 Ms. Michelle Lewis and Ms. Amelia Parks were attached with their arms locked around each other. They were frozen in this position on Amelia's office desk as they had just been caught getting it on by their principal. Their bodies were still sizzling, steamy, sweaty, and shaking with embarrassment and humiliation. 

Principal Marshall simply said he wanted to see them in his office and he left without another word. 

Michelle released Amelia to get dressed but she only got as far as the edge of the desk before her face reddened and tears began to flow. 

She had been infatuated with Amelia for some time and would have done anything to have sex with her but never did she think it would come at the cost of her job. Teaching was her life's dream and she hoped that dream would still be alive after this day! 

Amelia was older than Michelle, about a twelve year difference, and fancied her just as much. She couldn't believe someone would be interested in her given how "old" she was. Not that thirty-five meant she was anywhere near a walking cane but sometimes people see themselves differently than the world around them. Michelle's lust for her caused her to perk up a bit and walk with even more grace! 

Amelia was thriving in her perfect career as well and hoped the last half hour didn't erase the last thirteen years and keep her from teaching the students of the future. 

Amelia rubbed Michelle's back with a hand of comfort and warmth. "I'm really sorry about this. I didn't think we would get caught." 

Michelle sniffed and wiped away her tears. "We could have just as easily went to your house or mine. I couldn't wait and look what happened. Do you think Principal Marshall will pretend like he didn't see what he saw? Could we convince him it was a figment of his imagination?" 

Amelia chuckled through her pain. "Ha, yeah, right, but he's a reasonable guy and I've won teacher of the year a couple of times and you almost won it this year. Maybe we earned a second chance?" 

Michelle summoned enough strength to step into her panties and dress pants, button her blouse, and step into her shoes. "I hope so." 

After Amelia dressed, the two women went through the locker room and upstairs. 

They strolled to the principal's office, which was clear on the opposite side of the school! 

Both women had overwhelming tension gripping their every step and that made the walk that much more difficult. It seemed they passed a thousand lockers and classrooms to get to the principal's office. It was like it would take days to get there. 

After what seemed to be ages, which was only three minutes, they arrived at their destination. The ladies' hearts were quaking within. They both looked at each other as if to see who would go in first but fortunately or not, neither had to make that decision. 

Marshall lifted his head from his desk and spotted the women in the hallway. "Come in here now." 

The women gulped and Amelia followed by Michelle went inside. The latter closed the door behind her and they took their seats in front of the principal's desk. 

Marshall wasn't much older than Amelia and slender in a perfectly dry cleaned dark blue suit and tie. He was fair to all, which the ladies hoped wouldn't work against them this time. 

He dropped his pen on his paperwork and leaned back. "I just want your personal opinions. What would you do if you were me and you caught two students say in the bathroom or the auditorium naked doing all sorts of things inappropriate in a school setting? Hmm?" 

Marshall turned towards Michelle first. 

She couldn't keep her fingers still and her tummy churned and churned again. "Um, they should get another chance? Everyone makes mistakes." 

Marshall said, "Okay, that's true, we all do things in error at times, but while we hold students to a high standard, we hold the ones teaching them to an even higher one. After all, they are our future and they should be as prepared as possible when they get out in the world. How can two people that have decided to set poor examples teach them the right way to do things? Amelia?" 

Amelia dipped her head and was playing her fingers. "I believe you caught two women who are passionate about teaching our future. Our track records speak for themselves. Yes, we made a mistake, but it's not one that will be repeated. Give us a second chance and you won't be sorry, I promise." 

Marshall sat without a word for the longest time ever. 

Michelle felt like wasps had taken up residence in her tummy and she tapped her feet to the carpet awaiting his next words. She glanced over at Amelia who had her hands in her lap and was sitting straight with her chest thrust forward. Like she was going to be okay no matter what happened. Michelle, on the other hand, had mortgage payments to make not to mention not being able to pursue her dream. 

Marshall seemed to really be struggling with the fate of the ladies. 

Finally, he leaned forward with his elbows on the desk. "I think you both are incredible teachers that made a very bad mistake. While your arguments almost convinced me to let you stay here, I'm sorry that I can't do it. If you want to use me as a job reference for your next opportunity, you have my word that I will only say positive things about you. What I saw between you two I will keep to myself." 

Michelle sprinted for the door with streams pouring from her eyes. She was saving the full-on wailing until she got outside. 

Amelia caught up to Michelle and she let it all loose into her chest while they embraced. 

Michelle was torn up inside and couldn't stop shaking but she pulled back after a couple of minutes to speak through her sniffles. "What am I going to do?" 

With her thumb, Amelia wiped away her tears, which caused her makeup to run. "We can figure it out. Do you want to come to my place?" 

Michelle could already feel herself come alive once again. "Do you have some ice cream? Like a tub of it?" 

"No, but we can make a stop for some if you like." 

"Okay, but you can't have any. I think I need it all after this." 

It did sting a little bit when Amelia became unemployed but after years of saving, she would be okay for a while. That freed up her mind for other more naughty things. 

She loved holding Michelle when she cried into her. She was so warm and had such a soft young body with a sweet smell. Amelia may have been reluctant to sleep with her before but now that she had a taste, she craved her more! Her body was pulsing with sexual anticipation when she agreed to come to her place and her pussy was becoming hot and soaked again. 

After stopping for a bucket of Rocky Road ice cream, the women went to Amelia's. 

Her home had quite a wilderness feel to it with plotted plants in every corner and floral arrangements on all the tables. She had an aquarium with goldfish and ocean blue lighting in the living room and a kitchen with newly installed maple cabinets and polished granite countertops. 

Though the home had much more to see, Michelle didn't get beyond the reddish brown sofa just past the front door. 

She kicked her shoes off onto the tile near the door and flopped right on the sofa with the plastic bag holding the ice cream. 

Amelia offered her a bowl, a spoon, and an ice cream scoop, but she only took the spoon. She sat Indian style with the bucket between her legs and dug right in! 

There was a 60 inch flat screen nearby but Amelia sat on the love seat near Michelle and the girls ended up talking for hours. 

Night had fallen and Amelia was getting more aroused when she thought of what she wanted to do to Michelle. 

She put the ice cream on the table next to her. It was over half eaten! 

Michelle yawned and stretched her arms to her sides. "Yaaawn, do you mind if I stay here tonight? I don't feel much like getting behind a wheel." 

Amelia was leaping on the inside. "Sure." 

"Thanks for talking with me. I still don't know how I'm going to make it but at least I'm filled up on ice cream and got to talk to you for a while." 

"Oh, it's all my pleasure, sweetie." 

Michelle stood. "You don't mind if I get comfortable do you?" 

Amelia couldn't wait to see what she meant by that. "Just make yourself at home." 

Michelle pulled her pants down and Amelia wanted to reach for her pussy right there. She had the cutest pair of legs with a natural lightly tanned complexion. 

She kept her blouse and panties on and stretched out on the sofa. 

Amelia went into her room and slipped into her sleeping attire, which was a pink shirt with a teddy bear on the front. She usually wore pajama pants but for what she had in mind, they'd probably get in the way. 

When she walked back into the living room, Michelle was already snoozing. She was so overloaded with fear, confusion, sadness, and ice cream, and the fact she'd been crying was all so much that it took her all of two seconds to wind up asleep. 

She was on her back with her legs stretched out and parted slightly and Amelia was trying to sneak a peek between them. She felt so selfish. She knew Michelle was probably not in any kind of sexual mood but Amelia was about to explode with tension. She had to satisfy her craving. 

Amelia, while rubbing her own pussy through her panties, sat at her friend's feet. Her blouse had ridden up some and she could see her dark blue panties. 

Amelia was vibrating with excitement as she reached to caress her pussy but Michelle flinched suddenly and she pulled her hand back. 

It seemed it was just an involuntary movement in her sleep. Amelia went for it again and touched her this time. 

"Wow, you're hot..." Amelia said to herself as she played with her but trying to be careful not to wake her. 

She, ever so slowly, was moving her hand back and forth over her sex. She was giving off intense heat and the fabric was damp. 

Amelia wanted to get braver and moved a finger to the edge of her panties. She was trying to slip it inside and feel her uncovered flesh. She pulled the material aside, little by little, and eased her finger into her pussy. 

She looked up at Michelle's facial expressions to see if she could tell what she was doing. Her lips parted a bit but she kept on breathing. 

Amelia slowly pushed her digit into her and dragged it across her pink flesh until it was out. She licked her fingers and tasted her cream. It was like honey. 

"Mmm, I want to eat you, baby..." she said as she leaned over and lowered herself towards her pussy. 

She licked along the satin. She slid her tongue inside and flicked around. She tugged her panties aside more and pressed her tongue to her clit. She lashed at it with quick licks while a digit, followed by another, penetrated her pussy. 

She slow finger-fucked her while spinning her tongue over her clit and Michelle began squirming and a soft moan came from her lips. 

Amelia attached her lips to her clit and sucked with her fingers still ploughing into her. She curled them and danced them around within her and Michelle came out of her slumber with loud sounds of delight. 

"Oh, yeah, fuck me, baby..." Michelle said with her head turned to the side with her eyes shut as she absorbed the feel of every suck, lick, thrust, and movement of her fingers. 

Amelia swept her panties off and tossed them away. She kissed Michelle's cheeks and left kisses towards her lips. Michelle pulled her closer and they devoured each other's mouths with a kiss that had both of their fires lit and waves of arousal were shooting through their beings and to their toes. 

They fought to get more kisses in than the other as they cradled their faces. 

Amelia sought out Michelle's neck and glided her tongue over it before she locked onto it and sucked hard. Michelle held onto her and hollered in a joy that filled the room. Amelia licked her in a fury and Michelle's toes curled. 

Amelia slithered down her body back to her pussy. She spread her lips, dove in, and licked it ferociously. Her tongue was licking everywhere not missing a spot. 

Michelle was letting all her screams of lust go. 

Amelia tongue-fucked her with a hand traveling up her tummy and to her breasts where she gave one a rough knead, squeeze, and tugged hard at its nipple. 

Michelle was rumbling. "I'm going to cum so hard!" 

Amelia shoved three fingers in and fucked her deep, hard, and twisted them around until her friend shuddered and came! 

She drove her tongue back in her and lapped up all of her cum juices. 

After gathering herself, Michelle lifted her back off the sofa and tasted Amelia's lips. 

"Your cum tastes so good, doesn't it?" Amelia asked as she withdrew from the kiss. 

"Yeah, I love it! Now, I want to taste yours again!" 

She gave a playful shove to Amelia's chest and she fell to her back on the other end of the couch. 

Michelle grabbed Amelia's panties and ripped them down her legs and off. She was a couple inches taller than Michelle. Her legs were longer and she dragged her hands over the length of them, over her pussy, and onto her tummy. Amelia wiggled and felt the powerful tension gathering between her legs. 

Amelia was already teetering on the edge of bursting when Michelle pushed her shirt above her tits. With no bra, she clamped onto her right nipple and sucked hard while she jammed a couple of fingers in and fucked her with them. With their gleaming bodies attached, Michelle sucking and licking her tit, and with her fingers shoved in her and moving them in circles, Amelia couldn't take anymore. 

She arched her back, tensed, and released a wave of cum onto Michelle's fingers. 

She cleaned them and left not a drip of her sweet cream on them. "Mmm, delicious!" 

Amelia's back was hot and wet like the rest of her. "I'm glad you like it!" 

The women shared another hot smooch and stayed on the sofa cuddled up in sweaty heat for the rest of the night. 

Waking Michelle the next morning was the day's first light streaming in around the curtain's edges. 

She sat on what little edge of the couch there was with Amelia still sleeping on it and rubbed the sleep from her eye's corners. 

There was an obvious draft that replaced the warmth she had when she was curled up with Amelia and the void was saddening! 

Her body was still tingling with sensual excitement but she couldn't play all day. 

Her phone lit up with a purple glow and was ringing so she swept it off the carpet and answered without looking at the Caller-ID. 

She held the cell to her ear with her shoulder while she was stepping into her panties and dress pants. "Hello?" 

"Hey, sis! It's me! How are you?" 

That voice caused her to freeze and her heart almost did the same! 

"Me" happened to be her brother, Lyle. The same brother she hadn't spoken with in a year since he moved overseas to be with the love of his life he met on the net. 

Lyle was the brother that not only put frogs under her sheets when they were kids and poured honey in her hair but would turn anyone's face to pulp who even looked at his sister wrong. He wasn't beyond taking the blame for things to take a spanking from their parents in place of her. His sister was his life until he moved to Germany for his beloved Karly. 

Michelle slid into a chair at the dining room table. She tried to keep her excitement contained to keep from waking her friend. "Lyle! How have you been?" 

"Just wonderful, sis! What about you?" 

Michelle stared at Amelia's legs up to her pussy and her tits, which were still out for the world to see. "I have to say that I don't know how I could be better!" 

"I love that. Anyhow, I'm in town so I was wondering if we could meet for coffee." 

Michelle gasped. "What? Really? I thought you were still overseas?" 

"I'll explain everything later. Can you meet?" 

"Yeah! I can't wait! How about in an hour at Chandra's Café?" 

"I'll be there. Bye!" 

"Bye..." 

Michelle had a face-length grin plastered over her. She was in the clouds. She just fucked Amelia and now her loving brother was in town. After being axed from her job, things couldn't get any peachier... 

Michelle couldn't wait for Amelia to wake so she left a note on the table. 

She drove home as fast as she could. After showering and dressing, she headed for the café. 

It was a spring, breezy day, so she grabbed a seat near the sidewalk, a metal mesh chair at a similarly designed table, and sat. 

She closed her eyes and let the wind soothe her skin and toes and caress her curly light brown tresses. 

She was in a light blue short-sleeve shirt, jean shorts, and flip-flops. 

Her phone buzzed and she checked it. Amelia had texted her. 

"I got your note. I hope things go well with your brother. Mmm, I can still taste your cum on my lips and smell your scent. I had a great time. Come back, soon!" 

Michelle couldn't help but think about that wonderful time last night, too. She couldn't wait to fuck her again. 

She flipped open her compact mirror and passed the time by checking herself out. She realized that she couldn't quit grinning and there was a sparkle in her irises. 

She also caught a glimpse of a red spot on the side of her neck. She recalled how Amelia left it there and she sighed. When she dressed that morning, she must have missed it because she would have buried it in makeup so people wouldn't ask her about it. 

In mid-thought, her brother scooped her out of the chair with a bear hug and her flip flops fell to the ground. "Hey, sister!" 

He was once in the military, the army, but he kept his figure and stayed in shape and had quite the grip. She loved every second of the love he showered her with. 

Michelle tried to squeeze him back just as hard. "Hey, I'm so happy to see you! I was shocked when you called and wanted to meet." 

"I hoped you would be. Come on. Let's get some coffee..." Lyle said as he walked with her, arm-in-arm, into the café. 

A few minutes later, she was sipping on a cinnamon-spiced latte and nibbling on a glazed, raspberry-filled doughnut and Lyle had him an iced coffee with milk. 

Lyle took a sip of his coffee. "Hey, sis, do you remember the time I put syrup on the desk chair you sat in when you studied? You were so mad but I thought it was funny." 

"Um hum. I bet you remember when I put superglue in your shoes, too." 

"That sucked! And I wasn't even wearing socks that day!" Lyle chuckled. "I still miss those days." 

Michelle took a bite of her doughnut. "Mmmhmm, me, too." 

The pair chatted for an hour about their lives. All the while, she was trying to make it look natural as she covered her hickey and hoped her smile would pull his attention away from it! 

They talked about her former teaching job and buying her first house but leaving details of her love life out. He spoke of his life overseas as he visited the Berlin Wall, cathedrals, ancient castles, and other attractions with his Karly. They seemed to have a great relationship right up until the "talk" she wanted to have. 

Michelle held her brother's hand as he was visibly shaken by the turn their conversation had taken. "What's wrong?" 

"Sigh, Karly grew distant on me. I thought everything was perfect but she said we didn't have chemistry anymore. She wasn't feeling me. I found out that it wasn't so much that but someone else was moving on my Karly. Someone from her past. Someone she claimed she was in love with before me. I lost her to another woman and I was helpless to do anything about it." 

Michelle raised a brow. "I'm sorry." 

"We were supposed to have a family but she went off with her! Two women just aren't supposed to be together! It's wrong." 

Michelle paused and her tummy twisted in a thousand knots. He had no idea his sister was having sex with a woman herself. Michelle didn't know what to think. Would he have ill-feelings towards her? Think something was wrong with her? No, no, not him. Anyone but Lyle! 
