 Michelle recently was hired as a lab chemist and Amelia had to fight against falling into the pits as she was working as a waitress in a steakhouse opposed to being the teacher she was born to be. She could have moved to take a teaching position halfway across the country but the thought of leaving Michelle was something she could not bear for a second. 

The women spent much of their time in each other's arms and it was usually as though nothing could come between them. Not a worry or another man...or woman. Could their love keep it that way? 

Michelle's heart was thumping like she was staring into the eyes of her first love about to be kissed at her doorstep. She couldn't wait for Amelia to get home from work as it was the girls' movie night. A chick flick DVD was in the Blu-ray player, the smell of butter popcorn was floating through the air, and a pair of icy Smirnoff green apple bottles sat on the coffee table. Their favorite plush purple blanket was on the sofa. All was ready for a fun night. 

Michelle cut her cinnamon colored locks to a tad shorter than shoulder length and made it curly but a little messy for fun's sake. She was in a white tank top with her tits unrestrained and wore magenta pajama pants. 

She heard Amelia's car rumble into the driveway and Michelle gasped. 

When the car's door closed, she rushed to the door and tried to calm herself but her heart vibrated faster. Her pussy was moistening from a hint of a thought of Amelia. 

There was the jingle of keys followed by the creaking of the door swinging open towards her. 

And there was Amelia! 

It didn't matter that she was wearing her tan Roadhouse Steaks shirt, a plain black skirt that hung to her knees, and wore the aroma of sirloins and New York strips. Michelle thought she still could have walked a runway and turned heads. 

"Heeyyyy, sweetheart," Michelle said with a tilted head and a long wink. 

Amelia rushed Michelle and ensnared her in a loving embrace. "Hey yourself, my sexy girlfriend! I love your hair!" 

"Thank you!" 

Their lips attached and they could feel sizzles from their kiss. Michelle cradled Amelia's neck and kissed her like she was starved for it. 

They soon slowed their lip smooches as they took their time to savor each one. 

Michelle opened her mouth and Amelia did the same. They wrestled their tongues and reveled in their heat and wetness. 

The women purred into the other's throat and squeezed their bodies closer together as though they were one. 

Michelle drew back and held her chest. There was an uncontrollable quaking inside and her skin was heated. 

She said, "Whoa, oh, my. That was...was...um...what was I going to say?" 

Amelia giggled. "Hehe, I'm not that good am I? That I make you forget your thoughts and your words?" 

"How do you do that?" 

"Come on, you're making me blush!" Amelia said with her cheeks glowing cherry. 

"Good. I like it when you do that. By the way, I remembered what I was going to say." 

"And what's that?" 

"I love you!" 

"Aww!" 

They ravished each other in another tongue lashing. Both of their hands slid over their backs and grabbed as much ass as they could grope. Michelle's knees were shaking and crumbling. 

Amelia detached from the kiss and whispered into Michelle's ear. "I love you, too. I hope we never have to figure out how to live without each other." 

The mere thought of that was like a razor that sliced Michelle's emotions. "No, don't talk about that, please!" 

"Okay. I was thinking about a great way for me to freshen up after a hard day at work." 

That had Michelle bouncing. "Oh, what might that be?" 

"Follow me!" Amelia snatched her hand and Michelle scampered with her. 

They wound up in the bathroom standing on pink floor mats that were like fur. 

"Oh, you do need a shower!" Michelle said with a grin and pinching her nose. 

Amelia shoved her shoulder. "You're so mean! Ugh, explain to me why I'm in a relationship with you?" 

Michelle said, "It's because you think I'm sexy and the most wonderful girl in the world!" 

"Maybe but you're still mean." 

Michelle smiled. "Okay, I'm sorry!" 

"So, you're adding lying to your list of offenses?" 

"Geez," Michelle said while throwing her arms up. "I can't win!" 

Amelia spoke softly into her ear. "If you're lucky and be a good girl, you might win something soon. Now, let's get you out of these clothes." 

Something about the sexiness in which she spoke quivered Michelle's bones. 

"Mmm, okay!" Michelle said with her arms reaching for the sky. 

Amelia lifted her tank top over Michelle's tits but she stopped there. With it bunched around her neck, she leaned towards her left tit and Michelle shuddered when her breath breezed over it. 

She held her breast and consumed as much as would fit between her lips. She suckled on her flesh in different spots before tracing her tongue over every inch. She grew closer to her nipple where she whirled her licker around it before she sucked and tugged on it. 

She held Michelle's ass while she sucked more and switched to some soft nibbles. 

Michelle was overrun with sexual hunger. Amelia's hand slipped between her legs and Michelle drew in a quick breath. 

Amelia ceased providing attention to her tit to finish relieving her of the tank top. 

Michelle cupped Amelia's face and rewarded her with another kiss. 

Amelia's hands traveled down her back and grabbed the waistband of her pajama bottom. 

She lowered them to her ankles and the air conditioning chilled her flesh. 

Amelia's eyes shifted to her girlfriend's pussy. "No bra or panties? What were you thinking?" 

Michelle shrugged. "Oh, nothing. Just wanted to be comfortable." 

Amelia planted her hands on her hips. "Really? I think you thought you were going to get some tonight." 

"Why would I think that?" 

"Because we've had sex every night this week." 

"Oh, yeah. Lucky guess." 

"Um, hum. Do you ever not want it?" 

"Gee, I hope not!" 

Amelia chuckled. "Wasn't it you that said you didn't want our relationship to be all about that?" 

"There's some love mixed in there, too." 

"Okay, just checking!" 

Michelle couldn't always tell if Amelia was yanking her chain and teasing her or was being serious. It kept her guessing and kept her loving her. 

"Now, it's your turn!" Michelle said as she jerked Amelia's shirt overhead. Her tits were snug against her royal blue lacy bra. 

Michelle slid her arms around her, unclasped it, and pulled its straps off her shoulders. To the floor it fell. 

She clutched her skirt at the thighs and ripped it down. Amelia stepped out of her flat shoes and kicked them both aside. Next to go to her ankles were her panties, which matched her brassier. 

Michelle spent a few long seconds looking at her shaved crotch and swollen clit. 

Amelia passed by her with a drag of her fingertips across her facial cheek. 

She slid the pink shower curtain back, turned on the shower, and extended her hand beneath the stream to test its level of heat. 

After a few moments, she took Michelle by the hand and into the steamy shower they went. 

The rush of the jets soothed and revitalized their weary bodies. 

Michelle grabbed her sponge and lavender body wash bottle from the caddy hanging from the showerhead. 

She squeezed some of the gel onto the sponge and sat the bottle back into the caddy. 

She worked the sponge into a lather on Amelia's tits and moved it around in circles. Amelia sighed and Michelle could see the tension fleeing from her being. 

"That's wonderful baby," Amelia said in a relaxed tone. 

Michelle sponged the length of an arm followed by its counterpart. "So, honey, how was your day?" 

"Besides bathing a customer in Sprite and getting my ass chewed out for being late back to work from lunch because it was so crazy that I didn't want to be there, all was fine." 

"I'm sorry." 

Michelle sensed her feeling of being trapped somewhere she didn't want to be. It flooded Michelle with sorrow but she had a plan to do something for her. 

Amelia toyed with Michelle's tresses. "It's okay, sweetie. I just wished I was teaching again." 

"So, do you ever regret staying with me and not taking the job in Kansas City?" 

"No!" Amelia said almost before she could finish. "I told you that." 

"I know..." 

Michelle knew but she loved hearing it. She rubbed the sponge alongside her neck and whooshed it down her chest, tummy, and to her thighs. 

Amelia threw her head back and the water pattered her face. "I'll find something. You got a cool job working in a lab. I just work on getting people's orders right." 

Michelle said, "Trust me. I'm thinking of something that might help." 

"Okay, baby." 

Michelle kneeled and lifted Amelia's ankles one at a time to wash her feet. Back up the sponge swirled around her legs and Michelle stopped it on her pussy. 

She spun it on her sex and treated it to a quick rub. Michelle glanced up at her lover. Her eyes were hidden behind her lids and her mouth was parted while she softly moaned. 

Michelle dropped the sponge and replaced it with her first and middle finger. She slipped them into her slit and curled them upward. She extended her tongue and flicked her clit back and forth. 

She finger-fucked Amelia with her digits twisting around. She pulled them out, dove in, and went crazed on her pussy with her tongue flying all over. Despite some water clogging her nose, she licked her until her jaws ached. 

Amelia was buckling. "Ahhh! Michelle! You lick my pussy so good..." 

Michelle sneaked a couple of digits back into her pussy and worked them into a rhythm. 

Amelia backed against the wall and hollered in joyous ecstasy. 

Michelle plunged her fingers into the deepest depths of her pussy. And went that deep with each drive. 

She sped up her fingers and Amelia tugged at Michelle's drenched locks. 

Michelle used circular motions and curled them within. 

Amelia bent low, lifted her girlfriend, and kissed her quickly and shot her tongue into her mouth. 

She ended the smooch much to her chagrin and turned Amelia around. She hooked her around the waist and held her tightly to her being. 

"Someone's getting riled up aren't they?" Michelle said. 

"You always do that to me!" 

Michelle grew more aroused knowing that Amelia wanted her. 

She scooped her sponge from the water, poured more gel on it, and stroked her back with it. North and south it traveled while leaving soapy trails in its path. 

Michelle had her sights attached to Amelia's toned ass. 

She rubbed one cheek and then the other before slipping into her crack. She gave it a scrub and a rub. 

She stopped on her crinkled hole and probed it with her finger behind the sponge. She did it a few times to see how Amelia liked it. She was rocking back towards her probing. 

Michelle asked, "Do you want me to finger your ass?" 

"Yes." 

"Okay. Come here," Michelle said as she took Amelia's hands and guided them to the edge of the tub. 

With her butt poking out, Amelia said, "I feel so naughty like this!" 

Michelle brushed her anus a few times and Amelia shivered. 

She swatted her cheeks and Amelia whined. "Oww, that hurts! You know I'm wet." 

Michelle snickered. "I bet you are." 

"I'm the older one. I should be the one spanking you." 

"Not tonight, sweetie," Michelle said as she pulled one of her cheeks to the side exposing her most private place. 

She pressed her finger in slowly but all the way in. The wetness created by the shower provided plenty of lubrication. Her asshole clinched her digit. She pulled it away to the fingertip and fingered her ass again. All the way back and in a touch more shallow. She fucked her by going halfway in for a bit but mixed in deeper penetrations. Michelle reached beneath Amelia and massaged her clit with frenzied strokes while using a second finger sliding between her cheeks. Amelia was moaning and weakening in the knees. 

Michelle dragged her finger out all the way this time and plunged them in until her ass swallowed them whole. She spun them in all directions. 

Amelia said, "I'm going to cum so hard! Aahhh..." 

Michelle used steady strokes to massage the inside of her ass while speeding the rubs of her clit. The more Amelia's legs shook, the faster she rubbed. 

Amelia cried again with a shattering orgasm and collapsed onto the rim of the tub. 

"Mmm, that was hot!" Michelle said as she ceased the water flow. 

They were dripping in more ways than one. 

"Yeah, hoo..." Amelia said while slumped over the tub and trying to recover her breaths. "My legs won't stop shaking and my pussy is throbbing! You get the award for most incredible girlfriend." 

A flash of warmth passed through Michelle. "Aww, thanks! Let's go." 

Michelle stepped onto the soft rug and offered her hand to her sweetheart to help her onto it at her side. 

Amelia nearly jumped into her throat with a French smooch and Michelle couldn't imagine how things could get any better. 

Michelle snatched the towel from the rack. It was fluffy and soft like a bunny's coat. 

She folded the cloth, spread it over Amelia's frame, and wiped the dripping liquid from her skin. She rubbed it around her neck, down her chest, and to her tummy. 

She wrapped her feet in it and patted them dry. Sliding up and around her legs one followed by the other, she worked the towel upward and dried her sex with a massage. Amelia was moaning again. 

Michelle gleamed at her. "I'm only drying you! That's it! I promise." 

"If you say so." 

Michelle slipped to her backside and ruffled the towel in her drenched brunette locks. She glided it down the length of her back and to her ass. 

She hooked Amelia around her waist and snuggled into her. "So, I have an idea." 

Amelia tickled the hairs on Michelle's arm. It had her shaking with tingles. 

Amelia said, "Coming from your mind it has to be dirty." 

"Hmm, it might lead to that. I want you for a whole night to be my little naughty sex slave where you have to do everything I tell you. Wouldn't that be fun?" 

"I don't know. I kind of wanted to do that to you! Especially because of how hard you spanked my ass in the shower you little brat." 

"Hehe, okay, I see we'll need a way to decide who gets who as a slave for the night," Michelle said as her eyes shifted upward. "How about a game of trivia? I still have my deck of trivia cards." 

"You do remember that I beat you when we played last time, right? Do you want to lose that bad?" 

"Well, there's more at stake this time! I'm going to win and you will be mine!" 

Amelia shrugged. "Alright, I tried to warn you, baby. And when I win, I'm going to do some really naughty things to you." 

"I guess it'll have to wait because you've already lost. You just don't see it!" 

Amelia spun, took the towel from Michelle, and dried her. "Stop talking and start dealing cards." 

"Okay!" 

About fifteen minutes later, the girls were dressed and ready to play. Amelia was waiting in the living room for Michelle who was on her knees next to the bed. 

She slid the box of cards out from the darkness beneath the bed, took them all out, and shuffled through them. Some specific ones she hid away amongst the dirty clothes in her laundry basket. 

Amelia shouted from the other room. "Michelle baby! What are you doing? I'm anxious to beat you! Come on!" 

Michelle stuffed the cards back into the box and scooted to her lover. "I'm coming sweetie!" 

Amelia was sitting Indian style on the floor with Smirnoff and a bowl of buttery movie popcorn at her side. She was wearing her brunette strands in a ponytail and one of Michelle's violet T-shirts was acting as her nightshirt. 

Michelle plopped on the carpet across from her sweetheart. While she shuffled the cards, she peeked between Amelia's legs. Her panties happened to match her shirt, which were cute, but she was hoping to get a look at her sex again. Darn. 

Once she finished shuffling, she placed the cards face down in front of them. 

They would take turns drawing them. A point per correctly answered question was the rule and it was ten points to the win. If someone didn't know an answer, the other could steal if they knew it. 

And so the game was on! 

After twenty minutes, it was Michelle with eight points and Amelia had four. 

Michelle drew the next card and held it up. The number 11 was on the back. 

She read it aloud. "What element on the periodic table is represented by the letters 'Ir?' Oh, that's easy. Iridium! All I need is one more! Are you getting nervous? Tense? Thinking about what I'm going to do to you?" 

Amelia checked the answer sheet for card number 11 and slapped the floor. "Shucks! You got that right, too. Well, I can still win. Just you watch!" 

"Psst," Michelle said as she shook her head. "Nope. It's over when you draw the next card. You should give up now and spare yourself the humiliation of losing to me!" 

"No way!" Amelia said while drawing the card off the top of the deck and raised it for them to see. 

Thirty-six was on the back of that one. Michelle watched Amelia's face as she read the card to herself. The look on her face told her that she might be in trouble—in more than one way! 

"Well, what does it say?" Michelle asked. 

"Sigh. Another science question. 'What is the common name for nitrous oxide?'" 

"Do you know it?" Michelle asked as she was pumping with excitement. 

"Yeah, but I don't remember! Ugh, it's right on my tongue!" 

"So you don't know it?" 

Amelia's chin fell and she shook her head. "I guess not." 

"Well, I do! It's laughing gas, silly! And that's what you're going to need to dull the pain away of your loss, hehe!" 

Amelia sighed. "I thought there were geography questions mixed in? They were all science related! Stuff you would know." 

"There were some. What are you talking about?" 

"Yeah, one. The continent where the Himalayas are." 

"You got that one right. So...I don't get the point of this conversation," Michelle said as she swept the cards out of her path and crawled to Amelia. She slid her thumb under her chin and lifted until their eyes connected. "You know what this means don't you?" 

"I don't see how I lost! How did it happen?" 

"Oh, stop whining. I got more questions right than you. That's how! Luckily for you, I want to watch TV so you'll be mine tomorrow." 

"Yes, honey." 

Michelle was eating it up already. She slid her hand into Amelia's and they hopped on the couch together. 

With the remote, Michelle fired up the movie and they cuddled up beneath the blanket. 

Amelia's arm was draped across Michelle's tummy and her head rested on her shoulder. Halfway into the flick, Amelia was almost in the world of Z's. 

Michelle was being lulled to the dream world herself as Amelia being in her arms and their shared heat soothed and comforted her. The freshness of having showered only added to her relaxed state. If this was her being whisked away in the winds of love, she hoped to never come back from the clouds. 

Michelle spoke softly with a push on Amelia's arm. "Hey, baby. Why don't you stretch out over that way? I have a surprise for you." 

Amelia yawned. "But, I don't want to break our cuddle." 

"Trust me. You'll like it." 

"Alright," she said as she slid away and laid down with her head at the opposite end of the sofa. 

Michelle tossed the blanket away and rested her love's feet in her lap. She picked one and rubbed her thumbs deep into its bottom and up to her toes where she massaged each one from the little one to the big one. 

She worked her way up her calf with circular massages with her fingertips all the way to her knee and made her way back to her foot. 
