 Caroline awoke Wednesday morning, barely able to think. She was so excited about her trip with Dr. Clarke that she nearly forgot she had an exam that day. She quickly showered, dressed, and headed down to breakfast. After finishing her meal she went back up to her room to look over her notes. She quickly reviewed the important material then headed off to her last exam of the semester.

As she had expected the exam was easy. It was mostly multiple choice and essays. Caroline finished quickly -- she was the first to be done -- checked her work and departed the classroom. As she walked across the university courtyard she pulled out her phone and dialed her mom.

"Hey mom!" she said.

"Hi, honey," her mom replied. "How's school? Are exams going well?"

"I just finished my last exam, which was a piece of cake. Is dad there? I wanted to talk to both of you about Christmas."

"We're both here," her mom replied. "We don't have any exams to give today. You're on speaker phone."

"Hey, dad," Caroline said.

"Someone sounds awfully excited," her dad said. "What's up, Kitty?"

"Well, remember how I told you one of my profs this year was Dr. Emma Clarke?" Caroline asked.

"Yes," her parents replied.

"Well, there's a UN symposium on global warming in Sydney over the holiday, and Dr. Clarke has invited me to join her for the symposium. I know it's over Christmas, but..."

"Wow, you must've really made an impression!" her mother said. 

"That's fantastic!" her dad said. "Of course you should go! This would look amazing on any resume, and we can have Christmas when you get back."

"Are you sure?" Caroline asked.

"Of course, dear," her mother said. "Have a wonderful time!"

"Thank you both so much!" Caroline said. "I love you guys! I'll call you Christmas Day!"

"We love you, too, kiddo," her dad said.

The call ended. Despite it only being Wednesday, Caroline went back to her room to do laundry and start packing. Her phone dinged; it was an email from Dr. Clarke. The email contained a PDF of the itinerary along with Emma's guidelines for attire during the symposium. Emma also mentioned that, as it was summer in the Southern Hemisphere, to bring a swimsuit. Caroline knew exactly which swimsuit to bring. 

The next couple of days seems to take forever to pass. As her friends finished their exams and headed home the dorms became emptier Caroline said goodbye to her friends, wishing them happy holidays and that she'd see them next semester. Thursday night only a handful of students remained. There was only one exam on Friday morning. Caroline and the remaining students sat together eating dinner. They talked about their semester and remembered some funny moments from the year. Caroline went to bed that night, knowing that in twenty-four hours she'd be on a private jet bound for Sydney. 

Friday seemed to drag on. Caroline was already packed and ready. It was just a matter of waiting until it was time to leave for the airport. No matter what she did to pass the time it seemed to slow down. Finally it was time. She grabbed her bags and headed out onto Amsterdam Avenue. She hailed a cab and told the driver to take her to JFK Airport. 

She arrived half an hour later. She checked her phone to see where she was to meet Emma. She followed the signs and soon saw Emma standing with a concierge. Caroline walked quickly over. She and Emma gave each other a quick hug, and the concierge explained the process. The concierge gave them their luggage tags then led them through security. Once through security they were driven by car to a private area of the airfield where government and private aircraft were kept. 

They boarded the aircraft, a Royal Australian Air Force (RAAF) Dassault Falcon 7X. Caroline was impressed with how spacious the cabin seemed, despite the jet's size. On one side of the aisle were two long couches; on the other was a small conference table with four chairs. The pilot showed them where the lavatories were as well as the small, well-stocked pantry. There were ready-to-eat sandwiches, salads, and desserts, along with cold drinks and snacks. The captain informed them per their itinerary they'd be flying to Tokyo and spending the night before flying on to Sydney. The flight would take about twelve hours. 

Emma and Caroline took their seats and buckled in. Their heads turned when two more passengers boarded. It was an older woman and gentleman, both appeared to be in their fifties and were of Japanese descent. 

"Doctor and Mrs. Sato, I didn't know you were coming!" Dr. Clarke said with surprise.

"We were invited at the last minute as Dr. Gupta couldn't attend," Dr. Sato said. "It's an honor to see you again, Dr. Clarke."

"Likewise, both of you," Dr. Clarke said. "May I introduce Caroline Johnson. She's a senior at Columbia University. She's studying education and sociology, and she's also my TA for the year. She's a brilliant young woman. I've incorporated one of her papers into part of my address for the conference."

"You must be a very impressive young lady," Mrs. Sato commented.

"Thank you," Caroline blushed.

Dr. and Mrs. Sato buckled in to their seats on the opposite side of the conference table. Soon the Falcon's engines roared to life and the aircraft rolled from it's parking area. Caroline felt the acceleration as the aircraft rolled down the runway. She watched out the window as the aircraft lifted off the runway and into the evening sky.

They reached cruising altitude within minutes. The captain announced over the intercom that they'd reached altitude and could unbuckle. Caroline asked if anyone was hungry. Dr. and Mrs. Sato had eaten before the flight; Dr. Clarke had not. Caroline went to the pantry, grabbed a couple sandwiches and drinks and returned to her seat. She and Dr. Clarke ate their sandwiches and chatted with the Japanese couple. Caroline listened as Dr. Sato told Dr. Clarke about his work; Caroline found it mildly interesting. 

"Well, I think we should try to get some rest," Mrs. Sato said after a few hours of talking. 

The long couches on the opposite side of the aisle were sectioned off into four separate sections. Each of the passengers selected a section and got comfortable. Caroline and Emma lay so they could face each other. Caroline and Emma smiled at each other lovingly and began to slowly doze off.

Caroline awoke a few hours later. They must've crossed the International Date Line because the sky was no longer dark; the sun was setting. She got up and used the lavatory then went to the pantry to get a drink. As she was deciding on what to drink, Emma woke up. She got up and, seeing Dr. and Mrs. Sato still asleep, went to Caroline.

"Hi, Kitty," Emma smiled, stroking Caroline's cheek.

"Hi, Emma," Caroline said.

They gently kissed on the lips. Caroline started to unbutton Emma's blouse. Emma pushed Caroline's hand away.

"Not here," Emma cautioned. "When we get to the hotel. Then we'll make love all you want."

Emma buttoned her shirt back up. She and Caroline got their drinks and returned to their seats. Caroline opened her laptop and was looking over the spring semester course catalog; Columbia allowed students to register for classes online. Emma had her computer open as well, looking over her notes for the conference. 

The Dassault Falcon landed in Tokyo about five in the afternoon local time. Dr. and Mrs. Sato had awakened only an hour prior to landing. The aircraft taxied to the designated area. A small van was waiting for them. Their bags were loaded into the van, and they were driven to the Narita Marriott Hotel. They checked in and headed to their rooms.

Emma and Caroline looked nervously at each other as the elevator ascended to the fifth floor. The door opened, and they walked down the hallway to their room. Emma slid the card key in the slot and turned the handle. They entered the spacious room. The door had barely closed when Emma spun Caroline around and kissed her hard on the mouth. Caroline returned the kiss, moaning into Emma's open mouth. She arched into Emma's embrace.

"I've wanted you since we got on the plane," Caroline said.

"I know," Emma said. "I saw how you looked at me during the flight."

"Take me," Caroline whispered.

"With pleasure," Emma grinned.

Emma tugged at Caroline's tight turtleneck. Caroline lifted her arms; Emma pulled it off, revealing a sexy red sports bra. Caroline furiously unbuttoned Emma's blouse. She was please when she saw the lacy white bra underneath. She reached behind Emma and unhooked the bra, tossing it aside. Emma quickly unsnapped Caroline's jeans and yanked them off; Caroline mirrored the movement and Emma's jeans soon joined Caroline's on the floor. Both women were wearing panties that matched their bras. 

"I want to taste you," Emma said.

"But I'm so gross," Caroline protested.

"Then shower with me," Emma said. "You start the water. I'll be there in a minute."

Caroline peeled off her sports bra and panties and went into the bathroom. Soon the hot water was running. Caroline stepped in; the hot water felt amazing on her skin. It rejuvenated and relaxed her all at once. The bathroom door opened. The shower door was already steamed over. Emma stepped in, her hands behind her back. Caroline was just rinsing the soap from her hair and body.

"What are you hiding?" Caroline asked slyly.

"Something fun," Emma smirked. 

Emma revealed the object. It was a small purple dildo. Caroline smiled.

"It's a water-safe vibrator," Emma said. "And I'm going to fuck you with it."

"Oh god, Emma, please do," Caroline said. "I'm so fucking wet."

"Up against the wall," Emma commanded.

"Yes, professor."

Caroline faced the shower wall, bending forward slightly. She put her arms up to brace herself. Emma activated the toy and began to gently move it along Caroline's upper inner thigh. Caroline moaned as the vibrations moved through her. Emma ran the dildo around the edge of her student's perfectly shaved mound. Caroline whimpered as Emma teased her. 

"Oh fuck, yes."

"Mmm...you like that, do you?" Emma asked.

"Yes, professor," Caroline answered.

"Then you'll love this."

Emma ran the toy up and down Caroline's slit. Caroline moaned louder. Her small body began to quiver.

"Shit!" Caroline gasped.

Emma continued maneuvering the toy up and down Caroline's swell. Caroline was moaning wildly. Just when Caroline thought she couldn't take any more, Emma surprised her again. Emma slid the toy slowly into Caroline's tight wet hole. 

"Fuck!" Caroline yelped.

The vibrations sent ripples of pleasure through her entire body. The toy stopped right on her g-spot. Caroline began to shake even more; Emma held her in place.

"Oh fuck, oh yes, right there, right there!" Caroline whimpered.

"Yeah?" Emma whispered, kissing and licking the nape of Caroline's neck.

Caroline couldn't take much more. Her legs were shaking; she felt like they would give out at any moment. She willed herself to stay standing. Emma held the vibrating toy in place. Caroline felt herself about to explode.

"Fuck!!" she screamed.

Emma pulled the toy out. She watched with pleasure as Caroline climaxed. Caroline pussy gushed, her juices flowing onto the shower floor. Caroline whimpered all through the intense orgasm. Emma saw how wobbly Caroline was and held her up. As her climax died away Caroline leaned back into Emma. Emma kissed her neck and massaged her breasts.

"Oh god, Emma," Caroline panted. "I don't know if I can stand anymore."

"Then have a seat my dear," Emma said, helping to lower Caroline to the shower bench. 

Caroline sat there and watched as her gorgeous professor washed her naked body. Caroline couldn't help but become aroused again. She saw Emma was now fully aroused as well. Emma finished her shower.

"Are you done, love?" Emma asked.

Caroline nodded. Emma turned off the water. She handed Caroline a towel, and they dried off. They walked back out to the bedroom and lay on the bed. Caroline took the toy. Emma looked at her and smirked. Caroline activated the toy, putting it on its lowest setting and gently moved it between Emma's legs.

"Oh," Emma gasped. "That feels really good."

"I know," Caroline smiled.

Emma opened her legs wide. Caroline ran the dildo up and down Emma's swollen slit. Emma moaned as the vibrations moved through her labia, which were very sensitive. Caroline quickly realized this and spread Emma's folds. She held the toy on the interior of Emma's lips; Emma moaned louder.

"Shit!" she moaned loudly. 

Caroline held the toy in place for a few minutes. Then she had a wicked idea. She moved the toy upwards. Emma gasped as the vibrator touched her clitoris. 

"Oh god, Kitty!" Emma said. "Right there!"

Caroline gently worked the toy around the clit. Emma was playing with her own nipples, lightly pinching them. 

"Does that feel good?" Caroline asked.

"Very much, Kitty," Emma replied.

"Are you going to cum?"

"Not yet," Emma answered.

Caroline switched the vibrator to it's highest setting. Emma was caught totally by surprise. The sudden stimulation against her clit made her scream. She clenched the bed sheets hard.

"Fuck! You little minx!"

Caroline held the vibrator right on Emma's throbbing clit. Emma was trying not to scream. Caroline handed her a pillow. 

"Oh shit! Fuck, you dirty little devil, you! Fuck!" Emma screamed into her pillow.

Caroline could see Emma's clit pounding, her pussy clenching. Emma was writhing in pleasure as she continued screaming into the pillow. 

"When you cum, it'll stop," Caroline smirked.

Emma tossed the pillow away. She clenched the bed sheets again, her knuckles turning white. Without warning the climax hit.

"Shit!!" she screamed at the top of her lungs.

Caroline pulled the toy away, watching with great satisfaction as her professor squirted all over the bed. Emma shook violently as she came. The orgasm seemed to last for several minutes. As suddenly as it came, it was gone. Emma lay there, motionless, trying to catch her breath. Caroline moved kiss her.

"Don't," Emma gasped. "I'm too sensitive."

Caroline obeyed. She just watched as Emma slowly recovered. Emma shot her a dirty look. 

"You little bitch," she said.

"What?" Caroline asked.

"No one's ever made me cum like that before," Emma replied. "And now the entire hotel knows I'm a screamer. Thanks."

"You know you liked it," Caroline retorted. 

Emma smiled.

"I did. I loved it. How about we go down to the restaurant and get dinner?" Emma asked.

"How about room service?" Caroline countered.

"Even better," Emma said. "Now we don't have to get dressed."

"My thoughts exactly," Caroline said slyly.