 We were presenting in the same session of a business conference. Not a large audience, a few hundred maybe, but enough to be nervous about, to want to prepare well, and to want to relax with a drink after.

Sally looked great - 30 something, blonde (this season anyway), with a nicely rounded figure, in a well-fitting business suit. I'd enjoyed her presentation from the panellist's desk. I liked its intelligent and interesting content, the rear view of her animated body and the slow low sexy tone of her voice. Now I had her company in the bar. Self-confident and articulate, she was the epitome of what excites me in a woman.

I said although I was a little nervous in advance, I always enjoyed the time in front of the audience, the adrenalin lifted my performance, or at least I thought it did. Sally replied, "Womon to woman, Louise, there is an extra dimension, you're aware that all those men are evaluating you sexually".

This caught my attention and I looked her in the eyes and smiled; there was an opportunity here. "But Sally although you have dressed formally you could have done more to conceal what a sexy-looking woman you are. So obviously you don't mind the attention".

"Well Louise it aroused me, didn't it you?". "Yes, it did. Can I ask you - was it just the admiring glances of the men that excited you?"

Sally hesitated and I could see her re-evaluating the situation. I was smiling confidently at her, maybe I licked my lips involuntarily, I don't know. Before I discovered the joys of girl-on-girl sex, I used to feel I was an attractive woman to men, but not premiere league in pulchritude. However, to my delight I have found that I seem irresistible to women who have any sexual interest in other women. I hoped to spark that interest in Sally.

"I'm not usually aware of women fancying me. I've never had sex with a woman".

I looked in her eyes and then briefly over her body. I resumed eye contact with a smile before speaking. I thought to myself - "I've never had sex with a woman" - great - so much better than "The idea of sex with a another woman disgusts me".

"Want to try it Sally?"

Her reaction was amusing. She is a confident experienced heterosexual woman who is well accustomed to the rituals preceding a sexual encounter. Now however she was hesitant and blushing, like an adolescent. I love it when I see that in a woman.

"With you, you mean?" - her voice was throaty and nervous. I nodded. "Right now?" - I nodded again. "In your bedroom, with me". I reached out to touch her hand and she didn't flinch or withdraw.

Taking my chance I leaned forward to speak. "I have an idea that builds on the exhibitionist frisson we both feel".

"What do you mean?" she asked, and her expression held a wonderful curiosity. My heart beat faster as I whispered my suggestion in her ear - and I inhaled her scent before leaning back to enjoy her smile and eager nod.

A few minutes later I was sitting in her hotel room when I heard a knock at the door. I opened it to Sally, took her mobile that she handed to me, stepped back and used the mobile to take a picture of her standing there, smiling and totally professional-looking in her suit, though just a hint of nervousness in her expression. "Hi Sals, great to see you, just close the door and stand by the wall a couple of feet to the right please". She did so.

What I had suggested to her was that we take a sequence of pictures of her progressing from sober professional to abandoned sexual animal. And that that sequence should be in the context of her progress from doorway to bedroom. Imagine Sally's apartment with the pictures displayed in order on the wall. A casual visitor just using the lounge would see only the initial stages; someone progressing to the intimacy of the bedroom would also progress through this record of Sally's passionate nature. Not a practical idea of course but the very idea seemed to have raised her arousal to a new height.

"Just stand still there Sals please". I walked over to her, standing still and quietly though I could see her chest rising and falling rapidly, her body was ready for anything. Maintaining eye contact with her I ran my fingers through her hair, letting her long locks fall casually over her face. Watching her eyes I ran my hand over her body, lightly learning all her shapes. I reached under her skirt, "part your legs now Sal" and ran the edge of my hand between her legs, touching her sex through her damp panties. A light moan escaped her lips. "Kick your shoes off"

Smiling I stepped back for the second picture. Although she was fully dressed her demeanour with her mussed-up hair was now anything but demure. Her eyes looking at me and the camera phone were now filled with lust. A quick learner, this one!

"Another step to the right now". "May I make an observation?" - the sarcastic sassy Sal enjoying but also constrained by the rules of this game. "Standing here like this I think I understand why my body liked your suggestion and why women like posing for shots. It's a kind of bondage, the need to pose and stay still is like the silk cords that might tie us to a bed. We models surrender responsibility for our appearance and our treatment to the designer, the hairdresser, the make-up artist and crucially to you, Louise, the photographer".

"Very profound Sals. I won't let you down. Me, I just know that as soon as I thought of this I knew it was damned sexy. Now I need you to reach under your skirt and pull down your panties and tights. I need to snap you when I can see the panties coming down and your skirt pushed up enough to show your leg at least to mid-thigh." This was a very erotic pose - by removing underclothes first Sally in this picture is doing nothing else than facilitating access to her sex. It took a moment of two to get it posed right. I moved a mirror over so Sally could see how it looked.

"OK now this next one is a little tricky because I need to figure the self-timer on your phone here. Part your legs as you stand please". Having balanced the phone in I hoped the right place, I started the timer and rushed forward, kneeling and putting my head under her skirt. I'd just got my mouth to her sex when the camera clicked, capturing the intake of breath as Sally enjoyed my kiss and affectionate lick of her clitoris. Normally I'd stay there a good while because Sally was certainly appreciative, but we had a project to finish so I only licked her long enough for me to untuck her blouse with my hands, and to reach up her back to unclasp her bra to pull its cups away from her breasts.

I looked at this last pic. It showed a woman standing with her panties and tights around her ankles and a figure kneeling in front of her, head and shoulders concealed under her skirt. The head was clearly at the level of her crotch and it was obvious from the expression on her face both what was going on and that it wasn't going unappreciated. I shared the pic with Sally. "Ooooh" she said and we smiled at each other. I squeezed her hand momentarily and kissed her lightly on the lips.

Standing back again I asked Sally to unbutton her blouse, I took a shot while she did that, and then I told her to pull the fabric to one side so her breasts were exposed. This made a lovely shot, her nipples were wonderfully hard. The other shots had been full length; for this one I got close, bosom to head only.

"Now Sally, please stand in the doorway against the doorframe, parting your legs again". It was time for me to undress, because I wanted to see how much Sally would be turned on by my body in her new mood. My nipples were hard and my thong was saturated. It had been teasing me ever since my vulva engorged downstairs on learning that Sally was mine to have. Knowing already that her vagina was copiously lubricated I strolled forward to her and inserted two fingers into her pussy probing upwards for her G-spot. She made a loud moan this time and her whole body shook as I slid and twisted my fingers inside her.

After a few seconds I stepped back and took a quick picture. Sally was open-mouthed and shaking, her bare breasts partly concealed by the blouse and by now her demeanour was 100% sexual.

Although in this game I was playing the clinical brutal photographer in reality I felt increasingly fond of this wonderful new lover I'd found. I walked over, took both her hands in mine and kissed her passionately on the mouth, squeezing her hands as we kissed, saying as loudly as I could in body language how much affection I felt for her trust in taking this on with me. And in words as well - "You're a gorgeous exciting woman Sals".

But we were not done yet. I lay naked on the bed and asked her to unfasten and drop her skirt slowly so I could take another pic, showing her sex exposed as the skirt travelled down her thighs.

Then I asked her to hold the camera at arms length to capture her from head to crotch as I buried my head in her sex. She took the next pic showing her orally stimulated, her mouth in an o of delight.

"Now this threesome with the camera is over Sals. Let's make love".

I had her lie down on the bed. I had both hands free to caress her breasts while I licked her clitoris. By now she was in a world of her own, writhing and moaning loudly. I stroked her hair and pressed a finger to her lips. "Sals darling, relax and look in my eyes. Our eyes locked I sat up and pressed her to me, her nipples squeezed on my chest while my fingers played inside her. Watching each other from a few inches way we smiled while our fingertips lightly travelled over each other's bodies now raised to an incredible sensitivity. After a few minutes I felt Sally's body approaching a climax - the intensity of her feeling made her body want to wriggle away from my touch; but firmly but gently I kept my fingers in place. I stroked her hair and looked her full in the eyes as she shouted through an orgasm.

As she started to relax I lowered her onto her back and pressed myself up so I could smile into her eyes and stroke her hair, taking in the view of her breasts, heaving up and down as she was still breathing hard.

We kissed passionately, tongues licking wildly. I straddled her thigh with my legs and she moved her leg to rub her skin on my crotch, so nice of her.

I studied her face as my juices smeared her leg. I had found the sexual animal in Sally all right but the sassy smart Sally was still in there, just letting go of control for a while. I could still blow her a kiss and see that Sally smile back at me.

Soon it was my turn to get excited - "lick me Sals please" - and she sat up to oblige, sucking my clit into her mouth as if she'd been doing it for years and I moaned and trembled myself as I got closer to my climax. "I'm coming Sals, hold me tight baby" and she hugged me close with her arms round my arse, me rolling her nipples in my palms. Sal sucked me greedily while I had my loud juicy orgasm.

We didn't speak for several minutes, recovering our breath while we hugged and stroked each other, indulging that huge rush of affection that great sex brings on, wanting to caress every part of each other.

Sally finally spoke. "I'm going to run us a hot lovely-smelling bath and then I want to do this all over again. Now you've got me going I've some ideas of my own." She rushed excitedly into the bathroom.

While she was gone I picked up her phone; it was an advanced model like mine with a slot for a memory card. I dumped the pictures onto a card I had in my handbag. Sneaky, I know, but I like to share occasions like this with my husband and it's just between us. I'd sent him a text before my drink with Sally to warn him he should amuse himself for the evening.

Much later I joined Alan in our room. I uploaded the pics to my laptop and we spent a while studying them. I sat on his lap with his erection throbbing inside me while his hands played with my body and I talked him through the experience. The orgasms I had during this set me up wonderfully for our hour on the bed afterwards. There's some kinky synergy about me fucking women with him watching that turns me on very much and our sex when we review it like this is just sensational. It's not very conventional, and it's not something we need to do every day - but it works for us.