 Disclaimer: This is my first submission and I hope you enjoy it. This is not a quick, short story and is more about the plot than sex. I wrote this one a while ago, thanks to the suggestion of my partner. This story is true, but names and some of the job information has been changed to keep anonymity. 

I'm always open to feedback, good or constructive. So please feel free to comment or send me a message. I did edit this myself so there might be a few mistakes. I read it over this more times than I can remember but I'm human so chances are I've missed something. 

Thank you all and hope you enjoy! 

XXXOX 

***** 

Chapter 1 

What was I thinking? Here I was, sitting at my home contemplating life. I had it all. Literally, my life was perfect. A wonderful job, awesome friends, and the love of my life... or so I thought. Don't get me wrong, I still have my wonderful job and awesome friends. My love life, however. Well that's a shit show and trust me that is the nice way of putting it. Sitting here on my porch, drinking tea, thinking about where this all went wrong. When did I decide to throw it all away? And for what? A fairy tale? Or that kind of love that takes your breath away? Don't get me wrong I'm not naïve, I know that kind of love doesn't exist, or so I thought it didn't. I wasn't prepared for it, nor was I looking for it because as I said before my life was perfect.  

I suppose I should start from the beginning. My name is Madeline, Maddie for short. I'm 28, due to my strenuous workout and diet plan I am proud to say I have managed to keep my teenage figure, with little more curves. I weigh 117 pounds, I'm just under 5ft7in, I keep my hair just below shoulder length long, it's a light brown color, but looks a bit auburn in the sunlight, I have hazel eyes, that go perfectly with my long eyelashes. Thanks to a work softball league I stay tanned all year round. I am the senior VP for Micro Tech Industries, one of the largest software companies in the world. I grew up in Manhattan with just my mom. My dad walked out on us when I was 5 years old and never looked back. My mom said he couldn't handle the pressure of being with someone with her power, but I really think he thought he could never live up to her expectations and got out while he could. My mom is a wonderfully sweet woman, but you don't get to where she is by being passive and not demanding the very best. She is a high-power attorney with her own firm, dealing with corporate law mostly now. I went to the best schools' money could pay for and when I graduated high school with flying colors, I set my sights on college. 

I graduated from MIT with a degree in Computer Science and Engineering and then returned for my Masters in Business Analytics. As you might have guess I am a bit of a computer nerd. Not the kind that is socially awkward but yes, I would rather be building a computer than spending my time at some random on- campus party. I get out enough to have a social life but my number one focus is my studies. In college I met my fiancé, Henry. He is just as determined to take over the world as I am. He is in the Masters Philosophy Program. You might be thinking exactly what I thought, exactly how is he going to take over the world with a philosophy degree? Shouldn't those people be living in the woods spreading wisdom throughout a small town. Boy, was I wrong! When we met, it was not love at first sight. In fact, I thought he was arrogant and annoying. 

One fall day I was hanging out near the campus park with my friend Katie when Henry walked right up to me and said, "Hey girl, I'm gonna whisk you away with me." 

"That would be kidnapping and you're too much of a pretty boy to be in prison." Henry just looked at me and smiled. Katie and I walked away and didn't see him again for about a month. 

One day I was in the library studying for an exam and of course with mid-terms just around the corner it is crowded. "Can I sit here?" Henry asked. 

I just looked at him not remembering who he is, but being the polite person I am I said, "Sure." 

He didn't say anything else. We went back to studying, looking up at each other every so often. After about 2 hours of finally realizing if I read anymore, I would want to throw myself down the nearest flight of stairs. I started collecting my things. Henry looked up at me as if he wanted to say something but couldn't find the words. After about 10 seconds, Henry said, "Hey I'm done too, can I buy you a cup of coffee?" After thinking about it, I decided what the hell. I'm done for the day, plus coffee sounds amazing right now since this fall weather seemed more like winter. We gathered our things and began walking to a little coffee shop right off campus called The Big Cup. We didn't talk much on the walk. We were both lost in our own thoughts and since the wind chill was about 15 degrees, we did our best to hurry into this warm little coffee shop that most of the college students knew and hung out at. After ordering we sat down and began talking. 

"Are you from Massachusetts?" Henry asked. 

"Why do I look like a Massachusetts girl?" I responded with a smirk. 

"Do you always have to be a smartass?" 

"Ok I'm sorry, no I'm from New York." We began small talk and of course the conversation turned deeper. 

"Are you seeing anyone right now?" 

Geez he asks like a million questions. This guy is inquisitive. "No, not at the moment." 

This is when I really looked at him. He is handsome and about 6ft even, broad shoulders, muscular from his years of playing Rugby. He has sandy blonde hair and light brown eyes that a girl could get lost in. And his smile! The most perfect set of teeth I have ever seen. He's some nice eye candy if nothing else. But as it turns out he is smart and comes from a nice family. He has 3 older sisters all of whom are smart and successful in their careers. We talked until the place was closing. I didn't realize it had gotten so late, but in good company time can fly. Henry walked me back to my apartment just off campus. 

"Can I see you again sometime?" Henry asked. There he goes with another question. I figured I had nothing to lose but I am not looking for a relationship. 

"Yea, sure" is the only thing I had manage to say. 

We exchange numbers and said our goodbyes. Before I entered my apartment, Henry called out to me and I turned around "I'm sorry about the last time we spoke. I was full of myself and I know I came off as an asshole. I want you to know I have seen you around and I want to get to know you better. In any way you will allow." 

Just then I remember he's the jerk that tried to pick me up awhile back. I wonder if me blowing him off had anything to do with this change in attitude. I'd like to think so. He now seems sweet and genuine, for the first time ever I have butterflies in my stomach. "Thank you for the honesty and I'll talk to you soon." I respond and head towards my front door. 

As I walk inside I immediately feel the warm fireplace going thanks to my best friend and roommate for the past 6 years. I didn't see Katie immediately but I follow the music that leads me to her room. Seems like no matter what time it is she always has music playing and she's always awake. Based off Yiruma playing through her Bluetooth speaker, I guessed she was up studying. She's sitting at her desk reading a biology book. Katie is just two weeks older than I am, and almost the complete opposite of me. She is a Molecular Biology major. I know what you're thinking. It still screams nerd! She has black hair and deep blue eyes that turn dark blue when she's mad or if something intense happens. She is just an inch taller than I am and has a body to die for. I would kill for her 38 C cup breasts. I liked my 34 B cup, but hers made guys and girls turn their heads as she walked by. Her best feature though is her legs. They were long and toned, but not too muscular. They go well with her nice round ass. In a nutshell, she's gorgeous and knows it. But it is nothing compared to her personality. She's genuine, kind, and full of fire. She tells it exactly how it is and doesn't hide her emotions, plus she cusses like a sailor. 

"Where the hell have you been all day? I texted you but you didn't respond. I was about to send the search party." Katie said looking up from her book as I lie down on her bed like I always do. 

"I was at the library studying then I went for coffee with a new friend, I think." 

"New friend, huh? So, what's his name?" Katie asked, waiting for a response. 

"His name is Henry." 

"That really hot guy who tried hitting on you awhile back?" 

"Yes, that's the one" I said. "He seems sweet and I like him" I added. 

"Wow you like someone?! Hell has frozen over!" she laughed. I glare at her and she knew to ease off. "Well I'm glad you are giving him a chance. Maybe you'll be able to really give him a chance and let him take you to bed." Katie said wiggling her eyebrows and smiling. 

"Geez is your mind always on sex?" I say rolling my eyes. 

"Yes, yes, it is. Plus, you need a good stiff dick in your life. It'll help you not be so stuck up." 

Now I am not a prude in any way. I've had sex, great sex even. I just don't sleep around with everyone. I am selective in who I let take me to bed. Nothing worse than being labeled as the campus slut. Katie dates way more than I do. She doesn't sleep around a lot but there is certainly no shortage of guys for her. She had been dating Brad for over a year now and they seemed to have a pretty good thing going. And based off the sounds that come from her bedroom (even with the music) I'd say they were great in bed. 

"Katie, I think I really like him. He's smart and funny and oh so hot!" I say sincerely. 

"Well, just take it slow and go at your own pace. I know you. You don't fall easy but when you do you fall hard!" 

"Yes ma'am" I say and throw a pillow at her. She catches the pillow and throws it right back at me. We talk some more about how our days went and the classes we were stressed about. Around 3 I decided to turn in and let her study a bit more. I didn't have class until noon on Thursdays so I am able to sleep in. Katie however had a 9am class. Till this day, I don't know how she functioned with just a couple of hours of sleep. 

From that day on Henry and I are inseparable. When we aren't in class, we were hanging out at my apartment or his. He makes me feel special and can always make me laugh. He has a special way of getting me to see the good in everything. He is the bright spot in my life. I love him in every way possible and the sex is oh my god amazing! We have been seeing each other for about 7 months when I invite him home to meet my mom. Her approval means everything to me and I wanted her to meet the love of my life. For the first time since I can remember Katie and I were going to spend a month of our summer break apart. She's going backpacking through Europe with Brad and Henry and I are spending 2 weeks at my mom's and another 2 weeks with Henry's family in the Hamptons. 

"How are we going to survive without each other for a whole month?" Katie asked with a sad look on her face. 

"Oh, I'm sure you'll be fine. You and Brad will be fucking your way through Europe. You won't even think about me." 

"Now that is an adventure I could get used to." She laughs as she responds. 

We spent the night packing, listening to music, and talking about our vacation plans. The next day said our goodbyes and promised to FaceTime when we could. She was off on her adventure and I was off to mine. 

Chapter 2 

"Oh my God! Yes! Just like that! Shit!" I moaned as Henry sucked hard on my clit. His tongue continued lashing at my hard nub despite me moving and grinding against his face. He slowly stuck two fingers into my dripping pussy and played with my sensitive right left nipple. I completely lost it. "I'm gonna cum, I'm gonna cum! Oh God!" "Don't stop! Don't fucking stop!" Shaking uncontrollably, I felt as if my entire body was on fire as my orgasm ripped through me. I suppose a month or so of not having sex or masturbating will do that to a girl. 

"God you look so hot when you cum. I love the way your body responds to me." Henry says as he crawls up to me waiting for me to come down from my high. Henry suddenly flips me on my stomach and pulls me so my ass is in the air. He smacks my round, tight ass and I moan. He slowly sticks his hard cock inside of me, filling me up. We start in a rhythm that is hitting all the right spots for me. "Shit you feel so amazing Maddie. I've missed fucking you, touching you, and this ass." He runs his hands over my ass, smacking it once more. 

"Yes, this is all yours! Fuck me like you miss me!" Henry starts pounding into me harder and harder. 

"I'm gonna cum, Maddie. I'm gonna cum so fucking hard!" Henry's grunts get closer together. He thrusts a few more times and shoots his hot load into me. We collapse on the bed, both a sweaty mess. I lean into his chest, hearing his heart beating fast. We lay cuddled together, happy. 

"I've missed you so much. I hate it when you're away and I have to be in this huge house and bed by myself." I said not wanting to look up at Henry. I know he feels guilty every time he must leave, which is all too often. With his job as a private religious consultant for the government, he travels for months at a time, sometimes to dangerous places. I sit at home and worry about him constantly. Luckily, I have my job to keep me busy. After College Henry and I moved to Washington DC to start our life together. Here we were 3 years later, engaged and happy. Lying in each other's arms. 

"I know baby. I hate leaving just as much as you hate watching me leave, but this is the job and life we want. We are changing the world and making it better. Some sacrifices always have to be made for this." Henry says just above a whisper. 

Sacrifices like being lonely and feeling like something is still missing from my life. I think to myself but never mention to him. He's happy and content. I care too much about him to be selfish and ruin the little time we have together. "Hey, are you ready for tomorrow?" he asks pulling me from my deep thoughts. 

I look up at him, "Yes I am, I'm nervous though. Things haven't been the same with Katie since that summer her and Brad broke up. I'm glad her job relocated her so maybe we can become close again. Not that we aren't now, but it's different. She has her life and I have mine." 

"I'm glad she's here too. When I leave in a few days, she will be here to keep you company and hopefully get you out to enjoy this wonderful city. You haven't really been to many places." 

"This is true. You're right, I need to get out more. Outside of work I don't do much but workout and come home." 

"Well she will be here bright and early we should get some sleep. Goodnight baby, I love you." Henry says and kisses my forehead. 

"I love you too." I turn over and let him spoon me. We both fall into a deep and peaceful sleep. 

The next day came quickly. "Babe relax. I'm sure she's the same person we knew in college and she will be just as excited to see you." Henry said, massaging my shoulders through my yellow button up shirt as I prepare brunch. "I've made sure the table is ready and we have tons of champagne to get drunk and catch up." He added. 

I spent the first hour of my day searching my closet for the perfect outfit. I have such anxiety about today that I changed more times that I care to admit. Finally settling on what Henry said was the perfect outfit. I chose a canary yellow button up with a nice pair of jean shorts that hugged my ass and made it look irresistible. I could tell by the growth in Henry's pants that this was the outfit to settle on. "Down boy, we have company on the way." Henry laughs and heads downstairs. I don't know why I want to impress Katie. She's seen me in far less since we roomed together throughout our college years. 

The doorbell rings forcing us apart. Henry gets the door while I wipe off my hands and remove the apron I had on just to make sure I didn't waste anything on myself. "Oh my god Henry how have you been?" Katie asks excitedly, jumping into his arms for a hug. They got along well and I was always grateful for this. 

"I'm good and you? Please come on in!" Henry responds, ushering her through the door. 

"Oh, you know, same ole shit different city" she laughs. God, have I missed that laugh. 

She turns around and sees me. She practically runs into my arms for a hug. Her body melts into mine and we stay like this for about a minute. Telling each other how much we have missed one another and how glad we are to be in the same city. We finally part and I go to the kitchen to bring out the drinks. The table was ready and Henry did the honors of bringing the food to the breakfast table while Katie and I sat and started talking. 

"So how are you really? Have you found a new place to live? When do you start your new job?" I begin to ramble off questions that I've been wanting to ask for weeks. 

"Whoa slow down girly. I will tell you everything you want to know. I've found a place about 5 miles from here, it's not as big as your house but it has 3 bedrooms. One room I plan to turn into a studio workspace. I start my new job in 3 weeks, giving me time to relax and try to get the place together. I'm good, really good actually and I have some news." We sat there listening intently, waiting for this big news. She's pregnant. She doesn't look pregnant. She's finally settling down and getting married, but she would have brought him with her surly. I think impatiently waiting on her to reveal this news. 

She looks at me as if to know this is going to make me lose my shit and says, "Maddie, I'm gay. I've always been gay since and I'm done hiding. I love women and always have, I thought it was a phase and I would grow out of it but as I got older it just got stronger. I hope you understand this is who I am and accept me as your best friend still." 

I stare at the table in shock. Here we were drinking, eating, and enjoying each other's company just as we always had but everything is different. "What the fuck do you mean you're gay? You love men! You couldn't get enough dick back in college. This can't be! Katie, I don't even know who you are anymore!" I yell standing up glaring down at her. She stays seated not saying anything, looking hurt. I see tears start to form in her eyes. I need to get the hell out of here. I push the chair aside and run towards the back yard for some air. I hear Henry calling after me but I ignore his protests for me to come back and calm down. 

Once outside I take a deep breath and start replaying the last 10 years of my life out with Maddie. How could I not know? How could I have been so stupid? I guess she didn't trust me enough to confide in me as a friend. Then it hits me, it's not the fact that she's gay but she kept it from me. I've never kept a secret from her. She's the person I go to for everything. Even after all this time, she knows how I feel about everything. I sit down on the grass, trying to hold back the tears but they start coming. After a few minutes, I stop crying and just sit thinking about the so- called friendship we had that I thought was very special. 

I suddenly hear the back door opening, taking me out of my deep thoughts. Katie walks over and sits right beside me "Henry left to run some errands to give us a chance to talk." She says. 

I nod as if to say ok but could not find the word. I don't know how long we sat there, but it seemed as if neither of us could find the right words to start this conversation or we are both just too stubborn. Finally, Katie relented and looks over at me, taking a deep breath "Do you hate me?" She whispered, scared to hear my response. 
