 This is the final chapter of a story about discovery dissolving preconceptions. Two Muslim women find the courage and wisdom to embrace their lesbian relationship.

**********

Being 8 months pregnant my boss Clarice couldn't fit behind the steering wheel, so I drove her to our lunch meeting, to meet Maria Rios, who would cover for Clarice while she delivers her baby, due anytime now.

She waddled into the restaurant with me, and we made our way to the table, where I was introduced to Maria. I could see what attracted Clarice to her.

"So nice to meet you Zora. I've heard so much about you," said Maria.

"Nice to meet you," I said distrustfully. I was tentative about Maria, considering the conflict of interest of them being lovers.

Looking around the table, actually there were 4 water glasses. "Was there somebody else coming?" I asked.

I turned to see Haditha standing next to me. "Hello Zora," she said in her sweet voice.

"How did? What is she...?" I stammered. The blood went out of my head, and as if I had just seen a ghost. I was shocked, yet glad at the same time. I felt like crying, but I held it together.

"I am sorry to surprise you like this," Haditha said. She hugged me softly. It had been nearly a month since we met, the night she introduced me into lesbian kissing. I remembered her perfume scent Amoureaux.

Clarice explained "I had Maria track down at Haditha at that bar, Fingertips, since you mentioned her."

I was so upset I had to sit down. I blushed knowing that my secret lesbian escapade was undeniable since it was known to everyone here. I felt like a hypocrite, judging Clarice and Maria, yet harboring my own same-sex attraction. My new familiarity with lesbian women overcame my foolish prejudices.

"Haditha told me the whole romantic side of the story," Maria said smiling happily.

Haditha took my hand, saying, "I hope you are not angry. I really wanted to see you again, so I begged Maria, so she arranged the surprise today."

"Well, everybody was conspiring behind my back!" I laughed, trying to take the sting out of my bitchy remark. I thought about my modest clothes and hijab, and how wonderful she looked smiling at me. "Actually, Haditha...I am angry with myself. It is truly wonderful to see you again. I am sorry I have been avoiding you."

They all nodded their apologies as we sat down. Clarice told everyone that she is paying, so don't worry.

"Then in that case, I will order the most expensive food on the menu!" I declared, realizing that I had just been outed. In a funny way, it was a relief. Now I could realign my life.

"I'm not drinking anymore," said Haditha exclaimed, understanding that her getting drunk upset me the night we first met. I have never drank alcohol in my entire life.

"I am very proud for you! You did that for me?" I said, genuinely happy about that. Her inner strength to correct her own sins made me suddenly admire her. "It was brave of you...and bold to come along today," I said.

She replied "I can't be drinking in bars if I want to become a mother some day."

For the next several minutes she and I talked as if as we were the only people in the world.

"I knew you were special when you insisted on driving me home when I was drunk. And now, actually I quit drinking for myself. It was like you were my husband taking care of me. You inspired me to be better. You touched my heart."

"So when does a stern reprimand become romantic flirting?" I laughed.

"You know our culture. You were protecting me. And today, I hoped you would be happy to see me again," she said sweetly.

I extended my hand to hold hers, and smiled warmly. "Well, I am truly glad to see you again. Oh gosh you did you fingernails!"

"Thank you Zora for noticing. You are sweet. Do you like the color?"

They were bold red that matched her lipstick. I studied her face, and she beamed happiness back at me. The world stopped as we stared and smiled at each other silently for half a minute.

"Do you want to spend the afternoon with me?" Haditha asked. Instantly, I pictured myself naked in bed with her.

"Yes, and maybe kiss you again." I answered, surprising even myself, deciding that I couldn't walk away this time. I was mentally clearing my afternoon calendar. "Well, I don't have to go back to the office today. My kids have an afterschool private tutor, and get them by 6 to go home and fix dinner."

"Sounds lovely. We have all afternoon to play," said Haditha.

Though completely distracted, I turned my attention to Clarice talking about the study. Then she digressed to her artificial impregnation and renunciation of men.

After everyone ate, Maria said, "I better drive Clarice home, she looks exhausted," pointing to her face, and huge belly. "Do you mind giving Haditha a ride?" She was playing Cupid, aiming at me. I was happy to be hit with the arrow.

"I don't mind. I will take her home," I said, suspecting they arranged this. Haditha grinned knowingly as we said our goodbyes to Clarice and Maria.

Getting into my car, she leaned over and solidly French-kissed me before driving her to the house. As I realized how I would spend the afternoon with Haditha, instantly, my vagina was a puddle.

"We'll have fun," said Haditha in a sexy voice and innuendo.

She selected a romantic music on my car radio, and sang along sweetly. I parked in front of her house, seeing it for the first time in the daytime. It felt strange to come in for the explicit purpose of having sex with her. I felt like a teenager.

When she closed the door, she showed me a chair to put my purse upon. She kissed me again and again. "You are so sexy, baby. I am so glad you are here. This is a dream come true."

"Do you remember the night we met?" I asked her. "The waitress said we looked like sisters."

"Yes, but you have bigger tits!" she giggled. She kissed my neck and shoulders, rubbing her hands softly all over. I kissed her ear, which put her made her dizzy.

We embraced and kissed, while slowly undressing each other. We flipped our shoes by the door, then she unbuttoned my jacket, and blouse, exposing my luxurious lace bra. "Oh, this bra is divine!" she cooed while feeling me up.

She unsnapped my bra to display my breasts. Haditha gasped, "So lovely," and then kissed them avoiding the nipples at first, but finally sucking and biting.

"Keep your hijab on," she instructed me. "This will be so sexy." Then she unbuttoned my slacks and stuck her hand down the front. She inched her way onto my vagina. "Oh, you are soooo wet!"

"I can't help it," I said to encourage her more, as she wiggled a finger deeper into my labia. I scrunched eyes shut and start writhing my hips back at her hand.

Soon she had me naked, wearing only the hijab. "Oh my, you are so hairy down there! I wish I had a photo of this. You are so sexy!"

"Well, I couldn't predict that this would happen today, with you Haditha. I shave a little just the area the fits under the panties."

I wanted to see her naked body too, so I undressed her completely. She was lovely, with smooth olive skin, a shaved pussy, and purplish areola. I pinched her nipples hard.

"Ouch! Ha ha!" she laughed in mock outrage. She then navigated me to her sofa. Haditha spread my legs and kissed all the exposed areas. "I can smell you Zora! You are ready for me!"

"Oh don't embarrass me. But it is obvious that you have me very aroused, Haditha," I told her. "Eat me now!"

She plunged her face onto my exposed vagina. Then she inserted 2 fingers and rubbed them hard in my slit. Haditha varied her attack, demonstrating her expertise at bringing me up to each next level, and then cruelly backing off. She extended her wet tongue and broadly licked everywhere. "Ooooh," I cooed. "Yessss."

She sucked each rubbery labia into her mouth with a gurgling noise. The sexual tension was rising in me, feeling so wanton and craving the next level of joy.

My vision of heaven was approaching. I became woozy and tingly, as my breath became labored. Haditha focused on my clit then, circling it for minute, then sucking hard, then alternating back and forth, all the while fingering me rhythmically.

"Oooh, oooh, oooooh, mmmhh, yes! Oh, yes," I moaned awash with pleasure. "Oh, you are so good. This is so sweet. I've never felt like this."

My face was becoming warm as I shrieked, "AHH, AHH, AAaagghh," gasping for air. "OHH! OHH! OHH! OOOooohh!"

"I'm cumming! Oh Yeaassssss!" I wailed, before we both started giggling like girls.

We lay in a pool of sweat and cum, in the afterglow of my first lesbian orgasm. We laughed and chatted away in a playful pillow talk. "I never came like that before. I really don't think I ever came. Not like that!"

"Seriously? God I am so flattered. I am happy that I made you cum."

"I love it when you call me "baby", Haditha.

Inspired I kissed her ear again, and she became horny all over. I got on top of her and sucked her tits.

Then we talked again, evaluating how I should learn all the techniques playing with her pussy. We both giggled as I naively asked about eating, fingering and strap-on dildos. Haditha coached and educated me.

"If I was a man, I copulate with you twice and day until I impregnate you." I whispered. "You would have 10 children with me. I want to give you an orgasm right now."

And so I lay down on top of her, and smooshed my pussy into hers. I gyrated like that until our lips opened and our lubrication mingled. Soon our pussies were slurping against each other. Our hips found a rhythm, rotating and shoving.

"Our pussies are kissing," she said. "They call this tribbing. Beautiful, right?"

"Well my pussy loves your pussy," I purred.

Soon our clits had protruded out of their shells, and began poking and scratching each other. This was the most unbelievable sensation.

"Ooooh! That is so good. You are driving me crazy," said Haditha.

"You are crazy already, so that makes two of us."

I started hunching my pelvis harder at her. She was arching her back to pump at me. Our vaginas got even moister and the pressure was triggering waves of pleasure in us.

"Oooohhhh, God I am so close! Mmmmh I'm gonna cum. Keep pushing. Make me cum, baby," she implored.

"Unnh! Unnh, Unnh," I grunted urgently.

We both starting with squeaky squeals each time we slow exhaled, then urgently sucked air in again. I could feel a beautiful orgasm approach, and then wait, and then approach again.

My abdominal muscles starting giving out just as the waves rose again. "Mmm, I am going to cum!" I said, just as she flipped me over on the bottom and rode me. She was pumping and pounding and our clits violently collided again and again. "Oh, Oh, Oh! Yeessssss! OH, OH, UUUNNNHH!"

We both popped off together in synchronized mutual orgasm, which lasted several minutes.

I looked at her clock and saw we had been making love for nearly 3 hours. I was thinking about my kids, and dinner. But most of all I was thinking of when I could come over again and have wonderful lesbian sex with her.

"Do you like fucking women?' Haditha asked, grinning at me. It hit me wrong, so we had our first lover's fight.

"Don't smirk at me, Haditha! NO!! Not just any or every woman...only one...just YOU! Don't trifle with me, and think you should keep your options open. You have made me a lesbian, against all preconceptions on my part." I shouted, suddenly angry with her. "YOU are my woman. This is not experimentation or trivial lust. This is transcendent divine love. I am involved in carnal sin, jeopardizing my soul to love you with all my heart. I can live my whole life without orgasms, but not without you. If you are injured or sick I will not abandon you. Do you understand?"

"I am sorry, so sorry! You're right," Haditha said. "Another stern reprimand! I've just never had anybody really fall in love with me. I promise you, that I will always love you with my whole soul."

"Since we are both of us are jealous, and then we must be faithful. Yes Haditha... I think I have fallen in love with you," I confessed.

"Oh you are so sweet, Zora. I am also in love with you. Remember, it was I who chased after YOU. It was love at first sight for me, even though you were straight, and nobody would predict I'd have a chance with you."

We kissed for several minutes before I broke the love-making session off for the day.

"Listen Haditha, Sorry...I have to go home and take care of my children and make dinner. I will come back to your place early tomorrow morning. I can arrive late to work, and we can share a nice morning...in bed."

Haditha kissed deeply and said, "I know you have to go right now, but now I am going to have you every day."

*************

So we lived in our secret love for a couple of weeks until my husband went on a very long business trip to Dubai and Cairo for 3 weeks. Before he left, I had to endure unloving sex with my husband twice. I vowed never to tolerate his perfunctory slamming home again.

Once I had the house to myself, Haditha stayed with me the whole time. She and I made love twice a day like it was our little honeymoon. I learned how to eat pussy, and many wonderfully dirty things from my wise lover.

It made me glad to finally find romance in my lifetime. I vowed that one day Haditha and I would buy a brand new mattress that only we had used.

Haditha did so much housework that I could relax and enjoy time with the kids. The children learned to love her and called her Aunt Haditha.

We shared our stories of ours families and growing up. She told me that Khadija was her sister-in-law, so I shouldn't worry.

During that time Clarice's baby came. We visited her at the hospital, and both held the precious infant. "I told you we'd laugh about you going to Fingertips one day! Everything worked about for the best. You two look very happy together." Haditha wanted a baby more than ever.

Several weeks into my time together with Haditha, my husband's credit card statement arrived by mail at the house and I opened it. There were many ridiculous charges on the statement, meals and entertainment. There was one charge from Ibiza, which made me I became convinced he was sleeping around. I was angry momentarily, but it actually considered it was a good thing, so I could leave him. I feared a legal fight over the kids, but was confident that now I would win that battle.

That day I didn't feel well, and that actually lasted the whole last week, a little nauseous anticipating his arrival a week away. Maybe it was nerves or allergies.

*************

Early one Saturday morning, as Haditha and the kids were still sleeping, I got up to go buy a few groceries. She had slept in one of my nightgowns without any panties. I left her as she snoozed with her beautiful fleshy ass jutting out of the covers invitingly.

When I was in the grocery checkout line I got a text from my husband. "I am home early from the trip. My Uber is 2 minutes away from the house!"

WHAT??!! He wasn't supposed to come yet! I froze and didn't answer the text. OH NOOOO!

As I was stuck in the store paying for my groceries, I dialed Haditha..."Pick up...Pick up. Oh God. Get out of the bed!" but she never answered. I called the house phone as well, but...nothing. I rushed with my plastic bags to the parking lot, continuing to call.

Panicking, I drove a little crazy. I got home 12 minutes later, and decided to keep the groceries in my car. I ran inside to see whatever confrontation there may have been.

I unlocked the front door and there was Haditha standing at the front door. She whispered, "He thought I was you. I was sound asleep and felt someone stroking my ass and shoulder. I was so groggy that for a minute I thought it was you, until the hand passed between my legs. Omigod, Zora. He entered me... I am so sorry."

"Shit," I cursed, so out of character. "So, he raped you? Where is he now? I will kill him!"

"Well, I wouldn't say rape! He never figured it out. I just kept quiet, and lay there silently. He is in the shower now. He doesn't know it was me, and it is best to keep it that way. For all he knew, he was screwing his own wife, in his own bed."

"What?? Really? I can't stand him anymore," I spat with contempt. "He probably slept with whores in Europe for all I know. Business shouldn't take more than a week. I never trusted him."

"He screwed me from behind, never looked at my face or kissed me. It took me a minute even to wake up and realize what was happening."

"But you were uh...a virgin before this, right?" I asked, too distraught to be sensitive.

"Well, not totally because I've had dildos and vibrators, but no...I never actually slept with a man in my life," confessed Haditha, uncomfortable with me questioning or judging her.

"I am not accusing you Haditha. I am sorry. This is a difficult topic, y'know... I accept what you say ...everything."

"Well, whatever...I just can't believe he thought it was me! And that he didn't even recognize my body, compared with yours!" she explained. "He just did it. Wham bam!"

I was pacing, thinking about the situation with my husband. I said, "This could have been such a disaster. We have to hurry and get you out of here. I'll collect your things to hide in my and bring them to you later."

"But this must divine intervention! What if I get pregnant?" Haditha declared. "In a strange way...it is as if you impregnated me! We won't know for a month."

"Maybe this is for the best, if you become pregnant. Inshallah," I muttered.

Haditha grabbed her purse, and one of my coats, and took off in her car. I ran to the room to collect all of her stuff, and hid it all under the bed in the guest room, just in time for my husband to emerge from the shower.

He said, "How did you like your little wake-up surprise this morning, Zora?"

I played along.

And soon he just collapsed into sleep suffering jetlag. He slept for the next 6 hours. I was able to cover all my tracks. He never suspected...but within weeks I left him. It is none of his business if I became a lesbian.

EPILOGUE

Weeks later, I shockingly realized that my mild episodes of nausea were from being pregnant again. I was actually happy in some ways, even though I would have to financially support all the children until the divorce is final, plus this baby would be so much younger than their brother and sister. We all would make new family bonds with Haditha.

She was overjoyed with the news. My dirty mind wandered to imagine sex while lactating, which also excited Haditha, too.

My lawyer said I had to tell my husband about being pregnant, but I waited until I moved into Haditha's house. I took the kids to grow up with us. I didn't give him the address.

Several weeks later Haditha informed me that she also was pregnant. Our babies will grow-up together in our loving family with 2 mothers. What could be better?

***********

We published the study demonstrating that especially for women over 30, both love and sex are needed increase fertility. For older women, fertility hormones can help, but strong libido or happy romance are nearly as good, and you won't get surprise triplets.

A woman's anatomy is to give life. If that is separated from love and pleasure, it can become meaningless obligation. Healthy loving sex is beautiful.

Sex is a muscle that needs exercise. I believe that lesbian sex with Haditha allowed me to get pregnant again.

Before Haditha came into my life, I was comfortable in by unhappiness and drudgery. She provoked passion and change.

A year and a half later, Haditha and I both have healthy infants, just one month apart. After divorcing whats-his-name, I have become the lesbian husband, and Haditha is my lesbian wife. We are planning an official wedding in the near future.
