 I always smile whenever I see Dolores Chavez, knowing the illicit behavior she has coaxed from others. For many years, she was the "Queen" of our school district, and in her role as President of the Parent-Teacher Association, she loved having sex with women.

Were these naughty habits common knowledge? Not at all. To most people in the school district, Dolores was a role model, a fearless leader, and a former local news anchor in the primetime hour. 

To a select few, however, Dolores was known as a lady who loved being rimmed, sucked, and licked. In exchange, she always made sure her allies reaped the same benefits. That dynamic gave her a perverse sense of power.

However, there's one particular instance that comes to mind when Dolores might have taken things a bit too far. It involved a new volunteer mom who had just joined the PTA. 

The two women are at opposite ends of the spectrum in many respects. 

Dolores Chavez is a voluptuous and fit Latina, whose commanding personality makes her a natural leader. With the sway of her hips, her body became a weapon and people would fall at her feet. Craving the limelight, she never fails to be the center of attention. 

Heather Wilson, on the other hand, is a blond-haired, blue-eyed sweet soul with an engaging Southern accent. An ever-present smile, combined with her inherent charm, make her irresistible. She never seeks the spotlight, because it's naturally focused on her. A church-going mom, her beauty and tender heart are a perfect match.

Predictably, there were worlds apart in the bedroom as well. But not for long.

Here's what happened... 

Dolores was home alone one morning, putting final touches on her well-kept appearance. Her husband had gone to work and the kids were at school. Although currently a housewife, she remained busy with an array of important obligations to her community.

As a prominent woman, she enjoyed looking the part. She gazed at her reflection, after putting on makeup, and saw perfection. The flared red skirt hugged her curves in just the right way, which was why she favored that style. And the white v-neck knit top revealed just the right amount of cleavage. 

The doorbell rang, just as she finished and was prepared to depart. Opening the door, she saw her new neighbor carrying a plate of pastries.

"Morning," Heather beamed, radiantly. "Is this a good time? I don't want to be a bother."

Now this was a woman Dolores would welcome anytime. Heather was cute with her blonde hair in a loose ponytail She wore a conservative knee length plaid skirt and a polo shirt open just enough to highlight a cross hanging prominently from her neck.

Dolores smiled, "Oh, you're no bother at all. I was just about to leave, but I have time for coffee if you want to join me."

"That would be great," Heather answered appreciatively, holding up the plate of pastries. "Coffee works well with these. Freshly baked from my oven."

"I'm in luck," Dolores purred. 

The dark haired sexy woman and her blonde conservative neighbor sat down for a quick breakfast together in the kitchen, sipping hot coffee and nibbling fresh pastries.

Dolores first met Heather shortly after she moved in, while delivering a welcome basket. Recently, they met again at the last PTA meeting, when Heather attended as a new member. This was the first occasion they had to speak privately.

"Sorry for barging in like this," Heather said, after sipping coffee. "Not to sound like a stalker, but I can see your routine through my window every morning. So I figured this would be a good time to catch you."

"You're an angel," Dolores said, between taking a bite of the delicious blueberry scone. "With sweets like this, you're free to come over any time." 

Heather winked, "I was the head pastry chef at a five-star hotel before moving here. But I'm thinking of starting my own catering business."

"I recall you mentioning that last week. If you ever start your own business, rest assured, I'll be your first customer." 

"That's very kind," Heather said. "Actually, that's why I stopped by. I'm not usually this forward, but I was hoping for more of a leadership position in the PTA."

"Oh?"

"I am totally committed to this school system and really want to help out. And, well... everyone just gushes about your amazing fundraising skills. Our church is going to need a new roof soon and I feel a personal calling to help raise funds. Hopefully, I can convince you to share your techniques with me."

"Oh, my techniques are unparalleled," Dolores said with confidence, swallowing her smile.

While maintaining her composure, highly explicit images swirled in her head. Dolores pictured Heather in compromising positions, while performing naughty sexual tricks. Of course, it would be a challenge to loosen up this innocent, unsuspecting religious woman. But Dolores was completely confident it could be done and would be worth the investment of time. It would be a new frontier in her exploration of human sexuality.

"With my culinary skills, I'm certain we'd make an amazing team. I'd love to be of service to you."

Service? Oh yes... Dolores could come up with very creative ways for Heather to service her.

Exerting a great deal of restraint, Dolores nodded slowly. "I'm sure there are many ways I can put you to work."

Complex calculations were performed in Dolores's mind as she figured out how to proceed with the neighborhood church mom. She squirmed in her seat, trying to stem the flow of natural lubrication she produced at the thought of mentoring this devoutly religious woman.

"So..." Heather remarked, politely. "You seem a bit reluctant. I'm not stepping on any toes, am I? I know you have plenty of volunteers."

"Well, it's just that we run a big operation. This is a major school district and it's a tightly run ship. As you know, we are the best performing school in the state because of the top-down hierarchy under Principal Myers. Without her guidance, we'd have chaos."

"Oh. That makes sense."

"Trust me," Dolores said. "A lot of people try to exert influence when it comes to the school system. If everyone had their way, it would be pure madness. In fact, before being educated by Principal Myers, I was one of those arrogant types."

"Gosh, I hope you don't think I'm being pushy," Heather gasped, with a touch of shame.

"Not at all! I think you're sweet, just like your pastries."

Dolores looked her in the eyes and licked a blueberry. 

"Is there anything I can do to stand out?" Heather asked. "I mean, to jump ahead in the hierarchy? Or does everything go by seniority? Sorry, I'm totally new to this. I've never been part of a PTA."

Dolores smiled, "The good news is that we're always looking for fresh talent."

"If there's good news, there must be bad news, too."

"I wouldn't say there's bad news, but with a district as big as ours, we need people we can trust. Loyalty is a necessity."

"This sounds like serious business," Heather responded, surprised by the frank nature of the discussion.

"The PTA and the school administration deals with large amounts of money. Cash flows in many directions at the same time. There have been issues with embezzlement in the past, which is why we have to perform our due diligence."

"Yikes. That makes sense."

"I'm glad you understand," Dolores said politely, before taking another bite.

"So, have I officially overstepped my bounds and made a fool of myself?"

Dolores pretended to think for a moment. "On the contrary, I can think of a perfect position for you, but maybe not the one you were expecting."

"Really? How exciting!" Heather responded, buoyantly. "What position?"

"It all depends. How well can you keep secrets?"

Heather gestured that her lips were sealed. "My church work has really made me very discreet. And at my previous job, I managed a large budget. This is nothing new to me. I'm easily trained."

Dolores nearly climaxed on the spot. "You sound up for this challenge. I'll tell you what, I need to visit Principal Myers in her office. While I'm there, I'll see if we can squeeze you in. Would you like that?"

Heather's eyes lit up. "That's wonderful. God bless you."

"Oh, it's nothing," Dolores blushed. "Squeezing you into a new position would be entirely my pleasure. You are just too sweet. I could almost eat you up."

The women smiled at each other and finished the rest of their wonderful breakfast. After Heather left, Dolores promptly changed her wet panties. 

***

It was mid-afternoon on a Saturday and Dolores swung by the school on official business. There were flyers which needed to be copied and distributed. Most of the staff members had already left and the building was just about to close.

Tina, the extremely helpful and vibrant young secretary, was the only person remaining in the administrative office.

"Sorry I'm late!" Dolores said, hustling into the administrative area while her expensive heels clicked on the floor. "Busy-busy all day."

Tina was eager. "The important thing is you're here. Oh, and Principal Myers sends her apologies. She was called away at the last minute to look at a venue for a field-trip. She can still be reached by phone call or text."

"Darn it. I was looking forward to meeting with her in private. Oh well, can you give me a hand with something?"

"Anything at all," Tina said enthusiastically. 

They worked together at the copy machine, printing a stack of new flyers for the upcoming dance and fundraiser to be held the following month.

"Looks like fun," Tina said, reading the printouts.

"It always is," Dolores said. "Speaking of fun, you remember Heather Wilson, don't you? She's the new PTA member, always wears a cross and dresses like a Catholic school girl."

"The pretty blonde who brought in the peach cobbler last week?"

"That's her."

"She's very, very lovely."

"I agree," Dolores replied. "How do you feel about her joining our group?"

Tina gasped. "Our work-group? Or our group-group?"

"The group in which you lick my asshole," Dolores smiled.

"Oh my. Wow! There's a shocker. To be perfectly honest, she's so straight-laced and proper, I didn't think she was the type."

"Well, I didn't see you as the type when this started," Dolores joked.

Tina blushed. "I know, but still. Is Heather actually going to join?"

"Only if the Principal agrees."

Turning their attention back to the copy machine, they printed and sorted pages into the proper folders.

Tina suddenly looked shy. "Dolores... I've been waiting all day for something tasty, and it's definitely better than Heather's peach cobbler."

"Professionalism means putting work first. Now that we're done, I think you've earned your reward."

Dolores stroked Tina's cheek with affection. Then she reached beneath her own skirt and pulled down her panties. While preparing to get her asshole tongued by the talented secretary, Dolores had an epiphany.

"You're supposed to turn around for this," Tina joked.

"I just thought of something," Dolores grinned wickedly. "I want you to eat Heather's ass, too. Use your special tongue to make her cum. Show her your prowess."

Shock registered on the poor secretary's face. Over the past year, this had been their little secret. Tina had worked hard, checked and double-checked, to make sure no one ever knew about this. After all, she was a 'good girl,' and good girls aren't supposed to eat ass.

"It might be risky bringing a PTA mom into our circle," Tina said, with great uncertainty.

"Don't forget, I'm a PTA mom too. And there are other PTA moms you don't even know about who do this. Secrecy is critical. Now, be a good girl, get on your knees and pleasure me. I need to make a phone call."

"Working overtime does come with perks," Tina said, laying eyes on her Latina lover's womanly curves.

Tina sank to her knees and Dolores turned around to lean on the office desk. While preparing for an exquisite rim job, she grabbed her phone. It was the perfect time to make this particular call.

Dolores flipped through her list of contacts. Although definitely in the top echelon of the circle, she still needed approval from her 'boss.' 

Before calling the number, Dolores reached back and smacked her left butt cheek. The flesh on flesh clap echoed throughout the room.

"Since you're so verbal today," Dolores said, "send your talented tongue deep into my ass. Give it a French kiss."

Tina nodded and felt a rush of fluid from her pussy. She love it when Dolores ordered her around. "Yes, ma'am."

"Good girl."

Dolores felt Tina's delicate hands gently knead her muscular ass cheeks in preparation. Then very slowly, the kinky secretary spread the glorious globes to reveal the ultimate prize. 

Meanwhile, Dolores called Principal Ashley Myers and told her everything. She laid out a plan, the pros and cons, along with benefits and potential dangers.

They spoke in code and vague generalities because the Principal was with other people who were outside of their secret circle. 

Suddenly, a warm, wet tongue filled her hole. While getting tongued by the naughty secretary, Dolores listened attentively as her 'boss' spoke. 

"I got it," Dolores replied to the Principal. "Yes... Yes... I understand... Actually, as a matter of fact, I am. Yes... that's Tina behind me. Yes, understood. I'll see you Monday morning, Principal Myers. Maybe then I'll have a chance to pay my respects to you. Take care, Principal Myers."

The call ended and Dolores took a second to enjoy the swirling motions inside in her asshole. She moaned.

Tina briefly pulled out her tongue. "What did she say?"

"You're about to find out," Dolores replied. "I'm calling Heather now to tell her the good news. Keep it quiet. No loud sucking or slurping sounds. We wouldn't want to scare Heather away before making an official invitation."

Again, Dolores flipped through her contacts and found Heather's number. It took a few rings before there was an answer.

"Hey there," Heather greeted over the line.

"Good afternoon," she replied. "Is this a good time to chat?"

"Absolutely. What can I do for you?"

"I'll keep it brief," Dolores said, as the secretary's tongue plunged further into her asshole. "First of all, your peach cobbler and pecan pie? Oh. My. God. You were right. Everybody just loved them."

On the other end of the line, Dolores could practically hear Heather gasp, revealing her excitement.

"That means the world to me," Heather said proudly. "Thank you!"

"I've spoken to Principal Myers about your willingness to take a greater role in the PTA. We both agree; we can really use a woman like you."

"I'm beyond thrilled."

"Of course, it comes with great responsibilities," Dolores said. "You'll be given more tasks, more jobs, more duties. But a lot of your new duties will be rather flexible in terms of time and positioning."

As Tina's tongue swirled in her asshole, Dolores's toes curled and propelled her to balance on the tips, like a ballerina. Her muscular butt cheeks clenched so tightly that Tina practically had to gasp for air.

"That's good news," Heather said. "My free time comes and goes. I like staying busy."

"Super! All that's left is the initiation."

"Okay! Just tell me when and where."

Dolores slowly licked her eager lips. "You're coming to the PTA meeting tomorrow at 5 pm, right?"

"I wouldn't miss it for the world."

"Come a little earlier. Let's say 4 pm, so we'll have plenty of time to ourselves."

"Perfect. I'll bring more pastries, since they seem to be a hit with everyone."

"That's wonderful," Dolores replied. "Bring the ones with cream and custard. I was hoping you'd do that because... oooooohhhhh!!"

"Is something wrong?"

Dolores reached down and playfully smacked the secretary on her head for biting the delicate anal tissue. Because it felt so good, Dolores never failed to audibly react when Tina nibbled.

"Oh no, everything is fine," Dolores replied. "I had a little cramp from all the squats I did at the gym. Anyway, arrive here at 4 pm tomorrow. I need some alone time with you."

"As a former Sorority girl," Heather stated, "I appreciate ceremonies. They make things more official."

"You'll definitely enjoy a position in my inner-circle," Dolores said. "It's all very hush-hush. Which means you can't tell anyone. It avoids gossip."

"My lips are sealed. I know how catty things can get."

"You see, we make a great team already."

Heather laughed. "I look forward to our meeting. I have to run now. My in-laws are coming for dinner, and I need to get ready."

"Have a lovely day, sweetie."

The call ended and Dolores smiled. Now, Tina was able to be as loud as she wanted. Sucking and slurping noises filled the room.

"Exactly as I thought," Dolores said.

Tina kissed the round butt cheek. "Will I be eating Heather's ass, too?"

"Darling, I'll make sure you're happy. Now make me cum. Talking to Heather really has me worked up."

She leaned on the table and enjoyed the oral pleasure she was receiving in her favorite little spot. 

***

Heather Wilson had a demanding day. She attended her son's soccer game, but while sitting in the bleachers, was occupied by her phone. Plans for her new catering business were moving at the speed of light and she was beyond thrilled.

Once that was done, she rested at home until the PTA meeting. Though sweet natured, Heather was far from naive. She had heard about the cutthroat world of the PTA. Surely she'd be protected by a goddess like Dolores?

The parking lot was practically empty when she arrived at the school. After making sure the coast was clear, she checked her appearance in the rearview mirror. She always tried to look her best, but for Dolores, she wanted to be perfect. If she was honest with herself, she found Dolores to be extremely attractive.

All her adult life, she had figured that if she were to find another woman sexually appealing, it would be someone like Dolores. There was something alluring about that bronze skin and those voluptuous hips. 

After touching up her appearance, Heather stepped out of her car and walked into the administrative area, carrying a generous box of fresh pastries.

The place was silent. It was eerie being in such a large place, with no one else in sight. The silence was finally broken when a door opened.

"There you are!" Dolores said, her head peeking out of the Principal's office. "Right on time, as always."

Heather waved and headed over.

"Hey there! Is Principal Myers with you?"

Dolores shook her head. "Nope. It's just us for now. Well, the secretary is here, too. She had a quick errand to run down the hall, but she'll be back. I'm counting on her for something important."

"How nice," Heather smiled, then held up the box of pastries. "I'll bring these in so we can have an early taste test."

Being in the office of the powerful Principal Myers felt surreal, especially since the Principal was absent. Heather took a moment to appreciate all the awards hanging on the walls and wondered why they were in that particular workspace.

Even more surprising, she watched Dolores casually sit in the Principal's chair and lean back like this was all so normal!

"Have a seat," Dolores said like she was the boss.

Heather timidly sat in front of the desk, with an uneasy smile on her face. She also placed the box of fresh pastries on the desk.

"Is this my job interview?" Heather joked.

"Actually, it is, in a strange way. Shall I get straight to the point?"

"Please do. I'm quite eager."

Dolores grinned. "As I'm sure you understand, securing loyalty and trust often involves a mutual exchange. You'll get secrets, but I need something in return."

"Like collateral."

"That's basically it."
