 I first met Mindy two years ago when she was hired to be the new English teacher. As I should have expected, her wonderful breasts would lead her to a sexually charged relationship with our most notorious power-hungry PTA mom.

It was mid-December at the time. Most people think that schools close down completely during the winter break, but that's not true. There are plenty of important tasks to be done to ensure that the train runs smoothly come January.

Most teachers flee the school grounds like bats out of hell when a long break comes around. Not Mindy. She had just gone through a divorce and her job had become therapeutic for her. It was her way of keeping her mind busy to deal with the emotional stress. Her ex-husband had custody for the next few days, which left her with a long stretch of alone time.

To paraphrase something she once told me, "He cheated. I was broken. He was sexually charged with having a mistress. Not a wife. I realized that... is there really love? Or just someone's inner kinks?"

Anyway, she showed up on campus early one Thursday morning. Only a few of the usual staff members were around. Whenever she arrived she'd exchange the usual 'hellos' and 'good mornings' with them, and take part in whatever light-hearted banter that was going on. 

Principal Ashley Myers was in her office with the door closed, tending to one phone call after another. Being the Principal of this school was a highly demanding job.

Later, Mindy sat alone in her classroom. With no students around, she settled in a vacant desks. She sometimes helped with administrative work. State testing was in the Spring, so that day she was preparing lessons for January.

While in a state of deep thought, she heard the sound of heels clicking on the hallway floor. She had become accustomed to the sound of the latest edition Jimmy Choo heels which clicked through the halls every once in a while.

"Morning," Dolores called, knocking twice on the side of the door. She was holding a small box in her other hand.

It was always a pleasure seeing Dolores Chavez. She was a PTA power mom extraordinaire and always managed to be at the center of everything. In fact, she had recently been named President of the Parent-Teacher Association. Some parents called her "Dolores, the PTA Queen" behind her back.

"Here, have one," Dolores said, placing a cupcake on Mindy's desk. "I made it this morning. It tastes rich but with none of the excess calories."

Mindy could smell Dolores's perfume. The cupcake smelled delicious too.

"Yum. I'll enjoy it with another round of coffee later. Thanks!"

"You're working hard," Dolores said.

"It's my job."

Dolores gave a sympathetic nod. "I know it's not my place, and really none of my business, but Ashley told me everything. I'm so sorry. I can only imagine how tough it must be."

Her personal situation swirled into her head once again, but Mindy appreciated the kind gesture nonetheless. Having friends who cared was important.

But still, she had assumed that Ashley would have kept her private affairs to herself. She hadn't expected it to be shared, least of all with the PTA boss! Be that as it may, Mindy was pleased to have her circle of friends grow. She smiled up at Dolores.

"You're very sweet," Mindy said. "You truly are."

"Is there anything I can do for you?"

"I'm fine," Mindy smiled. "My work is my therapy. And it's always nice being around you and everyone else here. You have all been so welcoming."

Dolores rubbed her shoulder as she turned towards the door. "We'll talk more later. I have a 10 am appointment with Ashley. You know how tight the Principal's schedule is, even at this time of year."

"I know, right? She's a workaholic."

"Which is why she needs some relief," Dolores said suggestively, then pointing to her box of cupcakes.

Their little morning banter ended and Mindy found herself doing something surprising, almost shocking. She couldn't stop herself from checking out the Latina mom's butt as she walked away, hips swaying from side to side, her luscious backside on full display.

It was a guilty pleasure to look at, Mindy thought.

After those few seconds of taboo indulgence, she went back to work. Since she had all the time in the world, she took her time as she developed her lesson plans, occasionally flipping through her phone to tend to text messages.

***

It was 30 minutes later, Mindy needed a break. And not the kind of break that would normally happen in a working environment. The coffee and cupcake would have to come after.

Mindy's breasts were aching. She had pumped early that morning and now she needed another round of relief. Her breasts felt heavy and full, like balloons that were overfilled. They were small, but at the moment they packed a seriously milky punch.

She had a breast pump and a cup in her satchel. She also brought a bunch of paper towels from home. She took them out and sat on the couch against the wall. For the past few days she had been able to pump her breasts undisturbed there.

Just before she whipped her tits out, she heard those Jimmy Choo heels clicking on the hallway tiles. 

Dolores popped her head into the classroom and smiled. "Your Principal can be a real feisty one. I'll tell you that. I don't know how you survive working with her throughout the school year."

"Whatever it takes," Mindy joked back. "Trust me, things can get hectic and we need a strong leader."

Dolores entered the room, but this time, something seemed different about her. Her usually tight ponytail of luscious black hair was now a bit looser. It was like her hair had been ruffled. Her red lipstick seemed fainter, almost as if much of it had been smeared off. And her clothes seemed disheveled, as if she had pulled them on quickly and didn't have a chance to smooth them out. 

Mindy didn't give it much thought. 

"I just wanted to swing by again to apologize," Dolores said. 

"For what?"

"I shouldn't have brought up your personal life. Ashley just told me that it was supposed to be a secret. But don't worry, she certainly chastised me for having a big mouth."

Mindy gave a polite smile. "It's fine, really. It's always good to get things off my chest and talk. I appreciate it."

"Wonderful. And please don't be upset with Ashley. It slipped out during a conversation the other day. Like I said, I've already been chastised for being a Gossip Queen. I deserved it."

Dolores gave a little smile and seemed amused that she had been 'chastised' by the Principal. It was pretty obvious that the 'chastisement' must have been playful, whatever it was.

"I know the Principal is good at discipline," Mindy joked, playing along. "I see her in action on a regular basis."

Dolores gave a coy smile. "Lucky you. And I'm glad you aren't upset about our gossip. She told me something else a moment ago."

Another slip-up? Mindy was beginning to wonder just how much gossip actually went around at this school. Sure, she was used to gossip. It happened everywhere. But this was getting a little ridiculous.

"Oh? What did she say?"

"Your nipples," Dolores said firmly.

Mindy's jaw nearly dropped. "My nipples?"

"Your lactation situation, I mean."

Mindy blushed. The thing about her nipples was something she had only confided to her doctor and the Principal; both were women she trusted with her secrets.

He nipples had been sensitive all her life. They had always been rather long and suckable. Admittedly this was quite a sight given how small breasts were. With milk now in the equation, and the constant pumping and nursing she needed to do, they appeared to be in constant soreness.

"Oh, that?" Mindy said finally, slightly embarrassed. "It's something I'm learning to handle. My doctor has given me some tips and there's plenty to read online."

Dolores took a few steps closer, almost seductively. "Well, that's exactly why Ashley told me about your situation today."

"You have experience in the matter?"

"A plethora of experience. May I have a seat?"

"Please do," Mindy said, gesturing to the seat beside her.

She moved the breast pump and other supplies to her side, and out of Dolores's way.

"Don't be shy with that," Dolores said, eying the pump. "Actually, may I see it?"

"Sure, I suppose. It's clean, I washed it this morning."

Mindy handed the pump to Dolores, who thoroughly inspected it.

"This model is kind of old," Dolores said, giving the device a once-over. 

"My sister gave it to me. She used it years ago."

"Well that's part of your problem. Pumps are not all the same. Different women may need different types of pumps. I'm confident that we can find a resolution for your problems."

Mindy blushed a little and smiled politely. All her life she was used to being hit on by men with their suggestive comments and leering eyes. She knew all the signs. Could Dolores be hitting on her? It certainly felt that way... 

"I guess I'll have to invest in a new pump," Mindy replied, still smiling. "I should have done that a while ago."

"Leave that to me. I'll order one for you. My treat for the holidays."

"You're very sweet."

"I want us to be friends," Dolores said in a matter-of-fact way. "The same way I'm friends with the Principal. As you can tell, I'm around here a lot. And since you're a new teacher who's actively involved in extracurricular activities, it only makes sense that we have a great working relationship."

Mindy nodded slowly. "I am interested in getting more involved with the PTA moms and what not."

"Exactly my point," Dolores smiled. 

"Part of that relationship means that we can be open with each other. That we help each other with whatever needs or concerns may arise, whether it's PTA-related or not."

Mindy knew that something was up. It was a bit odd that this power PTA mom, who was well known for making everything about herself, was suddenly so generous with her time and support.

Dolores's face was something to behold. She was positively beaming. Like all she was offering was her selfless assistance.

"What did you have in mind?" Mindy asked, curious now.

"I can help with your milk and sensitive nipples."

Mindy managed to stay composed. "They're doing fine, but thank you for the offer."

"I insist," Dolores replied with a sparkle in her eyes. "In fact, they're orders from the boss."

"Ashley?"

"Principal Myers told me to swing by your office again. She wants my relationship with you to be -- how should I say this -- more informal. She wants me to take care of you. I suppose it's your reward for working so hard. The Principal also admires your character and how you're coping with everything."

Suddenly, things were becoming clearer. Mindy took a second look at Dolores's imperfect hair, slightly smeared lipstick, and slightly disheveled clothes. Dolores was a woman who always appeared impeccable, except after paying a visit to the Principal's office.

It couldn't be, could it?

"Are you sleeping with Ashley?" Mindy blurted out, as if the words randomly jumped out of her mouth. 

Dolores laughed. "I wouldn't say that."

"Then what would you say?"

"I'll get into that another time. I'm sworn to secrecy and I need approval to divulge that sort of information."

"I'm sorry for asking that," Mindy said, snapping out of it. "That was so rude of me."

"It's a fair question," Dolores replied. "I've actually heard that other PTA moms think that I do special things for the Principal to garner favors. I mean, can you imagine?"

"I'm familiar with the rumor mill around here. Trust me. I've never heard that rumor about you and Ashley. But anyway, I'm so sorry. This conversation really caught me off guard."

Dolores winked. "It's no problem. Honestly, I can see why you'd think such a naughty thing. The Principal is very attractive. But let's move on. There are more important matters at hand."

"Like my breasts?"

"And your milk."

Mindy blushed. "I can handle them. They're fine, really."

"Nonsense. The Principal has given me clear orders to assist."

It was official. Mindy was most certain that Dolores was doing something behind the scenes with the school Principal. At this point, it was almost too obvious. Like Dolores was teasing her.

"How would you assist me?" Mindy asked. "I can get my laptop and you can help me pick out a new pump."

"Like I said, I'll buy you a new one. My treat. Until then, you'll need a partner."

"A partner?"

"It beats using an uncomfortable pump that causes you pain, especially with nipples like yours."

Mindy took in a deep breath. Why did she ever share such information with her boss?! But then again, what's life without friends?

"I'll try to keep an open mind," Mindy said.

Dolores smiled. "Well, how about we start with you opening your top."

"Oh. I didn't think..."

Dolores cut her off. "I've seen this plenty of times. It's completely normal to me."

Mindy caught a glimpse of a piece of jewelry on Dolores's ankle, as the PTA mom turned to face her. Her ankle was adorned with two hearts dangling from a gold ankle bracelet.

"That's cute," Mindy said, distracted by the ankle bracelet, almost like a cat that's mesmerized by a shiny ornament.

Dolores rubbed her calf and then her ankle before slipping her fingers around the gold ankle accessory. She wiggled her foot, which made the gold hearts jingle softly. Dolores's eyes changed. They now contained a sensual glimmer.

"It symbolizes a lot of things," Dolores said. "I love symbols."

"It looks good on you."

Mindy started to unbutton her blouse. She felt like she was doing something completely crazy and out of character. Her eyes were still on Dolores's ankle jewelry as she unbuttoned the blouse until her white bra and midsection were exposed. 

"I'd like to keep my bra on," Mindy said. "I'm sure you could show me a few techniques which I could try out when I'm alone."

"Principal Myers gave me a direct order," Dolores said playfully. "Which means I have a job to do."

"You really seem enamored with Ashley. You visit her office a lot."

Dolores lifted an eyebrow. "What are you suggesting? That I eat the Principal's asshole while she's bent over her desk?"

"Oh, no!" Mindy gasped. "I meant, you really respect her."

Dolores laughed. "Don't be such a prude. Will I see your breasts or not? My technique is unforgettable. I promise you that."

They looked each other in the eye. It was like a mini stand-off. They both almost giggled. It was such a friendly, almost comical moment between them -- a teacher and a PTA mom discussing breasts in a classroom. But in the end, Mindy was painfully reminded that she had needs.

"They're aching already."

It felt like a doctor's appointment, if Mindy were honest. She lifted her demure white cotton bra in the hope that her womanly needs would be addressed.

Her small breasts sprung free as she pulled the bra upwards. They weren't nearly as perky as before, but she still found them quite appealing. Her nipples were hard and protruded like they were in desperate need of sucking.

"Tales pezones rosados," Dolores said softly in Spanish.

Mindy smiled, "What does that mean?"

"It means that you have such pink nipples. I love that color on a woman."

"Do you see breasts often?"

"In the gym mostly. Yes, I see them often. I love to look and admire. Yours are beautiful. So plump looking, like small balloons. And your nipples look like they're in dire need of some relief."

Mindy looked down at her own chest. "I agree."

"Now you have a partner. May I?"

Dolores moved closer and held her palms out. She moved closer, but didn't touch Mindy's breasts.

"Be my guest," Mindy replied. "We've already come this far."

Dolores rubbed her hands together, as if to warm them before making contact. She scooted closer then pressed her palms on the top of Mindy's chest, near her armpits. She rubbed Mindy's upper chest in a circular motion.

"You're not squeamish, are you?" Dolores asked, her eyes not leaving Mindy's nipples, her hands continuing the massage. 

"In what way?"

"Me touching your breasts like this. It's for a purpose."

"It feels nice," Mindy said, looking down at her chest being rubbed.

Dolores remained hard at work. "I actually learned this after I graduated from college many years ago. I took an aerobic workout class to stay in shape. The instructor was a single mom who worked a tight schedule."

"Oh," Mindy breathed, as the hands moved lower. "So you helped her in between classes?"

"We became friends and she asked that I help her with a Brazilian technique from her home country. At least that's what she told me."

Mindy giggled. "She made that up?"

"To this day, I have no idea. But whatever she had me doing to her in the locker room, it worked. I swear that woman's breasts became a full cup smaller whenever I lent her a hand."

"Oh my."

The manner in which Dolores told the story had Mindy wanting to cross her legs. Dolores's rubbing was also exhilarating.

"May I?" Dolores asked, stopping for a moment to look Mindy in the eyes.

"What are you going to do?"

Mindy nearly froze in anticipation. Although it felt like a medical treatment, the aura surrounding Dolores did not suggest a doctor's detachment.

"I can give you the full Brazilian treatment she taught me," Dolores said, giving the tops of Mindy's breasts a little squeeze. "Only if you want."

Mindy gulped. "Go ahead. You've made me curious."

"Perfect."

Immediately, Dolores cupped the underside of Mindy's breasts and gave a squeeze and a pull. It was done a few times. She then pressed her fingers to the side of Mindy's breasts and moved her fingers in clockwise motions, as if performing a breast exam.

"The key is to prime everything," Dolores said, looking closely at Mindy's breasts while working her fingers. "When the breasts are ready to go, you'll spend less time pumping because the milk will flow faster and therefore your nipples won't hurt as much."

"You're really good at this. Oh my, your fingers are nice."

If this had been done with a romantic partner, Mindy would have flung her head back and moaned at the pleasure she was receiving. But because she was doing this in her place of employment and with the PTA president, she had to do her best to keep her sexually charged emotions in check.

"Your nipples are swollen," Dolores said, gently patting the sides of Mindy's breasts somewhat like a baker shaping dough.

"Your treatment is making them feel fuller, actually."

"That means it's time to extract the milk now. May I?"

Mindy smiled and shrugged. "At this point, do whatever you need. You're the best."

Mindy sat helplessly as Dolores lowered her head. It was like it was happening in slow motion. Lips touched Mindy's left nipple. Fingers squeezed the underside. The lips closed around the nipple with a vacuum-like effect.

After just one suck, milk shot from Mindy's swollen pink nipple. Then another. Then another. Milk came shooting out with each and every single suck. 

Mindy resisted the urge to moan. She had never nursed another adult before, let alone a woman, and it felt fucking amazing. She felt almost euphoric. She could feel the contents of her breast being drained into Dolores's mouth, who swallowed each and every drop.

"Oh god," Mindy finally let out.

Dolores took that as a cue to start on the other breast, to even them out in size, as the right one now looked bigger than the left.

The process of handwork and oral suction was overwhelming, and Mindy found herself running her fingers through Dolores's jet black ponytail. 

After just a few minutes, Dolores's work was done.

Dolores pulled her lips away and sat upright. "Well, what do you think?"

She smiled as she said that, using the back of her hand to wipe the white, milky substance off her lips.
