 The funny thing about feuds between PTA moms and school administrators is that they often become best friends afterwards (or "besties" if you want to call it that.) When it's all said and done, the constant bickering suddenly becomes a barrage of sweet words. But of course, there are always things behind the scenes -- things which people won't ever know about -- that lead to that surprising turn around.

Here's an example:

A few years ago, Principal Ashley Myers was tasked by her superiors to put a proverbial 'tight leash' on the most prominent ringleader PTA mom. 

For those of you who don't know, the 'PTA' refers to the Parent-Teacher Association. It sounds like a friendly enough concept, but it can often bring out the sharp fangs of a few overly assertive mothers, who think their offspring are God's gift to humanity.

This happened during late November for the annual "Fall Ball." It was the time of year where everyone, and I mean everyone, had a chance to blow off some steam and enjoy the end of the year. After all, everyone loves the holidays.

It was also a time where power moms repositioned themselves for the latest power plays. Gossip, sniping at each other, and passive-aggressiveness would usually pick up at around this time of year. 

That was in addition to all the usual posturing that went around between faculty and the PTA.

For context, PTA moms would often say the following:

'I have this idea, and I want you to allow... so and so...'

' Will you do this for me? I know it's within your grasp and it will only take a second.'

'I want access to... such and such...'

Keep in mind, those sorts of things are welcomed, within the confines of good manners. It means they care. It means they have an interest. It means there are new ways to improve things for the wonderful students.

On the other hand, you have power players like Dolores Chavez, a former local news anchor turned soccer mom extraordinaire after marrying a rich husband. She had become somewhat of a prototypical pillar of the community. She loved leading social and community events. By many accounts, she was the loveliest woman in the city.

With her feisty personality and former television experience, Dolores had become a real handful, especially when it came to being the ringleader of the PTA mothers. 

A typical meeting with Dolores would often lead to gems such as:

'My husband's business makes me so much money that I can spend more time here.'

'I know my leadership can lead this school to better horizons.'

'I'll talk it over with the other parents, to see what they think about your plans first. Then we can move forward.'

'Have you heard the latest with Tiffany?... I know, right?'

You can see why that would be problematic for any current administration. An organization simply cannot thrive under those sorts of internal and external stresses.

Anyway, the Fall Ball was in full swing and Principal Ashley Myers was tasked by the Superintendent and a few key faculty members to carry out the new arrangement. There was a strong sense of matriarchal control in the district, so this group of women 'in the know' could basically get away with anything. 

Make no mistake about it, Ashley was a great Principal and loved her job. She loved getting feedback and working closely with parents. 

But standards had to be set or else there would be chaos. 

Ashley was usually assigned to these sorts of tasks because, frankly, she was drop dead gorgeous and had the killer instincts to match. With her wavy blonde hair and deep blue eyes, she was a knockout. Add to that her Texas charm (where she was born and raised) and almost daily spin classes at the gym, and you have a winner.

On that particular night, she made sure to wear a sleek black dress. Something that could be hiked up easily. Her hair was shoulder length and curled on the ends. She loved dressing up for these holiday events. 

Briefly stepping into the auditorium area for the evening concert, it was easy for Ashley to spot Dolores in the forming crowd. Dolores was a 40-something year old Latina woman, and with her background in television, she knew how to doll herself up for any occasion. Top it all off with a nice set of tits and a plump bottom, and Dolores was a real eyecatcher.

Making her even easier to spot, Dolores was known for her rich black ponytail. Her fancy wardrobe and expensive cosmetics always changed, but her luscious black ponytail was always there.

"Can we have a word?" Ashley whispered into Dolores's ear, cutting into a group conversation.

Dolores looked mildly irritated. "Now? My daughter is the star of the show. She'll be on stage soon."

"We'll be just down the hall. There's big news and I wanted to talk to you about administrative plans."

"Perfect," Dolores said with a proud smile in front of others. 

They left the auditorium, and although Ashley had been a respected Principal for the past few years, she still had to be on her toes. You never know what can happen when tangling with a power PTA mom.

***

The art room was just down the hall from the auditorium. No one else was there. It was a standard room for an art class. The windows were big and the tables were large. There was an array of art designs made by students posted on the walls. Best of all, the teacher had been screening films for students that day, so the small viewing window on the door had been covered with paper taped over it.

No one in the busy hallway could see them and Ashley locked the door.

"So I have some ideas for the Christmas donations," Dolores said, pacing around the art room and admiring all the artwork. 

It didn't surprise Ashley that this power PTA mom went straight to business. What most people don't understand is that a lot of people love to be part of something. They love to contribute. They love the recognition that comes with being a pillar of the educational system and a hero of the community.

That's a great thing, of course. But sometimes the price of getting your name and recognition out there can come at a cost. What most people can never grasp is that this whole PTA thing can be a very cutthroat, woman-eat-woman tournament. 

What people don't see are all the behind-the-scenes drama and trail of hurt feelings. People feeling slighted and jaded because their ideas were passed over. Or they never got the public credit they felt they so rightfully deserved. That their names weren't specifically mentioned on 'thank you' emails sent out to the entire faculty and everyone on the PTA.

And that's exactly what Principal Myers was trying to avoid with this plan. Some of the power moms needed to be controlled. To be kept on a tight leash. Why have hurt feelings? It's just not necessary.

There are better alternatives.

"I'm always interested in your ideas," Ashley said. 

The truth was, there was always a need for fundraisers, but this was all part of Ashley's plan. To get Dolores pulled in so deeply that she would talk herself into whatever Ashley wanted.

Dolores started. "I've been looking into grants that are available from companies who will provide things like technology and supplies. There are major companies that will provide computers, smart boards, all kinds of technology, at huge discounts or free, to schools. I believe we could save over half of our technology budget by writing grants for those companies. You would just need someone with the time and communications skills to actually write those grants." 

Dolores knew, of course, that she would be the perfect choice for that position, solidifying her place as "Queen Bee" in the hierarchy of PTA moms and leaving the school district heavily dependent on her services.

The power mom continued, "I've also been talking to local merchants. I think we could sell cards, giving discounts to whomever purchases one at those merchants. We would get a 20 percent cut of the price of all the cards sold."

"You've been busy," Ashley said, impressed. "Those sound like terrific ideas. You're a treasure. Best of all, you seem like the perfect person to handle all this."

Dolores was absolutely glowing. "What would we need to do to get this started?"

"Well, I'll keep this short and simple," Ashley said diplomatically. "Some of the news is great... the rest is... interesting."

"The show is starting in about 15 minutes. Can you start with the good news?"

Ashley smiled. "I've spoken with the Superintendent and other members of the faculty. They think you have a lot of valuable assets in terms of helping to manage our extracurricular activities."

"I feel that I have a lot to offer," Dolores replied. "What do you think? I know we've butted heads a lot in the past. I hope there aren't any hard feelings there."

"Being the Principal is actually a high-paced job and I have to deal with a lot of people who have many different opinions. So I don't have any hard feelings. It's all for a greater good, right?"

Dolores smiled. "I'm glad you feel that way. What exactly did you have in mind for me?"

"Well, you're very talented as a newscaster. You're great at corralling the other parents. I think it should be obvious that we'd want you as the face for some of our bigger activities and fundraisers. You've already helped raise an impressive total for this year's holiday donations."

Just as Principal Myers had expected, Dolores beamed with pride at the recognition she was now receiving. Would the rest of the plan work? It always did. It was just a matter of playing all the cards right.

"I would be delighted," Dolores said with an air of sophistication. "You could say that I'm at your service."

Principal Myers was amused to hear that, although with a much different interpretation of the word 'service.' There would be plenty of service tonight, and other nights, she thought.

There was commotion and cheers outside as the events were underway. Dolores seemed eager to get back to the Fall Ball, although she was equally as excited for this big news.

Principal Myers sat on top of a desk in the middle of the room, and in doing so, hiked up her dress so that a lot more of her legs were showing. They were toned and muscular. She was glad that Dolores took a peek at them. It meant that things would be going smoothly tonight.

"There are some important considerations," Ashley said. "Conditions, if you want to call it that. The spot is yours, but we need to make sure we have a trustworthy partner."

"What do you mean?"

Ashley sharpened her focus and pulled her dress up higher. "Believe it or not, there are occasional issues within the school district regarding embezzlement. I'd say, maybe, once every three to four years. Not often, and when it does happen, it gets taken care of quickly and not many people hear about it. The news gets swept under the rug to avoid any bad press."

"That's a joke, right?" Dolores scoffed. "Do you remember who my husband is?"

"I do. But still, you'll have a powerful position. Let me tell you something. If you're in charge, you'll have a lot of parents in your ear telling you a lot of things. A lot of them will try to sweet talk you into changing your stance. Some will outright try to bribe you in private. You'll definitely see a lot of backstabbing in the process. We just need to make sure that you'll always be on our side."

"You don't think I'm a team player?" Dolores asked.

"Not always."

Now the fangs were starting to come out. Dolores gave a short huff and briefly turned her head away to control her temper. The last thing she wanted was a shouting match with the Principal before the big winter concert. She snapped her attention back towards the Principal with such force that her black ponytail flailed around.

"Okay, okay," Dolores said, keeping a lid on herself. "What will I have to do?"

"You'll have to prove yourself to me."

"How? What will I have to do? Do you want money? I can write you a check, right here, right now."

Principal Myers put her fingers on the hem of her black dress and gave a slight pull. Enough to show more of her thighs, deeper on the inside. She wondered if Dolores had realized that there weren't any panties underneath.

"You have to give me more respect than that," Ashley said. "I can't be bought. Besides, I already have a great salary with the school district."

"Then what do you want?"

Ashley tapped her bare thigh. "Guess."

Once again, Dolores's eyes glanced downwards at those magnetic and flawless legs. Truth be told, no one could resist them. The thought was certainly enticing to Dolores.

"Do you want me to eat your pussy?" Dolores asked bluntly.

"If I did, what would you say?"

Dolores's eyes shifted around. They both knew the answer already. Dolores was far too ambitious, socially. She'd do anything to become the woman to whom everyone went, 'Dolores Chavez, the Godmother of the community.' It certainly had a nice ring to it.

"I would do it," Dolores said, embarrassed. "But only with a condition."

"Which is?"

"That no one could ever know. Ever. It stays between you and me. It's no one else's business."

Ashley shook her head. "That's out of the question."

"Why is that?"

"Because this is all part of a group plan."

Dolores's jaw nearly dropped. "You mean..."

"The Superintendent and several faculty members know about this offer. It's something we share. It's how we keep our Matriarch strong. We're one of the highest performing districts in the country. Do you think that's by accident, or is it because of our unity?"

The look in Dolores's eyes was pure confusion, realizing how this district was actually run.

Then her expression changed. She gave a small smile, which almost led to her bursting out with laughter.

"And I thought I was the bitch," Dolores howled. "I've got nothing on you. Really? You want to play jokes like this?"

"You think I'm playing a cruel, sexual prank on you?"

"Obviously. It's not very funny either, Principal Myers. I thought you were supposed to be mature for your age. Apparently you still have a lot of growing up to do."

"Does this look like a joke to you?" Ashley said, casually pulling up the front of her dress.

Just like that, Principal Myers's pussy was exposed. Her legs were still shut as she remained sitting on a desk, so her labia were pressed together.

Dolores gasped. "You're serious?"

"I never joke about matters regarding my pussy."

Dolores gulped. "You want me to eat it?"

"That's usually what happens in our exclusive group. But for you, I have something else planned."

When Dolores's eyes were still glued to her pussy, Principal Myers knew this was a done deal. These power moms are all too predictable these days. 

"What do you want?" Dolores asked in a small voice, which was so unlike her.

"Hmmm... I've been thinking, something along of the lines of my ass."

"You want me to kiss your butt?" Dolores asked with a hint of disdain.

Ashley laughed. "Not kiss, tongue fuck."

The ultra-confidence of Dolores Chavez dropped as things inched towards reality. This was new territory for both of them.

"You expect me to lick your asshole?" Dolores asked. "Why the hell would I ever do that? You're beautiful, I get it, but don't you know who I am? Don't you know what I can do to your career? I can have you fired for this."

"You could, but you won't."

"What makes you so sure?"

Ashley parted her lips (the ones below). "Because you'll be missing out on a special relationship. I'll need you to say the magic words. Then we'll proceed."

It was one of the favorite moments that Principal Myers had when doing this type of work. She savored the feeling of watching a proud woman like Dolores swallow her own pride. It appeared to be working too, as Dolores's eyes drifted down to the open lips.

Dolores took a deep breath, and in a whiny voice said, "Fine, I'll do it."

"That's not how this works," Ashley said firmly. "You should understand how this dynamic functions by now. After all, you've been playing this game longer than I have." 

Dolores spoke louder. "I want to eat your ass, Principal Myers. I want the new role. I want to be on your team."

"Good girl. Or should I say, good mom."

It was the most patronizing moment Dolores had ever experienced, but she was certain, surely, that it would all be worth it. For these types of women, it usually is.

Ashley got off the desk and stood on her feet. She held onto the hem of her black dress as she turned around. Then she lifted her dress. No panties. She had a bikini tan line, so her thighs were a golden shade and her butt was vanilla white.

Her fitness really showed. Her thighs were well defined with muscle and her butt was firm like a fitness model. She could feel Dolores's eyes piercing onto her backside.

"On your knees," Ashley said, then bending over to lay on a desk.

The Principal reached back to clench her butt and she could hear the PTA mom getting down on her knees, with those heels making clicking sounds on the floor and her clothes adjusting.

"I... I think I'm ready," Dolores said.

"Oh, a small stutter. That's a first. Ever done this before?"

"Never. Let's get this over with. I need to be in the auditorium soon."

"You can start here," Ashley said, then spreading herself wide. "You'll be back with your PTA group in a few minutes. I promise."

In that dominant pose, the definition of the Principal's posterior was clearly visible. She had all sorts of muscles on her glutes and hamstrings. Her cheeks, which were spread, had just the right amount of fat in all the right places. Most importantly, the hole looked deliciously tight and pink inside. 

"Tienes un culo increíble," Dolores whispered to herself in Spanish.

Just like that, the PTA mom extraordinaire bent forward and planted her luscious red lipstick on the white bottom. She gave a kiss on each cheek. Close to the anus, but not quite.

Ashley turned to look at her. "You'll have to do a lot better than that if you want to be friends, Mrs. Chavez. We're offering you a serious position and we need to know if you can be a fair partner." 

"I'll try harder."

Dolores stuck her tongue out and licked around the anus, feeling the smooth and delicate lines of the brown opening. Her tongue concentrated on the pink center, making the Principal squirm.

"Not bad," Ashley said. "But try harder. I want you inside me. Don't be squeamish either, I promise I'm clean."

"You're too tight."

Ashley giggled. "Sorry, I like being fit. That's what hours of weekly spinning does to a woman's lower body."

Ever persistent for the PTA promotion, Dolores pushed harder until her tongue breached the ring of the Principal's anus. Once inside, it felt like a match made in heaven. Her tongue felt squeezed by the tight anal grip of the ring. Nonetheless, she worked her tongue inside, moving it around, up and down, side to side, then in circles. She did it the way she imagined it was supposed to be done.

Ashley gasped, then moaned. "Finally, your tongue is being put to good use."

Wanting to get this over with, Dolores gave a hard push with her tongue. She pushed her tongue so far in, that her face was practically buried in the Principal's butt cheeks. She gave another round of swirls and pulled out. 

The truth was, she enjoyed having her tongue in Ashley's beautiful ass. Anyone would, but she wouldn't dare to show it. She was too proud of a woman for that.

"Are we done?" Dolores asked, licking her lips and checking to make sure her lipstick wasn't smeared too badly.

Principal Myers released her own buttcheeks, letting them close immediately and jiggle in the process. There were lipstick marks around her anus and the saliva felt cool around her opening. 

She turned around to face the power mom on her knees, who had a starry hypnotic gaze at her ass.
