 April sat on her sofa, glass of whisky in one hand, the television remote in the other, feet propped up on the coffee table. Her boyfriend, David, was away with a few friends at a music festival in Europe and her other housemates had gone to visit their respective families for the weekend, leaving her alone in the house for the first time in months. Living with three men was exhausting; they constantly abandoned piles of washing up in the sink, turned a blind eye to broken cupboard doors and point-blank refused to lift a finger to mow the grass. April often found that if the wanted a job done then she had to do it herself. Now, with a few days carved out just for her - no noisy drunken men coming home at five in the morning or abandoned boxes of chicken bones littering the lounge - the weekend stretched deliciously ahead of her, full of possibilities. 

It was a cold Friday evening, and the long February night chilled the air that crept in under the door. April drew the curtains, poured herself another glass of whisky and lit three candles in the fireplace. She re-watched several episodes of her favourite crime drama. Voices passed in the street outside, headed to the pub at the end of the road. Normally, the whole household would do something on a Friday night, getting drunk at home on wine and cans of cheap lager, then head out to The Swan, or catch the tube into London and drink and dance in one of the bars in Shoreditch or the clubs in Hoxton. April felt slightly lonely without them. 

By half-past eleven, her confidence built up by the three or four whiskeys she had drunk that evening, April decided to drop in at the pub for a quick drink. She knew all the bar staff, and was bound to bump into a few regulars that she recognised. She headed upstairs into her bedroom, shimmied out of her comfy leggings and oversized shirt and stood in front of the full-length mirror propped against the wall. Firstly, she needed some better underwear. For some reason, just knowing that she had a good set of matching underwear on beneath her clothes made her feel confident, stand taller, and feel sexier - even if nobody knew she had them on. She clambered out of the ones she was wearing and reached for a matching set of midnight blue knickers and bra. The bikini style knickers were made of a silken fabric with a black lace trim, and they snugly hugged the curve of her hips. The lightly padded bra, in a plunge style that gently pressed her breasts together to create a deep cleavage, was also made of dark navy silk, the edges of the cups trimmed with more black lace. April had been a 30 DD almost from the moment her breasts first blossomed - although now in her mid twenties, having discovered the joys of baking, her previously skinny figure had filled out a little. She was still slim, but a healthy covering of plumpness now filled out her stomach, bottom and breasts - although her legs and remained slender. She smiled back at herself, then turned and pulled on her clothes.

A pair of blue skinny jeans, intentionally ripped at the knees and in one place on her upper left thigh. A black, slim-fitting top cut low enough to reveal the soft curves just at the top of her breasts. Black, chunky heeled boots to add height but ensure she wouldn't trip on her way to or from the pub. A slick of red lipstick to freshen up the faded makeup she had applied earlier. A quick brush through of her mid-length blonde hair. She stood by the door, checked her keys and her wallet, then stepped out into the street.

April could see the lights of the pub beckoning her, and hear the music blared out by the DJ thumping through the cold air. She hurried along the road, up the steps of the pub and flashed her ID to the bouncers waiting at the door. Inside, it was dark and loud, and everyone already seemed much more drunk than she was. She pushed through the crowds toward the bar and pulled up a chair, nodding to the woman who stood there pulling pints and taking orders. 

"Hi, how are you, hun?" she asked April, whilst lining up a row of shots along the bar.

"I'm fine thanks, just popped in to get a drink - David's away holiday and I wanted to get out of the house for a while, be a bit more sociable."

The woman threw her a sympathetic look as she tapped away at the till, before turning and pouring April a double measure of whisky. 

"Thanks" said April, relieved, and pressed a note into the woman's hand.

"I'll catch up with you later, after this rush has died down."

April half-turned in her seat to survey the pub. Several women were dancing in the centre of the room; eyes closed, arms in the air, swaying vaguely in time to the beat of the music. She sipped her drink and smiled to herself as the smoky liquid ran down her throat, warming her stomach and brightening her mood. She glanced again at the dancing women, wondering how they could balance in those sky-high stilettos, and how they avoided being freezing cold with their bare legs. Around the edges of the room, lounging on chairs and leaning on pillars were several men, also watching the women. They had a predatory air to them, clustered in groups and staring intently at the bodies of the dancers. Suddenly, someone knocked into her elbow, splashing some of her drink onto her hand. April frowned and wiped it off on her jeans, whilst the man who had bumped into her apologised profusely, offering to buy her another drink and dabbing haplessly at her arm with a paper towel from the bar. He was clearly rather drunk, his eyes slightly unfocused and his black hair ruffled up - but he wasn't unattractive. In fact, he reminded her of David, the same good-natured smile and tall, but broad frame. He smiled at her.

"Are you sure I can't buy you a drink?"

April shook her head, "No thank you, there's plenty left in here" she replied, gesturing to the glass.

Suddenly, it all seemed too loud, too busy inside. Excusing herself, she slipped off her bar stool and headed out to the beer garden at the rear of the pub. It was freezing outside, and she hadn't brought a jacket because she could see the pub from her front door. Groups of laughing, chatting people were gathered around the picnic benches in the dark, lit by the glow of pink fairy lights draped from the trees. April headed to a darker corner of the garden, sat on top of one of the benches and clutched her glass, watching the revellers in the semi-darkness, feeling more alone than she had at home. The group closest to her was made up of an even mix of young men and women, all talking away enthusiastically. Some of them looked painfully cool, young men with full sleeve tattoos and beautiful women with no makeup wearing dungarees and drinking white wine. On the far side of the bench sat a dark-haired woman, sandwiched between two men with moustaches who were clearly engaged in a conversation she had no interest in. Her pale skin glowed softly under the pink of the fairy lights. As April watched, she pushed her hair away from her face, revealing a scattering of freckles and a pair of delicate but full lips. April found herself watching this woman as she pulled out a packet of cigarettes and lit one, blowing the smoke towards one of the men who coughed dramatically and shifted away slightly. She was fascinated by the way her lips ever so softly gripped the cigarette as she drew in the smoke, by the way her elegant fingers rested it between puffs, and tapped out the ash into the ashtray. David had never smoked, and was completely against the idea, and therefore April only smoked socially when offered cigarettes by other people - always feeling that every cigarette was a tiny act of rebellion against her health-conscious boyfriend. As she watched, the rest of the group drifted off inside, leaving the woman with the dark hair alone to finish her cigarette. Without the distractions of the group, she started to look around the beer garden, and her eyes met Aprils. She smiled. April smiled back. 

Emboldened by the warming effects of the whisky, the throb of the music and the dream-like quality of the frosty air, April climbed off the bench and made her way carefully over to the other woman, digging her heels into the gravel and trying not to lose her balance.

"Hi," she smiled, "could I sit here?"

"Sure," the woman responded, gesturing to the bench.

April seated herself opposite, suddenly feeling self-conscious. This was London, not a small village where people could walk up to anybody and start a conversation. She was probably coming across as strange.

"I'm Niamh."

"April."

Niamh spoke softly, with a very slight Irish accent. Up close, April could see that her eyes were a deep chestnut, flecked with darker speckles of brown. She was dressed more sensibly than April, in a soft suede jacket and a thick woolen scarf. Niamh silently offered April a cigarette from the packet, and when April accepted she glanced quickly up at her with a shy smile. The dark-haired woman reached into her pocket and pulled out a lighter that she flicked into life and held out to April. April leant forwards and lit her cigarette, and her fingers brushed against Niamh's as she steadied her hand. There was an awkward silence, as April racked her brains for something to say that would be interesting or intelligent, but nothing came to mind. To her relief, Niamh began to speak but before she could say anything the two moustachioed men appeared on either side of her, loudly chatting away. Before long, the rest of the group joined the table, seeming not to notice Niamh and April. 

"Would you like to get a drink?" April asked, and to her relief Niamh nodded, and the two women stood up and headed inside, pushing through the groups of smokers thronging around the back door. 

Side-by-side at the bar, April noticed that Niamh was five or so inches shorter than her, maybe about five foot tall, and slightly built. Her black jeans tightly hugged her legs and bum, and April couldn't help but glance down as they waited to be served. By this time of night the bar was packed out, elbows jostling into ribs as people shoved their way to the front. April found herself pressed against Niamh's left shoulder, her upper thigh brushing against the back of her legs. A flush of adrenaline surged through her veins, and she felt herself blush slightly. The pressure from the crowd eased, and April leant away slightly, embarrassed that what should have been an innocent encounter had left her feeling so excited - but Niamh also moved fractionally away from the bar, pressing herself back against April's body, maintaining the same level of pressure. April held her breath, feeling her heart pounding against her chest. The drinks arrived, and the tension was broken as they turned from the bar and headed into the middle of the crowd of dancing people.

The music throbbed through the air, and April and Niamh found themselves pressed against each other once more as they danced, sipping at their drinks and laughing. The whole pub seemed to be dancing now, a swirling mass of colours and faces and lights. Niamh's friends arrived; bearing more drinks, and came and went, drifting in and out of the two women's conversation. Eventually, just before two o'clock, the bell rang for last orders. April leaned down to speak into Niamh's ear:

"I live just down the street, fancy a nightcap?" Niamh smiled and nodded in response, taking April's hand to pull her through the crowds to the front door of the pub. On the street outside, revellers were sat on the edge of the kerb, and taxi's swung past along the high street. A police van and several police officers were parked up on the pavement, and the flashing blue lights reflected off the windows of the houses as the two women headed away from the main road. In the porch outside the doorway, April fumbled for her keys - dropping them on the tiles. Niamh laughed and bent down to pick them up, her shoulder-length, wavy hair falling over her face as she did so. Finally inside, the house was dark and quiet.

"Sorry, there's no light in the hallway or the stairs, nobody has got around to fixing it" April apologised. "I've got a selection up in my room, stashed safely out of the way."

April kicked off her shoes and fumbled her way to the stairs, gripping the banister with one hand. Behind her, she felt Niamh reaching up and feeling for her other hand, running hers over April's lower back before catching it in her own. April guided her carefully upstairs, and the two women giggled as they tripped over the carpet on the landing. Opening the door to her room, April flicked on a lamp and a string of coloured fairy lights she had strung over the bed. Niamh looked around, her eyes flicking across the artwork on the walls, the plants on the windowsill, the men's shoes under the bed, the fluffy throws on the sofa, before settling her self down and pulling one of the throws over her legs. April collected two glasses and held out a bottle to Niamh for her approval before pouring them each a measure and turning on some music. The two women sat at either end of the sofa, feet just touching under the soft fabric of the throw. They chatted for a while, about work and where they were from, their families and their pets. April leant forwards to reach for the bottle she had placed on the floor next to them, but Niamh reached out and gently cupped the side of her face. 

April looked up at her, and again felt that surge of warmth through her body, flushing her cheeks and causing her heart to race. Niamh gazed back down at her, her long lashes brushing against her cheeks as she blinked, her soft pink lips slightly parted. She leant forward towards April, slowly, cautiously, pausing just a fraction away from her. Her brown eyes met April's grey ones. Ever so gently, their lips brushed against each other, and April let out a small sigh of relief. Niamh's lips felt as soft as they looked, and April pressed hers against them, mouth open, tongue probing, desperate to be kissed back. She felt Niamh's left hand gently press against her left breast, squeezing and massaging it through her top, and felt her nipples harden in response to her touch. April tore her mouth away from hers, and lifted up Niamh's hair to expose her neck, before kissing from behind her ear down towards her collarbone. Her scent, warmed by the excited flushing of her skin, rose from her body - a heady mixture of roses and spices and smoke. April's hands moved to Niamh's waist, gripping it tightly before lifting her shirt and exposing her breasts. 

They were much smaller than April's own, sitting high and firm, the nipples hardening in excitement - she didn't need a bra. April took one in each hand, and lowered her head to them, kissing the gentle curve of the underside of each breast, working her way up and over the top as Niamh threw her head back in delight, her own hands tangled in April's hair. April released her grip, and began to unbutton Niamh's jeans, tugging them from her hips and peeling them from her legs before slipping them over her delicate ankles and perfect feet. Now Niamh was lying on the sofa, naked except for a pair of sheer pink lace knickers. She pushed herself up onto her elbows, then stood up and took April by the hand, leading her over to the bed. They stood next to it and kissed again, tongues searching each other out, and April ran her hands over Niamh's smooth skin, down her waist to her bum, gripping her cheeks hard. She gave her a gentle spank then pushed her backwards onto the bed, before starting to undress herself. She removed her top and jeans, stripping down to her lingerie and stood watching Niamh appreciatively as the other woman settled herself back onto the pillows. 

"You are so hot" she whispered, taking in the sight of the gorgeous brunette lying splayed on her bed, inviting her to join in. Slowly, she knelt on the bed between Niamh's slightly parted legs, and lowered her head to taste her breasts. Her tongue slowly traced a circle around the soft areola of her right breast, whilst her left hand mirrored the movement on her left. Niamh let out a soft moan of delight, eyes closed, head thrown back. April continued to tease and stroke just around her nipples, without quite touching them, as Niamh's breathing quickened and she began to beg.

"That feels so good... suck them April, please..."

"I will if you beg me."

"Please... please..."

Quickly, April flicked her tongue over Niamh's nipple, letting the saliva cool in the air and then repeating on the other side, watching as they hardened and pointed up towards her mouth as if begging her to kiss them. Continuing to massage and squeeze her left nipple, April took the right one into her mouth, feeling the hardened nub against her teeth as she nipped and sucked at it, her lips clamping tightly around it and forming a suction that made Niamh cry out in delight. She switched her mouth's attention to the other nipple, and ran her hand over the taught stomach muscles of the brunette, resting briefly on her hip before sliding them over the lace of her knickers and down onto her leg.

Slowly, she glided her hand up the warm skin of Niamh's inner thigh, reaching the damp crotch of her lace knickers and causing the woman to emit another high pitched gasp. Gently, she eased a finger underneath the edge of her knickers and sought out the source of her juices, the hot dripping warmth of her vulva. Quickly, she slipped a finger inside the velvety, tight vagina, and felt Niamh thrust eagerly against her finger, which she slipped out again and held to her tongue, slowly licking the sticky liquid from it. In one swift movement, she pulled Niamh's knickers from her body, and tossed them onto the floor. A tuft of neatly trimmed hair adorned her pubic bone, and beneath it the soft pink lips mirrored the ones April had just been kissing. She let out a murmur of appreciation and then lowered herself onto her elbows, bringing her face up between Niamh's legs. She gently extended her tongue, and lapped at the glistening lips, reaching round with her hand to grasp her buttocks in her hands, lifting Niamh towards her mouth.

Extending her tongue further into a point, April plunged it at deep as she could inside Niamh, letting the juices of the other woman's arousal pool onto her tongue. She repeatedly pushed inside her, licking and swallowing and gripping Niamh's bum as she bucked against her face, moaning louder and louder. April switched her attention to the woman's clit and gently eased two fingers inside her, slipping them in and out slowly at first, but faster and faster in time with Niamh's panting breaths. She sucked hard on her clit, flicked her tongue across it and pressed down with the very tip, moving in ever firmer circles one way and then the other, as Niamh's cries reached a crescendo and an orgasm shook through her body, the muscles of her vagina squeezing against April's fingers. April gently kissed her dripping lips, then made her way up and over Niamh's stomach before kissing her on the mouth, encouraging her to taste her own juices. Niamh's face was flushed, her dark hair thrown back from her damp face, and she kissed April weakly, still recovering from the effects of her orgasm.

"My turn" April whispered in her ear, and her teeth grazing against her ear revitalised Niamh, who sat up against the pillows.

April straddled her, kissing Niamh's flushed pink lips as the brunette reached around and expertly unclasped her bra, easing the straps from her shoulders and lifting the cups away. Aprils breasts, now free from her bra, swung temptingly in front of Niamh's face, and she took one in each hand. They were too big for her to hold entirely, so she squeezed them together and pressed her face into the deep cleavage. April ran one hand through Niamh's hair and arched her back, bringing the woman's lips down towards her nipples, and placing one in her mouth. Niamh began to suck at her breast, trying to fit in as much as possible, before focusing on April's already hardened nipple, pressing it with her tongue and pinching the other one so hard that April cried out - the pain was exquisite. April could feel the patch of dampness in her knickers growing wetter and wetter as she pressed herself against Niamh, and the sight of this gorgeous woman sucking on her breasts, pink lips fastened around her blushing nipples, made her cry out with pleasure, causing Niamh to suck and pinch even harder until her nipples throbbed and the sensation in her knickers was agonisingly powerful. 
