 Amy's thighs shook uncontrollably from the intense pleasure she was receiving every time Joanne's tongue strummed her swollen clit. 

"oooooh baby!" Amy moaned huskily barely able to contain herself "lick me! oh yes, yes that's it, go down and licked my asshole!" Amy hissed through clenched teeth. "oh god yes" Amy screamed as Joanne ever so slowly ran her tongue up the center of her lovers slit to her clit before going back down the slit and pausing briefly to wiggle her tongue against Amy's pungent asshole and then repeating the delicious process again.. and again. "oh baby, fuck me with your tongue" Amy cried out "that's it! push it in baby, suck my hole, i wanna cum in your sweet mouth, oooooh don't stop eating me, I'm gonna come in your mouth, oh your tongue is so deep in me, aaaaaahhhh!!" Amy's orgasm consumed her with such force that bobby was sure Joanne would have swollen lips in the morning from the battering she was receiving from Amy's convulsing pussy humping up against her mouth. oh baby, I'm commmmming!! OH BABY! EAT MEEEE!! Amy sobbed uncontrollably as her second orgasm crashed upon her, flooding Joanne's mouth with sweet pussy juice and coating her face with Amy's love sauce. Joanne, s head glided up and down furiously in Amy's spasming crotch as she licked Amy with wild abandon from asshole to clit, occasionally stopping to plunge her tongue deep into Amy's creamy hole. 

Bobby could not believe what he was seeing and he was hoping no one would spot him on the fire escape watching the hot girl/girl action taking place before his eyes and at the same time he felt a twinge of anger when he thought how Joanne ended up with Amy instead of him doing both of them. Bobby had to admit that watching Joanne going down on another woman (that woman being his ex-wife) was turning him on immensely and his cock was straining painfully to be released from the confines of his Levi's. He found himself wishing it was buried in the hot confines of Amy's wet pussy or in her throat because during the time he was married to Amy, bobby had been the lucky recipient of many a deep-throat blow job and he always ended up shooting a hot load of spunk straight down Amy, s willing throat and she would never miss a single drop and then she would lick him clean after words at which point bobby would return the favor by feasting on Amy's sopping wet pussy for hours till Amy experienced multiple, powerful orgasms as a result of bobby's passionate oral ministrations. but for now all bobby could do was watch in awe as Joanne feverously worked on sucking and tonguing Amy to a third orgasm. Amy's hips were rising high above the mattress as she grinded her pussy against Joanne's mouth as Joanne tongue fucked her hot pussy like a woman possessed! Joanne moaned with pure lust as she ate Amy's cunt with more and more determination, intent on sending Amy to heights of passion that Amy had never known. 

She couldn't get enough of her face into Amy's pussy and if she could have she would have willingly jammed her head inside Amy's vaginal opening as she lost herself in the hot, slippery pussy that was sliding all over her face coating it with cream. Joanne's hands came up to cup Amy's trembling asscheeks so she could pull Amy's pussy against her face as much as humanly possible all the while digging her tongue relentlessly into the depths of Amy's twat. She moaned loudly up into Amy's hole but it was muffled by the wet, slippery, cream coated pussy that was pressed oh so hard against her mouth as she sucked and licked up every drop of Amy's copious flow which seemed to be endless as Joanne continued to make love to Amy's cunt with her mouth, lips and tongue. 

"oh Joanne"Amy sobbed "your face looks so hot between my legs", my pussy is exploding in your mouth, oh god, it, s so good and so wet!!"

"oh my god!" Amy exclaimed as she arched her back and pushed her exploding pussy hard into Joanne's face 

As yet another intense orgasm crashed over her "EAT ME OUT BITCH!! Amy growled all the while pulling hard on Joanne's hair thus making sure Joanne could not remove her tongue from the confines of Amy's humid pussy. Amy was really banging her pussy into Joanne's mouth amd pulling Joanne's hair hard and directing Joanne's lips and tongue to just the right places which made Joanne moan into Amy's vagina with animal passion because it turned her on to be dominated in such a fashion by either a man or a woman. 'EAT ME YOU HOT LITTLE DYKE" Amy hissed "GET YOUR TONGUE IN MY FUCKING PUSSY", "SUCK IT DRY YOU HOT LITTLE SLUT" Amy ordered, getting into the act & and becoming more demanding & agressive. 'You love my hot pussy don, t you?" Amy asked in a passion laced voice as she wrapped her legs around the bobbing head that worked endlessly between them. 

"put your whole mouth over my pussy" Amy ordered "I'm coming in your mouth you hot little bitch.. i, m commmmminng!! oooohhhh!! Amy's body stiffened again as her orgasm enveloped her loins once again and she growled in passion which quickly became sobs of pleasure and release. Joanne raised her head from between Amy's trembling thighs and slid up Amy's body to share a passionate kiss thus allowing Amy to taste herself on Joanne's lips and tongue... but bobby knew the night was not over yet... not by a longshot.