 My bum's still sore as I perch on the edge of the stool in Camilla's boathouse, my iPhone pressed to my ear.

"It was so kind of you to invite us over," I hear Fiona imitating Camilla's polished tones. It's kind of muffled, the way Camilla's hidden the phone at her end but I can just about make out what they're saying.

"Well it was the least I could do for a new member of The Ring," says Camilla.

"Your house is, like, so big!" chirrups Ashley, "It's like, a castle!"

"I'm glad you enjoyed the tour," Camilla implacably soothing Ashley's gauche enthusiasm. Sometimes I worry I'm falling in love with Camilla but I think we both like the cock too much for that. "Would you care for some iced tea?" Glasses clink over the phone speaker and then Ashley pipes up again.

"Mmmm...this is so sweet!" Yes, Ashley, that'll be the sugar syrup covering the taste of the vodka and the ground up Viagra pills. Not that I think Ashley's going to need much help coming over to the dark side, the way she was watching me getting spanked.

"So what were you ladies planning on doing this weekend?" I have to stifle a giggle: Camilla always talks like a vicar's wife sharing the time of day at a church fete; to hear her talk you'd never guess the kinky shit she's into.

"I'm going to take Ashley riding tomorrow," says Fiona. Oh, there'll be riding before tomorrow, I think. I've waited long enough, time to get this party started. I put Camilla's mobile on hold and, out of the dozen or so different phone lines Camilla's family have installed, find the direct line for the drawing room where Camilla's holding court today.

"Hello, Farquhar," answers Camilla.

"Camilla. It's Stephanie," I say.

"Stephanie, darling," coos Camilla. "Are you on your way? I am so looking forward to seeing you."

"There's been an awful fowl-up at my end. Horse fell, out riding and now I've got to take her to the vet. Hope you'll understand, my dear."

"Oh poor darling," purrs Camilla "That is such horrible news. I do hope she'll be alright."

"Nothing broken, I say, just a formality but you can't be too careful with an animal of her pedigree."

"Of course, of course...well you must let me know the instant you get the all clear."

"Of course – toodle pip, old bean," I can't help myself...

"Bye bye," says Camilla. I switch the call back over to her mobile.

"That was my cousin Stephanie," Camilla's telling the girls. "I'm afraid she won't be joining us for bridge. She has to take her horse to the vet."

"Oh my gosh, is she ok?" asks Ashley

"Oh quite fine, it's just a precaution with these thoroughbred animals, you have to have them looked at, for the insurance," Camilla reassures her. "I'm so terribly sorry for wasting you ladies' time."

"Oh, not at all, it was a splendid afternoon," simpers Fiona, "and I'm sure..."

"I expect you'll be wanting to get back home soon," Camilla cuts her off.

"Oh...well we could always..." Fiona's casting around for a lifeline here, anything to stay in the inner circle of wealth and privilege; she'll be getting tipsy now too and starting to feel a yearning that she probably won't recognise as feeling horny.

"Can't we just play bridge without her?" says Ashley.

"No, you need two pairs," says Camilla gently.

"Maybe we could play another game?" God bless America: no fucking decorum whatsoever.

"I'm not sure," says Camilla, "I hadn't planned anything."

"Oh please!?"

"Ashley!" snaps Fiona. I can imagine her embarrassment.

"It's alright Fiona, I'm not offended," Camilla sooths and then after a pause, "perhaps there is something we could play." There's a clink of glass on glass as she pours them more of the spiked juice. "But it's a bit silly."

"I'm sure it's not!" says Fiona, a little too eagerly.

"I thought we could play Confessions"

"Confession? You mean, like at The Ring?" Fiona sounds unsure.

"You're right, it's a silly idea, I should let you go."

"No, no, we can play," Fiona, sounding desperate now, "It's just that I never thought of it as a game before. Are you sure this is OK?"

"Well, confession is good for the soul. But if you don't feel comfortable..."

"Oh come on, let's play!" Ashley's voice too now has a note of desperation in it. I hope she won't go too wild too quick, we don't want her scaring Fiona off.

"Yes, let's play, please?" Fiona pleads.

"Well alright," says Camilla, "but not here; we have to go somewhere private." That's my cue. I switch the phone off and stuff it into my bag with the toys and Viagra-laden sweets I've brought for later. I peer cautiously though the boathouse window, I can't see anyone about so I step out of the boathouse and push my way into the bushes that line the vast garden.

I can't see and the twigs scrape across my head, messing up my hair. I hope I'm going the right way: branches scratch my bare legs, tearing a little hole in my knee sock. Eventually, I think I've come far enough and in roughly the right direction. I push my way through and slip out of the bushes and in the back door of the stables.

I've only just crouched down behind some bales of hay when the girls enter.

"Oh, my gosh, your house is like a palace, Camilla, you're like a real-life princess!" Ashley, getting overexcited. Camilla, who is on nodding terms with real-life princesses, says nothing.

"You're so lucky, I'd love to have my own stables," Fiona fawning away. I peak through a gap in the bales and I can see Ashley's nipples are standing hard against her T-shirt which is damp with patches of sweat under her armpits. Fiona keeps rubbing her hands up and down her stomach and thighs, making her dress ride up a little.

Camilla sits them down on some bales of hay. Fiona's squirming slightly as the stalks prick her through her summer dress but Ashley doesn't seem to notice it on her bare legs. The two of them sit, hands on their knees, eagerly looking up at Camilla, awaiting instruction. Camilla's leaning back, one boot propped up on the bale, showing the inside of her thigh almost right up to her pussy. She leaves the silence hanging until even I can barely stand it.

"Shall I go first?" she asks and the two nod eagerly.