 "You want me to spank you?" Ashley, excited, confused and scared all at once.

"Well, I can't very well spank myself like a boy, can I?"

"No, I guess not," says Ashley, cautiously.

Camilla steps over to where Ashley and Fiona are sitting, bends over, being sure to stick her bum in Fiona's face. Fiona's eyes are dark and wide.

"I could join and help if you want?" says Fiona.

"That won't be necessary," Camilla replies, coldly. "I'm sure Ashley knows what she's doing. Right, Ashley?" Camilla gives Ashley a playful pinch on the cheek, making her blush. 

Camilla bends down over Ashley's knee, lifting her dress up and exposing an expensive looking pair of cream panties, trimmed with lace. She must have changed out of the thong before the girls arrived. 

I have to stifle a giggle, it looks so incongruous: Camilla, elegant and imperious, still running the show from her position of chastisement being spanked by this shy, corn-fed farm girl. Camilla slips her thumbs inside the waistband of the panties and slides them down her long legs where they sit around the ankles of her boots. 

Fiona gazes longingly at Camilla's perfect, firm, lightly-tanned buttocks and the pert pussy lips that peek between her legs, no doubt wanting to touch them, to run her fingers over Camilla's silken skin but she knows better than to ask again.

"Go ahead Ashley," says Camilla and Ashley gives her a gentle little slap on her bum, collapsing into giggles as she does.

"You'll have to try a bit harder than that," says Camilla and Ashley gives her a slightly harder slap. Camilla fakes a little moan which makes Ashley gasp involuntarily. Ashley spanks her again, quicker and harder this time. Camilla keeps moaning softly, spurring Ashley on to spank her harder. Fiona is practically hyperventilating by now, alternately gripping her knees and rubbing her legs with her hands, staring intently at Camilla's perfect bum turning a pale pink and jiggling lightly as Ashley spanks her.

This goes on a couple of minutes more before Camilla calls a halt: "Thank you Ashley, that will be enough." Ashley stops on command and Camilla stands up.

"Pull my knickers up," she says to Ashley and stands over her with her well-trimmed pussy right in Ashley's face as she bends down to pull Camilla's panties from round her ankles. Ashley blushes but she can't help but gaze at Camilla's pussy.

"Do you have a confession to make, Ashley?" asks Camilla, standing with her hands on her hips.

"Well, I dunno," Ashley blushes again as she pulls Camilla's panties up round her thighs. She looks down at her feet which are pointing, pigeon-toed, together, "I don't do anything!" she giggles, looking up at Camilla, sounding embarrassed.

"Surely there must be something?" encourages Camilla, soothingly, "some inappropriate thoughts or feelings you've had, about a boy maybe? Or perhaps another girl?" Camilla's bending down to her, stroking one of Ashley's apple cheeks with her fingers while sticking her bum in Fiona's face again.

"Well...I dunno...I don't know if it counts but when Fiona was spanking that girl, Maxi, I felt, sorta...funny inside!"

"Funny, how?" Camilla bends lower, stroking Ashley on the shoulder while manoeuvring her bum inches from Fiona's face.

"I dunno...sorta...squirmy but like weird and tingly at the same time...like I wanted it to stop but I wanted it to go on more as well. Like part of me wanted to run away but part of me wished it was happening to me and part of me wished I was the one doing it! And when you made me spank you, it felt...funny too."

"Ashley! You naughty little girl!" exclaims Camilla.

"Is that bad?" Ashley looks up at her in wide-eyed innocence.

"Well, I must say, I'm surprised at you." Says Camilla.

"I can do a penance if you want." Ashley sounds like she's welling up.

"Get on your knees." says Camilla. Ashley gets down on her knees in the dirt of the stable floor. "Now lick my boots." Ashley drops down to her hands and knees and starts licking Camilla's black leather boots with her little pink tongue, sticking her round little bum up in the air as she works her way down. 

Camilla picks up one foot, letting her suck on the toe and then on the heel, then the other foot, sliding the toe in and out of Ashley's mouth like a cock. Then Camilla rests one toe lightly on the back of Ashley's head and pushes her face down into the floor, rubbing it into the dirt. Ashley lets out a little whimpering noise but she doesn't pull away. Camilla takes her foot off the back of her head and steps away.

"Get up Ashley, go back to your seat." Ashley lifts herself up, brown earth smeared across her cherubic little face. Camilla grants her a little smile that Ashley returns, relieved at the approval. Camilla keeps her attention on Ashley, deliberately ignoring Fiona.

"Was that your first confession?" Camilla asks.

"Um, yes...did I do ok?" asks Ashley.

"You did splendidly, my dear," says Camilla. "I think you will fit in very well"

Fiona blurts out "I've got a confession."

"We are coming to your turn, Fiona," says Camilla, icily.

"Miss Grayling washed me," says Fiona.

Behind the hay bales, my blood pounds in my ears. This is better than I'd hoped for.

"What do you mean 'washed you'?" Camilla finally allows Fiona her attention.

Fiona's cheeks are glowing bright red. She stares down at her hands buried in her lap, knowing she's given too much away. Camilla puts one booted foot on the inside of Fiona's thigh and lifts her chin up so Fiona is again facing her.

"What do you mean, Miss Grayling washed you?"

"I don't want to tell," Fiona tries to look away. Camilla slaps her hard across her face. Ashley looks scared but doesn't say anything.

"You will confess to me now, Fiona!"

"Please. Please don't. I'll confess. We'd been out riding and we got back to the school all covered in mud. Ms Grayling said I should get into the shower before I went home. I took off all my clothes and I stepped under the warm water.

"Just then I heard the door open and Miss Grayling come in. She said that the other shower was broken. Before I knew it, she had taken her clothes off and stepped in the shower with me. I was so embarrassed, I tried to cover myself with my hands but I couldn't stop staring at her breasts, they're so big.

"'Don't worry, we're just girls together' she said. She lathered the soap between her hands and started rubbing it all over me. I felt sick when she first touched me but I quite liked it too even though her hands were rough. 'Is this OK, Miss Grayling?' I asked. 'You want to get clean, don't you?' she said."

"Tell us about how she washed you." Camilla's voice sounds husky, deeper than before.

"She rubbed the soap all around my neck and then down over my breasts. I tried to speak to tell her to stop but she put a finger over my lips and I didn't want her to stop really, anyway. She spent a long time rubbing the soap over my breasts, flicking her fingers over my teats. It felt funny and it gave me goosebumps but I didn't want her to stop. 

"She told me to lift up my arms and I did as I was told. She washed down my tummy and popped her finger in my bellybutton. It felt funny so I laughed and she laughed too. Then she slid her hand between my legs 'Miss Grayling!' I said and I reached down. She told me to put my hands on top of my head and so I did as I was told. I didn't really want her to stop even though I was scared. She started washing between my legs.

"Do you mean your pussy?" says Camilla.

"Yes," says Fiona, very quietly.

"Say it."

"My pussy."

"Say 'Miss Grayling washed my little pussy.'"

"Miss Grayling washed my little pussy."

"Now continue."

"She rubbed the soap all over my...pussy and she pulled her hand away, one of her fingers slipped between my lips. She touched me...you know...there...just for one second...I felt so dizzy, like butterflies in my stomach. 

"Miss Grayling made me turn round and she rubbed soap all over my bum and slid her hand between my cheeks. It felt really weird but in a good way, I think. Then she made me wash her, I was scared to touch another woman but I was fascinated by her breasts. I'd never seen another woman's naked breasts before and hers were so big. 

"They glistened as I rubbed the soap on them and I could hear Miss Grayling breathing heavily. She took my hands and guided them all over her body until she made me wash her...her...pussy." Fiona looks to Camilla for approval before continuing. "She was rubbing herself against my hands and biting her lip.

"'Am I hurting you, Miss Grayling?' I asked. 'No, it's just fine, please continue,' she said but she sounded cross. She kept rubbing herself against my hands, faster and faster, she shouted out loud but not words and she was gasping for breath. I was sure that I'd hurt her but I was scared to stop because she'd told me not to and then she told me to stop and that I was a good girl and to dry myself and get dressed."

"Fiona, this is very, very bad," cuts in Camilla, lifting Fiona's chin up once more.

"I know," says Fiona, her voice sounding rough like she was exhausted from her confession.

"We have to think of a special punishment for you." Fiona nods as much as Camilla will let her.

"I could be a pony," she says

"What?" asks Camilla.

"I could be a pony," repeats Fiona. "When I'm very bad, Miss Grayling makes me be a pony." Camilla shoots a little glance my way, catching my eye through the gap in the hay bales and slightly raises one eyebrow. This is turning out to be a day of revelations.

"I think that's an excellent idea," says Camilla.