 Ah yes, she's here again - the girl. I've been watching her for several weeks now. She and her friends hang out at the pool where I live. Several of them must be sub-letting for the summer because there's no way a college student could afford to live here on a regular basis. Then again, who knows? Parents give their kids everything these days.

Of course, I like to give them things too. Just not the things their parents give them, or would likely want them to have. Like the best oral sex of their young lives and the opportunity to return the favor. Yes, I admit it - I am what is commonly called a "cougar", a mature woman who likes sex with noticeably younger people - in my case, younger women. I don't mind the term, either, as it applies so well. I enjoy stalking my prey and usually get her in the end. And in most cases, she and I are both more than happy with the result.

It makes it so much easier that I'm financially independent. I can thank my ex for that. Sure, he left me for some young cutie, a secretary at the firm he runs, but things were over by that time, and he was more than generous with the settlement (with a little help from my shark of a lawyer). So now I have this nice condo and plenty of money for clothes and entertainment, an essential part of which is the company of young women. That's a desire that had been simmering below the surface for a long time and finally asserted itself before the divorce was even final. I haven't looked back since.

And so far I've been pretty successful finding willing "prey". It helps a lot that I can buy them things and take them to nice places, but I definitely have other assets to offer. I was always attractive, and I've kept myself in good shape. My breasts are still full and high on my chest (without a boob job!) and my hips have that mature look without being too broad. I work out regularly, but just enough to stay trim, not "buff". I still like the soft, feminine look, and I wear my raven-colored hair a little longer to project that image. Overall, I have to say that I look pretty damned good for a woman of forty. So it's not just the money and things that get me the girls; they like what they see, for various reasons. Some clearly have "mommy" issues, some are turned on by the adventure and the "taboo" of older women, and some are just plain horny. From what I've seen of my current target, she will fall into the "adventurous" category. And there's no doubt in my mind that I will get her.

There are five or six in their little group, though two of them seem to be the common thread, almost always there while the others slide in and out. As it turns out, those are the two that have caught my eye, especially one, the strawberry blonde with the cute little body and lots of spunk. She seems to be the ringleader, the one they all revolve around, with a vibrant personality and a quick-witted, sarcastic style that make her the center of attention. I've been plotting how to get her into bed since the first time I saw her. Over the past few weeks I've managed to break the ice a bit, talking to her and her friends casually as the opportunities arose, making myself a familiar face, if nothing else. But today I'll make my move.

Luckily for me, there's a chaise open today right next to them, and my fantasy girl is right on the end. I saunter over casually and ask if the spot is taken. "Huh? ... Oh hi. No, go ahead," she says. I give her a friendly thank-you smile and politely drag the chaise a few feet away, still close enough to interact, but not crowding their space. I remove my swim cover and lie down, about six feet from my little redhead in the end position.

I pretend to read but I'm listening to their chatter, searching for something that will provide an opening for me. I quickly learn that my girl's name is Joanna, though some of them just call her Jo. Her friend, the other one who's there most often, is Jenny, a pretty brunette with a much different body type from Joanna - voluptuous and hippy, with a pleasant trace of lingering baby fat. I like her, too, and I catch a few other names, but they don't really matter right now. I have my focus.

Her hair is a light, reddish blonde, short and straight, kind of punky - a look that fits her personality perfectly. She's so feisty but such a little thing, trim and lithe, with boyish hips, a perfect, flat stomach and boobs that are small but nicely shaped. Her lime green bikini accents and exposes her body so nicely. She seems to be naturally fair-skinned, but right now she's lightly tanned from the summer sun. I can't take my eyes off her, though I keep my gaze hidden behind my sunglasses.

Their girlish banter fills the air, running the gamut from silly to boisterous, to rather ribald, bordering on crude. "Eat me raw!" I hear Joanna cry at one point, responding to some feigned insult. It's a little too loud, and I notice a few of the older women giving the girls nasty looks. Interestingly, I also notice a recurring theme of lesbian references in their talk, usually with a negative tone, as put-downs to one another. I file that away for future use.

I take a quick dip in the pool to cool off - only up to my waist, of course, making sure not to affect my hair and makeup. When I return, the topic has changed. Joanna is expounding about some boy she dated, or something. Apparently it wasn't the best experience, or maybe she's just entertaining her friends. In any case, she seems a little disdainful, making fun at the poor boy's expense.

"...he had a little dick, but a really nice sports car, so it wasn't a total waste. First things first, you know." They all laugh at Jo's comment, but again, the sexual reference doesn't go so well with the residents who overhear it.

Luckily, the others decide to get into the pool, leaving me alone with my girl. I take advantage of the situation, leaning over to make a quiet comment on her little routine. "That was a funny comment about your boy friend," I say, "but you know, some of the blue-hairs here aren't so open-minded about sexual topics." I smile sweetly and add, "I'd hate to see them make a complaint about your little group. I think you add something to the atmosphere around here."

Joanna eyes me a bit, then looks around the pool before she responds. "Yeah," I see what you mean," she says. "Not the hippest crowd around here, huh?"

"Well, we're not all so stodgy," I assure her. I offer my hand, providing an introduction. "I find you're very entertaining, By the way, I'm Lynn." 

Joanna takes my hand coolly, but I get a little thrill at the first touch of her skin. "Hi," she says, "I'm Joanna. Oh, and he wasn't my boyfriend, just some random guy I hooked up with." I like the implication of that - her casual attitude toward sex. 

I acknowledge my error politely, then change the topic, moving to something that will hopefully lead to more. "So you like sports cars?" I ask. 

She smiles, suddenly warming up, and replies that she's got a 'thing' for fast cars. "They're such a rush," she says with some enthusiasm. 

Encouraged, I ask, "Are you familiar with the BMW Z4 M?"

She scrunches her face cutely as she tries to picture the Z4. "No, I don't think so. I don't know the names too much. I just know the looks. Sounds expensive, though." That last comment seems to be a plus in itself.

"Well, yes, it's a little pricey," I say, "at least with all the options. But it's worth it - you're right, it's a rush." I pause for effect, then continue, "Mine is out in the parking lot if you want to see it. In fact, it's a perfect day for a ride if you're interested." 

There it is - my first move. I feel my heart pumping as she considers my offer, her head tilting to the side as she does so, probably wandering what I'm up to. I'm counting on her spontaneity and love of adventure to push her in the right direction. After a long pause, she gives a little smile and says "Sure, let's go see it. I'm bored with this place anyway." I'm thrilled.

We gather our stuff, slipping our swim covers over our suits, and head out to my parking spot. Joanna spots my little gem as we approach it and responds immediately. "Oh wow, is that it?" she asks. "It's so cool. I love the color." 

"Yes," I reply, "I think red is the only true color for a sports car. And I really like the look of this one - it's hot, but not too 'muscley', if you know what I mean. It's a good fit for a woman." 

Joanna's only response is a quiet "Yeah,", but I can tell she's really excited by the car.

I take down the top to give her a good look, and she checks it all out - the chrome, the dials, the plush, leather seats, which she caresses like a lover. "So what do you think?" I ask. "Want to go for a ride?" I get a quick "Yes" in response and tell her to wait while I go get the keys.

One of the things I love about my condo complex is the bar they have in the pool area on the weekends. I take advantage of it now, returning quickly to the pool to order a double Mai Tai ("extra strong, please") before returning to the parking lot. I find Joanna there, still admiring my expensive toy. I hand the drink to her, explaining, "I can't do this while I drive," I explain as I hand her the drink, "but you should. It really adds to the feeling." I don't say it, but I'm hoping it also reduces her inhibitions, though from what I've seen of Joanna, those aren't terribly intrusive. 

Joanna takes a quick sip and smiles. "Mmmmm, nice," she says.

We hop into the car and I navigate quickly out of the city area to the curvy hill roads that are so perfect for this kind of driving. I'm going fast - not crazy fast, but enough to add some thrill to the ride as we swing back and forth on the winding roads. The top is down, of course, and Joanna looks even more appealing as she enjoys the brisk breeze ruffling her hair. She settles back into the embrace of the leather seat, smiling broadly, her eyes almost closed as she sips at her drink and basks in the afternoon sun. Despite the sun, with our light coverings the wind is cool, and I can see the little peaks of Joanna's erect nipples poking out under her swim wrap. My god, she looks hotter than ever. I really want her now. 

"Are you enjoying this?" I ask, raising my voice over the rushing wind and the roar of the engine. 

"Yeah," she replies, "this is great. Great car." 

I smile warmly. "I'm glad you like it," I tell her. "You look perfect in this car. You need to drive it sometime." As I say this, I reach down to place a hand tentatively on Joanna's thigh, feeling its warmth through the thin fabric of the her swim cover. Joanna responds with a bright smile and an enthusiastic nod. I give her leg a little squeeze, getting another subtle smile in return. Encouraged, I leave my hand there, until I have to move it, reluctantly, to shift gears. I return my hand to her leg, a little higher up this time, but to my chagrin, she reaches down to gently push it away. I look over at her and get a little smile and a crinkle of her nose - no indication to go ahead, but not a complete rejection, either. 

We drive a while longer, mostly in silence, Joanna finishing her drink while I watch the road. And then I decide to try something else. I turn up a long road and go until at last we are at one of my favorite spots - a beautiful overlook. "Let's stop for a while," I say. Joanna's response is a noncommittal shrug, but she gets out and follows me to a bench.

We sit there, looking out over the ocean. The blue waters are just beautiful, capped by the white peaks of waves, with a sailboat here and there to add to the scene. "I love this place." 

Joanna responds with a simple, "It's nice." I can sense that she's feeling the effects of the Mai Tai, which was far stronger than its sweet taste indicated.

The bench is small and we're quite close to each other, our legs just inches apart. I reach over to touch her, but just on the hand, more cautious now than in the car. "I hope I didn't offend you before when I touched you," I say.

I get a little smirk from Joanna. That seems to be a common reaction from her. "It's okay," she says, "I thought you might do that. I'm used to it."

That's interesting. "Really?" I respond, "Why is that?"

"Oh, I don't know," she replies. "Chicks just always seem to be coming on to me. I guess I have this 'look' or something."

"I'd say the 'look' is simply that you're so very attractive." As I speak, my hand moves subtly back to her knee. "How long have you had this ...'problem' with other girls?"

Joanna responds to my compliment with a suspicious, sidelong look, glances briefly down at my presumptuous hand, then answers my question. "A while. It started at the beginning of freshman year," she says in a very blasé tone. "I let my RA in the dorm do me," She lets that settle in for a moment before continuing. "No big deal - I could tell she wanted me, and I was kinda curious, too, so I figured, 'What the heck, could get some special favors out of it.' I kinda did, too - a little slack on the rules, you know? - but really it was just fun. She was pretty good at it." Joanna looks me straight in the eye and winks as she delivers her final line, "She made me cum. And she got off on it. That was hot." I suppose that she's hoping to shock or titillate me, but I just smile.

"And that was it?" I ask, knowing full well she has more to say. "Just the one time?"

She pauses for a moment, as if pondering how much she should tell, then answers. "Nah, we hooked up a few more times after that. And then I let some other lezzie chicks do me too," She gives a disinterested shrug. "They wanted to and I was horny. It's 'interesting' seeing a chick get all hot and bothered over you. And besides," she adds with a naughty grin, "they give good head. And they loved making me cum."

"But you never 'did' them?" I ask. I have to admit this talk is getting me even more aroused than I was to begin with. 

Another shrug. "Not really ...well, a little. I felt guilty a couple times so I sucked some tittie and fingered them off. But that was it." She looks at me for emphasis. "I'm straight, really. Girls are fun, but I'm not into pussy."

I suspect that she's in denial, but I say nothing, just look at her, letting my silence encourage her to continue.

"So yeah," she says finally, "I've fooled around with girls, but it doesn't mean anything." With a shrug she adds, "Fun, but nothing earth-shattering."

"Hmmmmm, yes, I see," I answer, "but they did give 'good head', as you say. And those were still just girls, weren't they?" I run my hand lightly over her thigh and feel an almost imperceptible response as I continue, "You've never had a real *woman* make love to you? There is such a difference, you know, when someone is really experienced." My fingers continue to insinuate over her soft flesh.

Joanna says nothing for a long moment. She sneaks another look down at my hand and I can see that she's considering what I've said, and how she should answer. This is getting exciting. A secret smile curls the ends of her lips. Finally she speaks again, her eyes probing mine. "Something tells me you want to show me." 

Bingo! I keep my reserve, though I'm burning inside. "I'd love to," I say coolly. "Would you like that?" My hand moves delicately over her knee as I speak. She tenses up ever so slightly, an almost imperceptible response to my touch. It is not a negative response, but not overtly accepting, either. I let my hand roam a bit farther as I continue my pitch, moving higher on her leg, then caressing the back of her knee. Joanna doesn't say a thing, but I can feel her arousal growing. Mine is certainly doing the same, though we both do our best not to show it. 

"Well," she says at last, still feigning disinterest, "I guess it might be fun. I can see you really want it." She really wants it too, despite her tacit denial. She doesn't want to let me know, to risk giving me the upper hand. But I don't care if she admits it or not. I've got the answer I wanted. 

"It will be fun," I assure her with a smile. Then, taking her chin in my hand, I apply a slow, gentle kiss to her sweet lips. Her response is muted at first, but she warms to my touch, allowing my tongue to wander languorously into her mouth, then using her own to wash sensuously over it. I feel a rush between my legs and want more, but this is not the place. Pulling away, I look at her with a combination of affection and lust. "Trust me, darling," I assure her, "you're really going to like this." I take her hand and lead her back to the car.

We're both pretty quiet on the way back. I know my reason - I'm doing my best to suppress my excitement. As for Joanna's uncharacteristic silence, I don't know. Maybe she's nervous about what she's agreed to, or maybe she's like me - very turned on but not willing to show it yet. I reach over and run my hand softly up her thigh and get a winsome smile in return. That's encouraging. 

We're still quiet as we make our way to my condo. I let Joanna in first and then follow her inside, where I immediately grab her, my hands on her waist as we face each other. I've been waiting for this for a long time, both today and in the weeks building up to it, and I'm in no mood now for further delay. Joanna is looking at me intently, apparently slightly amused at my state. With a little smirk she says, "You really wanna do me now, don't you?"

She's right, I do want her, badly, and her cocky attitude only adds to her allure. Beyond her physical charms, there's a wildness about her that I find irresistible. I want to experience that wildness in the most intimate ways. And I want to tame it, too. My response to her question is a non-verbal one - a hot, open-mouth kiss that produces a quiet moan in both of us. 

Joanna's hands move immediately to my head, holding my face with delightful subtlety. She may not be that into girls, but she sure knows how to kiss. Meanwhile, my own hands roam possessively over her sweet little body, up her back, pausing briefly at her neck, then moving down to cup her tight little bottom. I move to the tie of her swim cover, undoing it deftly, letting it drop to the floor in a heap. Now she is clad only in that skimpy green bikini, exposing her further to my touch. I can't resist more and quickly undo her top, then bend down to strip off her bikini bottom. Joanna now stands naked before me, her trim curves fully revealed. She looks absolutely delicious.

I lead her to the bedroom where she plops onto the bed while I remove my own clothes. Joanna watches me intently as I strip, her legs open slightly to let me see her private parts, her hands moving sensuously over her own body - her breasts, her belly, touching briefly between her legs. She's teasing me, enjoying the power she feels at the moment, and I have to admit it's working. I want her anyway, but seeing her stretched out there, watching her play with herself, is incredibly exciting. And her demeanor, that "look what I've got for you" attitude, makes it all even better.

My clothes finally gone, I move to join Joanna on the bed. As I do so, I notice her eyes moving over me, taking in the sight of my body. It may be my imagination, but I sense an admiration in her eyes, an indication that she likes what she sees. I get onto the bed and take her in my arms, thrilling to the silky feel of her flesh against mine. I bring her lips to mine and my hands wander over her body as we kiss. Her skin is wonderful, so perfect and soft as I glide effortlessly over it. I pass briefly over her breasts - lingering, teasing - then trail lightly across her stomach, which quivers delightfully at my touch. Joanna is clearly excited now and she emits a little moan as my hands move over her belly and down to the delicious treat between her legs. I play there briefly, still teasing, my fingers running delicately over her lips, barely touching, just enough to further arouse her. Her hands go to my upper arms and stay there, holding on as I continue to stimulate her.
