 Joanne had just brought Amy to several of the most intense orgasms she had ever felt or experienced in her life. Joanne had eaten her pussy like a woman possessed and if she hadn't pushed Joanne's head away, she was sure that Joanne would have kept on devouring her wet pussy. 

"where did you learn to eat pussy like that?" Amy gasped to which Joanne replied "that was my first time". Amy found that hard to believe but opted not to question her answer because she was enjoying the intimacy of the moment however she decided right then and there that if it was indeed Joanne's first time with another woman then she was going to make it a night that Joanne would never forget. "turn over baby" Amy whispered and Joanne willingly complied and gasped sharply as she felt Amy's tongue slither down the middle of her back and moaned deeply when she felt Amy's hot tongue ever so gently flick and lap at her anus. 

"oh that feels so nasty" Joanne giggled as Amy's tongue became more bolder and pushed against Joanne's quivering sphincter causing Joanne to push back against Amy's face causing Amy's nose to become wedged between the cheeks of Joanne's ass as her tongue was now probing the inner depths of her lover's asshole. Joanne had never felt anything like it before but she had to admit that having Amy suck her ass like this was turning her on more than she had ever been turned on in her life. "am I becoming a lesbian" Joanne thought to herself as Amy's tongue became like a miniature, wiggling penis sliding in and out of her hot ass. Occasionally Amy would slide her tongue down to Joanne's cuntal area and part the lips of her wet womanhood and delve in her hole for a few seconds before returning to the inner sanctum of her partners asshole. 

"don't move" Amy said softly as she reached under the mattress and produced a huge plastic dildo complete with straps and proceeded to put it on all the while Joanne lay on her stomach with eyes closed and body trembling in anticipation while she waited to feel Amy's tongue once again explore her asshole and her pussy. But Amy had other ideas and Bobby's eyes widened with excitement as he realized what Amy had in store for Joanne. "she is going to fuck Joanne in the ass!" he whispered to himself as Amy once again bent down to swab Joanne's asshole with saliva and once again probed her ass with her tongue all the while rubbing Joanne's asscheeks with her hands. 

"oh that feels so good baby" Joanne moaned as Amy ate Joanne's ass with increasing passion and Joanne could feel the familiar tremors start and the heat slowly beginning to build in her crotch and she was sure she was dripping wet from the oral ministrations of Amy's tongue and mouth which was working tirelessly on her lovers asshole and pussy. Suddenly Amy sat up and with one hand positioned the huge plastic fuck stick so that it lined up with Joanne's glistening sphincter and moaned "I've got a big surprise for you honey" as she pushed the head of the huge invader ever so gently against Joanne's anus and steadily, slowly and firmly began pushing against it with her fake cock. "what are you doing "Joanne exclaimed as she felt the huge dildo push against her ass and felt a twinge of discomfort as she realized what was happening and tried to move in protest but Amy was not having any of it. She grasped Joanne's hips firmly in her hands and with one swift lunge, quickly inserted the first two inches of plastic cock past Joanne's anal ring which caused Joanne to wince in pain and beg Amy to stop but her words fell on deaf ears as Amy continued to push forward, stretching the muscles of Joanne's 

Ass lewdly around it, s girth. Joanne felt like she was being impaled by the plastic intruder and tried to struggle but now Amy had firm control of her and was leaning into her so she could not move as she continued to slide the huge phallic intruder deeper in to the hot recesses of Joanne's ass. When she had over half the dildo inside of her lover, Amy began a slow in and out motion with her hips causing the fake cock to piston in and out of Joanne's tight asshole. Just when Joanne began to think that she would pass out from the pain of having her ass stretched by the huge fuck stick sliding in and out of her lewdly stretched anal cavity, she began to feel a strange yet delightful feeling starting to build in her loins and before she realized what she was doing, she started moving back against her lover in an attempt to get more of Amy's dildo deep in her ass. "what is happening to me?"

Joanne asked herself as she found her self responding to the hot ass-fuck she was receiving from Amy. Amy smiled to herself as she noticed that she no longer had to grip Joanne's hips with her hands while she fucked Joanne in her ass. She was ecstatic to see how quickly her partner in lust was responding to her first time being screwed in the ass with a dildo that was probably larger than most men's real equipment. "oooohhh god" Joanne moaned as she began to move back and forth faster on Amy's plastic cock, trying to get as much as she could up her ass. Amy noticed the increasing movement of Joanne's body and increased the tempo of her thrusts in and out of Joanne's anus. "yeah baby" Amy hissed between clenched teeth "take it baby, take it up your ass, ooooh yeah". Bobby could not believe what he was seeing. 

He never thought that he would see the day where Joanne would let anyone-man or woman-stick anything in her ass but yet here she was now howling like a banshee as Amy impaled her with the huge plastic cock, her hips now flying back and forth against Joanne's upturned asscheeks with a lust-induced determination. "oh yes Amy" Joanne cried out "shove it up my ass, oh god yes, fuck me baby, oh my god it feels so good, buried so deep in my ass, yes, yes, faster honey, make me cum she howled as Amy fucked her like a woman gone mad. 

So carried away was Amy that she was now pulling Joanne's hair as she drilled her rectum with the huge plastic ramrod. "come for me jo" Amy howled as she worked the dildo in and out relentlessly, so much so that Bobby thought for sure she would go to deep and cause Joanne pain but that was not the case as Joanne seemed to be taken over by huge waves of pleasure and increasing passion as the onslaught continued unabated. Bobby saw Joanne's legs began to tremble as her first anal induced orgasm began to creep up on her. "faster baby faster!" Joanne screamed as the pleasure became too much for her to endure "don't stop, please don't stop, yes! yes! harder baby, oh god it feels incredible, oh yeah I'm going to come, I can't believe it, oooohhh! She moaned as her orgasm exploded through her body and she pushed back hard against Amy until all but about an inch of the huge dick was buried deep inside her ass. Amy was a mad woman as she whipped her plastic cock faster and faster in and out of her lovers ass and was becoming so excited by what she was doing that she too felt an intense orgasm building inside of her pussy and she was determined to take Joanne to heights of pleasure that she had never experienced. "yes baby" Amy hissed as she fucked Joanne's ass with long, hard, powerful, ass spreading strokes. Bobby could see Amy's asscheeks flexing with each thrust"take it deep in your ass" Amy snarled with lust and the ass pounding became more intense. Joanne was in heaven

, the pain having been replaced by intense, toe-tingling, mind boggling, glorious pleasure as Amy forced the huge invader deep in to her ass again and again causing Joanne to cry out in pleasure with each forward thrust of the dildo. 

" ooohhh Amy I never thought it could be like this" Joanne sobbed as yet another orgasm overtook her body. "take me baby, ooooohhh god yesss!" Joanne pounded her fists on the bed and chewed on the pillow in front of her face as she was taken over by mind blowing waves of intense pleasure as the dildo sawed maddeningly in and out of her spasming asshole. Amy could sense that yet another orgasm was building for her lover and she drove her dildo deep into Joanne's ass with increased fervor and passion, going as deep as she could with each thrust. From his vantage point on the fire escape, Bobby could plainly see that Joanne was truly enjoying her first ass-fuck and to make it even more erotic and thrilling for her.. It was at the hands of her first lesbian lover. 

Joanne's animalistic moans of intense pleasure mixed with Amy's groans of passion filled the room accompanied by the rapid fire squeaking of the bed as Amy took Joanne to new heights of lesbian pleasure Joanne had never known before. Suddenly Joanne's body shook uncontrollably in a way resembling the way a person having a seizure would shake as yet another powerful orgasm ripped through her and hit her with the force of a mack truck as Amy buried the huge cock as far as she could in Joanne's asshole and kept it buried deep inside of her lover's rectum. All the while grinding her hips in a circular motion and ass against Joanne's quivering buttocks. 

As Joanne began to come down from her orgasm Amy suddenly pulled the greasy, fat, rubber prick out of Joanne's well fucked, wide open asshole and rolled Joanne over on to her back and quickly straddled Joanne's head and rubbed the greasy plastic member on Joanne's lips at the same time grabbing her new lovers head in her hands with a look of wild abandonment over taking her face. "open your mouth bitch" Amy commanded all the while forcing the huge cock into Joanne's mouth. Bobby was shocked and aroused to see that Joanne willing opened her mouth to accept the huge invader that only seconds ago had been buried in the deep recesses of her ass. 

Amy's hips and ass now obscured Joanne's face from Bobby's lustful gaze as her asscheeks settled on to Joanne's breasts but judging by the way Amy's ass was moving back and forth in front of Joanne's face he knew that Amy was fucking Joanne's mouth with the huge rubber cock strapped to her crotch. Joanne choked and coughed as her gag reflex kicked in as Amy forced the huge prick deep into Joanne's mouth all the while holding Joanne's head in a vise-like grip with her hands. Despite the fact that she occasionally gagged when the rubber invader would enter her throat, Joanne felt herself responding to Amy's rape of her mouth as her hands came up to grip Amy's flexing asscheeks as she drove the dildo in and out of her lover's mouth. 

In the 14 months that Bobby had been married to Amy, he had never seen her act this was in bed before. She was like a wild woman as she continued to stroke her fake cock deep into Joanne's throat all the while holding Joanne's head firmly in her hands and threw her head back and howled at the ceiling as she fucked Joanne's face with wild abandon. Bobby watched as Joanne's right hand would occasionally drop down and work around Amys pussy while continuing to grip Amy's ass with the other as she continued to accept the dildo deep in her gullet. Suddenly wet. 

Slurping sounds filled the room as Joanne wrapped her lips around Amy's fake prick and began to suck it the way a woman would suck a mans cock. The sight of Joanne sucking madly on the rubber dick pushing in and out of her mouth turned Amy on immensly. Amy thrust the huge cock in as far as she could into Joanne's throat and pulled savagely on Joanne's hair and gripped her head in such a way as to prevent Joanne from moving thus causing Joanne's to swallow and when she did the rubber dildo slid right in to her throat and impaired her breathing for several seconds and she thrashed and struggled to break free but Amy's grasp on her head was too strong and she kept pushing the rubber cock further into Joanne's throat. Bobby was beside himself with lust as he watched Amy totally dominate Joanne almost the way a dominatrix would and he whipped out his cock and began to stroke it vigorously as he watched his ex-girlfriend being turned into a sex slave by his ex-wife. 

Just when Bobby thought that Joanne would pass out from lack of oxygen, Amy suddenly pulled the huge phallic member out of Joanne's mouth with a loud popping noise. Amy then began to feverishly kiss her way down Joanne's writhing body as Joanne's fingers entwined themselves in her lover's blonde hair and guiding Amy's mouth, lips and tongue down to her soaking wet pussy. Joanne's ass arched up off the bed and her legs flew wide open as Amy buried her face in Joanne's humid quim. Amy put her hands on Joanne's stomach and forced her back down to the mattress, she then used her hands to push Jo's legs back and spread them wide apart thus exposing her lovers gash to her lustful gaze and audible sucking, slurping noises soon filled the room mixed with Joanne's cries of pleasure as Amy ate her partner out with a ravenous hunger. Joanne's hands came down to grip Amy's bobbing head and force her face deeper into her spasming pussy as Amy's tongue shot deep inside her vaginal opening. 

Amy made a wet succulent meal out of her lovers twat as Joanne's crotch grinded against her mouth, taking Amy's tongue as far up inside her as possible and gasping and sobbing with pleasure as she felt Amy's tongue lick her inner walls and coat Amy's mouth with her love nectar. Amy could not get enough of Joanne's cream and repeatedly sucked the whole pussy into her mouth all the while using her tongue like a spoon to scoop up all the juice she could get from the moist, hot recesses of Joanne's hole. 

"oh my god baby" Joanne screamed as Amy's tongue repeatedly speared into Joanne's cunt and her lips completely engulfed her baby's pussy. "lick it up and down, yeah, just like that! suck my clit in your mouth honey" Joanne moaned as she felt yet another tremendous orgasm building deep in her groin. "yes, yes, yes, don't stop, oooohhhh, suck my pussy, make me explode in your mouth, oooohhh god, I'm gonna come, don't stop Amy, please don't stop. Here it comes.. OOOHHHH GODDDD!!! I'M COMMMIINNNGGGGG!!!!!. Joanne screamed loudly as her pussy convulsed against Amy's mouth and inundated her lips and tongue with thick sweet pussy cream. 

Amy moaned her approval as she ate Joanne's pussy but it was muffled by the hot cunt that was pressing against and enveloping her mouth. As Joanne came down from her most powerful climax yet Amy showered wet kisses all over her pussy and inner thighs and then she slid up to let Joanne taste herself as the two lesbian lovers shared an intimate, passionate french kiss, their tongues dueling madly with each other as they moaned into each other's mouths. "my god that was fantastic honey" Joanne said as she held Amy in her arms and stroked her new found lovers hair as tears of joy ran down her face. Never before had anyone taken her to heights of pleasure such as Amy had and she felt a familiar butterfly feeling building in the pit of her stomach as Amy dfifted off to sleep in her arms... She was falling in love with Amy and she didn't want to stop it either.