 Cherished readers, this is NOT one of my sexual fantasy pieces. This is real, and we don't do it nearly as often as I'd like...

Thanksgiving dinner was over. Guests were gone and everything was cleaned up. We were VERY happy to get back to normal with our clothes off. For the first time that day, she was relaxing...I was almost relaxing...my pussy was not relaxing.

I don't think it ever does...

After eating so much, you can't just sit there and fall asleep! After a LITTLE relaxation, you really need to work it off! How best to do that? SEX! Okay, lots of exercise the next day, but, right now, SEX!

My legs were spread. I think they're always spread, Blue saw my pussy lips wiggling a little and said, "Gee, Sunny...is there any time you don't want to have sex?"

"Come on! I haven't had an orgasm since...let's see...since I woke up!"

She smiled at me, slid her naked body between my thighs and brought her lips to mine, speaking hotly, "You liked getting your pussy sucked this morning, didn't you."

I slid my tongue in her mouth and kissed her wetly, then replied, "Fuck yes, I did! You held onto me and sucked me hard, just the way I like it!"

Blue smiled. She's an expert at sucking me, and can make me cum in 30 seconds or less. Then again...then again...and again...

I patted her pussy and told her, "Don't move, hotstuff. I'll be right back." I got up and tossed my hair back against my ass as I was walking away, shakin' my stuff real good for her.

She called out to me, "You'd better hurry or I'll cum before you get back!"

I yelled back, "You'd better not!"

I ran upstairs and turned on the shower floor heating system. I was pretty sure we were going to need that. Then to the kitchen, where I grabbed a bag of chocolate truffles, favored by us because they melt so easily, and are soooooo ultra-smooth.

When I got back to the living room, my hot baby was playing with her pussy...she held out her hand for me to lick her fingers when I sat down...I held her hand and hungrily sucked her fingers, one by one with my eyes closed, my pussy throbbing harder.

We both almost came right then...almost...

I opened the bag of truffles and she smiled. She knows I can't behave myself with those around. 

She took one of them, smiled and said, "Give your pussy to me, baby." I eagerly slid down and draped one leg on the back of the couch and put my other foot on the coffee table. She rubbed the truffle on my outer lips, then slid it so easily in my hot...wet...pussy.

I leaned my head back with my eyes closed, completely overtaken with total pleasure. I slid down more and tucked my knees back with my legs spread...I could feel, and Baby could see, the melted chocolate mixed with my hot juices dripping from my pussy and starting to flow to between my ass and pussy... 

"Oooooooohhhhhhh...please, please eat me! You need to suck me, because this is JUST about to make me cum!"

She giggled more, then licked my pussy from my ass to my clit, lapping at the liquid chocolate as it oozed from me...when I was seconds away from cumming, she pounced her mouth on my pussy and SUCKED me, taking my pussy and the rest of my body through my screaming orgasm...

My body relaxed with my legs propped up again and my head laid back. "Oh, Blue...you are sooooooooo good..."

She was sliding her finger through my pussy and licking it, sending little quivers through my body. "You're pretty good too! I like chocolate Sunnypussy!"

Her face met my pussy again and she sucked the rest of my chocolate juices, her mouth riding me to another wild orgasm...

"FUCK, BABY!"

I sat up and leaned to her, licking all of me from her lips, then spoke softly to her mouth, "I think I have a treat for you, babydoll."

"Oooooooooooooo..."

I stood up and took her hand. "Come with me to the shower...this will get messy."

"Hell yes! I think I'll like this!"

Leading her by the hand, I looked back at her, tossed my hair and smiled. "I'm going to chocolate pussyfuck you...yeah...you'll like it."

We sat on the almost-hot shower floor. "Watch this!" I made three chocolate truffles disappear in my pussy.

"Damn, Sunny..."

She laid back and spread her legs for me. I spread mine and leaned back on my hands. She was already shaking. "Fuck me, Sunny!"

Chocolate and lots of my juices were oozing from me...my orchid lips were swollen and hot. She grabbed my legs, pulling my pussy to hers and cried out in pleasure when my pussy rubbed hers, bathing her pussy in my juices and LOTS of smooth, creamy chocolate...

I pushed against her hard, fucking her pussy with mine, her orgasm getting closer by the second...we fucked roughly in a duet of whimpers and squeals, our pussies rubbing and slapping...we were both already out of our minds with impending orgasms!

We both screamed out and came like hell! I know a LOT of my chocolate and cum flowed inside her pussy, mixing with her luscious cum and pulsing back out of her, both of us in orgasms that seemed never to stop!

I fell onto my back...both our asses were in a warm, delicious puddle...we were breathless...

"Oh...fuck...baby..."

"Fuck, Blue..."

"I know..."

I sat up and slid my face between her thighs to her pussy...she held my legs and pulled me around...I spread my legs and she buried her mouth in my pussy. Hungrily, we licked and sucked each other's smooth pussies clean, both of us cumming again in orgasms that rocked our bodies hard.

I turned around and we wrapped ourselves around each other, our wet, slippery lips trying get enough in a mass of whimpering kisses and "I love yous."

The End