 I submitted one story today already. I began reading several stories on Literotica today, and they got me worked up into a wet mess. I decided to write another. I've already tried to write this story once, but failed to complete it  because I had to stop and masturbate. It's been about 15 minutes since I finished pleasing my pussy, and it appears to be satisfied. At least for the moment. So I'll get on with my story. This story happened a few weeks after my first time with Cindy. 

I received a call from Cindy, and she invited me over to her house. I accepted immediately, and ran to my room. I found a white tank top, and put it on. It didn't look very good on me. So I took off my bra and teased my nipples until they were erect. I looked in the mirror and saw my nipples through my shirt. That was the look I was going for. I put on some small shorts, that would show some cheek when I bent over, and ran to Cindy's house. 

My heart was pounding, not from running, but from anticipating some pussy. I went to the front door, and Cindy was standing there waiting for me. She let me in and we both walked to the living room. I sat on her couch, hoping Cindy would sit beside me. Cindy stood there in a red satin slip. It just covered her crotch area. As she walked toward me, I could see she wasn't wearing any panties. She then turned and walked toward her kitchen. Her ass was clearly visible. She offered me a drink, but I declined, hoping to get started on her pussy as soon as possible. 

She returned to the living room and sat beside me and informed me she had a surprise. I asked her what it was, but she said I would have to wait a few minutes. She crossed her legs and began playing with my hair. I couldn't resist her long legs, and I began to run her hand from her calf to her thigh. She took my hand and told me I should be patient. She sat there with a dirty little grin on her face. I couldn't take the suspense. I begged her to tell me what the surprise was. She said she would give me a few hints.

She asked me if I remembered a woman named Kerrie that I had met at Cindy's pool party about a year ago. Of course I did. Kerrie was about 5'6", blonde hair, perky tits, and an ass you wouldn't mind kissing. I told Cindy I remembered her, and Cindy said she was on her way over. Cindy asked if I would like to join in a threesome. I paused, pretended I had to think about it, and accepted. 

Cindy kept running her hands through my hair, when we heard the doorbell. Cindy got up and walked to the door. Her slip was stuck to the small of her back, so I could see her ass sway as she walked. My pussy was getting excited. I heard the door open, and heard Kerrie's voice. She walked into the living room and my jaw hit the floor. "Surprise!" yelled Cindy.

Kerrie was still blonde, still pretty, but her tits were swollen, and she was nine months pregnant! Kerrie looked at Cindy and asked her if she told me. Cindy told Kerrie she had, but left out a few details for surprise. Kerrie stood there in a huge sun shirt, and baggy shorts. Her hands were on the back of her hips, and she had a slight lean backwards. She placed one hand on her huge belly, and took a few deep breaths. Cindy asked her if she was all right. Kerrie laughed and told Cindy not to worry, she wasn't going to have the baby on her floor. We all laughed and  Kerrie walked further into  the living room. Cindy asked Kerrie how much longer she had, and Kerrie told us it would be any day. She said she could tell by the way her tits were leaking.

There was a brief moment of silence, but it was broken when Kerrie looked at me and asked,"Do you want to  join us two girls for some pussy?"  I told her I'd love too, and she began to walk, or should I say "waddle" down Cindy's hallway toward her bedroom. The three of us entered the room, and Kerrie was the first to get undressed. I watched as she took of her shirt and shorts. She reached back, unhooked her bra, and her tits came flying out. She tossed her bra to the side, and then slid of her panties. I stared at Kerrie's tits for almost a minute. Her nipples weren't pink, they were brown. Cindy told me to start getting undressed, because she was going to let me go first.

Kerrie situated herself on the bed, and spread her legs. She grabbed two pillows and put them to her side for support. Kerrie asked me if I had ever experienced a pregnant woman before. I told her Cindy was my only experience. Kerrie said I would get more experience as soon as I started college. I now know what she meant!

Kerrie waved me over to her and patted the bed next to her, suggesting to me to sit. She grabbed her left tit, and with her right hand, guided my mouth to her nipple. I began to suck as her nipple went hard. She told me to suck a little harder. I took a small breath, and sucked as firmly as I could. I felt my mouth fill with her warm milk. She moaned with delight. I swallowed what I had in my mouth and began sucking again. As I sucked her milk in my mouth, she squeezed her tit, and her milk sprayed the back of my throat. I swallowed what I could, but some milk came out of my mouth and dripped on her tit. 

Kerrie asked me if I was enjoying it. I answered her by taking her right tit in my mouth. Again, her warm milk sprayed my mouth as I sucked and squeezed it. She began fondling my tits, and teasing my nipples. Kerrie began moaning and told me she wanted my pussy. Cindy told me to assume the sixty-nine position on Kerrie. I looked up to see Cindy in her chair, her legs hanging over the arms of the chair, and masturbating.

I straddled Kerrie's face. She moaned to Cindy that she loved my red pussy hair. Kerrie grabbed my hips, and pulled my pussy to her mouth. She started to probe my pussy with her tongue. I leaned forward, placing my face between Kerrie's legs, and leaned forward toward her pussy. I felt my tits press against her belly. I smelled Kerrie's pussy. I was getting very aroused. She had more pussy hair than I had ever seen on a woman.

I wrapped my arms around her thighs, and parted her pussy hair, until I could slide my tongue into her hole. Kerrie bucked her hips when I slid my tongue on her clit. I could tell by the way she was eating my pussy she was really enjoying what I was doing to her. It had only been a minute, at the most two, when Kerrie's pussy juice began to leak. She was moaning, begging me not to stop. I could feel her lapping my pussy lips while she came.

Cindy stood up and approached the bed. She took off her slip, and climbed on the bed in front of Kerrie's feet. I noticed something in Cindy's hand. Cindy brought it up to her pussy, and slid one end of it into her pussy. I had never seen a dildo that big. She then slid the other end into Kerrie. Kerrie moaned loudly, and sucked my clit into her mouth.

Cindy began pumping Kerrie with the dildo. I reached out and firmly pinched Cindy's nipple. Her mouth opened and Cindy began breathing heavily. I took turns with Cindy's tits, and Kerrie's clit. I watched Cindy's face as she fucked Kerrie with the dildo. I could tell by the Look on Cindy's face she was about to cum. I heard Cindy's scream "oh shit I'm Cumming!" I looked at the dildo and it was covered in a white cream, and I could see parts of the bed that Cindy sprayed with her cum. 

Kerrie told Cindy I hadn't cum yet. I had almost cum on Kerrie's face, but I was a little nervous. Cindy pushed my shoulders up, until I was directly over Kerrie's face. Cindy began kissing me. I could taste her lipstick. Cindy began to focus on my tits, and sucked hard on my nipples. Kerrie was busy diving her tongue in my pussy. Cindy reached down between my legs and began to rub my clit. She whispered to me to relax, and cum whenever I wanted to. Kerrie commanded me to do it on her face. 

Cindy's fingers were swirling on my clit, and Kerrie's tongue was lapping my pussy hole when it happened. Without any build up, or notice, my pussy filled with a fiery orgasm, and I gushed cum into Kerrie's mouth. Kerrie sealed my pussy with her lips and swallowed all my cum. I couldn't believe how good that felt! 

After a few minutes, we all got up and took a break. We didn't bother putting our clothes on. About 30 minutes later, Cindy and I were sucking warm milk out of Kerrie again. I can't describe what it's like to suck milk out of a woman's tits, but if you get the chance, I highly recommend it!