 "Kim, find a bra that pushes your boobs up more," Michelle ordered me. She was my best friend, and her mission in life seemed to be introducing me to the glorious world of sex in college. She tossed orders around like a drill sergeant, as usual when we were getting ready to go clubbing. "You want your girls to be on full display for all of the hot guys at the club. If you've got it, flaunt it." I sighed and acquiesced, turning around and changing into a push-up bra that had a bit too much padding. My boobs pretty much spilled out of the bra. I turned around and Michelle scanned the area. "Perfect."

She was doing her makeup while I picked out a dress. A white one would pop too much against my dark skin, and my blue one looked like I was heading to church, so I went with a red bandage dress that hugged my torso and ass and had overlapping straps on the back. I looked at myself in the mirror. It gave me curves in all the right places, especially my ass, which outshone my boobs even in this bra. My straight black hair fell just below my shoulders. "I think you'd like this one," I said to Michelle, and she whistled.

"You're going to get so much dick, I swear to god," she said.

"You know I'm a virgin, right? It's not like I'll take three guys back here and let them all put their dicks in me," I snorted. It was true, me being a virgin. I had made out with guys plenty of times, but always stopped when their hands reached for my jeans.

"You make it sound so horrible, Kim. You might take one home, right, though?" Michelle asked, applying mascara.

I sighed. "Maybe," I replied, though I said it mostly to get her off my back. I checked my phone and saw the time. "Shit, we need to meet the boys at the club. We're half an hour late." Michelle dropped her- my- mascara on the sink and we walked as fast as we could in heels to the car. A few minutes later we pulled up at the curb of the club.

It was your typical club, with the name outlined in neon lights. Brighter, though, was the club right next door. Its name, the G spot, flashed in various shades of pink. "What's that club?" I asked Michelle.

"Oh, some lesbian bar," she said, pulling at my arm. "Come on."

She led me in and we met up with our friends Will and Ken. Ken sure looked like his Barbie version. He was tall and had neat blonde hair, and always dressed like he was going to some country club. Michelle said hi to Will and then sidled up to Ken, all over him in an instant. I rolled my eyes.

We got some drinks, leaving me with a twenty dollar bill, and then headed onto the dance floor. Will, a pimply guy, eyed me up. He shouted something at me over the thumping music.

"What?" I shouted back.

"You look nice!" he said.

"Thanks!" I yelled. He got closer to me. I realized with a shock that he and I were supposed to pair up.

"You're welcome," he said in my ear, his breath already stinking of alcohol. To distract myself, I quickly downed my drink, which tasted vaguely like lime. Bad idea. It burned at the back of my throat.

Then Will started dancing with me. His hand crept around my back, and his eyes couldn't seem to leave my boobs. I gave a shiver, despite the heat of the club, and pushed my glass at him. He took it and stared at it, confused.

"I'll be right back. I need to get some air," I said.

"What?"

"Get some air!" I shouted. Jesus fucking Christ. I made my way through the crowd hot, gyrating crowd. I felt men's eyes on my ass, and then finally made it outside.

I stepped near the side of the building, taking long, deep breaths. What was getting into me? That was how it was supposed to happen. Me and that hormone-filled guy who was shorter than me.

The lights from the clubs around me shone right into my eyes, though the cool air felt like heaven in my lungs. I stumbled my way into the dark, narrow alleyway between the two clubs. A narrow strip of sky shone above me, speckled with stars.

Then I heard the voice, as low and rumbling as a panther.

"Hey baby, what's your name?"

A woman appeared from the shadows, seemingly melting into appearance. All breath left my lungs. She had glossy black hair that she threw over her shoulder and skimmed the tops of her breasts. On her head was a headband with cat ears. Her face was delicate, and her light brown eyes were lined with thick lashes. Her full breasts tumbled out of her lacy black bra, and I caught a glimpse of her nipple as her boobs bounced and then settled. She had a narrow waist, and lacy panties were pulled taught over her round hips. She wore garters connected to sheer black stockings over her pale, shapely legs, and black heels.

For a moment I couldn't speak, just stared at her, mouth open leaning against the wall. The woman put her hands on her hips- hands with slim, pale fingers and short nails. "What's the matter? Cat got your tongue?" she said, taking a step towards me and putting a single finger under my chin. She laughed after that, a single low laugh.

"Kim-Kimberly," I stammered.

"Nice to meet you, Kimberly. I'm Savior," she purred, leaning in close and breathing into my ear. Her warm breath tickled my skin and made it tingle, and her breast pressed against my shoulder. "Would you like the time of your life for thirty bucks?"

My heart beat so loudly I think she could hear it. Faint music came from both sides of us. I don't know why, but I wanted to accept her offer. The voice saying "she's a prostitute" was drowned out in a heartbeat. "I-I only have twenty," I said. "I'm sorry."

Savior nipped my earlobe with her teeth. "For someone as delicious as you, I'll take it." I fumbled for my wallet in my purse, and she stopped me, her hands on mine immediately. "Pay after," she said, looking into my eyes. Her face was covered in shadow, except for her long lashes, which caught the starlight.

"Okay," I said. Then, because I was not in control of my mouth at all, I said, "I'm a virgin." I cursed myself inwardly.

"All the more yummy," Savior said, smirking. She was crouched in front of me in the blink of an eye. I could see that a tail was attached to the back of her panties, curling underneath her as she sat on her haunches. "Turn around," she said. I did as she said, facing the wall, pressing my boobs and arms against it. I couldn't see Savior, but I think that's what she intended. Her hands slid up my legs and then I felt a sharp slap on my ass. I gasped.

Her fingers slid under the hem of my dress, and she yanked down my thong. She pushed my dress up over my ass. "What an ass," Savior murmured, and I trembled. Then I felt something smooth and wet on my pussy, and she began to eat it from behind.

"Oh," I gasped, legs shaking. I felt her fingers on the front of my pussy, fingering my clit as she worked her tongue around. "AH!" I yelled as she rubbed my clit viciously in between her fingers. Then she got her tongue working again, probing into my folds and into my pussy.

I could feel her getting closer underneath me, so I widened my legs, feeling her crouching directly under my pussy. She stroked her tongue deep into my pussy, and I moaned. Savior thrusted with her tongue in and out. When she added her fingers to my clit, rubbing straight on the nub, I came. Pleasure radiated through my body, warm and sweet. It was stronger than any orgasm a vibrator had given me. I whimpered, completely at her disposal.

I took a step back, but Savior pushed me back against the wall. "We're not done yet," she growled. She slowly stood up, giving me a brief kiss, and our tongues twined together. I tasted something salty and musky on her tongue, and when the gorgeous woman withdrew, she winked.

"I want that dress and bra off. Now." Sensing my hesitation, she added, "No one can see us, baby."

I drew the dress over my head and unhooked my bra, dropping both at my feet. I stood there in nothing but my heels. My nipples perked up at the touch of the chilly air. Savior leaned down and took one nipple in her mouth, flicking her tongue over it, and then taking it between her teeth. I yelped, and she moved onto the next one, her hand coming down to my pussy. She rubbed my pussy while she sucked on my nipples, one at a time, and I titled my head back against the wall and closed my eyes. "Fuck," I said. Savior slid one finger into my pussy, and I clenched against it, wanting it so badly, needing it. She used her other hand to rub around my clit, never touching it, and I pushed my hips into her hands. She pushed me back against the brick wall. Her fingers slid in all the way, pumping in and out, and I moaned. Then I felt another finger enter, adding heavenly pressure in my pussy, and suddenly her fingers curled. My hands found her silky hair for support as she rubbed on the inner wall, finding a spot that made me moan. All the while her lips sucked on my nipple.

Then she took her fingers out and slid one into another entrance, between my ass cheeks. She pumped her finger in and out of my asshole, and I relaxed, feeling a pleasant friction. Then she returned to my pussy and plunged three fingers in, finding my G spot again and pumping in and out. I bit my lip and I could hear her soft, feminine breaths along with the sound of the juices in my pussy. The rough feeling of the wall on my skin was nothing compared to the delicious feeling of her fingers.

Just when I felt my breathing get harder and another orgasm come on, she stopped. She drew her fingers out, covered with my clear juices that shone and dripped onto my leg. Savior licked it off her fingers, meeting my eyes, before dipped down and setting her long, light pink tongue to work roaming over my vulva. Every fucking spot but my clit. My fingers found my own breasts. I kneaded my nipples, whimpering, craving her tongue in the place it needed to be. Finally, she tongued my clit, sucking and licking the nub. Each stroke shocked my whole body. My eyes rolled back and another orgasm raged through me, leaving me panting.

"Fuck," I moaned, while watching Savior. She crouched on the ground, knees spread, and then slowly stood. Her panties clung to the folds in her pussy, dark and wet in between her legs. The sight made me weak in the knees.

She looked up and caught my gaze, staring unblinking at me. I was caught in her eyes before I realized that she needed the money. Stupid. I bent over and turned to get my purse. I felt a light smack on my ass. "Couldn't help it," Savior said quietly above me, and I felt her smirk without seeing it.

I fished out a twenty and handed it to her. She took it and tucked it into the top of her stocking, where it fluttered in the breeze on her smooth thigh. "You better get dressed," she said, after I stood there motionless for a moment. The corner of her mouth tilted up, amused, and she swayed her hips from side to side, flicking her tail behind her.

I pulled my wet thong up my legs and fastened my bra. Then I pulled the tight dress over my body and grabbed my purse.

"T-Thank you," I said to her. Savior smiled wickedly, reaching and giving my boob a quick squeeze.

"My pleasure," she purred, and then turned and walked back into the dark, her hips swaying. Her sheer panties did nothing to hide her round ass, and her tail seemed to hypnotize me until she disappeared.

It was only after that I realized she was probably a prostitute for lesbians going to the G Spot, the lesbian bar next door, and that her costume was a wonderful play on the word pussy. After that night, I was altered in a fundamental way. Yeah, it's crazy that a prostitute in a cat costume changed me, and Michelle snorted when she heard the story, but it's true. I embraced being a lesbian. Savior had saved me from all of the pimply Wills of the world.

For years after, I saw her plump breasts and swinging tail in my dreams, and woke up wet every time.