 When I awoke this morning, my baby was still sleeping soundly.

Blue was lying on her side, her hip leaned over, her top knee bent and lying over on the mattress. 

Damn...she always looks so fucking hot that way...and I'm not able to resist it...

The large outer lips of my pussy were already hot and swollen, juices running out of me.

I slid my fingers along my velvet-smooth inner thighs, brought them to my mouth and sucked my juices from them...

I slid down her bottom leg, which was stretched out straight...that made my pussy even hotter and I left a trail of my juices on her skin...

Good...my sweet Blue is still asleep...I want my baby to start her day with her pretty pussy in my warm, wet mouth.

But first, Blue's ass is calling out to me for some attention...

When Blue and I first met, one of the many things which attracted us to each other was how dripping wet both of our pussies get. Just our juices can literally puddle on our tummies. Something else was how much we cum...and without squirting. Our cum just flows and flows during orgasm...enough to soak to each other. It makes such a fun, deliciously sloppy mess! 

In fact, we HAVE cum all over each other, let it dry completely, then applied lots of musk oil all over us. Since Blue and I live naked, that's a huge turn-on and we spend that day without being able to keep our hands off each other.

Well...now that I think about it, we can never keep our hands off each other, so...

...I slid my tongue just barely between Blue's ass cheeks, giving her long gentle licks. I was flat on my tummy so I could keep licking her while watching for signs she was waking up.

I gently spread her cheeks and wetly pushed my tongue deeper between them, giving her shorter licks, much closer to her opening. Fuck...I was getting so hot...

I buried my face deeper and slid my tongue in circles around her opening. Though still asleep, Blue's breathing got deeper...I could tell I wouldn't be able to spend much more time doing this without waking her...

I let the tip of my tongue give her a few strokes across her opening, then, ever-so-slowly and gently, I turned her over onto her back. Her juices had already soaked her pussy.

Oh my goodness...even asleep, my Blue is sexy beyond belief...

I could feel my own pussy throbbing now...I wanted my mouth on her silky-smooth pussy...I wanted to fuck my tongue as deeply into her as possible, her oncoming orgasm making her muscles tighten around my tongue...I wanted to suck her and fill my mouth with her hot, sweet juices while she pulled my hair, screaming for more and more... 

...All in due time...and it wouldn't be long. I licked and kissed Blue's inner thighs, sliding my mouth on her warm skin. When I started giving her skin little sucks right next to her pussy, she started to wake, making sexy little whimpering sounds...

She reached down and buried her fingers in my long hair, whimpering more, purring for me. 

I then opened my mouth wide and buried my face deep between her thighs...

Blue screamed...

Not exactly a pleasant morning sound, huh? But, it was wondrously enjoyable, since I had a mouthful of her pretty pussy.

I held her legs apart with my shoulders and sucked her swollen pussy lips, fucking my tongue into her as far as I could get it. 

Fuck! I love doing this to her! I firmly held her ass and pushed my mouth harder into her pussy to fuck her with my strong tongue...she held onto my hair, pulling it hard and lifting her ass off the mattress, screaming like hell!

"FUCK! SUNNY! SUCK MY PUSSY, BABY! MAKE ME CUM!" 

I kept at her, mercilessly tongue-fucking her, sucking mouthfuls of her sweet juices...they felt so fucking hot going down my throat...

Blue's ass tensed up and her whole body started to shake...her strong pussy muscles tightened around my tongue and her body was overtaken by hard spasms...

"SUNNEEEEEEEEEEE! FUCK ME! I'M CUMMING!!"

Oh, I wanted my baby to cum all over my body, so I wrapped my arms around her and, very fast, rolled over with her on top of me...

"FUCK YES SUNNY! MAKE ME CUM, BABY!"

I plunged two fingers into her pussy and fucked them deep inside her, making hot sloppy-squishy sounds as her juices were forced onto my tummy...two fingers of my other hand ferociously rubbed her hungry, swollen clit...

Blue's body shook hard and she pounced her mouth onto mine, savagely fucking her tongue to my throat, pulling harder on my hair and screaming into my mouth...

Then...oh my goodness...did she EVER cum...

...and she kept screaming too...

I kept rubbing the HELL out of Blue's clit and she kept cumming and cumming while devouring my mouth and screaming at the same time...

My body was literally COVERED with delicious Bluecum!

Oh yeah...we both cum a LOT...without squirting.

When her orgasm ended, she stayed on her hands and knees so I could spread her cum all over my body...there was enough to cover me from my neck to my toes! 

With cum still oozing from her lovely pussy, she smothered my face with wet kisses. I wrapped my arms around her neck and spoke hotly against her lips...

"Your turn now...would baby like to be covered in Sunnycum?"

"Fuck yes! I'll make you cum all over me! And we won't take a shower! We'll wear each other's cum and lots of musk all day!"

"Ooooooooooo...keep talking sweetie...you're making your hot, slutty wife even hotter..."

My baby eagerly flipped onto her back and I straddled her on my hands and knees...my sloppy-wet pussy was already dripping heavily onto her pretty skin.

Blue grabbed my hair and pulled my mouth to hers, kissing me roughly...by now, I was trying to get more of her mouth, purring and whimpering...

Then...Blue did something that makes me cum so fucking HARD every time she does it, because she knows just how I like it done... 

And no, it has nothing to do with my pussy and nothing to do with my ass...she doesn't even touch them!

Blue opened her mouth real wide and bit my shoulder. Exactly hard enough and in exactly the right place...

Oh-my-fucking-goodness...it works EVERY fucking time...

I came fucking HARD and absolutely SMOTHERED Blue in Sunnycum!

Fuck! I just kept cumming and cumming...my body stayed in spasm, shaking like hell...I had my open mouth on Blue's neck, trying not to bite her TOO hard while screaming uncontrollably!

Amazingly, my orgasm did end...I gave her lips a lot of very wet kisses...

"Oh...Blue...my baby...fuck, I love you so much."

"Fuck, I love YOU, Sunny!"