 Continued from Part One...

"Mom! I can't believe you!"

As my orgasm finally subsided, we were all rudely awakened by Nadine's sudden presence in the doorway. Jodi and I nearly jumped out of our skin at the unexpected intrusion and exchanged worried glances.

Mrs. Wyeth pulled away from my vagina and wiped my dew from her lips.

"Now, my little darling," she said sweetly. "You weren't home, and they were here, and...."

"I can't believe you didn't wait for me." Nadine flew down the stairs, sat down next to her mother and folded her hands in her lap. "I'm ready for my next assignment. Which one will it be?"

"Neither," Mrs. Wyeth said.

Nadine's eyes grew wide. "But-"

"Undress yourself and lie with Jodi on the chaise."

"But--!"

"Do as I say, Nadine." There was no arguing with Mrs. Wyeth's tone. She touched my cheek and added, softer, "Amanda is my apprentice today."

I smiled, still able to feel the delicious rush of her tongue between my legs.

"Well, no one has to ask me twice," Jodi said, hopping onto the camel-covered chaise. "Come on, Nadine!"

Pouting with her pretty lips, Nadine slid out of her slip dress and undergarments. She had always been the most voluptuous of all of us, with creamy skin, supple, round breasts and lean legs. 

Jodi licked her lips, smiled and beckoned. "Lie on top of me," she murmured, not even trying to hide her arousal.

Nadine went to Jodi and they joined both sets of hands. Nadine lowered Jodi down on the chair until they were horizontal, their breasts pressed together as they looked deeply into each other's eyes. Both girls spread their legs, creating a double-decker pussy.

"Kneel before them," Mrs. Wyeth said to me. I fell to my knees in front of my friends' vaginas. Jodi's was purplish and slick with just-come secretions. Nadine's looked pink and eager, with just a hint of wetness glistening around the edges of her young slit.

Both pussies twitched and contracted as the girls awaited some sort of relief for their growing arousal. Pressed up next to each other, they formed a single, breathing organism. "They look alive," I said.

"They're not alive until you give them life," Mrs. Wyeth whispered in my ear. Panting softly, she added, "Taste my daughter first."

I leaned in toward Nadine's vagina and made contact. Tenderly, as though kissing a lover, I filled my mouth with her velvety flesh.

She gasped and raised her hips, pressing her cunt deeper into my face. My tongue slipped inside and tasted wet sweetness. I spread her juice with my lips, pursing them around her nub softly, just as her mother had done to me.

Nadine looked back at me, pained. "More," she moaned. "Faster!"

I looked to my tutor, who shook her head. "You will learn to love their agony," she said. "Restraint leads to greater pleasure in the end."

Understanding, I returned to Nadine's pussy and merely danced my tongue around her hungry clit. She let out an unfulfilled whine. Desperate for any kind of sexual contact, she brought her mouth down on Jodi's and engaged her in an open-mouth kiss.

Nadine's mouth on hers caused a new stream of excited wetness to ooze from Jodi's vagina. Instinctively I darted my head downward and lapped it up with my tongue. Then I looked back at Mrs. Wyeth, afraid she would disapprove.

"It's fine," she whispered, lost in desire at the sight before her. "You're ready. Take them both."

A surge of adrenaline rushed through my body at her permission. With my mouth I resumed my work on Nadine's vagina. Meanwhile, I wiggled my thumb in a circular motion around Jodi's slippery clit.

My mouth and fingertips learned quickly. I increased the intensity of my activity on each girl's pussy just until the point of orgasm, then slowed down. It wasn't easy, but I was able to maintain different speeds on each girl. Between kisses, Nadine and Jodi whined with unrequited arousal. Their unintelligible pleas only spurred me on. I was in control, and it felt great.

Then, without warning, I felt Mrs. Wyeth's press against me from behind. With one hand she parted my pussy lips. "Nnnooo...." I groaned as my flesh remembered and responded to her touch. "I can't focus-"

"You must learn," Mrs. Wyeth replied, sliding a finger on either side of my clit in a V shape, then squeezing them together, forcing hot blood into the tip of my button. She did this over and over. "Time your pleasure with theirs."

My knees buckled. "I can't-"

"DO IT!"

Jodi and Nadine let out sighs of relief as I resumed my activity on their pussies. For several excruciating minutes I managed to keep them--and myself--from achieving orgasm. Around my mouth, filled with Nadine's vagina, frustrated utterances escaped. I had gone from the one in control to just another girl reliant on another for sexual gratification.

Then Mrs. Wyeth gave the command: "Switch your tongue and your fingers."

My mouth flew to Jodi's aching pussy and my thumb wormed its way inside Nadine's folds to her clit. The sudden change in sensation caused a new, higher-pitched cacophony of cries to erupt from each girl's lips. The room felt like it was spinning. My entire world, my entire being at that moment revolved around these slippery, sexy little bits of flesh.

"Release, girls. Oh, yes, RELEASE!" Mrs. Wyeth shouted at last. The three of us instantly let go and drowned in our withheld ecstasy. I hadn't noticed, but behind me Mrs. Wyeth had been rubbing her own cunt with her free hand and slipped into bliss at the same time. The air around me was thick with the salacious cries, moans and wailings of four women experiencing simultaneous orgasm.

Using my new-found knowledge, I clamped my mouth around Jodi's pulsating clit and twisted Nadine's with my fingers, enhancing and prolonging their pleasure. Mrs. Wyeth masterfully executed her craft on herself and me. For well over a minute we all rose and fell back into waves of that thick, powerful bliss, sexuality seemingly flowing and glowing all around our hot, sweaty bodies.

Jodi came down first, then Nadine, then Mrs. Wyeth, and, after Mrs. Wyeth coaxed one last rush of pleasure from my overstimulated clit, me.

I leaned against the chaise lounge, hot, dizzy, and weak. Jodi and Nadine laughed as they panted, still entangled in each other's slick, sweaty flesh.

I turned to Mrs. Wyeth to ask her to rate my performance, but one look revealed that, unlike the rest of us, she was not yet satiated. Frightening and untamed, she looked at me and pointed to the floor. Afraid of what she might do if I denied her, I obeyed and sat down.

She sat opposite me on the floor and wriggled one leg below mine, one above so that our vaginas met in the middle. I felt heat radiating from her pussy. "Oh god...." I moaned as I fell backward on the floor. I had no idea what she was about to do, but it was no use resisting.

"I like the way you come," she grunted, jerking her pelvis quickly. Her swollen clit rubbed against mine, lubricated by copious amounts of our girl-juices. "I like to watch you come and make you come." Every other word was punctuated with another hard thrust.

Her eyes never left mine as she continued this uncharacteristic activity. All her lessons about 'prolonging pleasure' and 'loving their agony' were forgotten. She just wanted to see me orgasm, as hard and as quickly as possible.

Free to give in to my basest desire, I matched her thrusts with my own, doubling the pleasurable sensations shared by our clit-rub. Jodi and Nadine watched with wide eyes as we moved our bodies roughly against one another. 

"Your body will give in to me," Mrs. Wyeth hissed. "It will let me dominate!"

"Yes--make me come!" I wailed in return. "I want to come for you like a fucking animal!"

Our motions were crude and brutal, but our rhythm was perfect. Before long I felt myself sliding into rapture. Mrs. Wyeth sensed this and let go as well. We whimpered "yes, yes..." and rolled our hips together slowly as we came, leaning in to watch our clits melt into one flesh and tease each other through another perfect orgasm.

After it was over I collapsed on the floor, unable to move or hardly breathe.

"That...didn't follow...any of the rules," I choked.

Mrs. Wyeth helped me sit upright, gasping for air herself.

"Rules are meant to be broken," she panted. "Only in special cases...."

"Does that mean I passed my apprenticeship?"

Mrs. Wyeth laughed. "My dear, we've hardly scratched the surface."

I looked at Jodi and Nadine. "What do you say--will you help me?"

They smiled and exchanged a sensuous kiss. "What else are friends for?"