 "Not only is a pussy better than a cock at giving pleasure to its owner. A pussy is also better at giving pleasure to another woman. A pussy can fuck another pussy better than a cock can fuck a pussy."

Their good natured bantering certainly had escalated. Joe and Katherine were lucky enough to have found another couple they truly could call "best friends". Each couple enjoyed the others' company at least once a week. They talked on the phone and text messaged constantly, spent Thanksgiving, Christmas and New Years' together, and often went on vacations together. 

All four were young, extremely good looking, and energetic. Joe and Katherine were computer programmers who worked out of their house. Their friends were both research scientists at the local university. 

Although all were sexually adventurous and open minded, the prospect of mate-swapping was out of the question. Because the other couple's names were Linda and Grace. But there was no reason a lesbian couple and a straight couple couldn't be best friends, and they were. 

Best buddies sometimes tease one another, and Joe and Linda relished doing it. But always in a good natured way, while Katherine and Grace looked on. Joe - knowing full well it wasn't true - would tell Linda that neither she nor Grace would be lesbians anymore if he could make love to them. Linda in return would threaten to convert Katherine, steal her from Joe, and make her part of a threesome.

The teasing went on in a harmless way until one day Joe laughingly said that anything a lesbian could do - go down on a woman, or use fingers to bring her off - he could do too. But he also could use his cock to give her the best orgasm possible. So men were better than lesbians at making love to women.

That's when Linda said it. "Not only is a pussy better than a cock at giving pleasure to its owner. A pussy is also better at giving pleasure to another woman. A pussy can fuck another pussy better than a cock can fuck a pussy."

Startled, Joe replied, "You mean you can bring Grace off better using your tongue and fingers than I can bring Katherine off with my cock?"

"No. Actually, yes. But what I really mean is, well, two things. First, I do think most lesbians are better at oral sex or manual sex than most guys are at oral or manual sex, or intercourse, and that I can bring Grace off better using my tongue and fingers than you can bring Katherine off with your cock. But my second point, my main point, is that I can provide more pleasure to Grace with just my pussy than you can give Katherine with your cock. I can mount a girl and fuck her better than you can!"

A startled Katherine then asked, "But how could you bring Grace off if you don't use your fingers or tongue? Do you mean with a sex toy? A dildo or strap-on? Or do mean that because you have a pussy, you understand women better, and for this reason whatever you do with another woman is better?"

"No. Actually, yes. Well, what I'm really talking about is tribbing. Also called pussy grinding and scissoring. Whatever name you want to call it, I can grind my pussy against Grace's, my clit against hers, and in this way get her off way better than Joe can get you off with his cock."

After a silence Joe interjected: "Do you mean better than my cock rubbing on top of Katherine's pussy, against her clit? She loves that, so no way. But if you really mean better than me actually fucking Katherine - penetrating her, humping her - it wouldn't even be close." 

Grace smiled indulgently at Joe and then turned to Katherine. "Our clits are on the outside. If we were meant to receive maximum pleasure from intercourse, our clits would be inside. But they're not! I wish I could prove it to you. Actually (she smiled again, this time a huge smile) I could prove it to you, Katherine, right now!"

"But I'm not gay. Besides, Grace, you have no idea how much pleasure Joe gives me with his cock", replied Katherine.

"And you have no idea how much pleasure Linda gives me by rubbing her pussy against mine," responded Grace.

Then Linda said it. "I bet I could bring Grace off quicker by tribbing her in the missionary position her than you could bring Katherine off by humping her in the missionary position."

There was a silence. Joe finally replied, "I would take your bet."

Katherine interjected, "So would I."

Then Grace spoke. "And the winners get to so anything sexual to the losers. Anything they want, any way they want."

There was another deafening silence. Then Joe spoke, "Sure. If Katherine agrees."

Katherine looked a bit frightened, "I'd have to let you girls do anything you wanted to me if you win -- you'd probably trib me, right? Both of you?"

Linda replied, "Maybe - among other things. But Grace and I would each have to let Joe - let his cock - fuck us if we lost, which neither of us has done before or - no offense, Joe - would want to do. And Joe probably would want us each to give him a blow job as well as let him fuck us. Am I right?"

Joe nodded enthusiastically. "Yes. One condition of the bet would have to be that the winners could collect any time they liked - not just today. You girls have the advantage that you can come again and again. But, being a guy, I couldn't possibly do the contest, and then fuck Linda and Grace, and also have them each give me a blow job, in one evening. Besides, I would want to look forward to everything. Why don't we give the winners a month to collect?"

"I forgot men take so long to re-charge," said Grace. "How about 3 months?"

Everyone nodded, but then Katherine added, "This contest isn't fair. All three of us girls are seriously risking doing something we've never done. I'd have to make lesbian love, and Linda and Grace would have to make straight love and let Joe cum in their mouths, which even lots of straight girls don't want to do. But Joe isn't risking anything. In fact, he'd love to be fucked by gorgeous lesbians. Right, Joe?"

Joe smiled. 

Katherine added, "I'll bet one of you - or both of you - would fuck him with a strap-on?"

More silence. Then Grace spoke, "We might. Linda and I would have to talk. One thing that I would have in mind for Joe would take months of preparation. For example, Joe couldn't get his hair cut until we finish with him, which could take 3 months. Then we'll see that he is fucked any way we want, maybe using a strap-on."

Joe asked, "Not cut my hair? Sure. Long hair for me, probably a strap-on for you two, and you'd probably also tell me how to dress. I can guess what you have in mind."

Katherine eagerly added, "You'd love being a girl, Joe. Admit it! I think you'd make a cute girl. Especially because after 3 months you'd have girl length hair, so you wouldn't have to wear a wig. Sexy clothing, a bunch of make up, nails, perfume... you'd be surprised at the result. 

And the experience, the perspective, would be really good for you. I've thought about putting you in panties and a bra many times. I think it'd be wonderful, and I'm sure you'd love it, like many men. But of course they'd go further and use a strap on..."

Joe interrupted Katherine; "But you weren't thinking of bringing in a man to fuck me, were you? I don't mind if you girls do anything you want to me, but I draw the line at sex with another guy."

Linda laughed. "No guy will be involved in what we would do to you, or have you do. We promise. But we haven't decided exactly what it would be yet."

"As long as there's no man involved, I'll do anything you ask," Joe replied.

"Then we all agree? Its only pussy against cock. No fingers, mouths, tongues, dildos or strap-ons." All heads nodded. 

Then Grace added, "But nipple against nipple action has to be OK, right? When Linda mounts me, our breasts, our nipples, touch and rub. Just like Joe's nipples rub against Katherine's. So nipple on nipple, breast on breast, is OK. Right?" All heads nodded again.

As they stripped the sexual tension electrified the room. Each of the woman was beautiful, but in a different way. Linda was 5' 10", as tall as Joe, blond, with C cup breasts, a thin athletic body and incredible hair. She was elegant, graceful, and statuesque. Grace was 5' 5", a redhead with the build of the best stacked stripper ever. Her curves never stopped. Katherine was the girl next door -- if the girl next door were a model. Her body was slim with B cups, and her skin was perfect. Every square inch glowed, and her face would make any Hollywood starlet jealous. She was the same height as Grace. Joe was a handsome, well built hunk.

The sight of the three nude women gave Joe a huge erection, which Grace and Linda stared at. Life-long lesbians, they had never before been in the same room as a naked cock, let alone an erect one.

Joe added, "Since this contest is pussy against cock, there can't be any warm-up using anything other than a pussy or cock. You can't kiss, go down on each other, or use your fingers to warm her up. Only your pussy. But nipple on nipple action while you make love is fine, even though this might give you girls an advantage."

Linda and Grace looked at each other nervously, and then went towards one another to confer. Standing very close, their naked breasts touched at they talked. Joe and Katherine looked with awe as Linda and Grace's nipples, protruding from their large breasts, rubbed against one another. All 4 nipples were getting more and more erect. Joe whispered, "I'm not sure if nipple contact before the actual contest is allowed, but it's turning me on so much I'm not going to protest." Katherine whispered in reply, "Right! I'm dripping wet. I'm so turned on I'll probably come as soon as you enter me." 

Joe noticed that the sight of Linda and Grace's nipples rubbing together had caused Katherine's nipples to become just as erect as those of the other girls. As he looked down at them approvingly, Katherine saw them too, and started to move her chest back and forth against Joe's nipples, which also soon became erect. Joe suddenly felt very conscious that his nipples were so tiny and unsensitive compared to the girls' nipples, and he momentarily started to panic at the thought that the girls just might have a lovemaking advantage over him. But he told himself that it all came down to his cock, as he knew it would. Just then Linda and Grace told Joe and Katherine that they agreed and were ready.

Joe laid on top of Katherine, propped up on his hands, without entering her, while Linda mounted Grace in a similar position. Each couple was in the missionary position, a foot apart on the thick carpet. Joe looked directly at Linda since they both were on top, and Katherine looked directly at Grace. Joe decided that seeing Linda on top of Grace was the most beautiful, sexy sight he had ever seen in his life. He whispered this to Katherine who just stared at the other girls.

Joe had quickly gotten into position on top of Katherine, with his cock on top of her pussy, but not yet inside. But Linda and Grace had a bit of maneuvering to do. Grace twisted her legs a bit and opened her pussy wide, and Linda maneuvered herself on top so that their clits touched, twisting herself slightly so their pussies could grind together. Linda, still on her hands, arched her back, looked over at Joe and Katherine and said, "Give the word... and we'llll ----ohhhhhhhhh, I can't help it,... I'm commmminggggg........."

Joe stared at Linda, who was indeed coming. Linda's hair was flying everywhere, her large breasts hanging down so they almost touched Grace's even larger breasts. Their pussies were already meshing together, clit making love to clit, and he had a great view of Linda's pretty rear end writhing as she came. She had been about to fuck Grace almost exactly like he was going to fuck Katherine. But she was already coming! Joe thought to himself that he had never seen anything so amazing in his life. Katherine had the same thought.

Linda thrashed her head back and forth uncontrollably for a few seconds, and then slowly calmed down and collected herself. She looked in Joe and Katherine's direction with an ultra-sexy expression. But Joe and Katherine were frozen, mesmerized. Joe, staring at the 2 beauties in the missionary position, felt his cock get harder than it had ever been in his life. What manner of sexual beings were lesbians, he wondered, that Linda could come before they even really started, and instantly be ready for more? 

In addition, during her orgasm Linda had moaned louder than Katherine had ever moaned when they made love. Did this mean Katherine was simply quieter by nature? Or could it mean that lesbian lovemaking was indeed hotter? Joe was transfixed at the sight, confused, and jealous. 

Joe suddenly became nervous about competing against this sex goddess. How could anyone - male or female - not be turned on by Linda's lovely hair and face, her curvy and elegant neck, shoulders and back, her tight but perfectly rounded and hairless rear end. And her breasts, hanging down over Grace's breasts.... He had to admit that each part of her was the embodiment of sexual perfection. Joe became more and more nervous at the thought of being in a sexual competition with a beautiful woman. 

But he repeated over and over to himself that he still had his trump card. His cock. Linda didn't have one, but he did. It would all come down to his cock, as he had been telling himself all along. Maybe she was sexier everywhere else, and in every other way, but only he had a cock. And the contest was, after all, pussy vs. cock. Joe tried to calm down, and just as he regained his composure, Katherine said, "Let's begin."

Immediately Linda began to grind her pussy into Grace's, who let out a "Yes, yes, harder, yessss, yes, that's it, I feel your clit rubbing on mine. Fuck me, fuck me harder. Fuck me with your pussy!" Linda's face assumed a look of blissful concentration as she too moaned as she rubbed her pussy onto Grace's, pounding and grinding away. 

Joe stared at the girls, especially transfixed at the sight of Linda's rear as it powered and ground her pussy against Grace. Joe reflected that her gorgeous rear was generating the same sexual motion that his plain hairy rear was about to cause, except it would of course be his cock that would grind into Katherine. The sight and sounds were getting Joe more and more turned on as the girls' oooooosss and aaaaaaaas grew even louder. 

Katherine also had been gaping at Linda and Grace, but suddenly remembered: "Joe, they're making me incredibly hot too, but we can look at them while you fuck me! The contest!!! Start fucking me now!!"

Joe looked down at Katherine, collected himself, thrust himself into her-- and came.

Katherine cried out, "Nnnoooooooooo!! No no no.... This can't be.... If you had only thrust inside me a couple of times I would have come for sure. But now...."

Joe tried to think, but there wasn't much he could do. He tried to rock back and forth while Katherine thrust herself up against Joe as best as she could. But their rhythm had been broken, and it wasn't working. Joe was temporarily impotent, and Katherine and Joe were helpless. As the cries from a foot away mounted, Joe tried to think while Katherine frantically hit her lower body up against Joe. But in a moment Grace screamed crazily, "My goddddd, Linda, I'm comminnnngggggggg." The contest was over.

I took all four a minute to calm down and change into sitting positions. Joe was the first to speak, in an embarrassed voice. "I've never done that before." Katherine added supportively, "That's right."

Grace whispered sympathetically, "I understand. Lesbian lovemaking is most straight guys' ultimate fantasy, and you've never been in the presence of lesbians making love before. It's the hottest thing in the world, isn't it? Almost any guy in your position would have done the same thing." 

Linda added, "Everything was so sexually supercharged I also couldn't help coming almost immediately, as soon as my pussy touched Grace's, just before we officially started. But since (smiling an ear to ear smile) I'm a girl, coming didn't stop me, or even slow me down for more than a few seconds. By the way, I also came again just before Grace came. But me coming while our pussies were grinding only made her hotter. Not like when you came, Joe, and destroyed your timing."

"You won, fair and square" continued Joe. "Now what?" 

Grace and Linda put their heads close together and whispered for quite a while. Then Grace spoke. "Let's split up. Katherine, please come with me. Joe, please go with Linda.

As Joe turned to follow Linda, Katherine secretly flashed a knowing smile at the other girls. 

Joe walked with Linda to the next bedroom where he started to complain: "We lost fair and square. But now that I think of it, there's one part that wasn't fair to Katherine. I got her all worked up to the point of almost coming, so Grace will have no trouble making her come even though Katherine is straight. But after today Katherine will think she likes girl/girl lovemaking, but she's actually 100% straight."

"Except for two things, Joe. First, I saw how she looked at us when my breasts rubbed against Grace's while we were standing. And also when I mounted Grace. Right?"

"Well...."

"Remember how she said she got wet just from watching us? She's bi-curious, Joe. Very bi-curious. Maybe even more than bi-curious. Second, what did Katherine have to win from the contest?"

"What do you mean?"

"If you won you would have gotten to fuck me and Grace, and have us give you blow jobs."

"Right...."

"You'd have been in Heaven, right? And Grace and I won the right to do anything sexual to you that does not involve another man." 

"Right...."

"What did Katherine have to gain?"

"Ahhhhh...."

"She would have won ... the right to make love to me and Grace, right?"

"I...."

"Which is the exact same thing that would happen if she lost, right?"

"But...."

"Katherine is an honorable wife and would never have cheated on you with a man or a woman. But she wanted to try lovemaking with a girl. Win or lose, it didn't matter, she would get to do it with a girl. In fact, with two girls. The contest was her chance to experience girl/girl lovemaking without cheating on you." 

Just then Joe and Linda heard moans from the other bedroom. Faint moans that increased in volume. They froze and listened. 

As the minutes passed the moans rose and fell, and before long they became so loud Joe could identify them as belonging to Katherine. It was Katherine's voice, but louder than any Katherine moan he had ever heard. But still they increased in volume. 

Soon Joe could make out words between the moans. Not just the expected "ohhhs" and "my Goddds". But also the more disturbing, "I never...", "I had no idea...." and "the best.." Finally, there were screams and more screams, and then silence. Followed a couple of minutes later by laughter.

Joe could even hear his name amidst the giggles. Then more laughter, then distinct words with muffled silences in between, including "silly male ego...", "thinks that his precious cock...", and "pussy is so ...". 

Then more silence, and then the moans started up again. Suddenly Katherine's voice took on a confident tone as if she were making an announcement to the world: "Now I get to make love to a beautiful, gorgeous creature. Now I get to be the real me. For the first time in my life I get to make love like girls were really meant to...."

-----------------------------------------------

READERS: Should there be a sequel describing what Linda and Grace will do to Joe? Or has he suffered enough? If there should be a sequel, what should they do to Joe? Remember, both Linda and Grace are research scientists and they have three months to do whatever they want to Joe, so almost anything is possible! 