 Have you ever had a dream within a dream? It's the weirdest feeling when you wake up the first time.

I was in my bedroom, reading some scary story on the Internet. I heard a voice calling for me from outside my door. 

"Jessie?"

Must have been my roommate, but... The clock on my computer's desktop read 2:23 AM. Why was she even up this late? 

Approaching the door, I listened for a minute. Nothing. Sighing, I sat back down at my desk. The clock read 7:42. Not even time for my first class yet. 

A little annoyed, I clicked the play button on the video I had been watching before the interruption. The girl on the screen was talking about some book she read. In the middle of her rant, she suddenly glared into the camera. 

"Jessie, I'm sorry." The voice crackled through the old speaker. Did she just say my name? I turned the radio off and stared into the darkness. 

When I opened my eyes, a blonde-haired, hazel-eyed girl was staring at me. I stared back, frozen in fear and thoroughly confused. She spoke again. 

"I'm sorry I left you alone. I was... Scared..."

I blinked. She was scared? Slowly the events prior to my dream came back to me. I was still in a dream. And she brought me here. 

"You're scared? Scared of what? You trapped me in this nightmare!" I let myself fall back onto the bed. I knew it wasn't Lily's fault, but I needed somebody to blame at the moment. 

"I know, Jessie, and I'm sorry. I might have made a mistake. I hope you can forgive me." Her cheery tone was gone, and despite my mood, I missed it. It had been a ray of sunshine amidst the horrors of realizing I was trapped. I let out a long sigh, and sat up to look at her. 

"No. I mean, yes, I forgive you. It's the Queen I'm after. She sent you to get me, right?"

Lily frowned. "Well, no... It's my job to find someone I think will be a good Citizen. So it was me. And now I'm not so sure I'm good Bunny material after all..."

She looked to be on the verge of tears, and the pain in her voice was killing me. I suddenly had an overwhelming urge to hug her and tell her everything would be okay. Before I knew it, she was in my arms, sobbing. This dream world teleporting and stuff would definitely take some getting used to. 

I gathered my thoughts and spoke softly as she cried into my shoulder. "Lily, I don't understand most of this. I don't even know what a Bunny or a Citizen is. What I do know is that you're a sweet girl who's doing her best, and that's all that matters." 

I always knew I'd make a good counselor if I tried. I gently pulled away from her so I could see her eyes. "I can see that. So don't be sad, okay? I'm not mad at you."

Lily sniffled, then smiled. She was still exceptionally cute, even with reddish, puffy eyes and tears streaking down her face.

"Thank you, Jessie. Oh, I feel so much better now." She pressed into me again, this time hugging me tightly. Over her shoulder I noticed that her legs were both in the air. The realization suddenly gave her the weight I thought she should have, and I fell back onto the bed. 

"Ah!" Lily cried as I pulled her down on top of me. It was a painless fall, thankfully. Her full but soft breasts were mashed right into mine, and she had kept her face from smacking me by catching her hands on my arms. 

It was a strangely erotic position to be in, and the look in her eyes told me she thought the same. She giggled, cheeks glowing rosy red. Were they like that from the crying, or...? 

I let out a soft sigh, and my eyes darted between hers. She started to lower her head, then stopped, biting her lip. I saw the look, that fear that I'd reject her again. 

It reminded me of her face a moment before, when she had essentially told me her dreams were being crushed. 

Whether I was smitten or simply sympathetic, I didn't know at the time. All I knew is that I never wanted to see that look again. So I smiled and took a deep breath through my nose, stretching my back just a little to press my chest into hers. 

She slowly began her descent again, and my lips parted in anticipation. Her hair tickled my neck as it slowly rolled past. 

That first contact, her pursed lips covering my lower lip, felt like a gift from above. The tingling on my neck spread like an ocean wave, crashing over my chest and down into the valley of my legs. Hers were spread wider than mine, exposing my uncovered thighs to the cool air. 

She held the kiss there for just a moment, then gently lifted her head again. I raised my own in a desperate attempt to catch her sweet lips, and she happily obliged, planting them firmly on mine and breathing in sharply through her nose. 

"Mmm..." I moaned as her tongue lightly brushed the inside of my lip. She let go for just a second and a warm breath escaped her lips, making me want it back even more. 

When we kissed again I went all in. My tongue explored her whole mouth and I tugged on her upper lip. We appeared in the middle of the bed then, conveniently eliminating the extra space left under our feet when we first fell. 

Lily started a gentle rhythm with her hips, between our tender kisses. Forward and back, ever so gentle, teasing our sensitive clits through the thin layers of fabric and lace. That kind of friction felt like I was touching myself through my clothes, only many times better. 

As her pace quickened and she increased the force of her movements, I knew I had to be soaking wet. I broke the kiss with an audible smacking sound and cocked my head back, cooing. 

"Ooh..." My hands clenched into fists as I raised my hips, pressing myself tighter into her. Lily drew her tongue up my neck to my chin and drove me wild. My legs spread wider of their own accord, increasing the area her mound had to grind against mine. In response she mashed her crotch into me and held it, then quickly released and pressed even harder, causing us to bounce. 

"Aah!" Someone screamed and I couldn't tell who, because she did it again. My mind was numbed, thoroughly overwhelmed by the pleasure cascading over me with each impact. The jig her breasts were dancing over mine had my nipples solid, enhancing the pleasure twofold. 

Though I could hardly see, my lips found hers again and I desperately sucked on her tongue like candy. I only lost my grip on her tongue when the strongest of orgasms overtook my body, drawing rhythmic gasps with hints of squeals out of me. All senses but the sexual dulled, I barely heard my own voice as I rocked and rolled my way through the climax. 

"Oo-oh ooh..." My descent from heaven was graceful, as my gasping cries devolved into quick, heavy breaths. Finally, my breathing came back to a manageable pace and I caught Lily's eyes again. I had no idea if she had experienced anything like I had, but I saw beads of sweat on her forehead and her cheeks were now definitely flush. 

Hesitant to break eye contact, she stretched her arms over mine, interlocked our fingers, and laid her head on my chest. Dream or not, that simple act stood out even after such an intense experience as the most loving thing someone had done to me. 

Pondering this, I soon realized that my arms were getting desperately tired being outstretched through the entire experience. I squeezed Lily's fingers and released, bringing my hands down to rest on her back. 

The rise and fall of her breaths synchronized with mine and created an exceptional feeling of calm in me. Staring at the ceiling of this imaginary bedroom, her previous words echoed in my mind. 

"Real is in your mind."

After this encounter, I had no doubt that my mind could produce realistic sensations. 

"Your mind makes real."

Was this all my creation? Did some portion of my mind previously locked away suddenly unleash all of these hidden feelings? 

Or was there an outside influence? Was I in someone else's dream? The Queen's? 

"Mmm..." The vibration of Lily's vocalization sent a good kind of chill through my body. My hand reached up to caress the back of her head in response as I continued staring at the ceiling. 

"This is our dream. I'm so happy to share it with you. I hope you like it..."

I certainly liked it a lot more than before. But so many questions still bothered me. Questions that likely could only be answered by the Queen of Hearts herself. 

"Jessie?" Lily raised her head to look me in the eye. 

I smiled back at her, remembering my silent vow to banish the sorrowful look for good. 

"I do, Lily. And I think I'm ready to learn how to be a Citizen, if you still want to be my Guide."

Her eyes lit up, and it filled me with the greatest joy I'd ever felt. Lily the Royal Bunny was back. 

"It makes me so glad to hear that, Jessie." She laid her head on my chest again. "You don't even know..."

She was right. I didn't know. I didn't know what I'd just agreed to, or where it would lead. But I knew it was my only option to finally get some answers. 

Queen of Hearts, here I come...