 A short start of a series to come, following the hypnotic romance of a Catholic hot-head, and a calm, collected Wiccan. This "chapter" specifically is light, but is meant to start opening a door.

Without further ado:

*****

Yuuup. Halloween again, and I still didn't have plans. Harley... best to avoid that mess of crazy. I could hang out with Janet, but knowing her she'd be going home with a guy. Or maybe a few. And probably some girls too. Maria? Nah, she's probably hanging out with a bunch of other vets, just like every holiday. Fuck it, the bar. They've probably got some sort of special deal.

"Hey Nat? You home?" No answer. Whatever, she's probably still at work. "I'm heading out, okay? If you need me, Call Jimmy down at the Wild Card."

I locked the door, adjusted my leather jacket, and smiled to myself, thinking after a few drinks, I could vandalize some shit. "I aim to misbehave."

---

"What!? You have the balls to RAISE the price of beer!?" I stated more than I asked.

Jimmy sighed, "I don't make the rules Philly, you know that. If you got a complaint-"

"What, leave it in the box!? Craig's been out for days!"

"Not my problem, you buying or not?"

"Fine." I glared, sitting down at my usual stool, "Just one beer, I'll be going to a better bar after that."

"Happ-"

"Don't even, Jimmy."

He sighed, and slid over a beer. Buzz light. Great, off brand and shitty for double the cost. Where am I, the Super Bowl?

Then, as what I should be used to at this point, a woman sat next to me. Looked late twenties, maybe 28. Blonde hair, busty, curvaceous. I usually preferred lean girls, but she made it work. She was in a witch costume, and... drinking water? Bad joke, primed and ready for launch, "Thought that stuff was supposed to melt you."

She smiled, "I don't drink, is all."

"You're drinking right now, it's just water." I smiled myself, before I realized, "Wait, wait, wait, you came to a bar... but you don't drink?"

"Well, I came for other reasons. It is Halloween after all."

"What's that got to do with a rinky dink bar like this?"

She smiled. That smile of hers was oddly comforting. "The Wild Card... such a fitting name. You've seen all casts of character here, am I right Phillicia?"

"Woah, back up. You're sending some serious creep vibes. How'd you know my name?"

She smiled. I loved when she smiled, "Wiccans have their ways, Miss McCallus. It's All Hallow's Eve, the veil between worlds is thin, why don't you have an open mind?"

"Cause every time I do, someone fucks with it, Nora!" What? Wait a minute, "What the hell...?" I stared at her. Nora. That was her name, but how did I know it?

She smiled. I never wanted it to stop. "Oh, honeybee," that sent a flutter in my heart. I wanted to get angry, "But don't you like when people do? When a smart girl comes along, and just Takes Over?"

"Back off, weirdo. You're giving me stalker vibes, and I have enough confusion in my life. This same kind of thing happens to me about once a month, so I'd appreciate it if you would kindly Fuck Off!"

"Such hostility!" She smiled. I smiled. I shook my head and scowled, "Such fire! I love it! You must be Norse somewhere back."

"What did I say? Fuck. Off." I had to focus on my anger, even if it wasn't entirely rational. I'm sick and tired of people coming in and playing with my head, like I'm just-

She smiled. I smiled. "A toy? Oh, that's no fun. Don't they know all the real fun is in the game, not the victory?"

"Would you at least quit doing stuff like that? Look, you seem nice, but right now you're one giant ass stressor, and I have more than a fair share to stress." I started to calm down. All that anger come from nowhere, it should go back.

She smiled. I realized why I liked it. It wasn't condescending, it wasn't victorious, it wasn't cocky. It was sincere. She was happy talking to me. "Want a magic potion? Clears up all that stress." A flask? Ha!

"What happened to little miss 'I don't drink'?"

"So? I've still got friends that do. Besides, this is waaay cheaper than the booze here, free even. Have some."

I smiled. For once, I felt like the girl next to me wasn't just taking control of me. Which, yes, can be very hot. But sometimes you just need someone who can be there, for some nice, old fashioned flirting. I took a swig from the flask, and couldn't stop drinking. It tasted amazing. And it totally vaporized my worry. I didn't even remember that she somehow knew something I didn't tell her. What, my age? Didn't matter.

"Hell yeah! Come on, let's go have fun, Nora!" I cheered, tossing her flask away.

"I'm so glad I met you..." She smiled. I'd do anything for that smile.

---

Before I knew what happened, we were at her apartment, and I was on her bed. I could move, but I was stunned. She was so hot... her hand slid up my thigh, and up my skirt. When did I put on a skirt? She rubbed my soaking pussy, and said HOT. I gasped and moaned, my cunt was on fire, I needed stimulation, but her fingers traced just around my lips, and I could barely focus on anything other than my need. My arms wouldn't move, my legs hardly kicked, my mind swam in this overwhelming desire for a touch.

And then she stuffed to fingers into me, and I came. Hard. My pussy clenched around her fingers, my body spasmed, my mind swam, and as my vision cleared enough to see her face, she smiled. I panted.

"Up, up, up now honeybee~" She sang softly, grabbing my chin and kissing me.

I breathed, still recovering, getting my bearings. The date is November fifth. My name is Phillicia McCallus, I was born April 4, 1994. Nora is my current tist and good friend, we met two weeks ago, but we're pretty close already. I looked up, and saw Nora's beautiful smile, "Hey Dorkus... that, uh... that was a unique one. Usually you get straight to the point."

"I thought, we didn't get to spend Halloween together. A hypnotic suggestion is the next best thing, right?"

"Pfffhahaha, so you made me forget you so we could meet?" I smiled. She smiled. My heart flew, "God I love you, dorkus."

"You too honeybee. And happy belated Halloween." She kissed me deeply, and pushed me down, "Up for round 4?"

"Wait, 4?? How much did you make me fo-"

"Backtrack." 

"Pfffhahaha, so you made me forget you so we could meet? That's... sweet and hot. Is there a word for that? Like, chocolates that makes you horny and stuff?"

She laughed, "Haha! Chocolates that make you horny. I'll put that on the to do list on things to play with you using." 

I kissed her deeply, and looked up at her, "Ready for round 2?"

"You're the one that needs to be ready! Let's see how many times you need to climax before pleasure totally overwhelms your mind~"

"It's a lot by itself, not too many with some added help." I smirked, "I lead an eventful life."

"Happy Belated Halloween."

"Woah, deja vu."