 This is a short work of erotic fiction containing furry, or anthropomorphic, characters, which are animals that either demonstrate human intelligence or walk on two legs, for the purposes of these tales. It is a thriving and growing fandom in which creators are prevalent in art and writing especially.

*****

A Wolf's Submission

"Darling, if you keep treating me like this, you're going to spoil me."

Smiling sweetly, Cassie swirled the red wine around the glass, allowing it to release the flavours, aroma growing stronger as the wine breathed. Perfect. The freshly showered and groomed coyote put her nose to the rim of the glass and inhaled slowly, eyes half-lidded as she drowned in the pleasure of the beverage, a rare treat for someone in both of their lines of work when they needed to have their wits about them.

Her partner sat across from her at the dining table, oddly formal for their evening at home, but it had seemed appropriate to get out the good cutlery for such a fine cut of steak and wonderful company, candles lit between them. And Cassie wasn't referring to the sensual wolfess opposite her either when she mentioned the fine cut of meat, though the beauty that was her lover was something special indeed. Their eyes met over the table, the chief of police smirking ever so slightly as she tucked a strand of brown hair back behind her ear, locks shiny and curling ever so lightly as her hair hung loosely around her shoulders.

Oh, yes, she was a catch indeed, her fine, wolfish girlfriend. Even if she did get the upper paw most of the time, being stronger and, well, better trained in certain ways through the course of her job. That couldn't be helped. Still, the lines of her muzzle drew her in as Kira sat back in her chair, lips pulling up in a smile and breasts swelling through the pink lace top she wore, her attire falling between dinner at home and dining out with a lover. The coyote sighed, a near enough dreamy note entering her tone before she shook herself and sat up straight, wriggling in her seat as she lifted her chest and pushed her shoulder blades back.

Cassie hid her smirk behind the rim of the glass, finishing the wine as their empty plates were pushed to the side. Yes, Kira was special, very much so. And one had to have fun when someone special was in their life, did they not?

"I could not have thought you for such a romantic," Kira teased lightly, fingers dancing across the table, her own wine glass already empty. "But this... You really pulled out all the stops, didn't you?"

Oh, she could have melted, but she had to stay strong. Leaning forward, the coyote batted her eyelashes, squeezing her arms in to her torso to draw attention to her breasts. Right on cue, the wolf's eyes dropped down and Cassie inhaled: perfect.

"Although the meal is over, I had something else in mind for you. And I do so hope you'll enjoy what I have planned. If you can drag your attention away, that is."

And, before Kira could react, comfortable and secure in the bounds of her own home with her lover, Cassie was on top of her. The empty wine glass spun away across the wooden dining table - really, it was a miracle it didn't tip off and shatter - as she growled and tackled the larger, stronger wolf off her seat entirely. Kira yelped as her elbow cracked into the painted wall behind her, candles shivering in pools of melted wax, and snarled instinctively, grappling with her lover as if she was taking down a criminal on the job. Though, truly, the majority of her role in the force involved higher level work, she still had all the usual training and knew just how to secure an opponent who was less than eager to be subdued. It just wasn't usually Cassie's arms that she had to twist behind one's back.

Only, Cassie didn't fight by the books and she certainly had no rules or drills to follow. Taking advantage of her smaller, nimbler body, the coyote wrapped herself around Kira's ankles, not allowing her enough space to get her legs apart to even lock her between them. Her paw darted under the table and Kira lunged, going for her shoulders, but Cassie got there first, pinching the web of skin and fur between her thumb and forefinger as she caught her paw and earning herself a shocked squeal that was most unbefitting of the wolf. But all was fair in love and war and sometimes underhand tactics were required for her kind of lovemaking.

As the wolf growled, pain swiftly fading, she locked her arms around the coyote's torso, breasts to her back as the smaller fur squirmed. For a moment, Kira thought she'd won and was halfway through a triumphant crow when an elbow jabbed back into her gut, sending her doubling over as Cassie dropped once more, something in her paw that had not been there before.

And, like a flash, the rope was around her wrists as she gasped for breath, arms behind her back and a knee between her shoulder blades to keep her pinned down while Cassie did her work. For all that Kira usually ended up taking the lead role, for her larger size and strength in fighting to be on top, Cassie was a dab hand at knots too and let out a pleased grunt as she secure the knot away from Kira's fingers, wrists crossed and rope allowing little movement.

"Seriously?" Cassie laughed, almost surprised at herself for succeeding in trapping her partner at all. "I thought you knew me better than that - I even pretty much warned you what was going to happen! I gave you a heads up!"

Growling, Kira twisted and fought the bonds, finding them tight as she was laid over the end of the table like a piece of meat waiting to be devoured. Cassie's long, pink tongue snaked out along the side of her muzzle and she murmured her appreciation of the view, Kira kicking out and yet finding herself afraid to accidentally roll off the table itself.

"Cassie," she spat, though there was no true venom in her voice, simply frustration at being bested. "I will have you - untie me right now! Or else!"

"Or else...what? I think I hold the cards here this evening, don't you, sweetie?"

Wagging her finger, Cassie cocked a hip and widened her eyes in faux shock, tail curling against her calf.

"Now, now, I can't be having back talk like that off you. After all, you've had me in just the same position time and time again."

The coyote giggled, fingers pressed to her lips, though she had no intention of stifling the sound even the slightest.

"Now, it's my turn."

Later, Kira would ask her just where she produced the rope from and the bondage tape that she took great pleasure in wrapping around her muzzle - several times for good measure. Growling and snarling against the effective gag, Kira gulped down a whimper, sliding her gaze back to Cassie as she was forced up onto her knees on the table. Of course, she didn't have to, but... There was something about the dominant streak to the coyote, who perhaps didn't get as much air time as she did, that made her shiver, hackles flattening all the way back down.

Maybe just this once?

Sometime during the short-lived fight, Kira's pretty lace top had been torn, letting her breasts, barely contained in their matching bra, spill out. Taking a pair of scissors, blunt on one side, from her stash, Cassie giggled wickedly and practically bobbed on the balls of her hind paws in her eagerness to strip her all the way down.

And so she did, slicing away clothing and undergarments, as prettily as they framed her strong, lean body, until the wolfess was in nothing but her bare fur. And the coyote remained noticeably clothed. Shivering, Kira moaned, eyes lidded and shoulders slumped forward.

"Something tells me you like being on the bottom too," Cassie whispered, winding and looping rope around the wolf's chest, making a harness pattern that was clearly of her own design. "You want this. You want me. Like this."

She cocked an eyebrow, tightening the rope around the wolf's breasts. The rope slid over fur, ruffling it up the wrong way, and yet it was all Kira could do merely to tremble in place, eyes wide as she was dressed up like a whore at a kink party. She should know what the look was, after all, as she'd done the same to Cassie on many occasions, taking both of them adorned in masks so they could not have been identified.

Kira arched into the rope harness as it was tightened, a criss-crossing pattern highlighting the muscle in her mid-section - and no doubt her back too - as her breasts were put on full display, pink nipples poking up through the fur as if they wanted Cassie's attention. And the coyote was all too keen to supply that attention, dipping her slender muzzle down to lap over and suck each one in turn into her mouth, tail wagging lightly all the while. There was no question as to whether or not she enjoyed her dominance and Kira panted heavily through her nostrils, wanting to loll her tongue out, but unable to as the coyote nipped sharply at one pert bud of flesh.

The wolf sucked in a breath, yet still not enough, heart hammering as she whimpered and twisted her head from side to side. Sure, she could have pulled away from the coyote's inquisitive, questing, tongue and teeth - but why would she really have wanted to do that? The room spun around her, softly illuminated, and her breasts rose and fell heavily, tail tucking in submissively over her rump.

And Cassie knew she had her.

More rope came out of nowhere - damn a trickster! It was her own fault for getting with one! - and Kira gulped as it went around her throat, passing the loose end through a loop as Cassie drew it back on itself. Holding the two loose ends in her back, she tugged experimentally on the improvised leash and Kira whined as it tightened swiftly with pressure, eyes going wide. She wouldn't pull that hard...would she? The wolf wasn't sure if she didn't want her to.

Smirking cockily, the coyote tapped the side of her muzzle and stepped back, drawing the rope leash taut without exuding pressure.

"Come now. Down."

And, so easily that it was strange to think that obedience had not been bred to her line, Kira obeyed, swinging her legs down from the table. Of course, she had to balance more carefully with her paws behind her back, but she managed, stepping after Cassie into the living room with electricity flowing through her veins. Again, she tested the limits of the tape wrapped around her muzzle, but the most movement she could get out of her muzzle was a slight pulling back of the black lips, just about covering her sharp teeth. She shivered. As if they'd be any good to her with the gag on.

The living room had been illuminated with so many candles that Kira could hardly believe the coyote had been able to orchestrate the whole thing without her finding out. And the candles weren't all that far burned down either, it had to be said. The wolfess would have smiled, if she'd been free to form the expression, but the rope tightening around her throat, calling her attention back to the one who really mattered, spoke louder than any words she could have possibly uttered either.

A heavy paw, dominating, on her shoulder forced her down to her knees and she was suddenly faced with her lover's crotch, the black jeans showing off her shape and yet not hiding the deeply erotic scent of her arousal. She could have held back, but Kira inhaled deeply, closing her eyes. In that moment and that moment alone, with candlelight casting dancing shadows on the wall, all she wanted was her dominant coyote's pussy under her tongue, tasting her sweetest essence.

When she opened her eyes, the coyote's gaze locked onto hers, controlling and demanding from one look alone. Kira sucked in a sharp breath through her nose.

Cassie's eyes burned.

"Submit to me."