 The Visiting Student

 Kelly and Rachel have been dating for a month or so now. They've gotten together 6 or 7 times, sometimes at Kelly's place, sometimes at the other. Things have been going great for them from so many different angles; it's been a breath of fresh air, and they're both exceedingly happy.

Right now, Rachel is on her way to Kelly's apartment for a little get-together. Kelly's friend, Tricia, is also going to be there. Rachel and Tricia have both heard a lot about each other, but just haven't had a chance to meet. Kelly first met Tricia a couple of years ago. They had met while taking yoga classes together, and had become fast friends. Rachel asked if they had ever dated, and Kelly said they had tried, but found that they did better as best friends... friends with occasional benefits, she added. Rarely, Kelly assured her, but more than twice. "That's all good," Rachel let her know. "I'm not concerned. You and I are both really happy together. We're not going anywhere. Besides, that occasional benefit you have with Tricia... the school for wayward girls is always open to visiting students."

That statement was exactly what today was about... Tricia was anxious to get in on the fun, and today was a chance for her and Rachel to get to know each other a bit first. Dominance and Submission is about trust, mutual trust, and you can't exactly trust someone you've never met.

When Rachel got to Kelly's apartment, Tricia was already there. A little music was playing, and the girls were sitting on the patio, having a drink. Both girls got up when they saw her. Kelly gave Rachel a kiss, and Tricia gave her a hug. "I'm so glad to finally meet you!"

"Me too!"

In contrast to the tall, athletic Kelly, Tricia was very petite, just 5'1" and barely 100 lbs. Very pretty, too. Big green eyes, big white smile, and thick sandy brown hair. Mmmm Hmmm, Rachel thought wickedly, I could toss her around like a rag doll. I hope she doesn't break. Rachel quickly found that Tricia was very engaging... conversational and quick to laugh and smile. She could tell why Kelly liked her so much.

As they got to know each other, Rachel discovered that Tricia was not only a yoga teacher Yay!!, but she also appeared in a lot of local television commercials. That's where I know her from! Tricia was the spokesperson for a local car dealership – one of those things where you know her face, but you never know her name... something that worked out pretty well, actually, she admitted. People were more helpful because they recognized her, but without knowing her name, she didn't get bothered too much.

 They talked well into the evening, enjoying the "girl time" and the pleasant mid-summer weather. Tricia and Rachel were getting comfortable with each other, and so Tricia eventually broke the ice. "So, Ms. Andrews... Professor," she said, pausing for Rachel's mind to switch gears. "Tricia has told me a lot about your school, the school for wayward girls. With your permission, I would like to come for a visit. I'm in need of a proper education."

In an instant, Tricia's appearance completely changed. A minute ago, she looked like a girl that was bubbly and fun. Now, the look on her face said, "filthy, filthy whore". As she made her switch, so did Rachel. "We can do that, Tricia," she said in her Domme voice. "Tell me a little about yourself."

"Well," she said, leaning in close, "like Kelly, I already have a bachelor's degree. I'm looking for a Master's program... an advanced education."

 "Continue."

 "I understand that you're an exceptional instructor. Kelly also tells me that you're good at handling discipline."

 Rachel paused for a long second. "I have my methods. Can I expect trouble out of you?"

 "Well, you know how students can sometimes get... besides, with any new school, there are always lots of new rules to learn. A memorable lesson always comes with discipline."

"Kelly told me that panty stuffing trick she did was actually your idea."

"Yeah," Tricia smiled. "I thought that would be really hot."

"And I'm sure Kelly told you what I did with those panties."

"You made her wear them on her face. That was really hot. I got myself off a few times to that story."

Rachel smiled at the compliment. "I'm glad you liked it," she replied, and then started to get up. "Well, girls, it's time for me to leave." Looking at Tricia, she told her, "Come out to my place tomorrow, 1 p.m. Kelly will give you directions. And plan on staying late. It's going to be a long day." The girls hugged again and Rachel went on her way. "Talk to you tomorrow, Tricia," she yelled over her shoulder.

Without even leaving the parking lot, Rachel called Tricia from her car. In her Domme voice, she scolded her, "You questioned me at discipline, Tricia. That was a little bold for a new student."

"Sorry, Ms. Andrews. I just wanted you to know where I was coming from."

"Oh, I know. And we're going to address your little impertinence right now. I want you to get up and go to the bathroom."

"Yes, ma'am," Tricia said, standing up. When she got to the bathroom, she shut the door behind her. "I'm here."

"Pull your dress up, take off your panties, and sit on the toilet."

A few seconds passed. "Okay, ma'am, I'm ready."

"I want you to slap your pussy five times. After each slap, say 'Thank you, Ms. Andrews.' And hold the phone down close so I can hear."

Smack. "Thank you, Ms. Andrews."

Smack. "Thank you, Ms. Andrews."

The pause between slaps started getting longer, and you could hear a little pain in her voice. Smack. "Thank you, Ms. Andrews."

Smack. "Thank you, Ms. Andrews."

"Last one, Tricia," Rachel told her. "Make it a good one."

There was a pause. SMACK!! A long pause, then a weak "Thank you..... Ms. Andrews."

"That's it, Tricia. I'll see you tomorrow."

On Sunday morning, Kelly came over early so she could help Rachel get ready for their guest. They were just finishing up when they heard a knock on the door. Rachel checked the clock – 1:04. Late, she thought with a frown. "I'll get it, Kelly," she called out to her. Rachel knew that Kelly would have already been on her way to greet our guest, but she needed for Tricia to see her disappointment. "Just take your seat by the door."

 Rachel walked down the front hall to get greet Tricia. Just off of the foyer, Kelly was sitting obediently on her hands and knees, fully nude, wearing only her black collar.

Rachel opened the door and found Tricia standing on the stoop. "You're late," she said acidly, her face showing her disappointment. Tricia's bright eyes dropped to the ground. "I'm sorry, I—"

"Whatever," Rachel said, then grabbed her by the arm and pulled her inside. Tricia yelped a little at the forcefulness. Shutting the door behind them, Rachel turned and walked toward the den, leaving Tricia standing there in the foyer. "Kelly," Rachel said over her shoulder. "Take her to the living room... and Tricia... I don't like to wait." Kelly stood and waited until Rachel was out of the room, and then silently led Tricia down the hall to the den. 

Rachel was seated in an armchair on the far side of the room when the girls entered. She took a sip of water as she watched them walk across the room towards her. Kelly motioned for Tricia to stop when she was about 4 feet from Rachel, and then took a couple steps back out of the way. Tricia stood silently, feet shoulder-width apart, as Rachel looked her over. 

 Tricia was decked out in some sort of a black schoolgirl outfit, but with a black bikini top, instead of a traditional white blouse. Her wavy, sandy brown hair cascaded over her shoulders. Her brown eyes were accented with dark, smoky eyeshadow, and she wore gloss on her lips. Around her waist, she wore a black ruffled micro-skirt, something she found at a porn shop, the hem barely dipping an inch or two below her pussy. She wore black over-the-knee stockings, and some black-and-white wingtip platform shoes. She looked good enough to eat. 

 "Take your top off," Rachel told her. Tricia reached behind her and undid her bikini top, letting it fall to the floor. Her breasts were bare. They were really small, but pretty. Tricia was a little self-conscious about them. "I wish they were bigger," she said, "like yours."

 "Nonsense, honey. They're perfect. I can't wait to put my mouth on them."

 "Thank you, Mistress."

 "Turn around," Rachel told her. "I want to see your backside." Tricia turned around and stood with her back to me. Her legs looked amazing, very slender and tan. Of course, the short hem of her barely-there skirt slightly betraying the curve where ass meets thigh. My pussy got even creamier. "Bend over and grab your ankles," I told her. As soon as she bent over, her black butt plug and white g-string went on full display. I got an idea of the plug's size, and it wasn't small, but I didn't acknowledge it just yet. Tricia kept her legs straight with obvious ease as she peered back at me from between them. "Like this, Mistress?"

 Mmm, Rachel thought. Can't wait to fuck this little TV girl. She looks so hot on TV. "I understand that you're a yoga instructor, Tricia." I could eat dinner off of that ass. I think I will. Bend her over the table while I rest my dinner plate on her ass. Lick her pussy for dessert.

 "Yes, ma'am," Tricia replied.

 "So you're very flexible. Good. Come sit on my lap."

 Tricia rose up, and then sat on Rachel's lap, straddling her leg with her back to Rachel, and scooted up towards her. Rachel slid her hands up and down Tricia's thighs, as she admired her slender back. "You're beautiful, Tricia. I like your outfit."

 "Thank you."

 Rachel raised her hands and cupped Tricia's breasts, kneaded the small mounds of flesh, tugged on her nipples.. 

 "I feel that buttplug in your ass. You're a naughty girl."

 Tricia just giggled.

 "It's a little big. I didn't think a little girl like you could take something like that."

 She wiggled her ass back and forth on Rachel's leg. "I wanted to be warmed up for you."

 "Let me see your panties," Rachel said, peering at Tricia's lap as she slid her skirt up. They were white with black polka dots, a micro g-string rising only half an inch above her clit, just barely enough fabric to cover her pussy. "Those are very nice, Tricia. I like them a lot." Rachel's finger traced over them, feeling the lips beneath.

 "I'm glad you like them," Tricia said. "I bought them for you."

 Tricia pulled the fabric back and showed Rachel her cunt folds. Rachel ran her finger over them, feeling their warmth. She peeled back the hood of Tricia's clit, and exposed the pink pearl. It was a little swollen already. "We're going to spend a lot of time there," Rachel told her. Tricia just giggled.

 "Okay, up," Rachel said. Tricia stood up and stepped to the side. Rachel took a drink of water, and then got up and walked to a table on the side of the room. "Before we get started, there is a matter of you being late. Tell me, Tricia, do you know what the letters in BDSM stand for?" She returned with a set of nipple clamps connected by a chain.

 "Yes, ma'am," Tricia said, watching Rachel apply the clamps. "Bondage refers to restraints and limiting movement. Domination is giving and following instructions. S&M refers to the giving and receiving of pain." Tricia felt the pain in her nipples as the clamps were applied, but kept a poker face; she wanted to look worldly for the Head Mistress.

 "That's pretty much it," Rachel told her. "Kelly and I love the B and the D, with a little of the S and M. Pain is fun once in a while, a little pain... moderation in everything, you know. But it can also be an effective way to make a statement." She hung a small weight from the center of the chain.

 Tricia gasped as the weight dropped, suddenly yanking on her nipples, making the pain that much greater. "You owe me four minutes," Rachel told her.

 Turning to Kelly, Rachel said, "Escort our guest to the playroom... to the observation booth," and then disappeared down the hall.

 "I wonder what comes next," Tricia said to Kelly, who simply smiled silently. She undressed Tricia, except for the stockings; they were cute, so Kelly left them on.

 "On the floor, hands and knees," Kelly instructed Tricia, and she dropped to her hands and knees. Kelly walked to a table across the room, and came back holding a serving tray. On it were a bottle of lube, an ass hook, and a leash. She pulled the buttplug out of Tricia's ass and set it on the tray. She then squirted some lube onto Tricia's asshole and rubbed it in, sliding a couple fingers inside to lube up the entrance. Next, she picked up the ass hook and smeared some lube over the ball end. "What's that?" Tricia asked. "I've never seen one."

 Kelly just smiled and then popped the ball into Tricia's butt. "Oooh," Tricia replied. "That feels good." Kelly hooked the leash onto the eyelet and then started leading Tricia around the room, the girl bound by her asshole, rather than a collar on her neck. As Tricia crawled around the room, her mind was attacked by two alternating sensations... the pain in her nipples, clamped and weighted down, the pain shifting from one nipple to the other as the weight swayed back and forth... and the metal ball in her butt wiggling back and forth with each step of her legs. The dual, competing sensations made her pussy flow like a river.

 Kelly led her in a circle around the room until she could see that Tricia was having trouble with the pain, just a couple of minutes, and then stopped and made her sit up. Tricia sat up obediently, hands on her thighs. Kelly reached down and unhooked the nipple clamps. That's when the real pain hit. "Nnngh," grunted Tricia, as the blood suddenly flowed back to her tender nipples. She reached up with both hands and clasped her tits, trying to soothe the pain. The pain was sharp, but subsided quickly.

 "Come on," Kelly told her, tugging on the leash. Tricia got back on all fours, and Kelly led her down the hall to the stairs.

 When they got to the foyer, they stopped before ascending the stairs so that Kelly could unhook their guest. As they climbed the stairs, Tricia remarked to Kelly, "I like that ass hook! I'd like to spend some more time with that."

 "I'll mention that to Ms. Andrews," Kelly responded over her shoulder.

 Tricia's eyes went wide when she got her first view of the playroom. "O.M.G," she uttered. It was a BDSM dungeon, filled with all sorts of kink accoutrements.

 "Mm hmm," Kelly responded.

 "I'm glad you like it," Rachel said from her throne across the room. She explained in detail as Tricia walked around and looked at everything. "It's a dungeon, straight up. I just like the term playroom. Dungeons are, like, a basement thing, but I didn't feel like going all the way down to the basement when our bedroom is right down the hall... so I put it up here, and since it's up here in the daylight, I call it the playroom. Anyway, that's where you belong right now," Rachel said, gesturing towards the tall cage. "School visits are for observation. We'll let you interact later, but right now, you have to watch."

 Kelly escorted Tricia into the cage and shut the door behind her. This one was a floor-to-ceiling cage, allowing Tricia to stand upright; the small cage for crawling was in another corner. On a towel in the cage was a small vibrator for Tricia's use. Kelly climbed onto a gyno table and put her feet in the stirrups. Rachel began tying Kelly's legs to the stirrups and her arms to the arm rests. "Kelly gets a little squirmy when I do my little puppet trick," Rachel said as she wheeled the table over to Tricia's cage. "I wouldn't want her to fall off the table." 

 Kelly was strapped onto this table, her pussy right by the cage in front of Tricia. Rachel set a Hitachi down on the table right by Kelly's cunt. "This is how I make Kelly into a puppet," she said, and then shoved the whole head of the Hitachi inside Kelly's pussy. Kelly took it with a grunt, but it was definitely not her first time. "Wanna make the puppet dance?" Rachel asked Tricia, tapping her finger on the vibrator's start button.

 Tricia looked at Rachel with curiosity and then turned the Hitachi on. Kelly jerked a little and smiled as the vibrations started. "It's a stretch and a vibration at the same time," Rachel explained as Tricia turned the speed up a little. "Ooh, thank you," Kelly said.

 "Pleasure and pain," Rachel continued. "Go ahead. Have fun. The idea, Tricia, is to speed it up for a bit and then bring it back down. Up and down, up and down. Make her ride the roller coaster, and if you do it right, she won't ever cum until you let her." Tricia turned the speed down for a bit, allowing Kelly to relax. Then she cranked the speed up high; Kelly's back arched, her toes curled, and her limbs fought against the restraints. "Oooooooohhhh," she bellowed as the intense vibrations rocked her body. And then after a few seconds, Tricia slowed it back down. "I like this, Ms. Andrews," she said with a grin.

 "I thought you would," Rachel responded. "Now I'm gonna climb up here and get my pussy licked." She climbed up on the table and planted her pussy onto Kelly's face, while Tricia worked the control on the Hitachi. Kelly worked her tongue across Rachel's pussy, sucking in all the droplets of juice. Tricia, meanwhile, used her own vibrator on herself while also pleasuring her friend. Within a few minutes, each of the girls had gotten their first orgasm of the day.

 After catching her breath, Rachel climbed down off of Kelly's face, and then undid her restraints; Kelly, still reeling from her enormous orgasm, rolled into a fetal position. Rachel gently rubbed Kelly's leg for a minute, then opened the door to the cage. "She needs to rest right now," Rachel said to Tricia as she emerged from the cage. "Let's go over here. Teacher wants to give you and examination." 

 Rachel led Tricia over to a couch and instructed her to lie backwards over the arm. As Tricia lied back, Rachel pushed her knees down to her shoulders, rolling her ass up in the air. "You're flexible, Tricia. Tuck your legs behind your arms," Rachel said as she pulled up a chair. With her legs tucked behind her shoulders and her ass up in the air, the piledriver position, Tricia's pussy and asshole were on full display, ready for her examination. "Mmmm, very nice. I approve," Rachel told her as she looked down at Tricia's upturned body. "You know what this is?" she asked, gesturing at Tricia's sex holes.

 "No, ma'am."

 "This is my playground... and teacher wants to play." She spread apart Tricia's crack and buried her face in the hot fuckholes, licking every inch like it was a hot apple pie. With one hand, she slipped first two, then three fingers into Tricia's tight ass, stretching it out to get it ready for some future fucking. Her other hand, she used to peel apart Tricia's pussy lips. She was so pink and wet inside. The hole was open a little, winking a little at Rachel. She dribbled a line of saliva down into it, then gave it a lick.

 "Here, Mistress," said Kelly, suddenly appearing. She handed Rachel a slim vibrator. "Thank you, honey," Rachel responded, looking up. She took it from Kelly and replaced her fingers with it inside Tricia's butt, sliding it in all the way to the base. With a twist of the knob, the vibrations started, making Tricia coo. "Thank you, Mistress. That feels good." With the vibrator in Tricia's butt, Rachel slipped her thumb down into Tricia's wet cunt.

 Tricia was already on the edge just from the vibe, and then Rachel's thumb landed right on her g-spot, sending her over the edge in seconds. "Oh my God. Oh my God. I'm cumming," she exclaimed as her stomach tightened up and juice sprayed from her pussy. Tricia was having her first ever g-spot orgasm. The liquid shot into the air, and droplets landed all over her body, her face, and the couch.
