 This story is Rachel's point of view for those who wanted it. I hope you all enjoy it. Oh, by the way Rachel's point of view starts around the time she tells Laura she wants to date a guy. Of course as some of you can recall I didn't go into specifics on Laura's view but I will here. Another thing you should know in case you all haven't figured this out Laura's view will be named Laura and Rachel and Rachel's view will be named Rachel and Laura. Thank you for those previous comments you all have left I really appreciate them.

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -

"Hey Laura I brought the movies." I said as I headed into the kitchen knowing Laura had probably tried to cook something. 

"Hey babe." Laura said as she kissed me gently on the lips before finishing her sandwiches and macaroni and cheese.

"Hmm so this is what we are eating?" I asked a bit disappointed.

"Yup, why? Don't you like it? If you don't I could make you something else, would you like that?" Laura asked me as she probably saw the expression on my face. I never understood how easily she could read me; sometimes I actually believe she is my soul mate.

"Nope, I'm good with this, I'm going to go start the movie." I said as I went to the living room and put the movie in while I went to our room to change. I didn't know what happened to me because one moment I bo focused and the next I lost it. What was I doing here with Laura? This isn't right; I have to get out of here. Those were my thoughts before I felt some familiar arms around my waist. 

"Hey are you okay? I was calling your name but you seemed to not hear me." Laura whispered in my ear. I turned around and gave her a kiss on the lips before I actually changed this time into some sweat pants and a tee shirt. 

"Come on Laura lets watch the movie." I said as I pulled her to the living room where we sat on the couch and ate. 

"So are you going to tell me what you were thinking about?" I heard Laura ask me a few minutes after we had finished eating.

"No." I said as I gave her a smile and jumped onto her lap resting my head on her shoulder her arms immediately going around me.

"Hey Ray are you okay?" Laura asked me as she held me close to her. I didn't understand why I was acting the way I was earlier. I loved Laura she has been the most wonderful thing that has ever happened to me in my life and here I was thinking about not being with her again.

"Yea, baby I'm okay." I said as I snuggled closer to her.

"Rachel, can you tell me what you were thinking about earlier." Laura asked me as she held me a little closer.

"It was nothing love I was just thinking that I miss a little dick." I said without really realizing what I just had said.

"Oh, nice." Laura said as she loosened her hold on me and that's when I realized what I had said. 

"I mean I'm just saying stuff, just ignore me baby." I said as I held Laura's face in between my face gazing into her eyes.

"Do you though?" Laura asked me.

"Do I what?"

"Do you miss being with a guy Ray?"

"No, I was just playing baby. We've been together for three months and I don't miss any kind of guy." I said trying to get Laura to drop the subject, which she at least remained quite. We were lying on the couch Laura holding me, watching the movie when at last she decided to surprise me completely. 

"You know Rachel if you want to be with a guy it's okay with me. That is only if you want him for sex. I'd rather have you be with him for sex and I know about it instead of you doing it behind my back. However if it comes to the point when you fall in love with him or decide to date him I don't think me and you can date." Laura said as she caressed my face.

"It's okay baby because I don't want a guy I'm happy with you." I said as I moved upward, my hands moving as well to go around her neck so that I could have easier access to her lips. I moved my body so that I was on top of her my legs on either side of her and I began to kiss her softly my lips moving slowly on hers until I licked her lips with the tip of my tongue making her shudder. "Open your eyes Laura." I whispered against her lips as I traced her lips with my tongue and began to enjoy as her eyes began to get dilated. I wasn't sure how long Laura would let me tease her but I was enjoying licking her lips and tongue as I played with her nipples. I began to rub Laura's nipples softly, barely tracing over them as I slid my tongue into her mouth then pulled back every time her tongue got close to mine making Laura more frustrated. I began to move my hips against her knowing that she was wearing her strap on so that the nub could rub against her clit. Laura moved her hands to my clothes and took it away making sure I could feel the fabric rubbing against my skin, and then she pulled away and stood up facing me. I moved and kneeled on the couch so I could be facing straight at her. Laura walked away and put on some music before coming back and began to remove her clothing inch by inch once she was completely naked with only her strap on I stood up and ran my hands over her body slowly like if I were caressing a china doll. I didn't want to break Laura but I knew that all this teasing was going to break her. I pushed her on the couch and climbed on top of her but not on her dick. Once again I began to kiss her lightly and licked her lips before moving them slowly down her chin to her neck and nibbled on it kissing it slowly and kept moving down until I reached her tattoo. I began to trace her tattoo with my fingers, slowly as I watched her eyes get darker and more intense, it seemed that every move I made she watched closely like if I were the prey. I loved how she looked at me so much that I couldn't help the gasp that escaped me as I realized just feeling her body and her dark intense eyes were about to make me cum. I felt that rush go through my body as I came on her lap and looked at her begging her to do something but this time she gave me that smiled that proved to me that it was my turn to pay. Therefore I decided to keep playing with her tattoo but this time I moved my tongue and traced it slowly until I reached her pussy. Sadly though she was wearing her strap on so I kneeled on the ground and I traced one finger down her body until I grasped her dick and moved forward, just as I was about to suck on her dick I looked up her body and again her dark eyes were looking down on me, that is until I stuck the tip of my tongue out and began to lick her dick slowly up and down. I looked straight into Laura's eyes as she began to breath deeper and close her eyes but then open them again to keep looking at what I was doing to her dick. By now Laura was squirming under me and I was sucking her dick deep into my mouth her hand moved forward until she had it tangled in my hair and moved my head faster and made me take her in my mouth deeper. Laura began to move her hips upwards to meet my mouth and began to arch her back. I moved my fingers upwards until I got to her nipples, which I began to play with quickly, making her get closer. Finally as I pulled my lips away from her dick with a pop Laura came and moved her hips up and down her hands gripping the each end of the couch. 

I stood up and went to the kitchen to get some water for us. Once I gave her the water I thought Laura was going to be to tired but as I was turning I heard her voice so full of passion and darkness, "Come here Rachel." Laura said to me, but I wasn't the type to follow orders so I kept walking to my room. I thought Laura wasn't going to do anything but I was wrong.

I felt her hands on my waist as she pulled back against her body. Laura whispered to me so calmly and sweet that I shuddered at her words, "You know I don't like repeating myself, I just wanted to make love to your sweet pussy but I guess now I have to give it a good fuck, don't you think?" Laura said to me as she turned me around and put her hands on my ass so that she could boost me up so that my legs were on her waist. Laura carried me to her small office in one of the rooms clearing her desk with one hand icked her lips with es baby fuck me oh god yes baby yes, shit Laura fuck me harder baby!!" I finally came as Laura bit my nipple making me scream in pleasure. sy her tongue felt like fire on my clit, it was rough and oh so sweet, her tongue so wet because of me, she was moving her tongue slowly up and down my pussy, my back was arched already and my hands were in her hair pulling her closer against my pussy. Finally she slid her tongue deep in my pussy making me yelp, "oh god baby fuck me with your tongue, fuck me deep mmmmmm, I can't stand it anymore baby please, yes yes fuck me, oh gosh deeper slide it deeper in me, oh fuck yes yes Laura fuck me with that tongue." I screamed as I came. Laura finally pulled away her face covered in my juices, Laura came closer and I licked her face clear, I began to kiss her slowly tasting myself on her. I must have been so lost because by the time I felt her dick in my pussy it was already halfway in. I loved this feeling being on top of her desk and having her fuck my pussy with her dick. There was no denying that I loved Laura and how she fucked me, her dick sliding in and out her hands burning against my waist as she pulled me each time to meet her thrusts. I was so far gone that I lost track of how many times I came by having her dick slide in and out of me, feeling how full it made my pussy feel. Laura began to suck on my nipples as she picked up her pace making me move my head from side to side." Oh fuck yess, yes fuck your sweet cunt, fuck me hard baby, slide that dick harder baby, oh gaaawd I'm about to cum, yes baby fuck me oh god yes baby yes, shit Laura fuck me harder baby!!" I finally came as Laura bit my nipple making me scream in pleasure. 

Laura laid on top of me for a while before amazingly picking me up and carrying me to the bedroom where she laid me and took of her strap on before laying next to me. Her arms went around me and comforted me. 

"Did you sleep well?" I asked as I came into the kitchen to find Laura cooking breakfast."

"Hmmm I did, what about you?" Laura asked me as she came to me and pulled me against her body as she gave me a slow passionate kiss.

"Me too." I said as Laura served breakfast. I was happy Laura was a caring amazing responsible woman and I was with her, I was very lucky. Laura treated me like a queen and I knew there weren't many women or men like that out there, but tell me why even after that amazing sex, with such a great woman, I was thinking about what Laura said about it being okay if I had sex with a guy. 

Anyways everything was great until I bumped into Ron in the store two weeks after that night of the talk.