 Chapter 03: Seeds of Doubt 

I walked into Ms. Murphy's and saw Penny...again. She stood at the front counter, chatting with Melissa; acting all cute, batting her eyes. She let out a phony laugh at something Melissa said, and then placed a hand on her shoulder. Oh hell to the no! 

"Hi Melissa," I said in a loud clear voice, strolling over to them.

"Hi Rachel," Melissa said shoving the hand away.

"What some coffee Rachel?" Melissa said.

"Sure" I replied, watching Miss Flirty Mc Flirt out the corner of my eye.

Melissa turned away toward the coffee station. Penny was quite attractive; her strawberry blond hair was styled in a glossy and neat ponytail, her eyes were hazel and she wore a lime green sundress with white ballet flats. She was a perfect specimen of Caucasian beauty. 

"You're Rachel, right, Melissa's college BFF?"

"Yes, I remember you. You're Penny."

"That's me!" " You've been here a lot this week I've noticed, hanging around Melissa."

"Why would you care?" she snapped, "it's not you're her girlfriend.

"She is my girlfriend actually."

"Melissa never mentioned you were her girlfriend." 

How on earth could Melissa not tell her about me? Crap, it's the return of the Barbie dolls well, one of them anyway, I thought. I readjusted the purse hanging from my shoulder. She was so flirting with Melissa. My gaydar went off the charts.

"Melissa and I had a pretty good thing going." Penny sighed, tucking a piece of hair behind her ear. "You look very professional." Penny glanced over my gray pint striped skirt suit and matching high heels. "What do you do?"

"I'm a lawyer."

"That must be a lot of work and hours."

"It is but it is worth it."

"I wonder how much time you actually spend with Melissa."

"I spend plenty of time with her, we live together, and I come to the bakery nearly every day."

"I mention that because Melissa seems stressed out lately. I just wonder if you're a good match. You don't have much in common with each other. She's a baker, you're a lawyer. You can't even share make up with each other."

"What does that have to do with anything?" My face scrunched up in confusion.

"Oh... I know she wants a taste of out some chocolate."

"Excuse me?" I let out a tiny gasp.

"She just must want to know what's like with a woman of color. From my experience it gets stale after a while. Interracial relationships can be fun and exciting for a bit, but how long will it last before the novelty wears off?

" We've been together for over a year! I roared. "I'm a human being, not a novelty!" I blinked back tears, forcing to myself to keep from crying. Some curious people turned in my direction. I snapped my head in their direction. "Do you mind?" Several of them turned away, startled by my wrath.

Penny took a few steps closer to me so she was right in my face and asked in a quiet, malicious tone, "When was the last time she made love you?"

Stunted by my shock and anger, I couldn't answer.

"That's what I thought," Penny sneered.

"Here's your coffee, Rach." Melissa was back with a large Styrofoam cup of coffee and a huge chunk of coffee cake. Her eyes went back and forth between me and Penny who managed to step away from me within the seconds it took for Melissa to notice us. "What is going on?"

"Haven't you noticed Penny has been here a lot this week?" My temper was starting to boil over like a covered pasta pot.

"She just got back to town, we've been catching up." Melissa said.

"When I walked in she was all over you. Why didn't you tell her about us?"

"I was going to.... and" Melissa stammered.

"Then I ask again, why didn't you tell her about us?"

Melissa said nothing.

"You know what, I'm just going to go, let you two 'catch up' so more." I marched out the bakery, my heels clicking loudly against the floor.

When I got home that evening, I tossed my purse and brief case into a corner of the living room. I went to the bedroom and plopped back on the queen size bed with a sigh. The past month was grueling. I was made an associate at the firm which made me busier than ever. 

The wedding season was in full swing which meant a lot of work for Melissa as well. She had to bake these elaborate wedding cakes and each detail had to be perfect. We would come home, dragging our feet with barely enough energy to cook a decent meal. 

I yanked off my heels, sighing in relief. After giving my feet a massage, I replaced my work suit with a pair of black short shorts and Melissa's green Kiss Me I'm Irish t shirt. I heard a squeak from the bathroom, indicating that Melissa had just finished her post work shower. 

Melissa almost always showers after work unless she is completely exhausted, like on the night of our one year anniversary. I found her curled up on the couch, covered in flour and totally conked out. Some lose strands of her wavy red hair framed her small oval shaped face. She looked so pretty and peaceful. I watched her sleep for a moment, and then woke her up. We shared an amazing steak dinner then spent the rest of the night in bed, our passion for each other as strong as ever.

Not too long after our anniversary, the intimate side of our partnership began to fizzle out. I would pass out or she would before the other could get in the mood stated. Melissa worked a lot of weekends so even then it was tricky to snag her for a quickie, much less for a decent romp in bed. I padded to the kitchen, grabbed a bottle of water from the fridge and leaned against the counter. I sipped the water in silence for a minute or two before Melissa stormed into the kitchen.

"Rachel," she said with an irritated edge to her voice, "you left your heels in the middle of the bedroom floor and I nearly tripped over them. This has to be the 50th time it has happened. How many times am I going to have to remind you to put your goddamn shoes away?"

"I'm sorry," I grumbled, "it was a rough day, my feet were killing me so I just slipped them off and tossed them on the floor."

"Were the shoes hurting your feet?"

I nodded.

"Then why in the hell do you wear them?"

"It's a part of the business attire. "What happened today at the bakery? You made such a big scene. I was so embarrassed!" "Your ex- girlfriend was all over you and you didn't do anything."

"Yes I did."

"Only when you saw me walking up the counter."

"That's true but..."

"Why did you let her hang all over you?" I put the bottle of water on the counter behind me and folded my arms.

"We were just talking. Penny's very touchy feely."

I rolled my eyes. "I'll say. It wasn't just that either. When you went to the back, Penny was poking her fake, plastic surgery nose around like she was Detective fucking Benson asking me all of kinds of questions. Then she..."

I took a deep breath and chewed on my bottom lip. 

"What happened?" Melissa's voice softened.

"She basically made the argument that we weren't compatible because we have different occupations and not from the same racial background. That you were just trying a piece of chocolate."

"What? Really? Melissa asked with outrage.

"Yeah," I said in a tiny voice. 

"That's what made you so angry." Melissa reached out and stroked my cheek.

"Yes and the last thing she asked me was when was the last time she made love to you in this quiet, sly voice."

"What a conniving, racist bitch! You know what; after you left she tried to kiss me."

"I knew she was trying get in your panties!" I snapped my fingers and shook my head. "What did you do?"

"I kicked the bitch out me shop, that's what, and told her to never come back!" Her accent was more pronounced now that she was angry. 

"It seemed like you were enjoying the attention. You were laughing right along with her and you two do look...good together." 

Frowning, I strolled away from her and slumped onto the couch in the living room. She jogged behind me and hopped onto the couch right next to me.

"I was. I'll admit it. You barely pay attention to me anymore."

"So you go get it from someone else."

"Wait a second, hear me out." She reached out and grasped my hands. "When she pressed her lips against mine I heard your voice in my head screaming, "Oh hell to the no!"

We both chuckled and I rested my head on her shoulder. "I was screaming that in my head when I saw you with her."

"You know race means nothing, Rachel. Forget what that blond piece of shit thinks. I'm with you, not her. We did look good together, did as in past tense. Penny's in my in my past, you're my future."

We embraced warmly and she rested her forehead against mine. "I'm sorry for making a scene" I said, rubbing her back.

"I'm sorry for the lack of attention I have been giving you lately." Melissa said.

" We've both been working like crazy these days."

"Not to mention, stressed out all the time."

I lowered my voice into an alluring whisper. "I have a few ideas on how to fix that..." I lifted some of the hair off her neck then planted small kisses along it. She sighed with pleasure, a slow grin spreading across her freckled face.

"That tickles," she giggled as I continued to assault her neck. 

I nuzzled my nose against her cheek. I looked into those stunning green eyes of hers, leaned in and kissed her lips. Her lips were as smooth and sweet as vanilla soft serve ice cream. She wrapped her arms around my neck and I deepened the kiss, gripping onto her waist. As the intensity of the kiss increased, Melissa slid onto my lap. She ground her crotch against my inner thigh, sending hot, electric pluses throughout my entire body. 

"Wanna go to bed?" I asked after several moments, using one hand to stroke her damp hair.

"I don't think I can make it to bed. Do me right here, right now." Her fingers danced up and down my spine.

"What do you want to me to do?" I kissed and tugged onto her ear lobe.

"Lick me!" she begged. She clamped her mouth against mine and gave my ass a brief squeeze.

"Mmmmmm...." I moaned into her mouth. I untied her robe and tossed it away. She was now in the total nude. She stretched out on the couch, lying on her back. It was such a sexy and gorgeous sight. I peeled off all of my clothing in a flash. Resting my body on top of hers; I cupped her milky breasts and felt her nipples become smooth pebbles under my touch. 

"Don't... just don't touch them..."

I wrapped my lips around her right breast and sucked it, cutting off her sentence.

"Oooohhh, yes, love." she exhaled in ecstasy. "You always know what I want."

I glanced up to smile at her, and then dove back in, kissing, sucking and licking that beautiful mound, proceeding to repeat my worship to the other one. My mouth travelled lower down her body. I stroked and kissed along her stomach, I flicked my tongue over her belly button. My fingers dipped in between her inner thigh. They discovered a slick trail of thick, hot moisture. 

"Someone made a mess" I teased.

"You caused it, getting me all wet."

"You want me to clean it up?"

"Yeah...with your tongue."

Happy to oblige, I scooted off of her and knelt down on the carpet in front of her. She sat up, spread her legs and started at me, a coaxing gleam in her eyes. I crawled in between her legs and flicked my tongue against her clit. "You tease," she crooned. A wicked grin spread across my face. "Baby, quit playing around and eat me out!" Chuckling, I brushed my tongue up and down her entire pussy. I plunged my tongue deep inside of her and began to trust into her with it. She grabbed my hair and bucked against my mouth.

"Yes," she screamed, "that's my good girl."

I moaned into her pussy at her exclamation and my lips hummed against her clit. I lifted my head to gulp in some fresh air and gazed down at my sweaty Irish sweetheart.

"Are you getting close?" I asked

She nodded and said, "Then it's your turn." She pressed a passionate kiss on my mouth, took my hand and shoved it in her crotch. I slid two fingers into her and began to pump them. As I worked up a good rhythm, my lips enfolded around her clit and I sucked it. My tongue flicked on her nub in between sucks while I gradually quickened the pace of my trusting fingers. Melissa panted and groaned with reckless abandon. I knew she was almost there.

"Come for me, Melissa," I urged with a whisper. She tensed, and then shook with a violet quake; she let out her gaudiest screech yet while her orgasm ripped throughout her core. I flopped down my head on her lap, worn out from my efforts. 

"Woah, "Melissa breathed, "That was just...wow." She raked her fingers through my hair.

"I'm sweating like mad." I sat up and wiped sweat away from my brow.

"You think you're hot now, wait until I'm done with you." She smirked.

She stood up and shoved me down on my stomach into the couch.

"Sit on your knees." She kissed my mouth, the nape of my neck, around my ears, my shoulders and all the way down my back. Meanwhile her strong, warm hands kneaded my breasts.

"Oh God", I sighed, "don't make me wait too long, baby, please."

She grasped onto my ass cheeks and licked my slit. I moaned pressing my face into a pillow. She ran her talented tongue over my slit and up and down my pussy lips. My body relaxed, enjoying the delicious ripples of pleasure cursing throughout it. She also put her mouth to work by sucking hard on my clit and pussy lips in between licks.

"Put your tongue in my pussy," I breathed. She did as I commanded, trusting it into me slowly and I hissed. "Yesssss."

Her tongue went in and out of me with passionate zeal. I clung on my pillow, incoherent noises and grunts issuing of my mouth. She replaced her tongue with her fingers after a while then alternated between two, her pace becoming quicker and quicker. She also smacked my ass quite a bit as well. All too soon I felt my muscles begin to tense.

"That's it," Melissa urged, "come for me."

At her words, I squeezed my eyes closed, screamed into the pillow and shook as if I was connected to a high voltage battery. Melissa laid me down on the couch. She gathered me into her arms and cuddled me. 

"Are you okay," Melissa soothed, placing a kiss on my cheek.

"I'm wonderful," I said in a drowsy and blissful voice.

"Where you really worried I was going to run off with Penny?" Melissa asked.

"I felt threatened, that's for sure."

"I thought you had more confidence than that, woman."

"Well, she's pretty..."

"So are you. And I love you; I honestly and truly love you. What Penny and I had was lust mostly. Plus you know what they say, once you go black..."

"You never go back!"

We burst out into a big fit of laughter. My worries melted away.

"Want to join me in the shower, Missy?" I suggested after we calmed down. 

"That sounds lovely."

We got up, and I lead her into to the bathroom. "It's going to be a long night," I said with a smirk and I shut the door behind us.