 From as early as fourth grade it was obvious that sports and I did not get along. I was either too slow or not coordinated enough. Team after team would either cut me, or only allow me to play the minimum amount of time that was required. When teams were picked in gym class, I was almost always chosen last. My uncle observed my frustration, and took it upon himself to help. He was concern about the long-term effect of my low self-esteem, so he introduced me to the world of racquetball. When my Uncle was younger he played on his college team, and had won several tournaments. Today his bookshelves are lined with trophies has proof of his accomplishments. But it wasn't his trophies that made him special to me, it was his ears. When I was just a little girl, I learned that he could wiggle his ears, and ever since then he has been my favorite Uncle, and I was honored that he wanted to share his time with me. So with only a few exceptions-we played racquetball three times a week until I went to college.

I started off slow, learning the rules and just trying to enjoy myself. It was several months before I was even able to return the ball with any regularity. But I was still too slow. I can remember my Uncle saying, "Don't worry about speed, that will come with time. Just be deliberate in your moves. Remember, it's better to take one slow step in the right direction then to take a fast one in the wrong direction". Although I doubted his words at the time, I later found them to be true.

Years past and I got better, good enough to enter local tournaments, capturing a few trophies of my own. During the summer of my senior year, before going to college, I was good enough to beat my uncle about 50% of the times. I was so proud of myself. Although this was a big accomplishment for me, I needed to remind myself that I was an 18-year-old girl in her physical prime, playing against a 53-year-old man. But it really wasn't about winning or loosing, it was about life. Not only had I learn to focus my mind, but I had grown strong and fast, and most importantly, I had learned to be confident. My Uncle gave me all this, just by sharing some of his time-I will never be able to thank him enough.

In college I joined a racquetball club and played in the women's league. One of the girls I met was Linda. Linda was half African-American and half Italian, about 5'10" weighing around 130 pounds. A wonderful by-product of her parent's love. The only odd thing about her was that none of the girls in the league seemed to care for her. No one talked to her, or wanted to play with her-she was an outcast. Because Linda was one of the few non-white members, I wondered if her forced isolation was due to racism. Personally I didn't see any reason why I shouldn't play with Linda, so I did, and we quickly became friends. It wasn't till later that I learned why the other girls kept their distance.

A few weeks after I started playing racquetball with Linda, a redhead named Lilly told me during Physic class that I had better watch my ass around Linda.

"What?" I asked, knowing I couldn't have heard Lilly correct.

"I said you had better watch your ass around Linda", Lilly told me again. "She's a dyke-a lesbian-a rug-muncher. Do I need to draw you a the picture?"

"But..., but..." I stutter.

"She's always hitting on the girls at the club. She's hit on me several times. She's even hit on that fat cow Penny." Lilly informed me.

"That can't be". I said in denial.

"Mark my words, she is only being nice to get into your panties. Watch yourself, unless that's what you are looking for." Lilly warned me with a snarl.

I would like to say that Lilly's words hadn't bothered me, but they did. I had felt the hands of a woman before and I had liked it. I liked it so much that I didn't trust myself. I was in college to become great, a source of pride and joy for my family, not to become a dyke. I grew up in a Catholic family where homosexuality was wrong, and the last thing I wanted to do was disappoint them. So for these reasons I made myself believe that I shouldn't play with Linda any more. We were schedule to play again tonight, and I desperately wanted to cancel. So with a strong conviction in my mind and the phone in my hand I dialed Linda's number. I was ready to give her some phony excuse about too much schoolwork. With each unanswered ring, my heart beat a little faster, and my breathing became more labored. Lying was never easy for me and I was dreading the discussion I was about to have. For better or worst, no one answered the phone. Thus, not wanting to be rude, I was destine to play one more game with Linda. But I was determined that it was going to be the last game we ever played.

Have you ever been in the position where someone says, "Don't look down!", or "Don't look now, but...", and you then can't help but to look? That is how I felt. Lilly told me Linda was a lesbian and I couldn't stop myself from staring. It has always been difficult for me to keep my eyes to myself around women, and this latest bit of news didn't help. While changing out of my street clothes, I found myself stealing glances of Linda. Her back was to me has she faced her locker. She was wearing nothing but a pair of white cotton panties that beautifully contrast her dark olive skin, and a white "scrunchy" that held her long, dark, curly hair. Linda had large breasts, so large that when she raised her arms to slip on her sports bra, they spilled to her sides for me to see. Seeing Linda in this new light captivated me, and my thoughts began to wander. I imagine that I had the courage to walk up behind her and cup both of her breasts while grinding myself into her. I could almost feel the softness of her panties, and warmth of her back on my chest. My eyes lingered a little too long, for when I snapped out of my trance I noticed that Linda's reflection was smiling at me through the mirror in her locker. I was so embarrassed. I felt like a little girl caught with her hand in the cookie jar.

After this incident, the last thing I wanted to do was lead her on any more then I might have already done. So I deliberately dressed down. I wore a plain white T-shirt in stead of my normal sport top and I traded in my soccer shorts that hung close to my thighs for a pair of baggy blue shorts which weren't the least bit flattering.

Linda came up behind me and put a hand on my shoulder and asked, "Are you about ready? The court is ours in a few minutes... We should get going?"

"Sure, just let me fill my water bottle." I struggled to say why trying to act normal.

Playing racquetball with Linda was now different. It wasn't her fault, it was mine. Linda had done nothing wrong. It was my perception of her that had changed. A short conversation with Lilly had made me thinking that every move or jester made by Linda had a sexual undertone. I felt like a "Homo-Phobe", and I hated it. Needless to say it was difficult for me to concentrate.

My greatest asset had become my speed, which I'm sure is due to my 5'2" frame, which only has to carry about 105 pounds. Normally I fly around the court, but not tonight. My moves were sluggish and non-decisive. Clearly my mind was not the game. While Linda prepared to serve, I watched the pendulum motion for her hips instead of the ball. I took note of every gesture she made, whether it was to rub a sore muscle or to wipe the sweat from her brow. I felt Linda was flirting with me, and every move was for my benefit.

Linda's asset to the game was her shear size and strength. Her serves were strong enough to leave echoes in the court for several seconds. But any player will tell you that you need more then strength to win, you also have to have speed and accuracy. Through precision ball handling I can normally run her ragged around the court. In the past she had never been a real challenge for me. Our matches were little more then a warm-up or an opportunity for me to experiment. But not tonight. My lack of concentration had allowed Linda to get within a point of winning her first game. I would like to say that I handle losing gracefully but that would be a lie. I needed five straight points to win and I was bound and determine to get them. I felt like I had almost driven off the rode while daydreaming-but now I was fully awake, and ready to do battle. I snapped off four serves that landed beautifully in the corner, causing Linda to do little else but watch. In less than a minute I was once again in control of the game.

I only needed one more point to win. Linda's hope of finally winning a game was quickly evaporating. Has I stood in the serve box, bouncing the blue ball, preparing for my last serve, I let the "cocky" side of me out, and I did something that I still regret. Without even looking at the ball, I turned my head and winked at Linda while hitting the ball. Because of my cockiness I had allowed Linda to get a hold of the blue ball, and she attacked like an animal. I had lost my chance for a quick victory, and would now have to work for it. After a few volleys I was desperately trying to find a way to get back in control, but Linda wanted the game has much as I did-maybe even more. Sweat violently flew off her body has she crushed the ball with her racquet. But instead of hitting the target wall-she hit me.

Time froze has the room filled with the noise of Linda's impact. In slow motion I saw my hand betray me and drop my racquet to the floor. I knew I had been hit, but I felt no pain. The pain was delayed just long enough for me to realize that I had won the game-but at what cost? When the pain arrived, it hit with a vengeance. Collapsing on the wooden court, I grasped my right calf just below the knee. Tears spilled from my tightly closed eyes, has I tried to muffle my cries. Linda repeatedly told me how sorry she was and how she didn't mean to hit me. She desperately wanted to make the pain go away, but didn't know what to do. She wrapped me in her strong arms, rocking me like a child, until my tears went away. If I wasn't in such agony, I'm sure I would have enjoyed her attention. After several minutes I was able to stand, and even though my leg didn't require medical attention, I did have a large purple bruise shaped like a racquetball. The mark remained for several weeks.

With hopes of relieving the throbbing sensation caused by Linda's hit, I lowered my naked body into the hot tub. The locker-room was mostly deserted, for the club had already closed, giving stragglers like myself time to change while they went about their closing duties.

Linda walked to the hot tub, wearing a pink towel wrapped around her waist, fully exposing her lovely brown chest. It has been my observation that athletic woman typically do not have large breasts-at least not natural ones. But just to prove me wrong, their they were. They had to be at least 38D, and I started to feel inadequate, for I was only a 32B. Has Linda removed her towel, and hung it next to mines, my eyes stared desperately, trying to take in has much as possible. Linda knew she was turning me on, and she loved it. Instead of sitting in the tub where she entered, she purposely crossed over me, momentarily pausing with her legs straddled over mine. For a brief moment, her belly button stared at me, has my eyes followed a trail of dark hair that ran from her navel to the top of her dark wet pussy. Her pussy was neatly groomed to fit her bikini, and was still dripping from her recent shower. If I was able to breath I think I could of smelled her sweet aroma. It was all I could do not to wrap my arms around her waist and kiss her lean stomach.

Our thighs touched has she sat to my right. Linda started the jets, causing the water to churn, making it impossible for me to see anything under the surface. Next to Linda I felt like a little girl, for while my chest was fully submerged, Linda was tall enough for her "caramel" colored nipples to ride the waves cause by the jets. "I really am sorry for hitting you. I didn't mean to hurt you." Linda apologized again.

"I know. Accidents happen." I conceded.

Hidden by the clouds of bubbles, I felt Linda's hand on the bruise she caused. "Does it hurt much?" She whispered, while staring at me with eyes that told me something wonderful was about to happen.

"Not any more." I managed to say.

With that she hugged me, and our necks fell on each other. She rubbed my back while gently kissing the spot behind my ear, causing the hairs on my neck to stand on end and chills to run through my body. I held her close, enjoy the warmth of her chest. With big pouting lips, Linda kissed me deeply, tasting me with her tongue. If I had ever held the notion of resisting her advances, they were quickly gone. Linda was releasing desires in me that I had hoped were gone.

I spread my legs open has I felt Linda wedging her hand between my thighs. With long nails, Linda knitted my pussy hairs, like a cat fluffing a pillow. Still sitting besides me, Linda lifted my right leg and swung it over her left thigh, spreading me even wider, giving her full access to my defenseless pussy. Still sucking my neck, Linda cupped my pussy with her hand and squeezed. Has she flexed the palm of her hand she caused a wonderful riptide to pulsate about my groin. My toes curled with delight has Linda alternated between rubbing my clit and causing streams of water to rush about my pussy lips. My left leg started to shake has my stomach hardened. Has the impending climax built inside of me, I grasped for air, desperately trying to dampen my cries, hoping not to attract any attention. While tracing my jaw line her tongue, Linda inserted two fingers knuckle deep inside of me and began to rub my clit with her thumb. Unable to withstand Linda's assault any longer I climaxed, while muffling my delights into Linda's neck.

Linda gently stroked my over sensitive pussy while I attempted to regain my breath. Linda grabbed my hand and placed it on top of her pussy. Has I was enjoying the feel of her short pubic hairs; I heard the locker-room door open. Quickly trying to compose myself, I removed my hand from Linda's crotch and swung my leg off her thigh and placed it back where it belonged.

"Hi ya' girls?" Margo the Receptionist said wearing a white terry cloth robe that danced in swirls about her ankles. "I hope you two don't mind me joining you?" she stated more then she asked.

"Hop on in, the water's warm." Linda offered with a wave of her hand.

"Nothing beat a relaxing dip in the tub after a long day," Margo added.

Instead of sitting on the tub and then swinging her legs around, Margo placed one leg in and spun the other around. Giving me a brief shot of pinkness that peaked out between her finely trimmed bush. Margo temporally lost her balance and almost landed in my lap. Apologizing for her clumsiness Margo finally seated herself opposite of us, giving me a clear view of her over-sized-silicon boobs.

"Did you see Andrew tonight? He is so hot. I would love to get a hold of that." Margo offered as a topic of conversation.

Not being in the mood for small talk, Linda saved me by saying, "Was he the guy wearing the orange short?"

"Oh heavens no. That's Greg. Andrew was wearing red. Andrew always wears red." Margo went on, has I felt Linda's hand sneak its way back to my legs. I shot Linda a nasty look, but she never turned to meet my glaze, instead she focused on Margo, pretending to be interested in her story.

"Don't get me wrong, I think Greg is nice and all. He's got money and doesn't mind showing a girl a good time, it is just that, well-he's got a short weenie," Linda enlightened us by holding both index fingers, about 2 inches apart.

Meanwhile I'm squeezing my legs as tight as I could, desperately trying to deny Linda access. But with the combination of Linda's strong arms and my tired legs, Linda managed to wedge her hand up against my crotch. Both of my arms were resting along the tub, and although I wanted to move them under the all-concealing-water with the hope of stopping her, I feared that I would draw Margo's attention, and she would figure out what was going on.

"I don't know about you two, but I like my cocks big." Margo frankly stated with a nod of her head. "The bigger the better. I hate it when people say size isn't important. Believe me it is. Now I haven't seen Andrew's equipment-yet-but it has got to be big. Have you noticed that package of his?" Margo earnestly asked.

"Nope. But I'll make it a point to check it out. How big do you think it is?" Linda asked while rolling her thumb across my over-sensitive clit.

"Oh God, I don't know. I would have to say at least 8 inches." Margo whispered while Linda continued to strum me like a guitar. "I say that because Kevin, my last boyfriend, was about 6 inches or so, and I can tell Andrew looks much bigger. He might even be 9 or 10 inches. I wonder how thick it is? Any way I got a nice warm place for Andrew's cock." And with that Margo pointed her finger towards her submerged crotch.

My stomach started to tighten, both of my legs were now shaking, my teeth were clenched and I was finding it difficult to breathe. I was only moments away from climaxing in front of the Club Receptionist and didn't know what to do. Has a last desperate measure I calmly, but still appearing to be interested in Margo's penis fixation, put both of my arms in the water and tried to pry Linda's hand away. But it was not to be moved.

"Do you think bigger cocks cum more?," Linda asked Margo the "Sexpert".

"Well-I don't know. Maybe? I never thought of that. It probably has more to do with the size of the balls. I know I hate it when the stuff gets in my hair". Margo rationalized while running her fingers though her hair.

My moment was here. Time had run out. What was I to do? Has the first wave hit me I naturally bent over. My nose was touching the water has water bubbles popped in my face. My wet hair hung in front of me, mercifully concealing my face. I managed to muffle my cries through gritted teeth. After a few seconds of what must of looked like a seizer of sorts, Margo asked if I was okay.

"I accidentally hit her during our match today. She's in a lot of pain", Linda offered has an excuse.

"Oh yes I heard about that. That was a hard hit. If you aren't careful you could end up with those "very-close-veins". You ought to see a Doctor," Margo advised.

I was fed up. It was bad enough that a girl I hardly knew was treating me like her personal slut, and I certainly didn't need a half-wit giving me medical advice. Enough was enough. As soon as I was able to catch my breath, I simply stood up. I no longer cared if Linda's hand stayed embedded in my crotch. I was leaving. Thankfully when my pussy hairs broke the water line, Linda's hand wasn't there. That certainly would of given Margo something to gossip about.

Wrapping my towel around my neck, I could feel two sets of eyes watching my every move has my juices trickled down my inner thighs. A trail of, "not-just" water, followed me has I padded barefoot back towards my locker.

"Hey your suppose to dry off after you get out of the tub." Margo said reminding me of the club rules, while Linda chuckled to herself.

Without breaking a stride, or turning around, I emotionally gave them both the "finger".