 The ideas I put to Will were ones I had mediated on hard.

The arrival of my new love, Jess, had not meant that my initial love, Svetlana, the woman from Rus who had arrived in the Seraglio with me and the Circassians, was out of the picture. The Sultan loved her gorgeous figure, and her personality was far more pleasing than that of her rivals. But she had no political ambitions, and was content to survive and, as far as she could, prosper. But she was the key to my plan.

I knew something of the Christian religion, after all its Founder had been a Jew. I quizzed Will as to whether I was correct in thinking that there were three main branches, and he said that from the sound of it, I knew more than he did.

Rome and Constantinople both claimed that they were the one true Church, one being termed Catholic, the other Orthodox. On top of that, the English and others in the northern regions had, protesting against the claims of Rome, declared themselves free of the servitude imposed (as they saw it) by the Pope. Will asked what the relevance of this might be.

I told him that my understanding was that Muscovy felt that the Pope was its enemy, and that the position of head of Orthodoxy, still officially in the hands of the Patriarch of Constantinople, was claimed by the Orthodox in Moscow. If the English were able to convince the Rus to make common cause against Rome, it might dissuade the Sultan from throwing his lot in with the Romans.

Will looked at me.

'You are astonishing. That is a really clever idea. I will talk to the earl about it. Did you know that after this we are bound for Moscow?'

'No, but I can tell you that you will be welcomed.'

'Now, Rahab, how can even you know that?'

Will's laugh attracted attention, so it was a few moments before I responded.

'It is simple. One of my friends in the Seraglio is the daughter of a prominent Muscovite, and she keeps in touch via the Patriarchate. There would be an appetite for an anti-Catholic alliance. The enemy of my enemy is, after all, my friend. The only question is whether such an alliance could be possible?'

'To be, or not to be, that,' said Will, 'is the question.'

I looked at him.

'A good summary.'

'A phrase I like,' he replied.

We agreed to leave it there, but as they would return to Istanbul on their way back, we could pick it up then.

I was relieved when the evening's events drew to a close.

Beforehand, the Sultan's mother, Calliope, and my companion Jess, and lover Svetlana, had prepared me for the occasion, but as part of that, they had inserted an object in my anus. Throughout the evening, whenever I had moved, I had been aware of the alien presence there. It had excited my sex, and I had hoped that the wetness on my pants had not been visible to anyone. My rouged nipples had clearly attracted attention, and for the first time, I was treated as a woman as well as a pet of the Sultan.

By the end of the evening, I was in need of some release.

Calliope had retired for the evening, and Svetlana had gone back to her quarters in case the Sultan wanted her. As it happened he did, so she had been wise to do so. Which left Jess.

She squealed as I came back into our chamber, throwing her arms around me and kissing my nose. She pushed me onto our couch, and as my legs went up, she gripped my harem pants and pulled them down. She turned me over, kneading the cheeks of my small, tight bottom.

'And what have we here, Pixie? A stone in your anus. Maybe you would like the Sultan's member there now you are open.'

I could think of few things I wanted less, but for some reason the thought excited me, on her lips, and in that circumstance.

'Let me see what can be done.'

So saying, she spread my cheeks.

'No, can't extract it this way. Up, squat, little Pixie.'

Bewildered, as ever, by both the speed and the angle of her approach, I did as I was told.

Blushing furiously, I squatted on the couch.

'Now push, little one, push.'

Jess smiled, knowingly.

I had no alternative. I squatted, as though at stool and, of course, what emerged from my anus was the opal stone.

'So, my Pixie shits stones does she. Would she like to taste?'

No, I thought, she really cannot do this. I am the Sultan's favourite, and she is my slave, and yet anyone listening to us would have imagined the positions reversed.

My mind may have rejected the idea, but I found myself with the egg in my mouth all the same. I was screaming 'no' in my head, but as ever with Jess, my body followed her will, not mine. This always made her smile and, I thought, increased her pleasure, almost by as much as it increased mine.

'Into my hand, little Pixie,' she ordered, putting her hand under my chin; I spat it out.

'You look an utter delight, squatting there, your cunny open and your tiny breasts on show. You are MY pet.'

Something in me melted when she said such things to me, and her treatment of me made my sex so wet that it demanded attention, but that was precisely what she denied me at such moments.

'My cunny, now!'

She lay back on the couch, and I dived between her thighs. I sucked hungrily at her wet slit. She seemed to have an extraordinary capacity for wetness, and her bud stood erect and hoodless far more quickly than mine. I licked at it, flicking it from side to side in a manner I knew would make her moan. She pulled me in closer by my hair, forcing my face into the midst of her wetness, grinding herself against me. My fingers curled into her, feeling the soft velvet of her ribbed walls, and then into the heart of her womanhood. She gyrated and moaned, pushing herself against my fingers to drive them deeper into her. She began to shudder.

I moved my fingers down to her anus, which was slick and moist as the result of the overflowing nectar from her slit. Still sucking on her bud, I inserted a finger, pushing it straight away, with none of the usual preparation. She exploded into my face, drenching me in her juices. Shuddering, she held me to her for what seemed an age, given the ache in my own sex.

As she recovered, she pulled me up. Pushing me down, she began to rub my bud. Her skill was such that two or three times she brought me to the edge. I knew what she wanted.

'May I have completion Mistress?'

'Are you my slut, Pixie?'

'I am Mistress.'

'Do it, NOW!'

As ever, my body followed her lead, and I, too shuddered and fell away into the arms of lust.

She pulled me to her.

'You know I love you, darling Rahab, but I think you like it this way, no?'

'Oh yes, yes,' I panted, 'so much.'

In truth I did and I did not. The logical and sensible part of me recoiled from it, but there was a part of me which found in the surrender, a sweet relaxation. How Jess had known this, I had no idea; but that she knew it made her so special.

We drifted away on night's vast ocean, lost in each other's arms.