 Diana smiled humorlessly to herself as she drove away. J.D. had finally remembered everything and was now probably looking for her phone, which was in Diana's consol. The image of her naked on the doorstep made her want to laugh and berate herself at the same time. She took her own phone, put it in the holder on her dash, and asked Google to call a familiar number. The phone rang once and a deep, male voice answered.

"Hi, sweetheart! How's my favorite girl? Did you miss me?" Then after a pause, "Are you driving?"

"I always miss you," Diana answered. It was an exchange they made every time they spoke. "Yes, I'm driving, but I have you on speaker." Diana rushed forward. "Do you remember me telling you about that girl who did me wrong back in college?"

"How could I forget, sweetheart?" The voice answered. "You were pretty upset."

"Yeah well, I ran into her again today," Diana sighed.

"Should I be calling an ambulance, or a lawyer, or both?" The voice asked, only half teasing.

Diana laughed, "No, she'll be fine... Eventually." Diana continued, "But that's not why I'm calling. Come to find out she's one of yours. Her name is FDO J.D. Lewis."

After a considerable pause on the other end, the voice asked in a more serious tone, "And where is the Lieutenant now, dear?"

"Ummm, she's indisposed, a little tied up, to my bed, well, was..." she murmured and then realized how he had addressed J.D. "Wait, you know her?"

"Turn the car around right now Diana!" The voice commanded. "Lieutenant Jane Lewis is the best FDO I've ever had the pleasure of teaching, not to mention the leader of the best field artillery team in the entire U.S. Army."

"Wow. I only circled the block, I'm coasting into the driveway now," she answered, chastised. "I wasn't planning on leaving her there. I just needed to teach her a lesson."

"Jesus, Diana," the voice came back, exasperated. "The lieutenant has to be at the base early in the morning for briefing. The team is being deployed to Iraq."

Diana's heart skipped a beat and she paused halfway out of the car. "What? When?"

"In five days," the voice said softly, recognizing the emotion in her voice. When Diana said nothing, the voice asked, "Are you ok honey?"

"No. I'm not done with her." Diana said, her voice hitching with unshed tears. Then she called him by a name she hadn't used in a very long time, as the tears overflowed her eyes. "Oh Daddy, I think I'm falling in love."

J.D. sat on the bed for a moment trying and failing to come up with a plan that would get Diana back into her arms. Her mind replayed the night that she had first met Diana over and over again. Now that Diana had unblocked the memory, it wouldn't stop. She deserved Diana's anger and this twisted revenge, but she wanted, no needed, to explain things. She had no idea whose house she was in and she didn't have her phone.

"Maybe there's a house phone," she said to herself. The hoarseness of her voice reminded her that she also had a desperate need for water. She walked downstairs in search of the kitchen. She took a glass from the dishrack and filled it from the tap. She gulped down the first glassfull and refilled the glass. As she sipped, she went looking for a phone. She spotted one on a table next to an antique chaise lounge. The next thing she spotted almost made her drop the glass. It was a photograph, a studio family shot, in a fancy silver frame. There was Diana, at about the same age as when J.D. had first met her. On the other side of the image was a dour, unsmiling woman, who was obviously Diana's mother, same auburn hair and the same eyes. But the figure that had made her heart stutter was the stoic gentleman in the middle. Gray hair, piercing blue eyes, stiff as a board, Army dress blues and one single star on each of his shoulders.

"Oh shit, oh shit," she whispered, panicking as she found more and more pictures framed throughout the great room, the truth becoming more and more obvious. Diana's father was none other than Brigadier General Saul "The Rhino" Rogers.

Retreat, retreat! Her voice screamed inside her head. She quickly washed the glass and returned it to the dishrack before jogging to the door, her brain a ramble of disconnected thoughts.

She gently closed the door behind her and took a deep, cleansing breath. Gotta find Diana. Explain, she thought to herself before taking in her surroundings, only to find her target standing 20 feet away.

Diana stood, leaning against the Mustang parked at the far side of the wide driveway, holding her phone in front of her face. J.D. didn't hesitate and began walking toward her, rambling.

"Diana, please let me explain," she said breathlessly. Ignoring the shake of Diana's head and the warning in Diana's eyes, she continued while closing the distance, "I was afraid of hurting you because I was your first and I was going..." She was cut off by a very familiar, deep, male voice that emanated from Diana's phone.

"Lieutenant Lewis," the voice commanded.

J.D. stopped just feet from Diana and her face fell before she automatically responded.

"Sir, yes sir!" She barked, looking at Diana with eyes full of fear.

"At ease Lieutenant," General Rogers spoke from the phone. A frustrated, yet resigned sigh followed.

"I'd like to personally apologize for my daughter Diana's foolish behavior," he stated matter of factly. "I hope that you are in good health?" Diana looked stricken.

"Yes sir," J.D. confirmed.

"Well that's a relief," he replied. "So I can expect you on base, ready for duty, at 0600 sharp?"

"Sir, yes sir!" J.D. confirmed strongly.

"Diana?" The general requested only a tad more softly.

"Yes sir?" She asked meekly.

A very heartfelt, sad sigh came over the phone's speaker. "Don't make the same mistake I did."

A tear slipped down Diana's cheek. "I love you Dad," she said, voice hitching.

"I love you too sweetheart," he replied with feeling. "I'll see you both in the morning."

Diana lowered the phone and slapped J.D.'s hand away as it came to wipe the tear off of her face.

"Oh no you don't, Lieutenant Jane Lewis" she growled. "I still need answers."

J.D.'s face paled at the use of her first name. "I was going away to Basic and then to OCS and then to God knows where," J.D. said hurriedly. "Maybe to die. I'd rather you were angry than grief-stricken."

Diana put her hand up for J.D. to stop. "I know all that. Tay spilled her guts about five minutes after I pushed her into a corner and pretty much threatened her life, and I forgive you for being as stupid as she was with your silly little game," Diana explained. "And my father just told me what happened to your parents, so I understand your state of mind and why you enlisted, even though you still should have given me a chance to make up my own mind." Diana paused as J.D. stood in front of her looking pitiful. "What I don't understand is how you could forget me so easily. I certainly couldn't forget you," she finished in so soft a voice that J.D. could barely hear her.

This time when J.D. stepped closer, Diana didn't stop her. J.D. took her face and wiped the tears that were now streaming down her cheeks. She took Diana into her arms and started to explain.

"I met you about six months after my parents died," she began. "I had accelerated through my bachelors degree and immediately applied to OCS. I was accepted and told to report to Basic at the end of the Summer." Diana started to protest. "I get that you know all of this. Let me finish," J.D. admonished. "I was raw, completely raw. I went to that bar every night for almost three months and got hammered and played Tay's 'silly little game'. All I wanted to do was to get my bars and get overseas where I could get revenge for my parents. Where I could fucking annihilate the terrorists who planned that attack, who took them away from me," she growled. She took a deep breath and continued, "and then I met you. You were like a breath of fresh air. So sweet. So open and carefree. You scared me, because of how I felt, how happy I was sharing all of that with you. And when you told me I was your first, I simply couldn't do it. I couldn't risk putting you through the same grief that I was suffering." She paused, and looked into Diana's eyes, "It was foolish of me to assume anything about you, but I was foolish. To a fault. I left the very next day, came here to Fort Benning, sold my car, and buried myself in my revenge." She took a deep, ragged breath. "It took me a long time of single-minded focus to bury that memory, but if I didn't I would have surely gotten myself, and possibly my team, killed. I didn't want to leave you, Diana. But I felt like I had no other choice."

J.D. stepped back and held Diana at arms length. She looked the beautiful woman up and down and said, "And as far as recognizing you," she said smiling, "you have to admit you look quite a bit different now."

"I've lost a few pounds," Diana said shortly. "That's no excuse."

"A few?" J.D. laughed at the understatement. "You could probably kick my ass in hand-to-hand and you stopped dying your hair."

"I already kicked your ass," Diana said smugly.

"That you did, and I must say you're the first person I've ever wanted to thank for it," J.D. sighed. "But now we're back to square one."

"What do you mean?" Diana asked, obviously confused.

J.D. looked at her with the saddest expression she had ever seen and said softly, "I have to leave you tomorrow. Again."

J.D. could feel the tears threatening and she bit them back. In that moment Diana forgave J.D. for everything. Diana stepped forward and kissed her tenderly.

"No. We have five more days," she said, smiling softly. "Or should I say nights. I'm sure your days are going to be full." Diana apparently read the sudden question in J.D.'s eyes and answered it. "Your team is being deployed to Iraq."

J.D. inhaled sharply. "How do you know this?"

"My father told me," Diana said looking at J.D. with extra care.

She was confused. "Should he have? You don't have clearance."

Diana laughed with amusement. "We really need to catch up on one another. I have one of the highest top-secret clearance ratings available." She looked at J.D. and cocked her head. "I'm an FBI agent with the Foreign Terrorist Joint Task Force. I'm what you might call, a behavioral analyst."

"You're an actor with the FBI?" J.D. was incredulous. "Well, that explains a lot," she said, thinking of the events of the day.

Diana embraced J.D. without confirming or denying and said, "I'm not acting now." She placed her mouth on J.D.'s and kissed her with a passion that J.D. had never known before. A kiss that filled her heart with all the love that she had denied herself. She gave it back ten-fold.

When Diana finally broke the kiss, she took J.D.'s face into her hands and said, "I told my father that I think I'm falling in love." She looked deeply into emotion filled, cobalt eyes. "He said I could do a lot worse, no, he said 'a hell of a lot worse', than the esteemed Lieutenant Jane Lewis." Diana lovingly gazed at J.D. and smiled. "I must say that I agree with him."

J.D. smiled brightly, "He said 'esteemed'?"

Diana rolled her eyes, "I may have embellished."

J.D. shook her head. "Not your style," she grinned. "A general called me esteemed."

"Shut up," Diana said with slight irritation.

"Make up your mind woman," J.D. teased. "Do you want to hear my 'sweet voice' or not?"

Diana rolled her eyes again, "what I want is for us to take a shower, eat some sustenance, and get some sleep. In that order." She sniffed J.D.'s neck, causing her to shiver. "You stink."

"Your fault," J.D. replied smartly, nuzzling Diana's neck. She took Diana's hips into her hands and pulled her close. "Showering with you sounds like an amazing idea."

"I'm always up for saving water," Diana purred before slapping J.D.'s ass. "Let's go."

Diana grabbed J.D.'s hand and led her into the house and up to the master bathroom. J.D. stepped back and watched Diana begin to take off her clothes.

"What?" Diana favored her with a smart ass grin. "You don't want to help this time?"

J.D. growled, "No. I want to see all of you 'this time'."

Diana stripped slowly, facing J.D. First the blouse and then she shimmied out of the too large skirt. She stood there in just the bra. J.D. had to catch her breath as Diana flicked the front clasp, freeing her breasts.

"So beautiful," J.D. said softly, taking all of Diana in. J.D. just stared at the amazingly feminine form in front of her. Long toned legs led to a completely shaved and smooth sex. Flat belly and then up to those amazing round, firm breasts. Pink nipples that just begged to be in her mouth. Long graceful neck that led up to the most amazingly gorgeous mouth. Deep, intelligent, brown eyes, that cute button nose, and long, flowing auburn hair.

"Take your clothes off lover," Diana purred as she turned around to start the water.

J.D. quickly stripped as she stared at Diana's tight ass and hips. She closed the distance and wrapped her hands around a slim waist as she dipped her head down to kiss the spot between Diana's shoulder blades. She pushed herself onto Diana's behind as she snuck her hand down and slipped a finger into Diana's sex. She felt that hot, slick, pocket of wetness that she now remembered so well.

"So wet," she breathed into a cute ear as Diana moaned and pushed back against her. J.D. slipped a finger up to Diana's button and groaned as her hand was slapped aside and Diana stepped away from her and into the shower. J.D. watched, mesmerized, as Diana stood under the spray, head back, long auburn hair growing dark as the water saturated it, the shower splashing off of her magnificent breasts and flowing between them down to her very center.

"Hey soldier," Diana said provocatively, distracting J.D. from the water's path and up to her face. She smiled, crooked a finger, and made a come hither gesture. J.D. stepped into the shower and started toward Diana only to be held back by a hand to her upper chest.

"Stay there," Diana commanded. J.D. obeyed reluctantly. Diana reached out and adjusted the many multi-directional shower heads positioned on every wall of the large shower stall so that they were all directed on J.D.'s naked body. The hot water beat down on almost every inch of her exhausted, used, and abused muscles and she groaned in appreciation. She stood there limp, allowing the jets to soothe her into a state of total relaxation. She felt Diana turn her around and begin to apply body wash to her shoulders, kneading and pushing her fingers expertly around and into the tight muscles. Diana moved her hands down J.D.'s back, massaging all the way down to the cleft of her ass.

"Oh, damn," J.D. moaned. "That feels so good."

Diana pushed her thumbs into the tight muscles of J.D.'s buttocks with small circular motions, moving down to her thighs. J.D. felt like she could happily die right there.

Diana massaged J.D. firmly and as she got to the limp woman's thighs she stepped forward and laid her breasts on J.D.'s back, snuggled her pelvis around J.D.'s buttocks, and cupped her hands around J.D.'s breasts. She slowly massaged the small, firm breasts and zeroed in on the slippery, wet nipples, very gently rubbing them by letting them slide through her fingers. She slowly massaged J.D.'s small hips and then inward over her tight abs, working her hands down while kissing her shoulder blades and neck. She let her right hand move down between the lips of J.D.'s sex until she could feel the slick wetness pooled there. J.D. immediately straightened, growled, and grabbed Diana's wrist. She pulled at Diana's arm while turning toward her, eventually trapping Diana's wrist behind her own back as J.D. leaned in for a soul-searing kiss.

"I've got a few moves of my own," J.D. said as she moved her lips down Diana's neck. She pulled on Diana's wrist forcing her to lean back and her breasts to rise to J.D.'s mouth. J.D. licked and sucked at the water flowing down the magnificent globes. As she took a nipple and began to suck, Diana sneaked her free hand down between J.D.'s slippery thighs and moaning, began to make firm circles over her clit. J.D. gasped, released Diana's right hand and pulled her close. J.D. brought her own hand down and found the waiting entrance to Diana's center and pushed her middle finger inside. They found each other's mouths and kissed passionately as they pleasured each other, the water cascading over them. They shared gasps and groans until their heavy breathing forced them to end the kiss. Their hands picked up speed and keeping pace with each other, they cascaded over the edge of ecstasy as one. They stood there under the pounding water, holding each other up, as they both shook from the shared orgasm. J.D. carefully pushed the wet hair off of Diana's face and stared deeply into her eyes.

"I'm the luckiest person in the world and I've completely fallen for you, Diana Rogers" J.D. stated with complete sincerity. "I don't want to ever leave you again."

Diana stared sadly back, "I know sweet woman," she whispered back, drawing J.D. into her arms. "And I know you have to. But not for five glorious days."

They left the shower and helped each other dry off. After dressing and heating up some leftover casserole that was in the fridge, they sat down to eat. Diana watched as J.D. ate slowly, obviously exhausted.

"If at all possible I'd like to cook dinner for you tomorrow," she broke the silence. "Any special requests?"

"Can you be anymore incredible?" J.D. asked smiling. "You want to make me a home cooked meal? Where?"

"Here of course, silly" Diana replied.

"Aren't your parents coming back tomorrow?" J.D. asked with a strange look.

"Yes," Diana said. "It will be nice to cook for my parents again."

J.D. put her fork down and stared at Diana. "You want me to have dinner with your parents?" J.D. asked, completely stunned.

"Yes, J.D.," Diana replied, leaning forward. "I want you to have dinner with my parents and then I want you in my bed, in their house, with me. And then have breakfast with them the next morning."

J.D.'s jaw dropped. A General's daughter. And not just any General, but The Rhino Rogers. I just had to fall for the fucking General's daughter. J.D. thought to herself, trying to keep from choking.

"Ok," Diana tried not to laugh at J.D.'s expression, "Maybe not breakfast."

Diana sat there waiting for a response. J.D. searched frantically for any excuse but simply could not deny the beautiful woman in front of her.

"OK," J.D. agreed reluctantly.

Diana led J.D. back upstairs and slowly helped undress her, stealing kisses from the exhausted woman as she did. J.D. started to help Diana but was told to lie down under the sheets instead. Diana went into the bathroom, brushed her hair, and got undressed. When she returned, J.D. was fast asleep, curled up on her side. Diana smiled as a tear escaped.

She looked up and prayed silently, Please bring her back to me. Always.

She turned out the light, climbed under the covers, and molded her body to the back of the woman she loved.

Diana and J.D. woke at 0400 in the same position they had fallen asleep in.

Diana kissed J.D.'s shoulder and then whispered in her ear. "Time to get up beautiful."

"Don't wanna," J.D. whined and pushed her ass into Diana in an attempt to snuggle closer to her.

"Keep that up and I may force you to go AWOL," Diana growled, feeling her clit as it began to throb.

J.D. chuckled and pushed back some more.

Diana tightened her hold on J.D.'s hips and started to grind her clit onto J.D.'s backside, while she took J.D.'s shoulder between her teeth and moaned.

"Oh no you don't," J.D. admonished as she forcefully disentangled herself from Diana's hold and rolled herself to face the beautiful woman. "I want to see you." J.D. stared into Diana's fully awake, heat-filled eyes and brought her hand down between Diana's thighs. Diana started to protest, not wanting to relinquish control, but she simply fell into those cobalt eyes and let J.D. love her.
