 Rebecca couldn't believe that she let herself be talked into doing this and it felt like she was selling her soul. She came out west to start college to further her dream of becoming an actress but the only roles that she could get were minor ones with few lines. The lead roles from the school often went to Mary Brooks and her friends. Mary had a charming personality that everybody loved especially the guys that tend to flock around her. She couldn't help but like the girl too and felt a desperate need to be her friend.

Rebecca wasn't good at meeting men and usually went unnoticed by them. She already completed the first year of college and hasn't been on any date. It wasn't that she was ugly or unpleasant but tend to keep to herself. She never saw herself as beautiful but an average looking woman with red hair. She never wore clothes that were revealing because she wasn't comfortable showing off her body.

Rebecca spent most of her time studying or reading cheap romance fictions. At times it was very lonely for her but she kept herself busy. She wanted a dorm roommate she could relate to but got someone that was a complete opposite of her. The girl was far more comfortable with her body than Rebecca wanted her to be. It was common to find the girl stripped down to her panties eating cherry Twizzlers while studying. Where she was conservative, the girl was liberal and far freer with her body than Rebecca would've ever felt comfortable being. 

When Mary came to her crying about being blackmailed and didn't know who else to turn to. She tried to comfort her by promising that she would do anything to help her. She regretted those words when Mary told her how she could help. Now she has been talked into something that is making her very uncomfortable. Mary was going to steal the incriminating photos of herself while she distracts the blackmailer. 

The photos were of Mary in different stages of undress that was taken without her knowledge. The blackmailer was threatening to post it online where many of the guys at their college will see. Mary reputation would be ruin if those photos ever got out and she wouldn't be able to live with the shame of it. The only way she could keep that from happening is to steal those photos before they could be used against her.

The problem that Rebecca had with this plan was that the blackmailer was a lesbian by the named of Ellis and that she was to use her body as bait. She had never experimented with a woman before or have any interests in doing so. Mary reassured her that she won't be doing anything sexual with another woman and just needed her to flirt with Ellis. She was glad that Mary wasn't suggesting anything more or she wouldn't be doing this.

Somehow she let Mary talked her into wearing an outfit that made her feel vulnerable and exposed. She had never shown this much of her body before and it felt wrong. Rebecca didn't want to be an object of lust for some lesbian to drool over. She tried talking Mary out of this plan but Mary was adamant that this was the only way that it would work. 

Mary explained that the outfit was the only thing that would work on Ellis but she had her doubt. She never dressed this slutty before and it was going against her conservative ways. The outfit made her look like she had very loose morals and was more experience in sex than she actually was. She only had one sexual experience when she was eight-teen with her boyfriend during the summer a year ago. 

He was pressuring her all year to sleep with him and finally broke down one summer night. They were making out on his bed when he advanced things further but this time she didn't resist. Closing her eyes, she felt her pants and panties being pulled down. The weight of her boyfriend pushing her legs apart as she felt him entering her was something that she will never forget. It was painful and two minutes later it was all over with.

It wasn't very pleasurable for her and broke up a few days later. It hurt her being thrown away like that after she let him be with her in such an intimate way. It took her weeks to get over him and promised herself that she wouldn't be that careless with a guy again. The first experience that she had with sex was bad and didn't feel the need to try it again anytime soon.

The white crop top that she had on hung loosely over her breasts but not completely covering them. It came with a red and black plaid skirt that was too short for her liking. To make the matter worst she wasn't wearing undergarments underneath her clothes. Mary insisted that this is how it must be or risk losing Ellis attention. Mary had a way of getting her to agree to do things that she didn't want to do. 

She was uncomfortable wearing a shirt that let the lower part of her breasts to be seen. She had never worn a crop top before because she thought it was tacky to show off her belly. Here she is showing off way more than that and all to make a lesbian desires her. Rebecca found it was weird that she was trying to make a woman want her sexually when she was straight. The whole thing was unsettling to her and wish that she could get out of it. 

"Are you sure this is the only way?" 

Rebecca couldn't keep the fear and anxiety out of her voice. She didn't want to do this but felt bad for Mary. Her empathy for Mary got her talked into doing something scary that she would never have done on her own. She never liked taking risks and preferred taking the safe route through life. Rebecca wasn't comforted with expressing herself sexually and found what she must do challengingly. 

Rebecca felt shameful whenever she felt the need to touch herself and would only do it when she was alone. She rarely got the opportunity and when she did would rush it out of fear of getting caught. For the last month, she has been neglecting herself sexually that she been feeling frustrated over it. Her roommate, on the other hand, didn't have that problem and on occasion could hear her late at night touching herself. 

"Trust me this is the only way and nothing bad will happen to you. The worst that you have to do is flirt and show a little skin. Just think of it as one of our plays and you are playing a lesbian character. Walk-in there as that character and give the best Tony worthy performance ever."

"Okay, I think I can do that. Hello there! I am Bella and I am a horny southern belle lesbian that needs someone between my milky white thighs eating my very wet pussy. I hear that you are best pussy eaters on this side of the Mississippi river, " Rebecca said with a spot on southern belle accents.

Rebecca tried making what she was about to do into a bad joke to make it easier for her to handle. She needed to relieve the tension within her or she would've burst. The idea of her flirting with Ellis was terrifying to her because she was afraid of taking it too far. She had never done anything like this before and was frightened of what might happen.

"Good God that was hot! If you played that character, Rebecca, you will have her eating out of your hand. If you are curious, I could wait out in the car for you. I am passing no judgment here and just saying if you want to get your pussy lick I won't hold it against you," Mary said jokingly before bursting out in laughter. 

"I don't think so! I am a one-man kinda lesbian anyway."

They went on joking with each other until both of them were laughing. Rebecca needed this and could feel the tension leaving her body. For the first time tonight Rebecca was happy and was glad to be there with Mary. It felt good finally to feel herself starting to relax but knew this calmness will not last. 

"Rebecca whatever you have to do to keep her from going into her office do it. When I find those photos, I will be coming to get you. This should only take a few minutes' tops but remember Ellis is a dangerous woman. Remember you will never be in any real danger here as long as they never find out that you are straight."

Rebecca really liked Mary but doing all this seemed too risky. Too many things could go wrong and Ellis could be more than she can handle. She had never been around a lesbian before but didn't have any problem with them. She would have felt the same way having to flirt with a man wearing this same outfit.

"Since we are friends now, I wanted to thank you for helping me. I couldn't do this without you and you are my saving grace. Tomorrow we will laugh about what we did and you will be glad that you did this."

"I hope that you are right about this. Good luck in there and please don't get caught."

"I won't and this will be over with very shortly Rebecca."

Rebecca took one long deep breath before exiting the car and started walking slowly toward the house. She heard music playing as she approached the door and when she grabbed the doorknob felt her fear return. She wanted to run away but knew that Mary was counting on her. Finding the strength that she needed Rebecca turned the knob and went inside. 

*****************************************************************************

Mary watched as Rebecca entered the house and smiled that her plan was working so well. The girl was far easier to trick than she thought and believed her tale without question. The girl was a mediocre actress at best with a foolish dream of being an actress. The only way that she could see Rebecca being a star was in a porn movie on her knees. The girl had a body that was meant to be fuck but Rebecca would never use her body like that.

She didn't hate Rebecca and was just trying to win a bet. The girl was a prune that needed to lighten up a bit anyway. Getting fuck by a lesbian would do her some good and would loosen her up a bit. She had bet her friends that she could get Rebecca to go to a lesbian party dress like a slut. Now that she won the bet felt a need to celebrate her victory by going to a club. Putting Rebecca out of her mind Mary texted her friends that she won the bet and drove off thinking about all the hot guys that she will be dancing with.

*****************************************************************************

Rebecca ignored all the looks that she got as she walked through the house looking for Ellis. She could feel their eyes on her body and was too afraid to stay still for too long. Avoiding all interaction with people she moved to the next room and was glad to see it was empty of part guests. The room was a shrine that Ellis set up for herself displaying all the movies that she was. Rebecca didn't know that Ellis was an actress or recognized any of the movie posters that were on the wall. After a moment she realized that they were from porn films over the last twenty years. 

She had never seen porn before but heard about them from her friends. Rebecca felt a little envious of Ellis that she could be this free with her sexuality. She never had the courage to explore her own sexuality outside of her fantasy. From her past experience with her ex didn't think sex was all that pleasurable but from the pictures that she had seen told her that it was.

In the photo album that she went through, she saw Ellis performing multiple sexual acts on both sexes. She had this look of extreme enjoyment on her face in every picture and wish that she could be like that. She put down the album after realizing that she had gotten aroused by what she was seeing. Rebecca saw things that she never knew two people could do with each other body and the pleasure that could come from it.

Rebecca discovered a few things about herself while going through those photos and needed some time to think about it. Even that she experienced sex before but never actually seen what a penis looks like until now. She felt conflicted from wanting to do the things that Ellis did in those photos and still be the good girl that she was raised to be. 

Rebecca didn't want to admit it and not even to herself that those photos of Ellis with other women had turned her on. She couldn't stop thinking about what she saw and all the pleasure that was on their faces. Seeing two beautiful women in the act of lovemaking was far more thrilling than she ever thought possible. She needed a drink before she could face Ellis or she might end up doing something that she would regret. 

It didn't take long for Rebecca to find where the bar was at and sat down at the first empty seat she found. There were more than a few girls mingling around the room but Rebecca didn't pay them any mind. She just wanted a glass of wine to calm her nerves and stop thinking about sex. The last thing she wanted was her hormones making her an easy target to be persuaded into doing something more than flirting.

The woman that was behind the bar was an attracted Asian girl in a grey tank top with her black bra barely visible. The girl flirted with her as she poured some red wine while checking out her breasts. She felt a strange desire to kiss the girl but didn't know why she thought that. It was the first time that she ever thought another girl like that and tried to convince herself that her hormones were talking. 

She never thought about a woman in a sexual way until now and it was all her fault. The photo album that she looked through woke something up in her and now wished she never went into that room. Rebecca wondered could she be gay and not know it. Pushing such thoughts from her mind, she swallowed half of the wine from her glass in one gulp before closing her eyes.

Rebecca's eyes shot open when she felt a hand on her knee and saw a beautiful woman in a low-cut dress standing beside her. The woman was in her early thirties with dark hair and with eyes that were like a deep pool, enticing her to jump into them. The smirk on her face reminded Rebecca of a cat that likes to play with their prey. When the women bent over to whisper into her ear, she could feel the woman soft breasts pressing against her. 

"My name may be Candy but you are the one that is looking all sweet. What is your name, little girl?"

Rebecca felt her body tensed up from having someone that she was attracted to being this close to her. She could feel her heart beating hard against her chest and the excitement that was rising within her. She cursed her hormones that were making her want this woman and tried fighting against it but her strength of resistance was fading. She never had her body react this way to another person before with such deep arousals. 

Rebecca's mind was the only part of her that was fighting against it but her desire was slowly corrupting that as well. Rebecca could feel the heat inside her rising and she was becoming sensitive to being touch. She wanted the woman to go away before she gave in to her desire to kiss her. Staring down at her wine glass because she didn't know what else to do but tries to ignore her. She wasn't going to answer the woman but her name left her lips anyway in a pathetic whimper.

"Rebecca is a nice name for a straight girl."

To keep anyone from knowing why she was really there and Mary safe no one must know that she was straight. The thing was that she no longer knew herself what her sexuality was and started to doubt that she was straight. She prayed that Mary had already found those photos and was on the way to her now. Until Mary showed up, Rebecca knew that she must play along or risk getting caught.

"I am a lesbian!" 

The words came out too loud and caused a few heads to turn. The attention that she got from her loud outburst made her embarrassed and didn't want her fall into lesbianism to be noticed. The hot breath on her neck and the way Candy was playing with her knee was making her squirm. When she felt, Candy slid her hand up to the hem of her skirt before starting to caress her thigh softly let out a reluctant moan.

"Then you had a girl touched you here before or maybe a little higher."

"Yes! Yes! I loved being touched there," Rebecca moans the words.

Rebecca didn't mean to be that honest but was having a hard time dealing with being touched. It felt good being caressed in such a way and it has been a while since she last touched herself. Her neglected body was so starved for attention that she didn't fight against Candy easing her legs apart. She knew where this was going but was powerless to stop it.

"So you have experienced a loving embrace with another girl and having your lips kissed tenderly by one. The tasted of the girl's cherry favor balm on her soft lips as your tongue entered her mouth. How it feels having your shirt unbutton and your lover hand sliding in grabbing your breasts. You know how it feels to have your nipples played with and pinched between two fingers. The exciting feeling of having your pants unbuckled and then pulled down with your wet panties. You know the feeling of having your legs pushed apart before an enthusiastic tongue of a girl start licking your pussy until you experienced an orgasming fit of uncontrollable pleasure." 

While Candy was whispering into her ear, she felt the woman hand slip underneath her skirt. The words that the woman was saying were making her wet and her nipples hard. Candy slipped two fingers inside her to the second knuckle before she started fingering her. She let out a long but deep moan and hope that it wasn't obvious what was being done to her.

Rebecca could feel intense pressure building up between her legs that were about to explode. Her ex-boyfriend didn't come close to giving her this much pleasure and part of her wish that he had. She would have been more willing to explore her sexuality after experiencing this with him. Candy whispered into her ear that it was time to take the action elsewhere as she pulled away from her. Rebecca whimpered from the sudden stop of pleasure and wanted those fingers back into her again. She followed Candy out of the room and would've let herself be led anywhere to continue being touched by her. 

Rebecca was led outside and was pushed against the house for a quick kiss. She accepted the kiss with a hungry embrace before feeling herself being pulled to another spot behind a tree. They kissed again but this time with more passion. Candy slid her hand underneath her shirt and grabbed her breasts. She felt her breasts being squeezed with such tenderness and expertise of an experienced lover to bring her the most pleasure. It was like the woman knew her body perfectly and was touching it all in the right places.

They made out against the tree for several minutes before Candy removed her shirt and started sucking on her breasts. She let out a moan when the skillful mouth attacked her nipples with an insatiable hunger. Candy appetite wasn't satisfied with Rebecca's breasts alone and left a trail of soft kisses to Rebecca's belly. It took Candy only a moment to find the hooks in her skirt before removing it.

There was enough moonlight to make their body visible but not within the shadow of the trees that they were in. Their eyes had adjusted to the dark that they saw hints of each other body to know where to touch. Candy eased her legs slightly apart before giving her pussy a long lick. The lick-sent shockwave of pleasure through her and made her knees buckle. A series of licks soon followed with more intent pleasure that Rebecca never thought could ever be felt.

She never thought she would ever let this kind of thing happen to her but here she was with a woman between her legs. Candy's mouth was far more superior to her ex-boyfriend's penis and it was sending intent spasms through her body. The moans that came from her lips started out low but now was growing louder as the pleasure within her build. When the first orgasm she ever experienced hit her body she wasn't prepared for it and let out a loud shriek of pleasure.

Rebecca came to the party just to flirt with Ellis and not to have sex with a stranger. She never thought to be with another girl was for her but now she was seeing things differently. A new world was opening up to her and could see trying this again. Forgetting about Ellis she pulled Candy into a passionate embrace and tasting herself when she sucked her own juices from Candy's lips.
