 Author's note:

 Thanks to everyone who read and commented on part 1. This is the second and final chapter of Sumita and Jenna's story. As usual, it's quite long, though for once the sexy bits start near the beginning.

 ~~~

 Jenna woke slowly. She felt warm and light, drifting down a wide, lazy river into consciousness. When she opened her eyes, the room was swimming in morning sunshine reflected off the lake outside the window. She had not been so content in a very, very long time.

 There was a painting on the wall opposite the bed, a large canvas of angry reds and oranges. It was one of her own, called Argument, but she was almost as surprised to see it in the morning light as she had been last night. Marco's gallery sold it two months ago, and she didn't know who bought it until stumbling into the bedroom, hands and lips locked together with her new lover. Even in the grip of her desire, it caught her off guard. Of the many delights of the evening, seeing her own painting on the wall was the biggest surprise.

 Behind her, Jenna felt Sumita stirring. An arm was slung possessively over her side, the hand lost in a tangle of bed linen. Large, soft breasts pressed against her back, exhaled breath warmed her neck, and the long leg entangled with hers twitched ever so slightly. Sumita mumbled something, nuzzled closer into Jenna, and became still again.

 Jenna hadn't expected to stay the night. She had come over in the afternoon to cook with Sumita, to learn how to make a traditional Indian meal, and to get to know her a little better. She was planning to go slow, let Sumita get used to the idea of being with a woman, if that was even what she really wanted. Sumita was a widow, after all, married to a man for something like twenty years. Just a simple, casual afternoon together. No pressure and no expectation. That was the plan, anyway.

 Sumita blew Jenna's carefully considered plan to smithereens. Instead of a simple Indian meal, Sumita put together a feast, made entirely from scratch. The whole experience of cooking and eating was amazing, sensual and intimate in a way Jenna had never imagined possible. Afterward, they talked about nothing and everything late into the night, and when Sumita asked her to stay, there was only one answer Jenna could make. When Jenna thought about what they did in bed together, the mellow warmth in her body turned to moist heat, and she tingled all over.

 Jenna felt Sumita's body jerk, heard a sharp intake of breath, and suddenly Sumita was awake. Jenna rolled over to face her.

 "Good morning," Jenna said, grinning like a kid opening her big birthday present.

 Sumita blinked a few times, trying to focus her eyes, and then returned Jenna's big grin. She kissed Jenna on the forehead, got up out of bed, and walked toward the bathroom. Her full, round ass jiggled as she walked, and the way her hips swayed back and forth told Jenna she knew she was being watched, and she didn't mind at all.

 When Sumita finished in the bathroom, Jenna took her turn. Sumita had assembled the electric toothbrush for her, with the brand new brush head Jenna had used last night. In the morning light, Jenna noticed the little blue identifying band around the base. The other brush head, sitting in its place on the stand, had a pink band. Jenna chuckled to herself.

 "You're such a girl," she said to Sumita when she emerged from the bathroom, in a voice that made it clear that wasn't a complaint. "Pink toothbrush, pink outfit, pink hairband."

 "Well you, dear Jenna," Sumita replied, "are all woman."

 Jenna fell back into bed next to Sumita, and Sumita pounced, kissing Jenna fiercely on the mouth and pulling her in close. Jenna's body responded instinctively, and Jenna was soon arching her back, pushing her tits into Sumita's willing mouth. One hand was on that wonderfully full, round ass, and the other was gripping a handful of bed linen, an anchor in the storm that was Sumita Desai.

 Jenna closed her eyes and let herself feel, just feel. Sumita was new at this - her very first time with a woman had been last night, with Jenna - but what she lacked in finesse, she made up for in pure, raw, burning desire. Sumita wanted Jenna, and Jenna wanted Sumita to want her.

 Sumita's hands were everywhere, trying to stroke and to hold and to possess every inch of Jenna's long athletic frame. Her mouth followed, gently nibbling Jenna's ear and nuzzling her neck, and then it was making a line of kisses down her arm, or across her belly, or up the inside of her thigh. Jenna laid her head back on the pillow that still smelled of Sumita and let it happen, all of it. She couldn't stop it, and she didn't want to.

 It had been a long time, much too long, since Jenna had felt anything like this. She'd had a few other lovers in recent years, but none of them made her feel like Sumita did.

 Jenna felt hands caressing her tits, fingers pinching her nipples. The movement was deliberate and confident, never tentative or hesitant. Jenna cried out when one hand pinched too hard, but the brief flash of pain only made the pleasure that much more intense.

 "Sorry," Sumita said, but she didn't stop.

 Wet lips replaced fingers around the throbbing nipple, and Jenna moaned. She spread her legs, aching to feel a hand or a tongue between them, but Sumita made no move to satisfy her. Sumita was intent on exploring Jenna's body slowly, by the hidden overland routes that other lovers had neglected, and she discovered sensitive spots that Jenna didn't even know she had: the crook of her elbow, the crest of her ear, the bottom edge her ribcage. Whether this was a deliberate plan or simple inexperience, the effect was the same - it drove Jenna mad with desire.

 When Sumita's hand (accidentally?) brushed up against Jenna's pussy lips, already slick with arousal, Jenna actually screamed. Nobody had ever made her scream before during sex. Nobody had even come close. There was something about Sumita, something beyond simple physical desire, that connected her to Jenna in a way she hadn't experienced in years, or perhaps ever.

 After Jenna screamed, Sumita finally got the message, and her open mouth landed right between Jenna's legs, licking and sucking and slurping. Jenna closed her eyes and willed her body still, so that she could take in every swipe of Sumita's tongue, every caress of Sumita's fingers inside her. After what could have been twenty seconds or twenty minutes, she heard herself screaming again, her back arched, and the most amazing orgasm crashed over her.

 The physical sensation, centered in her clit, wasn't sharp and intense, like she was used to. It was bigger and heavier; it spread throughout her whole body, making her scalp tingle and her toes curl. It seemed to last forever, and Sumita just kept feeding it with her strong fingers and gentle tongue. After the long, tantalizing buildup, this was the release she desperately needed.

 "Oh, wow," Jenna finally said when the tremors stopped. "Where did you learn to do that?"

 "I don't know," Sumita replied. "Years and years of fantasizing, I guess. I still don't really know what I'm doing, and everything is so wet and slippery..."

 "That's a good thing, you know," Jenna said, smiling down at Sumita.

 Sumita didn't reply. Instead, she snuggled in next to Jenna and kissed her soundly. Jenna could taste herself on Sumita's lips. Her smile grew wider, and she laughed in spite of herself, breaking the kiss.

 "What?" Sumita asked, laughing herself.

 "You don't really know how amazing you are, do you?" Jenna said, looking into her lover's dark brown eyes. "You've been a lesbian for like ten hours, and you're totally shameless. You went down on me like it was the most natural thing in the world."

 "I've been a lesbian my whole life," Sumita replied. "I just didn't know what to about it until last night." 

 "Fair point," Jenna agreed. "Still..."

 "I really did okay?" Sumita asked, sounding a little insecure for the first time since they'd woken up together. "I do want to make you feel good."

 "Yes, Sumi, you did better than okay," Jenna replied. "You definitely made me feel good. We can work on your technique a little, but you've got all the right instincts."

 "Well, if there's something I can improve," Sumita said, "I think you should demonstrate for me."

 Just in case Jenna didn't get the message, she grabbed Jenna's ass and added, "Or, rather, on me."

 "See what I mean?" Jenna asked, shaking her head and laughing. "Totally shameless."

 Sumita nodded her head up and down, with a big, excited smile on her face and mischief in her eyes. Jenna nuzzled her nose into Sumita's throat, kissing and nibbling, and Sumita's smile vanished. Her mouth opened, her eyes closed, and she let out a soft little moan.

 "I think I can find some things to show you," Jenna said. This was going to be fun.

 "Uh-huh," Sumita replied, in a voice that told Jenna to stop talking.

 Jenna began with gentle caresses up and down Sumita's body, as far as her long arms could reach, but those didn't last long. Sumita was already warmed up and very wet, and she needed to feel Jenna's hand between her legs. Jenna gave her what she needed.

 Her fingers slid easily over the warm, silky flesh around Sumita's opening, and Sumita responded to her touch with a gasp.

 "Oh, Sumi," Jenna whispered into her ear, "you are so fucking sexy."

 Sumita's hips bucked, grinding against Jenna's open hand. Jenna slipped a finger inside, and Sumita squealed with delight. It was almost too easy, as if Sumita were a hormone-addled teenager rather than a full-grown woman. I guess years of pent-up desire can do that to a person, Jenna thought.

 Jenna moved the finger in and out, enveloped in the warm softness of Sumita's pussy, and then ... right there. She found it. Sumita's back arched, and her moans became louder. Jenna rubbed her finger against that particular spot inside Sumita that drove her wild.

 Jenna's other hand slid down Sumita's belly, over her silky black bush, and eased into the gap between her lips. When the tip of Jenna's finger slid over Sumita's clit, her body thrashed about, entirely out of her control. Jenna pushed Sumita to the very limit of what she could endure, and then pulled back just enough to keep her from coming.

 She held Sumita right on the edge for a while, and then she leaned over and took a very hard nipple into her mouth, sucking, teasing with her tongue, and even nibbling lightly. Sumita thrashed again, wordlessly begging for release, but Jenna denied her, pulling her back from the brink once, then twice, and finally letting her go.

 Sumita came in a great shudder, and Jenna laid back in bed next to her to hold her as the wave crashed over her. Jenna's finger was still inside Sumita, though now only stroking gently, and Sumita clenched around it and relaxed again as the tremors came and went. Jenna fixed her eyes to Sumita's face as it melted from raw desire into serene bliss. She had never seen anything so beautiful.

 Sumita lay there a while panting, eyes closed, and Jenna held her.

 "Learn anything?" Jenna asked when Sumita opened her eyes.

 "Oh, yeah," Sumita replied. "You know exactly what to do with my nipples, and that thing you do with your fingers..."

 Jenna soon found herself on her back, with Sumita ready for another round.

 ~~~

 "If we keep this up, I'm not going to be able to move," Jenna said as she sat up in bed.

 "I know what you mean," Sumita replied, stretching her arms and arching her back, causing her tits to bounce and sway. "I'm not as young as I used to be. How about we go out for a hike to work out the kinks?"

 "That sounds great," Jenna said, "but I have to eat something first. I'm starving."

 "I think we can manage that," Sumita said, smiling happily. "Why don't you get cleaned up while I start a fresh batch of chapattis."

 Jenna climbed out of bed and searched the room for her clothes and her boots, discarded last night in the heat of passion. Most of her stuff was in a pile by the foot of the bed, but she had to hunt for her sports bra and left boot. The bra turned out to be hanging from a drawer pull on Sumita's dresser, and the boot was far enough under the bed that she had to lie on the floor to reach it. Sumita watched the hunt with an indulgent grin, and she gently slapped Jenna's ass when Jenna bent down to retrieve her boot.

 Sumita's bathroom, like the rest of her house, seemed to Jenna more like a glossy magazine spread than a place someone actually lived. The walls were papered with a muted forest pattern, the floor was creamy stone, and the countertops were mirror-polished gray granite, set out with a tidy, precise array of bathroom stuff. Jenna took a long, hot shower and wrapped herself in a plush oversized towel.

 She wandered out into the kitchen to find Sumita finishing the chapatti dough and setting the bowl on the top of the fridge to rest. Sumita was wearing an oversized men's pajama top, with nothing underneath. Jenna slid in behind her, pulled her close, and buried her nose in the mess of curly hair that floated around Sumita's head like a cloud.

 "Was this his?" she asked, running her hand down Sumita's side over the pajama top.

 "Yeah," Sumita replied. "After Rajeev died, I wore this because it still smelled like him, and I needed something to hold onto. Now it's just habit, I guess."

 Sumita sighed. Rajeev's memory was heavy enough in the house that even Jenna could feel it. It wasn't anything or anywhere in particular; it was just there, as real as they air they were breathing. She couldn't even imagine how Sumita felt, still living in the home she used to share with her husband. Especially after what they'd done together last night...

 "I can get lunch started while you take a shower," Jenna said, changing the subject. "... if you want."

 Sumita shook her head no. "Just relax, unless you're really hungry," she said, smiling and cheerful. "Come talk to me while I take a bath."

 Jenna didn't need any convincing. She followed Sumita back to the bathroom. Sumita took her nightshirt off, hung it from a hook in the bathroom closet, and ran a bath. Jenna unwrapped herself and hung her towel on the bar next to the shower.

 "You could join me," Sumita said with a grin as she climbed into the bath.

 "Tempting," Jenna said, "but no. I'm already a prune from the shower." With a glint in her eye, she added, "Besides, I really like the view..."

 Jenna sat naked on the corner of the bathtub, leaning back against the tiled wall, while Sumita had a relaxing soak. Jenna dipped a foot or a hand into the water from time to time for skin-to-skin contact, and they talked about random things until Sumita decided to wash her hair. Jenna held out a towel for Sumita after she climbed out of the tub and rubbed her dry, and then Sumita sat down and Jenna towel-dried her long, wet mass of brown curls.

 "I do love long hair," Jenna told Sumita, running her fingers through Sumita's hair and fetching a hairbrush from the countertop. When Sumita didn't object, she started to brush.

 "Oh, that feels lovely," Sumita said, melting into a puddle. "I haven't had anybody brush my hair like that since I was a teenager."

 Jenna smiled, kissed the top of Sumita's head, and kept brushing. After a while, Sumita asked, "If you like long hair so much...?"

 "I like long hair on other women," Jenna replied, letting out a low, throaty laugh. "On me, not so much."

 Sumita returned the laugh and closed her eyes.

 Once Sumita's hair was dry and brushed, she reluctantly hauled herself to her feet and dressed. Jenna put on the clothes she wore yesterday. She hadn't brought anything to change into.

 They made chapattis together in the kitchen, a sensual echo of last night, and nuked a selection of leftovers. Instead of the elegant thali trays and the lakeside table, they spooned their food onto one big ceramic platter and sat together on the couch, scooping up bites for each other with the warm chapatti flatbread. When the platter was clean, they had just enough room in their bellies for a small bowl of rice pudding.

 They washed up together, put the leftovers back in the fridge, along with a few fresh chapattis, and walked out to Sumita's car in the garage.

 "We'll have to drive before we can walk," Sumita said. "The lake shore is beautiful, but it's all private property around here. Marymoor Park is reasonably close, though, and there are some nice walks there."

 "That's fine," Jenna replied, "just as long as I get outside for a while. I need some air and some sun."

 "Me too," Sumita agreed, and they were on their way. The walk was pleasant, warm, and uneventful until the end, around the off-leash dog area, where half a dozen excited dogs yipped, pranced, and jumped at Jenna, who stopped to pet each one.

 Sumita drove home, still smiling at Jenna's way with the dogs. When she pulled into the garage, there was a small gray Audi parked behind Jenna's car. Her daughter Sangita was home early.

 ~~~

 "Hey, Gita," Sumita called out as she and Jenna walked in the front door.

 For a moment there was no reply, and then the clink of silverware against a plate, the sound of a mouth full of food attempting to speak, and more silence. "Hi, Mom," Sangita finally called. "I'm in the kitchen."

 Jenna followed Sumita into the kitchen, where a pretty young woman was sitting at the counter with a plate of food from the fridge, mostly already eaten. Gita had her mother's voice and eyes, though her build was thin and her hair was straight.

 "Gita!" her mother scolded, "I was saving those leftovers for Jenna to take home."

 "Mmmmf," Gita replied, swallowing. "Sorry. I didn't know."

 "It's fine," Jenna said, smiling at Gita. "I'm sure there's plenty. We made enough last night to feed a small army."

 Gita beamed back at Jenna, unrepentant. It wasn't like the containers were labeled or anything.

 Sumita opened the fridge and took stock of what remained. "You should still have about three meals left, if you share with your sister," Sumita said to Jenna.

 "There's also Brendan," Jenna replied, reminding Sumita of her twelve-year-old nephew.

 "Probably just one large meal, then, or two small ones," Sumita said, glaring at Gita. "I know how much kids eat, especially when they're still growing." 

 The stern, motherly look lasted about two more seconds, and then dissolved into an indulgent smile. Jenna didn't know what to make of the exchange. She was very familiar with the stare of maternal disapproval, but she hadn't seen a smile like that on her mother's face since she was six.

 "You must be the painter," Gita said to Jenna. "Mom really loves the new painting hanging in her bedroom. I think it's ... I don't know. Cool. Not pretty, exactly, but cool."

 "Cool is good," Jenna replied. "I can live with cool."

 "So you spent the night?" Gita asked, leaving both Sumita and Jenna sputtering.

 "You said, 'we made enough last night...'," Gita explained.

 Sumita took a deep breath to recover her composure. "Jenna came over yesterday afternoon to cook with me," she said to her daughter, slowly and deliberately, "and it was very late when we finished dinner, so she stayed over."

 "Whatever, Mom," Gita said, rolling her eyes. "I'm totally fine with whatever you two did last night, or didn't do. It's none of my business..." She let the words hang there a while, looking straight at her mother, who couldn't quite return her gaze. Jenna tried to make herself small.

 "Anyway," Gita continued, scooping up the last bite of food on her plate with the remains of a chapatti, "I'm going to go hang out in my room and let you two have some alone time. I had two days without a good cell signal, so I've got a lot to catch up on." She popped the bread in her hand into her mouth, and then she rinsed her dishes in the sink, put them in the dishwasher, refilled her iced tea glass, and disappeared.
