 All politics is local.

***

Katherine sat with a stone face as they had lunch in her spacious backyard. She had just been delivered bad news regarding her bid for a newly vacant US Senate seat. 

"Let's face it, the demographics have changed and we live in a very liberal state," Richard said. 

Katherine shook her head. "Just a month ago I was leading in every poll. Now this?"

"Polls change fast these days," Richard said. 

She wasn't impressed by his answer, and her face showed it.

"Give me one good reason why I shouldn't fire you right now?"

Richard shrugged it off. "Because you love fat balding men like me. Give me a break. These things take time."

"Really? I could have sworn that we're running out of time. But maybe I'm wrong about that."

"Alright, sarcasm aside, I still believe that our chances are strong. We've analyzed the polls and there are still enough swing voters who would come to us. Plus, support is still soft amongst the other candidates."

Katherine nodded. "Fine, but first, I'd like to know why I'm not blowing away the competition with the female vote, given that I'm the only woman in the race."

"Doesn't matter that you're a woman," Richard said. "Just look at the most recent primary for the New York mayoral race. A lesbian candidate lost the gay vote to a straight white man. People don't vote based on what's between their legs. People usually vote with their head or heart."

Katherine gave a soft sigh, leaned back for a moment, then took another bite of her lunch.

"So what's the plan? Do you even have one?"

"We have options."

"Like?"

"More speeches to the LGBT movement," Richard suggested.

"We did that last month. It didn't help."

"Then more fundraisers from high profile donors. We're getting beat by television ads. We should focus more of our resources there."

Katherine shot a frustrated expression. "Are we moving to the left or right?"

"Look, this takes time. Right now, we're in the midst of a national electoral shift. Everyone hates the establishment and they want something new."

"Then what am I paying you for? Find a way to make me new again."

"Maybe there's something," Richard said after a brief thought. "It's an idea I've had these past few days. I wasn't sure if you'd be interested or not."

"I'm listening. At this point, I'd try anything."

"Right now, the liberal electorate is riding high with their support for the gay rights movement. So, we give them what they want. A lesbian candidate."

Katherine gave a confused look. "I don't think I follow."

"We create small innuendoes which will be picked up by the media. Make them think that you're a closet lesbian. When you get asked about it, you can politely deny it, while giving your trademark statements on women's rights."

She gave a long hard stare, followed by a forced smile. "Richard, I like you, so I'm going to pretend you didn't just say that. That might be the most ridiculous thing you've ever said."

"You weren't complaining when I made you mayor, twice."

"Touche," she conceded.

"Just think about it, Kathy. You're beautiful. I mean gorgeous. A lot of men voted for you just because they think you're hot. And you're a media darling who's a great speaker. A story like this would get you more media attention than all of the other candidates combined."

"It's tabloid fodder," Katherine replied.

Richard leaned in. "But it's also great PR. It's all free. It won't cost us a dime in media buys. They'll be running this story morning and night."

"Of all the crazy ideas you've had over the years..."

"I only suggest them because you love hearing them."

Katherine gave a playful, yet dismissive look. "Okay, suppose I agree to this plan. How would it work?"

"Simple. You would be outside doing normal things, but with another woman. It would be staged, but not too staged. We'd want this to look as natural as possible. I have a few contacts in the local media, and I'll make sure this story gets picked up."

"And who would this woman be?"

"Someone of my choosing."

Katherine raised an eyebrow. "So my political career will be in the hands of some random person?"

"No way. I'm a step ahead of you on that. We need someone special. Someone who'd know what to do, and how to sell this. We'd need a professional on how to reshape your image."

"Sounds a little vague."

"Do you trust me?" Richard asked.

"Of course I trust you."

"Then take my advice on this. In these tough political times, it wouldn't hurt to try a new strategy."

Katherine gave a half shrug. "It's certainly a novel idea. I'll give you that."

"Then you'll do it?"

"I'll think about it. No promises. We'll continue on our current path and see how the polls look next week. Then I'll let you know."

Richard smiled and took a drink. "You're a risk taker. Of course you'll do it. I'll make the arrangements later this week."

"This better work," Katherine replied, shaking her head.

***

In many ways, Katherine was perfect for the political circus. She had all the skills for it. Her father was a prominent businessman. Her mother was a novelist and a motivational speaker. It just so happened that Katherine was born with the best traits that her parents had to offer.

Those traits also made her competitive by nature. In high school she ran for class president, and she made sure no one could beat her. In college, she excelled in the debate team. In law school, she won the moot court competition. 

There had been plenty of times where rivals and others had labeled Katherine a 'bitch.' Not out of sexism, but out of pure honesty. Despite her good looks, she was known for being abrasive at times if she didn't get what she wanted. That was all part of her competitive nature.

As most political observers noted, she would do anything to win.

***

It was early in the morning and the doorbell rang. Richard had arranged the early morning meeting to ensure that the two women could privately be introduced in a comfortable setting.

Katherine answered the door wearing a semi-casual home outfit. At that point, she didn't know if she would even go through with the plan.

When she opened the door, she received a pleasant surprise. The woman standing there was gorgeous. The strange woman stood casually in a loose sundress, high heels which complemented her long legs, and bold red lipstick which complemented her pretty face.

What made the woman so striking wasn't her natural beauty, or the potent combination of the high heels and red lipstick, but her air of confidence. The confidence the woman had was like a movie star's.

Katherine was taken aback for a moment. "Hi. Good morning. You must be..."

"Mia."

The woman extended her hand and both women greeted each other with a firm handshake.

"I'm Katherine. Please, come in."

Mia entered the home and removed her heels as she entered, stepping barefoot onto the carpet as she looked around.

"Lovely place you have here," Mia noted.

"Thank you. Can I get you anything? Breakfast? Coffee?"

"I'm fine. Richard said this would only be a brief meeting."

Katherine nodded. "Right. How do you know Richard anyway?"

"It's a long story, but I only know him passively. We're acquainted with the same people it seems, and my service was required."

"Oh. Are you a constituent of mine by any chance? Do you live around here?"

Mia shook her head. "Nope. I'm from the city. It was a 30 minute drive to get here."

"Figures. You look far too glamorous with your big city vibe," Katherine said light-heartedly.

"So I've been told."

"What exactly do you do? Sorry for all the questions here, but I find this to be a bit awkward."

Mia smiled and reached inside her purse. She then handed Katherine a business card, which only contained a company name, with no address, no email, and no form of contact information.

It simply read:

High Heels, Red Lipstick

Katherine took the card and looked at it. Before she could ask questions, Mia was able to provide some answers.

"We're a private group," Mia said. "We don't advertise."

"What exactly do you do?"

"Think of us as a female empowerment agency. Here to assist in any way we can."

"I could really use a cup of coffee right now."

It wasn't long until both women sat in the privacy of Katherine's dining room, as she brewed a pot of coffee for both of them to drink. They made small talk and the awkwardness disappeared. Katherine was surprised by how much natural chemistry they had with each other. Eventually they found themselves connecting on a personal level.

Katherine revealed that she was a divorced woman, whose political ambitions got in the way of her personal life. She felt that being in office and making the big decisions was something she was meant to do. She had the skills and the passion for it. And there was something about being in front of a crowd, energizing people, which was addicting to her.

Mia revealed that she had been an independent woman all her life. She came from humble beginnings, from a family that mostly struggled financially. But, through hard work, a positive attitude, and big dreams, she was able to make something of herself. She used her beauty to her advantage, even though she lived in a city which was filled with beautiful people.

She also rightfully (and ethically) disclosed that she co-owned a small dance studio and a club in the city, among other things, and once this story hits the tabloids, she would likely benefit financially, which Katherine didn't seem to mind. 

"Well done. Good for you," Katherine said. "You're a great businesswoman. Sounds like you're doing well in life."

Mia nearly blushed, "High praise from a mayor. Actually, it's not like I'm super rich from these endeavors. I'm only part investor for those businesses and I do other small jobs. It's honest work and it's an honest living."

"No no, don't undercut yourself. You're still a fairly young woman, and in ten years, who knows, you can be whatever you want if you keep at it. I certainly didn't get to this position overnight."

"Thanks for the encouragement. You're sweet."

Katherine paused and squinted her eyes. "Why do I get the feeling that I know you from somewhere?"

"Well, do you read fashion magazines at all?"

"Occasionally, when I'm at the salon or doctor's office"

Mia playfully gestured to her own face. "In the past year, I've managed to get a few spots in some of those magazines. Modeling gigs."

"Oh, you're a model."

"That's partly what I do besides business. I'd say that modeling is my favorite way to make money. But it's hard to get a decent gig with all the competition in the city. Once and a while it pays well. I share a lot of my earning with my parents, so that's always nice."

Katherine seemed impressed. "I like that. A strong minded woman with a good heart. That's a wonderful combination."

"I could say the same about you."

"Thanks."

"Speaking of which," Mia said. "Have you thought about the plan at all? Richard said you wanted to meet me first before confirming anything."

It was the topic of conversation that Katherine had been dreading.

"I'm still not sure, to be honest."

Mia didn't seem fazed. "It wouldn't be hard at all."

"What makes you say that?"

"The media is easy to manipulate. All we'd have to do is be seen together when the photographers are in place. A prominent woman like you, with a woman like me, the people will love it. Besides, it's not like we're cheating the voters. I sincerely believe that you're the best candidate in the race. You deserve the added publicity."

"You know, you sell this idea better than Richard does," Katherine said. "It's so much easier to digest when you say it."

"That's because I live in the real world. It's what I do. If I don't get results, then I don't get paid. That has certainly sharpened my skills over the years."

There was mutual respect and admiration as they looked across the table at each other. They took sips of the coffee as they continued to mull over the plan with more details.

"Fine," Katherine eventually said. "I'm sold. Let's do it."

Mia smiled, "I'll let Richard know and he'll set up the paparazzi and media to take pictures of us. Tabloids, here we come."

***

After the meeting was finished, Mia went about her normal day. She drove back to the city where she lived and worked. After a quick stop at her way-too-overpriced little apartment, she changed into something far more comfortable: a tshirt, jeans, and sneakers.

She had a natural vibrancy which made her so attractive. She could wear anything and make it look awesome.

The rest of her day was filled with errands and tending to various business matters. It was a work ethic she learned from her parents growing up. It was something she never forgot. She learned how to hustle from her father, who was a salesman, and she learned how to deal with people from her mother, who worked in customer service.

But Mia wasn't interested in those kinds of jobs. All her life she wanted to be her own woman, to make her own decisions and to work her own hours. She networked with friends and acquaintances. Sometimes things worked out, sometimes they didn't.

When most of her business was finished that morning, she released stress with a hard workout at the gym she co-owned, followed by lunch with friends. Later, she went for a massage and had her nails done, since she had a modeling gig the next day.

After a casual dinner with her other friends, she stopped by the club which she had a minority ownership.

It wasn't an ordinary club where people would come and dance or drink. It was a classy place. A lot of money was invested in it. The ambiance was sultry and beautiful. The music and dark colors set a leisurely mood.

What made the club unique was the clientele. All of the guests were women, of all adult ages, ethnicities, and social backgrounds. Women sat at various tables and lounges in the club, smiling and flirting with each other. It wasn't purely lust, although that was certainly part of it. There was also intimacy and attraction there. It was the kinds of women there that made the club so special. 

Mia checked to make sure everything was running smoothly, then she sat down alone and had a drink of juice to unwind after the busy day. As she sat there with her beverage, she thought about Katherine, her latest project. They couldn't have been further apart in their lifestyles.

Katherine's world was politics, showmanship, and diplomacy.

Mia's world was love, passion, sex, and all things beautiful. 

With this assignment, their worlds were set to collide. It was a notion which gave Mia a sense of excitement. She loved these kinds of jobs. She loved opening women to new possibilities and allowing them to fully explore the pleasures that life has to offer.

It was something she lived for. High Heels, Red Lipstick, an organization which occasionally contracted her, had allowed her a chance to meet so many amazing women in the past few years, and she would forever be grateful to them for the memories.

"Is everything alright?" the young hip female bartender asked.

Mia snapped out of her trance. "Everything's fine. I've got a lot on my mind, that's all."

"Good things I hope."

Mia smiled, "Great things. And you? How's life?"

"I really can't complain. Look around, what's there to fuss about?"

The women smiled at each other and realized how lucky they were. Life was hard, it had challenges, but you find a way to make it.

"Care to make a toast?" Mia asked.

The bartender poured herself a small drink. "To what?"

"To new things. New adventures. New people."

Mia held up her glass of juice. The bartender held up her small drink.

"I hear you on that."

Both ladies took a drink.

***

A few days later. Mia fixed her appearance in front of the mirror in her downtown apartment. The place was sort of neat, but also hip. She loved collecting all sorts of artistic, locally made trinkets and cheap paintings, which she hung on the walls. 

She wore a white sundress which had flower designs on it, her hair was down, with light makeup around her face, but with the trademark bold red lipstick on her lips (after all, she was working in official High Heels, Red Lipstick capacity at the moment). She decided which heels to wear, and she settled on something short, since she would be walking downtown.

After a quick twirl in front of the mirror, she was ready.

The meeting place was only a few blocks away from her apartment. As expected, heads turned when Mia walked down the busy streets. A few men eyed her obscenely, while others only eyed her with quick glances. What she really enjoyed seeing, however, was ordinary everyday women taking a quick look at her beauty, some wishing to have a lesbian experience with her.

It was something Mia was an expert in: sex and women. With a single glance, Mia could tell if a woman was bi-curious or not. She could also tell if a woman was a lesbian virgin or not. 

Those were Mia's favorites. She loved straight women who had curiosities for sapphic encounters, and she loved being the first to explore that with them. She loved taking those women on a journey, pushing their sexual boundaries in a way that only a woman would know how.

When Mia stepped into the cafe, Katherine was there. Katherine was also casually dressed, with sunglasses, a thin sweater, and khaki pants.

As Katherine removed her sunglasses to greet her, Mia instantly knew that Katherine was attracted to her. Mia also knew that Katherine was a lesbian virgin who was likely interested in a lesbian encounter with her, but since Katherine was a sitting Mayor and Senate candidate, that would be a longshot.

They greeted each other with a big hug, then they sat by the window together after ordering coffee.

That was their intended meeting spot. Richard had already arranged for a paparazzi photographer to take their pictures from afar, to be sent to the tabloids later.

"Are you nervous?" Mia asked.

"Nervous that this story will run? A little bit. I'll have to deny it of course. I'll have to say we're just friends. I hope you won't be offended by that."

"Not at all. I'm used to women who are very protective of their reputations. I fully understand. Not everyone can be open about their sexuality, especially not a politician like yourself. That's just the world we live in."

Katherine gave a forced smiled, "Thank you for being so understanding."

"That's what I do."

"If you don't mind me asking, but are you," she paused for a moment, "are you a lesbian?"

"Yes," Mia replied without hesitation. 

"Oh, okay, so this is something you're comfortable with."

"Very, but I have to admit, this whole camera thing and national news, that's a little daunting for me. But the girl/girl stuff, that's my specialty."

Katherine smiled and nodded. "Have you always known this about yourself? Or is it something you've learned along the way. The lesbian thing, I mean."

"I've always known. No question. I kept it a secret from everyone until college. I mean, I've dated boys, but I was never that interested. It wasn't until my sophomore year of college that I met a girl in my history class. We were partners for an assignment and our relationship helped shaped the way I am today."

"Thanks for sharing that with me. I'm always interested in people's stories. Especially for anyone that has anything interesting to say."

"I'm definitely not interesting," Mia asserted, "but I consider myself to be a normal person who does interesting things. I get to meet a lot of interesting people, including a mayor who wants to be a US Senator in the next few months."

Katherine smiled, "Looks like we're both in a strange position sitting here."
