 There's nothing sexier than a confident woman.

***

Sienna was a woman who exudes that confidence. It had propelled her to stardom. In high school, she won the lead role for every play she auditioned for. In college, she performed bigger plays. In her late 20's, she earned supporting roles for popular tv shows. Early 30's, she landed movie roles.

Her talents were versatile. She made sitcoms funnier. She made audiences cry with dramatic roles. She was Hollywood's new 'it' girl.

As her fame grew, so did her ambitions. Sienna was a woman on a mission. Be the absolute best.

***

On a film set. Richard entered the private trailer and greeted the actress with a kiss. He carried two cups of coffee, one for him, one for her. The actress was still in costume while there was a break during filming. She sat across from him and they prepared to discuss business.

"Thanks for taking the time to meet with me," Richard said. 

Sienna winked. "Anything for you."

"I know you're busy, so I'll keep things brief. Did you read my script?"

"I did," she nodded. "And I really liked it. It'll be a great movie."

"Wonderful, because I need you to star in it."

"I don't know," Sienna replied, shaking her head. "Normally, I'd be all over this role. But I'm booked for the rest of the year."

"I know. I've already spoken to your manager about this, and there's a way to squeeze this movie into your schedule."

"I'm listening."

Richard sharpened his approach. "You have a month off in June. All I'm asking for is 3 weeks."

"That doesn't sound like much time to shoot a lead role."

"I know. But we can shoot all of your scenes during that time period. For a movie like this, it shouldn't be a problem."

Sienna thought for a moment. "Look, Richard, I really appreciate you visiting me. And I really appreciate this offer. I really do. I think it's an amazing part. But your time frame is too much for me. I'll be burnt out if I try to squeeze your movie into my schedule."

"I know. I know. I get it."

"You're probably better off with another actress."

"But I need you," he insisted. "This part was written with you in mind. No one else."

"That's very flattering."

"It's the truth. The studio thinks my script has a lot of potential, and they're willing to give you a big push during award season, assuming we finish in time. Your manager also thinks this movie has Oscar bait written all over it. Think about it, you've never won a major award yet. This could be your chance."

Sienna took another pause. "You're making it so hard for me to refuse."

"This role is perfect for you."

"I don't know. My schedule is already tight. Can this be pushed back until the end of the year? Maybe we can release it next year."

He shook his head. "The studio wants this movie for award season. Women are the new big thing. The execs feel that this is their best chance to win gold. If I don't cast you, I'll have to go to another actress."

Thoughts swirled in Sienna's head. She imagined another actress winning an Oscar for the role that was meant for her. She imagined another actress walking on stage during the best picture award. The role that was meant for her.

"No promises," she finally said. "But I'll get in touch with my management and maybe we'll work out a schedule for June."

"Thank you! You're making a wonderful decision." 

Richard briefly stood up in the small trailer and reached over to give Sienna a big hug. Then he sat back down.

"But there's one condition," she said, adding caution to the celebration. "I'd like a few changes made to the script."

He gave a surprised look. "What's wrong with the script?"

"Nothing is wrong with it. I love it. It's one of the best scripts I've ever read. But some of the stuff isn't for me. I can't do everything required for this role."

"Like what?"

"Has my manager talked to you about my stance on nudity?" she asked.

"Briefly. Nudity is an integral part of the story though."

"No exceptions," she firmly stated.

Richard gave a defeated nod. "Okay, we can work around that. Maybe we can use a body double for the nude scenes. The audience won't be able to tell the difference after editing."

"I also have problems with some of the other scenes. The content of the scenes, I mean. Your script is brilliant, but some stuff is a little too erotic for me."

He thought for a moment. "I won't change the major plot points. You have to understand that. But maybe we can improvise on set. If something is too risque for you, then we can improvise around it. Sound good?"

"That sounds reasonable."

"So do we have a preliminary agreement?" he asked cautiously.

Sienna extended a handshake. "I'll notify my managers and lawyers."

***

Signing contracts are what makes Sienna feel famous.

Not the hounding paparazzi. Not the adoring fans. Not the glamorous movie premieres. Not seeing her face on screen or on magazine covers. And not even the money, since she was born to rich parents.

It was the contracts that made her feel special.

There was always something magical about reading contracts. The words on the pages were clear: A studio was willing to throw $10 million dollars at her, plus 10% of the profits, if she would be the star of their movie. Perks and benefits included. It always gave her a positive feeling.

Reading every line of the contract showed Sienna her worth as an actress. It wasn't an ego thing, but a validation of her lifetime achievements.

***

The set was quiet and dark. Richard's movie was in the first week of production and the schedule was tight. They were shooting in an indoor pool area.

Sienna was being filmed in a long solo scene. She did her best to convey the emotions of the character. The scene called for her to disrobe and get inside the pool. So she did. She untied her robe to reveal her bare back. Her front was covered with nipple pasties, so nothing private was revealed. And she wore a thin pair of flesh colored panties.

"More physical emotion," Richard whispered. "Be sexier."

With every moment, Sienna tried her best to please the director. She tried her best to be sexy and sultry as she entered the pool.

"Cut!" Richard yelled.

An assistant came rushing towards Sienna with a towel. She got out of the pool and covered herself. The body-double came on set, ready to film the bare bottom scene.

"I'm sorry," Sienna said to the director. "I just wasn't feeling the scene."

He nodded. "It's okay. You did good."

"Do you think we should film the pool scene again?"

"That won't be necessary. Your face shots were fine. The body-double will do the rest."

"Okay," Sienna nodded, slightly disappointed that a body-double would be upstaging her in some way.

"Why don't we talk about this later?" Richard asked. "I'll come meet you in your trailer. Just the two of us."

She smiled, "That sounds good."

"Great. I'll meet you there in an hour."

The director turned his attention back to the set, where the body-double recreated Sienna's pool scene. Sienna stayed on set a while and watched the filming from a small distance. She couldn't help but notice that the body-double had a beautiful rear end, and was far more sultry at disrobing and entering the pool.

***

By the time Richard came to her trailer, Sienna was already dried with her clothes on. She was putting on her make-up when the director came for a chat. They both sat down next to each other. Richard looked like he was ready for a heart-to-heart conversation. 

"What's going on?" he asked with sincerity. "Tell me what's on your mind."

She gave him a warm look. "You sound so used to dealing with insecure overpaid actresses."

"Nearly 20 years in the business, I've dealt with my fair share," he joked.

"Yeah, well, I never thought I'd be one of them."

"Every performer goes through this at some point in their careers. At least many of the greats do. It's a healthy part of growing as an artist."

Sienna nodded. "I knew the risks of taking this role. I don't know, I guess I wanted to push myself. Maybe I was selfish for not letting another actress take this role instead. A more qualified actress."

"First of all, every actress needs to push herself. You included. Secondly, you're perfectly qualified for this role."

"Oh yeah? Then why do I feel like shit right now? I mean, even the freaking body-double did a better job than me."

"But you're the lead actress," he reassured. "You're the person that people want to see. And for good reason. You have all the talent in the world."

She smiled, "Thanks. My fragile ego needed to hear that."

"Anytime."

"So what now? Have I officially ruined your movie with my underwhelming performance so far?"

"Not yet," he teased. "But in all seriousness, I have a way of assisting your performance. It's unconventional, but it works."

Sienna raised an eyebrow. "Let's hear it."

"Well, I've been reviewing all of the scenes we've filmed this past week. Most of it is good stuff. But you're right, you're stiff in some scenes. Thankfully, those aren't the pivotal scenes. Your key scenes will be filmed in the next two weeks, and we'll need you at your best, especially if you want a shot during awards season."

"I'm listening."

"There's someone I can hire for you. Just for you. No one else needs to know about it. So it's strictly confidential."

"You mean an acting coach?" she asked, feeling slightly insulted.

"Not exactly. But I can hire someone to help loosen you up for the big scenes. It's worked before in the past."

"You're being impossibly vague."

"Do you trust me?" he asked. 

"Of course I trust you."

He winked. "There's a reason why my actresses have received so much praise. And it's not always because of me. I know someone who can help."

"Just make the call," she sighed. "I refuse to deliver a bad performance."

"You're making the right decision. You won't regret it."

"So how is this going to work?"

"The production is on break during the weekend. Is your schedule free during that time?" he asked.

"I wanted to go sight-seeing in the city. But obviously this is more important. Sure, I'll be free all weekend."

"I'll send someone to your suite on Saturday morning," he said.

"A perfect way to spend my weekend," she sighed.

Their conversation was finished, and Richard gave a few more compliments about how great she's been doing. Sienna knew it was just to avoid hurt feelings.

Before he left, Richard stood by the door and faced the actress.

"One more thing," he added. "Please keep an open mind. I'm paying for the sessions. You don't have to do anything. If you want stop, that's okay. But I hope you keep your mind open during the process. See you Monday."

He left the trailer, closing the door, and Sienna sat in front of the dresser, looking at her face in the mirror. She continued putting the final touches to her make-up, then she sighed. Giving a bad performance in a great movie wasn't an option. She was determined to make things work.

***

Sienna loved meeting new people.

Her mother had a saying: 'It never hurts to say hello.'

It was a motto which Sienna lived by. She loved introducing herself to other people in the business, and she loved interacting with her fans whenever possible. It was one of the blessings of her life, she thought.

She considered her fame a blessing because of how many people she was able to meet in life. She rarely ever turned down a friendly conversation, and she enjoyed learning about people's lives.

There was a knock on her door on the early Saturday morning. The weekend was originally scheduled to be a break from the rigorous filming schedule, but the director had other ideas for her.

With her morning clothes on, Sienna answered the door.

The woman at the door was a striking beauty with a model physique. She wore a sleek stylish dress. What struck Sienna most about the woman was the bold red lipstick which was uniquely sexy. The woman was tall, and her height was bolstered by a pair of high heels. 

"Hi," Sienna answered. "You must be..."

"I'm Heather," the woman replied confidently. "It's such a pleasure to finally meet you. I'm a big fan of your work."

"Oh, thank you. Please, come in."

Heather entered the expensive hotel suite. Her heels made loud noises on the hard surface of the floor. She looked around and noted the beauty and luxury of the suite.

"Nice place," Heather said.

"Thank you. So, do you work for the studio?"

"Not exactly. The work I do is a bit more exclusive."

Heather reached inside her small purse and handed Sienna a business card. The card was plain. There was no address or contact information. The only thing on the card was a company name:

High Heels, Red Lipstick

There was a kiss mark on the card, which was faintly imprinted red lipstick from a woman's lips.

"This card doesn't tell me anything," Sienna noted.

"Just the name of our brand. Our services are exclusive, and we're highly selective. You can keep that card. It's for you."

"What services do you provide?"

"It depends," Heather replied cryptically. "The director said you were a bit uptight on set. That you need to loosen up."

Sienna gave an embarrassed shrug. "Kind of. Only for this movie. Are you an acting coach or something?"

"I don't know anything about acting. But I've helped Richard before. Whenever his actress needs help, I get the call. Several months later, those actresses receive critical praise and awards."

"Funny, I've never heard of you, or High Heels, Red Lipstick."

"We are very exclusive," Heather replied. "Which reminds me, before we get started, I'll need a signature."

Heather reached inside her small purse and unfolded a piece of paper. She placed the paper on a nearby countertop, along with a pen. Sienna looked at the paper, which had cursive handwriting on it. 

"What is it?" Sienna asked.

"It's a confidentiality agreement. Obviously, many of the top actresses in Hollywood don't want their secrets revealed. Especially since we deal with highly sensitive information."

Sienna sharpened her eyes. "And if I refuse to sign?"

"Then I leave. No hard feelings. But if you sign the paper, then everything that happens between us will remain confidential. It's that simple."

Sienna quickly read the informal contract. The words were written in simple English, and there was no complex legal jargon. She picked up the pen and signed the paper. It was a done deal.

"Great," Heather smiled, folding the paper and putting it back in her purse. "Now we're ready to begin."

***

They took a walk outside in the city. Sienna was make-up free and she wore a plain outfit. It was her intent to remain anonymous. No one recognized her. As they walked down the street, heads turned to look at Heather, with her bold red lips and sexy long legs which were emphasized by the high heels.

Deep down, Sienna was kind of jealous that Heather was getting all the attention and gazes. 

"Why did you want to become an actress?" Heather asked with sincerity.

There was a genuine curiosity to the question that delighted Sienna. She was used to being asked tons of questions by the media and fans, but she could tell that Heather was actually interested in getting to know the real person, not just the celebrity.

"My parents were avid lovers of stage productions. I grew up watching stage plays and musicals. I was mesmerized each time, even though I couldn't understand what was going on. But I was drawn to the costumes, the energy, and the passion. When I became old enough to consider a career, I knew I wanted to be an actress. Nothing else seemed important to me"

"You're very lucky. Not many people find their calling in life."

"I know," Sienna replied. "Frankly, I was stunned the first time I was cast as the lead role in a high school musical. I couldn't believe it. The rest is history. I was fortunate to get higher profile roles over time. I always count my blessings."

Heather smiled as they walked. "Now here you are, a big celebrity."

"Yeah, well, I don't think people on this street notice. They're all busy checking you out."

"Dressing to perfection is part of my job."

Sienna nodded. "Speaking of which, are you ever going to tell me what your job is? You seem like a very nice person, I trust you, but you've been incredibly vague this entire time."

"Fair enough. High Heels, Red Lipstick is a service run by women, for women. We cater to whatever needs our clients have. And we achieve our goals by whatever means necessary."

"How does this relate to acting?"

"Well, the last actress I worked with was nervous for the important seduction scenes. So I was hired to make her feel comfortable. Before filming, I went to her private trailer and went down on her."

"Did you just say that you..."

"I licked her pussy," Heather bluntly stated.

Sienna stopped walking and stood still on the sidewalk. She looked around to make sure that no one heard their private conversation. She didn't know whether to be angry, shocked, or amused.

"You what?" she asked with a slightly angry tone.

Heather gave a calm look. "Like I said, we achieve our goals by whatever means necessary. And sometimes that includes oral sex."

"I can't believe you're talking to me like this."

"We should be open and honest with each other."

"Does Richard know about this?" Sienna asked.

"Of course he does. Why do you think he requested me? And why do you think that so many of his actresses receive such critical praise for their work with him? It's because Richard knows how to get an actress to loosen up."

Sienna shook her head. "I can't believe I'm standing here talking to you about this. This is very unprofessional. Even if it's a joke."

"Let me ask you something: Have you ever won an award for your acting? More importantly, do you want to win an award?"

Sienna stood with an icy cold expression on her face. She refused to answer.

"That's what I figured," Heather said. "I'm here for you. I want to help you succeed. But you have to work with me. If you're not comfortable with this, then that's perfectly fine. No hard feelings."

Sienna tightened her lips, which made the tip of her nose slightly wiggle.

"Fine. I'm curious."

Heather smiled. "Let's go."

They continued walking down the street. Heather remained upbeat with a sassy and confident attitude. 

"Are you a lesbian?" Sienna asked softly, so that other people on the sidewalk couldn't hear it.

"Does it matter?"

"Not really. I just want to know."

"I don't really care for labels," Heather replied. "They don't do any good."

"Okay."

"Don't tell me you're an actress who's never experimented with other women."

"I'm afraid women like us exist," Sienna replied playfully. "Not every actress in Hollywood is an open book. Not that there's anything wrong with that."

"I can tell you're a very principled woman. I respect that about you. You have a very humble outlook which I think is appealing."

"My family and my beliefs keep me grounded."

"That's very important in life."

As they walked, Sienna couldn't stop thinking about what actresses Heather must have 'worked' with. It was easy to narrow down the candidates. Richard had a reputation for getting women to deliver stellar performances. Sienna briefly imagined the different actresses engaging in oral sex with the extremely beautiful Heather. It was a jarring thought and a taboo secret.

"Is this a joke?" Sienna asked while they continued walking. "Please tell me I'm being pranked right now."

"Do you think a highly respected director like Richard would prank his lead actress in the midst of an intense movie shoot?"

Sienna was tongue tied for a moment. "No."
