 A confident woman should embrace her sexuality. 

***

Melinda arrived at the Miami airport and already she looked like a tourist.

She knew the weather was going to be hot, so she dressed fairly light, but not light enough compared to everyone else. 

When she pushed her luggage on a cart to the terminal, she saw a woman holding a sign with her name on it. Melinda was aware that the company had sent someone to pick her up at the airport, and she expected a middle aged man in a suit.

Instead, Melinda was greeted by someone with the appearance of a latina bombshell. They spoke for a few moments to confirm their identities, and the woman introduced herself as Carmen. They shook hands and exchanged short pleasantries.

As they walked to the parking lot, Melinda couldn't help but think of how odd they must have looked together. They looked like polar opposites of each other.

Melinda was a plain white woman from Washington state. Carmen was a hispanic goddess, with brown skin that was bathed in the Florida sun. Melinda was dressed in straight laced corporate attire. Carmen was dressed sexy for the warm coast. Melinda had a plain body, which needed a bit more exercise. Carmen had sculpted arms & legs, with fairly large breasts and a perfect butt.

They continued making small talk as they walked through the airport. Melinda learned that Carmen was of Cuban descent and had spent her entire life in the city. She also learned that Carmen was her driver for the week-long stay in Miami.

When they reached the parking lot, Melinda was surprised to see a red sports car. They loaded the luggage in the trunk, and then sat in the seats. 

"This isn't what I expected," Melinda said, buckling her seatbelt.

Carmen put her sunglasses on. "What were you expecting then? An old white guy to pick you up in a limo?"

"Something along those lines, I suppose."

"Relax. You're in Miami now."

The engine roared and they left the parking lot. The city view was gorgeous. Carmen drove at a safe speed, but Melinda held on tight, because she had never ridden in a powerful sportscar before.

"So, do you work for the company?" Melinda asked.

"No. I work for an outside agency. I was hired to show you around the city during your stay in Miami. Think of me as your personal tour guide, or as a hired friend. When you're not working, we'll do fun things together."

They continued on the road. The sunroof was down and the air flowed freely.

"Oh, well, that's good to know."

"You do like to have fun, don't you?" Carmen asked in a sort of teasing way.

"Sure I do, who doesn't?"

"A lot of corporate women are stiff and pent up. I see it all the time."

"That makes sense," Melinda replied. "Climbing the corporate ladder takes a huge time commitment. You can't have a life. There's no time for it."

"Then why do it?"

Melinda thought for a moment. "I suppose because there's a certain pride in being successful. Or maybe some people are just born to be over-achievers."

"Doesn't sound like a very fulfilling lifestyle."

"Anything better in mind?"

Carmen focused on her driving. "Take a look around. Beautiful beaches. Beautiful people. Nice weather. This is the life that people should be living. Not being stuffed in an office all day."

"You really aren't with the company, are you?" Melinda playfully asked.

When they reached a stoplight, Carmen lifted her sunglasses, turned to Melinda, and winked.

"Like I said, I work for an outside agency."

They continued on the road until they reached the hotel. It was a fairly nice hotel in the downtown area, which the company had paid for. Carmen accompanied Melinda to the room, and they spent a little more time together.

"What are your plans for tonight?" Carmen asked.

"Rest. Probably. I don't know. I haven't really thought about it."

"And your plans tomorrow?"

"I'll be busy most of the day," Melinda replied. "Work stuff."

"Do you like to dance?"

"Not really. I'm sure it's fun, but I never really got the hang of it."

Carmen smiled, "Then I'll pick you up at 8. We'll have a light dinner then I'll take you salsa dancing. It's going to be a great time."

"Thanks, but I don't think..."

"8 pm," Carmen smiled again. "Don't be late."

She wasn't taking 'no' for an answer, then she left the hotel room. Melinda wasn't given a choice. After a moment, all Melinda could think about was what to wear.

***

Melinda was never much of a dancer.

The first time she tried to dance was in the senior year of high school prom. She was a book-worm back then. And she somehow managed to get a date with a fairly handsome guy from the football team.

Once her sisters found out, they grabbed a hold of her and worked their magic. They transformed her from a shy little wallflower, to something that's blossomed. Everyone told her how pretty she looked. Her classmates could barely recognize her. It gave her a warm feeling.

When it was time to dance, the heel in her left shoe broke and she fell. It was the most humiliating moment of her life. And it was also the moment which she decided that the party lifestyle wasn't for her. That she was better suited focusing on academics.

*

Carmen arrived at the hotel lobby at 7:55.

She looked like a true goddess. She wore a sleek dress which perfectly showcased her hips and breasts. High heels which accentuated her long legs. And red lipstick which provided a nice contrast to her brown skin.

Melinda wondered how that woman was able to walk so sensually in those heels.

They greeted each other with a hug this time. 

"You look stunning," Melinda complimented. "I feel so under-prepared."

Carmen smiled. "Thanks sweetheart. And don't worry about your appearance. I like your classy & sophisticated look."

The rest of the night felt like a movie. They went to an exotic looking Cuban restaurant and Melinda ate things which amazed her. She wasn't used to spicy foods, but it was a very nice thing to try. Afterwards, they talked for an hour over drinks.

Melinda revealed that she was born & raised in New Hampshire. She later moved to California to pursue her high academic goals. Then she later moved to Washington state for a job offer that she received. Melinda also revealed that she was once close to getting married to a former colleague. It didn't work out because of their hectic work schedules.

She explained that she didn't have many hobbies. It rained a lot in Washington so she mainly stayed indoors during her free time. On rainy days, she enjoyed cooking, binge watching tv shows, reading books, and playing with her cat.

Carmen revealed that her parents came to America as refugees from Cuba. Living in Florida was the only life she had ever known. And she was grateful for it. She fondly expressed her love of life and all things passionate. She lived for passion. And the pursuit of passion.

She professed her love for swimming and sunbathing on the beach. It was how she maintained her sexy figure. She also loved dancing and the Miami nightlife.

"Speaking of dancing," Carmen said. "I think we've been here long enough. My butt is getting sore from this seat. Come on. I'll show you a good time."

After paying the bill, Carmen pulled a reluctant Melinda out of the seat and they went to a nearby salsa dance studio. It was a small place where a man (who was also Carmen's friend) taught people the art of salsa dancing. Most of the other guests were also white tourists, so Melinda didn't feel so out of place.

Carmen removed her high heels, and Melinda removed her shoes. When the music played, they danced. It was awkward for Melinda at first, but with Carmen's encouragement and infectious smile, she began to loosen up.

Soon, all inhibitions were gone. Melinda was in Miami, in a small studio where everyone was dancing to salsa music, and she was dancing with a beautiful goddess in front of her. It was a moment she never expected. And she enjoyed the night.

***

They didn't meet again until the day after.

They met at a local cafe. Melinda expressed her love for the previous evening.

"I loved the dancing," Melinda said over coffee. "They don't have anything like that we're I'm from. So it was definitely very enjoyable. Thank you."

"Maybe we'll do it again sometime. But today, I have something else in mind."

She raised an eyebrow. "I'm sure it must be good."

"We'll go to the beach. Then we go shopping. All expenses paid."

Melinda briefly flashed a skeptical look. "You know, I asked about you during yesterday's meeting. The men didn't know anything about you. The women just seemed to blushed. Keep in mind, these corporate women don't blush easily. So, do you mind telling me who you really are? I'm not an idiot."

After a quick sip of coffee, Carmen reached in her small black purse and handed Melinda a plain looking business card. 

High Heels, Red Lipstick:

Servicing women for over 20 years

No names. No address. No contact information. Just a name and a logo. It was as simple as that.

"I've never heard of this," Melinda said.

"Of course not. We don't advertise. But the executives in the Miami branch of your company know who we are. That's why I was hired for you."

"I'm confused."

"Don't be," Carmen shrugged. "I've been hired to provide a service. And I'm great at my job. We're having fun, aren't we? I love corporate women. I love peeling back the layers and exposing what's there. You'll see."

The words left Melinda slightly bewildered, and she gave a forced smile. When the check came, Carmen paid with the same credit card she's used all along. Then they left the cafe.

***

It felt like a mystery.

As they got in Carmen's sports car and drove around the city, Melinda wondered about High Heels, Red Lipstick, and the cryptic remarks which Carmen had made during breakfast. The words were filled with innuendo.

When Melinda had previously asked the other business women about Carmen, they suddenly seemed shy, and were vague with their replies.

Melinda didn't know what to expect. The only thing she knew was that she was having a good time. Carmen was a beautiful woman who understood how to make a person feel good. There was also a genuine connection between them, Melinda thought. So why question it?

*

Around 10 am, Melinda was surprised by the scantily clad bodies at the beach. The beach goers were practically naked, at least by Melinda's standards. There was a mischievous grin on Carmen's face.

"I brought some bikinis," Carmen said. "There's a nearby changing room."

"Oh, no, I can't."

"I don't want to hear that," Carmen said persistently. "You've told me that Washington rains a lot. Well, you're here. It's the perfect day. And it's hot. So let's work on our tans. You look like you could really use it."

Before Melinda could refuse again, Carmen got out of the car and opened the trunk to get the bikinis. Melinda reluctantly followed.

"I really appreciate everything," Melinda said. "But this is too much. I don't think I should be..."

"Nonsense. Take this. Let's go to the changing room. We'll bring our clothes back to the car."

A few minutes later, both women stepped out of the changing room.

Carmen's goddess physique was on full display. She wore nothing but a small bikini. Barefoot on the ground. Her skin was a beautiful shade of brown, and there were no signs of tan lines anywhere. Her breasts and rear end looked even bigger without the constraints of proper clothes.

By contrast, Melinda wore her bikini, but kept her white tshirt on. Her legs were a pale shade of white, and weren't very toned.

"This is as far as I'll go," Melinda said staunchly. "I won't remove the tshirt."

"Fair enough. But I think that's a shame. You have a beautiful figure."

"Not compared to you. Thank you anyway."

Carmen shook her head. "We all have our preferences. I've noticed that you've been admiring my attributes since the moment we first met. The truth is, I think you're equally as gorgeous as me. You just don't realize it."

"Well, thank you."

They both carried their clothes and put them in the car. Carmen grabbed a beach blanket, sunglasses, lotion, and they walked on the hot sand. It was a hot day. And the beach was filled with beautiful people who were enjoying themselves. 

Melinda couldn't remember the last time she went to the beach. It was a nice thing to experience. Despite her initial refusals, going to the beach was actually a good idea, she quickly realized.

The beach blanket was laid neatly across the sand. Carmen was the first to lay on it. She immediately relaxed with her sunglasses on. 

Melinda noted how beautiful the dark skinned woman was. There weren't a lot of women like that in Washington. In fact, Melinda couldn't remember the last time she had seen a latina bombshell in the city where she lived. Those sorts of things were only seen on tv or in magazines. 

She laid down on the blanket next to Carmen. They laid side by side. It was tough for Melinda to relax. The sun was bright and the weather was making her sweat. Beach goers were making noises in all directions. It wasn't the ideal atmosphere to relax, not for Melinda at least.

Especially laying next to such an exotic beauty.

"Why are you still single?" Carmen asked, still laying motionlessly on the blanket.

"My work schedule. And I'm picky, I suppose."

"And what about your needs?"

"Excuse me?"

Carmen lifted her sunglasses. "You have needs, don't you? Or are you a vampire with no pulse?"

"If I was a vampire, I wouldn't be laying here in the sun with you."

"Good point," Carmen replied, looking the woman over. "But the whiteness of your skin suggests otherwise."

Melinda squirmed her legs. "There's not much sun where I'm from."

"You haven't answered my question yet. What do you do about your needs?"

Melinda gave a dumbfounded look. "I really don't know how to answer that."

"Well, do you masturbate? What do you use? What do you think about?"

"I..."

"Relax," Carmen said in a reassuring tone. "It's just between us. I won't tell anybody from the company, unless you want me to?"

"Of course not."

"Then tell me. Our secret."

"Why are you asking me something like this?"

"Because we're friends," Carmen replied. "And friends tell each other everything. At least that's the way things work around here. In Miami, people are much more open about their sexuality."

"I'm from a much more conservative area."

"Then should I go first?"

Melinda paused for a moment. "If you want."

"I love sex," Carmen said, almost in a proud manner. "I don't say that to be obscene, but I mean that in a positive way. I feel that sex is a very important part of a person's spirituality. A woman doesn't know herself until she understands herself sexually."

Melinda was spellbound by the words. The beach was too lively and noisy for anyone else to hear.

She continued, "I also believe that a confident woman shouldn't have to fear her sexuality. She should embrace it. And respect it. And give it everything it needs to grow. If you take care of your sexuality, you're a much better person for it. So, I have a policy to ensure that I orgasm every day. Sometimes more than once. If I'm not with another person, I use a sex toy. Either in my bed, laying on a towel, or in the bathtub. Whatever I'm in the mood for."

Melinda uncomfortably nodded. "That certainly sounds like a logical rule to live by. I admire your honesty and insight. I really do."

"And you? Your turn."

"A few times a week," Melinda reluctantly admitted. "I do it in bed, underneath the covers. Usually when I wake up, or before I go to sleep."

"What do you normally think about?"

"Romance. Candle light settings. The usual cliches."

"Do you think about women?" Carmen bluntly asked.

Melinda was caught off-guard by the increasingly uncomfortable conversation, which Carmen had no problems with.

"Does it matter?"

"I'm curious."

"I usually don't think about that," Melinda replied. "But it's crossed my mind. I've certainly had my moments with it. Most women think about it at some point, according to studies."

"That's true in my opinion. Very, very true."

Carmen stretched her arms across the beach blanket, putting her sunglasses back on. The conversation was over for the time being, and Melinda couldn't have been more relieved.

***

After the brief sunbathing session, they went to lunch. 

Their conversations went back to normal things; their lives, their hobbies, their interests. 

There was no mention of the sexual questions Carmen had been asking earlier. Melinda still felt uncomfortable by it. And in some strange way, she felt that Carmen was purposefully teasing her by not bringing it up again. It was like a strange game they were playing.

After lunch, Carmen insisted that they stop by a department store to look at clothes. It was right across the street from the hotel. Even though Melinda wanted to rest, she didn't want to be rude, so she accepted.

The department store was fairly small. None of the items on display were typical for Melinda. Outside of work, she normally dressed in a conservative manner, with some sense of modern style.

But the outfits which Carmen pointed out were much more stylish and hip. They still had a sense of class, but there was also a sexiness to them. They were tightly fit and showed a lot of skin.

"You only live once," Carmen said. "And you're in Miami for a few more days. You can't keep dressing like a Canadian."

"Canadians are very nice people," Melinda said defensively.

Carmen winked. "I'm sure they are. But you're in a tropical area now. So dress like it."

She handed Melinda a short black dress from the rack. There was a look on Carmen's face which refused to take 'no' for an answer. Melinda was in no place to argue.

Melinda took the dress and was handed a few more. Then she went to the changing room.

The dresses were borderline vulgar, Melinda thought, looking at the revealing nature of the designs. She undressed in the changing room. After everything was removed, she wore the first dress and looked at her appearance, striking a few different poses.

She could barely recognize her reflection. She felt like she was trying on a Halloween costume rather than something she would actually buy. The dress tightly hugged her smallish breasts and hips. Her arms & legs were left awkwardly exposed. Looking at her reflection in the sexy dress made her wish she had gone to the gym more.

In a flash, the changing room curtain opened and Carmen entered, then swiftly closed the curtain behind her. Carmen held other dresses in her hand.

"Gosh, what are you doing?" Melinda asked as they suddenly shared the same changing room.

"Trying on a new dress. We're both civilized adults here."

They both looked in the same mirror. Melinda's face showed a sense of bewilderedness, while Carmen couldn't have been more relaxed and playful.

Before Melinda could say another word, Carmen undid her own top, then her bra to reveal her breasts, which were perfectly shaped round globes, with dark nipples.

Melinda stood bewildered by the brazen nudity.

"Have you ever seen breasts before?" Carmen gestured to her chest, with a slight tease in her voice.

"Of course I have," Melinda replied, more rigid than ever.

"Well, then relax. Both of us will be needing new dresses soon. Something sexy to wear for a special occasion."

"What do you mean?"

Carmen winked. "You'll find out soon enough. A woman like you could use surprises. They're fun."

With that, Carmen returned her attention to the mirror, and she finally covered her breasts with a tight-fitted black dress.

***

Once, in college, Melinda had an experience with a female professor.
