 Regina wasn't sure why she was going to see Linda today, other than because Linda told her she should come back. She certainly didn't look forward to these "appointments", if that's what you could even call them at this point, and her back *was* feeling much better. Yet here she was, walking slowly towards Linda's house for another treatment that she didn't really need or want. 

Regina wondered if perhaps she did like the treatments, but simply wasn't willing to admit it. That was a possibility, especially since Linda wasn't forcing her to come, rather just suggesting at the end of each visit that she should make a return appointment. It wasn't like she didn't have a choice. If she truly wanted, she could stop right now and just simply, not show up. Linda would understand, wouldn't she? She would have to understand! No, Regina did not want to see Linda today, yet she walked on without hesitation.

The whole situation started out simple enough. She'd hurt her back playing soccer about 6 months ago and her mother's friend Linda, who was a chiropractor and masseuse, offered to help with her therapy. Initially, Linda was completely professional in her treatment and Regina felt better in no time at all. After several sessions though, Regina thought she should have been nearly done with the treatments, as her back was fully recovered, but Linda insisted that she needed more work. 

What do I care, thought Regina at the time. She wasn't paying for the treatments herself and if Linda wanted to make a little extra money by billing her insurance company, then so be it. Besides, Regina enjoyed the massages that came with each treatment.

It was sometime during the 4th week of treatments when Linda requested that Regina fully disrobe. Regina thought this to be more than a little strange, but Linda insisted it was for the benefit of her therapy and since she was a friend of the family, Regina reluctantly took off her clothes without questioning. 

That first nude session was strange. Lying naked on Linda's table while having her body worked on was unsettling to say the least, but at the same time, somewhat arousing. Being completely naked while someone touched her flesh was a new sensation to Regina and while her mind may have been conflicted about how she should react, her body didn't seem to care.

Regina was surprised, but not in the least bit pleased, by her arousal. She certainly did not consider herself a pervert or lesbian. This was a professional massage by a licensed doctor for crying out loud and here she was becoming turned on like some common slut! She did her best to push the erotic thoughts out of her mind and simply allowed her treatments to continue; convincing herself that everything was as it should be. 

After that appointment, Linda required Regina to fully disrobe every time she came to see her. Regina thought it strange that Linda never offered her a gown or towel, but just accepted it, assuming that Linda simply felt comfortable around her.

It wasn't long thereafter when Linda suggested that Regina should come to her house for her visits, rather than making her mother drive her out to the office twice a week. Regina's mother agreed and it was done. Regina's appointments were now conducted in the solitude of Linda's house, where one bedroom was redone into a home office complete with everything Linda needed to run her practice.

As Regina continued to walk, she pondered the situation and how it started off so innocently. Or at least she thought it started out innocently. When she really thought about how things had progressed, no one in their right mind would find anything at all innocent about it. Linda undoubtedly had a plan all along and Regina was just a bit too late in figuring it out. 

She was ashamed by her appointments and would never tell a soul about them. How could she? How could she ever describe to anyone the things that Linda did to her? The first thing anyone would ask is why was she still going? Regina knew the reason. She liked it. She liked the things Linda did to her and liked the way Linda made her feel. Still, she was nowhere near ready to admit this fact to herself, let alone anyone else. 

Looking at her watch, she noticed she was almost late. Linda would be pissed off if she were not on time so Regina picked up the pace, almost jogging the remaining half block to Linda's house.

Linda answered the door as always, "Hello Regina! It's so nice to see you."

"Thanks, I hope I'm not late," Regina said with a nervous and forced smile.

Linda smiled back at the girl, "No dear, you're right on time. Come on in and let's get started though. I have a full schedule today."

Regina followed Linda through her house to where the office was set up. As with every appointment, her heart was pounding and she had the undeniable urge to flea. But she followed Linda into the office and made no indication that she wanted to leave.

Once inside the small room, Linda closed the door and turned the lock, "Ok Regina, let's get you undressed."

Regina made no reply as she kicked off her sandals and pulled her t-shirt over her head, leaving her naked from the waste up save for a plain white bra. Linda's demeanor may have been one of disinterest, but secretly she watched intensely as Regina unbuttoned her denim shorts and dropped them to the floor before stepping out of them. Regina would not make eye contact with Linda and as always, stopped undressing when she was left wearing only her bra and panties.

In a most professional, but slightly annoyed manner, Linda said, "Regina, I need you fully naked dear."

Again without a word, but this time with a crimson blush, Regina continued to undress. She hesitantly reached behind her and unclasped her bra, letting it fall the floor. Her nipples instantly hardened and she quickly turned around so that Linda would not see her exposed breasts. The last thing Regina wanted Linda to see was her nipples, rock hard and aching from anticipation. Regina then slid the panties down her smooth legs and stepped out of them, leaving them on the floor to keep company with the rest of her discarded clothing. She hoped that Linda would not notice the wetness that collected in them during her walk over.

"Regina I must say you've really developed into quite a beautiful young woman. You have a very sexy body." Linda casually stated with just a hint of a sly smile. Actually Linda made this comment, or another one similar to it, every time Regina undressed for her. She loved watching the younger girl's reaction, a mixture of pride and embarrassment, to the loaded compliment.

As always, Regina quietly replied, "Thank you Linda" before turning an even deeper shade of red. It was strange yet comforting how their appointments seemed to follow this protocol. Other than the method by which Linda administered her treatments, each appointment was pretty much the same and this afternoon was no different.

"Ok Regina, I'm ready for you. Hop on up, you know the drill" Linda said sweetly with a professional smile.

Regina got up on the soft cushioned table and lay on her stomach, keeping her arms at her sides. The table itself was quite comfortable and actually designed for massages except for one glaring exception. It had stirrups at the foot of the table, just like at her gynecologist's office. 

Regina prayed that she would not be required to use the stirrups today. Something about the thought of lying back on the table with her legs spread and her young sex exposed for Linda was quite alarming to her. To date, Linda hadn't used them on her, but Regina knew it was only a matter of time before she would. And despite her fears and apprehension about being bound in stirrups, her pussy was wet just from the thought of it. 

Regina lay nervously on the table and waited for Linda to begin. Unlike her initial appointments in which Linda would actually perform chiropractic procedures for her ailing back, Regina knew now that she would receive just a short massage until Linda was ready to treat her.

"Let's start on your upper back first today," said Linda as she poured warm oil on her hands and began to knead Regina's shoulder blades. Working quietly and professionally on the young girl, Linda hid all signs of her own arousal, never letting on how wet her pussy was just from seeing Regina's naked body.

Regina of course loved Linda's massages and really without them, was doubtful she would ever make it to the actual treatment. With little effort, she allowed herself to relax as Linda continued working magic on her shoulders and then down to her lower back. Linda was thorough, carefully working each muscle. Once she was done with the girl's back and neck, she massaged her arms, and then legs before finishing up with her hands and feet.

"Turn over Regina," Linda softly said, "I want to do your front."

Regina turned over and laid flat, her eyes tightly closed and her bare nipples standing straight out in front of Linda. Linda continued to massage her patient, working on her arms again before moving down to the front of her calves and thighs. Regina, not wanting Linda to see her excitement did her best to keep her legs firmly closed. 

"Relax a bit hon," Linda spoke sweetly, as she gently eased Regina's legs slightly apart.

Regina submissively allowed her legs to be spread and even though it was not in a lewd manner, she was extremely aware of her pussy feeling very exposed.

Linda continued to massage Regina's thighs, working her hands up towards her mound, towards her pussy. Regina held her breath as Linda's hands moved very close to her young pussy, but without ever touching it. 

Linda then smoothed her hands over Regina's stomach and made a circular motion as she moved up to her breasts. Her hands found the girls nipples, hard and extended. Linda rubbed each breast, continuing in a circular motion. She then tweaked the girl's nipples, pulling and caressing each with her slick fingers. Linda kept this up for some time, her own nipples aching as she pulled and twisted on Regina's soft breasts. She watched her patient closely, enjoying the look of mixed pleasure and embarrassment on her face as she did her best to restrain her moans.

Regina, as always, was lost in massage bliss and startled out of it when Linda finally spoke, "Ok Regina, it's time for your treatment."

"Yes Ma'am," Regina replied somewhat disappointed. The massages always felt so comforting that it was difficult to move onto the next step. And yet, she never said no. She replied in the manner Linda had instructed of her and like always, was both apprehensive and aroused by the anticipation of her treatment.

The treatment itself was the only part of her appointment that varied. This fact itself further alarmed and excited Regina. She wondered what Linda had in mind for her today and no sooner had the question crossed her mind when Linda said sweetly, "Regina, today I need you up on your hands and knees for me."

Regina moved up on the table as Linda placed what could only be described as a support type bench under her. The bench was soft and padded, similar to an ottoman, but longer, and designed so that Regina would remain in Linda's desired position both comfortably and securely. Once in place, Regina rested her mid-section on the bench and was lying over top of it so that she was fully supported with her ass and pussy exposed upward and within arms reach of Linda. 

"Ok sweetie, let's get you locked in," said Linda as she took Regina's hand and guided it towards the front edge of the cushion where she then attached it to a cuff type lock that was waiting for her use. She repeated the procedure with Regina's other hand before adding, "I need you to be secure for your own safety sweetie. It's all part of the treatment and nothing to be concerned about. After all, I wouldn't' want you to fall off the table and hurt yourself." Linda certainly had a reassuring quality to her voice and it was actually this charm that allowed her to have her way with the young girl.

Once Regina's hands were secure, Linda moved to the bottom end of the table where she took each of Regina's legs and positioned them so that her feet were positioned on the outside of the cushion, forcing her legs open. She then took a short spreader bar and attached each cuff to Regina's ankles locking her in.

There was a large leather strap attached to the bottom of the massage table and Linda pulled it over the small of Regina's back, locking it into a receptacle on the other side. Once the strap was locked into place, Linda pulled the remaining slack through the buckle and her patient was firmly strapped in.

Linda stepped back to admire her work and felt a chill run through her body. Regina looked so pretty bound up for her and of all her "special" patients; this one was no doubt her favorite. She loved seeing the girl in this position and felt her own pussy leak, as she wondered how erotic it must feel to be bound and helpless like this.

Regina, now aware that she was completely restrained, struggled to test her bonds. Sure enough there was no getting out until Linda decided to release her. Despite being in this situation before, Regina felt a bit of panic coming over her, "Linda, I don't know about this," she started to say before Linda cut her off.

"Shhhhh, just relax sweetie. Everything is ok and I'm going to take very good care of you." 

Linda walked around her helpless patient trailing her fingers gently over her legs and back, lightly tickling her with her nails. "You just take it easy baby," Linda cooed, "Let me do all the work and we'll be done before you know it. You're going to do just fine."

Regina shuddered as she felt the older woman's hands trailing over her skin, smoothly and slowly. Linda traced her hands all over her, first on her thighs, then upwards over her round ass and to the small of her back. 

Linda settled her hand on Regina's round ass and continued, "There you go sweetie. Just relax," her words having an almost hypnotic effect on the helpless girl, as she gently rubbed her ass. 

Linda traced her finger along the crack of Regina's cheeks, not penetrating her, rather just touching along the outside edge of her ass down to her pussy. "I see you've been shaving for me Regina," Linda commented with a smile, as her finger found the girl's slit.

"Yes Ma'am. I did as you instructed me," replied Regina, her voice cutting off when Linda made contact with the outside lips of her pussy. 

"I'm glad you did, it looks very sexy on you," said Linda, as she pressed her finger slightly into the folds of Regina's pussy, "How does it feel like that?"

"What do you mean?" questioned Regina.

"Your pussy Regina!" Linda replied with a short tone in her voice. "I'm asking how your pussy feels shaved."

Regina let a slight moan escape her lips upon hearing Linda's demeanor and replied, "It feels good Ma'am."

Linda continued to run her finger slowly up and down the length of Regina's wet slit, her finger occasionally penetrating the wet folds as she continued her interrogation, "What feels good Regina?"

Regina hated this part. Actually she hated how much she secretly liked it. Linda was going to make her say things. Damn her! Why did she do this? Why did she feel the need to humiliate her and make her say all these degrading things? And why did it excite her so?

With a determined effort, Regina responded, "My pussy feels good Ma'am."

"Come on Regina," Linda chided as she continued her tease, "You can do better than that." Linda was slowly tormenting the girl's pussy, sliding her finger in and out of her lips and occasionally circling her sensitive clit, but without ever touching it directly. 

"Tell me Regina," Linda persisted.

"My shaved pussy feels good Ma'am!" Regina cried out, feeling extremely turned on and humiliated by the tease.

"I'm sure it does Regina," Linda snickered, "You're soaked." 

Linda, satisfied with her patient's response, smiled and rubbed now two fingers directly over the girl's hard clit.

"Oooohhhh," Regina moaned. She tried desperately to grind her pussy back harder on Linda's fingers, but was restrained in such a way that her only stimulation would be whatever Linda decided to give her.

Linda continued to massage the girl's pussy and clit, taking her time to trace her fingers, now wet with Regina's juices, all over her exposed and aroused sex. Regina's breathing quickened and her body began to perspire a pretty sheen of sweat, giving away her excitement.

"I have something special for you today," Linda said as she suddenly stopped playing with the younger girl's pussy. Regina immediately felt empty and needy. Damn she loved when Linda touched her pussy. The older woman definitely knew how to make her feel good. Even better than when she masturbated and better than the two times she'd let her boyfriend fuck her. Whenever Linda stopped touching her, she felt as if she'd go crazy. Like she was empty inside and hungry for more.

Still standing behind her patient and out of her sight, Linda took a large anal plug and a bottle of lubricant out of a nearby drawer. Regina for her part did not know what Linda was doing and was left panting in anticipation while she waited. Linda again was silent, pouring the lubricant liberally over the plug and then over the top of Regina's ass. 
Regina shivered when the cool lubricant hit her flesh. She could feel it dripping slowly down into the crack of her tight ass and down to her aroused pussy. Linda then poured more lubricant onto her hand and began massaging the liquid between Regina's ass cheeks and onto her little hole. She worked thoroughly, allowing the lube to make both the girl's ass and pussy very wet. Her fingers delved gently at first into the soft folds of Regina's ass, then with more insistence, pressing slightly into the girl's most private of areas.

Regina was aroused by the penetration, "Nooooooo Linda, please don't," she moaned.

Linda continued to work her fingers over the girl's ass while reassuring her, "Shhhh, you know you love this Regina. You know you're a little ass slut."

It was true. Regina was an ass slut. But did Linda have to remind her every time? And fuck! Why did it arouse her so?

"Say it Regina!" Linda suddenly demanded as she slapped her hand down hard on the girl's bottom, causing her to cry out.

"Ouch, Linda please!" Regina pleaded.

Linda spanked the girl again, "Say what you are Regina! You know you want to say it, you know you need to say it!"

"I'm a slut!" Regina cried out, as Linda continued to spank her ass, "I'm an ass slut!"

Linda, again satisfied with her patient's response stopped spanking the girl and said, "Yes, you are an ass slut Regina. You're MY ass slut."

"Yes Ma'am, I am your ass slut," Regina replied with a whimper, trying her best not to cry. How her pussy ached. She was on fire. Her stomach was doing somersaults and her body shook with excitement. All at once she hated and loved her treatments, hated and loved Linda.

Linda resumed lubricating the girl's ass and her manner again changed. In an instant she lost her course attitude and was back to being her sweet and gentle self. "See Regina, its really not so bad," she spoke lovingly, "All you have to do is be a good girl. You do want to be my good girl, don't you Regina?"

"Yes Linda, I will be a good girl for you," Regina replied, her body quivering against her bonds.

Linda wanted to fill the girl now. She knew Regina was ready and truth be told, Linda's own pussy was leaking so much that her panties were soaked. She couldn't wait to use her patient any longer. Taking the plug, she pressed the narrow tip against Regina's waiting hole.

Adding just a bit of pressure, Linda spoke, "Relax sweetie, I'm going to work this in just a bit."
