 I take you by the hand and lead you into the bedroom. As you walk in the light glow of the candles draw your eyes to the dancing flames all around the room. You smell the subtle, sweet scent in the air. You feel me come behind you, wrapping my arms around you and placing a soft kiss to your neck. "Tonight, I have every intention of showing just how much I enjoy every inch of your beautiful body." My warm breath sends a little shiver down your body as my hands slowly lift your shirt up. My hands lightly scratch the newly exposed skin of your back before I unhook your bra, tossing it to the floor to join the discarded shirt. A little moan escapes your mouth as my hands come up to cup your full chest. I squeeze a little more as I lay kisses across your shoulders and the back of your neck. My hands slide down your stomach, teasing the skin just under the waistline of your pants. I undo the button, and rid you of your remaining clothes. "Get on the bed, lay on your stomach." 

As you go I take off my own clothes. You get settled and it's not long before you feel my naked legs straddle your ass. You can feel my nakedness as I playfully grind into you before I get to work. Grabbing some oil, I begin to massage your neck and shoulders. My hands pushing into your skin, rubbing out spots to make you feel more relaxed. My hands travel down your back. I'm getting worked up at the feel of your skin under my hands. Feeling your muscles move under my hands, knowing that I am causing those small sounds of pleasure that are falling from your mouth makes it hard for me to keep control. As much as I'd like to give in, I want this to last.

After spending a good amount of time on your shoulders and back, I move so I can touch lower on your body. My hands move down to caress your ass. I spend more time than necessary on that particular area, but I'm really enjoying the way you are squirming under my touch. I can tell you're trying not to, but your hips are moving in a slow rhythm. I surprise you by lightly biting down on the flesh, then licking and kissing to sooth the spot before my hands move down your legs. The smooth skin I find makes my heart race a little. I take a moment to settle myself down before a lay my body flat over yours. You feel my breasts against your back and my center pushed into your ass. I nibble on your ear a little before I ask, "you enjoying yourself darlin'?" You manage a happy sound and I see you smile. I grind my hips into you and your smile changes into a small gasp. "Roll over baby, time to do the front." 

You turn and for a moment I just can't help but stare. The sight of your body makes my mouth go dry. I hear you let out a low laugh and look up to see a smirk on your face. I lean over you to capture your lips with my own. This kiss is intense; I suck your bottom lip between my own. I stroke my tongue against your lips and you open for me, allowing our tongues to dance against each other. Both of us release moans as the sensations running through our bodies build. You bring your hands up to tangle in my hair. That reminds me of the mission I am on and I slow the kiss to a stop after a few more soft pecks. 

"I still have some work to do here," I smile and grab more oil. This is where it gets really fun for both of us. My hands lightly move to your large, full breasts. I run my nails over you, lightly scratching as I enjoy the sight below me. I cup and squeeze each breast with a good amount of pressure. As I continue I can't help but look at the way your face is contorting in pleasure. Small moans and gasps are released from your mouth and they send a jolt straight to my pussy. I can feel myself getting wetter as I continue my menstruations. I move my hands down your stomach teasing the spots just about your center. You are raising your hips trying to get me to touch you were the heat is burning so hot you think you might burst.

I laugh a little as I move my hands down your hips and down your legs, not even getting close to your sex. I can see your wetness glistening from that beautiful pussy. I can't wait to get my mouth on you but this slow torture is amazing. I run my hands down your legs. When I get to your feet I start to move back up your body but this time with my mouth on you rather than just my hands. My tongue runs over the skin on your legs. I place kisses on each leg, moving from side to side. Paying a little more attention to the spot just behind your knee, a playful nip makes you jump as my hands start running up your thigh. 

My tongue follows that path until I reach the apex of your thighs. I look up at your face as my hands finally cup your heated core. We lock eyes as I feel how wet you are. A small whimper leaves my mouth as I realize how worked up I made you. "Feels to me like you're ready for the last part of the massage," I say as I rub slightly against your pussy. You nod and moan, urging me to continue. I decide to have a little more fun. "What do you want from me? I want to hear you say want you want." You moan then say, "please touch me. I want your mouth on me. Lick me pussy." 

At those words I can't hold back any more. I position myself between your legs. Taking a moment to just breathe in your scent, you smell so amazing. I flatten my tongue against you and took a long, slow stroke from top to bottom of you. I moan out load sending vibrations to your body. I could almost cum right now with just the taste of you now in my mouth. I take a few more strokes up and down your wetness. Then I lick and suck your lips. Spending my time covering every inch of you, enjoying the way you feel in my mouth. 

After I explore your lips I move to tease your opening. My tongue circles around the tight muscle before I put it inside of you. Your hips fly off the bed at the sudden pleasure of being filled with my tongue. I move one hand to hold your hips and the other reaches up to play with your nipples. I continue with slow, strong thrust of my tongue inside of you for a few minutes before I reluctantly let go of your chest to bring my hand back down. I remove my tongue and pepper your pussy with soft kisses and licks. I look up and see that your eyes are closed and your hands are fisted in the sheets, eagerly awaiting my next move. 

Still looking up at you, I insert a finger into you. You cry out and open your eyes to look at me. I keep looking at you and add a second finger when I feel you are ready for it. The moans and curses dropping out of your mouth are music to my ears. I get a good steady rhythm going with my two fingers before I bend my head back down to your center. My hand thrusting, I kiss your clit with a light pressure. My tongue makes contact to lick you. Your hand tangles in my hair and I know you are getting close.

I run my tongue in circles on your clit while my fingers pick up speed. I can feel the muscles inside of your pussy start to pulse around me, one of the sexiest feelings in the world. I put my mouth around your clit and suck while my tongue still makes its circles. My fingers are pumping faster and harder and your moans are getting louder. My breathing is as hard as yours but I don't let up. After a few more thrusts, your pussy clamps around my fingers, your hand tightens its grip in my hair, your hips buck, and my name is being screamed from your mouth. Feeling you cum and hearing you scream my name is enough to cause my own climax. As your body comes down, I continue to lightly lick your center. The aftershocks still making you shake a little. Your body stills and I know that means I should be done. I place one last kiss on your mound and look up at you, still enjoying your taste in my mouth. "You feeling relaxed or should I try that again," I say with a wink.