 Comments are welcomed. 

Please do not copy or distribute this story. 

This is chapter 2 of a story involving sex between a middle aged and a 21 year old woman. This is a subject near and dear to me. If anyone has any lesbian stories involving age differences, I would appreciate reading them. 

* * * * * 

By now I was hornier than hell and secretly lusted for her body but wondered if she felt the same. My pussy was so wet and not just from the sauna. Being around Cindy, in the sauna and getting massaged was defiantly having an effect on me and I could feel myself trembling as she positioned herself face down on the sauna bench unclasped her bikini top expecting me to return the favor. I was about to position myself when Cindy rolled over onto her back back exposing her small perky breasts for my eyes to feast on. Her eyes were closed and her lips displayed an almost sinister expression as she lay there waiting for her turn to messaged. 

"I don't want you to break any nails" was all she said with her eyes closed and a smirk on her face. Which is why she removed her bra I thought.

My heart skipped a few beats. I didn't know what to do, where to look, or where to touch her. I was scared and trembling. Here we were, our bodies covered in sweat, me horny as hell and not sure if Cindy felt the same as I did or was she just acting normal as all sophisticated and mature woman act when it's just us girls around? Was I reading this all wrong? Out of my comfort zone, I wasn't sure exactly what to do so I began to rub her arms, her thighs, her legs, and get into massaging her, like she did to me. I did everything I could so as not to touch her breasts or get too close to her bikini clad pussy. 

I imagined what her pussy would look like though. The vivid pictures of her sweaty pussy was leaving a sweet impression on me.Did she shave? I wondered. I didn't think so but her perfect mound protruded up and looked high. I noticed her eyes were closed and I stole as many peeks of her body as I thought I could get away with. Still shaking and nervous, I wondered if I should risk our friendship and my embarrassment and touch her perky little breasts that appeared to just be waiting for me to touch or suck on. Her breasts were just waiting only a few inches away just calling out to be caressed. Does she want me to touch her there? Should I just lean over and kiss her? I didn't know what to do and my entire insides ached for physical attention. Cindy let out a soft moan while I rubbed her tummy and rib cage. I couldn't stand it anymore and I was loosing my nerve to try anything that came to mind so, about a minute later, but for me it felt like an eternity, I said 

"OK that's it, your done!" and with that, I gave her a light slap on her thighs and proceeded to get my towel. 

With a pout expression and a playful smile she says, 

"Heh what a ripoff! I messaged you way longer than that!" With that she to got up and reached for her towel.

On the way back up to our room, I was tearing up inside. I don't think Cindy knew what she had done to me. God I was soooo horny. The thought of being touched by another woman had me going crazy. 

"Damn" I cursed myself, if anything was going to happen, that would've been the time. Damn I blew it! 

I had made up my mind right there in the sauna that I wanted her and I had to figure out if she felt the same. Even if she did, I wouldn't have enough nerve to make the first move. Damn! I was hopeless I thought! 

We got to our room and we both had to go pee. We started kidding around as to who had to go worst. By the time we finished that, I was about to pee my pants so I sat down.

I was secretly hoping Cindy would come in. I had purposely left the door open just a crack so as not to appear too obvious. No luck of Cindy barging in, I thought, She was far too classy for that, though I did catch a glimpse of her looking at me through the reflection of the mirrors in the rooms as she held the door knob, wiggling, holding her legs together and complaining how bad she had to go. I was done and just as I was getting up she burst in laughingly complaining how long I took. As she sat down to pee, I pulled upmy bikini bottoms and stayed in the bathroom and brushed my hair trying to look as casual about it as possible. I then went and sat on the huge bed and turned on the TV. 

Cindy came out after what seemed to be an eternity. Facing away from her, I began to change into my nightie. She quickly grabbed my top from me saying "no fair, you cheated me out of my message, it's only fair I get the same time. " 

I laughed and said "touche" and suggested she get out her my wet things since she was getting the sheets wet. She gave me back my top and we both changed. Her into her nightly, a sexy black Victoria Secrets set and I only had a pair of PJ's to change into. Cindy laughed and for some strange reason I almost began to cry. I think she sensed it and took out another nice nightly, a red one and said "here Rose, try this on...I'd like to see how it looks on someone else, it should fit you." I slipped it on in front of her, not feeling self-conscious anymore and "woooo it feels soooo sexy." I said. 

I looked at myself in the mirror and said with two thumbs up using a wise guy tone of voice,

"Hey! I would fuck that!" 

"Ya" Cindy said "I'd fuck that to," and we both broke out into laughing hysterics. 

We jumped into bed and under the covers. I was lying on my back with my legs closed and stretched out straight. The bed was so wide and large we where pretending that we couldn't see each other. Laughing, we put our hands to our foreheads like we were looking through binoculars, kidding around, Cindy crawled underneath the covers on all fours and made out like she was searching for me. 

She crawled underneath the covers moving her hands wildly around pretending to be in search for the little lost Rose. In the meantime, I'm laying flat on my back, my legs together stretched out completely covered by the sheets, and my hands folded behind my head with my head outside the covers on my pillows. Under the sheets Cindy grabbed my ankle with both hands as if to simulate grabbing in the dark and laughingly saying 

"Oops what have we here, what is this?"

Her hands crept up my legs to my thighs as she laughed and said 

"I think we have something here!" 

Still underneath the covers teasing me, she moved her hands up to my waist and then up my tummy and to my chest. By now Cindy was on all fours straddled over me under the sheets as I laughed. My pussy lips and tits were so tender and sensitive that the slightest touch would break the dam and make me cum. She deliberately placed her hands on my aching breasts in her as she hovered over me and without warning, lowered herself onto me. She pops her head out from under the sheets just a few inches from my face. With the heat of her body on mine, and the pressure of her pussy grinding on my pussy drove me over the edge. 

I was cumming hard as she said with a sultry tone, "yep, I think I found you my little lost Rose garden" with that she kissed me gently on the lips and lingered there for a few moments. 

I was so wet and excited I didn't hesitate to dart my tongue as deep into her mouth as it would go. 

"Oh Cindy!" oh God!" I moaned I'm cumming. I've wanted you to kiss me all night. You don't know what I'm feeling right now." 

"Oh yes I do Rose" she says, 

"Shhh my sweet, shhh." We kissed with passion as our bodies tried to make contact with every possible skin surface of our bodies. Our breasts mashed together and our pussies were locked mound to mound. I loved it when Cindy rubbed her pussy lips on mine, I had never felt anything soo hot in my short inexperienced life and it felt so good through the sheer nighties. "Ahhh" I moaned as my breathing grew more rapid. Cindy kicked away the sheets and blankets and slipped off my panties. 

Gently she removed her nightly and my top and her mouth moved down to my now burning pussy as her tongue performed magic. For the first time, I felt the touch of a woman's tongue on my pussy. No longer just a fleeting fantasy, I was really being eaten out! God I had to have her. I wanted to taste her so much. We naturally slipped into a sixty-nine position and I sucked on Cindy's pussy like I was a pro at it. 

Throughout the night we had cum several times and rested several times, and went at it again. After an hour or so, just as I thought we should rest, she reached into her night bag and introduced me to Bubba! Her 8" rubber dick was nicer than the one I kept secretly hidden away. " I never leave home without it" she proudly said. 

Cindy began to stroke it and suck and lick it for me as I watched her. I spread my legs and begged her to fuck me with it. "Fuck me Cindy, please fuck me with your hot dick!" For hours we fucked each other with her rubber dick, eat each others pussies, and sucked on each others nipples. Granted my sex life experiences were limited but I had never been more satisfied in my life. It was like we couldn't get enough of each other. I felt happy and fulfilled and I think I was falling in love with her. 

By early light, we were both spent. We lit a cigarette and shared it in bed. Cindy told me I was terrific. It was one of the greatest compliments I could have received. She asked how much experience I had in girl-to-girl lovemaking. 

I laughed and said "you're kidding right?" you are my first Cindy. I should be asking you how long you've been fucking young woman. Cindy smiled and said "you are the first" Again I said "you're kidding right?" 

"No" she said and explained that since her husband died five years ago, she hadn't dated or had sex with anyone. "Shamefully" she explained I play with myself almost every day and sometimes twice a day" I can't help it, I'm always horny. 

For about two years now, I've been curious about making love with another woman but I've never had the nerve to actually go for it until today. 

I first fantasized about woman-to-woman loving two years ago when I ordered lesbian videos and little sex toys by mail, just to get my thrills, I guess. That's what being alone can do to a woman. When I first decided I wanted to go for it, I first fantasized of woman I knew from the club or church, usually someone my own age with ideas that maybe I could persuade one of them to try it. I even hosted afternoon teas at my house so that some of the ladies I fantasized about would be there, in my house, the scent of their perfume and with wishful thinking, maybe one of them would stay a little longer after everyone else had left, and see if there might be a possibility but nothing ever came of it. 

I hired a college student shortly after that to come in and help clean around the house and I wanted to try something with her but I was always too chicken and didn't know quite how to get it started. Later, she went back to school, and it was too late but my mind would always wander back to making love to her, a younger woman. It was right about then that I began ordering porno videos and play things. 

I learned then that I was always turned on by lesbian scenes and more so when an older and younger woman and younger girl was in the scene. My mind would always stray back to college age girls and I found myself thinking more about my friends daughters more than the ladies I had invited over for tea. At first I was ashamed of my behavior but I later came to grips with it and accepted my fetishes.

When I go to the local library or the mall and see all those young woman, it's frustrating that I can't act upon my desires. Living in a college town and a small town at that, doesn't help the situation either. 

So when I first saw you at the rest area, I started to think about my masturbation fantasies and I considered the idea. Driving in the car and watching you today had my mind going crazy. I never expected to ever be with another woman or a young girl for that matter until I met you and then I saw a possibility. 

"That's an amazing story!" I said "When did you first think of seducing me?" I asked. Well after we met at the rest area and I asked you if you wanted to stick together, at that point I wasn't even thinking of seducing you. Not then. Not until we were on the road again driving and in my minds eye I began to explore the possibilities. I tried to set up scenarios that would put us in a situation. You wouldn't believe what this mind of mine thinks of! 

"You have no idea how wet I was thinking of you while I was driving Rose." Cindy said. I had no idea what to do or where to even begin. I've never seduced a woman before, Cindy explained. 

"I thought you were hitting on me in the restaurant today," I said, because you were open me and all the compliments you gave me that maybe I you wanted to get into my pants. 

"Rose I thought for sure" you had done this sort of thing before especially when you went along with sharing a room with me for the night." Cindy explained. "I was hoping that maybe, just maybe you might even make the first move. I was very uncertain if I should even try anything in case you were disgusted with the whole idea of a woman, an old perverted woman coming onto you, I didn't know what to think" Cindy said. 

"Well, I was pretty nervous at the pool" Rose said, "and that I was hoping you would make the first move." I liked it when you flirted with me in the water and in the hot tub. 

"I almost gave up trying at first when you didn't respond." said Cindy. 

"By the time we reached the sauna, I was so confused about my feelings, I wasn't sure if I was reading your signals right or what." said Rose, "but by then, I was ready for anything." 

"When you stripped me during the message, I thought that was it. I guess you lost your nerve to go further" Cindy said, and so did I.

Your comments and suggestions are always welcomed.