 Janet and I wave a friendly "good bye" as our daughter is driven away by the mom of one of her buddies. Amie is going to study and do homework with her BFF Lisa all afternoon and has been invited to dinner too. It's 11:00am and Jan and I have an entire Sunday to ourselves until Amie is driven home around 7:00 this evening.

I wrap my arm around my darling wife's back, reach down, and pinch her ass. I turn my head and whisper in her ear, "Upstairs now slut, naked, and fetch your steel for me... NOW!"

Janet squeaks a tiny, "Eeep!" but instantly changes who and what she is for me.

"Yes my Mistress!" she murmurs sweetly with a smirk on her face, hurries into our home and up the stairs. I smile, casually closing our front door to follow.

After sauntering into our bedroom, I remove my sneakers, plain short socks, polo shirt, bra, jeans, as I watch my sweetheart frantically slip out of her pastel floral design sundress and pink flip-flops. I smile approvingly when I notice she had not been wearing a bra or panties. "She's must have been looking forward to this all week. She can hardly wait," I muse to myself.

Sliding smoothly onto the chair in front of the makeup table, the plain bit of foundation and demure makeup I wore to greet Amie's friend's mom is quickly augmented with heavy mascara and smokey eye shadow. Black cherry lipstick compliments the style nicely in my opinion. In my mirror I see Janet applying blue and cream eye shadow as fast as she can, standing using the mirror above her dresser. I highlight my eyebrows with a pencil while I see Jan starting to look more and more like the slut she wants to be for me.

I only need a little more to be the true "me." Ambling over to my dresser, I select a lovely under-bust leather corset, wrap it around my midriff, and start to pull the laces tight. After tying them, I just need my ankle strap stilettos from the closet and I'm ready.

As I finish buckling my black patent leather stilettos with the four inch heels, I see my slut hurrying to me, her arms full of shiny stainless steel. I can not resist smiling. She knew exactly what I meant by "your steel."

She kneels at my feet, legs spread wide, carefully placing two inch wide bracelets and anklets on the carpet. The collar is also two inches wide, a quarter inch thick, but that she handles more reverently, kissing it tenderly. Bowing her head, she offers it up to me with both hands over her head.

"Please take this wretched wench if you wish my Mistress," she whispers seductively.

Snatching it from her hands with my right hand, I lift her chin with my left. "Lift your hair slave," I command with a stern voice and strict expression on my face.

She complies immediately, raising her arms to gather her hair up, which lifts her breasts so nicely. "This is always so beautiful," I think, very pleased, unconsciously sucking in a small breath.

I close the collar around her neck. It clicks audibly, locking itself. She did not bring the key of course, which she is forbidden to touch and not available to her anyway. "It must be somewhere," I think, "I'll look later."

"Stay in that position slut," I order and pick up her bracelets. Just like the collar they lock when simply closed and have a ring dangling from a staple. Picking up her anklets, I walk behind her and close them around her dainty ankles. "Locked steel looks so exciting on her!" I mentally decide.

"You may lower your arms my slave. "Up! Fetch your leash, two short chains, and four small padlocks," I command.

She hurries to her dresser which contains lots of gorgeous restraints but no keys and returns to kneel at my feet. Her hands are quite full as she offers what I ordered to me above her bowed head.

"Stand slut," I bark rather forcefully, "Bend over and place your hands on my makeup table." She looks baffled but obeys, standing bent over, her hands still filled with chains and padlocks.

Reaching into my dresser drawer, I select a pair of latex panties, a pocket rocket, and a vibrating egg.

"Lift your right foot slave," I order and slip the panties over her foot. "Now your left," and I start to slide the panties most of the way up here legs, stopping short of her crotch.

Picking up the powerful little pocket rocket, I turn it on to a high speed and slide it along her slit. She moans and arches her back.

Running it around her clit makes her start to quiver and it's obvious she is becoming more and more aroused. I slide it into her pussy but only two times. She is sopping wet and has blossomed open like a flower. This only took a minute. As I pull it out, I notice the pocket rocket is dripping with her juices. I turn it down a little to a slow speed, more like a gentle tingle now than a fierce buzzing.

I smile as I wiggle the tiny pocket rocket into her asshole quite suddenly and with no warning of course. She jumps a little but does not dare break the position that I commanded. She knows better.

The vibrating egg has a control on a wire which is about three feet long. I set it to a medium low speed and wiggle the egg into her gaping cunt. Finally I pull the panties all the way up tight against her crotch. I can't resist patting her crotch. I just hold the remote in my other hand for the moment, letting the wire drape out of one leg opening.

"Stand up straight my slave and face me," I state rather calmly, "Hold your hands up near your collar

Her eyes are big, her bosom heaves, she's breathing heavily. I see her fingers twitch and imagine she'd very much like to lower her hands to her crotch but does not dare. I am quite pleased with her.

I make quick work of locking a one foot chain between her anklets and another to her bracelets that is looped through her collar ring first. Examining my handiwork, I note that she can walk in short steps and must hold her hands within inches of her collar. "Perfect!" I think, realizing that I'm becoming hot and very wet just looking at my slave/wife.

Snapping the leash on her collar ring, I command, "slave! HEEL!" I tug the leash, and she shuffles behind me in her short steps ready to follow me anywhere I choose. I feel a very pleasant twinge in my pussy and smile as I watch this and hear the jingling of her chains. I also feel a trickle of juices start to run down my thigh. "She'll tend to that soon enough," I conclude with determination.

Leaving our bedroom, I am careful to lead my slave down the stairs slowly. One foot of chain is just barely enough for her to negotiate the stairs, but then again it's not supposed to be easy for her. Besides, she's quite likely having trouble concentrating at this time.

She seems surprised when I lead her to my home office and sit at my computer. Wrapping the handle of her leash around the armrest of my office chair, I command her to kneel between my legs under my desk. I lay the control for her egg beside my right thigh. There's no way she can reach it.

Slithering forward to the edge of my chair, I am quite comfy with my cunt hanging out in the open. I select Literotica.com from my favorites and search for lesbian bondage stories.

"Now lick, kiss, and finger me my slave. I want constant non-stop pleasure and I will order an orgasm when I wish," I command dryly. "I may be here a few hours and you will pleasure me. I may be nice and turn your egg speed up or down depending on your work."

"Yes my Mistress," she whispers submissively as she begins to kiss my clit tenderly.

Since I try to be a good slave owner, I start to read the story I selected aloud...

"It was a dark and stormy night. Fortunately being completely encased in rubber keeps me safe...."