 Anita sunned herself by the pool, the bright sun kissing her body all over. Children laughed and screamed, splashing each other. Couples oiled each other's backs. Some people read tablets or ipads. Others read paperbacks. Anita smiled to herself. 

This was the best idea I've had in a while. I really needed this. Especially after Tom. 

The now familiar stir of anger threatened to ruin her good mood, so Anita forced herself to think about something else. 

Like what? That bitch Tracy who was supposed to be my friend? 

Anita's eyes stung with tears she swore she wouldn't cry. She'd wasted enough. This holiday was a chance for her to get away on her own, to heal and forget. She'd return home in a few days a stronger woman. She'd prepare herself for the worst. Would Tracy and Tom be together? Had they fallen in love, or was it just about a fuck? Anita had no idea how long her boyfriend and best friend had been sleeping together, and she didn't want to know. She'd told them both before she left that she wanted nothing to do with either one of them. She just had to make sure she was totally prepared for anything. 

But what if they are together when I go home? How will I cope seeing them together all the time? It's not like it could be avoided; she and Tracy worked together. To add insult to injury, many of her colleagues had known about Tracy's affair. Anita had found out by accident when she'd returned home early from a business meeting. Knowing how everyone would be talking about her, and the looks and gossip she'd have to endure when she returned made Anita want to punch something. 

I keep my head held high. I don't let them see any sign of weakness. It won't be long before something else happens and I'm not the hot topic anymore. Anita wondered if Tracy would leave the office, hand in her notice. She doubted it. Tracy had proven herself to be a hard-faced bitch. She's probably thriving on all the attention. 

Anita sighed and closed her eyes. She'd intended to enjoy this holiday in Tenerife. She'd told herself when she left that she was leaving the 'good' Anita at home. She'd planned on being a slut. There was no-one here she knew, no-one to tell. Problem was, there were no single men around. She'd picked the wrong hotel to stay in, apparently, as it was filled with young families. 

No matter. There was one waiter who worked the bar at night. His English was broken, but he was handsome and Anita had noticed his approving stare when she'd sat at the bar last night. You didn't need to talk to fuck. 

Anita smiled slightly, then cried out, startled by the sudden voice so close to her. 

"May I join you?"

Anita opened her eyes and saw a young blond women bent over her. Anita smiled. "Of course." She didn't want this stranger to join her, she wanted to be left alone. But, she didn't want to be rude.

"Thanks. I hadn't intended on there being so many families here. I thought there'd be a few cute men around."

Anita smiled and sat up. Trying not to be obvious, she observed the other woman. She appeared to be around the same age as Anita, about mid-twenties. Her body was to die for. Though Anita suspected the large breasts spilling out of the string bikini top were fake, they were nicely shaped. Her whole body was nicely shaped. Lean and curvy.

"I'm Rachel," the woman said, offering her hand. 

"Anita." She smiled and shook Rachel's hand. 

Rachel lay on the sunbed beside Anita and smiled warmly. "So what brings you here alone?"

"How do you know I'm alone?"

"You arrived a day after me. I've seen you around. In fact, if I'm not being too nosy, I believe we have something in common."

Anita raised her eyes and looked at Rachel. "We do."

Rachel nodded solemnly. "Bad breakup?"

Anita raised her eyebrows. "How did you know that?"

Rachel shook her head sadly. "Takes one to know one."

Anita nodded. She felt a little uncomfortable, exposed. Was everyone who saw her thinking the same thing. Did she look like a lonely sad woman being here by herself? 

"Don't worry about it," Rachel assured her. "I'm just very perceptive."

The two women smiled at each other, and Anita noticed just how pretty Rachel was. 

"So you've just broken up with someone, too?"

Rachel nodded. "Yep. No better cure for a broken heart than some quality time in the sun."

As Rachel spoke, Anita observed her more closely. She was a really beautiful woman. The fact that someone who looked like her was experiencing the same relationship problems made Anita feel a little better. 

"There isn't much to rebound with around here though, is there?"

Anita laughed. "I was just thinking the same thing. No matter though. It would've been nice, but it's not the main reason I came here."

Rachel looked at her. "Do you need to talk about it?"

Anita smiled. "Thank you. But I'm okay."

"Good." Rachel smiled and sat up. "Because I have something I think you'll be interested in."

"Really? What's that?"

Rachel shrugged one shoulder. "I'm a saleswoman, of sorts. 

"What do you sell?"

"I couldn't tell you here." Rachel looked around. "And I couldn't show you. Do you want to come to my room?"

"Now?"

"No time like the present."

A ripple of uncertainty shot through Anita. What was happening? Was Rachel trying it on with her? Anita frowned at Rachel, considering her options. Did Rachel want to hurt her? Rob her? Or was she really trying to sell her something?

"You don't have to be scared of me," Rachel said softly.

Hearing the words from Rachel made Anita laugh a little. "I'm sorry. I've just never had a woman approach me like this."

"I just sell certain products I think you'd be interested in. That's all."

Anita locked eyes with Rachel, then nodded. "You aren't going to pester me to buy something, are you?"

"Believe me," Rachel said with a laugh. "This baby sells itself."

Her curiosity aroused, Anita stood when Rachel did and gathered her belongings. 

"What floor are you on?" she asked Rachel, following her to the lift and trying not to stare at her perfect arse. 

"Fourth. And you?"

"I'm on the third."

The lift ride up was a little uncomfortable. Anita didn't know what to say and Rachel rummaged through her large handbag, perhaps looking for her room key. Grateful when the lift stopped and the doors opened, Anita followed Rachel down the long hallway.

"This is a nice hotel, isn't it?" Rachel asked, stopping in front of a door and inserting her key into the lock.

"Yes, it's okay," Anita answered. She was beginning to regret coming up here with Rachel and wished she was still lounging by the pool downstairs. She followed Rachel inside and closed the door behind her. 

"Make yourself comfortable. I'll be right back."

With a smile, Rachel vanished inside a bedroom, so Anita made her way to the sofa and sat down. This room was identical to hers, save for the clutter. Rachel apparently wasn't very tidy. Hoping she wouldn't take too long, Anita was glad when Rachel walked back into the room. In her hand, she carried a black canvas bag. 

"I'm hoping you'll be as taken with this product as I am. Along with my other clients."

Intrigued despite herself, Anita shifted and faced Rachel when she sat down beside her on the sofa. 

"Not only is this baby a stress buster, but it's the best cure for the man blues that you could wish for. You won't find yourself needing a man once you have this baby in your life."

Anita raised her eyebrows. What on earth could be in that bag that fixed man troubles. With a smile, Rachel reached into the bag...and pulled out a pink vibrator. A blush coloured Anita's face and she lowered her head. 

"I promise you; all 7-inches of this baby does what a man claims to be able to do, and more."

"I...I..."

Rachel looked at Anita. "You have used one before, haven't you?"

Anita shook her head, too embarrassed to look at Rachel. 

"Oh sweetie. No wonder you're so bummed out about your guy. I promise you, this thing will solve all your problems in one. And all for the price of thirty pound."

"I think I should be going now."

Anita tried to stand, but Rachel gently placed a hand on her thigh. Anita was suddenly aware she was almost naked in her string bikini.

"There's nothing to be ashamed of, Anita. Really. It's healthy and natural. Would you like me to show you how to use it?"

Anita looked at Rachel. "And how would you show me that?"

Rachel leaned in and kissed Anita softly on the lips. Anita leaned back, startled. Under her shock lay a tingle of arousal. 

"I'm a good teacher," Rachel said. She leaned towards Anita. Anita remained rigid. A part of her wanted Rachel to kiss her again, but the other part was afraid. She wasn't attracted to women, she liked men. She never looked at another woman that way. When Rachel pressed her lips against Anita's, she kissed her back softly. In that moment, Anita couldn't remember a time when she'd felt this much arousal from a kiss. She jerked back.

"I'm sorry. You're very beautiful. But I've never been with a woman, I'm just not attracted to other women that way."

"It's okay. You don't have to do anything. Just relax and allow me to show how much pleasure me and my little friend here can give you. You just enjoy it."

When Rachel kissed her again, Anita kissed her back hungrily. She was so turned on, but there was a little shame mixed in there. Surprisingly, that added to the pleasure. Rachel held Anita's face in her hand as she kissed her. Slowly, that hand made its way down her arm. When she rubbed Anita's breast, Anita gasped. Ending the kiss, Rachel smiled at Anita. Holding her hand, she pulled Anita to her feet. 

"Hold this," she whispered, giving Anita the vibrator. Softly, Rachel touched Anita's breasts, moving her fingers slowly over the hardened nipples. Anita bit her lower lip, keeping her eyes on Rachel's. Smiling Rachel stepped closer and wrapped her arms around Anita's back. Anita gasped as Rachel removed her bikini top and dropped it to the floor. 

The two women kissed, deeper this time, touching their tongues together. Rachel moved her hands down Anita's sides and tugged at the strings tied over her hips. Anita whimpered when her bikini bottom fell away. She was now completely naked with another woman, holding a vibrator in her hand. Rachel leaned away from her.

"Are you okay?"

Anita nodded. 

"Brace yourself, baby. I'm gonna show you the time of your life."

Rachel kissed her deeply, passionately, running her hands up and down Anita's back. She moved one hand to the front, her fingers finding the clitoris and rubbing it gently. Anita moaned and began to writhe on Rachel's fingers. 

"You like that?" Rachel whispered in her ear. Anita nodded, gasping and moaning. Clutching Anita suddenly, Rachel spun her around and pushed her on the sofa.

"On all fours," she said forcefully, and Anita followed orders. 

When Rachel sank to her knees behind her, Anita gasped, already anticipating what was to come. Rachel began to nibble on the back of Anita's thigh. "You gonna come hard for me, baby?" Rachel asked between nibbles. "You gonna come in my mouth?"

"Yes," Anita gasped. 

Rachel breathed heavily, mere centimetres from Anita's pussy. "You want me to lick it? You want me to put my tongue in here?" She breathed again.

Anita cried out. "Yes, please. Lick my pussy. Please, lick my pussy."

The feel of Anita's tongue gently probing her clitoris sent a shockwave of pleasure rippling through Anita's body. She arched her back as Rachel spread her buttocks and buried her face in her dripping wet centre. Anita cried out in pure pleasure. She'd never had her pussy licked like this before. Truth be told, she usually got a little bored during oral sex. Clearly women were better at it than men and, surprisingly, Anita could feel her orgasm building already. 

"You're gonna make me come," she groaned, her body tingling with pleasure. Rachel moaned and licked her pussy harder. Knowing Rachel was enjoying this as much as she was heightened Anita's rapture. She arched her back. "Oh, that's it. Right there. I'm coming! I'm coming!"

The most powerful orgasm she'd ever experienced took Anita's breath away. She shuddered, she gasped, she writhed. Just when she couldn't take anymore, Rachel leaned back and Anita lowered her head. Before she could catch her breath, Rachel slid the tip of the vibrator inside her. Anita cried out, shocked and delighted. She hadn't even seen Rachel pick up the vibrator. In and out, slowly and purposely teasing with only the tip. As Anita gasped and moaned, Rachel rubbed Anita's back with her free hand. 

"You want that big cock inside you?" she purred. "You want it all?"

"Give it to me," Anita gasped, pushing back. When she pushed back however, Rachel moved back.

"Don't you like me teasing you, baby. Do you think you can handle all the cock?"

"Give it to me, you bitch!" Anita blurted, aware on some level that she'd never been an aggressive lover. 

Rachel laughed, rubbing Anita's still sensitive clit with the tip of the vibrator before dipping the tip inside her.

"Please, give it to me," Anita begged.

"Are you a bad girl? Do you need to be punished?"

"Yes, yes," 

Anita screamed when Rachel thrust the full length of the 7-inch vibrator inside her. She moved in time with Rachel's hand. It was filling her up, deep inside, touching her in a place she'd never been touched before. Rachel pushed the vibrator in deeper and began to move in a circular motion. Anita gasped and writhed. "So deep," she gasped through gritted teeth. "So deep."

The orgasm hit her so suddenly she was unable to prepare for it. The world and everything in it melted away in one sweet rush as wave after wave of pure rapture washed over her again and again. 

"That's it, you little slut," Rachel purred. "Come for me."

Before Anita could recover from one of the most powerful orgasms she'd ever experienced, Rachel pushed her over. 

"On your back and spread your legs, you little slut," she ordered.

Anita followed orders, sprawling on her back and spreading her legs. "I don't think I can take anymore," she gasped. 

Smiling, Rachel sank to her knees in front of the sofa and tugged on Anita's hips. Anita moved closer to the edge of the sofa cushion, then tumbled back when Rachel grabbed her legs and spread them wide. Before Anita could react, Rachel buried her face in Anita's pussy once again. Anita cried out and shuddered, believing she could be suffering with pleasure overload. Seeing Rachel's head buried in her dripping pussy sent stronger tingles shooting through Anita's body. When Rachel shoved the full length of the vibrator inside her and turned it on, Anita screamed her loudest scream yet. 

Rubbing Anita's clit with her thumb, she fucked Anita hard with the vibrator before burying it deep inside, watching the look of pained ecstasy on Anita's face. Anita didn't think she'd be able to come again, but her body proved her wrong.

"Come on, baby," Rachel urged. "One more time, you filthy little slut."

Anita screamed and jerked, shuddering and trying to push Rachel's hands away. 

"You want me to stop?" Rachel asked, beginning to move the vibrator inside her. 

"Stop, please."

Rachel smiled and stood. She left the room briefly before returning with a towel. When Anita could move, she wiped her body down with the towel and took the glass of wine Rachel was holding out to her. Sometime later, when Anita was capable of speech, she and Rachel negotiated a price for the vibrator. 

They also arranged a date for the following night, since Rachel expressed an interest in fucking Anita again. 

That night, curled up in bed, Anita was satisfied and happy. 

As for Tom and Tracy? Fuck them. 

The End.