 She kissed me again and our tongues met. My clit began to throb. She took my other hand and we stood up and began to kiss more passionately. She leaned against the wall and I fell into her arms and our breasts pressed together and she kissed my neck as she wrapped her legs around mine. I'd never felt such lust in my life; all I wanted to do was have sex with this girl. I cradled her head in my hands as she licked down my neck and began sucking my left nipple. I moaned. She looked up at me and we kissed again. Then she turned me around and I leaned over and put my hands on the wall. She spanked my ass and then put her hand between my legs and spread them. She began massaging my clit as I bucked and moaned. She spanked me again. "Shhhhh," she said. "We have neighbors."

"I don't care," I said.

She rubbed harder and then took my hair with her other hand and pulled. I moaned again and she spanked me again. I could feel it getting closer. She could feel it too and put her hand over my mouth as I came, my legs shaking as she put her fingers inside me, our bodies drenched with sweat, my pussy throbbing as she took her hand away from my mouth and put her arm around my waist and held me as I shook, her body pressed against mine, her fingers still inside me, sweat pouring down my legs and back, mixing with hers. I picked her up and carried her into the bedroom and threw her down on my bed. 

I pulled out my strap-on and turned and looked at her. She was lying on my bed expectantly, with her legs spread, caressing her perfect tits, smiling at me as she played with her pussy. Her skin was glistening and I could see her abs rippling as she writhed on the bed, her perfect feet pointing in my direction. Her whole body seemed to be waiting for me, wanting me, craving me. I couldn't wait to have my way with this beautiful creature. I wanted to fuck her from every position possible and lick every inch of her smoking body. I put my cock on the harness and spread some lube around it and walked slowly to the bed. She patted the spot next to her and I lay down. We began kissing and she played with my cock, taking the lube from me and spreading it around the tip and shaft and then pouring some on herself and rubbing it around and inside her pussy.

"Be gentle," she said. We looked at each other and laughed and then I got on top of her and we kissed. I glided my cock between her tits and then she took it on her hand and began to lick the tip of it."

She let go of my cock and slowly guided it down to her dripping slit. I swirled it around her pussy lips and she gasped, then I rubbed it against her clit and she closed her eyes and her head fell back against the pillow. Then she spread her legs even wider and grabbed my ass with both hands.

I entered her and she moaned. I went deeper and began to fuck her with my cock. Her face contorted as she moved to my rhythm, wrapping her powerful legs around mine and letting me go deeper and harder into her. 

A gave her a look and she smiled her face in total ecstasy with each thrust of my cock. She put her arms around me and held me as I fucked her, kissing my face and neck, as we pressed our tits together and fucked. I pushed myself up and fucked her harder as she watched me, baring her teeth and pulling me down toward her, taking my tits into her mouth and sucking me. Then we changed positions. She turned around and grabbed my cock and led it into her dripping pussy, burying her head into the pillow as I fucked her from behind. She cried out as she got close and then there was no holding back as she came, her whole body contorting from under me as she rode my cock to orgasm. I lay on top of her, still inside her as she contracted around my cock, then I slipped my cock out of her pussy and fell down on the bed and we grinded into each other, sucking and licking our breasts. 

I felt so free with her and wanted every inch of my body kissed and licked as much as I wanted to kiss and lick every inch of hers. I took each of her breasts into my mouth and sucked, licking and biting the nipple, teasing them, swirling around them with my tongue, taking as much of them into my mouth as I could. She moaned and held me tighter, grabbing my ass and pulling me nearer, grinding me as we sucked and licked. Then we began to rub each other's pussies with our hands. She moved her hand over my labia, massaging my clit as I bucked and moaned, inserting one, then two fingers into my vagina and fucked me as she rubbed my clit with her thumb, I did the same, slowly fingering her as she begged me to go harder and we lay facing each other and kissing as we wringed each other into a explosive orgasm, writhing and moaning as we worked each other's pussies harder and faster, finally cumming and collapsing, laying on our backs exhausted and holding hands. She turned to me and smiled. "Feel good?" she asked.

"Yes."

We moved back together and kissed. "We're just getting started," she said. 

"I know."

She put put her hand on my ass and wrapped her leg around my waist. We kissed again and I got on top, grinding into her. I kissed around her neck and ears, sucking her earlobe and neck, then going down between her breasts and belly. "Eat my pussy," she whispered.

I spread her legs and kissed the inside of both of her thighs, going down her legs and then kissing her ankles. Then I glided my tongue down one calf, then the other as she breathed in and out, begging me to kiss her pussy. Then I kissed the inside of one thigh then the other as I came closer to her pussy, finally kissing it, taking it in my mouth and sucking on it with my lips and then gently nibbling on her clit with my teeth and then flicking it with my tongue as she bucked and moaned underneath me grabbing my hair my her hands. "Feels so good," she said.

I looked up at her and she took my face into her hands, pulling me toward her, kissing me and sucking on my tongue. 

"I want your pussy," she said. She pushed me down on the bed and we got into a 69, devouring each other's drenched pussies. As I licked the whole of her, she did the same. I grabbed her ass and put my tongue inside her, licking her, sucking on her as she did the same. My legs began to shake under her and I moaned as I got closer. She bucked as I licked her clit faster and harder and she buried her face in my pussy and soon we were cumming again, barely able to breathe, passing out from the absolute ecstasy of it all. When it was over we were barely able to move, slowly finding each other in the dark and holding each other close, our arms and legs tangled together, lips touching, kissing, crying.