 "Time is running out and there is still so much left to do! I'm kind of freaking the fuck out right now, Tony!" 

I'm on the phone with my contractor, Tony Genusa. He's been my right hand guy for the last 8 years. I'm currently in the middle of a massive renovation of a large home in the middle of the Windy City. This isn't new to me though, it's what I love to do and has become my full time job. This is the 50th house that I've bought and renovated in the last 8 years. The house just happens to be the largest home I've tackled. I usually do smaller homes in the suburbs, as they consistently offer a large profit and don't require a ton of work. This is the house I've been working towards though. A huge two story home with basement, in a very popular neighborhood in the heart of the city. The house was built in the late 1890's, and the years have not been kind to it. The roof leaks, the windows leak, the foundation has issues, several families of rodents have made their homes here, it's just a disaster. It's my disaster though and hopefully soon it will be someone else's beautiful home. It's been 8 months since the project started and we are nearing the finish line. I have 2 weeks until the open house, and while the list of items to complete is getting shorter, I'm still nervous. 

It's 6:00 pm on a Friday evening in April and spring is upon us. All work on the house is done for the night, and I'm here closing up and checking out the progress. I called Tony to go over the list of items we need to finish and to get an idea of the timeframe of getting them checked off. 

"Allison, in the last eight years, have I ever let you down?" He asks. 

"No, you haven't, and that's why you've been my guy for all of those eight years. I'm sorry, I might just be a bit overwhelmed by the scope of this job." I reply.

"Listen, don't worry about nothin', ya hear? I've got this. Don't worry your pretty little head. Go home, relax, drink a bottle or two of whatever, and relax." Tony advises. 

"I can't argue with advice like that!" i chuckle. "I'm sorry I'm freaked out. I trust you and I know this place will be perfect. Good night, Tony." I say as I end the call. 

I grab my bag and I'm out. I arm the alarm system, close the door and jiggle the handle to confirm it's locked. As I'm walking down the front steps, a red Ferrari pulls up and stops. I can't see in since the windows are tinted. The door opens and as the driver exits the car, I can't help but stare. 

She is gorgeous. I'm 5'6" and this woman is probably 5'8"ish, long, curly black hair that shines, warm mahogany skin that seems to glisten in the evening light, and a voluptuous body that is hugged by a sexy red dress that matches her car. I'm standing there staring as she walks up to me. 

"Hi, I'm Natalie, and I was wondering if you could tell me about this house?" she asks. 

"Uh, well, it's... uhm... Hi, I'm Allison and this is my house." I manage to stutter out, surely sounding like an idiot. 

"Oh, I noticed the realtor sign in the yard and I assumed it was on the market, but perhaps I was mistaken. It's a beautiful home. Sorry to bother you...Allison." she replied with a hint of sorrow. She turned to walk away. 

"Wait!" I hurriedly announced. "Yes, it's for sale, well, it will be. I bought it 8 months ago and have been renovating it to sell." I inform her. 

"Oh!" She exclaims as she raises her perfect eyebrows. "Do you have plans to put it on the market soon?" she inquires. 

"Two weeks. I'm going to have an open house. It should be on a Saturday." I reply. 

"Well, I will have to mark my calendar then!" she says excitedly. "Will you be there?" she asks as she reaches out and touches my arm with the tips of her fingers. 

"Of course I will! I'd love to see you there. I'll even give you the grand tour!" I tell her as I feel goosebumps cover my arm from her delicate touch. 

"Hmmm, I'd like that. I'm sure you're quite the tour guide." she said slyly as she shot me a grin. 

"I might even wear my good work boots." I jokingly reply as I hold up my boot clad foot. That elicits laughter from both of us. I couldn't help but notice how beautiful she is when she laughs. 

"Allison, I'm sure you would look stunning no matter what you did or didn't wear," she replied. 

Her statement took me a second to process and I wasn't sure how to respond. Thankfully, I didn't have to. 

"I've taken up enough of your evening. Thank you for being so gracious to spend the time talking to me. I'll hopefully see you in a few weeks, beautiful Allison...unless I see you sooner." Natalie stated as she softly squeezed my arm and trailed her fingers off as she turned and walked to her car.

I stood there staring again as the red Ferrari roared to life and Natalie sped away. The situation left me confused but intrigued at the same time. I definitely needed to stop by the liquor store on my way home. 

I arrived at home, six pack in hand. That's right, I'm a craft beer girl! I popped open one of my favorite IPAs, started filling the bathtub, and undressed. The hot bath was going to feel so damn good. As I stood looking at myself in the mirror, my mind filled with thoughts of my encounter with Natalie this evening. "Beautiful Allison" I believe is what she called me. I suppose I wasn't bad looking. My long flowing red hair sure attracted attention. I loved my blue eyes, the splash of freckles across my face made feel young, and I was exceptionally proud of my body. I busted my ass in the gym on a regular basis to stay looking like this. Yeah, lifting weights helped with the physical aspect of working on all my home renovations, but I also loved the way it filled out my curves. Squats kept my thighs and my ass looking good and bench presses helped keep my breasts perky at 30 years of age. Speaking of curves, Natalie sure could fill out a dress. Her husband must feel like the luckiest guy on earth with her by his side. 

Standing there lost in my thoughts, my hands were roaming over my own nude body. I lightly tugged at my now aroused nipples and slid my hands down my flat stomach, one hand slid around to my tight, round ass while my other raked through my trimmed patch of fiery red pubic hair. Without even thinking my fingers traveled down and slid between my now slippery, delicate lips and teased at my entrance. Holy shit I was wet!

Wet! Fuck, I forgot about the filling tub! I quickly spun around and luckily got the water shut off in time. I set my towel on the towel rack and submerged myself into the water. The heat felt wonderful on my aching muscles, and I started to instantly relax. It didn't take long for my fingers to find their way back to my nipples and my pussy though. I ran a finger along my slit, stopping to tease my little clit, then slid a finger inside myself. I plunged my finger in and out slowly as I my other hand worked my nipples. I pulled my other finger out and started circling my clit. I built up speed as the unmistakable feeling of release increased. After a few more strokes, a rather powerful orgasm flowed through my body. Fuck, I needed that! I've been neglecting my sexual needs for the last several months. I really need to stop doing that. God, I feel so relaxed now. I take a drink of my beer, and let my body go limp as the heat from the tub continues working its magic. I realize about 30 minutes have passed and I figure I'd better get out and eat something. I don't bother to dress after drying off. What's the point, I live alone and I'm not expecting any visitors, plus I'm feeling pretty damn good right now. I throw together a salad, down another couple of beers while watching tv, and decide to call it a night. I'm out almost as soon as my head hits the pillow.

I wake with a gasp as I sit up quickly in my bed. I'm breathing heavy and feel a little disoriented in addition to being extremely turned on. My dream has me feeling confused and a little embarrassed. It felt so real, but I'm not sure why I was even dreaming about Natalie. We are out on the front sidewalk of my current reno property, just like we were last evening. Natalie and I are laughing and talking and she reaches out and puts her hand on my arm. Our conversation stops and I look into her eyes, they are green in my dream. I don't remember noticing her eyes during our conversation. Anyway, we look into each other's eyes and she leans in and kisses me. Her soft, full lips press into mine and I melt with desire. I feel her slide her tongue out and just as I part my lips to meet her tongue, I realize we are kissing outside where anyone can see. I panic and that's when I woke up. Really, dreaming of kissing a woman? I'm definitely not against being gay, because some of my very best friends are gay, but I've never had thoughts like this before. I was married for 8 years to a man for crying out loud! Of course he was a jealous asshole who thought I was fucking every contractor and tradesperson working at my houses, so he divorced me. So now I'm living alone in what used to be our home. 

It's now one o'clock in the morning and I need to get back to sleep. I lay my head down on the pillow and close my eyes. I toss and turn but I can't get comfortable. I keep thinking of my dream of kissing Natalie. The wetness between my legs isn't helping matters much either. I try to shut everything out of my head for about twenty more minute but I've made no progress in finding sleep. Fuck it. I throw the covers off, reach over into my nightstand drawer and fumble around until I find it- my trusty but lately neglected dildo. Maybe the feeling of it spreading me apart a filling me up will help quell these crazy thoughts. I slide it into my wet, aching center and soon I'm moaning as a powerful orgasm rips through me. I toss my "lover" to the side and drift off to sleep. 

I roll over and glance at the clock next to my bed. Fuck! It's 9:00 am! I'm usually up at 6! I feel great though. I must have really needed the sleep. I grab a quick shower to clean my intimate areas mainly and decide to head to the gym for a healthy workout. I stop for a coffee and a small breakfast, and drive to my local gym. As I pull into the parking lot, I spot it almost immediately- a bright red Ferrari. No fucking way. My heart starts beating a little bit harder and my mouth is dry. I park my car and try to focus on why I'm here. I grab my gym bag and head to the entrance. I'm walking up the sidewalk to the front doors when out walks the object of last nights dream. She looks just as beautiful as she did the night before. Tight white leggings and a white hoodie. Her hair is pulled back in a pony tail with a few strands framing her face. Her thighs look firm and thick and her ass is testing the stretch of her leggings. 

"Allison! What a pleasant surprise!" she exclaims as she walks towards me. 

When she reaches me, she holds out her arms for a hug. I know I shouldn't, but I can't help it. I give her a quick, friendly hug and notice that she smells exquisite. 

"Natalie, good to see you!" I reply, hoping I don't act or sound awkward. "I didn't realize you came here? How have I never seen you before?" I question. 

"I just moved here about a month ago", she informed me. 

"It's a shame that I just finished. I'd have loved to work up a sweat with you," she stated. 

I'm sure my pale cheeks were bright red now. 

"Well, I'm sure we'll have other opportunities to get our blood pumping together," I carelessly replied. 

Where in the hell did that come from? Did I just say that...out loud?! I thought to myself. 

"Mmm, I hope so, beautiful Allison," Natalie countered, with a strange look in her eyes. 

There it was again- "beautiful Allison." I didn't know what to say. I could only stare at her. 

"It was a pleasure seeing you again, Allison. I do need to get going, unfortunately. Have a great workout and maybe our paths will cross again soon," she said with that same look in her eyes. 

"Perhaps, Natalie. Perhaps." was all I could say

She walked away as I just stood there. I turned and watched as she walked away. She looked back and our eyes met. I watched her take a quick glance up and down my body, she bit her bottom lip, then she lowered her eyes and turned away. This was going to be a difficult workout. 

I pounded out rep after rep and tried my best to forget about Natalie. I was mostly successful and ended up having a rather excellent session. I showered and changed. I had some errands to run, so I went about my day. I needed to purchase a few pieces for my latest renovation, I met with my realtor for lunch and we discussed a few more properties, I even took some time to do a little shopping for myself. It was a great day and that night I had no trouble falling asleep. 

The same dream came to me that night. While it didn't jolt me awake as it had the previous night, it still had the same effect on me. I brought myself to another strong orgasm and slept like a baby the rest of the night. 

It had been a little over a week since I ran into Natalie at the gym, and I hadn't seen her since. The dreams stopped and life was back to normal for the most part. Work on the house was almost done, just as Tony promised, but it was still a hectic time. My days were early and my nights were late. I had stayed late at the house with a crew of guys and gals almost every night. Tasks were being checked off left and right, and I was staging rooms as they were completed. Things were looking like we would be done on Thursday, so the Saturday open house deadline wouldn't be an issue. I was in such a great mood! I told the crew to quit early that afternoon and enjoy the gorgeous spring evening. A handful of the crew told me they were going for drinks and that I should join them. We settled on a time and location so I ran home to clean up before meeting them. Now, I don't date anyone that I work with, and it's only been an issue one time. These guys, and girls, know and respect that we've been working together for 8 years and have a strong bond. This was just a good time with good friends. I arrived at the bar around 8:00 pm and we grabbed a large table for the 10 of us and drank and laughed for the next few hours. After a while, people started leaving. I sat at the table with the few remaining of our group, and I decided I was going to finish this beer and head home myself. 

"Boo" was whispered into my ear. The softness of her voice and the brush of her lips against my ear sent tingles right to my core. I knew exactly who it was by her scent and my heart instantly started beating fast and I could feel myself trembling with a mixture of excitement and nervousness. 

"I didn't want to bother you while you were with your friends, but I would have felt bad if I didn't say hello," Natalie spoke. 

I turned my head to look at her. Her eyes were green, just like in my dreams, and they were mesmerizing. I couldn't help the smile that washed over my face. What in the hell was going on with me and this woman?

"Well hello... gorgeous Natalie." I teasingly replied, my thoughts betraying me. I'm sure several beers didn't help either. 

We both giggled at my little play on her name for me. She nonchalantly put her hand on my arm and her touch felt wonderful. Her skin was so soft and warm and it felt comfortable to be so close to her. 

"Gorgeous Natalie, huh? Well, if you say so...beautiful Allison," she said with that same look in her eyes that she had at the gym. 

"Listen, I know it's getting late, and I noticed you were all leaving, so I'll be quick... would you like to meet for coffee in the morning? I had a meeting that was postponed by a few hours, and I really don't know anyone here other than my coworkers. I'd love to have some company." She asked. 

Maybe I was getting my signals crossed about her? Maybe she's just looking for a friend. She said she was new to the area, so perhaps she just has a strange way of meeting people. Or perhaps...

"I'd love to!" I said eagerly. 

Natalie smiled and squeezed my arm. We agreed on a place and time and she went to rejoin her group, who I assumed were coworkers. 

I arrived home about 30 minutes later. I was excited to meet Natalie tomorrow but confused about how I felt about it. While the way she acted and made me feel was new and exciting, it also caused me some inner turmoil. Why did I feel like this about another woman? Then it hit me. Because I'm fucking lonely. I've been divorced for 5 years. I've been on two shitty dates in that time period and the rest of my life is work, gym, home. Yeah, I've got dozens of people around me all day, but I come home alone. Up until I met Natalie, I didn't even take the time to masturbate. I'm fucking pathetic. I went to bed feeling pretty sad and the feeling of loneliness hit me hard. I hoped that meeting Natalie in the morning would help my mood. 

Morning arrived and I drove to the coffee shop to meet Natalie. I didn't see her telltale red Ferrari so I went in a procured us table. After waiting a few minutes, I heard the unmistakable sound of her car arriving. She walked in looking just as gorgeous as always. Today it was a light blue dress that hugged her curves just like the red dress she was wearing when I first met her. Her hair was down and her flawless, mahogany skin shimmered. 

"Yay, you made it!" She exclaimed as she walked up to the table. All eyes were on her as she sat down across from me. 

"I thought maybe you were going to skip out on me!" I exclaimed. "I've been waiting two whole minutes, I'll have you know!" I jokingly added. 

"Sorry. I hate to make a bad impression on our first date," she replied in jest. 

We ordered our coffee and began our conversation. 

"So, tell me about yourself, Natalie. You said you moved here a little over a month ago but, what brought you here? I assume you live in the area and I hear you might be looking for a house?" I enquired. 

"Well, I lived in New York where I worked for a software company. My ex husband was in upper management of the company. I met him there, thought I was in love, got married, and things were great for a while. Then work got in the way. He was never home, always gone on trips here and there. I got very lonely. I started talking to someone at work, just friendly conversations at first, then going out and spending lots of time together and things got out of hand. I slept with my coworker. My ex came home early and found us in bed together. Needless to say, he flipped out. We got divorced and I pursued a relationship with my coworker. We were an item for about a year and I was seriously happy. My ex husband found out that my new partner worked for a contractor for our company. He went after both of our jobs and my partner left me. My ex husband ended up getting me fired. I worked for a few other companies for the last year and a half but decided I needed to get away. As large as New York is, it's still too close to him. So now I have an apartment a few blocks away, and I'm head of development for a software company here. I'm making way more money, and I love the city. So, yes, I'm looking to buy a house and settle down." She explained. 

"Wow! You've been on quite the ride the last few years!" I responded. 

"You could say that", Natalie replied "Now, tell me about yourself, beautiful Allison!" She enthusiastically added. 

"Why do you call me beautiful Allison?" I immediately asked. 

"Because, silly woman, you are beautiful. Duh!" was her retort. 

"Well, that's arguable," I replied. You'd think I'd have more success in my love life if I was so beautiful," I stated. 

"Maybe you have and you just don't realize it," was her response. "Now, on with your story!" She demanded before I could process what she said. 

"I'm Allison, 30 years old, and single," I jokingly began. "I restore old houses and sell them for profit. I'm divorced. I was married for 3 years. The problem began when I started flipping houses. I found a great contractor with a great crew, and used them exclusively. My ex husband swore I was fucking every guy on the crew, and divorced me. Just like that. We don't have any kids together so we split our stuff and went our separate ways. Now I'm living in our old house, alone. I've dated two times in the last 5 years and they were both only looking for a one night stand. Pretty pathetic, huh?" I added as I finished my story. 
