 Thank you for all the positive responses to my first story! I wasn't sure how well my first foray into writing erotica would be received. The response has been very encouraging. I hope you all enjoy the second and final chapter to my little story. 

*

I'm laying in bed, crying uncontrollably, with tears streaming from my eyes. My lover, Natalie, is consoling me. My naked body is being held in her arms. Tears are running down her cheeks as well. 

"No! Allison! I'm so sorry. I shouldn't have pushed you so soon. I was selfish and I should have controlled myself." Natalie lamented. "I let my desires take over and now look at you. You're a mess and its all my fault." she continued as her tears mixed with mine. "I should have told you I had feelings for you first but I.."

"Natalie, stop!" I interrupted. "Shh, please listen to me," I said as I cupped her face in my hands, my thumbs wiping the tears from her cheeks. 

"These are tears of joy. The way you have just made me feel...it's unlike anything I've ever felt before." I assured her. 

The orgasm Natalie had just given me was the most intense and erotic sexual experience of my life. Waves of pleasure ripped through me and rocked me to my core. Just a few weeks ago I would have told you I was straight as an arrow. I had never felt anything for another woman other than close friendship. Since my divorce, I had been unknowingly suppressing any romantic or sexual feelings I had. I just didn't make time for it anymore. I focused on my work and things seemed to be going fine.

Now I had all of those pent up emotions unleashed in one glorious moment. It felt so freeing to have that release and It caused me to lose control of my emotions. 

"Are you sure?" Natalie questioned. 

"Yes! Oh God, yes!" I exclaimed. 

"I felt so bad when you started crying and I just knew I fucked everything up." she stated. 

"Nat, I'm not going to lie and say I'm not confused, but trust me, I feel absolutely wonderful right now." I replied. 

The tears had subsided and we continued to hold each other's naked bodies. 

The feeling of Natalie's soft, warm flesh pressed against mine was heavenly. I let my hands explore up and down her bare back and Natalie let out a pleasant sigh as she nuzzled her head between my breasts. My hand traveled further and I felt that she still had on her sexy red thong. I let my fingers slide along the edge of her thong at her hip and down until it disappeared between her ample ass cheeks. My fingers grazed her crack before I grabbed as much of her fleshy globe as my hand could fit. Women's asses really do feel great in your hand! I teased my fingers under the edge of her panties and soon she was pressing her mound into my thigh. Natalie's fingers pinched my aroused nipples and sent jolts of pleasure to my now saturated slit. I pressed up into Natalie's body and matched her gyrations. Our breathing became heavier as we pressed harder into each other. Natalie trailed her fingers down to my soft, trimmed patch of red hair and let them dance through my curls.

"I absolutely adore your fiery bush." she whispered into my ear. 

I slid my fingers under the front of her thong, and where I expected to find hair, I discovered baby smooth skin. I let my fingers touch another woman's most intimate area for the first time, and it was wonderfully exciting! Her lips were slick and felt so delicate as my fingers slid between them. The heat from her pussy was incredible and it felt like it could sear my skin. I slid a finger inside of my lover and she moaned explicit reactions into my ear. 

"Oh fuck, Allison! I love you touching my pussy, baby. You don't know how bad I've wanted this," she whispered. 

"Take your thong off...please," I urged. 

My desire to see her bare sex was consuming me. We separated and I watched with bated breath as she lifted her hips and slid the lacy barrier down her legs. Oh my God! 

Her pussy was so beautiful and It made my heart ache just looking at her divine treasure. Her lips were several shades deeper than her skin and they glistened from her wetness. Natalie parted her legs wider and exposed just a hint of the bright pink of her inner lair. I reached my hands and they slid effortlessly over her silken skin. I used my thumbs to stroke each side of her delicate opening and then spread her open. I was mesmerized by the sight of seeing another woman like this, and judging by the sounds Natalie was making, she was very much enjoying my exploration. 

"Oooooh baby, your touch feels amazing!" she cooed between moans. 

"Take your time and only do what you're comfortable with, ok?" she added. 

Her patience was very welcoming and only made my desire for her greater. I stretched my legs out from under me and laid my body out on the bed in front of her. My head was now right between her spread legs. The scent of her arousal was like a drug and it consumed my senses. I leaned in and planted a soft kiss on her bare mound. Natalie gasped when my lips touched her. I continued with kisses on the sensitive skin around her sex before I pressed my lips onto her dripping pussy. I spread my lips apart and tasted her fragrant nectar for the first time. 

"Oh my...fuck...oh fuck.., Allison!" Natalie cried out as she pressed her sodden skin into my mouth. 

Her taste was thrilling and I swirled my tongue around her beautiful pussy to capture as much as I could. I ran my fingers up on her stomach, hips and thighs as I made love to her. Natalie slowly gyrated her hips as she whimpered while my tongue explored her depths. 

"Allison...I'm so close. Please...please baby." she pleaded. 

I licked over her clit several times before I pulled it between my lips. Natalie's fingers gripped my hair as she ground her pussy into my face. Her hips bucked hard and I felt her spasm as she went silent. A flood of wetness covered my mouth. She released my hair and collapsed onto the bed. I crawled up next to her and her lips found mine. We kissed and smiled at each other as we caressed each other's skin with our fingers. 

I closed my eyes and nuzzled my head into her chest as we laid together on the bed. No words were spoken. I felt her breathing return to normal as her fingers massaged my head. 

"Allison, are you ok?" She asked somewhat cautiously. 

"Yes." I replied. 

"Talk to me, please," she said. 

"What happens now, Nat?" I questioned. 

"What would you like to happen?" She enquired.

"I don't know. I've never done this before." I replied.

There was a long pause before I spoke again. 

"I'm tired, Nat." I confessed. "I know that may not be what you wanted to hear, but I'm fucking tired." You wore me out. This was all so much and...and... "

"Do you want me to leave?" Natalie asked with a hint of sorrow in her voice. "I should probably let you get home anyway." She continued. 

"No!" I hastily responded. "I don't want you to leave. Stay here with me tonight please. I'm ok, honestly, I'm just really tired." 

"Can we do that?" She asked. "Stay here, that is?"

"Well...yeah! This is my house after all." I explained. 

"Check this shit out!" I stated as I reached over and grabbed my iPhone. 

I opened an app and pressed a button. All the entry doors to the house and garage locked and the alarm was set. 

"When you're asking over a million bucks for a house, you have to have some cool toys!" I told her. 

We both laughed and found our way under the covers. Natalie embraced me from behind and we both fell asleep soon after. 

My eyes fluttered open and I felt Natalie's plump warm ass pressed against mine. I rolled over and raised my self up so I could admire her as she slept next to me. She looked so angelic. My mind wandered to thoughts of last night. I had absolutely no fucking idea what I was doing. Did I enjoy it? Immensely! Was I gay now? I had no idea. This was so alien to me. I knew how I felt about Natalie. I felt comfortable being in her presence. I really enjoyed having sex with her, but what if I still wanted a man? Did she expect that I would be a lesbian now? Did she expect us to be a couple? What was I supposed to tell my parents, my friends? Tears began to fall as I felt overwhelmed by everything. Natalie must have noticed because she sat up in bed and grabbed my hand. 

"Hey, what's wrong?" She asked. 

"I don't know." I sobbed. "I'm freaking out a bit." I said as I explained how I felt. 

"Allison. I don't expect anything." She assured me. "Here's the deal. From the moment I saw you, I was very intrigued. I new I had to get to know you." She confessed. "Last night was amazing and I hope you feel the same. We can take this however you want. If you don't want to see me again, then that is your choice. I would love to see where this goes, though. If you need space, I understand. You are a beautiful, strong, smart and funny woman, Allison. I would be overjoyed if one day you could call me your girlfriend. The choice is totally up to you. 

Natalie and I talked for the next hour. She explained that the coworker she had the affair with was the first woman she slept with and I was her second. She talked to me about how after her and her girlfriend broke up, that she tested the waters with another man but the thought of anything sexual with him turned her off. Talking with Natalie helped to calm my fears and it made me think about my recent lack of sexual interest and the thoughts I had about her after we first met. I was more at ease with the situation and the feelings I felt for Natalie were increasing. I leaned in to give her a kiss and she gladly accepted. We kissed and held each other's faces as we smiled. It felt wonderful to kiss her and I could feel my doubts subside with each one. 

"I've got an idea," I proposed. "There is a massive walk in shower behind us with several spray heads just begging to be tested out!" I said excitedly. 

I let Natalie go to the bathroom first and then it was my turn. I turned on the water and let it warm up. I found Natalie in the walk in closet, admiring all of the storage options I made available to a potential buyer. I grabbed her hand and led her into the shower. The water felt invigorating as it hit us from several different angles. Thankfully I had staged the bathroom with products, as to give it the lived in look. I wanted buyers to feel at home when they viewed the place. 

Natalie began by shampooing my hair. Her fingers worked into my scalp and through my long red mane. She then lathered up my body, leaving soapy mounds on my breasts before working down between my legs. She made sure every section of my body received a thorough cleaning. I could definitely get used to this! It was her turn to get scrubbed and I made sure I attended to every part of her. Once we were clean, we stood and let the water cascade over us. Natalie embraced me and our slippery bodies slid against one another. She kissed my neck and shoulders as her hands roamed my back. I slid my hands over her shapely hips and grabbed her ass. 

"We'd better get out before we get all dirty again." I teased. 

She stated that she actually had some things to get done today so we ended our shower and got dressed. We stood at the end of the bed and looked into each other's eyes. Natalie reached out to my hands and I laced my fingers between hers. 

"I had such a wonderful time with you last night." Natalie's said. 

"I did too." I replied. "Will you call me later?" I asked her. 

"Of course I will!" She responded. "Grab your phone and put my number in your contacts."

I grabbed my phone off the nightstand and noticed it was dead. 

"Shit." I uttered. "I guess I forgot to charge the damn thing yesterday. I think my charger is in the kitchen." 

Natalie reached for her purse and handed me one of her business cards. 

"Here is my number. Call or text anytime. No rush." She stated. 

"Ok. Expect to hear from me soon." I told her. "Let me walk you out." 

I grabbed her hand, gave her a kiss, and we walked down the stairs. As we descended the stairs, there were voices from the front room. As we made our way through the family room, Megan, my realtor, was walking into the kitchen. There was a middle aged man behind her who didn't notice us initially. 

"Oh! Well, good morning, Allison... and uh, friend?" Megan said questioningly. 

"Uh, hi Meg. What's going on?" I asked. 

"Well, I called you this morning but you never answered." She explained. "I'm showing the house."

"Yeah, my phone died last night." I confessed. 

I still had ahold of Natalie's hand and it was obvious by the way we were acting that we weren't just close friends. The confused look on Megan's face didn't register at first. The moment was interrupted by a strange voice. 

"Um, excuse me? What in the hell is going on here?" uttered the balding, middle aged man behind Meg. 

He had walked around from behind Meg and I noticed him divert his eyes to us- Two women with their fingers laced together, standing close like lovers, wet hair and our clothes obviously from the day before. A look of disgust appeared on his face. 

"This is the home owner, Allis..." Meg tried to explain as she was cutoff. 

"I thought you said the home was unoccupied?" declared the man. "And now I find out that the owner is...is... a fucking dyke?!" He roared. 

"No fucking way. Get me out of here. How disgusting!" he continued before he stormed out of the house. 

The three of us were stunned. I could feel tears begin to well up and I let go of Natalie's hand. I felt Natalie place her hands on my shoulders from behind. 

"I'm sorry, Allison." Natalie said with concern in her voice. "He's an asshole. Don't let him get to you."

"I'm fine, Nat." I replied as tears traveled down my cheek. "Really, I'm fine. Go. You have things to do today."

"I'm not leaving you like this." She declared. 

"I'm fine. Meg is here and that prick is gone." I assured her. 

"By the way, Meg, this is Natalie. Nat, this is Meg. She's my realtor." I explained as I introduced the two women. 

"Nice to meet you, Natalie. I'll take care of Allison. She's safe with me." Meg said assuredly. 

"Nice to meet you as well." Natalie replied. "Allison, please call me later." she said with a touch of nervousness in her voice. 

"Ok" I replied as I nodded my head. 

I leaned forward and held myself up against the island countertop. My head hung between my outstretched arms. I heard Natalie's footsteps lead towards the front door and then the door closed. I let out a long sigh then Meg spoke. 

"Allison, can you please tell me what's going on"? 

I took a deep breath, raised my head, and motioned to Meg to take a seat. 

"Ok..." I began as i tried to determine how much I should tell Meg. I decided to let her know everything, minus the sex. She never batted an eye as I explained my feelings for Natalie, told her all about my lack of interest in sex since my divorce, and my fears about dating a woman. 

"Allison, I've been your friend for how many years? 20? You've always seemed...uncomfortable, or maybe not totally invested in your relationships. The same relationships that have only been with men, I remind you. So forgive me if I don't seem totally shocked. It's obvious that you haven't been happy for a long time, but you looked absolutely radiant when I saw you this morning." Meg conveyed. "Maybe it was just amazing sex, no, I don't want to know...seriously, was it amazing sex? I'm curious!"

I couldn't help but laugh at her. I was feeling better and she definitely gave me some things to ponder. Of course I still hadn't answered her question. 

"Thank you, Meg. I love you...as a friend! But, if you ever want to know how it is..." I teased as her face scrunched up. 

"Uh, I think I'm good. Love you too, Alli!" she replied. "So, it's really that good huh?" 

"Oh my God, Meg. It's like nothing you can imagine." I confessed.

I pulled into my driveway at my house, well, the house I call home. I picked up my phone and dialed the number on Natalie's business card. The phone rang and rang but it went to voicemail. Fuck. Maybe she was still busy... or maybe she decided that I wasn't worth the hassle. Maybe she decided that she should find a woman who was sure about her sexuality. Fuck. I rested my head against the top of the steering wheel. I wondered what I'd do if Natalie decided to move on instead of giving me time to figure this all out. I was just about to let my thoughts get the best of me when a text came through on my phone. 

Is this Allison? The text read. 

Yes I replied. 

I'm in a meeting right now. Can't talk. Can we meet afterwards? She texted back. 

Yes! I sent back. 

You don't know how happy I am to hear from you! Was her reply. 

Just getting home. Getting clean clothes and waiting for you. I sent back. 

I went in the house and waited to hear back from Natalie. I got dressed in black leggings, a tight tank top, and a light pullover sweater. I looked over a few prospective houses to purchase and tried to occupy my time. About an hour later, Natalie sent me a text asking if we could meet and if I was hungry. I was starving and I wanted nothing more than to see her. We agreed on pizza and I gave her my address. I told her to park around back since I didn't have any parking out front. I waited on the patio for her. Soon her bright red Ferrari pulled in to my driveway. 

Natalie walked up with a pizza in one hand and a six pack in the other. She had on a cute yellow skirt and a body hugging white top. 

"I thought you could use a few beers." She said as I stood to welcome her. 

I led her inside and we decided that the couch would be the best place to sit and talk while we ate. 

"Is everything ok?" Natalie asked. 

"Yes. I'm sorry about earlier. I wasn't prepared for that and was caught off guard. I didn't mean to make you feel..." I tried to explain. 

"Shh, it's ok. I told you I understand and that I'm patient." She assured me. 

"Thank you." I replied. "I just... I'm confused right now. I don't... I hope... I can't even think straight." I stammered. 

"Tell me everything you're feeling, please." Natalie asked. 

"I...I'm lonely. I'm afraid that these feelings are just because I'm lonely and that you're the first person to show interest in me in a long time. But, I did go on two dates and I felt zero connection or desire. I meet you one time and my skin is tingling and I had dreams about you. Shit, I woke up from a dream and fingered my self while thinking about you. I saw you at the gym and couldn't speak because I was so...so...fucking mesmerized by you. You invaded my thoughts for days. I couldn't wait to see you for coffee and when I thought you wouldn't show for the open house, I felt myself getting sad. When you finally made it, my stomach was doing acrobatics and I couldn't think straight. Do you know that when we were in the foyer of my house, and our eyes met in the mirror, that my panties became drenched? I've never had that happen for anyone. No man has ever had that effect on me! Then... oh, my God, then when you fell back onto the bed... fuck. I was yours. You had me right then. I knew what I wanted to have happen. I was scared though. I always thought I was straight and yet there I was, consumed by desire for another woman. It was amazing. Fucking amazing. You're amazing.... I'm afraid I'll fuck this up. I don't want this to be a phase or an experiment. I want this to be real! The things I'm feeling... they're just so..."

I lunged forward and smashed my lips against Natalie's. The passion that ignited between us could have set the world on fire. Our bodies writhed against each other's. The tears had started halfway into my ramblings. Natalie's had started soon after. Now our faces were wet with tears and saliva. I devoured her neck as she moaned. Her hands tugged at my top as she struggled to get my tank top off. 
