 This is the third installment of the Requiem series. Any persons, places or things that are present in this story is in no way affiliated with me, regarding copyright, owning of music material portrayed, or anything like that. Now, after getting that little tidbit out of the way, enjoy.







"You're letting... all... cold... in! Close it! ... Now... before... window!"

I turned my head abruptly in the direction of the double doors where the music downstairs was drifting from, along with Meg as she pointed her finger at me. I could feel the wind caress my face like a lover, the icy fingers leaving goose bumps in their wake.

"What?" I strained to hear my close friend of ten years amongst the uproar of voices and music bellowing from the entrance to the lounge room. 

"Close... thing! The damn window, Sherron!" Meg called out as she shut the doors to the room closed. The latter words of her sentence echoed around the walls louder than they were intended with the welcoming silence.

"Oh." 

Without sticking my head outside the window for a second time that night, I observed the crowd below before pulling the glass panel down. The rubber cushioning the frame sealed the room in its comforting heat. As I latched the lock on the sill of the frosted glass, my head began to immediately pound. I sighed out of annoyance and Meg overheard it from across the room.

"You want to freeze then?" A pair of deep, blue eyes caught my gaze as she shot me a look over her shoulder. My lips thinned into a line as I rolled my eyes at her comment.

"Reoccurring headache. I think the temperature was helping." I pointed my thumb towards the window behind me as I made my way over to the bar Meg was now occupying. Two inches shy of six feet without the high heels, Meg Little's presence was definitely one of delight. Her cocktail dress was form fitting, particularly around her bust line, which left little to the imagination. The crystal blue eyes that swept over the bar were filled with a playful aura that matched her wicked sense of humor as she handed me a scolding mug of coffee. I accepted it with a mild sense of joy. 

I heard a snort of laughter and caught Meg giggling at me within my peripheral vision. 

"Something funny?"

"Well, it sure as shit isn't sad. You looked as though I gave you a lump of coal for Christmas."

This time I snorted as I sipped the coffee, burning my lips and tongue in the process. I seethed a curse and covered my mouth with a free hand. 

"Figures. I was laughing because I began reminiscing about that Christmas I spent with you and Chloe during junior year."

Meg cried out in astonishment as if she were experiencing a "Eureka!" moment. 

"Holy cow ...Wow, I have terrible spurts of loss of memory. I can't believe I forgot that! ...That... that was like eight years ago!" The chestnut brown hair that hung down to Meg's inner back swept back and forth with her persistent laughter.

"Ha ha ha! Oh my God, that's right! I did give you a lump of coal for Christmas. That was so funny! Well, Chloe thought it was a terrific comeback after you called her and I cheapskates the night previously. You didn't speak to us for the whole duration of the gift exchange! Don't look at me like that, you sourpuss. Holy shit, I remember now! When everyone in the commons was huddled around Jim Price throwing boxes with bows in all directions, one of them hit its mark on Allen's nose and broke it."

Looking around herself in astonishment, she covered her mouth with a spare hand and hushed, "That was when Chloe hopped on Allen's dick and played nurse with him the rest of the evening."

"Low and behold they're still together by some miracle." I quipped as the music downstairs blared once again, the bass vibrating the building.

"By some miracle? That is no miracle at all. Jim was a terrible Santa." The tall brunette said as she cradled her head in her hands out of embarrassment. 

"I've heard he was terrible in bed, too." I said with a smirk. Meg swatted me with the back of her hand and a stern look in her eyes until, finally, she relented with an exasperated sigh.

"So what, he was a Fine Arts major. What did you expect? He was tall, incredibly handsome and... he had the unfortunate characteristic of some men who don't study female anatomy at a young age." Meg leaned against the bar while cradling her glass of Rum and Coke to her lips.

"Yes, it is indeed unfortunate to not know where the clitoris is. And, to not possess intelligence, of course." I cleared my throat and added more insult to injury, "... And, to also not have had a girlfriend until the tender age of twenty-one."

Meg Little's eyes closed in frustration with an audible sigh. She pinched the bridge of her nose and shook her head.

"I can literally still remember him saying, 'Give me another thirty minutes and I'll have you hollering in no time.' Can you believe that?" Her hands fell from her face to her lap. "I said, 'You lost me within the first ten, what makes you think I'll be on board for another twenty minutes added to it?' At least now we finally all know why one of the most attractive men at our school never had a single woman by his side for more than a few weeks. What a waste of a beautiful body..."

"Sex addict." I said over the cup of coffee. Meg smiled at me with a mischievous twitch of her eyebrows.

"You can be a real cunt sometimes for someone who hasn't been laid in a few years." Meg countered with a challenging air. 

"Ouch... However, I am what I eat." I shrugged with a half smile. My grin fell as I thought more on her words, though. "Or used to eat. I wouldn't be surprised if someone thought I've switched teams by now."

"Alright, I'm not listening to another word. I'm too sober for this." She poured more rum into her glass as the ice cubes clinked in their imprisonment. 

"Easy for you to say. I can't indulge in a glass till after the performance." I glanced at the watch on my wrist immediately wishing that I had not. "Which will begin in the next twenty minutes. Fuck me." After having seen Veronica at the entrance of Energy moments ago, I was feeling less and less prepared as the minutes passed. 

Meg snatched her purse from the floor and began rummaging through its contents as several grooming items spilled onto the carpet. I saw an object hurtling towards me from Meg's direction as my hand shot upwards and caught it in midair. The phial nestled in the palm of my hand was packed to the brim with a green mass. I had barely finished uncorking the glass tube when the potent aroma of marijuana wafted through the air. Curiously, I flipped the phial 180° and my eyes followed the text along the edge of the label:

