 Allison was a 30 year-old private fitness instructor. Although her family didn't approve her career choice she loved her job and was a true professional. Allison's parents hoped that she'd choose to be a pianist because of her skills and a musical education, but she made her decision.

It was Monday, Allison had an appointment with her student, Jill. They had agreed over the phone to meet at Jill's place. Allison was always excited before meeting her new students and this was not an exception either.

The meeting had to take place at 7pm, Allison was on time. She was wearing a skirt over yoga pants. She had tried to wear only yoga pants before because a skirt wasn't practical but she discovered that everyone was staring at her perfectly shaped figure and it made her uncomfortable. No one regardless of their gender could resist the urge to check out her body especially her ass. 

Jill opened the door and saw Allison, a blue-eyed brunette with beautiful long hair. Jill had a boyfriend and was a heterosexual but she couldn't help but notice Allison's beauty. She smiled and said hi:

"Hello, you must be Allison, it's a pleasure to finally meet you! I have heard so much about you from my friends. I'm grateful that you found a room for me in your tight schedule."

"Hi Jill, so nice to meet you, I'm very excited! I'm sure you'll learn many things today and hopefully we're gonna have a lot of fun also."

Jill had just returned from her work. She was wearing black trousers, black suit and high heel shoes. She was working as a manager in an international law company so she had to look professional every day. She was wearing a clear lens glasses and a ponytail. Allison liked her student's dressing style very much, she also noticed Jill's perfect tan on her feet and a suddenly had a very strange thought: 

"I wonder what her toes look like inside those shoes." 

She couldn't explain why was she so interested in Jill's feet but couldn't figure out. She decided that it was because of her excitement, so what if she had a strange thought and didn't pay too much attention to it. Jill's soft tanned skin on her foot was indeed very attractive.

"Would you like some coffee before we start? I want to tell you about my exercise routine, I don't know if I'm doing it correctly," said Jill.

"OK, let's talk, I'm in no hurry," replied Allison. 

Soon she would find out that Jill's exercise routine was just fine because her body was breathtaking.

While Jill was making a coffee Allison saw a piano and started to play. Jill entered the room with two cups of coffees in her hands and was amazed by Allison's piano skills: 

"Wow, I love Chopin, you're so talented!"

"Thanks, Jill," smiled Allison and returned to the sofa. 

Jill started talking about her exercises but Allison had trouble listening to her. All she could think about was Jill's exquisite hands and her soft skin on her feet.

"What is wrong with me, I can't believe myself," thought Allison to herself. 

Allison didn't know what Jill had just said but told her, that she was doing a good job. Just after Allison answered, the door opened and Jill's aunt Gwen entered the room. Jill stood up to say hi to her aunt and Allison saw Jill's gorgeous ass, she wanted to caress it, kiss it, spank it, worship it! 

"No, this can't be real, I'm not a lesbian, I have to control myself," thought Allison. 

After Jill introduced her new fitness instructor to aunt Gwen she noticed that Allison wasn't feeling well:

"Allison, are you OK? You don't look so good, let me check your pulse."

As soon as she touched Allison's wrist the pulse became even faster.

"Your pulse is faster than normal," said Jill.

"I know what's reason, but please promise me you won't be upset," asked Allison. 

Jill had no idea what Allison was talking about but promised her anyway.

"Jill, I find you very attractive. Sexually. You're tan drives me crazy. I just want to lick your whole body, I want to kiss your soles!"

Jill couldn't believe what she just heard. Allison stood up and touched her ass very tenderly with her right hand, then she pressed her palm on Jill's pussy from behind very hard and kissed her on her lips. 

Jill forcefully took Allison's hand away from her vagina.

"Oh, I'm really sorry, Jill. I'm not a lesbian, you have to believe me! I can't be doing this," said Allison nervously. 

Jill was still in shock, trying to realize what was happening. 

"I believe you, but don't touch my pussy again! I have a boyfriend," replied Jill. 

The way she said "my pussy" was too much for Allison to handle, Jill was so cute when she said not to touch her pussy again. All Allison wanted was to touch her pussy again and again. But she knew it was a wrong thing to do so she sat down. 

Jill bent to take the cups from the table and Allison was looking at her ass once again. Now Allison was wondering what has Jill's asshole like, was it shaved? Was it bleached? She wanted to smell it. So she grabbed Jill's ass and sniffed her asshole. 

"No, stop it, now!," screamed Jill. 

Allison took out a jump rope out of her sports bag and before Jill could get away she tied her hands to the radiator next to the sofa. 

"What the fuck are you doing? You're gonna answer for this! Untie me right now!," Jill was going mad.

Normally Allison wouldn't even think of doing such thing but now she was burning with passion, her whole body was almost shaking even at the thought of Jill's asshole, pussy, feet, breasts, her whole body. Oh how would sweet would it be to lick her from head to toe, to smell her skin, to make her feel what she was feeling at that moment. So no, Allison wasn't going to untie Jill. Jill was on her knees, trying to get up but Allison wouldn't let her. She grabbed her ass and started sniffing it. 

"You are an amazing woman," said Allison as she was sniffing Jill's ass, kissing her asshole passionately. Jill was still trying to tear up the jump rope but she couldn't: 

"Don't touch my asshole, are you out of your mind?" 

But Allison wasn't going to stop, she couldn't control herself anymore, the temptation was too strong. 

Jill's trousers were sticking to her asshole because it was wet from Allison's saliva. Allison wanted more, it wasn't enough just to kiss Jill's clothed ass. She had to see her naked. She pulled down her trousers and was very pleased to see that Jill wasn't wearing an underwear. 

"You naughty girl," smiled Allison and spanked Jill. 

Her ass was all Allison hoped it to be. Soft, tanned cheeks were ready to be worshipped. She bit her left cheek and spanked it. 

"You are insane, you hurt me!," screamed Jill.

Allison didn't pay attention to her, "I love your butt, so tender, so soft, I could lick it forever," whispered passionately. 

She still hadn't seen Jill's asshole and was dying to see it so she spread her cheeks carefully and revealed her incredibly cute asshole. Allison hadn't even seen woman's asshole from this close but she knew she wanted to kiss it. Until now she thought of an asshole as a dirty place on human's body that was in no way sexual. But now she knew she was wrong as she stared at this perfection. How could an asshole be that attractive? Allison started kissing it repeatedly. 

"Oh no, you're kissing my asshole, what is wrong with you? Stop it now! Aunt Gwen, help me!," Jill continued to resist but aunt Gwen was two rooms away with a vacuum cleaner in her hands, she couldn't hear a word. 

"You have such cute asshole, I just want to eat it!," Allison couldn't get enough of her ass. 

She spit on her asshole and started rubbing it with her point finger. 

Jill felt the same tingle in her whole lower body, but this time it was much stronger. Somehow the fact that Allison spit on her asshole made her horny. She wanted to touch her pussy or hump the pillow on the sofa but was too shy to admit to herself that this maniac woman made her horny. She closed her eyes and tried to resist the urge to masturbate. She didn't know but her ass was already moving synchronously with Allison's movements. Jill was pressing her ass against Allison's face. She also started moaning in a very low voice. But from time to time she would ask Allison to stop: 

"Allison, don't.. please.. mmh.. not the asshole... stop licking it... I can't take it any more." 

Allison could tell that Jill liked it and she got even more excited now that Jill had joined in. Of course Jill wouldn't admit it but it was somehow sexier for Allison. 

She even tried to provoke her: "Do you want me to stop licking you're asshole? Say you want me to stop licking your asshole," asked and spanked her one more time. 

"Stop licking my asshole.. mmm..." 

Jill's movements became stronger, she was trying to choke Allison with her ass and Allison didn't have any problem with that: 

"Do you want me to stop worshipping your ass?".

"Oh yes! oooh.. stop.. worshipping.. my... ass.. and my pussy...". 

"Pussy also, huh?," asked Allison and couldn't help but chuckle, Jill was very cute and she kissed her ass one more time. 

Allison grabbed Jill's ass and raised it up so she could reach her pussy. Jill had a neatly trimmed pussy. 

"Wow, what a beauty you got there" said Allison and started kissing it repeatedly and fast. 

"Oh Allison, please stop.. mm.. don't lick it.. don't lick my pussy.. it's wrong, you're not supposed to... mm... lick it," whispered Jill. 

Then Allison started fingering it with two fingers and continued licking Jill's asshole. She was licking like an animal. Jill felt that enormous orgasm was near. But it felt different, she knew this one was wrong, she was having sex with a woman! And this made her horny even more. It was too late to stop now, now that she knew the taste of prohibited fruit. 

"Allison... oh yes... lick it.. lick my asshole.. don't stop.. please don't..."

Allison was happy finally Jill admitted that she wanted her. Jill's body was about to explode, one more touch and she would be happy like never before! But that's when Allison stopped fingering her and very carefully got her fingers out of her pussy. 

Jill couldn't even speak, she was just moaning. She wanted more, just one touch! Why did Allison stop? Didn't she know that right now Jill wanted her more than anything? Anyone? Allison touched Jill's pussy with her palm, left it there and softly kissed her ass. It was enough to make her cum. 

"Aaaahh" screamed Jill and got in the position like a tiger getting ready to hunt, with her ass raised up. 

Her asshole started winking and her whole body started to tremble. 

"Aah... I'm... cumming...," Jill's voice was shaking. 

Allison sat there with her left palm on Jill's pussy and was petting her ass with the right hand. Jill was now happy more than anyone, she touched Allison's left hand and pressed it even harder against her pussy. Jill was about to pass out from pleasure when she heard a noise. She opened her eyes and saw a broken vase which had allen from aunt Gwen's hands.