 Two young women meet, realize that there is a "connection" and fall in love.

[This is a lesbian love story.] 

[What is "resonance"? "In physics, resonance is a phenomenon in which a vibrating system or external force drives another system to oscillate with greater amplitude at specific frequencies. Frequencies at which the response amplitude is a relative maximum are known as the system's resonant frequencies or resonance frequencies. At resonant frequencies, small periodic driving forces have the ability to produce large amplitude oscillations, due to the storage of vibrational energy."

The universe is enveloped in electromagnetic energy. Passing a current through a "wire" creates an electromagnetic field. Passing an electromagnetic field over a wire creates a current in the wire. We transmit information using electromagnetic energy over great distances in our space explorations. In our mind electric currents flow producing electromagnetic fields. In our mind currents are created by electromagnetic fields that pass over us. Due to the subtleties of evolution some of us are more capable of detecting this energy than others.

When I've experienced resonance, I was in a "happy" state of mind and I became consciously aware that the feeling strengthened. It was like I was "radiating" my happiness. Upon making eye contact with another, however fleetingly, I would feel this strengthening. It was like she radiated, in return, at a resonant frequency. It was usually followed by a smile or relaxed conversation.]

¬¬¬¬¬¬¬¬¬

It was a typical Friday evening. The bar near the train station was full and noisy with 20- and 30-somethings unwinding from a week of work. There were small clusters of women, men and mixed, all sipping their whatevers, chatting animatedly, smiling and laughing. It was a fun, relaxing atmosphere.

Amelia was standing with a few of her fellow workers. She had had a good week. Things went well for her. She was happy with herself. She was idly scanning the crowd. She stopped! There was a woman a few tables away that was looking at her. They made eye contact. The woman smiled. A "happy" feeling came over Amelia. She returned the smile broadly. Someone engaged the other woman in conversation and she turned her head away. 

For the next hour or so, until Amelia left, she would look at the woman from time to time. She would find the woman looking at her and they would make eye contact and share a smile or if she had been looking away, she would turn her head towards Amelia to make eye contact and smile. Every time, Amelia would get a "happy" feeling. A few in Amelia's group commented upon how happy she seemed. It was like she was radiating her happiness.

In the ensuing days, Amelia would recall the woman and the happy feeling that she had felt whenever they had made eye contact. She was hoping that she'd be in the bar the coming Friday night.

The following Friday night Amelia entered the bar with great anticipation. As soon as her group had found a spot and ordered drinks, she began searching the crowd. She found the woman. The woman was looking at her. They made eyed contacted. They smiled broadly saying, in a way, "I'm so happy that you're here." Amelia felt a strong sense of happiness.

During the evening, Amelia didn't wait for the waitress to refill her drink. Instead she went to the bar directly. While standing there waiting for the bartender's attention, she felt someone squeeze in beside her. She looked. It was the woman. She was extended her right hand saying, "I'm Sonia."

Amelia, taking her hand in hers, replied, "I'm Amelia". Amelia was feeling very happy.

Sonia asked, "Have you been feeling anything different when we've made eye contact?

"I've had these stronger than usual "happy" feelings and you?"

"The same. I'd like to get to know you better. Any interest?"

"Yes, what about this weekend?"

They exchanged telephone numbers. Amelia said she'd call her first thing in the morning. Sonia told her that if she hadn't called by 10, she'd call her.

For the rest of the evening they would often seek out the other and exchange smiles.

When each left the bar they were anticipating the weekend. They sensed that something was happening but they didn't understand what it was about.

In the morning when they spoke, Sonia invited and Amelia accepted to spend the afternoon with Sonia and some friends at the beach. Sonia warned Amelia that it was a clothes optional beach. Amelia hesitated for a moment, but what the heck, living life is an adventure. Amelia would pick up Sonia on the way to the beach.

At the beach, Amelia found nudity a non-issue. As she was deciding if she should remove her bikini or not she looked around. She saw such diversity. Obviously, some have nicer bodies than others but we all are what we are. Yes, some could lead a better life style but that is their choice. She removed her bikini.

When she looked up, she saw that Sonia was watching her. Sonia smiled. Amelia smiled feeling happy that Sonia seemed to like what she saw. She pushed her breasts out a little bit more. 

Sonia had a nice body. Her breasts were full with long nipples. Her public hear was trimmed. What it hid remained a mystery. Amelia, on the other hand, was cleanly shaven.

It was an enjoyable afternoon at the beach. They played sand volleyball. It was fun for Amelia to see the boobs and cocks bouncing about. Amelia and Sonia walked along the water's edge quietly conversing and sharing who they were. As they did, their closeness to one another grew. 

Both had limited girl-girl sexual experiences while in college so they each dismissed curiosity as a driving force. Since college, they had both pursued heterosexual sex seeking a partner with whom to marry and with which to have and raise children. They were both committed to pursuing a career in additional to being a mother and a wife. There was something, though, definitely was happening between them. To a bystander watching them as they interacted and looking at the expression on their faces, they both "radiated" happiness.

On the drive home, Sonia asked Amelia about her first time experience at a nude beach. Amelia told her that she liked it. She liked the nudity. There seemed to be an honest vibe over the beach. One of: "I am what I am." Jokingly, Amelia said that she saw some nice cocks to which Sonia quickly replied "too bad that most of their owners don't know how to use them."

They laughed together sharing a common understanding from past experiences.

Amelia shared, "Since college, I've found most guys just don't satisfy me. They try but they don't know what they are doing and they have little control of their ejaculations. In college I got more pleasure in the arms and bed of another woman.

To which Sonia added, "Well, I think there is truth in the statement that only a woman knows how to fully sexually satisfy another woman."

Amelia continued to share about her afternoon experience to which Sonia responded or they shared some laughter. In the back of their minds, though, they started wondering how it would feel to make love to the other. As soon as the thought became conscious in their minds they each recognized that they were thinking of "making love" and not "having sex". While what they would do would be the same things that they had done before with others, the motivation and satisfaction would be considerably different.

It was early evening when they arrived back at Sonia's apartment. Sonia invited Amelia to stay for dinner. She accepted. They showered individually and worked together to make and set dinner. Sonia used her best dinnerware, lit candles and brought forth wine. It was a wonderful moment. In addition to the food and wine they were simply enjoying being with one another. 

After dinner and clean up they went onto the balcony patio with their wine. They sat together on the settee, turned into each other with their barely knees touching. Sonia's arm was resting along the top of the settee. 

As they chatted, Sonia began playing with Amelia's hair. Amelia began caressing the inside of Sonia's thigh just above the knee. Absentmindedly she began extended her caresses upward.

"Be careful, you'll arouse me if you continue," said Sonia smiling.

"Would you like me to?" asked Amelia.

"Yes," replied Sonia as she moved her hand behind Amelia's neck and brought her forward to kiss her.

Their kiss was soft and light. It was a "how do you do" kiss. "I am so pleased to meet you."

It advanced quickly to: "You are so nice to kiss. It feels so good."

Until arriving at: "If the truth be told, I'm getting lost in kissing you. I can't get enough of your mouth."

As their kissing continued Amelia's hand caressed up to Sonia's crotch and she began gently caressing Sonia's pussy with the back of her fingers over her panties. As she did this Sonia did the same to Amelia with her other hand.

They luxuriated in their kissing and soft caresses until their needs overcame them. They needed, wanted to share greater intimacy. They needed, wanted to pleasure the other's body. Their needs were totally directed to the other and not to themselves. They didn't give it a second thought. It seemed so natural.

Sonia rose and reached her hand out to Amelia and said, "Come my happy one."

Amelia stood smiling and followed Sonia into her bedroom. She was happy. She was radiating. They stood facing one another by the side of the bed. They proceeded to undress one another, slowly, appreciatively and cooperatively. When they were standing their naked facing one another they were smiling, happy with themselves and happy to be there with the other. They came together in a kiss sharing that happiness. They hugged tightly to bring their bodies together, to feel the body of the other pressing into them. They both hungered for the physical closeness. They wiggled against one another to get closer.

They backed off a bit so that they could explore one another's upper body. They shared openly: "I like your nipples. I look forward to pinching them." Your breast feels so good in the cup of my palm." "Your skin feels so soft and smooth under the palm of my hand." They were smiling. They would chuckle softly when the other did something that would feel especially good. There was a lightness to what they were doing to one another.

Amelia began raining soft wet kisses onto Sonia shoulders and upper chest, proceeding to kiss everywhere on her breasts. She knelt to kiss Sonia's abdomen and lower to her mons and pussy. As she passed Sonia's belly-button she rimmed it. It was an "inny". Sonia laughed. She turned Sonia around and rained kisses on her lower back and butt. She then had Sonia sit on the edge of the bed, pushed her back down to lie on the bed, .picked up her feet and kissed the inside of each legs from the foot to the crotch and then on her labia.

She put Sonia's feet back onto the floor and straddled her hips, leaning forward and rained kisses on Sonia's face until finishing with an intimate and fulfilling kiss on her lips. Finishing and rising, she looked into Sonia's eyes and said "How beautiful you are. How happy you make me."

"No one has ever done that to me before, "Sonia said, "I'm so happy it was you."

Their smiles encompassed their eyes.

Sonia reached out for her and brought her down to kiss. Her kiss was filled with contentment. She scooted up to lie fully on the bed pulling Amelia up onto the bed. She rolled Amelia onto her back and lying partially on her began kissing her with wet sloppy kisses.

Amelia could feel the wetness on her nose, on her neck under her chin and on her chest. When Sonia reached her nipples she started "playing". She wasn't attempting to arouse Amelia. She was just enjoying herself. She'd suck on her nipple for a while and that rise a bit and see the results of her handiwork. She would flick the nipple with her finger and watch it respond. She would slowly pinch the nipple and await Amelia's body reaction.

"Is that all I am to you, a play thing?" asked Amelia with a chuckle.

"Oh, baby, you are much more than a plaything!" Sonia responded as she latched onto Amelia's nipple and began giving it serious attention. As she did, she cupped Amelia's pussy in her hand and began gently messaging it, pressing firmly on her clit with the heel of her hand. She was rewarded when Amelia pulled her head firmly onto her breast and raised her pelvis to get greater pressure.

Sonia wanted to keep Amelia "interested". She didn't want Amelia to orgasm. She would still her hand and drag a finger through Amelia's labia lips, wiggling it as she did but not touching her clit. She would probe her vagina with the tip of her index finger but not enter it far enough to touch her G-spot. Then she'd return to massaging her pussy and clit.

"Dammit!" cried out Amelia, "stop enjoying yourself. Think of me."

Amelia pushed Sonia's head downward towards her pussy. 

Sonia scooted down a bit and positioned her mouth over Amelia's clit. "As you requested my love," she said as she lowered her mouth over Amelia's clit and began exciting it with her tongue. At the same time she inserted her index finger into Amelia's vagina and began exciting her G-spot. She was adding vibrations by humming the "Hi ho, hi ho it's off to work we go" song from Snow White. The vibrations set off Amelia. She was Snow White.

Amelia's orgasm brought with it a surge of happiness. One that she had never experienced before.

She realized that what Sonia had done were things others had done before to her but somehow, with Sonia it felt so different. She realized that the difference was in that it was Sonia who was doing it. She wanted Sonia to do it. She wanted Sonia to enjoy herself doing it. She realized that she wanted Sonia in her life. She realized that Sonia wanted her, Amelia, to enjoy her in turn. 

Sonia had scooted back up and they were kissing one another. They were playful kisses interlaced with teasing comments. "You tease." "You liked that, did you?" "You're a wet one."

In time, their kisses became more serious telling of their growing feelings for one another.

Amelia began to yearn for burying her face in Sonia's pussy. She just wanted to be "there". She wanted to taste Sonia. She wanted to give pleasure to Sonia.

She rolled Sonia onto her back and raised herself on her hands and knees over her and told her how wonderful she felt being with her, enjoying her and being enjoyed by her and having a wonderful orgasm with her. She needed to bury her face in her pussy and pleasure her with an orgasm.

Amelia backed down, lying between Sonia's legs pushing up her knees and pushing them apart. Sonia grabbed them and pulled them back to raise her pelvis.

Amelia began lapping between Sonia's labia lips drawing her tongue from the bottom to the top, circling her clit with the tip of her tongue before doing it again and again. Between Amelia's saliva and the nectar flowing from Sonia, Sonia's pussy was slippery. Sonia began moving her pelvis searching out Amelia's tongue as it approached her clit. Picking up on it, Amelia spent more time teasing and massaging her clit with her tongue and sucking on it with her lips and mouth. She inserted a finger into Sonia's vagina to stimulate her G-spot. When she orgasmed, Sonia shuddered and bucked upward. Amelia kept her face buried into Sonia's pussy inhaling the musk, search out with her tongue Sonia's nectar. When Sonia settled back down, Amelia crawled up and they held one another tightly.

When she recovered they began sharing kisses of happiness and appreciation. They held one another coming apart from time to time to kiss. Some kisses conveyed passion, some lightheartedness and some happiness.

They fell off to sleep.

Sometime during the night they stirred and came together for a deep, sustaining kiss. Upon ending the kiss and settling back into their pillows, one said. "I love you." To which the other replied, "I love you too." They were happy. They were happier when they were together.