 I suggest you read Chapters 1 and 2 of this story; this chapter picks up from there.

*************************

Bob followed me as I went through the door to return to the bedroom. After we entered the bedroom, I turned to him, put my index finger on my lips to shush him, and pointed toward the chair sitting against the wall in the bedroom. I motioned silently for him to bring it over next to the bed, knowing that with her blindfold on, Ruth would not be able to see what was going on. He did, and with my hand making a downward motion, indicated that he should sit in it. As he complied, I glanced at his robe which had fallen open as he sat, and could see, not surprisingly, that he was once again getting erect. 

I sat down on the bed to Ruth's left, on the opposite side of the bed from Bob, close enough to Ruth for her to feel the heat of my body on her naked skin through my robe. I lightly grazed my fingers over her left breast, and both of her nipples immediately sprang to attention.

"How are you doing, my pet?" I asked. "You may respond."

"Truthfully, a bit frustrated," she said.

I chuckled softly as I continued to run my fingers over her breasts. "I'm sure you are, my dear. I think that when I do give you permission to speak, that you need to call me something special. Your Mistress would be appropriate, don't you think?"

"Yes, Mistress," she responded, immediately complying with the role play I suggested for her.

I patted her stomach lightly, as if I were rewarding a puppy. "That's a good little girl."

I got up off of the bed, and took off my robe, laying it at the bottom of the bed. Now naked, I glanced over at Bob and could see he was enjoying the show, as his penis was even more erect than before. I pointed at it, and mimed touching it, and then wagged my finger back and forth at him, indicating that he was not to touch himself. I know him, and knew he would want to start stroking himself as I played with my little pet.

As I sat back down on the bed, I asked Ruth, "Are you ready to continue your training, my sweet?"

"Yes, Mistress."

"Good. You just lie there and let your Mistress play with you." I started gently squeezing both of her nipples, which elicited a gasp from her. She settled down, and I began squeezing harder and harder, as the nipples became more erect in my fingers. I pulled them outward, elongating her breasts, and as I let them go, they popped back down to her body but her nipples were now bright red and grossly elongated, standing at least three-quarters of an inch off of her breast. Even though her breasts were not that big, her responsive nipples were quite impressive.

I went back to them and rolled them more gently between my fingers. They stayed at attention, and after about a minute of this I began to smell her arousal as her pussy became wet once again. Even though she claimed not to have had much experience with sex, she was clearly enjoying this stimulation.

After a couple of minutes of playing with her breasts, I shifted my attention downward and began running two of my fingers through her pussy, first just grazing her outer labia, but then adding more pressure and stroking her inner labia. My sense of smell had been spot-on; she was once again leaking like a busted pipe; her pussy, like her nipples had been before, betraying her state of arousal. I now dipped both of those fingers deep into her, and once again, she gasped.

"Quiet, my pet, or I will gag you," I warned. She quieted down again, allowing me to plunge my fingers in and out of her without responding verbally. After a dozen or strokes like this I pulled my fingers out of her. She started to object in frustration, but before a full word could escape her lips, she caught herself.

"Good girl, you're following instructions well. I have a reward for you." I took the two fingers that had a few seconds ago been deep in her pussy, and I pressed them to her mouth. She immediately opened, allowing me to put them into her mouth, and she closed around them. I felt her tongue swirling on them, tasting her own pussy juices, until the fingers were well cleaned. 

I withdrew my fingers from her mouth. Shifting on the bed, I spread my legs and inserted the same two fingers in my own pussy, which by this time was wet once again from the teasing I had been inflicting on Ruth. I thrust them in and out a few times, the squishing sound quite audible in the room. I knew that Ruth must have recognized that sound, wondering what would be coming next.

After getting them thoroughly coated with my own juices, I proceeded to repeat what I had done earlier, bringing the two fingers to her lips, and waiting for her to open and accept them into her mouth. She did so immediately, and once again, cleaned them off with her tongue. As she did this, I leaned down and whispered into her left ear, "Do they taste as good as your own juices, my lovely?"

She nodded her head up and down as she continued to lave my fingers. After giving her enough time to clean them thoroughly, I sat back up and removed them from her mouth with a "plop." I saw her lick her lips, getting a final taste of my juices from there as well.

"I bet you never thought you'd enjoy another woman like that, did you pet? You may respond," I prompted her.

"No Mistress, I've never done anything like this with a woman before."

"Well, there's even more for you to experience." I shifted a little bit closer to her on the bed, and throwing my left leg over her body, I sat down on her chest just below her breasts. She seemed surprised by this action as her body adjusted to having my weight on her. I lifted my body just a bit, and leaning forward, I began to slide up and down, my very wet labia grazing across her belly from her pubic bone up to just below her breasts. I continued this for a few minutes, feeling my own arousal rise, and then glancing over my shoulder and down, seeing her own wetness secreting even more from her pussy. I could feel her breathing getting deeper, as she was clearly enjoying this sensation. As I turned back around again, I glanced at Bob, and saw that he was entranced by our act, staring down at my pussy as it dragged across Ruth's stomach.

I stopped the sliding, and still leaning forward, I lifted my body and slid just a bit more toward her face and to the right, dropping my wet pussy right on top of her left breast. I couldn't tell for sure being as wet as I was, but I thought I could feel her nipple pop right into my pussy. I could just picture it, being coated with my pussy juices, as I rotated in a very tight circle around her breast, allowing them to coat the entire surface.

After continuing this for a stretch, I lifted up again, and slid my pussy down her body, enough that I could now lean forward and begin to lick my own juices off of her breast. "Mmmm," I sighed, continuing along the outside of her breast and moving inward toward the nipple. "You're right, sweetie, my juices are absolutely delicious." When my lips approached her nipple, I sucked it into my mouth, and pulled upward, extending it and her left breast once again. As I tightened my lips so as not to lose my grip on her nipple, I heard her gasp once more.

I tugged her breast up and down repeatedly, loving the taste of my own juices on her firm, puckered nipple and her skin alternating between taut and loose as her small breast extended and retracted. I then let it go, slid back up on her body, and repeated the procedure on her right breast. Once again, I glanced over at Bob, seeing him still spellbound by the performance in front of him. I rubbed my pussy juices all over her breast, then slid back down and began sucking it and her nipple as I had with the other. As I did it this time, I reached between my legs with my right hand, and began stroking her labia. I was not surprised to discover she was just as wet as I was, and while I couldn't see it, I could just imagine her juices beginning to soak the bed underneath her.

After a few more moments I shifted my attention from her lips to her clitoris. Finding it hidden beneath its hood, I began to circle it with my finger. Just as with her nipples when they received my ministrations, her clit too began to expand as it responded to the attention being applied to it. I continued stimulating both parts of her body, until again I felt her orgasm was close. I removed my right hand, and sat back up, releasing her clit and breast at the same time. 

Her body slumped back down at the bed, now being accustomed to my teasing her by bringing her to the precipice and not allowing her to fall over it. I chuckled as I saw her reaction. "Oh you poor thing," I said in a sympathetic voice. "It must be soooo hard for you to come so close to that release and not achieve it. You may speak, pet."

"Oh god yes, Mistress," she replied, the frustration obvious in her voice. "Plllleeeaaaase won't you let me cum?"

"Not yet, you'll cum when I say it's time," I admonished her. "Time for a little break." I got up off of the bed, and walked around it to Bob. I bent down and whispered to him, "Be a doll and get me some of that white wine from the mini bar. Being so wet I'm getting a little thirsty, so I need a cold drink." I took hold of two of his fingers and placed them between my legs, providing him an opportunity to see firsthand exactly how wet I was. As I did this, his cock bobbed up and down, attesting to how much he enjoyed the thrill. I took them away again, and nodded toward the living room. He got up and walked in there.

I walked over toward the full-length mirror on the wall of the bedroom, and glanced at my reflection. My nipples stood outward proudly, even though my large, 44D breasts sagged toward the floor. As I heard the sound of a cork being removed from a wine bottle in the next room, I glanced at the glistening of the juices on my public hair, visible even in the dim light of the room. While quite overweight, I was still pleased with my appearance and proud of myself. I know not everyone finds an overweight, middle-aged woman sexy, but I had learned that there were enough people, both men and women, who had cougar and BBW fantasies, that I could still get a rise out of them. I knew from Ruth's reactions so far that she was in that camp, even though I was almost twice her age.

After a minute of admiring myself, Bob returned to the bedroom balancing three wine glasses. He handed me one, and put a second on the night stand on Ruth's side of the bed, keeping the third for himself. I took a sip, the cool Sauvignon Blanc quickly quenching my thirst. "Ahhh," I sighed in satisfaction, "just what I needed."

I returned to the bed and sat down next to Ruth. I put my arms behind her shoulders and pulled her forward a bit, about as much as her cuffed wrists allowed. "Sit up here for a moment, my love." I reached over and grabbed her glass, and brought it to her lips. "Drink," I commanded. She complied, and as the chilled liquid hit her throat, she drank more eagerly, she too clearly parched from all of the fluids dripping out of her crotch.

"Thank you, Mistress," she said in appreciation.

"You're welcome, Pet, but remember you are not to speak unless commanded." I pulled the glass away from her lips and put it back on the night stand. "For that repeat transgression, you will be punished." 

I reached up and undid the restraint on her left hand. I then rotated her away from me so that she was lying on her right side, making her ass available to me.

"Your punishment is five swats on your tiny little ass," I told her. "And I want you to count them out."

"What," she responded in surprise. She began to protest, "I. . ." she started again.

I quickly applied a sharp swat to her left cheek. "Oww!" she howled in response.

"Keep that up, and it will be ten spanks," I told her. "Your only job is to count the swats, do you understand?"

Having been chastised, she lowered her voice once again. "Yes, Mistress," she said more submissively.

"Okay, here we go." I slapped her left cheek again, not quite as hard as the last one, but enough to let her know I meant business. 

"One," she responded in a small voice. 

I rubbed her cheek gently. "Much better, pet."

After rubbing for a few seconds, I pulled my hand back once again. I could see her body tense up, waiting for the next swat. I let her stay like that, the anticipation building, until after about 15 or 20 seconds I hit her again on the same spot, this time a little harder. "Two," she said.

I repeated the process, rubbing gently, and then pulling my hand back, letting her wait for the next attack. After just a few seconds this time, I hit the same cheek three times in rapid succession. After getting over the shock, she quickly counted out the spankings, ". . . five!"

"Very good, you followed instructions much better this time." I gently rubbed her ass again to reward her, compensating for the sting that I had laid on her. I rolled her back down flat on the bed, and reattached the cuff on her left hand.

I swung my leg back over her stomach to straddle her again. "Okay, my young friend, it's time to continue your training." I lifted myself up and scooted forward, bringing my still wet pussy to no more than an inch above her nose, and grabbed ahold of the headboard. I held myself there, knowing that the scent of my arousal would quickly reach her, and sure enough, I saw her nostrils start to twitch. I waited about 30 seconds, letting the anticipation build up in her once again, as she continued to smell another woman's pussy so close to her for the first time in her life.

Very slowly, I lowered my pussy to her face, so that the pubic hair at its bottom would just graze her lips. I moved it around just a bit, letting her mouth just barely feel the sensation. "You know what to do, don't you pet?" 

She did know, as her lips parted and her tongue started to extend from her mouth. I held myself where I was, making her reach for it. She could only reach my hair at first, and she gently tickled it with her tongue. As she raised her head trying to make more contact, I pulled upward, not allowing her any contact with my pussy at first. I continued to rotate my hips slightly, still tickling her tongue and lips with my hair. She quickly understood the game, and relaxed her head back to the pillow, keeping her tongue out as far as she could.

After a bit of this, I began to lower myself, so that she could enjoy more of my arousal. She could now touch my outer labia with her tongue, and as she realized this, she began to explore them, running her tongue up and down first one then the other. She showed no reluctance, no sense of repulsion, at what I was sure was for the first time experiencing cunnilingus with another woman. I could see my juices beginning to coat her face around her mouth as they dripped down from my pussy.

I lowered myself a bit more, so that she could now use her tongue to part my outer labia and explore more deeply. I could feel it grazing my inner lips now, as she more enthusiastically ran it around my pussy. I smiled, knowing I had helped another woman discover her own love of other women. She was by no means the first; Bob and I had met many a couple while swinging in which the woman professed no bisexual tendencies, and claimed that they were only interested in sex with Bob. But once the four of us got naked on the bed, and the hands started exploring, the gender barriers quickly broke down. Some of these women would end up enjoying playing with me as much as Bob. And the same was often true with the men as well - a little bit of time rolling around on the bed, especially after some wine to help lower their inhibitions, and they didn't care who was touching them or who they were touching.

As Ruth continued her oral exploration of my labia, I lowered myself fully to her face, her body now bearing all of my weight. She responded by pushing her tongue even deeper, now well into my pussy itself. I could feel it swirling around, as if wanting to touch and experience every square inch of it. Any hesitation on her parts was long gone, and her efforts could only be described as enthusiastic. I was enjoying the attention, especially as she pulled her tongue out and curled it upward to flick it on my clitoris. It responded in kind, peeking out from behind the hood, giving her a better angle with which to engage with it.

I let her tongue both my pussy and my clit for about five minutes, as she alternated between the two. She showed no sign of tiring, and as she continued, I reached behind me with my left hand, and once again grabbed on to her right nipple. I rolled it with my fingers, knowing from her reaction before how much this turned her on. 

I knew my orgasm would not be long in arriving if I gave her the appropriate instructions. "That's right you little slut, you're doing just fine." I slid my body just an inch or so downward, and said to her, "Now suck hard on my clit." She immediately responded by locking her lips on it, finding it now totally accessible beyond the hood, and I could feel her applying suction to it and pulling it into her mouth. The sensation was amazing, and I knew that a spell of this and she'd put me over the edge.  

Sure enough, no more than a minute later, I felt the wave begin to crash throughout my body. "Ohhhh shittttt," I screamed, loud enough for anyone in the adjoining rooms to hear. "That's it, don't stop." She began sucking even tighter, and the orgasm hit me hard. "Ohhhhh fuckkkkkkkkkk," I cried out as I shook uncontrollably. I fell forward, breathing hard against the headboard of the bed, and pushed my crotch backward off of her face, all of my juices now coating her chest just below her neck.

After about 30 seconds I was able to catch my breath, and I pushed myself upright again. I smiled both inwardly and outwardly, recognizing once again that almost any woman - even one doing it for the first time, like I could tell Ruth was - was better at licking pussy than most men. There was just something to knowing exactly how it feels when someone does it to you, and replicating that feeling with another woman, that makes women much better at cunnilingus than men.

I turned my head and glanced at Bob. His erection was sitting straight up from his crotch, and I could tell how challenging it must have been for him to resist touching himself. I knew from experience that one of his favorite things to do when we were with another couple was to stroke himself while I was playing with others, and bring himself to orgasm as he got off on seeing me enjoying myself with others. Fortunately, he was able to get another erection fairly quickly, often after only ten or fifteen minutes, so he was a very good play partner that way.

After a few more seconds I slid my crotch further down Ruth's body, and leaned forward and placed my tongue on her face. I could taste my juices all over her, and I gently used my tongue to lave her, washing them off of her. I then pushed my tongue between her lips, and she immediately opened them in response. I kissed her forcefully, and as our tongues danced, her eagerness was quite transparent.

"You enjoyed that, didn't you pet?" I inquired.

She nodded her head.

I granted her permission to talk. "You may speak."

"Oh yes, Mistress, I did," she responded. A rush of words spilled from her mouth. "I've never experienced anything like that, I had no idea I would like it as much as I did. You tasted just divine. Can I ask you a question, Mistress?"

"Of course, my dear."

"How did you know, Mistress?" she asked.

"How did I know what?"

"How did you know I'd be interested in doing. . . .um. . . ..you know. . .?" She was clearly having trouble giving herself permission to utter what she had just done with me.

I wasn't going to let her off the hook that easily. "I want to hear you say it, pet. Say what it was we did."
