 PS: My thanks to the lovely lady who gave me the inspiration for this story, you know who you are.

*

I was just finishing up brushing my hair before bed, and decide to log onto the internet before I went to bed. I was so thrilled when my parents bought me a computer for my birthday the month before.

Right after my friends found out that I had the internet, they immediately started to tell me about the chat rooms. I logged on, and fired up my ICQ. I spent the next 20 minutes responding to messages from my friends, and then attacked the messages from strangers.

3 messages were nothing but spam. I immediately placed those on ignore. There, will not be bothered by them again. Then 2 messages from guys, both from the same town I live in, and obviously trying to hit on me. That was the last thing I needed right now.

I politely responded though, and let it be known I was not interested. If they responded equally nice, I might have some new friends. If they continued to push, I could place them on ignore also. Easy thing to do.

I then checked my e-mail. Damn, just junk mail. I placed them in my trash can, and activated MIRC.

I logged onto DalNet, and popped into my usual room. A chorus of "Hi Pixie" appeared as I entered. Pixie was the nickname I used in IRC, and I was fairly well known in this room. TeenSex was a room I found by accident one night when I was bored and wandering around.

While I was constantly propositioned, there were some nice people in there too. Dolph was a guy from New York that I chatted with fairly often. While we would flirt, nothing else normally happened. LongTallSoldier was a 19 year old guy that was in the army and stationed in Washington state. He tried to get me to do the cyber thing a few times, but I always politely turned him down.

"Hugs there girlie! Long time no see! Can't sleep again?" That came from Scarlet, a girl I chatted to fairly often from San Jose. She was one of my best friends on-line. Two months ago, I would have laughed at the thought of having "good friends" that I had never even met. But now, I realized how these things could happen. Scarlet was a lot like me, 18 and a senior in High School. But unlike me, she had bright red hair (we had traded pictures before), and was a real tease.

Well, maybe tease is not the right word for Scarlet. "Slut" might be better, if the truth were told. At least once a week, it seemed like she would leave the room with some guy, and do some cyber with him. Once, I even came into the room, and they were well past second base right in the room! Things were going good, until a jerk tried to jump into the middle and ruined it. Many times, I remembered back to that evening, and if she would have gone all the way with us all watching.

I spent the next 20 minutes turning down offers to cyber, guys pestering me to "show us your tits", describe the color of my panties, and other such things. In the last few weeks, I discovered a teasing aspect inside of myself that I never knew I had. Sometimes, I would even answer these questions. Of those that came into the room, roughly 20-30 were "Regulars". I was one of the newest of the regulars.

We were the ones that came in at least several times a week. We were the flirters, the jokers, the ones that were sick enough to come night after night after night.

Now I am by no means a shy virgin in the room. The long T-shirt I often wear to bed turns into a silk teddy once I enter. I had even tried to cyber a few times, but it was never all that great to me. I would rather masturbate to my own imagination or a good erotic story.

Scarlet was in rare form tonight. She was sitting in some guy's lap as she talked about a party she had gone to the night before. It seems like I came in half-way through the story, but she sent me a private message on the side, and helped bring me up to speed.

Even I was in shock reading THIS story. She actually went down on 2 guys the same night? One of them while his girlfriend watched! She quickly brought the story to a conclusion, and we started to chat in private while the guys commented on her "storytelling" skills.

While we chatted on the side, she continued to wiggle on Nevada Kid's lap. Occasionally one of them or the other would get a little more bold, which was interesting, considering our conversation was centering around other things all together.

"Pixie, I got that new silk blouse I have been wanting for so long."

Pixie was my on-line name, in consideration of the fact that I am so short. "Oh really, cool! The forest green one?"

"Yea, it's great. I even wore it to the party last night. Hehehe"

"Oh really? Wow, I bet you looked hot!"

"Well, I didn't get any complaints, that's for sure! For some reason, I forgot to put my bra on before I left."

"You didn't! Oh my god Scarlet, really?"

"Oh come on Pixie, you know I leave it off all the time when I go to parties."

"Yea, I know that. But in a silk blouse? I mean, you must have been obvious, it was so thin."

"Uh-huh. But that made it even easier, if you know what I mean. *wink*"

At this time, Scarlet and Nevada Kid got into an argument, and she left the room. It seems that he was trying to go from sliding his hand inside of her nightie, to inside of her panties. Even though it was not real, Scarlet seemed upset at his liberties without her permission. She pushed his hand away, only to have him put it back.

Finally, she tired of his antics, slapped him, and left the room. The others in the room started to jump on Nevada Kid's case. He was a newbie, and it was not appreciated that he hassled a regular like Scarlet the way he did.

I was watching this with one window, while Scarlet and I continued to chat in another. She continued to tell me about her evening the night before.

She got to the party with a friend of hers, and immediately started to flirt with an old boyfriend of hers. Before long, the two of them were in his car, and she was sucking him off as he fingered her. She had worn a skirt that night, so he had fairly easy access between her legs.

I was kinda quiet reading this. "Oh come on Pixie, I know you're a virgin. But you also know that I'm a slut."

"Oh no, I would never say that Scarlet." I protested.

"You may not, but I will. It's OK, I'm a slut. I lost count last year. But by then, I had slept with over 40 guys, and had done other things with another 40 more at least."

"Oh my god, 80 guys?"

"And that was last year. I think I am with at least 1-2 different guys a week. By now, my count is easily over 100 men."

"Scarlet! Oh god, I mean... that is kinda dangerous, isn't it? I mean, you can get pregnant, or AIDS or something like that."

"Oh Pixie, thanks for your concern (HUG). But I rarely do it without a condom. Those times I do, is either with somebody I know and trust well, or with a virgin."

"Virgin?" I asked. "But is that really safe?"

"Well, it has worked so far for me. I 've been on the pill since I was 15. And I get myself tested at a local clinic every 3 months. So far, in over 5 years I have never gotten anything worst then a yeast infection. And I don't think I got that from sex."

"Wow" was all I could say. I mean, I had known that Scarlet was experienced, but not that much! 100 men, the number boggled my mind.

She then proceeded to tell me about some of them. She had done threesomes, even a few all-out orgies. And last week she got involved in a "circle jerk", with 2 guys and herself and 2 other gals masturbating together.

"I mean, there is nothing like watching somebody else masturbate. We all do it differently."

"We do?" was all I could think of saying. It had never thought about it like that.

"Oh yes, of course! Angie did it lying on her back, with her knees bent and her ankles crossed. I could not see much, but she seemed to just slip her hand between her legs and rub her clit. Her other hand would be wiping sweat from her face, or squeezing her breasts."

"Oh wow" was all I could say to that. But I could picture it in my mind.

"Yea, I had never tried that before, but I am gonna do it soon just to see how it felt. When she got off, her back arched up and she gasped and shuddered. It sure looked strong. Kattie was more like me. She had her legs spread wide, with her knees bent slightly. One hand would vary from rubbing her clit, and slipping 2 or 3 fingers inside of herself. I could almost swear it was me if I did not know better."

"What about the guys?" I was now squeezing my legs slightly, and could feel my nipples tighten up even more. I was definitely getting turned on here.

"Well, I had done both of them in the past, so nothing there was totally new to me. Gary is average in size, maybe 7 inches long and kinda skinny. He just squeezed and rubbed along the length as he watched me and the other girls. He was also the first to cum, after maybe 5 minutes. But like when he was with me, he got hard again, and came a second time about 10 minutes later."

"Wow, he came twice before you came once?"

"Well, hehehe, kinda. I actually had a small orgasm about the same time. But I hid it and kept going. Then I held back for as long as I could. That second one knocked my socks off, I tell ya!"

"Hmmmm. Wow. I imagine it would, watching those guys jacking off. Did they shoot out a lot?"

"Well, Gary shot maybe 2-3 tablespoons worth of cum, the furthest spurts hitting around his neck. The rest of it reached from his belly down and covered his hand. Johnny shot a lot more. His cock was about the same length as Gary's, but MUCH thicker. He was holding himself out away from himself, and it seemed like a hose when he came. I came right after he did, seeing that thick white sperm shooting out like that. There was a huge puddle of it on the floor, it seemed like about a quarter cup of the stuff!"

Just reading those words had me SO excited. I imagined myself watching the 5 of them, horny teens like myself pleasuring themselves as each watched the other. I hardly noticed that my right hand was caressing my breast through the long t-shirt I used as a nightie. In fact, I reread the last thing Scarlet had written, not realizing how long it was taking.

"Pixie, you there? I didn't loose you, did I?"

I quickly moved my hands back to the keyboard and typed in "No, I'm here. Sorry, was just thinking."

"Uh-huh, sure. And what were you thinking of Pixie? (wink)"

"Oh, you know. Thinking of what a room with 5 horny teenagers must have been like."

"Oh, it was GREAT! In fact, I have relived it myself several times since then. But none of the times were as great as that was."

"I can imagine" I replied. "Ya gonna do it again?"

"What, relive the experience, or actually do that again?"

"Hehehe, do it again I mean, of course! I imagine that you can relive it whenever you want, as long as you are alone (grin)"

"Well, that all depends, of course. In fact, I may be doing the other VERY soon."

As I read this, I realized that I had crossed my legs very high up, and was squeezing them together. And I was also leaning forward, putting more pressure then usual on my groin. I reminded me that I had not done it myself in several days.

It is strange. Just like my girl friends in real life, we would talk about masturbation. But at the same time as we talked about it, we never actually talked about it. We all knew that we all did it, but at the same time, we never actually admitted to it. "The Deed" or "It" normally took it's place.

"So, want me to let you go then Scarlet? (grin) Sounds like you may be busy real soon here (wink)"

"Naw, it's ok. I will let you know if I have to take a short break (wink)"

I actually read that 3 times, wondering if it said what I think it said. I mean, was she saying that she was actually doing it now, or that she was going to be doing it soon?

"Why do you say that girl?" I asked. "Are you doing something you shouldn't?"

"Well... That all depends on what you mean sweetie" she replied. "I mean, the Surgeon General is the one that told me that this is OK. Besides, there is only the two of us here, after all. (grin)"

Oh my god! She was actually doing it! Masturbating!

"Uh-huh" was all I could think of to say for a moment. "Well, if you are gonna do something, make sure you do it right."

"Hmmmm, I think I'm doing it right Pixie. At least, I am sure I am gonna get the desired result."

"Oh you slut" I said. "You mean that you are doing it as we talk?"

"Well, that depends on what you mean by 'it' my friend."

"Oh, come on, you know what I mean!"

She was obviously teasing me, but now I was curious how long I could draw it out. I had tried the "cyber" think a few times before, but never with another girl. I had never seriously considered any lesbian activity, other then the natural curiosity that all teens go through. But at this moment, I felt a vicarious thrill at the thought of chatting with Scarlet while she masturbated. I was now curious how far I could push her.

"Oh, so you mean that as you are talking to me, your virginal friend, you are letting your fingers do the walking?" Maybe by being a little more explicit, maybe I could get her to admit it. Maybe having somebody else actually admit to doing what I did when alone, it might help me relax when the right time came.

"Hmmm, kinda. Right now, am just wiggling a bit in my chair, and my fingers are caressing my nipples. Is amazing how hard they can get, ya know?"

"Oh, I hear you there. Sometimes, mine almost hurt when I am turned on." There, I had finally admitted something I had never told anybody else.

"Oh yea! Same here. Sometimes, I can almost cum just from stimulation on my breasts."

"Yea, me too."

"Oh yea, like when? I know that you could almost be a nun you are so chaste!"

I then found myself telling her again about my most extreme sexual encounter almost 2 years ago. When Mark had sucked my breasts as we ground against each other. She listened to the entire story as if it was the first time I told it, then after about 20 seconds, finally responded.

"You mean that was your first orgasm? Wow, that sounds so great! I wish my first time had been with somebody else. Instead, I was alone in my bed."

"Yea, like me so many times" I said. "Well, other then occasionally in the shower, that is about the only place I get off."

"Well, you should try other places then. The girl's room at school can be fun, as well as at the computer."

"What, you mean cyber? I tried that a few times, was not all that great to me."

"Well Pixie, you never looked at a hot picture or movie while you did it? Or read a hot story? I think I masturbate in front of the computer more then anyplace else."

"Well, I sometimes look at those things. But I have never actually masturbated to them before. I just go to bed and remember them as I do it." What was I doing? Telling somebody who I had never actually met about my most intimate sexual secrets! Then again, this was getting real exciting. I could feel the swelling in my groin for sure now. I knew that before the night was over, I would have to get off also.

"Well, you should try it some time then. It just takes some practice is all."

"I guess you are an expert, eh?"

"(grin) You could say that. It is a technique that I have perfected over the last few years. Just make sure that you have a towel handy."

"Yea, you sound like an expert" I said. A towel, if this kept up I would need to sit on one as well. I could feel my panties starting to grow damp now. And when not typing, my hands had drifted back to my breasts several times now.

"Well, I should be. I have probably done this here several hundred times by now."

"Oh wow, you are a slut!" I exclaimed.

"You know it girlfriend! If I don't cum at least once a day, I tend to get cranky."

"And how many times has it been today?"

"Well, this is gonna be my first one. Last time for me was yesterday morning before school, and I really need it." Yes, that is as good as a definite admission that she was masturbating as we talked. And her typing was noticeably slower. One handed?

"Uh-huh" was all I could think of to say however.

"How about you? When was the last time you got off?"

"Well..."

"Oh, come on! If I can admit it, so can you!"

"Well, I think it was Tuesday morning in the shower."

"That was what, 4 days ago? What are you waiting for? A personal invitation?"

Being the smart-ass I often am, I said "Yea, that is exactly what I am waiting for."

I was floored when she replied "Well, then you have one. Skin off those clothes and join me (grin)"

I just looked at the screen for a moment, then replied "What, I suppose that you are doing it now?"

"Uh-huh. As I said, without at least one good cum a day, Scarlet gets to be a cranky girl."

"And what, may I ask, are you doing?" Was this me being this bold?

"Well, since you asked, I am sliding my index and middle fingers up and down my slit."

Wow! This was starting to get to close for comfort to me. It felt wicked, exciting, and erotic. But it also felt depraved, slutty, and almost a lesbian thing. How far was I willing to let this go? I knew if I did not stop it somehow now, it might go to far.

"Pixie, you still here?"

"Yea" was all I could think of to reply. This was my best on-line friend, and I did not want to hurt her. Yet at the same time, I wanted her to both stop, and also to continue.

"Come on girlfriend, is this bothering you?"

"Well, kinda. I am not to sure about this."

"Oh, the little straight girl. Wait, I did not mean that the way it sounded, honest! I just thought that you might enjoy something different. I do not want to make you mad or anything."

"Well, I'm not sure what it is, to be honest Scarlet. I mean, part of me is enjoying it." Oh, how part of me was enjoying it! I could feel how damp my panties were. And I was aching to do a little of that myself. "But another part of me says it is wrong. I mean, I am not a lesbian, and this is not something I have ever really done before."

"Well, if you are worried about becoming a lesbian, don't worry. To be honest, I have done this several times with other straight girls." What, she has? "Let's see if this makes sense. All we would be doing is pleasuring ourselves. I would not 'touch' you in any way uninvited. It would be similar to you or I watching a movie of another girl, or sitting in the same room. I mean, just like last week. Angie is perfectly straight, but she seemed to enjoy watching me as well as watching the guys. I think it was the enjoyment of watching somebody else receiving pleasure that she enjoyed. Kinda like bio-feedback, ya know what I mean? It is the feelings and emotions that feed back upon itself, not the actual act."

"What about the other girl? And the guys, did they watch each other also?"

"Well, Kattie is bisexual like me. We have even gotten it on together a few times. But she is more straight then I am. Gary and Johnny are both straight as arrows (as well as pointing like arrows at the time hehehe). I caught them looking at each other a few times, but you know how guys are more hung up on that sort of thing then we are. You will almost never see 2 guys hugging or kissing cheeks when they meet, but we do it all the time. I guess that we are more physical in showing our feelings in that way then they are. Sometimes, I even feel sorry for them for that."

Well, she was certainly right about that. Many times I had hugged girlfriends just saying hello, and I proceeded to tell her that. In many ways, I guess she was making sense. I was still not sure about this though. But I also noticed that I was starting to rock slowly back and forth. The pressure in my groin was escalating, and I would need some sort of relief soon, or a cold shower.

"Yea, you are right about that girl. But if you want a hint, those of us like me have a little code you might want to follow. If you are referring to a friend that is female, you call her a 'girl friend'. If she is a lover, you call her a 'girlfriend'. Notice the difference?"
