 The chronological order of my stories is now listed in WifeWatchman's biography.

Feedback and constructive criticism is very much appreciated, and I encourage feedback for ideas.

This story contains graphic scenes, language and actions that might be extremely offensive to some people. These scenes, words and actions are used only for the literary purposes of this story. The author does not condone murder, racial language, violence, rape or violence against women, and any depictions of any of these in this story should not be construed as acceptance of the above.

Part 7 - Searching for Clues 

"This is Bettina Wurtzburg, KXTC Channel Two News!" yelled the lovely redheaded reporterette at 7:00am, Tuesday, August 9th. "Channel Two News has learned that the victim in the 'Black Widow' copycat killing last Friday is Reece Patrick, a 20-year-old student at City University. Sources tell Channel Two News that Mr. Patrick was visiting friends at the University, and was never noticed to be missing until he was found dead."

"The Police have no leads in the case, so far." continued Bettina. "The parents of Reece Patrick, Richard and Delise Patrick, identified their son's body yesterday, and will take custody of his remains when they are released by the Coroner, which is expected to happen today."

"And in political news," said Bettina, "Incumbent Governor Val Jared continues to lead SBI Director Jack Lewis in the Governor's race, 50-44%, with nearly 6% undecided, and Libertarian candidate Blade Schwartz not getting enough support to register in the polling.

"And in the hotly contested race for District Attorney, Incumbent Gil Krasney continues to lead Jenna Stiles, 52-45%. Ms. Stiles has gone on the attack, accusing D.A. Krasney of ducking her calls for a debate between the two candidates. The State Organization for Women, the SOWs, have joined Ms. Stiles in demanding Mr. Krasney debate Ms. Stiles..."

* * * * * * * * * * * * * * * *

I was sitting in my office after the morning coffee klatch, watching the tapes of Joanne Warner's interview with the parents of Reese Patrick. Mr. Richard Patrick was stocky, a bit like Jack Muscone, but Patrick had light brown hair that was thinning out. Delise Patrick had dark brown hair that curled outward. She was slender and not particularly attractive, and wore eyeglasses somewhat like my sister Elizabeth's... but my sister could carry it well and look good, while Delise looked... what's the word... 'smarmy'... the ol' 'smarmy' vibe...

"Ah, there you are, Detective Warner." I said when Joanne knocked on the door and opened it. "Come in, come in. Have a seat." She sat down in the hot chair nearest the wall, as I was facing that way looking at my computer screen.

After a moment of inconsequential chit-chat, I said "I've been going over your interview with the parents. Tell me, what were your observations?"

"They were both shocked at their son's death, of course." said Joanne. "But Mrs. Patrick didn't look like she'd been emotional over it. No bags under her eyes, no real redness from crying. Mr. Patrick seemed... composed. Like he intended to not show any emotion, to not let any get out."

"As if this were a business meeting or negotiation." I said.

"Yes sir, that's it exactly." Joanne said.

"So I'm hearing here in the interview that neither of them knew Reece was over here on Friday," I said, "and that they know of no one that would wish to do him harm."

"Yes, sir." said Joanne. "I pressed to ask if there were any bad business deals, or anyone that might have a grudge against Mr. Patrick, but he said there was no one he knew of, and there were no business problems that might suggest anyone."

"What about Mrs. Patrick?" I asked, letting my eyes cut left to lock with my young Detective's eyes.

"Uhhhh... " Joanne said, "I guess I didn't really press on anything to do with her, sir."

"That's all right." I said, bringing Joanne back to the lure. "But for the future, it's always wise to consider both parents. So let me ask this: do you think they have a strong, loving marriage? A relationship of convenience? Or are they estranged?" 

"They didn't seem to be estranged, sir." said Joanne. "Her body language did not suggest it. She did not lean away from him nor cross her legs in a manner of 'blocking' him. He just sat still, with his hands in his lap the whole time. Neither of them made any facial gestures that would suggest estrangement. At the same time, they didn't hold hands or really comfort one another in this time of the loss of their only son."

"Excellent!" I said enthusiastically. "Those are excellent observations, Detective Warner! You're on the ball." Joanne blushed modestly at the praise.

"Okay," I said, "we're going to be asking them to come back in for some more interviews. You'll be sitting in with me when we talk to Mrs. Patrick, and I'll probably have Teddy Parker with me for Mr. Patrick. Follow my lead, and these will be much tougher interviews than your earlier discussions with them."

* * * * * * * * * * * * * * * *

Thirty minutes later, Cindy came into my office. "The parents are here again." she said. "I had Mr. Patrick go into 'Alpha' and Mrs. Patrick into 'Bravo', as you requested."

"Good." I said. "How did they respond to being split up?"

"He didn't put up any fuss at all." Cindy said. "She asked 'Why?' and looked skeptical, and I said it was routine procedure, and that we would be asking them different questions."

"Okay, good." I said. "As you've likely figured out, I asked the Coroner to not release the body yesterday so that I could have a chance to talk with them. These interviews are going to be a wee bit more vigorous than Joanne's sympathetic words yesterday."

"Anything we should be looking for?" Cindy asked.

"Just their facial expressions." I replied.

* * * * * * * * * * * * * * * *

I entered Interrogation-A with Teddy Parker, and introduced myself and Teddy to Mr. Richard Patrick. We sat down opposite him, with Sr. Patrolman Morton as our Uniformed presence.

"Mr. Patrick," I said, "I'm very sorry for your loss, and I'm sure it's been a shock to you. I'm attempting to ascertain who might have a reason to harm your son. Do you have any ideas who would have reason to go after him?

"No." said Mr. Patrick, his voice scratchy. He sounded dull and defeated, though I suspected his voice could carry a lot of weight... and menace... should he choose to use it in that manner.

"Are you sure?" I asked. As he looked at me skeptically, I said "Mr. Patrick, I know that you're a developer of real estate projects in the City. Now if Mob members came to a developer in this County and attempted to extort money, those Mob members could rightly expect a visit from me and a crowbar applied to their backsides. By way of contrast, the City is a different place, and I'm sure you've had your fair share of dealings with people whose intentions are not entirely honorable."

"I hope you don't expect me to name any names." said Patrick.

"Of course not." I said. "Nor am I really interested in that. I'm trying to find whoever murdered your son and put those persons in my jails. If there is anyone who might've threatened you or had reason to go after your son, I need to know something that can put me on their track."

"Look, I do have to deal with riff-raff." said Mr. Patrick. "It's part of the job. Sure the Family Boys come around to get their cut, and I pay 'em and they leave me be... even help me with regulatory issues on occasion. And of course the politicians get their cut; Justin Madoff comes around. But if he gets greedy, and he often does, I let him know he's over the line. And then the others get their piece of the action. It's the price of doing business in the City, and I've done okay for myself."

"So no threats to you?" I asked.

"No sir." said Patrick.

I nodded. "I understand. So did Reece work with you? In your company?"

"No, he did not." said Patrick. "He had no interest at all in Development, nor Real Estate."

"He was majoring in Business Administration." I said. "What did he like doing?"

"Running around banging women." said Richard Patrick. "And I'm not saying that idly, Commander. Reece couldn't keep his pants zipped up. I don't know what he planned to do with his life. He was making money, he wasn't a big spender type, I never had problems with him. But he liked cavorting with the wrong type of women."

"Were you close to your son, Mr. Patrick?"

"We were okay." said Patrick. "I was really busy, not at home a lot, and he was closer to his mother than to me. Not to say he was a mama's boy or anything like that. He was an okay kid. I just have no idea what he wanted to do with his life. Besides bang women."

* * * * * * * * * * * * * * * *

Entering Interrogation-Bravo, I said "Mrs. Patrick, I am Commander Don Troy, and I believe you know Detective Warner." Delise Patrick and Joanne nodded at each other. "And this is Officer Lydia Green, who will be our Uniformed presence during the interview, per protocols."

I sat down, as did Joanne. I said "I'm sorry for your loss, ma'am, and I'm sorry that we have to ask some questions at this time to try and determine who killed your son. First of all, do you know of anyone who might have had reason to want to harm Reece?"

"No sir." Delise said. Her voice was matter-of-fact, not quite shrill, but not pleasing to hear. I got a vibe that she'd married up... way up... when she got her hooks into Mr. Patrick.

"None at all?" I queried. "Have you had any problems at work, anyone give you trouble or threaten you?"

"No sir." said Delise.

"Reece was majoring in Business Administration." I said. "Do you have any idea what he intended to do after college? Work with his father, in his business? Or something else?"

"To be honest, I don't know, sir." said Delise Patrick. "Reece never talked much with either his father or me about his future plans, except in vague terms of starting up a business."

"What kind of business?" I asked. "And while I'm asking, what were his hobbies, his likes?"

"He never said what kind of business he wanted to do. What he did like was dating girls." said Delise. "That much I know. He never had any real hobbies. He was pretty social, and he liked to go out with friends, ride bikes, play baseball and football, all the usual boyhood stuff, I guess."

I nodded. "So your business is temporary staffing?" I asked.

"Yes sir."

"Of what nature? Secretarial? Accountants?" I asked.

"Mostly secretarial." said Delise. "Sometimes staffing for big projects like audits, to pull papers, clean up afterwards, stuff like that."

"And before, you were in Midtown?" I asked, peering at her. Her eyes became wary, almost suspicious.

"Yes sir, I was."

"And did you have any problems in Midtown or in the City?" I asked. "Angry clients? One of your temps get disgruntled?"

"No sir, I never had any problems like that." said Delise.

"Tell me, Mrs. Patrick," I said, "who were your clients? What kind of clientele did you serve?"

"Mostly office managers, executives, people in offices that needed temporary staffing." Delise said. Her eyes were really wary now. I decided to hit her with a new line of questioning.

"Mrs. Patrick," I said, "while in Midtown, I understand that you did business for certain State politicians. You also provided some of your ladies... and I know that virtually 100% of your temps are women... during evening hours. In addition, your business shows that you're cash-poor, and little cash flow... suggesting that said cash flow is perhaps under the table?"

"What?" asked Delise, bluffing. "What are you suggesting, Commander Troy?"

"Look, I don't care if you're running an escort service or not, Mrs. Patrick." I said. "I'm much more interested in why your son was chosen, singled out, to be murdered. Now are you sure that there is not someone you've done business with that might have wanted... for any reason... to kill your son?"

"Not that I know of." Delise said. "And that is not an admission of anything. Furthermore, at this point I want a lawyer before I answer any more of your questions."

"I don't blame you." I said. "Do you want to call one, or do we need to call the Courthouse to have one appointed for you?"

"I'll call one myself." said Delise.

* * * * * * * * * * * * * * * *

Back to I-Alpha.

"Mr. Patrick," I said, "I do have a couple more questions for you. What is the nature of your wife's business?"

"She runs a temporary staffing agency." said Mr. Patrick.

"Does she get reduced rent at the Wright Building, which you developed?"

"Oh, certainly." said Mr. Patrick. "Practically free, to be honest. I don't want a frying pan upside my head. I'm sure you know what I mean by that."

"No sir, I don't." I said, rather emphatically. Mr. Patrick frowned as his joke fell flat. I said "Sir, do you know what type of client your wife's business serves?"

"People who need secretaries, I guess." said Patrick. "Office staff, receptionists. The usual, I would guess."

"You don't keep track of her business?" I asked. "You don't file your taxes jointly?"

"Our personal taxes, we file jointly." said Mr. Patrick. "Our businesses are incorporated, so those are filed separately."

"Okay, sir." I said. "I would imagine the Coroner will allow you to make arrangements for your son very soon. I appreciate your help, and if there's anything you can remember that might help me solve his murder, please let me know."

"I will." said Patrick. "Sir, I have one question: what happened to my son? What really happened? I hear talk that some serial killer kidnapped and murdered him, but then that serial killer is supposedly dead..."

"I am working to find that out now, sir." I said. "I'll give you a more complete report when I have some information to give you."

* * * * * * * * * * * * * * * *

In the hallway, Cindy said to me: "I'm tempted to call in Callie Carrington to go undercover and see just what business Delise Patrick is running."

"In all seriousness," I said, "I'd let you do that, except that Callie showed up in this Town right as this murder happened."

"You're kidding." Cindy said, obviously shocked. "You don't really think she was involved with this, do you?"

"All I know," I said, "is that it's a possibility. So say nothing to her about this." I then went to my office to make a quick phone call.

* * * * * * * * * * * * * * * *

The Chief called me, Joanne, Teddy, and Cindy to the Chief's Conference Room after the interviews. He was mostly sitting in, listening. I ran the meeting.

"Okay guys," I said, "what did you notice?"

"Mrs. Patrick did not play." Cindy said. "She asked for a lawyer the moment you got within sniffing distance of her businesses possibly being an escort service. And to that end, why didn't you ask if Reece was a male prostitute, and if she was booking his appointments?"

"Because we are a long way from that." I said. "I'm not sure she was making his appointments, though it's logical that she would be. And her son was just murdered, so if she's not involved, that would be cruel. That can wait, for a little bit at least. 

"She doesn't seem emotional at all about her son's death." said Joanne.

"Neither did Mr. Patrick." said Teddy. "But men, and especially men like him that deal with tough people, are taught to not show emotions. So I don't know if his demeanor means anything."

"You are right about that, young Mr. Parker." said Chief Moynahan.

"And in this case, for sure." I said. "I think he's pretty stunned by Reece's death. He's been pretty quiet and still. I think he's struggling to cope with it in his own way. Now her reaction, that's a different story. Even Julie Newton cared about her sister. Delise Patrick only cares about one thing: green dollar bills."

"Think either of them are involved, Mr. Crowbarrrr?" asked the Chief in his unique voice.

"Let me just ask one more question." I said, a smile forming on my face. "Was there anything else that any of you observed?"

Everyone thought a moment, then Cindy's ice-blue eyes lit up. "Oh. I see what you're saying. Reece looks like his mother's son; he does not look like Mr. Patrick."

"No wonder you carry a green crowbar." I said. "Seriously, that's good. I was thinking that myself. I didn't ask, at least not yet, but it may be Reece is not Mr. Richard Patrick's biological son."

"Another rooster in the hen-house." said Joanne, which made us all laugh, partially because of the seemingly naive way she can be and can say things.

"Yes." said Cindy. "And that could be a motive."

"But the Commander does not think so." said Joanne, and very astutely. I just smiled, continuing to be impressed by Detective Warner.

"Ohhhhhhh," Cindy said, "because you didn't have either of them detained, or give them the 'keep in touch' warning..." I nodded.

"Heh heh heh heh." chuckled the Chief. "I love working with you guys..."

* * * * * * * * * * * * * * * *

At 2:30pm that afternoon, the Duty Desk Sergeant escorted FBI Special Agents Martin Nash and Sandra Speer to my office.

"Hi, guys." I said, having them sit down in the hot chairs. Cindy was on the sofa.

"Hello sir, ma'am." said Nash, still giving us respect even though he was not one of our employees anymore. "We wanted to come by and give you what we've found on the Reece Patrick case. We've been looking at it from the Federal angle of money laundering, through his father's business, his mother's, or both."

"Find anything?" I asked.

"Nothing really big with his business." said Nash. "He's a Developer, and has gotten into bigger and bigger projects over time. With that, and especially in the City, he had to deal with Government at the City and State levels more and more. And of course there's Organized Crime, who control most of his Labor building the projects."

"However," said Sandra, "Delise Patrick's business is much more interesting. We're going to get with the IRS and open a joint investigation. Not only is she running an escort service, some of her girls are possibly being used as couriers of information and drugs. Kind of like your friend Rita, Don, at least on the information part."

"Don't you guys dare go anywhere near Rita." I said. "I need sources of information, also, and hers is the kind of information that saves lives."

"No, we're not going to become the Federal Vice Squad." said Nash, showing his understated sense of humor. "But Delise, and possibly her husband, have connections that we are interested in. Guess who they had dinner with last night?"

"Well," I said, "they're from the City, so Katherine Woodburn, Billy Williams, and Congressman Condor are not likely suspects. So to meet someone here who could still be politically influential for them... I'd guess it was one of our U.S. Senators from this fine State?"

Sandra and Martin looked at each other. I said "Who won the bet?"

"Nobody." said Martin. "Jack's boss brought the hammer down on any more betting against you. But you're right. It was U.S. Senator Samuel Russell." I saw Cindy grin and shake her head.

"Is he clean or dirty?" I asked.

"You're asking that about a United States Senator, Don." said Cindy. "So that's a no-brainer." We all broke out laughing.

"True." I said. "And the terms 'no-brainer' and 'U.S. Senator' are well matched, also."

Sandra said "As far as we know, he's fairly clean, relatively speaking. He's a Republican, but one of the Establishment Elitists like Mittens Baker. Total coward, will give the Democrats anything they want, while telling his constituents he has their backs. Senator Richard Nunn is more truly Conservative and Anti-Establishment, and our guys in Washington tell us that they don't like each other at all, even though they're in the same Party. Russell is up for re-election this year, but his opponent is Zack Millner, who couldn't win a raffle if he bought all the tickets."
