 Disclaimer: Okay, this is the story that I wanted to write before I wrote the Amber and Miriam ones. I had to change it just a bit but the essence of the story remains true. I reunited with my first love, the first girl that made me experience the joys of Sapphic sex. I would tell you how we met, how we got together the first time but all of that will be implied in the story. I want people to know that this story is about two 27 old women reuniting to love each other not just as BFFs or 'sisters', but the lovers that we were meant to be, I hope everyone enjoys it. 



Friday, Oct 16th (12 pm): 

I was on my lunch break working as a librarian assistant when I get a call on my IPhone. I saw Nay's name and I immediately smiled as I answered, "Sis! What do I owe this pleasurable day that to get a call from you?"

Reneé exclaimed, "Girl, stop actin' so 'bougie'! I know you're at work and all but I need to talk to you for a minute."

 I asked, "Is everything okay?" 

She said, "Everything is good. I just wanna spend time with my sis. I told Sam that I miss my 'sis' and I wanna spend the weekend with you." 

I wisecracked, "No one told you to become an old married woman at a young age. The only 'Girl's Night Out' you have these days is with Ruthie and Essie. *Chuckles* BTW, are you bringing those adorable 'nieces' of mine?" 

"No," she said, "I want a 'Ladies' Weekend' with you." 

I again wisecracked, "Aight, now!"

She whined, "Stop it, Bun! Seriously, we have a lot to catch up on and I need a break right now."

("Bun" is short for "Bunny" which is the nickname she has called me ever since I was 10 because of the size of my ears.)

I asked with concern, "Are you sure everything is good with you, Nay?" 

She told me, "I am fine."

I could hear the apprehension in her voice when she asked, "So do you want me to come down or do you have other plans?" 

I told her, "I was going to carve some pumpkins for Halloween but I will do it next weekend. I might be single but my life is boooooring! Still, I will always make time for you."

 "Good", she said. "Carving pumpkins? What you should do is paint them 'flesh pumpkins' of yours and use 'em as Halloween decorations outside. No one would ever forget Halloween if you did this!" 

She laughed out loud and laughing with her, I cracked, "Shut your mouth! You are too much, girl. Leave 'Lanita' and 'Regina' alone. Like a good witch, I only use my 'powers' and 'charms' for good. You just bring your tall, big ol' booty over, aight?"

 "Yes, ma'am", she joked, "I'll be at Casa De Syreata at 7:30."

 "Perfect", I said with another genuine smile adding, "I love you, 'Sis'." 

"I love you more, 'Bun'", she said and then she hung up.

After I finished my lunch break, the rest of day was as uneventful as a day in the library can be. I helped out patrons, catalogue CDs and books and then I finished my day. Sophie invited me to dinner but I told that I would have to take a "rain-check" because I had other plans. She understood and we said good-bye to each other.

 I drove home with more enthusiasm and energy than I normally do because most Fridays I want to sleep in my bed. I am not the party club person that I used to be. Like I said, my life is boring these days. I don't get to see Reneé in person as often as like so this is a treat. 

I admittedly had concern because one thing I could say about her is that she has the life of a young woman who a lot of hetero women would be jealous of. She's a great wife to Sam who excels at being a stay at home mom. She did put her dream of owning a hair beauty salon and I always wondered if she was really happy doing that but I knew she loved her family. So my biggest red-flag was that she would never leave Ruthie and Essie or come see me without them. Nevertheless, I always looked forward to seeing her. 

It was a long time since we hung out the way she said she wanted and I most definitely missed her. Whatever troubled her, she would eventually tell me and I would be there listening to her without condemnation as she would for me. I got home and the first thing I did was take off my clothes so that I could shower. I turned on my IPhone playlist because the sound of music and water pouring me relaxes me like nothing else. 

I got out, dried myself off, put perfume spray and deodorant on and then put baby powder on "the girls" because they will smell musky if I don't. I know that's ETMI but I keeps it 100. I debated putting on another bra especially I wore on all day. But I loved the new bras I got from Miriam so I wore on my comfy soft cup 36Ms instead of the 34Ms. 

Then I put on my red boy-short panties and finally, my pajama pants. I'm ready. The doorbell rings. I'm surprised that she didn't call me so that I could answer the door for her.

 I answered it and exclaimed, "Nay, you're here! Come in, come in! You didn't bring a lot of suitcases so I guess everything is okay."

 "Always with jokes," she said smiling. "I love you too. Can I put my stuff in the guest room?" 

I answered, "I'll put it in there. You can unpack whenever you like. Relax. There is some red wine and food. You know where the fridge is." 

She went to the fridge and I took the opportunity to take her all in. Sisterly thoughts weren't the only thoughts I was having concerning her. First of all, even in the story I wrote about Miriam I've never described how she looks: She's 5'11" with cocoa brown skin, attention-commanding dark brown eyes, full pouty lips, and shoulder length thick dark brown hair. She also has long thick legs, a small waist with a lot of hips and ass. She has the kind of ass that had me masturbating many nights of her sitting on my face while eating her pussy. 

 Lastly but certainly not least since I am a "breast-girl", she's no longer the 32B that she barely filled out before Ruthie and Esther. Now she fills out a 36F. They're pendulous but are nice and full. Not to mention, I love her speaking voice. It's soft, husky with a sing-song melodic lit especially when she's happy. 

However, I didn't want to just ogle her. I was here to enjoy her company for the next 3 days. For the next 3 hours, we were talking, laughing and reminiscing over some of the great times we had together. Everything was normal, as normal as relationship as our relationship had morphed into since our high school days. 

Then it happened and what transpired has turned my once predictable world upside down. We were still listening to music which is one of the ways we bond because we're both music lovers. Ironically the song that was on at the time was Toni Braxton's "Let it Flow." Yes, my taste is that old school. We were sitting on the couch. 

We were done reminiscing when Reneé said, "This is why I came down here. I miss this. Hanging with you, you know." 

I agreed, feeling a bit tipsy from the red wine as I grabbed her hand. "I know, Reneé. Just like when we were younger." 

She clenched my hand before remarking in her wisecracking manner, "Not exactly, you know." 

I questioned, "What do you mean?" 

"You know what I mean," she countered. "Stop playin', Syreata! You know we've never talked about it." 

My response was, "Well you know why, right? What went on at ___ or ___ ________ Ave. stays at __ or ___ _______ Ave!" 

We both laughed. 

Then she said, "I always wondered would our lives would have been if I had not moved." 

I looked into her eyes and said, "We both went on the path that we were supposed to go. At least we didn't lose touch with each other. I love you, Reneé Maliah Rose-James."

 "I love you too", she said, "But you don't understand why I left my husband and two daughters to be here." 

She took a few seconds to pause, seemingly get her thoughts together. 

Then she furthered explained, "I do love Sam, you know. He's the father of my children. He's also intelligent and he's so selfless. Always putting me above himself and I am 95% sure than he is faithful to me."

I bantered, "You're only 95% trust him?" 

She shushed, "Girl, let me finish!" 

I jested laughingly, "Whatever!" 

She continued after our banter, "To be truthful, I wish he was unfaithful so that I could have an excuse to feel the way that I do. This wine isn't strong enough to help me say the things that I want to say" 

Standing up, she slowly took off her shirt and then her bra to expose her 36Fs with long hard erect nipples and delicious 4 inch wide areolas. My eyes widened a bit in disbelief not because I was in awe of their size but that she actually had the nerve to do this. She's the conservative one out of the two of us. 

Then she said with a smile in her melodic voice, "'Show and Tell' time, sweetie!"

I paused a bit before saying, "At your request." I proceeded to match her action. I heard a sharp intake of breath and a barely audible gasp. I saw her smile become brighter. 

She said, "Good girl! You really don't have any idea just how beautiful you really are. Don't you, Syreata? You have the most beautiful hazel eyes, Syreata Shaunaé Sanders. You hate that you have vitiligo but I always loved the contrasting hues of your skin. You're kind, loyal, funny, sweet, giving, and you're much more courageous than me. You were willing to come out as a lesbian and we grew up in the same community with similar experiences. I wish I had the nerve to do the same." 

 I asked in perplexed and puzzled disbelief, "What are you saying, Reneé?"

She seemed to avoid my question. 

Suddenly, as if her mind went to a faraway place, she started speaking in a low tone, "You know, after I moved, I wanted to start over. I was a new girl in a new environment. I was so scared. All I wanted to do was fit in. But believe me I struggled. I struggled real hard. Always found girls, females, women extremely irresistible, attractive, and gorgeous. I wanted to believe that I could hide but I was lying to myself because breasts, really large breasts, have always been my weakness. 

"You, of all people should know this. I missed 'us' so much. You just don't know! There was this girl named Yasmine, we called her Jazzie, Yasmine Santiago. She reminded me so much of you when we were all around that age. She was short with meat on her bones and big 'ol boobs just like you. What size were you when you when you was a senior in High School, 'Bun'?"

 I reluctantly yet proudly declared, "My true size back then was a 30JJ. Yep, a JJ Cup in UK sizing." 

Nay respond with enthusiasm, "That's right! You were that size back then. I remember all your growth experiences."

 I smiled again.

She continued, "Bun, you were big time temptation for me then. That's why for a while we had those awkward moments. I didn't know how to explain me wanting to be 'normal' and still wanting what we once had. I go to high school in a different part of the state and there is another big temptation named Jazzie. Her only 'crime' was being a threat to all my efforts to be hetero. 

"She was also a senior. She had 32GG boobs. [I raised my eyebrows in surprised approval] She was so proud of 'em always bragging about them. That's the reason why everyone knew her size and was rumored to be quite generous with sharin' 'em with other girls at school. One of our teachers, a female, was fired 'cuz she loved samplin' Jazzie's 'charms' as you like to say. When the 'da hood' found out, she was 'slut-shamed' so hard that her fam moved away to project her. It was so sad. I never saw her again. I used to have erotic fantasies of you comin' to my school as a student so that y'all could have a 'boob turf war' to see who could put the other in her place."

 I proclaimed, "That would have been fun!" 

"Hmmm-mmm," she enthusiastically agreed. 

Then she confessed, "I fingered my pussy all the time dreamin' of y'all two. With her rep though, that helped me stay far away from her and all potential lesbian experiences. That included college and there obviously many attractive hotties at Rutgers. I put my focus on succeeding in the books and no focus on the male gender. 

"Then I met Samuel and he became my 'escape'. Escape from all the questions: When are you going to find a good man? Do you like men? Don't you want to have children? I wasn't even 20 and out of college yet when I first started getting those questions. So I didn't do this to intentionally hurt Sam. He really is a good man and any hetero woman would love to have him. Yet I love women. Big breasted women and it is your fault, Bun! You corrupted me, Boo."

I barbed with lighthearted sass, "Don't blame me for your perverted ways!" 

A duet of laughter ensued. 

A few seconds passed before I asked the one question that I want to ask her ever since she told this bombshell that has truly baffled my mind because this came out of left-field, "But you chose to play for 'The Other Team', though. I understand why. What I want to know is why are you're telling me this now? Reneé, I love you too but you're a married woman now and to a man at that." 

There was a pregnant pause as she seemed to ponder my question. Then she nodded with her eyes closed before looking intently at me. 



She answered, "Like I said, Syreata, I was scared, confused and the last thing I wanted to do was pull you into my confusion. All I knew was that you went on with your life after us. I was just happy to still be your 'sis' though I still loved you. If I got caught out there with another girl or if I came out, I would have to explain. To my family and that meant this would've involved you. I couldn't do that to you. I loved you too much and when you came out all the way, I was still in my denial phase and then I got caught with up Sam after that. You have no idea how jealous seeing you with other girls and women but I had to deal. I made my bed, you know. I'm tired of lying in this bed and lying to myself. All to deny the struggle I have had for so long. I always loved you and I want to show how much I love you now."

She had with tears in her eyes when she finished what she told me. It pained me to see her pain which I could see vividly in her eyes. I scooted over to her on the couch.

 I whispered to her, drying her tears with my hands, "It is okay. I love you too. I love you too." 

I looked up at her and we 'reunited' with a light, soft kiss. We pulled away, look into each other's eyes and did it again with more intensity this time. She was lightly fondling and rubbing the sides of my breasts while I was rubbing her lower back. We kissed some more, then I pulled away, stood up to lead her to my bedroom. We took off the last bit of clothing we had and threw them on the floor. 

I was going to take the initiative as the "experienced one" and make love to her but she stopped me and said, "No, Syreata. Let me show you how much I love you." 

She kissed me again. On my lips, then my right earlobe and down my neck. Every kiss was soft but with intent and purpose. I could smell wine on her breath. Down past my neck-bone, my breastbone to "Lanita" and "Regina" which as all of you know is my "nicknames" for my breasts. 

She paused and went to her knees when she got to them and actually whispered, "I can't wait to worship y'all again." 

Her voyage began with holding up "Nita"(my left breast) with both hands, bouncing them in her hands playfully to get use to its girth and heft. Then a kiss followed. More soft kisses followed. Reneé licked my nipple, then around the areola before retreating to the nipple.

I moaned, "Do that Nay! Do that!"

 "I see 'Nita's' getting so hard and 'she's' such a big beautiful girl", she whispered happily

After another 3 quick licks of the nipple, she put her in her mouth; slow and soft. Then I heard an audible exhale as she put as much of "Nita" as she could possibly could. She couldn't fit all of my areola in her full mouth. It wasn't for lack of effort! She continued to suck gradually harder and more deliberate before taking "Nita" out of her mouth as I moaned my delight as her efforts.

I delightfully continued to encourage her, "Jesus, Reneé, that mouth of yours! Suck that tit!"

Then she took it out and slapped her chin twice with it as if she was punishing herself for surrendering to her carnal desires. 

However, she gleefully declared, "I could do this all day!" 

We both smiled at each other. 

She slapped her chin a couple more times. She licked around the areola some more before going back to more suction style sucking. 

"Mmm", she moaned as she was sucking.

 I felt shivers enjoying every moment. 

Backing away for air, she looked at "Regina" which is my right boob. 

I lifted "her" asking Nay, "You want 'her'?"

 Instead, she whispered in a taunting sing-song voice, "Awww, 'Gina' is so 'jelly' (jealous) right now. She's used to getting all the attention being 'the bigger twin'. You gotta wait your turn, boo!" 

She blew on "Gina", giving "her" a loving peck on the nipple and promised, "There's more where that came from, babe!"

 I whispered closing my eyes, "Shit!" 

Reneé lifted my left tit back up with her hands to give her more licking of my nipples before more areola sucking. Loud popping sounds came from her slow sucking. She took it out of her mouth and smacked her chin again. Nay gave it another lick on the nipple before sucking my areola hard again. 

Finally, my "sister" and lover held it with her right hand and said, "I had fun with you. Now it's your 'bigger twin's turn'!"

She gave it a slap on the side before she switched over to "Gina". With 2 hands, she bounced my left boob just as she did with the right getting used to its heft. 

"Shit, you're a heavy one." she shamelessly quipped as she continued to bounce it in her two hands. 

My Reneé proceeded with her slow, gentle kisses to the nipple. She gave my right boob more thorough quick licks, then around the around the areola slowly. She did this 3 times. 

I muttered, "My God, Reneé!"

Then she sucked with the same passion and effort as she did the first time with "Lanita" going as deep as she possibly could into her full pouty mouth. Several seconds of that, she put her right hand underneath "Gina" to hold her up and she patted my tit flesh 3 times with her left before she gave my nipple two more kisses. 

She couldn't resist talking to "her" again, "You like that?" 

Then she laughed. She slapped her chin then she rubbed her face, letting "Gina" have her way with her. I had never seen her so animated and excited. She was in boob worship heaven, taking both nipples pulling on them. Using them as leverage to lift them up, she made them drop slapping my stomach with both of my boobs while we were still sitting on my bed. She did this 4 times. Then I decided to lean forward so that they could dangle and hang. She slapped them with both hands which went on for 10 seconds. I sat back down and let her admire them some more. 

In her reverent whispering husky melodic tone, she said, "You always had a lot of boobs, but my God, Bun! What da hell do you feed them monsters?" 

I told her teasingly, "Stop playing! You know I need implants, girl!." 

 "Ha! Ha! Ha! I'm serious, Syreata. I'm the mother of the two of us, older by 9 months and much taller than you [Me: I'm only about 4'8"] but you're the one with all this," 

She squeezed my boobs together to form its long, deep cleavage after finishing her sentence.

 I quipped, "Like you're tiny and flat. You weren't a 36F when you were 14 or even 22. My darling god-children grew you out a bit." 

Another duet of laughter ensued as I held up and juggled her tits in shameless worship. 

"And those nipples of yours could poke someone's eye out," I further proclaimed. 
