 Take 7: The Finale

I knew that I was in an exceedingly difficult and very worrying position. I was aware that my relationship with Sammi, my eighteen year old lesbian lover, had been building towards something like this. Ever since my daughter, Sammi's school friend, had gone off to South East Asia and Australia on a gap year of travelling, events between Sammi and me had become more extreme. Almost from the moment she seduced me in my own home and introduced me to lesbian sex she had become more and more dominant and controlling. And as she did that, I became more and more submissive. I had welcomed her control, I had found that I relished her humiliating me and I began to welcome her demeaning and abusing me. 

Before Sammi as much as I had not been involved in any bisexual or lesbian encounters I had also not been involved in any Domme/sub stuff either. Post Sammi, and that was less than six weeks ago I had taken to both like a duck to water.

That was why I was in this private room in the basement of a club in Notting Hill with Sammi and two other women, both of whom were about my age. It was why I was dressed in a thin, white, button up blouse that was too small for me with no bra and a knee-length, silky, quite loose skirt. Sammi had specified quite clearly what I should wear and how I should look. Hence, I was wearing little make up, my hair was, for fuck's sake, in pigtails and I was wearing a suspender belt, short, tanned, seamed stockings and, by special command, big bottomed, see through, pink net knickers, a la Bridget Jones.

It was also why I was in a pool of dim light shining down from a spot light in the ceiling, leaning forward with my waist at almost ninety degrees holding the back of chair. It was why my skirt had been rolled up and it was why Sammi and both Jo, a slim, tall, pretty, blonde haired, self-admitted dyke and Sandra, an equally tall, sandy haired beauty from Spain, had caressed my bum and and kissed each other as I looked on. I guessed that it was Sammi's control that had both of them dressed in black, as indeed she was. Jo was wearing a black silk blouse, which came down to her hips. It was undone most of the way down the front so that most of her small boobs were continuously being exposed. She was wearing tight trousers or leggings tucked into knee length, shiny, black, leather boots. Sandra was dressed in a much more feminine way. A long, ankle length, black sparkly dress with a slit to her waist on her left side and a tight top with a halter neck set off what looked like a splendid pair of breasts and her long, slender legs to perfection. With her soft, wavy hair tumbling down onto her bare shoulders, her full, passionate looking lips, heavy lidded eyes and high, prominent cheekbones she looked wonderful.

Sammi's need to dominate and control everything and to humiliate and abuse me were probably also the reasons why she had removed her track suit top and was just wearing the bottoms with the waist rolled down so that her pubes were almost shown and, as always, her flip flops. Her body was as muscular, lithe and taught as one would expect from a professional athlete; she had just signed a contract to play for Arsenal ladies football team. Her need was why, I knew, but doubted the others did, that when Sammi embraced them she was gentle and loving, tender and caring; characteristics she rarely, if ever, displayed to me.

Yes it was my, now, acceptance of lesbian Domme/ sub activities that had caused all of these things. And it was also the reason why Sammi had just said.

"We are going to spank your arse until we make you cum."

++

"No," I immediately gasped.

"What do you mean no?"

"You musn't, I've never been spanked," I replied realising immediately that firstly, that would be no deterrent to Sammi at all and secondly, it would probably piss her off. "I mean Kevin will see the marks," I added thinking quickly.

"No he won't he's away for ages, they'll be gone when he gets back" she said, referring to the nearly three week business trip he was on to China.

I had no way out, there was nowhere to go. I couldn't think of anything to say, although I had no idea whether what she said about them being gone was true or not. I couldn't summon up the nerve to argue. I was terrified.

Sammi came up behind me and fumbled with my skirt. I couldn't work at first what she was doing, but then realised that she was tucking the hem into the waistband. I didn't know why.

"Stand up," she ordered. "Turn round."

I faced her; Sandra and Jo were either side and slightly behind her. Sammi took the hem of my skirt at the front and tucked that also into the waist band. My 'private' parts being exposed in the horrendous see-through, pink, net knickers made me feel embarrassed, but there was nothing I could do.

"Walk round the edge of the light" she said ushering the others to join her standing right in the centre of the pool.

Walking round and round them several times, their eyes always on me gave me a number of sensations;. Embarrassment, of course, a sense of being ridiculous and feelings of being totally dominated and very humiliated. They combined with the latent exhibitionist tendencies that Sammi had recently unleashed in me to make me also feel excited, aroused and full of a dreaded expectancy.

The others were smiling and giggling as they ogled me. Through the pink lace they were obviously seeing the narrow 'landing strip' of pubic hair that I had sported since being told to by Sammi, my exposed, probably slightly bloated and certainly damp lips, the full, rounded, wobbly cheeks of my bum in the knickers and the crease between them.

"Way to go Amanda," Jo cried."

"Bravo," Sandra added in her soft Spanish accent.

"Shake that ass baby," Sammi growled as they all laughed before she added. "I fuckingwell mean it you slut."

I adopted an exaggerated wiggle with my hips swaying a bit like a catwalk model, or so I imagined. They laughed and whooped and wolf whistled so I guess it was ok. I certainly felt good about their reaction. 

I was, I realised, beginning to enjoy being the centre of attention, having others stare at me and at exhibiting 'my bits' to them. As I circled Sammi and the other two women I postulated as to how that sat with my desire to be, and my increasing liking of being dominated and humiliated. In some ways they seemed contradictory.

"Come here now" Sammi ordered.

I went into middle of the pool of light and stood meekly before her. She was flanked by the hardish faced Jo and the beautiful Sandra with the comforting smile. They all looked at me. Sammi reached up. I thought she was going to grab my tits, but she didn't. She took hold of the lapels of the blouse. Pulling on them she stretched the material so it pulled my tits up and was tight across them. It emphasised my clearly erect nipples.

"You fucking slag," she snarled gripping one of the swollen buds and pinching it making me gasp with pain. "Look at your nipples. They're all swollen up because you're flashing your cunt and arse aren't they?"

"No," I reacted, immediately regretting it for she simply squeezed harder.

"Yes, yes, I'm sorry," I whimpered seeing from the looks in the other girl's eyes that they were enjoying seeing me being humiliated, well certainly Jo was I wasn't so sure about Sandra.

She let go of my nipple, but continued holding the blouse. "I bet you're all wet as well aren't you?"

"I don't know," I said quietly.

"Well as Jo has already been there and has made you cum, maybe we should let Sandra find out shall we?"

"No, no."

"Why not?"

"Er, I don't know."

"Well that's just fucking stupid isn't it," Sammi said adding. "And really quite insulting to Sandra."

"Oh yes sorry."

"Be a love and give her a check Sandy," Sammi said looking at the beautiful Spaniard.

"My pleasure," she breathed moving closer and looking deep into my eye. She didn't say anything, but by the small smile and the look in her eyes she seemed to be saying sorry. I gave a slight nod. Even as I felt her fingers touch the top of the knickers and start sliding downwards, we held each other's gaze. I found the glint in her eyes, the lovely fullness of her lips with the sexy cupid bow in the middle and the quizzical, slightly amused looking smile on them, both reassuring and very sexy.

As her fingers slid across my pubic patch, found my clit then pushed the material slightly into my lips, I grunted and my body shuddered as a powerful surge of sexual delight rushed through me.

"Nice?" she mouthed adding for Sammi's benefit. "She's wonderfully wet Sammi." I gave a slight smile and nod of gratitude to her.

"You filthy fucking slut," Sammi stormed pushing Sandra out of the way and standing right in front of me. There was an almost manic look in her eyes; she was clearly enormously aroused something that happened more from giving than receiving. "You'll pay for that."

And then in one furious yank she pulled on the lapels of the blouse. They seemed to resist for a moment before giving away with a tearing sound. All the buttons popped one by one as they were ripped through the button holes.

"Oh God," I cried, rather ridiculously grabbing the blouse in an effort to stop myself being uncovered and thinking rather ridiculously 'how the hell will I get home?'. That was, I guessed, a perfectly natural thing to do in most circumstances; women don't like their breasts being exposed without their permission do they? But in this situation it was pointless, for it would only piss off Sammi and, I suddenly realised in any case, I was quite pleased to have, particularly, Sandra and Jo look at my breast. 

I let go of the thin material and the blouse fell apart, with the edges of it catching on my horrendously swollen nipples.

To my anguish Sammi made me walk round the three of them several times. I still had the hem of my skirt tucked into the waistband, I still had my big bottomed, see through knickers on show, I was still showing my pubes and pussy, my sussie belt and stockings and the crease of my bum. But now my tits, which for some reason seemed bigger and fuller than their, 35 D or DD size, were bare, jiggling and wobbling as I walked and on show to the three women.

"Ok that's enough flashing, lets get serious, come here."

She motioned for me to stand right in the centre of the spotlight.

"Bend over, try and touch your ankles. There you are ladies one of my favourite arses Sammi said.

They all went quiet. They were, I imagined staring at my bum. I felt embarrassed and exposed, but also excited and full of expectancy. I knew that I was going to be spanked, but not how, with what or by whom. My heart was pounding as I stood there bent over with my bum exposed. And still nothing happened. I kept wondering what was going on, but didn't dare say or do anything. The waiting was agonising, but somehow seemed to add to what was becoming a thrilling ordeal. I must have stood like that, in a humiliatingly, sexually exciting position for several minutes; it could have been as short as two or as long as ten, I lost track of time so much was going through my mind.

And then, then after what had seemed an age, I felt fingers touch the elastic round the waist of the full knickers. A stockinged leg touched one of my legs and a trouser covered one the other. That must be Jo and Sandra I concluded, but no one spoke.

Slowly, so annoyingly slowly in many ways the two set of fingers started to roll the elastic down the top of my bottom or the bottom of my back. I wanted them taken off, but then the thought of them being off scared me. When they were off they would be able to see everything and also then the spanking would begin. 

God I had never experienced such a combination of conflicting feelings that created such sexual tension in me.

The elastic had reached the top of my crease, the gully that still has the base of the spine at the bottom. But now fingers were also stroking me, caressing me and gently rubbing me. On my back, on the top of my buttocks that had been exposed, on my thighs and on my cheeks still covered by the knickers. 

Everything was happening so slowly. They must have practised it, I thought.

Sammi walked round in front of me. She was still wearing her tracky trousers, but no flip flops I noticed. Her upper body was bare and had been oiled. Her tiny tits and dark nipples seemed to glisten at me and her flat stomach seemed to beckon my tongue to lick down it. I wanted to do that, but then in the extreme state of arousal I was in I would probably have done anything.

Without even looking at me Sammi went and sat on the chair. Once seated, she looked at the other two and smiled, but not at me. Clad in just the rolled down trousers with the top of her body oiled, she looked very sex, thought not that feminine.

The top of the knickers on their slow journey had now reached half way down my crease. The unseen hands that were now continuously touching my bottom continued easing them further down and along that deep, dark crevice. Just as the elastic seemed to have gone past my anal hole they stopped. Fingers slid down both sides of the crease and ran along the bottom flittering across and touching softly the puckered skin round my hole. I am very sensitive there and although I am not keen on penile penetration, Kevin often uses his lips, tongue and mouth on it and a finger slightly in it, sometimes giving me full orgasms purely from stimulating that part of my body.

Sammi looked across.

"Right ladies," she said.

It must have been rehearsed for, simultaneously, they slid their arms under mine and straightened me up. My knickers were still half way down the crease of my bum at the back and along the top of my pubic line at the front. I still had the skirt and other stuff on. They walked me across to Sammi and we stood in front of her. It was as if they were offering me to her; like a sacrificial lamb I thought nearly, but not quite smiling at my dry wit. She smiled, looked at my pussy and said.

"Yes."

With one of them each side of me they slid the panties down so that the elastic was round my thighs, probably six inches beneath my pussy. As they did that so, momentarily, the gusset stuck to my lips and as it came away I had a lovely feeling of release. 'My cunt is bare for them,' I irrationally thought.

She nodded to her right and they pulled me round there so I stood facing the side of her legs. I was now so nervous that I was pleased that I had Jo and Sandra supporting me. She looked at each of us in turn then nodded again. I felt that I should struggle for it was as I imagined it would be for someone being led to the block to have their head chopped off. I didn't, though, and instead I let them lay me across Sammi's knees her left one pressing into the bottom of my boobs. Either Sammi's or their, I wasn't sure which pulled the knickers further down so that all of my bum was exposed. I could 'feel' them all looking at me for obviously in such a position my vulva was on show.

And then nothing happened. I couldn't see any of them as they were behind me, Sammi did nothing, no words were spoken and I just lay there ready and waiting. Everything other than the outside of Sammi's left leg, which was pressing into the underside of my left tit was quiet, still and silent. The anticipation on my part was huge, the apprehension massive and the feeling of an impending move into the unknown was daunting.

I couldn't help thinking that it was all rather ceremonial; a ritual with integral parts and actions; somewhat of a planned event, with each of us having a key role. It was pretty clear what Sammi's and mine were, but far less so those of Jo and Sandra.

I had been holding my breath, but had started to breath almost normally again. I had been extremely tense, but had relaxed a little. My heart had been pounding and my pulses racing so much, but they had slowed. I was becoming used to being so humiliated, to having my blouse ripped open and my tits bared. I was being accustomed to having those big, pink knickers rolled down round my thighs and having my arse and vulva on view. And I had settled down lying across Sammi's lap. But then suddenly, dramatically and stingingly clearly it all changed.

I think it was the sound as much as the pain which made me hold my breath, tense up and made my heart beat and pulse race again. 

Then suddenly, from out of nowhere I felt the sting of Sammi's hand on my right cheek at the same time as I heard the loud smack. It wasn't that hard, but it seemed to be so loud. It was as though it echoed round the room. It didn't hurt that much, just a slight sting.

No one said a word, there was no sound and after that erotic noise of a hand spanking a bum there was silence.

I expected another smack quickly, but none came. Sammi was teasing me, building the suspense and making me wait for my punishment, or was it my pleasure?

Then just as I had slightly relaxed and the flesh of my buttocks had lost their tension and had gone nicely, wobbly soft, smack, her hand crashed down again. This time it was harder, it was on the other cheek and it hurt more. I bit my lip.

Again the delay, the wait, the suspense and the building of the tension.

This time she hit me just beneath my right cheek, more on my upper thigh. It hurt and I gasped with pain.

I saw both Jo and Sandra moving round in front of Sammi so they were facing me.

Sammi smacked me again, this time just below my left cheek. It hurt and I cried out.

I could see a sort of pattern emerging, or thought I did.

Smack, smack, smack, smack.

Shit the four in quick succession hurt more, much more. She was though spreading them out all over my buttocks and upper legs. This was not a random beating, it was clearly a planned and much practised ritualised spanking.

Jo joined in and smacked my a few times and then Sandra, but she hit me more softly than the others.

My legs and bum were now boiling hot and stinging. I was hurting everywhere. I started to sob. I felt the tears run down my cheeks and drop to the floor.

I tried moving to relieve the pain. I raised my knees, then dropped them again, I opened my legs then closed them. It was no good. There was no escape from smack that were now coming all the time from each of them, the pain, the stinging and the abject humiliation.

My sobbing increased, I was gasping and moaning out loud and crying hard. I was in such awful pain that I didn't think I could take much more, I thought I might faint. I tried rolling from Sammi's lap, but the strong arms of Jo and Sandra kept me there.

Then the most amazing thing happened. Possibly, no certainly, the most incredible change of sensations took place I had experienced happened.. 

The stinging changed to a burning, though not unpleasant warmth. The pain became a deep rooted sensation bordering on pleasure. The anguish changed to enjoyment. My fear turned into desire and, I wanted more. I fell in love with the hands that were doing this to me.

But those hands were cleverer than me. They were experts, they had seen it all before. They knew exactly what they were doing, but then as spankers it was their job to lead the spankee.

The smacking stopped. Instead fingers gently fondled my bum. Someone's, Sammi's I thought, slid between my legs and stroked my bloated lips. Another ran along the crease of my ass finding and pressing on my anal hole. Other hands reached beneath me and cupped my breasts which seemed to have filled up and grown to an enormous size creating a massive pressure on my nipples. The fingers pinching them helped, a little to relieve that. 

Then I saw Sandra's legs poking from her long skirt as she walked round in front of me. She knelt down, I raised my head, our eyes met and we gazed at each other. With that wonderfully, quizzical and so sexy smile on her face I watched as her hands went behind her neck. As they did, she arched her back a little pushing her breasts inside the sparkly, black dress towards me. I saw that they were fuller than I had originally thought, but then breasts without a bra often do, unless in something very tight!
