 My mind drifted back to that night, a few months ago, when Kia had locked her keys in her car at karate practice. I walked out to catch her beating up her car. 

"Anything I can do?" I asked. "Can you beat it up by yourself, or do you want me to hold it down?"

Kia swirled around, startled. "Oh, God, you scared me. I didn't hear you come out."

"Yea, I know, you were busy assaulting your car."

"I locked my keys in the car," she laughed, "and there's no one at home to bring me my spare. By the time I got out, everyone had already gone. I guess I'll have to walk."

"How far to your house? I'll give you a ride on my motorcycle, but I only have one helmet."

"I've never ridden a motorcycle. My mother would never allow it." She looked as if she was debating my offer.

"I won't tell your mother," I said solemnly, "if you won't. I'll even leave my helmet here and come back for it. That way I can hear you if you scream."

Kia looked me in disbelief, then a smile crossed her face as she realized I was kidding. "I won't scream." She gave directions to her house.

"Well, come on," I said, tossing my helmet to the grass beside her car.

She crawled on the bike behind me, reaching her arms around my waist, and I gunned the bike and we took off, into the night. 

Now, Kia is an Asian American, one of those combinations who are incredibly beautiful and sensuous. At nineteen, she stood five foot three, maybe five four, with luxurious black hair that fell to her shoulders. Tonight she had it pulled back in a ponytail. Now I see why they say men think women in ball caps and pony tails are sexy. She has a petite figure, no fat anywhere. But what really got my attention was her tits. They were rather small, but had very long, full nipples. I had seen them protruding behind her t shirts, as if to say, "Look at me." They made my pussy ache. And right now, they were boring into my back.

Kia held on tightly as we made our way away from the lights of town. It was a beautiful night, stars twinkling in the sky. Not that I noticed them. All I noticed was those nipples burning holes in my back. I was actually getting turned on.

Kia lay her face against my back, and I felt her hot breath on my back, through my shirt. Then I felt something strange. It felt like Kia was kissing the back of my neck. Oh my God!! She was kissing me! I felt her hands slip upward, and she cupped my breasts gently. Not the best thing to do on a motorcycle at sixty miles per hour, but I maintained control...of the motorcycle, that is. I had no control of my body, my own nipples instantly hardening under her caress. She noticed right away, taking my nipples between her thumbs and forefingers and gently pinching them. My cunt spasmed, and as if she sensed my reaction, she slipped her hands down, to the button on my jeans. Deftly she unbuttoned and unzipped them, and slipped both hands inside my panties. I shifted on the seat to give her access, and her fingers brushed my clit, then slipped into my moist opening. I shuddered, and gradually slowed the bike, afraid I would lose control. She moved her finger deeper inside me, and at the same time, shouted over the roar of the engine. "The next house is my house. Pull around to the back. No one is home."

Thank God! I rolled the bike to a stop behind a neat two story house, killed the engine, and put my feet down to steady us. Instinctively I leaned back against Kia, and she resumed her play, kissing and nibbling on my neck as her fingers worked their magic between my legs. 

I was on the verge of orgasm, and she kept me near the peak for an agonizingly long time. Finally she pulled my shirt over my head, exposing my tits to the heavens. I always wear a bra, why did I not tonight?

"Turn around," she whispered, "and face me". I put the kickstand down, then turned and straddled the bike backwards. She leaned toward me and kissed me, the softest and tenderest kiss I ever felt. I returned it, slipping my tongue into her mouth, brushing against her teeth, and was met by her tongue. Her hands found my breasts, and squeezed them lovingly. I reached for her small breasts, my hand going underneath her shirt as if they had a mind of their own. They were so soft and full. I was mesmerized my her nipples. I rolled them between my fingers and tugged them, eliciting a moan from Kia. We kissed for several minutes, then she urged me backwards until I was lying across the tank, with my head on the handlebars. Uncomfortable as it sounds, at that moment I wouldn't have traded places with anyone in the world!

Kia leaned forward and sucked first one nipple, then the other. I swear she could read my mind. Reaching down, she pulled my legs up around her, and began tugging my jeans over my ass, removing jeans and panties in one swift movement, leaving me gloriously naked. Again she bent forward, and I reached for the hem of her shirt, pulling it over her head. Pushing me back once more, her mouth again found my nipples, biting each lovingly, as her fingers found my most private parts, until now only touched by my husband, never by a woman.

Her hands searched their way up my inner thighs, until her thumbs met at my vagina, where they parted my lips delicately. One finger eased inside, and I could feel my nectar spilling across my ass and soaking the seat. Her tits were pressed against my tummy, the nipples hard and hot.

Slowly she trailed kisses downward, her finger still probing my insides, kissing my tummy and below, finally reaching my neatly trimmed pussy. She began to lick, lower,...lower,...,almost,...THERE!!! Her tongue flicked across my clit, and I exploded, moaning incoherently.

I don't know how long I climaxed, or how many times. All I know is that she removed her finger and stuck her tongue deep inside. She sucked and licked as if she could never get enough, and I just rode the waves of pleasure that swept through my body. When at last she pulled her head away, all I could do was lay there, trying to catch my breath.

Suddenly, we heard a car turn into the driveway. "Oh, shit, get your clothes on, it's my mother!" Kia cried. We both hurriedly dressed, and went to greet her. Kia told her what had happened with the keys, and that I had brought her home. When her mom heard we had ridden a motorcycle, she went ballistic! "You no ride motorcycle, you get killed! I take you back, get car. You no ride motorcycle!"

And that was that. Kia sneaked a goodnight kiss as her mother put away groceries, still ranting on and on about "crazy girl, you no ride motorcycle". I could smell my scent on her lips, and I was disappointed that I did not have the chance to return the favor. I anticipated our next time together, but so far it had not happened.