 When my husband started posting my pictures online I left him too it, but as I saw the pictures of normal people having sex I got so turned on. Eventually, I realised it wasn't only the sex that excited me but also the wide variety of women posting on the site we like! There was something incredibly erotic about seeing normal women like me sharing themselves for all to see that changed my attitude towards them completely!

So for year and a half now I have been full on bi-curious, just waiting for a chance to have sex with another woman! But chance has never come, until 6 weeks ago!

I'm going to call my new lover Claire but it is not her real name - I have to have some secret.

Claire and I have been friends for about a year since her son joined my daughters school. She lives about 2 roads away from me but we walk the same way home with the children after school. I've noticed that she has a really sexy bum and what seem to be nice small tits but nothing happened until the last week of the summer holiday.

That week there was a holiday club at the local church so we sent our kids off there for the week. On the last day I had a day off work and so did Claire, so when she offered me to go for coffee at her house I thought about the cleaning at home and decided to wait until later to clean and went round.

The weather this summer was lovely and that day was really warm, so we sat in back garden with our coffees. After chatting for a bit Claire asked if she minded if she changed into her bikini as she wanted to make most of the sun. I said I did not and was secretly looking forward to seeing more of her.

She came back down and was in a lovely but not overly sexy bikini. Her body was not like the airbrushed models we see in magazines but instead showed the signs of having had a child, with a few stretch marks and a bit of a mummy-tummy.

As we carried on chatting I kept trying to look without being caught, but suddenly Claire asked if I like what I saw! I was so embarrassed, but she did not seem to care. She said that she had seen me looking at her before now and did not mind. In fact she liked the attention!

I was still bright red with embarrassment so she put her hand on my knee and told me not to worry.

I felt really uncomfortable now but also a bit excited. Was this the start of something or was Claire just being a friend?

After a couple of minutes of awkward silence, Claire asked me if I was ok. I said that I had not meant to embarrass her to which she said again that she liked knowing that I liked looking at her, and that she had seen the glances I had given to other women too.

I was really aware of the warmth of her hand on my knee and really did not want to break the moment. Suddenly, Claire broke contact and got up and went into the kitchen. I did not know what to do so I got up and followed her in to try to explain. But when I got there she carried on talking. 

She explained that there was a good reason why she was a single mum. I knew that her son's dad had not been around for a long time but did not know why. She explained that she had got pregnant after a long relationship but he had left when he found but she did not mind that as she was already seeing someone else - another girl. The problem is that girl had also run when she found out and Claire had not been with anyone since.

Then she asked the question I'd always been both scared and excited about, had I ever been with a woman?

Again I went bright red and tried to get an answer of some sort out, but Claire cut me short by walking across the kitchen and kissed me!

I have to admit that the first thought in my head was "this ca not be happening!" My mind was in turmoil as I thought this sort of thing only happened in erotic stories, but finally after what seemed like an age, I found myself kissing her back!

Almost instinctively my hands found themselves on Claire's waist and somewhere in the back of my mind I realised that her skin felt different to Miks - softer, smoother. 

After a couple of moments we broke apart and just stared at each other. Claire looked at me and I saw a hint of nervousness in her eyes. I realised that she had taken a big risk in taking the lead so I simply said "Wow!" and gave her a quick kiss.

I said that I could not help but see how sexy she was but that I had never even kissed another woman before. We sat down at the table and held hands as we talked a little more and I explained that my interest in women was quite new. She said she understood as she had been there herself and then kissed me again.

As our tongues moved together I realised that a line had been crossed and that I did not want to let this moment end. I broke the kiss and something along the lines of that tumbled out of my mouth and Claire simply smiled. She took my hand and led me out of the kitchen and towards the stairs. As she started up them my eyes were drawn to her beautiful, bikini-covered bum and it was almost hypnotic as she climbed then before me. The trance was broken when she asked are you coming and I looked up to see her grinning over her shoulder at me!

Following her upstairs, I found myself in her small bedroom and Claire turned towards me again. I walked over and this time I started the kiss. She had woken something inside me and I wanted to fill the need that was building up within me.

Again, my hands found there way to her waist and that difference between Miks and Claire stood out in my mind. Everything was different, the kiss, the touch, the smell, everything!

I was suddenly aware of the fact that Claire's hands were round my neck and that one was fumbling with the button at the top of my back! For some reason the moment reminded me of the clumsy fumblings of so many men with my bra, that I burst out laughing.

Claire looked horrified and I had to quickly explain what I was laughing at. She did not look convinced so I reached behind me and undid the button myself, pulling the top over my head! Now it was my turn to be worried as I'm not exactly super-model material, but Claire simply looked me over and moved in to kiss me again.

As we kissed deeply she again reached behind me and undid the zip of my skirt and we moved apart enough for it to fall to the floor. Now I could feel her against me, our bellies touching, my breasts pressing hers through the material of my bra and her bikini top. Her hand slipped onto my bum and one of mine went to hers. We pulled each other even closer!

When we again broke of the kiss, there was an unspoken agreement as to what would happen next. We both reached behind our back and undid the only thing holding our breasts in place. As I saw hers freed from the bikini, the difference between ours was obvious. Whilst mine are 38D and are now not as pert as they once were, hers were no more than a B cup and despite having nursed a child were firm with the most beautiful puffy areolas and nipples.

My hands moved with a will of their own to touch them and for the first time I felt another woman's breasts. Her mouth opened slightly and the lightest sigh slipped out. We moved to the bed and started to make out, kissing and caressing each other.

After a few minutes Claire rolled me onto my back and started kissing my neck, gently moving her way down over my shoulder until I felt her move her mouth over my breast and lightly bite my very hard nipple. At the same time her hand slipped inside my panties and started to play with my hairy mound.

I know I let loose with a moan at this point and all it seemed to do was give permission for Claire to carry on what she was doing. She shifted herself around and my hand found its way to her bum. As she continued to kiss and nibble and caress, my hand started to pull her panties down so that I could stroke her cheek. I could not quite reach between her legs, but at this point I was struggling to ignore the increasing feeling between my own legs.

Her hand continued to move between my legs and suddenly I felt her fingernail brush over the hood of my clit. I gasped and Claire stopped kissing my boob and sat up with a wicked grin on her face. Her finger moved back to my clit and in response my bum seemed to jump off the bed. She slowly started to circle but it was almost painful until she slipped her finger lower to get it wet. As she moved her hand back again she was relentless, playing with my clit and kissing my nipple until I exploded into a mind-blowing orgasm!

As I started to come down from the incredible high, Claire cuddled up to me gently caressing my side and nuzzling my neck.

We just lay there for a moment as I recovered and enjoyed each other's presence. Slowly I raised myself up and simply stared at her beautiful nakedness. She was stunning and I just knew I had to have her there and then!

I sat up, and her first reaction was to think I was going to get up, as again she looked fearful, but as I reached over and started to pull her panties down she responded by lifting her hips to allow me more access. She pulled herself up for a moment and kissed me again and then lay back opening her legs so I could see my new lover's pussy. Her meaty lips were so different to mine and the hair that covered her was fine and light, just like her blond hair.

I moved between her legs and started to kiss her neck, with my own groin hovering just above hers. I gently kissed my way down her chest until I found her firm breast under my mouth. Slowly I took her nipple into my mouth and felt the fullness of her puffy areolas filling my mouth as well. The sensation was incredible and I felt her hands press my head firmly down onto her.

But I wanted more!

I continued to kiss lower and lower and as I did one hand slipped between our bodies to start caressing her pussy. For the first time I found myself playing with a clit other than my own and for a moment I sat up!

Everything was different! Whilst I had watched myself masturbating in a mirror before, this was a completely different angle of view. Claire's pussy was so different too, with her meaty lips! And instead of the sensation that my pussy sends to my brain overriding the feeling from my hand, suddenly it felt like my hand was supersensitive, feeling every fold of skin under my fingers.

I was mesmerised for a moment, until Claire gasped and her clit slid out from its protective hood as my finger touched it. It was like a green light and I lowered my face to her groin and kissed her. The smell of her sex was incredible and I found myself tasting her for the first time. Her hands moved to my head and moved through my hair holding me in place as I licked, and sucked and probed and did all those wonderful things that Miks does to me!

Slowly Claire's breathing got faster and faster and suddenly she spasmed in her own orgasm, gasping and panting and holding my head in place!

Once she calmed down I lay down next to her and just enjoyed the feeling of her in my arms. Claire smiled at me and we kissed again, the kiss of satisfied lovers. I knew then that this was the start of something new and wonderful!

We spent the rest of the day chatting and laughing together and shared another passionate kiss before picking up the kids and going our separate ways. 

We've got together a couple of times since that day when work and family commitments have allowed and both times have had incredible sex. It was not until later that I realised I'd cum from only Claire's hand, so the first time she went down on me was fantastic.

When Miks got home from work that evening, I told him I had something special to tell him once the kids were asleep. When I told him about Claire he could not keep his hands off me and the sex we had was mind-blowing. The first question he asked afterwards was whether he could watch and join in (typical man)! Claire's bi too and she knows he knows, so who knows what the future holds!