 This is my first story. All criticism is welcome. If this is well received I'll keep them coming. 

Thanks for reading! 

***** 

Riley sighed and leaned back in her chair in the small coffee shop. The change of environment wasn't helping as much as she thought. Math was stupid and whoever invented calculus should be shot. Too bad that wouldn't stop her professor from handing out the midterm on Friday. She needed a break but knew that if she put the book down then her chances of picking it back up were slim to none. With only two days left to absorb the formulas she didn't have any time to slack. With another heavy sigh, she swept a hand through her short curls and started to stick her nose back into the calculus textbook. 

To her left the bells on the door jingled. Eager for any distraction, Riley turned and saw the tail of a familiar brown and white Black Sox jersey. It was Jae, the only other stud in her class, looking as handsome as ever. Today she had her jersey open over a black tank top, grey cargo shorts that sagged slightly on her hips and her dyed blonde shoulder length dreadlocks hung loosely around her sunglassed face. She was an androgynous goddess, tall and powerfully built with the sway of Africa in her hips and an obviously feminine curve in her thighs. They had hit it off pretty quickly, studying together sometimes. Jae, being much better at calculus, struggled to beat the formulas across Riley's head. Riley had a little bit of a crush on Jae despite her friend being a bit of a skirt chaser. Jae saw her and smiled as she strolled over. 

"What are you drinking?" she asked taking a seat across from her friend removing her sunglasses and locking Riley into a hypnotic trance, causing a delayed response. 

"Black coffee." 

"You need a refill or maybe some whiskey?" 

"Im cool." 

Riley laughed and shook her head. Jae glanced down at Riley's papers and smirked. 

"Calculus is still kicking your ass huh?" 

Riley let out a mock-agitated groan. 

"How did you know?" 

"Well you've been MIA ever since we heard about the midterm" 

"I was lucky that I passed the last quiz." Jae laughed. 

"You need a break. How does chinese food, a joint and a few bad movies sound?" 

"Sounds great but I know if I stop now I'm not gonna look at this book again until Friday morning." 

"Aw come on. I'll make sure you don't get any sleep tomorrow and I'll even help you study." Riley looked into those big honey brown pleading eyes and couldn't refuse. 

"What time?" Jae's smile pushed the math even further from her mind. 

"I've got another class in fifteen minutes and I have to take my parents to the airport today so maybe around 8 or 9?" Riley nodded. 

"See you then." Jae slipped her glasses back on, stood and turned toward the barista. 

I cant wait. 

***** 

Riley knocked on the door at about 8:30. She had showered, dressed in a pair of blue basketball shorts and a loose fitting shirt, bought an eighth of some green and a pack of zig zag papers and was prepared for a nice relaxing night. Jae answered the door and Riley struggled to keep from gaping at her friend. 

Jae had changed out of her shorts and into a pair of grey sweatpants. Her friend wore another wife beater that stretched tightly across her flat belly, this one white. Her arms were amazing. Not huge or beefy but lean with tattoos swirling across the muscles, decorating them beautifully. Riley noticed that her friend wasn't wearing a bra. The piercings on her breasts winked at her, causing an involuntary hum of appreciation to escape her lips. Jae leaned against the door jam, letting her hair fall to one side, almost posing. 

"Are you done?" Jae teased. Riley shook her head, trying to clear it of embarrassment and dirty thoughts. 

"Sorry." Riley mumbled, tearing her eyes away from her friend to push past her and into the small apartment. 

"Where can I roll this up at?" Jae closed the door. 

"Anywhere. The food should be here shortly." Riley sat at the bar and began the process of breaking down the weed and rolling up a joint. 

"Can I ask you a question?" 

"You just did." 

"When was the last time you got any?" Riley snorted as Jae sat next to her. 

"Too long." 

"I can tell. Thats another reason why you're all uptight about this test. What happened to Monica?" Riley began licking and sealing the joint. 

"She's history. She was into too many things with too many different people." Jae laughed. 

"Yeah she really was." 

Riley looked at her friend and narrowed her eyes. 

"Did you-" 

"I wouldn't do that to you." Riley nodded, biting the twisted tail off of the joint and sparking it. 

Half of the joint was gone before Jae decided to speak again. 

"We need to get you some pussy before Friday my friend." She mumbled. Riley cackled. 

"Nah I'd rather wait until after midterms." 

"It'll help. You'll be more relaxed and you'll do much better on the test." Riley smirked. 

"And who do you suggest? I'll tell you now I don't want one of those little homie hoppers that you have in your phone." Jae smirked and leaned close to Riley. 

"I wasnt talking about them." Her voice dripped with sensuality and her light brown eyes bore into Riley's dark brown ones. They were glazed over and Riley could tell it wasn't because she was high. There was one emotion in them and that was lust. Riley's clit swelled against her boxer/briefs. The doorbell rang, startling Riley out of their staring contest. Jae licked her lips. 

"I'll get it." 

She stepped down off of the stool and dug in her hand into her back pocket for her wallet. Riley released her breath and puffed on the joint some more. Did that really just happen? Her lady-killer friend hitting on her so blatantly had built a fire between her thighs. 

"Food's here." 

Jae came back loaded down with bags upon bags of chinese takeout. 

"I want to finish this doobie." Riley knew her friend wouldn't take the roach because she didn't like to burn her fingers. 

"Ok. Give me a shotgun." Jae shrugged and spun Riley's chair until her stomach rested against her friend's knee. 

Riley was backed into a corner and being stoned only stripped away her resistance even more. She took a huge hit off of the joint and leaned forward to blow the smoke into Jae's mouth. Her friend kept her hands on the sides of the barstool. their lips were a hairs width apart when Riley began to gently blow smoke into her friend's mouth. Jae accepted the smoke, bracing her hands on Riley's hips. Riley felt her knees parting but could do nothing to stop it. She spread her legs and locked them around Jae's knees, pulling her friend in even closer. Jae blew the smoke into the air with a moan and slowly pressed her lips against Riley's. 

Riley leaned into the kiss, wrapping her arms around Jae's neck. The first kiss was teasing, their lips lightly brushing, tongues sneaking out to steal tastes of each other and hands exploring bodies. Riley felt her nipples harden as Jaes fingers slipped under her t-shirt and around her waist. Jae stepped even closer, pulling Riley to the edge of the barstool. Riley's head began to spin. She had always tried to deny it but she wanted Jae ever since they had sat next to each other in calculus. Everything about this stud was attractive. Her cinnamon brown skin, small c-cup breasts, flat muscled belly, lean arms, thick thighs, tattoos, nipple piercings and dreads. She had worked herself into multiple masturbation comas thinking about Jae but never had the courage to do anything. They separated. Jae's eyes twinkled in the low light. 

"How long have you been attracted to me?" Her voice was a low rumble that vibrated gently against Riley's chest, causing her nipples to stiffen even more; to the point of aching for Jae's touch. 

"A long time." Jae made her way under Riley's sports bra and caressed the delicate skin under Riley's breasts. 

"What about you?" Riley moaned. Jae swept the bra and t shirt over Riley's head, exposing her chest to the cold of the air conditioned house. 

"I got tired of waiting for you to make a move." 

Jae shot forward with the speed of a striking cobra and sucked Riley's nipple into her mouth. Riley yelped at the pain and pleasure of Jae's teeth raking against her nipple. 

"And the way you looked at me when you got here," Jae hummed around Riley's nipple. "I knew I had to get you." Riley arched into Jae's touch, tangling her hands into her soft dreads, massaging Jae's scalp as she toyed with her nipples, biting gently, sucking, her tongue tracing a wet path across her skin from breast to breast. Riley moaned her appreciation and spread her thighs. Jae kissed her way up to Riley's neck and sank her teeth in to the sensitive flesh of her clavicle while lifting her off of the stool and carrying her toward a bedroom. Riley ground her hips into Jae's, noticing an unusual hardness where the soft mound of a woman should be. 

Hmm. 

Jae smirked and gently lay Riley down on the bed. She slipped a hand into the front of her sweats and pulled out her strap on. Jae's hair fell over her eyes and she looked up at Riley with an apologetic grin. "I thought I should be prepared." Riley reached for Jae and pulled her into a kiss, this one more lustful than the last, indicating to both of them that there shouldn't be any more delays. no more talking. lips clashed. tongues dueled. Jae wriggled out of her pants and quickly snatched Riley's shorts down. Riley pulled her new lover into the bed with her, reaching past the strap-on harness to stroke Jae's wetness. Jae moaned appreciatively, urging Riley on with her hips, thrusting and bucking against the hand. Riley slipped a finger into the wetness and was rewarded with a long groan. 

"Yes." Jae hissed into her cheek. Riley gripped her classmate's hip with her free hand and sighed into the dreads on her shoulder. She smelled like coconuts and Sean John cologne. Jae arched against the bed as Riley traced her tongue across her clavicle and throat. She nipped at Jae's earlobe, sending a shuddering moan out of the dreadhead. Suddenly, Riley's hand was snatched away from Jae's wet pussy causing a whimper to escape her throat. Jae sucked the fingers into her mouth, licking each digit clean before leaning up to whisper. 

"Turn over. " 

Riley eagerly obeyed, splaying her bare ass much to Jae's pleasure. Jae hummed appreciatively and smacked Riley's ass, admiring the jiggle. Riley was pleased yet impatient to be touched. She wiggled her rear in the air, signaling her readiness to Jae who simply chuckled. The warm softness of Jae's breath tickled at her labia and clit, swelling them to the point where she thought it would burst. Jae pressed a long kiss against the wet lips. Riley arched into the touch. She wanted to pin Jae to the bed and ride her face until it looked like a glazed doughnut, but she had to be patient. Just as the thought entered her mind. Jae slipped her tongue between Riley's pussy lips, easily finding and sucking on the little button that made her core quiver. The tongue traveled toward her ass, stopping to take a deep drink from her entrance. The velvety softness of Jae's lips and the rhythm of her licks almost drove Riley to an orgasm. Almost. The long strokes of Jae's tongue became kitten licks, then feather light kisses before it disappeared completely. Riley moaned disappointed before the head of the 8 inch dildo was pressed against her aching hole. 

Riley slammed her hips back onto the dick, taking it halfway into her. Jae moaned before completing the stroke shoving her borrowed extension deep within her classmate. Riley's head was buried in the blankets silencing her grunts of pleasure when Jae began to stroke her. Her movements were torturous. The other stud would bury her dick deep into Riley's pussy before slowly pulling back, almost fully exiting her aching center. Jae knew how to work her hips, wriggling them just right to hit the spots inside Riley that made her see stars. She grunted with effort as she sped her movements. Soon, the slap of skin against skin was ear shattering. Riley relished being full, then empty, then deliciously full again until she couldn't hold back anymore. She called Jae's name before her orgasm ripped through her, shattering her world before rearranging it back into the right order. She panted heavily against the sheets. 

"Am I dead?" 

"You'd be the first." Jae chuckled, unbuckling the harness to reveal her dripping pussy. Riley lay back against the sheets. Jae strattled her head. 

"You're not done yet. I'm gonna get mine." 

No problem for Riley. She spread Jae's lips and dove in, sucking the salty sweet clit into her mouth, dipping her tongue into Jae's hot, tight cunt, licking up every drop and diving deep to draw more of the juice into her wanting lips. Jae moaned and tangled a hand in Riley's hair, working her hips against the other woman's face. 

"Eat it." Jae hissed. 

Riley slipped her finger into Jae as she drew on her clit with her tongue. It was over way too soon. A hot spurt of liquid hit the underside of Riley's chin. She eagerly lapped up the squirt and felt the rest of Jae's pussy orgasm around her fingers. The stud rolled off of Riley's face and pulled her into her arms. 

"I don't think we'll be able to get any work done tonight, babe."