 This story is a bit wordy and fairly long, so if you are looking for immediate gratification, you might want to look elsewhere.

------------- -----------------------

The following story is a work of fiction. Any resemblance between actual persons, living or dead (or just confused) is entirely coincidental. Please do not copy/redistribute the story, in part or in total, without the author's permission.

This story takes place in the entirely fictional city of Springfield, California, so don't go looking for it on a map. And in my little fictional world, there are no unwanted pregnancies or STD's, except as plot driving devices. The author encourages the practice of safe-sex.

This story is about two of my favorite things: Lesbians and professional wrestling. It is also the third part in an ongoing series.

-------------- ----------------------

"I can't believe I did that," Lilly Kline said as she rocked back and forth on her bed, her knees tucked in against her chest. Several days earlier, she had been employed at a job that she hated and had a secret crush on one a female professional wrestler. Since then, she had assaulted another woman who had insulted the girl that Lilly was interested in, lost her job, and the whole "secret" part of her secret crush had been blown out of the water when Lilly had kissed Tiffany in the parking lot of a McDonalds. Then Lilly had run off like a frightened rabbit. She hadn't been able to sleep at all the previous night, but she wasn't sure if that was from her incredulity regarding her kissing Tiffany, or the lingering excitement of that same event. Then she heard a knock on her door.

"Lilly?" came a familiar voice at the door. "I know you're in there! Your car is here and you left your light on."

"Go away Deb!" Lilly said, leaning against the wall.

"I don't think so," Deborah replied. "I really think we should talk." There was a pause. "Lilly, I saw the whole thing. But don't worry, I didn't tell anyone and neither did Tiff. I just want to talk."

A few seconds later, Deb heard a chain sliding and the deadbolt being unlocked. A very dejected-looking Lilly opened the door, then wandered back to sit on her bed. Deborah closed the door behind her and sat down at the other end of the bed.

"So . . ." the blonde woman started.

"So . . ." Lilly replied.

"Well, I guess this means you won't be bringing any boys home to meet your parents?" Deborah said.

"You would 'guess' correctly," Lilly said despondently.

"So, let's hear it. The whole story, staring with when you knew, and ending with why you kissed Tiffany."

"Kinda pushy, aren't you?" Lilly said.

"Yes. And I'm not easily distracted. We've already established that you and I have never been close. Let's cut that out. C'mon, talk to me. You're going to have to talk to Tiffany sometime, so wouldn't you rather hear it all out loud before that happens?" Deborah just kept staring at Lilly until she got a response.

Lilly sighed. "She's just so . . . and I'm so . . ." Lilly was making incomprehensible motions with her hands, trying to find a way of expressing herself.

"I couldn't have said it better myself," Deborah said with a smirk. "Tiffany's something, isn't she? And did you know she thinks that she's unattractive?"

"It's bullshit," Lilly replied. "Probably because of bitches like Gabby talking down to her all the time."

"I think Tiffany's image problems started before Gabby, but she probably didn't help."

"But Tiffany is more than beautiful. She's genuine. She doesn't backstab people to get ahead. She says what's on her mind. She stands up for people who deserve it, even when they wouldn't stand up for her."

Deborah felt a twinge at that statement. She and Vicky and Jeanna all still felt a bit guilty about leaving their new friend dangling on her own in the wind as long as they had. Everyone had assumed the powerful woman was impervious to the barbs she had received, but apparently she had felt every sting.

"That's all true," Deb said. "So why didn't you say anything? It's just in the last few weeks that you've been . . . less irritating than usual."

'Could it really hurt just to tell her?' Lilly thought. She sighed again. "I have trust issues."

"I gathered. Why?"

Lilly rested back on the bed, staring at her ceiling. "My parents . . . they weren't exactly the most 'hands on' kind of people. They always sent me off somewhere to go to school. That includes a small, all-girls Catholic high school."

"This is beginning to sound like one of my movies," Deborah said. "What happened?"

"Well, I began to have feelings . . . I guess that isn't too strange. Most people do at that age. But I didn't feel it for the boys we saw walking past the school."

Deborah smiled. "What was her name?"

"Anna Palin. Star of the school's basketball team. Long legs . . ." Lilly drifted off for a moment. "We also roomed together in the same dorm. One of the other girls scored some pot . . ."

"Now this is REALLY sounding like one of my movies," Deborah chuckled.

"Well, we all got baked, played truth or dare, and there was a whole lot of girls kissing girls going on. Most of it was pretty innocent. But I got dared to kiss Anna, and I wasn't feeling very innocent when I did it. And when she slipped me some tongue, I got the impression she felt the same way. Then we went back to our dorm room . . . and you can guess the rest. We were both fifteen."

"What happened?" So far, it didn't sound to Deborah like a bad story, which probably meant the worst was coming.

"For about six months, I learned everything I wanted to know about being with a girl. We had both turned sixteen by the time we were caught. Another student stumbled into our room when we were . . . you know. Anna . . . she told everyone that I had gotten her stoned and then seduced her. She was the star athlete and her parents donated a lot of money to the school. I was . . . expendable. So all her friends . . . all my friends . . . everyone turned on me. No one wanted to be associated with me."

Deborah scooted down and pulled Lilly against her. "I'm sorry, hon. Kids can be cruel."

"It wasn't just kids. The faculty treated me like a leper until they finally got around to kicking me out. My parents didn't care about my side. They just figured that I was a drug addict and a deviant, and sent me off to two years of military school to 'set me straight.' But my permanent record went with me, so I basically got the same treatment. The only people who would talk to me were the guys in the motor pool, so I kind of got assigned to work there until I graduated. But I actually kind of liked having a sense of purpose, so I enlisted in the army. A year in, one of the base officers took a 'liking' to me. When I shot down his advances, things got ugly. He went back and dug up everything that he could on my past, found out I was gay and got me kicked out." Lilly was actually beginning to cry. "And the worst . . . the worst part was having to crawl back to my parents and ask for help. They made it seem like such a burden on them to help out until I could get into college. They've got a fucking house here in Springfield and one in the fuckin' Bahamas, but it was INCREDIBLY inconvenient to let me stay in either of them for a few months."

"Welcome to the club," Deborah said, her eyes a bit teary.

"What club?"

"The outcasts." When Lilly looked confused, Deborah cracked a smile. "A single gay mother, a bisexual ex-porn-star and now . . . and now a young lesbian ex-army philosopher."

"What about Vicky and Jeanna? Are they . . ."

"I think any questions you have about Vicky and Jeanna should be addressed to them," Deborah said sternly. She wasn't going to be the one to out the two women. "But . . . there's something you should know, but you CAN'T tell your uncle."

"Okay," Lilly said, somewhat interested.

"Tiffany . . . and I . . . well, we've been more than 'just friends' on a number of occasions."

Lilly's eyes shot open. "So . . . so I never even stood a chance? She and you . . . but you're married and . . . Damn it, it's not fair!"

"Before you go ballistic and hurt me or anything, she and I are NOT an item. We both . . . we both needed someone. And we both needed to be wanted, if that makes any sense. I'm not the one who's going to get to settle down with her and knit potholders with her." Deborah smiled. "That job is still open. But it'll never be you if you hide in your room for the rest of your life."

"But . . . but why aren't you . . ."

"Trying to make it work with her? We've already mentioned that I'm married, and I'm not likely to be in a position to change that anytime soon. And I'm not discouraging you because you seem to have good intentions. But keep in mind, any thoughts of Tiffany had better include Sally, otherwise you're in for a wake-up call."

"So . . . you think I should . . . go for it? And there won't be any problems with you and me?"

"I think you should go for it you really want it, and I'm not the one you need to worry about. But if you're good with Tiffany, you're good with me." Deborah patted the young woman on the leg. "Now get your swimsuit. A bunch of us are going to Great Falls Water Park this afternoon."

"I can't . . . I'm not ready," Lilly whimpered.

"You can and you should. Of course, I can't make you, but the longer you wait, the more of a chance someone else will come along. And you'll actually have a chance to see her in a swimsuit. I promise, it'll be worth it," Deborah said. "Just . . . just tell her what you told me. Let her get to know you. You're in her good graces right now. Don't blow it."

"I don't have a bathing suit."

"We'll go buy one."

"I don't have the money."

"I'll pay for it," Deborah countered.

"But . . ."

"Listen," said Deborah, putting her foot down, "you can go with me to buy a suit and then go to the park with us, or I can call Tiffany right now and tell her where to find you and have her come by your room."

"I'll get my purse," Lilly said, finally caving in. 'When did Deborah get so bossy?' she grumbled mentally.

"Good girl. And don't even try to crawl out the bathroom window. I've seen those movies too."

-------------- ------------

That afternoon . . .

-------------- ------------

"This has turned into a circus," Tiffany said as she got out of her car. Somehow, her friends had sprung this excursion on her at the last moment, and since Jeanna had already brought tickets, Tiffany would have felt bad about letting them go to waste. And when Jeanna had dropped by to spring the news, Sally had looked so excited that her mother couldn't say no. But Tiffany had made the mistake of calling her brother and seeing if he wanted to bring his wife and kids, and her entire family had decided to show up, including cousins. Not that she minded being around her family, but she had got a call just before leaving that Deborah was showing up with Lilly in tow, and Tiffany wasn't sure what was going to happen when THAT young lady arrived. 'Maybe I need a chaperone,' she pondered. She had talked with Deborah on the phone earlier, but her friend was being tight-lipped about her conversation with Lilly. 'Some friend,' she thought irritably.

Sally was running around in circles with her cousins under the watchful eye of Vicky, who found herself up to her elbows in pre-teen children. Tiffany was sure that some of the young boys might be sent through puberty a bit early after seeing Vicky in her bikini. It wasn't that it was an inappropriately skimpy suit for a family park . . . it was just that Vicky could make a burlap sack look sexy. But the blonde beauty was having a blast already, and her girlfriend was watching her from nearby. Tiffany wished they would just come out so that they could be a more public couple, but she understood why they had their secrets. And they would probably be especially careful that day, since Vicky had apparently invited the DeFields, as well as Marcia "Vixen" Levinson and her boyfriend Tom.

Then, Tiffany saw Deborah's car pull up, and her friend quickly got out. The simple black one-piece suit she was wearing was barely able to contain those enormous tits, and Tiffany was willing to bet that Deborah was going to attract any attention that wasn't focused on Vicky. Deborah stood at the passenger side of her vehicle, trying to coax her passenger out.

Finally, the dark-haired young woman got out of the car, one wonderful leg at a time. Tiffany had never seen the girl in anything but her semi-formals or casuals before, and she liked what she was seeing. Lilly had a hot, tight body! She wasn't built or cut nearly as much as Tiffany was, but Lilly would still have looked pretty good in a fitness competition. Her slim hips were sporting a sexy pair of tight blue swim-trunks that exposed just a bit of butt poking out the bottom, and her handful-sized breasts nicely filling out her bikini top.

"Damn," said Jeanna nearby. "Not bad! I'm a little surprised to see her here, but the view is nice!"

Tiffany silently but wholeheartedly agreed. She was still glad she hadn't told Jeanna about what had happened last night. This could be awkward enough without her friend's "good natured" ribbing. Deborah and Lilly walked over to Tiffany. Deborah gave her part-time lover a friendly hug, then waited for one of the two to say something. They just stared at each other awkwardly. Deborah rolled her eyes, then noticed how many people were nearby.

"Last one into the water is a rotten . . ." Deb started, then was almost stampeded by children heading towards the gate, their parents in hot pursuit. Deborah sauntered after them, hooking up with the other grown-ups from NAXW. She glanced over and saw Jeanna walk over to Vicky before doing something that took Vicky by surprise. Jeanna took her girlfriend's hand in her own and moved towards the ticket counter. Vicky's look of surprise was unmistakable, and she quickly flushed with joy.

Lilly saw the two women walk off, hand in hand. "Wait," she said, forgetting her own problems for a moment. "Are they . . . I mean . . ."

"Yeah, they are," Tiffany said. She didn't think she that needed to keep it a secret if Jeanna and Vicky weren't going to keep it a secret anymore.

"There's a whole lotta gay women around here these days," Lilly said, staring at her feet.

"Apparently so," came the response. "More of them than I anticipated, or so it would seem."

Lilly looked Tiffany in the eyes. "I'm SO sorry about yesterday. That was WAY too forward of me. I had no right . . ."

"To hell with 'right.' Why?" Tiffany was confused, but she didn't want to spook the girl.

"Uhm. Because . . ." Lilly steeled her spine. "Because I'm attracted to you. I have been since I first started working for the company, and because I'd been wanting to do it for so long that . . . that I stopped thinking."

Tiffany's head was reeling. That was a lot of confession to wrap her brain around in such a short period of time.

Lilly waited a moment, then began to babble again. "I knew it. I knew I fucked up, and now you're trying to figure out how to get out of talking to me. I'll just wait out here until you guys are done and . . ."

"No, that's not it at all," Tiffany said, finally finding her voice. "I'm just . . . you have a knack for surprising me. I used to think you hated me like you hated everybody else. This is . . . it's strange for me."

Lilly was taking deep breaths and trying to get her heart rate back down. 'Okay, second chance here,' she thought. "I don't hate you . . . or a lot of people. I . . . I just assume the worst about them . . . and I assume that they think the same way about me."

"That's kind of . . . bleak, isn't it?" Tiffany replied.

"Yeah, I guess so."

Tiffany motioned towards the park by tipping her head. "So why don't you tell me a little about yourself. And . . . and why you feel the way you do? After we go on a couple of rides first," she added.

"That would be cool," Lilly replied, thankful for the brief reprieve before starting the whole story again.

Actually, Lilly had a lot of fun that afternoon. She hung out with all the girls, as well as Tiffany's family. She and Jeanna actually had to be dragged away from The Screamer, which was a four-story-drop waterslide. Tiffany stuck mostly to the tube slides and kept an eye on her daughter. Vicky spent as much time near Jeanna as she could, though no force on Earth was going to get her to go on The Screamer. Apparently she and Jeanna talked with all their attending coworkers at some point or another, leveling with them about the girls' relationship. While some conversations were serious, no one seemed to be ready to condemn the two of them. In fact, some of them didn't seem all that surprised.

But Lilly's most relaxing time was when she and Tiffany took a break from the rides, climbed into a couple of innertubes and floating along a canal that encircled the entire park. That was when Lilly was able to tell Tiffany about the unfortunate string of events that led up to her dismissal from the armed services, as well as a number of bad relationships that had occurred in college. Lilly had developed a tendency to wait until she was approached by a woman, under the delusion that if the girl worked at it a bit, it meant that she was more serious in her pursuit. That had turned out to be a fallacy. And Lilly got to learn about the unfortunate set of events in Tiffany's life that ended with a blessing, namely the birth of Sally, and she also found out how close Tiffany had come to quitting the business. Even though she had only known Tiffany for a couple of months, Lilly couldn't possibly imagine her NOT being in a wrestling ring. 

"So Deborah talked you into staying?" Lilly asked.

"Yeah. I was going to quit right before the Los Angeles show, but she screamed at John long enough to get me back on the card. Things have been . . . better since then. Well, better except for Gabby, and you kind of took care of that."

"I am SO lucky I didn't go to jail for that," Lilly said.

"Sounds like your uncle doesn't have the balls to deal with your folks, especially for a disposable piece of garbage like Gabby."

"How many have there been?" Lilly asked.

"About six within the company, at least that I know of. Deb deserves so much better than him," Tiffany said, almost absentmindedly.

"By the way . . . Deborah told me . . . about you two. For what it's worth, I like her. I'm glad you to were able to help each other out," Lilly said. Then she saw Tiffany blush bright red.

"'Help each other out.' Is that what they're calling it these days?"

"I would've called it something else, but it looks like you're about to have company," Lilly said, looking at the bank of the canal as Sally leapt from the side directly into her mother's lap. The air was driven out of the woman's body and her butt sank all the way through the hole in tube. She was actually wedged into the hole, with only her head and her legs above the knee visible above the rim.

Sally hugged her mom's head. "Hi Mom!"

Tiffany gasped and tried to smile. Lilly started to laugh, as did the few other people who were gathered on the bank.

"Huh . . . honey," Tiffany finally got out. "Mommy can't breathe."

"Sorry," Sally said. She looked around, then crawled from Tiffany's innertube onto Lilly's. Lilly wasn't sure what to do, particularly when Sally grinned at her, then curled up in her lap and watched her mother trying to extricate herself from her predicament.

Lilly noticed Deborah standing on the bank and watching. She had an evil grin on her face. When Lilly mouthed the words, "What do I do?," Deb just shrugged. This is what she had been talking about: Tiffany and Sally were a package deal. "Did I invite you over here?" Lilly asked, shaking her head.
