 Author's Note: You should always clean your toys before and after using them. 

Reedited by: Literotica editor Jack Mayne, many thank to him working with my story.

Short description: Story is about my maid, who was a virgin girl and how I was able to take her virginity.

Characters: Rita me and my maid Jhanky.

****

I was reading a newspaper at my parent's home when I heard the maid and I said hello to her then went back to reading my newspaper. I think she picked up the cups and left but after a while, she was back and looking at me.

"Yes? Do you want something?" I asked.

"Yes, ma'am, actually I want to discuss about my daughter," said Shanty, my family's longtime maid.

"OK, go ahead."

"Ma'am, actually you asked me about another maid for your apartment," she said.

"Oh, yes I remember a few days back I asked you, so have you found any one?" I asked her.

"Yes, ma'am, I did found someone," she said.

"Who is she, do you know her?" I asked.

"Yes, ma'am. She is my daughter.

"What, your daughter?" I said. "I think she is so young and doesn't she still go to College?"

No, ma'am, because of my husband. He drinks a lot and we have to fulfill his needs – if we don't he beats both of us so that's why I asked about my daughter," Shanty said.

"But you know your daughter is young isn't she?"

"Yes, ma'am she is young, but last month she turned 19"

"Well, can she manage living alone much of the time at the apartment?" I asked her. "You know I only stay there once in a while to entertain special guests."

Yes ma'am she can manage, she is alone now most of the time at home."

I reminded her I lived a different life at the apartment since I was a lesbian and used that place for my games with other girls.

"Yes, ma'am, but she can manage," Shanty said.

I told her I will pay 2,500 Rupees a month and she would have to live there full time.

She agreed, and I told her to bring her daughter to me in the morning so I could talk with her alone.

When I first saw her, she appeared quite young, average looking, sky and looking down at her feet.

I talked to her for a while alone and she tells me her name is Jhanky and that she cannot read or write.

I asked her if she could manage alone in my apartment.

"Yes, I can manage alone," she said.

I told her to go and send in her mother. A moment later, her mother reappeared in my bedroom.

"She looks fine to me and for now she can have the job at my apartment," I said, but I wondered how she could feed herself alone there if she cannot cook.

A few days later, her mother told me she had been giving her some cooking lessons and now should be able to cook for herself.

"She can definitely cook now. She can fry eggs, make coffee, tea, and drinks, for herself and also for you," Shanty said proudly.

My apartment had two bedrooms with attached baths, kitchen and a living room with a television set. One room would be mine and one for Jhanky. No one but my "secret friends" and me ever lived there so this would change things.

It was a hot, humid day in Mumbai when I took Jhanky there and showed her the apartment. I told here that I bring my very special friends there and she should stay out of sight and in the kitchen or her room.

"Don't come in where we are and don't spy on what we are doing," I told the wide-eyed young girl. I also told her not to change things around without asking me first.

I told her to bring some cold water for me and she obeyed my order. After giving me water she went back to the kitchen and asked me about the dishes there. I thought I should bring some plates and glasses for Jhanky but I hadn't so she could use the old ones and I could bring some new for myself. 

After drinking the water I asked her bring some apple juice for me. She did, then sat near me on the sofa. We started chatting about things, and I told her how she was to behave when I was busy with my friends and I told her what she could do in her spare time. She listened and I answered her questions.

A few days later, I was sitting on sofa watching movie and I asked Jhanky get some massage lotions and oil from my bedroom.

"I am tired and need a massage, Jhanky; can you do that for me?" I asked the slender young girl.

"Yes, ma'am, I can do that," she said. "I used to do that for my mother when she was tired after working at your parent's home." She went to my room for the oils and lotions.

I stripped naked and wrapped a towel around myself, then took off the towel and spread it on the sofa and laid naked on it.

She started with my shoulders, applying some lotion on my shoulders then she starts with her hands. I loved the feeling of her soft, young hands on my body. The first massage from my Jhanky was awesome. Her fingertips went from shoulders down my arms to my hands.

Her hands had a magic way of applying lotion, using her fingertips. I felt so relaxed.

Then she went to my feet and toes, up onto my legs to the knees, softly stroking and massaging my legs. It was wonderful, I felt her soft angel stroking, mixed with some delightful squeezing and rubbing.

She hesitated when she got near my naked ass, but I told her softly not to worry because she is a girl, too, and she should not be nervous. 

Jhanky poured some lotion on the soft contours of my tight butt and her fingers made my feel their magic.

After a few minutes, I told her to put her oiled finger into my ass hole and massaged inside. She paused a moment but then her finger slipped into my butt again. I moaned when the small finger touched my sensitive anus. Then she pushed her finger in deeper and I gripped the pillow and moaned loudly. My pussy immediately began to get wet and felt itchy for more stimulation.

I then asked the beautiful girl to massage my tits; the sensitive nipples were already hard and throbbing. Jhanky applied some lotion on my breasts, and her magical hands began to softly massage them. I told her how to pinch my nipples with her thumbs.

She and did as I told her.

After she did my tits and my stomach, I began to realize with was getting very wet. Jhanky's hands moved around my pussy, but did not get close to my shaved pussy lips, which were now swollen with need.

I asked her to touch my labia she did, massaging it with her fingers causing me to feel the need to cum. She squeezed my pussy lips, stroking then with soft fingers, but she did not know how to finger deeply into my slit and to rub my throbbing clit.

When I asked her to get me off, she said she didn't know what to do.

But I knew I had to get off – I needed an orgasm badly. I told her to rub my inner and outer pussy lips as fast as she could. When she started that, my hips began to thrust up and down and I gasped and moaned in hot need of a cum.

I told her to slide two of her slender wet fingers into my steaming pussy, as far as she could, and they move them in and out as fast as she could, and I told her to put her thumb on my clit. I had to show her where the clit was, but then she stroked it hard and it was driving me crazy with a need to get off.

I was squirming and thrusting my body up to get more of her fingers inside my hot, drooling hole. I was wiggling and whining in need as she thrust her hand in and out of the hole, her hand covered in my juices.

Suddenly her fingers inside me began to wiggle along with being moved in and out. I was shuddering with sexual need, my hips thrusting and twisting, and my gasps louder and moans becoming hot squeals of sexual heat.

"I want to cum, Jhanky, make me cum?," I whined. She looked at me wide-eyed and, even in my gasping heat; I could tell it was turning her on, too. I knew at that moment, whining and whimpering and thrusting and twisting, that I wanted to fuck this beautiful young girl very soon.

Then, with a loud wail and shuddering, I came. I was completely out of my mind in ecstasy. I was covered with sheen of sweat and was gasping in one of the best cums recently. 

"Fuck me, oh, fuck my cunt, I need to cum," I wailed at her. It was wonderful. My body stiffened, tightened and stretched and I felt like I was transformed to another level of existence. I hadn't cum like this in a long time.

While the inexperienced girl didn't really know what to do, she followed my instructions and I think that made my orgasm even better.

I slowly relaxed, smiling to myself with my eyes closed. "Thank you, Jhanky, you did it," I thought.

She was still fingering my pussy, her hands were very wet, making squishing noises as they moved in my gushing hole, my juices pouring out of my pussy and soaking the sofa.

I asked her to stop and to taste my cum. She sucked her fingers, but she didn't seem to like the taste and rubbed her hand dry on the sofa.

I went to take bath while she cleaned the sofa and went to take her own bath. When she came back into the room I told her I wanted another such massage like this one in a couple of weeks.

She smiled and said she would.

Time passed quickly and after six months, it was a totally different Jhanky.

She was tending to my apartment very well and I was really happy with the way she worked, the way she managed things and she obeyed my orders.

Her magical fingers were a wonder on my body and even better on my pussy slit and into my pussy hole. She brought me off regularly and seemed to really enjoy it. I know I did.

She and I became closer and closer. I told her what I did with my special girl friends and she saw some of our sexual activities.

I knew I could do whatever I wanted to do with Jhanky and that she would never object, but I wanted to tease her. I wanted to see how much she could wait. But I knew it was just time before I had this beautiful girl in my bed where I could fuck her to my heart's content.

A few weeks later I was in the apartment and decided to play a porn video while she was watching. I had always watched porn in my room on my laptop, but today I wanted to show her an extraordinary Indian porn movie that I had downloaded from net.

It was a full-length lesbian porn movie in Hindi so Jhanky could understand it. The movie plot is a maid that made a mistake and her mistress is to punish her. It stars two famous Indian lesbian porn stars, Priya and Teena.

She was working in kitchen and I told Jhanky to come to the living room when she was done.

In a few minutes she came and I told her to fetch my laptop from the bedroom.

I was lying on the sofa, wearing pants and a shirt when she brought the laptop, which I placed on my stomach.

"Bring me some juice, Jhanky, banana would be nice," I told her.

I asked her if she was finished working and she said she was.

"OK, bring the massage lotion," I told her.

When she returned with the lotion, I asked her sit and she sat near me.

I took off my pants and shirt so I was wearing only my bra and panties when I started the movie.

First she didn't understand what the movie was about was in first few minutes. She asked about the girl.

"Just watch, my dear," I told her.

When the woman of the house starts punishing her maid, I asked Jhanky to take off her clothes like the girl in the movie.

Jhanky was confused and shy, her face red and her teeth biting her lips, while she watched the movie with wide eyes.

"Jhanky, don't you want give me a massage?" I asked.

Suddenly she came back to earth and said she did. I smiled again. But in a few seconds later she again was staring in fascination at the movie, her hand rubbing my bare shoulder but without applying any lotion.

"Do you want me to punish you like the girl in the movie?" I asked Jhanky.

At that she began her massage, her magic fingertips on the soft, smooth skin of my shoulder.

But her eyes were glued to the scene on my computer screen.

I put my hand on her pussy and she jerked up, looking shocked.

"Jhanky, are you wet?" I asked softly while looking into her eyes.

She was shy and looked down for a moment, her eyes flicking between down at me and to the computer screen where the movie was playing.

"Have you ever masturbated?" I quietly asked her.

She looked nervously at me and shook her head. I think she was telling me no, but when the woman in the movie started fingering her maid, suddenly Jhanky looked at me with questioning eyes.

"Is that punishment?" she squeaked.

I smiled and told her that was the same thing she had done to me.

"Yes, so it means you are punishing me?" I asked with another smile.

"No, ma'am I swear, I never thought I was punishing you," she said quietly.

Then I asked her if she had ever seen anyone naked. She kept her head down and said she had never seen anyone naked in real life.

"Jhanky don't lie you saw me," I said.

"Yes, ma'am, I saw you but no one else," she said.

She began to rub oil on me as we watched the movie.

My pussy was drooling from the hot scenes on the screen, but I wanted even more.

Jhanky reached my shoulder and arms, and then she went towards my stomach.

Suddenly, she bent down and massaged my foot and legs so I asked her to put the computer on the table so we can watch while she massaged my almost naked body.

I told her to suck my feet and toes while rubbing them. She did. My body was getting hot from her work.

I asked her to take off my bra and she did, then starts softly rubbing my tits and softly thumbing my nipples. They were getting harder than little rocks and causing my pussy to get wetter and wetter.

This girl is driving me crazy with desire.

But Jhanky looked a bit nervous while palming my smooth tits.

She also was watching the action on the laptop while playing with my boobs.

Then I told her to put her hand into my panties and to put some lotion on my pussy. She did and then started gently rubbing it.

She starts rubbing my pussy lips with her soft fingers, sending sparks into my body. I asked her to press her fingers into my slit and to move two hot fingers from my asshole to my clit.

"Fuck, move it faster in and out, Jhanky," I said with a husky voice. My body was jiggling and squirming, and I moaned and whimpered as her fingers slid up and down my crease, and in and out of my slobbering pussy hole.

"Harder, damn it, Jhanky, fuck me with your fingers," I wheezed while pushing my hips up to make her hand drag harder on my slushy pussy slit and across the stiff clit.

"Yes god, go faster, girl, harder, fuck, go harder. I need to cum, shit, I really need it, faster, faster, make me cuuuuuummmm!"

I went rigid, my legs pressed together so that they squeezed my pussy, making me jerk with orgasmic jolts, as I imprisoned Jhanky's hot, wet hand in my wet cunt. She was still jiggling her fingers along my slot, and deeply into my hot hole. It was a wonderful feeling.

I watched her face, nervous, intent, but seeming to enjoy how she was making me writhe and whimper and jerk around the sofa, spilling out my juices again on the cushions.

"Jhanky get me towel," I wheezed, totally relaxed after that wonder orgasm.

After I had a bath, I was relaxing in my bed when Jhanky came in to tell me lunch was ready.

"Did you masturbate after the movie, Jhanky?" I asked.

She looked at me with a funny face and seemed confused.

"What is masturbation, ma'am?" she said quietly.

She wasn't a stupid girl, just a girl that had never had the reality of being a girl explained to her. She simply did not know about a hymen or anything about sex other than what we had been doing here.

She told me she did not wear a bra or panties that she never had and did not know what sizes she wore.

"Ah, I see, OK, this evening I will go for shopping for some undergarments for you," I told her.

After lunch I had her come to my room to see if I could figure out what sizes the girl wore.

She hesitated a bit in shyness when I asked her to strip off her top, but she finally did.

Her body was fantastic.

I grabbed her tits with both hands, and decided she needed a near 30 bra.

Then I told her to take off her pants and her curvaceous body was before me. But what a forest of thick, black hair there was around her pussy.

"So, you don't shave your snatch, eh?" I asked.

"No, ma'am, not yet," she said quietly.

I touched her pussy, but she pulled away, so I told her it was a pussy just like mine.

I started to rub her little, hairy slit, massaging her outer and inner lips with my fingers, keeping away from her hymen but getting her wetter and watching her outer pussy lips swell up in excitement. I put my little finger against her hole, but it was hard to do because I did not want to take her virginity that way. Suddenly, though, the lovely little girl shook with an orgasm, maybe her first one ever.

I wanted to taste her hot little pussy, but all that hair was a put off. I like pussies nice and smooth and sleek.

"I like shaved ones," I said, but she didn't understand. I sent her to my washroom of the tube of depilatory but she said she didn't know how to use it. I showed her, gave her a towel and waited for her to come back to my room. She came back with a towel wrapped around her slender body.

Jhanky was damned sexy, her wet hair dripping water on the sofa.

I asked her to remove her towel, the sight was unbelievable. Her bare, tight little slit made her look younger than she was. She was just more than beautiful and I knew I wanted badly to fuck this lovely girl.

I stood up and touched her beautiful apple-sized tits pinching her nipples, slid a finger along her wet pussy lips – oh, my god, she is hot enough to make me slick with juices from my own pussy.

I had her sit up and then I gave her a mini makeover. I like pink so I used pink nail polish and pink lipstick. As I worked, I could see a beautiful young bride standing in front of me. She didn't know what was happening to her, she was just enjoying what I was doing with her.

She was completely naked, so I rubbed my hand from her face, lips to breasts and then on her hips. I pinched her butt, she squeaked, but I didn't stop. I rubbed my hand on her back side, from hips to her face, putting my fingers on her soft lips, rubbing her lips with my finger, I whispered in her ear that she was ready.

She didn't reply, she is just standing naked and virginal in front of me with her eyes closed as I was looking at her in the mirror.

I pinched her nipples again she whimpered that it was hurting, and then I gripped her small butt cheeks in my hands and start massaging her sleek ass. She was standing quietly, just letting me touch her.

I bent a little and started sucking one by one those beautiful small black nipples.

I whispered in her ear if she liked this. She didn't reply.

So I continued sucking biting her nipples, grabbing her boobs and squeezing them. That made her moan softly. Her hands were touching her own butt, but she is doing nothing else.

So I kissed her softly, but she tightly closed her lips. I kept up with my soft kissing and, slowly, she relaxed her lips. I started sucking her beautiful lips and after a while, I asked her to kiss my lips and Jhanky opened her eyes and started kissing me, just soft kissing which caused me to moan softly as I felt this gorgeous creature kissing me harder, sucking on my lips and moaning softly herself.

When my hands reached down to her pussy, she is already wet. I rubbed her few times, and suddenly she can't breath easily, she can't control herself. She moans loudly, then says, "Ma'am, there is something coming out from inside me."

I rubbed her wet slit hard and fast, massaging her outer lips. Then I lick my finger then I ask Jhanky to suck my finger and she did. I pushed my wet finger inside her hot, tight hole. She cried out that it is hurting but I didn't stop, I started slowly and seductively pushed my hot finger in and out making sure not to damage her hymen.
