 Part 3: Total submission

Note: Dear readers, this is the third installment in the series that started with the story "The Subjugation of Rita" and continued with 'A weekend with Granny'. Both previous stories were very well received. I've had much positive response and have been inspired to continue the story. This installment continues relating the experiences of 18-year-old Rita when she for the first time visits her mature Mistress, Lydia.

I would like to acknowledge the very valuable help I have received from Jjohnr3 in editing this story.

******

My mind was awhirl, my body aflame. Mistress Granny had me totally within her power and I would obey her every wish. I was her girl, her slut, her submissive, her lesbian slave girl and just the thought of that made my heart thump and my cheeks flush. I was eighteen years old, and I was being trained and controlled by my sixty-seven-year-old dominant lesbian lover. She made my flesh sing with lust and desire, and she had my mind reacting to every command or whisper from her. 

I was Lydia's girl. 

Sitting on her lap, being gently comforted after the most wonderful climax of my young life, I felt happier than ever before. More satisfied, more at ease. I did not care about what other people might think of our liaison, our tryst. This is where I wanted to be, forever. I lifted my face for yet another sweet kiss from my mature lover's sexy lips and smiled at her, a tingling reverberating through my body. The thrill of my desire not yet completely sated. My head rested on her generous bosom, and I planted a devoted kiss on her succulent flesh. She trailed a finger lovingly across my lips, removed a stray lock of hair from my sweaty face, and stroked my hair causally. 

"I want you naked now for me, baby." She whispered, fingering my earlobe. "Totally naked and available, tied to my bed...!"

"OH.... Granny!" I enthused "There is nowhere else I'd rather be! Please, Granny, oh please, tie me and make me yours!"

"Mmmm... my sweet girl. You are already mine!" she smiled "And I am yours! But I want that sexy adorable body of yours spread out for me, welcoming me in all its glory. For me to control, to punish and please as I see fit! I want you to give yourself up to me totally, my dear Rita, become totally subservient, and let me do with you as I, your Mistress, pleases!"

I shivered, in anticipation, not fear. Lydia had taken away my fear and left only trust in its place. Trust in her and her intentions. I looked up at my Granny, saw the worry, the uncertainty and the obvious desire, and I hugged her neck and kissed her lips lovingly and looked into her eyes.

"Please, Granny, please beloved Mistress, please make me yours!"

I melted as my beautiful and mature Mistress showered my upturned face with a rain of little kisses, and with her hands softly stroking my body, I felt a sweet tingling enveloping my young body.

"Oh, I will my darling! I will!" and the light in her eyes was like stars gleaming in the darkness, like a fire burning on a cold winters night. Promise and comfort. I trembled as she had me stand and she stood in all her majestic sensual glory, took my hand and led me to her bedroom. Where our hands met, an electric tingling passed between us as I shivered with unbridled anticipation.

Lydia kissed me with a ferocity and need that I had never experienced, and I could only moan with my growing need and desire as she held me close and devoured me with her demanding mouth.

"Yesss, darling, my sweet girl...!"

Fingertips danced over my back, and I felt her caress my bottom cheeks. Her scent overpowered me, and I snuggled into her warm body, viscous tears slowly dripping from my eyes. A finger tracing down my cheek, tasting the salty track, hands holding my face. A smile that made me gasp.

"Don't cry, my love, don't cry...!"

I sniffled, and finding a small voice somewhere, replied, "I'm just so happy, Mistress. My whole body is trembling, longing for you."

A finger on my lips, a smile to light up the world. 

"Oh, Rita! I am so grateful I found you and that you came to me! I love you darling!"

We kissed forever, Lydia's hands peeling off my skimpy little teddy and tracing paths of arousal across my shivering flesh. 

"Lie on the bed, my love" she whispered and I stretched out on the cool pale yellow satin sheets, squirming like a little kitten with the exquisite sensation.

"Good girl!" she enthused and then proceeded to cuff my wrists and secure them to the bedposts above my head with silken ropes. Experienced fingers tap-danced down my willing body, teasing and pinching my turgid nipples, making them ache for more. She hovered above me, kissed the fleshy tidbits and gently suckled them, biting and pulling them out from my chest with her teeth.

"Mmmmmm, you do have such darling nipples for Granny...!"

"T... thank you...!" I managed, wriggling in arousal.

Then my legs were bent and fixed with leather straps, my lower legs folded and fastened against my thighs, which were spread wide, exposing my private parts for my Granny. She stroked my upper thighs, her face over my crotch and she licked her lips and let a string of saliva drop on my bald mound. A finger gently rubbed it into the sensitive skin, a smile on her face.

"Mmmm... does my darling little girl like to be tied up and spread open for her Granny?"

I whimpered with undeniable arousal, loving how this mature woman talked so dirty to me, triggering all the naughty dreams I harbored in my young mind.

"Oh, yes, Granny..." I responded in a little girl voice. "I love being tied up by you Granny! And I love showing you my pussy and... and my little pucker... with the plug..."

I rubbed my bottom as much as the ties allowed against the satin, trying to push my pussy upwards, trying to show Granny as much as I could of my sexily plugged anus, begging her to touch me, to put her darling mouth on my throbbing, puffy mound.

"Such a good girl, Granny's good little girl...!"

She was touching me now, a hand on either side of my sopping wet slit, pressing inwards, compressing my swollen inner labia together. 

"Mmmm, my sexy girl... Do you want Granny to lick you? Do you want my mouth to caress your pussy? Does Rita want her Granny to make lesbian love to her bald little pussy?"

Oh, my god! Hearing this mature sexy woman talking so dirty to me, being tied up for her pleasure, fueled my most dirty and intimate desires and I moaned with longing.

"Ohhh yes, please... yes... Granny.... Please kiss my pussy... please kiss it! I am your good little girl.... Please oh please make love to me... take my pussy.... Ohhhh.... Lydia I'm yours...!"

My devious Mistress kept my inner labia trapped between her hands, both her thumbs teasing my butt plug, as she let her clever tongue slide up my engorged nether lips, coated in my oozing slime. Little electric explosions were set off in my spread-eagled body and a steady pulse throbbed in my mound and contracted around the plug embedded inside my anal passage. Her lips kissed my most sensitive spots and she even, for just a magic second, suckled my hard little bean, my aching clit.

Then she stopped and I moaned with delirious need, wanting her there, wanting my granny to bring me off, give me release.

She had, of course, no intention of providing any release for me! Not yet! I was hers to take and command, her young naked slut, her play toy. Smiling down at me, she gently caressed my nubile tits, making my nipples stiff and turgid. She then found two plastic cups, fitted with screws that when tightened exerted a constant suction. Lydia carefully placed the cups over my tits and started to slowly turn the screws.

"Mmm, my darling... Granny is going to train those delectable tits you have so well.... I will make them very sensitive and receptive.... Turn you into a perfect sweet nipple slut for me...!"

The suction caused my "tit flesh" to be sucked inside, slowly filling up the cylinders. The constriction of the responsive flesh caused a pain as blood flowed into my tortured, tightened breasts and caused my nipples to swell and throb. 

"Ohhh... Granny... my tits... are ... it hurts, Granny...!"

She silenced me with a loving sensuous kiss, whilst she gently teased the plastic cups protruding so lewdly from my chest.

"Sssshhhh... my darling, my sweet girl... you will get used to the feeling very soon and this treatment will make your delicious titties ever so sensitive and even sexier than they already are...! See how your little nipples are growing, swelling, shouting for attention!"

My devious Mistress now found two small bullet vibrators and fixed them to the plastic cylinders with a bit of tape. Then she turned them on...! Shuddering vibrations passed mercilessly into my sensitized titties, causing a surge of pleasure to override my residual pain.

"Yes, Rita.... Granny's good girl.... Feel how the vibes make your lovely tits feel good.... Look at me darling! Yes, I can see in your eyes how much you love this, love having your sexy bosom teased and trained. Good girl! Granny's good little nipple slut!"

My whole chest shuddered in exquisite torment. My nipples throbbed deliciously, and with all pain forgotten, I moaned: "Ohh... yes, Granny... please... Please train my nipples and my tits... I... I want... ohhh yesss... Granny! Make me your nipple slut! Please!"

She kissed me on my welcoming lips as she gently pulled the suction cups out from my chest, careful not to release the vacuum. 

"Mmmmmm..." she whispered "Such a sweet delectable morsel of a girl you are, my darling...! And such a receptive sexy body...!"

She continued her lewd pulling of the cups, obscenely extending my "tit flesh" and damping the vibrations. Then she released her hold, letting the attached vibes again tantalize my bosom and watched my imprisoned nipples with a small smile. She repeated this a few times, and by the end, my breasts had turned a brownish red and I was delirious with the stimulation my Granny was subjecting me to. 

Then a finger slid down my tummy as her mouth planted little adoring kisses on my skin. She bypassed my drenched pussy and started to play with the plug in my anus instead. In and out she opened me up, her fingers teasing the expanding and contracting rim of my sphincter, making me groan and wish for something more. She removed the plug and gave my rosebud a good washing with her tongue, even sneaking it inside me and making the tight hole wet with her saliva.

"Mmm... my little darling. Granny is going to fill her little girl's ass with anal beads now! Granny wants to stretch your tight nether hole and fill you up totally!"

She slurped her clever tongue over my anus and planted her mouth right over my exposed nether orifice, gently teasing my rim and penetrating me with her tongue. 

"Would you like that baby? Would you like Granny to fill your sexy ass totally and make your ass mine?"

I was beyond denial, senseless with raging desire. My eighteen-year-old body bound and immobilized, my drenched pussy and twitching anus exposed and available for whatever this devious woman had in mind. I was her slut, her devoted slave, her submissive little girl and she could do whatever she liked to me. I would follow her into deep space, into raging fires, into delirious vistas of subjugation and with total obedience.

"Yesss...." I hissed, "Yes, please, Granny! P...pp...Pl...Please make my... my ass yours! Please take me...!"

My nether hole was twitching in anticipation, blinking at my Mistress. A finger then penetrated me, lubricating my anus as Granny liberally smeared my anus with a cold gel. Then she showed me her string of anal beads, all pink on a string, all about an inch and a half in diameter. She liberally smeared the first bead with gel and then slowly started to insert it into my tight bottom hole. I could not help but gasp as the cool bead caressed my sphincter and gradually expanded my rim as Granny inserted it. My nipples shuddered in a pleasurable rhythm as the vibrators attached to the cups sent waves of pulsating lust into my tits. 

"Mmm... good girl... such a lovely little bummy hole opening up for Granny! Do not clench. Darling, relax for me... Yes, that's it!"

The bead almost effortlessly slid inside me and my anus contracted and closed. I was grateful for my anal training and for the expansion wearing my plug had ensured. Granny Lydia quickly inserted another of the beads, then teased my anus with her fingertip, gently letting her nail rake over the rosebud.

"Such a sweet little ass you have, Rita! So ready to be trained and to be filled up. You love this don't you, my dear girl? You love being filled up slowly, being at my mercy, being bound and exposed.... Tell me how it makes you feel!"

Her finger still teased my tight opening, caressing the sphincter. I tried to collect my thoughts. How did this make me feel? How could I express the surging flow of desire thumping through my young immobilized body? 

"I... Oh... you make me feel... very naughty, Lydia! You make me do stuff, naughty stuff, I have never done before... and it feels ... it feels right! Like I am allowed to be naughty and sexy and... and be your little girl... Granny's little girl...! I cannot do anything when I am tied up... and it is so arousing not to able to do anything... to be... at your command, Granny. I... get very wet from obeying you... you... you train me in so many ways... and awaken my body to feel, to experience a desire I never felt before.....!"

I am certain I blushed furiously as I made this confession while Lydia continued to play with my nether hole. She inserted a third bead as I was confessing, and when I had finished my confession, she stood up and smiled down at me, and then I felt her velvety lips caressing mine in a liquid, loving kiss.

"Mmmm, you're such a darling! Such a lovely little girl and you please me sooo much!"

Then she was back between my legs, sliding in another two beads, and I started to feel like a stuffed turkey. The anal beads gradually filled up my innards, expanding my rectum and giving a steady pleasing pressure. Granny filled me up with nine beads and then contemplated the last one for a long time as I felt my ass contracting. Then she looked at me, gave a wordless small nod and inserted the last bead, which caused me to gasp with the strange sensation of having my ass totally, completely filled up. 

"Oh my God, girl! Your little ass has taken them all now... you look sooo sexy now!!"

My wonderful Mistress kissed my shaved, bald mound lovingly and let me get used to being so stuffed. Then she found something pink and reeking of suede. Soft thongs tickled my tummy and she held it above my face, shaking it. 

"This, my dear girl, is a pussy flogger. My favorite, pink pussy flogger. And it will soon make you cry and beg as I use it on that sweet little pussy of yours...!"

A thrill went through me as the scent of suede titillated my nostrils and I saw the many long pink strips dance before my eyes. How would they feel on my sensitive pussy? I had never been flogged before, and the word sounded ominous! 

"You will love it, my dear! It will make you hot and juicy and ready for more......"

My majestic Mistress stood between my widely spread legs and let the flogger caress my already dripping snatch. The sensation of having the anal beads inserted inside me, the feeling of being tied up and exposed was making my juices flow, and now this! I shuddered. Granny started out slow and lenient to let me get used to the sting of the many-lashed whip. The suede thongs initially just softy smacked against my vulva making a sort of buzzing feeling. Then Lydia picked up speed and severity, and soon the lashes caused sharp little painful pangs. 

"Unnngghh... Mis... Mistress... it.... Hurts...!"

Granny just picked up her speed a bit more and gradually the pain was overtaken but something else. A pulsating pleasure started to build inside my mound, swelling my labia and causing waves of heat to rise. Soon I was actually rocking my hips to meet the suede lashes as they thwacked against my bald pussy. The suction cups danced on my bosom, keeping up their lascivious vibrating teasing of my nipples and "tit flesh". 

"Yess... "Mistress Granny hissed "That's my good girl... feel the caress of my whip...! I knew you would come to love this, my darling...! Such a slut, getting hot and wet from having her little pussy whipped by Granny...!" 

I wriggled on the bed, heat suffusing into my flogged mound, and now also my upper thighs, which Granny was consistently striking with the flogger. My pain was somewhere there, but almost forgotten, overridden by the sensual whipping I was being subjected to. 

Granny Lydia paused in the delicious tormenting of my sex and bent down to slowly lick my red swollen pussy. The sensation was so exquisite I almost came as the flat of her tongue slid over my outer labia. The cooling wet track soothed my raging fires and I moaned and squiggled in my desperate need for release. Lydia licked my wet slit only once, concentrating on the area she had flogged. I was very soon brought to the edge of a surging orgasm. Which my devilish Mistress did not allow, of course! She spanked my pussy flesh hard as she felt my imminent climax and then stopped her licking. The flogging resumed and by the end, I was sobbing and crying, not with pain, but with a dire need to cum. 

My poor pussy was burning and my befuddled mind was in a pink haze, longing for release. My hips thrust again and again upwards to meet the sweet kiss of the suede lashes, my wet labia parting in welcome, desiring the pleasure I was getting from the flogging. I was right on the edge, and I could possibly have orgasmed there and then, just from being pussy whipped, with my ass stuffed and my nipples encased in suction cups.

But Granny had other plans for her little girl. Devious, lewd plans. She wanted to make me cum for her by fucking me hard and controlling me and my desire totally. The ultimate test of my subjugation to her.

She left the pink pussy flogger lying carelessly on my tummy, then walked over and rummaged a bit in a cupboard. I tried to get my breathing under control and slowly managed to calm the raging lust inside me. I managed to stop trembling and only shivered slightly as I imagined what Granny had in store for me next. 

She came back with a dark purple contraption in her hand, a very realistic cock connected to an upturned bulbous shaft. Lydia held it in front of my face and told me it was a "feel doe", which meant it was a strap-less dildo and the upturned part would go inside her. She touched a button and the contraption started to gently vibrate as she let the silicone slide over my lips and face. She slid the "feel doe" down to my mound as she explained that it took quite a bit of training to be on the giving end of the device. No straps meant that one needed strong pelvic muscles to hold it inside.

"But don't you worry, Rita! Granny has very strong pelvic floor muscles and I can fuck my little girl for a very long time!"

A finger slid over my lips and I kissed it devotedly. She giggled and kissed my lips as the head on the "feel doe", vibrating, slid up and down my needy pussy.

Then she was there, between my bound legs, holding herself above me on her hands, and the "feel doe" was inside her, vibrating, and she let it slowly explore my slit, just letting the tip enter me and then withdrawing it. She watched my face and her own was flushed and excited. Her eyes bored into mine.

I gasped as my whipped pussy was so seductively teased. I was very, very wet and Granny had also lubricated the shaft. She stepped up her penetration of me, sliding the vibrating shaft inside me more and more, but for every push inside there was a slow pulling out. Fast in, slow out. A teasing rhythm Granny kept up for a long time, gradually opening me up. My pussy was tight against the "feel doe", but I relaxed more and more as I felt the slow thrusts teasing my vaginal walls. Finally, Granny had the entire silicone shaft embedded inside me. Then she just left it there, filling me up deliciously, making my vagina a pulsing, sopping mess as I felt her bush against my bald mound and the vibrations make the anal beads filling me resonate. I throbbed and trembled, contracting my pussy and ass rhythmically as the vibrations sensitized me. 
