 Sadie stumbled off the court, dropping her racket and rolled onto her back, staring up at the evening sky. She would have to stand up in a second to stretch, she knew that. Her body seemed to have other ideas though and protested with enthusiastic muscle burning as she stood up slowly to begin her stretching routine. As she stretched, Sandie peered across the court, eyes fixed on the subject of the rage she'd been feeling throughout her practice session. Katie, the red-headed slut. Sadie wasn't overly concerned with learning her full name, she didn't deserve that. Katie was the competition. 

Sadie had been the top tennis player in her age group for the past four years by now, with Katie coming in a close second every time. Sadie could see how much that frustrated her, a fact that Sadie took true joy in. She never let pass an opportunity to remind Katie who was the inferior. Recently Sadie had begun fucking Katie's boyfriend, allowing it to become an open secret within the school, just to help beat that reminder into her rival even further. Sadie's own boyfriend probably knew about it but if he did then he didn't say anything. He understood the territory that came with dating Sadie. 

Katie had already reached the locker room when Sadie was finishing up her stretches. As she walked down the path, already peeling off her clothing she looked up again at the night sky. Katie had been getting better, slowly creeping closer to, and in some cases past, Sadie's scores during practice. As a result of their skills growing closer than ever, both Sadie and Katie often found themselves practising long before and after school hours. Normally they remained silent, glaring daggers at each other, never interacting and finally leaving. But they were facing a game fairly soon and the antagonism had begun to reach a fever pitch. 

"You were looking a little slow out there" came Katie's snide voice the moment Sadie stepped into the locker room. Sadie had finished removing her outfit by this point and was tossing it into the heap she'd left her casual clothing in. Naked and ready for her own shower, she looked up at Katie. The redhead was under one of the shower heads, taking in the spray, water rapidly rolling down her own naked form. Her hair was short, her skin a little pale and freckled. She was slim, like all of their teammates, and she had fairly small breasts. Sadie, on the other hand, had long dark hair, and whilst she was about as slim as Katie her bust was larger. 

"It's your tits that are slowing you down" Katie continued, turning to face Sadie with a sly grin. She grabbed her own breasts and gave them a squeeze. "Two big, those and your fat ass." 

Sadie took an enraged step forward. The slightest provocation was enough to induce anger at this point. "And yet I keep beating you" she shot back, "every single time." 

Katie shrugged, "the streak breaks tomorrow sweetie." 

Sadie kept walking until she stood right in front of the other woman, the spray of the shower pelting down on the both of them. Their hateful eyes met each other. "Sweetie? You don't 'sweetie' me. Tomorrow I'm going to win, and then" she stepped right up close to Katie, leaving the skin of their bodies brushing against each other ever so slightly, "and then I think I'm gonna take your boyfriend for another little ride. Maybe we'll even let you watch this time." 

Katie wanted to slap or shove her, hard. But she knew how wet the shower had left these flowers and she wasn't willing to risk an accident. But then she noticed how close their bodies were to each other, and a new idea formed in her mind. 

"Why bother with him when you could fuck me?" 

Sadie hadn't been expecting that, and all she could manage in response as a "huh?"

Katie's smile turned grim as her hands shot up, she gripped Sadie's nipples and squeezed as hard as she could. Sadie cried out as pain lanced through her body. 

"If you win tomorrow," Katie said "you can wear my strapon and fuck me senseless. I'll even let you film it. Humiliate me and the whole school gets to find out and see." She released Sadie, her hands remaining in place over her rival's breasts, "but when I win, and I'm going to win, then I do the same to you." 

Sadie stared at Katie, she was dead serious. There was something wild in the other girl's eyes, something Sadie was finding attractive. 

"Alright," Sadie said, her voice in a low growl, "but first thing's first' she stepped forward in a brusk, sudden movement that forced Katie back against one of the walls. Sadie placed her two hands on either side of Katie, trapping her there. Then, after a moment of silence, her lips left forward and met Katie's in an aggressive kiss. 

There was something desperate and hungry in their actions as the two women wrapped their arms around each other, but yet another layer of competition seemed to rear its head. Sadie gripped Katie's shoulders tight and, without breaking the frantic contact of their lips she shoved and slammed her rival against the wall three more times. Katie gasped at each contact but this only seemed to egg her on as she took hold of Sadie's hair and pulled tight, kisses short yet deep. 

The hands of both women slid downward as they locked hate-filled eyes, fingers sliding between each other's legs and finding their targets. Their fingers went to work, rubbing on each other's clits and sliding inside each other's pussies as their lips connected again. 

They stepped out of the stream of water, fingers rapidly pumping in and out of each other and moans belting from their mouths at top volume. 

Finally, Katie broke the kiss and stepped away, a mad grin fixed to her face. She grabbed Sadie's arm's tight, digging her nails in and pulled her down until Katie was sitting on one of the wooden benches, with Sadie on her knees on the floor in front of her. Katie spread her legs wide and bared her clean shaven slit to her rival. 

"Eat," she said, her voice harsh. Sadie spat, the saliva striking Katie in the face. She barely flinched, tightening her nail-biting grip on Sadie's arms. Sadie let out a slight whimper and finally bent her head down. 

"Bitch," she said as she lowered her face between Katie's legs. 

"Not my fault you've got no pain tolerance, you shrieking wimp" Katie shot back. 

Without another word, Sadie buried her face in Katie's cunt, her tongue licking long strokes upward before settling in on small flicks of her tongue over the clit. Katie leaned her head back and moaned up to the ceiling as her rival ate her out. 

This lasted for only mere moments before Sadie grabbed Katie and pulled her down onto the floor, diving on top of her. The fingers of both women launched between their legs. They pressed against each other, two bodies rubbing together as pleasure overtook their senses. 

"I'm gonna fuck you tomorrow," Katie said, breath staggered and voice rasping from her lips in between each kiss. "My hands sliding over your body, spreading your legs and plunging a fake cock so deep inside of you that-"

She didn't finish, she didn't get the chance. Sadie gripped Katie's cheeks in a tight grip. "Shut up and fuck me right now." Her hand released Katie's face, only to wind back and slap her across the cheek. Katie yelped at the stinging pain, but this only spurred her on. She brought her free hand up in an arc and returned the strike. For a moment the two women were locked in the rhythm of finger-fucking each other with one hand and slapping each other with the other. Until Katie's freehand found purchase around Sadie's throat. There was a widening of Sadie's eyes as Katie strangled her. She slapped Katie again, twice more, whilst adding a third finger to Katie's cunt, before finally taking a grip of her rival's own neck. 

And there the rivals lay, faces pressed together in a hateful kiss, fingers around each other's necks and pushing the rough speed of their pussy-buried fingers until they both shuddered, bodies shaking as the violent orgasms passed through them both. 

They screamed out their pleasure and pain in a single, joined cry before finally falling still, chests rising and falling as they caught their breaths. 

"I hate you" Sadie said, plating a messy kiss on Katie's lips. 

"The sight of you disgusts me" Katie responded, returning the kiss as they wrapped their arms around each other and rolled over, hips already grinding toward each other's heats, ready for another round.