 INTRODUCTION

Fiona was a 26 year old beautiful Eurasian woman. She had dark brown hair and dark eyes to match. She was 5'5" tall and weighed an estimated 110 pounds. Her body was tanned, lithe and shapely without an ounce of body fat on her. Fiona was currently the lead lady on a yoga television show. After high school she trained to be a yoga instructor and she worked in a studio for a number of years before she was approached about the television show.

Fiona kept her self in marvelous shape and she was beautiful to look at particularly when she was going through her yoga routines. There were three other girls on the TV show, Kelly, Monica and Jessica. The three of them rotated positions on the show as there was never more than three women in the telecast. Fiona was always on the telecast since she was the focal point of all the women. 

Fiona always wore very small tight fitting shorts and a brief halter top with spaghetti straps. Her breasts were small and firm but one could always see the outline of them through her halter top. Her breasts were also large enough that she showed some cleavage when she bent over in a yoga position. Her nipples always seemed hard and they were visibly pushing through the halter top. Her shorts were so tight that it appeared as if they were spray painted on. Whenever Fiona arched her back it accentuated her magnificent ass. The shorts never slid up her buttocks however but clung to her shapely bottom and defined the crack in her curvy ass. When she was seated with the soles of her feet together, her vulva was clearly outlined it her shorts.

Fiona often wondered how many guys watched the yoga program and jerked off thinking about her body. She wondered how many guys dreamed of sticking their cocks in her tight hot pussy. She also wondered how many of them fantasized about sticking their cocks in her perfect ass. Fiona also wondered how many gay or bi-sexual women imagined being in bed with Fiona, sucking on her firm tits and hard nipples, liking her hot pussy or rimming her tight anus. Well the women would have had a better chance with Fiona because she was gay. 

Fiona had always been a lesbian and she lost her virginity when she was an 18 year high school student. She had an enormous crush on her French teacher and once they discovered each other they made love all the time. Fiona still remembered the first time Monique fucked her with a strap-on cock. After the initial pain the feeling was wonderful and Fiona looked forward to a good fucking every time they were together. Monique even had Fiona wear the strap-on and Fiona learned to fuck Monique with it.

The other three women on the show, Kelly, Monica and Jessica were also gay. The three of them lusted after Fiona but Fiona controlled the action. She had set herself up on a pedestal and made it a privilege for any of the other girls to sleep with her. Fiona, when she was in the mood, would select one of the other women to make love to her. When they weren't catering to Fiona's needs the three of them would make love with each other. Kelly, Monica and Jessica had plenty of sex toys and they loved using them on each other.

Kelly was a 24 year old attractive redhead who stood at 5'7" and weighed about 125 pounds. Her breasts were small but her ass seemed big for her body. She had one of those asses that stood out from her body and begged to be touched. Kelly's ass was very sensitive and she loved being fucked in the ass with a strap-on cock.

Monica was a 25 year old French- Canadian girl with very fine features. She was 5'4" tall and weighed less than 110 pounds. Her hair was brown and matched her eyes. Monica had a very cute bottom and small firm cute tits. Her tits were very sensitive and she loved to have them caressed and sucked. Her nipples stood out like tiny little dicks when she was excited which seem to be most of the time.

Jessica stood at 5'6" and weighed in at about 120 pounds. She had light brown hair and beautiful hazel eyes. Jessica had larger breasts than the other women that seemed a little too big for her frame. Her ass was on the flatter side compared to the other girls. Jessica was a wild one in the sack and she loved to fuck the other girls into submission. When the three of them made love together, Jessica never took off the strap-on cock and she would fuck Kelly and Monica in their pussy and their ass until they begged her to stop.

FIONA AND MONICA

Fiona was in her room waiting the arrival of Monica. As she waited, Fiona thought back to her high school French teacher Monique Bisset and the first time they made love. Fiona recalled every detail of that first very special day. Fiona had gone to see her teacher under the pretense of needing help with her French.

Her French teacher did not know that Fiona secretly admired her and that Fiona was desperate to get her teacher's attention. Fiona had no idea that Monique secretly lusted after her as well. Fiona had pulled up her uniform skirt higher than normal so that the hem of her skirt would be about 14" above the knees. Fiona had pretty legs and creamy thighs and she looked very tantalizing with her legs exposed above her knee high socks.

"Hello Fiona how can I help you?" Monique asked trying not to stare the student's exposed thighs.

"I'm having a little trouble with French and I was wondering what I could do to raise my grade? Fiona replied.

"Would you like to schedule some time for extra help?" Monique asked hoping the answer would be yes.

"That would be wonderful, Ms. Bisset," Fiona replied and moved dangerously close to the teacher.

Monique could feel her loins stir as she looked at the girl standing next to her desk. Monique leaned back in her chair and rested her arms on the arms of the chair. Fiona moved closer purposely and let her bare thigh brush up against Monique's arm. The touch was electric and sent a shock through Monique's body. Monique did not remove her arm and Fiona continued to brush her bare thigh against her teacher's fore arm. Monique wanted desperately to touch the young girl's thighs and caress her skin but she dared not try. Monique did not know that Fiona was silently hoping that her teacher would stroke her thighs and touch her pussy. Fiona's panties were getting wet.

"When would like to schedule a session together?" Monique asked her voice cracking.

"Could we do it today? I don't have any plans today," Fiona asked as she fidgeted with her skirt.

Monique watched as her student accidentally lifted her skirt too high and exposed her white cotton panties. Monique found her hand move toward the student as if it had a mind of its own. Monique brushed the back of her hand against Fiona's bare thigh emitting a gasp from her. Fiona did not move away so Monique then began caressing the young girl's thigh and let her hand trail up toward Fiona's panty covered pussy. Fiona held her breath as her teacher's hand neared her pussy and then gasped aloud when it brushed over her panties.

Monique hand was trembling as it passed over Fiona's panty covered pussy. Monique then realized that Fiona's panties were soaked due to the girl's excitement. Monique held Fiona's skirt up with one hand as she moved Fiona's panty to side with her other hand. Monique looked at the bare young pussy in front of her and caressed it tenderly. Fiona was now trembling as the caresses continued and she came on the spot when Monique inserted a finger into her pussy. Monique finger fucked her student slowly and then removed her finger to lick it clean. Monique looked up at Fiona and saw that the student had her eyes closed.

"Fiona would like to continue our discussion at my house today," Monique asked.

"Oh yes, please," Fiona sighed in reply.

"Good I will give you directions then," Monique told her.

Within the hour Fiona and Monique were kissing each other as they knelt on Monique's bed both still fully clothed. Monique unbuttoned Fiona's blouse and unhooked Fiona's bra. She pushed the bra up over Fiona's tits and lowered her mouth to Fiona's breasts and told her how beautiful her tits were and how delicious her nipples tasted. Fiona had tan lines around her tits from her skimpy bikini top because she had never sunbathed topless. Monique than began her tortuous journey down Fiona's body using her mouth to taste and caress every inch of her skin.

Monique then had Fiona unbutton Monique's blouse and unhook her bra. Fiona pushed the bra up just as Monique had done to her and then the two of them kissed again and let their breasts press against the others. Monique then reached under Fiona's plaid skirt and pulled Fiona's panties down to her knees just above the white knee high socks. Monique then leaned over and kissed Fiona's tits as she played with Fiona's pussy. Fiona cried out as her teacher's finger wormed its way into her pussy.

Monique then had Fiona do the same to her. Fiona lifted her teacher's skirt to her waist and then pulled Monique's silk panties down her thighs to her knees. Monique and Fiona then kissed again with their breasts crushed together as they fingered each other's pussy. They were both still fully clothed and they created the erotic scene that Monique had desired to reenact. They ran their hands over each other's buttocks as Fiona followed Monique's lead. Their pussies were dripping wet as the teacher and student carried out their erotic love making. Monique decided that it was time to take it to the next step. 

Monique stripped Fiona of her school uniform and the naked Fiona stripped Monique of all her clothes. Monique lay back down with Fiona on the bed and their bodies came together. Fiona's breathing became shallow and her moans became loudly audible. Fiona began touching Monique's body now and she marveled in their mutual beauty. Monique began to purr in ecstasy. It seemed natural for them to be together and not at all taboo to be female lovers. As Monique's tongue circled Fiona's right nipple she became increasingly aware that it was not going to take much more to make her cum. Fiona felt Monique's fingers stroke her wet mound locating her puffy pussy and then trying to find their way inside her. Fiona moved her legs further apart trying to help her and soon Monique was fingering Fiona with soft, slow, tender probes.

Fiona couldn't take it any longer, she gently pushed Monique's head down and Monique nestled between her legs. Monique used her hands to slowly open Fiona's legs and placed Fiona's thighs on her shoulders. With one finger Monique traced the soft outer lips of Fiona's swollen pussy and applied gentle pressure spreading them open even further. Fiona felt the familiar butterflies in her stomach as she gazed upon the sight of her moist lips inviting Monique's invasion. She put more fingers inside Fiona and caressed her inner walls while Monique's thumb positioned itself on the tip of Fiona's swelling clit and lightly tickled it back and forth.

Monique moved herself slowly up Fiona's body as she continued to finger fuck her pussy she kissed and licked her way to her tits. Monique took turns holding each nipple between her soft lips sucking and flicking at Fiona's hard nipples. Fiona in turn reached for Monique's breasts and felt her hard nipples across her palms as she stroked them. Fiona pinched and rolled Monique's nipples between her fingers while Monique tongued her breasts. Monique whispered to Fiona that she had to have her and then kissed her passionately. They moaned into each other's mouth as their fingers and thumbs tickled their swollen clits. Fiona could feel the wetness of Monique's pussy saturating her thigh.

Monique broke off their kiss and smiled at her before descending toward Fiona's aching pussy. As Monique reached Fiona's wet mound she separated the lips fully opening her pink moistness and then Monique herself groaned with anticipated pleasure. The tip of her tongue touched Fiona's center and her sweet liquid gushed into Monique's mouth. Monique was unprepared for Fiona's gusher but none the less she licked at the silky lips, losing herself in the feeling of Fiona's beautiful hot young body. She flattened her tongue and stroked Fiona's center up and down firmly enough that Fiona could feel it on her clit. Monique drove Fiona mad as the swollen clit twitched and ached for more attention. Fiona arched her back and pulled Monique's head to her mound trying to shove her engorged clit into Monique's mouth much like a man would shove his cock into a woman's mouth. Monique wrapped her lips around Fiona's swollen button and sucked it. Fiona gasped as Monique's lips sucked her clit in further and further causing a strong tremor to run through her whole body.

Fiona's hips lifted off of the bed as Monique sucked on her clit flicking it back and forth as her fingers probed deep inside Fiona. Monique worked her fingers in and out slowly at first and then with more intensity as her tongue firmly, methodically pressed again and again against Fiona's erect clit, which was now totally exposed from its hood. At this point Fiona's groans became very loud, her body was rocked with her second orgasm and she ground her pussy into Monique's face which was totally covered with Fiona's sweet love juices that gushed as the dam broke. 

Monique continued to lap at the hard clit as Fiona's body convulsed and with one orgasm after another. Slowly Fiona relaxed after the last of one of the most intense climaxes she ever had. She lay back on the bed as Monique moved up to her lips and covered them with her own mouth, kissing Fiona tenderly, deeply and letting her tongue slip past Fiona's lips so she could taste herself. Fiona kissed Monique eagerly in return, loving the sweet taste of her own pussy. They lay on the bed cradled in one other's arms without saying a word savoring the feel of a woman's body in each other's arms.

"Come to me Fiona, come and make love to me," she called softly to me.

"I don't know exactly what to do," Fiona replied nervously not wanting to disappoint her teacher.

"Nonsense, just do to me what I did you. It's easy, just follow your instincts and enjoy. I'll teach you," Monique whispered.

Monique opened her legs and guided Fiona between her thighs. Fiona looked right at Monique's beautiful pussy and she leaned forward and slowly stuck out her tongue. Fiona took one, slow lick as she flattened my tongue on Monique's swollen mound. It felt so smooth and warm and Fiona knew she had achieved the desired effect from her teacher's moan she know that Monique enjoyed it. To Fiona's surprise she enjoyed her first taste of pussy and she kept licking and eating Monique. Fiona pointed her tongue and burrowed into Monique's pussy as it parted the labia and her tongue was rewarded with the exquisite taste of Monique's juice. 

Monique was obviously enjoying what Fiona was doing and she reached down with both hands and spread herself wide making it so much easier for Fiona's tongue to explore her pussy. Fiona's tongue explored all of Monique as her mind took notes of what seemed to turn Monique on. Monique was breathing rapidly and she moaned softly whenever Fiona got near her hard pearl. As Fiona searched out Monique's hard clit, still just barely hidden, Monique tensed and began to quiver. After Fiona felt like she had teased Monique's opening as much as she could with her tongue it was time to see Monique's reaction when Fiona's tongue finally touched the clit just as Monique had done to her earlier.

Fiona burrowed her tongue as deep into Monique as she could and then she just sort of licked and sucked her way up. When Fiona got to Monique's clit she used the very tip of her tongue to push back the little hood. Fiona was truly amazed at its hardness as she flicked her tongue over it once and then used the tip to explore the folds of flesh on either side of it. Monique was now moaning and she used her fingers to pull her hood back as she arched herself so that her clit stuck out even further like a little cock. Fiona nuzzled it with her nose taking in Monique's scent and she licked it once more before she took it between her teeth and gently nibbled it. 

Monique went wild and started bucking and calling out Fiona's name. She let go of her own fleshy hood and pulled Fiona's head to her pussy as she cried out in ecstasy. Fiona sucked Monique's clit as deep in her mouth as she could and Monique humped her face for all she was worth. Fiona was excited that she was able to get Monique that excited and she sucked harder and played with this wonderful new toy with her lips, tongue and teeth. Fiona didn't know exactly how many times Monique came but finally she finally went stiff and then collapsed on the bed, her body in spasms. 

"That was beautiful you were marvelous Fiona. I cannot believe that it was your first time eating pussy," Monique sighed.

Fiona was turned on again and she lay on her back next to Monique and her hands went to her pussy. She started to finger herself anxious to cum yet again. Fiona noticed Monique get off the bed and leave the room. Her eyes were closed and she was furiously flicking her clit when Monique returned.

"Fiona I have a surprise for you," she said in a sultry tone, "I hope you will let me use this on you."

Fiona opened my eyes and saw Monique standing by the bed wearing a strap-on dildo. Fiona was shocked to see such a display. Monique knelt on the bed between Fiona's legs and pressed her lips down hard on Fiona's kissing her until her lips parted and Monique's tongue entered her mouth. Fiona reached down and wrapped her hand around the fake cock that was touching her inner thighs. Fiona was nervous about the size of the rubber cock that Monique planned to use.

"I am still a virgin, please be gentle," Fiona said nervously.

"Oh, I didn't know. Maybe I shouldn't do this today," Monique replied with a hint of disappoint in her voice.

"No, no, I want you to. I want you to be the one to take my virginity. Please just be careful," Fiona pleaded.

Without another word Monique moved Fiona's legs apart and slid the flexible dong into her soaking wet pussy. There was the resistance of the hymen but Fiona was so wet that the head slipped in easily. Fiona felt the cock penetrate her and she felt brief pain then fullness. As Monique slid the fake cock inside Fiona she lifted her knees and closed her eyes surrendering herself to Monique. Fiona gave into her and whatever was to come next. Then Fiona felt something fierce burst inside her as Monique thrust her hips in one hard fast motion driving into Fiona causing her to cry out. Fiona grasped the bed sheets and her cries got louder with each thrust of Monique's cock into her.

"Harder, harder fuck me harder," Fiona screamed thrusting her hips up to meet Monique, "Oh God, yes, it's so good," she continued.

Monique hooked her arms under Fiona's knees and held on her thrusts becoming harder and faster. Fiona could feel that tension building again that sweet fire that she so often sought and the pressure was mounting. Without warning Fiona screamed out, her body suddenly tensing and arching up off the bed. Fiona's cumming pushed Monique over the edge and they both exploded together. Monique collapsed on top of Fiona their breasts pressing together. They lay quietly with the fake cock still buried in Fiona's pussy until Monique rolled off her and lay on her back next to her. Fiona looked down at her and the saw the menacing dildo pointing in the air. It looked obscene on Monique's body. 

Fiona thought to herself, "That she had just lost her cherry and had one of the most intense orgasms of her young life."

From that day on the two of them could not get enough of each other. Fiona was hopelessly in love with her teacher and Monique taught her all the pleasures of lesbian love. Monique eventually took Fiona's anal cherry with the rubber cock but not before tonguing and rimming Fiona's beautiful ass. Fiona also got to fuck her teacher vaginally and anally with the strap-on. Their affair lasted until graduation and then Fiona moved on with her life.
