 "Oh fuck, I'm going to come! Oh Oh, pump that cock harder. Spank me! Come for ME! YES YES YES!" River mumbled in her sexual comatose of sleep.

It was a great dream about the few hours before and she longed for so much more. She opened her eyes slowly, remembering what all had happened with her lovely neighbor. She hoped it would happen much more.

Daylight seemed to be her enemy as she woke with soreness, slightly sticky and a little hung-over. The upside was that she also found herself very naked with her sexual fever slightly fulfilled. What a welcome relief as she stared at Sonya with eyes wider than the morning and a desire to make her new mistress very happy.

Sonya was still purring in her sleep from the early morning conquest of her neighbor. (River was wettest late at night). River watched Sonya and dared to pull back the covers once more to glance upon her sweet naked ass. She pulled the blankets back up to Sonya's face, tucking in the warmth around here carefully as River got up quietly.

River was still impaled by the dildo in her ass and decided that she could remove it for now to clean up and start a new day. If Sonya wanted her to, she would put it back in as soon as she could. She thought that the sound of the shower might wake her lovely friend, so that was exactly what she decided to do.

She turned on the water and thoughts from the night before were still swimming in her mind. Each lick, caress and wiggle made her gasp but also brought a huge grin. She looked in the mirror while waiting for the water to get warm and saw that her hair had the hugest JFL she had ever seen. That proved it; this had been a great time.

She brought her impaler into the shower with her and gently stroked soap over it to clean it up. The hot water washed all of last night off of the sweet slippery cock. She was well aware that it was a fake cock, but felt that it still deserved some attention as it was so wonderful to her earlier.

As she washed it, she felt like home stroking it into a slathered sudsy hot mess. She turned toward the massaging spray of water and rinsed it off and watched all of the suds run down the drain. It was merely hypnotic as she started to feel a fondness for another woman's dildo. She gave it a kiss and set it on the shelf in the shower to be returned to its proper place at another time.

River let the warm water take her over. She squirted fragrant body wash on the extra-large poof in the shower and had to giggle at the squishy sound. Sometimes, even when she was at her most sexually deviant, she was still a little kid when it came to funny sounds. She couldn't help it, it made her smile.

She lathered her body up with suds and let worries flow away with the hot spray of water on her naked back. She started to rub the poof between her legs, hoping to ease some of the ache of longing for more playtime with her new friend. She rubbed the suds across her heaving breasts, making them slick and slippery to the touch.

One hand rubbed her breasts, pinching on the nipples to be sure that she was really still there and not in a dream as her other hand slipping the soapy poof between her legs. River started to rub her most favorite parts, not really to work her way to orgasm, but merely to remind herself that it was possible to really touch them and enjoy without feeling the horny ache she had just hours ago.

She closed her eyes and places both hands on her breasts and enjoyed the softness of her own skin and gentle squish that great breasts always have. Her nipples came to pointed threats as she was easily able to push one, then the other into her waiting mouth. She nibbled and stretched a nipple and let go of it with her hands as it pulled like elastic with the gravity. Her eyes were closed with a nipple drooping from her mouth; her hands had reached further below to the all of the sweet spots that Sonya had played with earlier.

She started to breathe heavily, with her eyes closed and the hot spray of the shower reminding her that it had not been a dream. She couldn't get over the look in Sonya's eyes as she pulled River's breasts to the farthest most delicious point of pain. She could think of nothing else as she put the other nipple in her own mouth.

Although River's eyes were closed, she could feel a shadow cover the sun and she felt the cool air of the open shower. River made no effort to stop, but played the part harder for her lustful partner. She pushed her hips forward while her hands worked furiously now on her slick hairless skin. Another hand joined the party between River's legs while the other pulled slightly on the nipple hanging from River's mouth. It caused a spasm of delicious pain and seduced her to put on a better show.

"Good morning my Sweet. It's nice to see you in such a wonderful mood. Oh, seeing your slippery skin is just what I need to get moving today." Sonya had heavy hands controlling each movement against River's wet skin.

River turned her neck toward Sonya, as Sonya bit on River's lip and pressed her tongue deeper into her mouth. Each lovely massage of hot spots on River's skin made her even happier on such a bright and sunny morning as the evidence of a hangover was washed away with the passion in the hot water spray.

"I see that you wanted to freshen up, that's good my Sweet. Let me help make sure everything is clean. I want you to bend your knees down. No. Further. I want your ass to rest on your ankles. I want you to spread your legs as far apart as you can." Sonya was demanding with her requests, but very sweet and sexy at the same time.

Here was River, squatting in another woman's shower with her head back, eyes closed and waiting for further instruction as she could be lost in this world forever. Sonya motioned for River to turn around, as she was open to all the water pulsing against staggered flesh and making her gasp in reaction to all of the things touching her.

Sonya got down on her knees in front of River and quickly led her hands to all of the delicate spots that River had been thinking about. Sonya reached up to the shelf to grab her favorite dildo and had the wicked smile on her face and erotically naughty thoughts racing through her mind.

River tried to touch and rub anything she could find on Sonya's skin but was told to put her hands back on her knees and relax, that was all she needed to do. Sonya sucked on and nibbled River's nipples, as her hands parted River's labia and became forcibly probing any part of River's sweet spots that Sonya could find.

While River was in mid moan for the hard bite on her nipple, Sonya pushed the dildo deep inside of River and watched all of the reactions on her face. Her parted lips and closely locked eyes told Sonya that this was just where she wanted River. Each forceful thrust and strong sliding fingers made River bite her lips in ecstasy.

In a harsh and throaty whisper Sonya ordered, "No River. Open your mouth, I don't want you to be quiet, I want to hear it all. Show me how you scream."

Sonya plunged deeper within her friend, pumping her dripping pussy and grinding it on her G-spot.

River opened her mouth and let lose moans that were music to Sonya's ears. Each sliding finger had its very own mission and each gasp of breath took Sonya and River to the edge.

Sonya's voice was harsher and commanded, "Take your hand and play with your clit for me. Show me how you like it. I want to see you get it done."

Sonya enjoyed the show.

River did as she was told as she concentrated on spreading her pussy lips further and put them on display in the steamy shower. Sonya pushed and pumped the dildo deeper in River's pussy while encouraging her to come for her. Sonya took her waiting hand and started to rub her own throbbing clit with abandon. Sonya kept an eye on River's breathing, listened to her moans and met each gasp with harder rubbing on her own clit.

Sonya knew that she had every piece of control over River at this moment and would not let her go. She kept her on the waiting edge, withdrawing and letting go, then pulsing forward harder each time. Achingly, River's moans turned into screams and all of the wetness in the shower was not merely from the water.

With River gasping, Sonya knew the time had come. She pushed the dildo to the breaking point deep within her friend and was met by a loud and amazing scream of a fiery orgasm for her friend. She pushed her clit harder and met River's screaming echoes with her own as she exploded in ecstasy.

River was on the brink of too much pain as Sonya's orgasm subsided, releasing River's nipple from her steel grip. The release of her nipple brought further waves of orgasms as River was no longer in control of herself. Playfully and dramatically, River collapsed back on her bottom, unable to stay in her position any longer. She sat in the corner of the shower, shivering and pulsing while staring at her lustful friend.

Sonya stood up and grabbed the shower handle and was careful to wash the rest of River's wet pussy off. She couldn't help but smile because this was one of her favorite things to witness. It would not take much to make her come later just by remembering the image of her naked friend sprawled in her shower and unable to move from a pounding orgasm.

They smiled at each other, lost in each others eyes and unable to speak but the spent crooked smiles on their faces said everything that needed to be said.

With one last breath, they were almost able to stand, when they heard footsteps outside the shower and a hearty, "Mornin..." from a very tall and naked stranger to River, but playmate to Sonya.

"I see that you finally got a hold of her for your own greedy hands. Care to share?" Fred gave Sonya a wicked smile.