 When my husband and I travel I like to tease him when it gets later at night and he is starting to get tried of driving. I carry my vibrator in the glove compartment, when it would get dark I would pull it out, lay back the seat and masturbate for him. This would keep him awake and me ready for when we got to our destination.

Last year we were traveling with a couple of friends, Megan and James. We were on our way to a conference, after we were heading different directions so we took two vehicles. At one of the stops along the way to get a donut and coffee we decided to switch partners. Megan joined me in our van, while James and my husband took their car. James being a faster driver they were soon out of sight with a couple of hours of driving yet to our destination. 

We gabbed and laughed as the sun started to go down. Over the hum of the road I heard a gasp from the passenger seat; I looked over to see the glove box open and Megan holding my vibrator. 

She was smiling; she giggled and said, "Expecting some excitement this weekend?" 

I'm sure I was beat red with embarrassment but told her of my husbands and I ritual of masturbation on the road. I heard the buzz of the vibrator turn on and looked over to see her running it over her cheek. I turned my eyes back to the road turning another two shades of red. I took another quick glance over and she was still running it over her face. I concentrated on the road trying to push my embarrassment away. 

I froze as a heard a small moan from the passenger's seat. I sneaked a peak to see Megan with her skirt slid up, her panties pulled aside and the vibrator on her clit. I tried to look away but couldn't. It was just so damn sexy. See seemed to be in a world of her own. 

I reached over and gently leaned her seat back. She looked over at me and smiled "Mmmmm that's nice" she softly said. She paused for a moment as she slipped her panties off, and then resumed running the vibrator over her clit. 

I still could not take my eyes off her just taking quick glances at the road to make sure we were on track. She started alternately slipping the vibrator into her pussy and over her clit, back and forth, back and forth, it was mesmerizing. 

I could feel my own pussy getting wet; I could see why my husband liked to watch me. Megan's moans were getting louder and I could not hold off any longer I reached over started to unbutton her blouse, I was rewarded with a creamy expanse of cleavage. When I had all but the bottom button undone I reached for her bra enclosed breast, gently rubbing over the nipple. 

Megan moaned louder. She sat up a little; reaching around with her free hand she undid her bra. I undid the last button on her shirt and helped her slip off her top and bra. 

She leaned back and got to work again her impending orgasm and I caressed her breasts with my right hand, steering the van with my left. I was so horny right then I think any touch would have brought me over the edge. 

Megan was just so sexy pleasing herself. I could tell from the sounds she was making that she was close. She started to shudder and had a wonderful orgasm. Oh it was so good to watch. She continued building up to another. As she subsided she turned to me and with loving eyes asked me to find a place to pull over. 

I did not want to turn my eyes away from her but I started scanning the road for a secluded spot. We had gone a few more miles, Megan was building up again as I spotted a road into a farmers field that I thought would do. I pulled over; we were mostly hidden from the road and with the lights off no one would see us. I turn off the engine and lights; the moonlight was enough to allow me to see Megan bring herself to orgasm again. 

She looked over at me again and said, "I wanted you to pull over because I have urgent desire to watch you masturbate for me." At that time she could have asked me to do anything in the world and I would have to obey. 

We moved to the back of the van where there was more room and the steering wheel would not get in the way. I slipped off my dress, bra and panties. I leaned back and took the vibrator from her. It was slippery with her juices. I slid it easily into my pussy I was so wet I was almost gushing. It felt great as I started to fuck myself, I needed release so bad. It took my no time at all to have an orgasm. 

I started on my second with I realized Megan was sucking on my right nipple, that sent me over the edge right then. I just love to have my nipples sucked. I had a third orgasm; I was so wet now it was running out of me. Megan moved from my breast to my face kissing me gently, mmmm so soft and nice. 

"Can I taste you?" she asked. I have never done anything like this before but I was so turned on all I could do was nod yes. 

She moved between my spread open thighs, the vibrator discarded somewhere on the floor. I can't describe what I felt only that when they say rockets and stars they are right. She licked around my lips, then darted her tongue inside me. As she flicked her tongue over my clit little shots of electricity shot up inside me. What brought me off is when she started to lick, starting at the bottom of my slit and moving right up to my clit. Over and over, dragging her tongue up and down. 

After another orgasm she raised herself up for another kiss. I tasted myself on her lips, it was so good. 

I had intense desire at that time to taste her. I leaned her back, she spread her thighs in anticipation, being new to this I went slow kissing, taking little licks, I pressed my tongue against her clit and was rewarded with a moan. This spurred me on, I let loose and in a short time was rewarded with Megan climaxing with my lips locked around her clit. After bringing her to two more orgasms, I leaned back exhausted. 

Megan leaned over and gave me a kiss. We got dressed and got back on the road. 

The men were wondering why we were so far behind we told them we were just careful drivers and smiled at each other.