 Once again, there are no minors in this story. Everyone is 18 and above. Also, just like before, washingtonstatecowboy helped edit this piece. I hope you like it and thanks for reading! 

*

As Sikowitz stared at his class, he felt a sense of disappointment. He had just recently written a play but now his class didn't want to participate. Realizing it was almost summer, he said "Now I know school's almost out but that's no excuse to be saying no to everything...in fact, I propose a challenge: for the rest of the day, until midnight, I want you guys to say yes to everything."

Andre popped his head up and said "everything? Couldn't that end really badly?"

"I don't mean making out with someone and nothing dangerous. But say yes to everything else. Broaden your horizons a little."

Dread registered on the students' faces as the instructions sunk in. Knowing this school, anything could happen. Sikowitz laughed at their expressions. "Since you're all so excited about this, class is dismissed." 

The class groaned, grabbed their stuff, and exited the room. Tori was just getting to her locker when Cat ran up to her. "Hey Tori, why so down?"

" Didn't you hear Sikowitz's assignment? This is going to suck..."

"But it gives us the perfect opportunity to visit my brother at his "special help"...you were going to come with me last time but you had to wash your dog...and you don't have a dog..."

Immediate guilt plagued Tori as those words left Cat's mouth. Cat's wanted her to go on this road trip for a long time now and it hasn't happened. It's not that Tori didn't like Cat, she did. It was the insane brother she was worried about. But the look on Cat's face and the recent assignment had Tori saying "Alright fine, I'll go with you. But I won't talk to your brother."

The last comment fell on deaf ears as Cat squealed and hugged Tori. "Oh thank you Tori! My brother doesn't like it when I don't visit and I need a driver."

"You're welcome-wait, driver? That's why I'm going? You have a license!...I don't know how but you do."

Before Cat replied she looked at the floor and played with a strand of her bright red hair. "I may have sort of crashed my car...a squirrel ran in front of it..."

Tori sighed and rolled her eyes. For Cat, this was normal. "Of course...fine, I'll drive. But you owe me."

"Thank you! I'm going to grab my stuff from my locker and then we'll go."

Tori followed after Cat with a perplexed look on her Latina face. "Um, go? Do you realize we're still in school?"

Without missing a beat, Cat said "but if we wait until 2, the mean office lady won't let us in...it's kind of a long drive..."

"How long?"

"About four hours...please don't be mad at me."

Tori sighed and looked at the clock. They still had two hours left of school but something inside her was telling her to go. Lately she had been really stressed at school and the only thing she had left today was academic stuff. Cracking a smile, Tori spoke up. "You know what? Screw school! Where we're going may not be very fun but it's been a while since we've hung out. Let's go Cat...but how are we going to do this without mass amounts of trouble?"

"Oh my brother used to skip school all the time...he said students can sign themselves out of school once they're 18...but what does he know."

"Oh my God Cat, you're actually onto something! We can just say we're going to a rehearsal for Sikowitz's play...the office staff never talks to him anymore after his coconut incident in the microwave..."

After a few minutes of Cat giggling, the girls signed out, climbed into Tori's car, and headed to the hospital. If any guys looked their way they would probably need new jeans. Over on the driver side was Tori; Long, wavy, brunette hair flowing in the wind, sun kissed skin, and a killer smile. Covering her b-cup breasts was a tight, blue v neck t-shirt. Finishing off the look was curve hugging capris and sandals. In the passenger seat was Cat, a fiery red head with smooth skin and chocolate brown eyes. On her feminine body was a low cut, lace blue dress that showed off her toned legs. They were a couple of heart breakers on the move. Tori relaxed in her seat while saying "this is fun. It's been so long since I went for a drive with the radio on and a good friend...Cat, what are you doing?"

"This game is no fun and I can't win."

"Cat, that's my GPS...if you're bored why don't you go over your script for next week?

" OK!" Her face lit up as she grabbed it and got into the zone. Despite her 'moments' as their friends called them, she was an incredible actress. This particular role was a Southern belle from Tennessee. As she did her lines, Tori couldn't help but get pulled in. Her voice was so sensual and the way she was delivering her lines was spot on. If Tori didn't pull it together, she'd crash. Earlier in the year, her and Jade had sex in the janitor's closet at school and a relationship didn't come of it but it told Tori something: she was full on gay; and now she was falling for Cat. After about an hour, Cat took a break from the script. "So how was I?"

Tori tried to play it cool but the gushing just came out. "You were amazing Cat! I completely believed you were from the South."

Giggling, she thanked Tori. But before they could talk more their favorite song came on the radio. Cat grinned as Tori turned it up. Before long, they were singing along, showing off their beautiful voices. Other motorists got a good show seeing two eighteen year olds singing and dancing in their car. This went on for a while and before they knew it, it was three. Cat stopped singing and said "Yay, we're almost there! But Tori..."

"Yes Cat?"

"I have to pee..."

Tori laughed at how cutely Cat said that then said "it's OK. I could use a stop too so I'll pull into this gas station."

Tori parked the car and the girls took turns using the bathroom then scanned the snack isles. After loading up with junk food, they headed back to the car. About forty-five minutes later, the girls pulled up in front of a mental hospital. Tori stopped the car and looked at Cat. "Is this it?"

"Yeah...this is where my brother is. I'm going to go see him and hopefully he's not lighting stuff on fire."

She left the car and Tori began to do homework. Not the most fun thing in the world but she's wasn't about to go with Cat. But after only ten minutes she came back looking like she was about to cry. "I forgot...visitations are next month...I can't see him."

Tori almost snapped her pencil upon hearing that statement. "You mean we just drove four hours for nothing?"

"I'm so sorry Tori...but they chance the schedules all the time and I forgot...you probably hate me now..."

Tori sighed and let go of her anger. Yes, it was frustrating but this wasn't Cat's fault. She was just trying to be a good sister. Hugging Cat to her, Tori said softly. "I could never hate you Cat...I mean, I'm pretty frustrated but it was still fun. You're my friend and I love you...but are you ok? I mean you were so excited..."

Cat sniffled and snuggled closer to the brunette. "I'm feeling really sad...I want to go swimming."

"Swimming? Why swimming?"

"We have a pool at home so whenever I get sad I swim...and since I'm with you I'll be able to swim with someone."

"We could go swimming...but where? We don't have a lot of money..."

"There's a pool at this hospital...it's locked but my brother gave me the code to get in...it's surprisingly easy to break in."

Tori stared shocked at Cat. "Wow, first skipping school and now breaking into a pool? What's gotten into you?"

"Wait, we skipped school? And I want to swim..."

Once again Tori chuckled and found herself wanting to say yes. "But won't we get in trouble?"

"No, the pool closes and three and no one goes in there after that...wow, my brother knows a lot about this place."

Shrugging her shoulders, Tori started her car to move it to the back parking lot. "I may regret this but Sikowitz did tell us to say yes...and I don't care that this is dangerous."

After moving the car, the girls grabbed their bags and headed for the pool. Luckily, that day in gym it was swimming day so their swim suits were with them. Once Cat entered the code, they made their way to the locker room. For it being a mental hospital, the pool was really nice. But while changing, the only thing Tori could look at was Cat. Her body had curves in all the right places and when she caught a glimpse of her perky breasts, it was all Tori could do to suppress a moan. Cat however noticed the staring. After getting her bikini on, she asked Tori "why are you staring at me? Is there something wrong?"

Blushing, Tori stammered out "n-no, I was just admiring your c-cute clothes..."

"It's OK Tori, I know you're gay."

At this point, Tori's eyes were saucers. "W-what!? What makes you say that!?"

Cat sighed and sat down on one of the benches. "I'm sorry, I didn't mean to know...but when Sikowitz locked you in the closet with Jade, I went by to see if you were ok and I heard moaning...at first I thought she was hurting you but then the sounds starting sounding like the porn from my brother's computer..."

Tori groaned and sunk to the bench, blushing so hard she thought her head would explode. "Oh God, I can't believe you know about that...I was trying so hard to keep that a secret..."

"Why keep it a secret when I don't care if you're gay? I mean, Jade was really lucky that day..."

"Why do you say lucky? You don't like me...do you Cat?"

This time it was Cat's turn to blush. She began fiddling with the string of her bikini bottoms, drawing Tori's eyes to down there. "Maybe I do...ever since I found out about you and Jade, I was jealous and you're so sweet and pretty..."

Tori was completely caught off guard. Never in her wildest dreams did she think Cat would be coming onto her. Not wanting to let this moment go to waste, she asked "Cat, can I kiss you?"

Cat nodded and let out a breathless yes before the kiss happened. It was slow and tentative at first until it blossomed into one of passion and desire. Tori pulled Cat closer and began rubbing her back while kissing harder. The red head moaned and ran her fingers through Tori's silky hair. After a few minutes it was turning into a make out session as tongues swirled and probed. Letting instinct take over, Tori moved her mouth away from her partner's lips and planted soft kisses down her neck. Cat moaned louder and squirmed a little on the bench. "Oh Tori...that feels good."

Tori smirked against the woman's smooth skin. "I'm glad...do you want this to continue?"

"Yes please."

Tori took that approval and ran with it. She trailed kisses down Cat's neck until she reached her black bikini top. After untying it, the tiny material fluttered to the floor exposing Cat's perfect breasts. Tori's hands were itching to touch them but something nagged at the back of her mind. Reluctantly pulling herself up, she asked "Are you OK with what we're doing Cat? I don't want to be taking advantage of you..."

"Yes I'm OK...I don't really know what to do but it felt really good and you're my friend."

" OK...but, I have to ask...do you know what sex is?"

Cat sighed and her smile faded. "Yeah...a little while ago, I had sex with Robbie..."

Upon hearing this, Tori almost fell off the bench. "What!?"

"Yeah...after bugging me for like a month, I finally went on a date with him. You know that sushi truck by the school? Well, we went there and he gave me calamari..."

"Um, what's up with calamari?"

"It's my horny food...then after that we went back to his house, kissed for a few minutes, then had sex...but it hurt and wasn't good."

Immediately Tori became concerned for her friend. "What happened?"

"When he started, I felt something pop, felt a bunch of pain, and then he said he was done...I went home after that..."

Tori was almost crying at this point. Virginity is something special and Cat's experience was horrible. 'Not to self: kill Robbie tomorrow...' she thought. Scooting over, she hugged the redhead. "Oh Cat...I am so sorry...that's terrible..."

For a few moments, they were quiet until Cat pulled away and smiled. "Thank you Tori...maybe you can show me what sex is supposed to feel like..."

Grinning, Tori ran her hands over Cat's smooth breasts and twisted her nipples until they were tight. The more she tweaked and pulled the more Cat moaned and pretty soon Tori could see a wet spot on her crotch. Just to really tease, Tori lowered her mouth to Cat's nipples and slowly alternated between licking and sucking. Immediately, Cat arched her back and used her hands to keep Tori in place. She was whimpering and all her little noises were music to Tori's ears. However, after a little while Cat spoke up. "Please Tori I can't take any more of this...I can't stop moving and my panties feel wet."

Tori rubbed her hands up and down Cat's legs. "Don't worry, that's normal. But I know a way to take care of that. Do you trust me?"

Cat frantically nodded and gave permission for the Latina to remove her panties. The sight of how wet she was almost knocked Tori over. She was practically leaking and the smell was intoxicating. "Alright Cat; I'm going to try something now. If you like it, just relax and let it happen. But if you don't like it, let me know."

" OK."

Leaning down, Tori breathed in the scent before running her tongue over the pulsing pussy. Cat's hips jerked and a groan came out from deep in her throat. Tori took this as a good sign so she continued, still licking slow to allow her lover to get used to it. After only a minute of licking, Cat was panting and moaning while gripping the bench under her. Tori stopped her work and gazed up. "It looks like you're enjoying this."

"Yes, I am...and I want more. Please don't stop."

Rather than reply, Tori just smiled and continued with more force than ever. Her licking became faster and she added some light nibbling into the mix. It did the trick and Cat's hips began thrusting into Tori's mouth and her groans increased in volume. A few more swipes and she was ready to cum. As a final touch, Tori shoved a finger into the contracting pussy and the dam broke. Cat screamed and trembled as she released all that she had. Tori rode the wave with her and when the woman finally relaxed, Tori sat up. Once the panting woman caught her breath, she asked "what was that? I've never had that happen to me before..."

Despite Tori's aroused state, she was surprised at that statement. " You've never had an orgasm? What about, you know, playing with yourself..."

"No...I never really knew how...but I loved that! It made me feel all tingly inside...thank you Tori."

"You're welcome; I'm glad I was your first...but, would you mind doing that to me? I really need it." 

"But what if I do it wrong?"

"Don't worry about that...just follow my lead and do whatever feels natural. You can start by stripping me."

That seemed to calm Cat down as she made quick work of Tori's clothes. Once she was naked, Cat said "Wow...you're so beautiful...and you have a really good body...can I touch it?"

"Of course you can touch me...I'm all yours."

The girls switched places so Tori was lying down and Cat was sitting up to make things easier. Just like Tori, Cat started at the breasts and began massaging them. Upon hearing her lover's moan, she kept going until she made it to the nipples. After a little play with them, they were diamond tight and Tori was squirming with want. "Ugh please...Cat I need it."

Cat giggled and leaned down so she could see Tori's pussy. It was glistening in the light and was pulsing from desire. To get a feel for it, Cat ran a finger over the lips and inside, hitting all the sensitive spots causing Tori to go wild. Once confident, Cat began suckling and licking the aroused pussy. She went slow, fast, and grazed her teeth against the clit. Tori's entire body was tingling and it was impossible to sit still. "Mmmmm oh God yes!"

Cat smiled and kept up the work until Tori was right on the edge. Stopping her motions on the pussy, Cat focused her attention to the sensitive clit and began sucking on it as fast as she could. Tori moaned louder and louder until something snapped and she screamed. Her body went rigid for a moment before shaking through a powerful orgasm. When it was finally over, she relaxed against the bench gulping for air. Cat sat up and wiped the hair away from her face before asking "was I any good?"

Between breaths of air, Tori replied "You were amazing! I can't believe...this was your first time...you were incredible and that...felt so good!"

Cat grinned. "Thank you."

Wanting to cuddle, Tori laid their jackets on the floor then brought Cat down onto the makeshift bed before holding her. "I can't believe this happened but I'm glad it did...I really like you Cat."

Snuggling closer, Cat sighed happily. "And I really like you Tori...thank you for coming with me."

For a few minutes, a comfortable silence fell over them until Tori remembered something. "Cat, you didn't just say yes to this because of the assignment right?"

Cat got a confused look on her face. "What assignment?"

Tori chuckled, held her new girlfriend tight, and replied "never mind."