 They had a long drive ahead of them. Katie planned accordingly by wearing comfortable clothes. Nothing too restricting for the ride.

They packed a few bags and set out before dawn road tripping to Vegas. No plans, just taking the vacation time off work and spending Christmas with just the two of them.

A couple hours in, the drive was getting monotonous. She played her games on the tablet, texted with friends and read a few articles. Didn't take long for Katie to get bored.

She looked over at Anna and smiled mischievously. 

"What's the matter with you?" Anna grinned.

"I'm bored." Katie leaned on the console a little closer to Anna and smiled again.

"Well, that didn't take you long, we're barely out of Florida!" Anna slipped her hand over to Katie's leg to calm her down some.

Katie stared out the window for a few miles more. After shooting down several ideas in her head to keep her busy, she decided on something to keep them both occupied.

Katie stretched over to Anna and began kissing on her neck. She loved the way she smelled.

"What are you doing?!" Anna jumped and laughed. The car swerved to the left a little. "You're nuts! I can't concentrate on driving when you do that!"

"I know, but you smell so good, and you know what that does to me." Katie started following the contours of Anna's breasts with her fingertips and staring at her; waiting for a reaction. Anna just cocked a smile and kept driving.

Katie ran her hand down Anna's leg and back up to her crotch, still trying to get a reaction from her. Anna adjusted herself a little and spread her legs a little more.

Anna reached over the back of the seat and grabbed a package for Katie. 

"I was going to give this to you when we got there but I think you can use it now." And tossed the gift bag into Katie's lap.

"Oh, I love surprises! What is this?!" She started tearing open the bag. The first thing she pulled out was some AA batteries. "These look promising!" She giggled, "Ohhh my god, yesssss!" and she pulled out a velvety purple vibrator.

"Maybe you can keep yourself busy with that for a little while?" Anna joked halfheartedly.

"Heck ya!" and looked around at the surrounding traffic. "Seriously? I will, ya know."

"I know! That's why I gave it to you now! I want to watch!" Anna reassured her.

Quickly, Katie yanks open the box, tossed the batteries in the end of it and twisted the switch on.

"Oh yeah!" Katie growled. "Niiiiice!"

Katie looked around once more and started shimmying off her yoga pants.

"No panties?!" Anna laughed. "You came prepared, didn't you!"

"I just wanted to be comfortable for the ride." Katie lowered her seat back and smiled.

Anna checked her mirrors and copped a quick feel before Katie slid it in. Katie smiled at her and slipped the vibrator slowly in. She turned towards Anna as far as the seatbelt would let her, put her left leg over the console and propped her right foot up on the dash.

Katie opened her labia up showing Anna just how wet she was already and slid the vibrator in about half way. Anna gave her hand a push, making the toy go in all the way.

"Ohhh!" Katie groaned and rolled her head back in enjoyment.

The vibrator hummed softly each time she pushed it in and pulled it back out. It was the perfect size; Katie loved them thick. 

Katie rubbed her clit vigorously as she fucked herself with the toy. Anna loved watching. Her own panties were soaked just from watching.

"Take your t-shirt off, I want see your nipples bounce." Anna lifted Katie's shirt some to get her started. 

Katie pulled her shirt over her head revealing her white sports bra. "This too?"

"Yes, I want to see all of you." Anna took the vibe from her to free her hands, so she could. 

There was a car coming up beside them; Anna looked at the driver and licked the vibrator all the way from the base up to the tip. 

"You are such a tease!" Katie play smacked Anna's arm. "You're going to make that poor guy wreck!"

"Yeah, and this coming from the hot naked girl." Anna laughed and tossed the vibrator in Katie's lap. "Now, get back to work! I wasn't done watching you!"

Katie got back in position, slipped her fingers down inside her and spread her lips open once again. She turned the switch up to max and gently teased her clit with the vibration. This new vibe had quickly become her favorite toy; she plunged it as deep as it'd go then would wiggle it front to back then do it again.

Anna watched and tried to keep her eyes on the road. It had become increasingly harder to focus on the drive now. Her own panties were so saturated that she could smell the sweet scent of her own pussy.

Katie looked up to see a look on Anna's face; the look of pure enjoyment and lust. Katie knew Anna was wet and she knew Anna wanted to taste her juices. She had been fucking her pussy with that toy so hard they were freely running out and puddling on the leather seat. She pulled the toy out and jammed her fingers in deep. She held her soaked fingers up to Anna's lips for her to lick clean.

Anna firmly grabbed Katie's wrist, stared her in the eyes and licked every bit of Katie essence from her fingers. 

Katie was even more turned on by this, "I want to taste you... now!" She began tugging at Anna's shorts while she was driving. 

"Easy, girl... Give me a minute to pull over!" Anna giggled at Katie's urgency.

"No! Keep driving!" She demanded.

"Alright! Hang on!" Anna swerved back into traffic.

Katie tugged and struggled to get Anna's shorts off. She could smell the sweet smell of sex coming from Anna. Her need to taste it had become fierce. 

Anna shook the shorts from her feet, the car swerving left and right as she did. Katie dove over into Anna's lap and buried her face. Anna popped her left foot on the door, so Katie could get her face in there further. 

Kneeling on her seat, across the center console with her bare ass up in the air, Katie licked the hell out of Anna's clit. 

Anna stretched her arm over Katie's back caressing her ass. Her fingers finding their way to Katie's sweet dripping essence; fingering her as deep as she could reach. Katie knocked her head against the steering wheel when she arched her ass up to help causing Anna to swerve once again. Unbeknownst to her, this time, she swerved in front of a cop. 

The orgasmic euphoria swirling around in her head had her oblivious to the blue lights flashing until he was right next to them motioning her to pull over.

"Shit, Katie! We're getting pulled over! Get dressed!" Anna yelled.

She slowed down and tried to take her time pulling over, but she knew that wouldn't end well either. 

Katie struggled to find her clothes; the officer was too quick. There she was, no pants and a shirt hung up over her head. 

"Ma'am, do you know why I pulled you over?" The trooper leaned down to the window. 

Anna timidly looked up at him, hoping he wouldn't notice her shorts were laying on the floor. 

"Was I speeding?" She guessed.

He took a step closer to look in at the passenger. His facial expression dropped and his eyes nearly popped from his head.

"I'm going to need to see both of your IDs." He said with a stern voice.

Katie and Anna both hurried to get dressed before he came back.

"Katie, he's taking along time to come back, what do you think he's doing?" Anna anxiously checked the mirrors just as he gots out of his cruiser.

"Its fine, don't worry so much. I bet they see this kind of stuff all the time!" Katie tries to reassure her.

"Here's your license Ms. Parker." He handed Anna her ID. 

"And here's yours, Sister Mary-Kathryn." He leaned in and shook his head.