 The Beginning

Taylor's first goal had been to get as far away from Sandalwood and Piper's ex-boyfriend Scott as possible. She had to get Piper to stop feeling sorry for herself. With all that Piper had put up with for her over the years, she owed her that much. It seemed to be working. It had been over an hour since Piper had mentioned the breakup not counting the hour she had just spent sleeping. Now she turned to Taylor with a wistful look. 

"You think if Samantha had never moved to Sandalwood, he would still love me?" 

"It wasn't Samantha, Pie. It was Scott. He was just a jerk. If he really loved you he wouldn't have cheated on you no matter how pretty she was. Besides, you're prettier than Samantha could ever be."

"You think so?" Taylor glanced at her friend, taking in her soft brown hair and full pouting lips. "Of course. If I was a guy, I'd fuck you." 

"You're so weird." Piper said, but she was smiling, "Where are we?"

"I don't know. Texas, I think."

"You think?" 

"Yeah, heading north, northeast, something like that. Why, you wanna stop somewhere?" 

"Yeah. I mean this whole road trip thing is cool and all but if we don't stop and stretch or something, I'm gonna lose my mind." 

"Exiting."

"Terriffic."

They drove for a few minutes in silence. "Hey, there's a hotel!" Piper said. Taylor slammed on her brakes and swerved into the hotel's parking lot. "Are you crazy? You're going to get us killed!" 

"Calm down," Taylor laughed, pulling into a parking space, "We're fine." Piper rolled her eyes. When they got their hotel room, Taylor was the one rolling her eyes. 

"What is this, the fucking honeymoon suite?" 

"The lady said it was all they had." Piper looked around at the cheesy decor. This place even had pink walls. 

"Of course it is. Wonder if the bed vibrates."

"Do they really have beds that do that?" Piper frowned.

"I don't know. But look what they do have." Taylor pointed to a sign on the television. "Six adult channels. Who would need that many options?"

"I don't know." 

Taylor grabbed the remote from the dresser and stretched out on the bed as Piper locked the door and began rummaging through her bags. "Mmmmm. Nice." Taylor moaned dramatically. Piper glanced towards the television. A blond was enthusiastically going down on a guy. "Porn is for guys. Change the channel, would you?" Taylor switched the remote. An Asian girl and a pretty redhead were kissing for the camera. "Better?" She gave Piper a playful grin. Piper rolled her eyes and pulled her toothbrush out of one of the bags. Taylor rested her chin on her arms. "Ever wonder what it would be like to do that?"

"Be in a porno?" Piper asked behind her toothbrush.

"No, kiss a girl."

"No." She spit in the sink, glad to not have to look Taylor in they eye. Honestly, she had thought about it. Sometimes, she had even thought about it after kissing Scott. He was always so distant. Maybe it would be different with a girl. Or maybe it wouldn't.

"Never?"

"No. Well, not really. Have you?"

"Yeah. I think it would be different." 

"I guess so."

Taylor's eyes followed Piper as she approached the bed. They were so different. Like night and day. Piper was definitely day. With her long brown hair, slightly bronzed skin, and sunny attitude she reminded Taylor a lot of a suntan lotion commercial. Taylor studied Pipers legs beneath her shorts as she eased herself onto the bed beside her. She had always envied Piper's legs. Taylor was short, but she had personality to make up for it. Her straight black hair and piercing blue eyes fit perfectly with her take charge punk attitude. "Want to try it?" 

"What, now?" 

"Yes, now."

"With you?" Taylor raised an eyebrow. 

"You're really hurting my feelings."

"I don't mean it like that. You're pretty. Okay, you're the prettiest girl I know, but you're my best friend." She stretched out next to Taylor, staring up at the ceiling fan as it spun lazily. 

"Jimmy Banks was your best friend." 

"So?"

"So he was your first kiss."

"But you're a girl."

"You're first girl kiss kinda has to be with a girl."

"Who says I have to kiss a girl?"

"You want to." Piper didn't have to look at Taylor to know that she was grinning. 

"You just think you know everything, don't you Taylor?"

"Yes, so just kiss me and I'll shut up about it." 

"I don't know."

"One kiss."

Taylor turned the volume off the TV and rolled over, holding herself above Piper, their breasts nearly touching. "Just one?" She pleaded. Piper raised an eyebrow, wondering still if her friend was serious. She was, she decided. She wouldn't press something this much if she wasn't serious.

"Just one," Piper finally consented. For a moment, Taylor looked unsure, or perhaps only startled that Piper had given in. She made up for it quickly and pressed her lips to Piper's then pulled back. She started to move away but Piper stopped her with a hand on her cheek. Piper didn't say anything, only held her with her fingertips and her soft brown eyes. Without thinking, Taylor kissed her again. Piper kissed her back, hesitantly at first but slowly her kisses became more demanding. Taylor wrapped her arms around Piper and pressed her body against hers, loving the feel of Pipers soft breasts beneath the silkiness of her shirt, her nipples just beginning to get hard. She pressed her tongue hesitantly into Piper's mouth then out again. Still holding onto her, she left a trail of kisses down Piper's throat.

"That was nice." Piper giggled feeling giddy from the sudden change of mood. One moment they were best friends and the next...well she wasn't really sure what this was. Taylor kissed her throat again, flicking her tongue against Piper's earlobe then sucking on it softly. It sent chills down the whole left side of her body. Noticing Piper make a small sound, Taylor let her teeth brush against Piper's earlobe and sucked harder. Piper moaned. 

Taylor tugged at Piper's shirt. "Take this off." She mummered. Piper only hesitated a minute. Taylor kissed softly around pipers bra, then reached underneath her and unclasped it. Piper's nipples became stiff points at the cold air. Taylor licked them, giggling. "I wanna make you moan."

Piper giggled, "You already did." She kissed Taylor and then stopped. "This is weird."

Taylor pulled away from her a little, tucking a strand of black hair behind her ear. "You wanna stop?" The self conscious movement surprised Piper. This was Taylor Dean, her best friend for forever since forever, pretty perky confident Taylor. And here she looked unsure, nervous even. 

"No." Piper giggled and made a soft sound almost like a growl. 

"You are so cute, it's like a little girl growl." Taylor laughed, enjoying Piper's sudden frustration. She unbuttoned Piper's shorts and slid her hand beneath the denim to touch her over her silky panties. Piper gasped, and slipped her hand under Taylor's shirt. Taylor placed a kiss on Piper's belly. She tugged gently at Piper's shorts. Piper lifted her hips to allow her them to be pulled off.  She wasn't sure where this was going but she had a few ideas and none of them seemed near as awkward now as they would have an hour, half an hour ago. 

Taylor kissed beneath Piper's breasts, running her fingertips softly against her sides. It felt strange to see Piper responding so well to her touch. She had never touched another woman before, had never really thought of it. Of course she looked at other women and admired their curves, the shape of their breasts, but she had thought that everyone noticed things like that. It didn't mean anything. Now she realized that there were things about her sexuality that she had never thought of before. She was loving the way it felt to touch Piper like a man would have touched her. To run her fingers over the softness of her belly, the curve of her waist. To explore with her mouth the curves she had so often admired. She circled Piper's nipples with her tongue while sliding her hand beneath Piper's panties. Piper was wet. It was almost hard to believe. 

Taylor had the opinion that it didn't take much to get most men hard. You just had to be young, decent looking, and willing. Girls were more difficult. And Piper, Piper was something else entirely. Piper was beautiful, smart, sexy. God was she sexy. How had she never noticed this? She slid her finger between the lips of Piper's pussy, rubbing her fingertip gently against her clit. Piper arched her back slightly. It was all the invitation Taylor needed. She pulled Piper's panties off and kissed her way up the insides of Piper's thighs. Piper moaned and Taylor giggled playfully. She licked the outer lips between her legs. Piper had shaved, leaving the skin nothing but velvety softness. Taylor slid her tongue between the soft outer lips to taste the wetness between them. She looked up at Piper's flushed face and licked her lips. She had surprised even herself with her courage. She wondered if Piper could see this, see the emotion in her eyes. The need. Oh, god, it really was need. She needed to taste Piper, to see her move her hips in ecstasy, to make her moan and cry out, to be the cause of all of this. Piper reached for her and caught a lock of Taylor's soft black hair gently. She smiled. Taylor raised her mouth to receive Piper's kiss and began slowly rubbing Piper's clit in a circular motion. Piper moaned beneath her kiss. Taylor began rubbing faster feeling her heart race as Piper moved under her. She slipped a finger inside Piper and began sliding it in and out, faster and faster. "More," Piper moaned. Taylor used a second finger. Piper stiffened for a moment, then pulled Taylor to her for a kiss. Taylor kissed her and pulled back, intent on the movement of her hands. Piper kissed Taylor's throat exploring her body beneath her clothes. 

Without an explanation, Taylor pulled away. "Hold on." She got up and went to her bag. Glancing back to see Piper on the bed, naked, wet and waiting for her. "God, you are beautiful." She laughed, almost embarrassed. "You know," Piper said, stretching out on the bed surprised at how comfortable she was being naked with her friend and how she loved seeing Taylor admiring her, "It's really not fair that I'm naked and you haven't taken anything off." 

"You have a point." Taylor moved her hips seductively as she unbuttoned her short sleeved black shirt. She wiggled out of her skirt as if she were dancing to music in her head. Piper giggled but she was enjoying the show. She played with a lock of wavy brown hair as she watched Taylor's sexy little striptease. She had always thought that Taylor was beautiful. She just never noticed that she was attracted to her. It was strange that she could know someone for so long without ever seeing how incredibly sexy she was. 

Taylor turned to get something from her bag. "What are you doing?" Taylor pressed her finger to her lips while digging through her bag. Piper rolled over and let her eyes travel back to the muted television. The women were still going at it, stroking licking and sucking. Piper stretched out on the cool comforter. There really was something sensual about this one. She felt Taylor run a hand down her back and noticed that she was kneeling naked on the bed next to her. She rolled over and looked up at her. Taylor straddled her and kissed her hard on the lips. She felt something being pressed between her legs. She opened her legs, welcoming the object though it was slightly cold. 

"What is this?" She asked? Taylor only giggled. There was a click and the thing between Piper's legs began to vibrate. "Like that?" Taylor asked her pressing it against her clit and sliding it against it.

"Mmmm hmmm," Piper moaned. Taylor clicked it again and the vibrations came faster. A delicious heat spread from Piper's clit to her toes. Mmmmm. She moaned. Taylor moved the vibrator higher and sucked Piper's nipples to solid points again. Another click. It was almost too much, almost too good. She gasped. Shivers ran down Piper's back and the world exploded in a moment of sheer ecstasy. Taylor kissed her, keeping the vibrator against her clit as she came on it.  Taylor kissed her again, suddenly her lover as well as her friend. Piper pulled her down next to her and moved over her. It was time to return the favor and she was going to love every minute of it.