 As with every story, I couldn't do it with out the inspiration of my Pet. Thanks for taking me out to lunch. To the readers, thank you for reading and please, leave comments or feedback. I'm only as good as my last story! 

*

The two day conference had been a whirlwind of networking, schmoozing and quickies between lectures. After hours weren't much better. We both had to dress to the 9's for dinner Saturday night, but it was all about rubbing elbows and fake smiles. By the time we made it back to the room, we were both exhausted, and passed out. The last seminar didn't end until 5pm on Sunday, so we decided to stay the extra night and drive home Monday morning. Sunday brought brunch, more lectures and a quiet night in our room. Movies and popcorn, my favorite, unfortunately the weekend had taken its toll on us again and we were both sound asleep before the movie ended. 

We had the room until check-out at 11 so we took full advantage of it and slept in. I loved lying next to him. His bare skin was warm against mine. His arms were wrapped tightly around me. I sighed and snuggled in closer. He hugged me tighter. I lifted my head and looked at the clock.

"Babe, we have to get up, it's 10:00. Check out is 11." I kissed his cheek and threw the blankets off.

"No, I don't wanna go to school today." He mumbled and pulled the covers back over his head as I rolled out of bed and walked into the bathroom. 

The water felt almost too hot as it cascaded down my body, but relaxing at the same time. I washed my hair and let the water run against my back while I grabbed the soap and lathered up the face cloth. The soft cloth felt nice against my skin and the hotel soap had a very pretty lilac scent. I turned off the water and pulled back the curtain to see him walking in to take his turn in the shower.

"What time is it?" I asked rubbing my hair with the towel.

"10:30" he answered and stepped in to the tub.

"Hurry up; we have to be out of the room by 11." I told him as the water turned on.

I walked back into the room and pulled out a knee length sundress. It was black with buttons all the way up the front. 

"Yes or No?!" I asked loudly so he could hear me over the running water.

"Yes or No, what?" He yelled back.

"Just answer!"

"No!"

I chuckled to myself and pulled the dress over my naked body not bothering to put on panties. We only had a few hours left together and I decided to make the most of them. By the time I had combed my hair and finished getting ready he was out of the shower and finishing in the bathroom as well. After glancing around the room one more time, we picked up our bags and started our trip back home. 

He was driving and his hand was on my leg, softly stroking my exposed skin. I let my head fall back onto the headrest as I closed my eyes, getting lost in his touch. 

"Where should we stop for lunch?" He asked, snapping me from my haze.

"First place you see." I answered softly, realizing we had skipped breakfast and that I was very hungry.

We drove for a few more miles and he pulled into the parking lot of one of those gimmicky chain places, the kind where the wait staff wears the least amount of clothing. You know the kind. 

We walked in, and being a Monday afternoon the place was pretty empty. With the exception of the wait staff in their tiny skirts and skimpy tops, I was the only other woman in the place. The cute little, overly made-up hostess smiled, took us to a table and told us that Amber would be our server. 

"Hmmmmm... Amber, why does that name sound so familiar?" He said after she walked away. He looked at me and smiled that wicked grin of his.

She walked over to our table and I felt my pussy get wet. She was gorgeous! Her jet black hair falling in soft waves past her shoulders on to her chocolate colored skin as she bent forward to introduce herself to us. 

"Hello, Amber!" I smiled and said before she had a chance to give her name.

"Hi! How did you know my name?" She giggled.

"The greeter told us that our server's name was Amber." She was wearing a teeny, tiny, plaid skirt that just barely covered her gorgeous ass. Her midriff was exposed; her white button top was unbuttoned and tied just under her pert, C cup breasts. I tried to look into her eyes as I spoke, but her pink leopard print bra was peeking out at me.

"I love the cute pink bra." I commented when I noticed it.

"Can you see it?" Her hand went to her chest to cover it.

"Only because I'm looking at it, and your tatt. How many do you have?" I asked my eyes never leaving the horizontal line of three very dainty hearts tattooed on her left breast almost in her cleavage.

"More than a couple." She smiled warmly. I knew she could feel my eyes slowly undressing her.

She took our drink order and winked at me before she walked away.

"And just what do you have in mind, you little minx?" He asked kissing my hand.

"I'm not sure yet but, I do like chocolate." I replied coyly.

She came back and I noticed she stayed on my side of the table. She asked if I could still see her bra and then sat down and we talked some more.

"I have to tell you, you are gorgeous, if you don't mind my saying." I said as she sat down. I placed my hand on her knee under the table and I felt her knee fall toward me.

"No, I don't mind at all! Thank you. I'm hoping to make it to the auditions for the 2013 calendar next month. Do you think I have a shot?" She asked as my fingers lightly stroked her inner thigh. Not knowing what I was up to, his hand began wandering up and down my thigh.

"Hell, Yes!" He and I both said at the same time. He noticed that I wasn't wearing any panties and took advantage of the fact. I felt his fingers brush against my swollen pussy lips.

"Amber, where is the ladies room?" I asked not wanting to lose momentum with her.

"I was just about to head there myself, follow me." She stood up and started walking away from the table, glancing back over her shoulder to make sure I was following. She smiled at me before she walked in. I was close behind her and made sure the door closed behind me. She pounced. Her hands pressed flat on the door resting on either side of my head. Her right hand locked the door as she kissed me. Her tongue pressed its way into my mouth, not that there was any resistance. 

"Got any more tattoos? Or should I just look for them myself?" I asked after she broke the kiss.

She giggled, brushed her hair back behind her shoulders, and pulled her shirt away from her right collar bone showing me a beautiful butterfly. I leaned in and kissed it, my pussy getting wet hearing her sigh as my lips touched her skin. She looked down at the hearts on her left breast. I had been aching to get a better look at that one since the first moment I saw her. I buried my face between her breasts and nibbled each one, untying her top at the same time.

"Don't you want to see the others?" She asked breathlessly as I pulled her gorgeous breasts out of her bra.

"Eventually." My hands found their way up her thighs to her panties while my lips and tongue assaulted her dark, sensitive nipples. Her pussy was drenched and I could feel the heat through her panties. I had hoped she wasn't wearing any but quickly realized with the short skirt, it was a necessity. I hated to leave her breasts but I needed to taste her, so I dropped to my knees and pulled her panties to the side. She smelled amazing! My tongue licked her plump, bare lips and she shuddered. I couldn't take it anymore. I licked and sucked on her engorged clit like there was no tomorrow. Her moans were so erotic. I could tell she was holding back, trying not to be heard. I could feel my own juices dripping down my thighs. She was so wet. I kept at her clit and I decided to slide a finger into her pussy, she inhaled sharply. Then two, her pussy seemed to suck it in of its own accord. Three, I could feel the walls of her pussy gripping and releasing and I knew she was close. I decided to go for broke and slipped my pinky into her tight little rosebud. I could tell she was a little shocked at first but she didn't say stop so I finger fucked her sweet pussy and ass until she came, hard.

She stood there on shaky legs, panting and told me it was my turn. She took my hand, pulled me up, and kissed me hard, licking herself from my lips. She didn't waste any time. I figured she had to get back to work. Her head disappeared under my dress. I was very happy he had chosen "no" earlier and that I wasn't wearing panties. She got right to business. Her tongue flicked across my swollen clit and she slid four fingers right into my very wet pussy. I barely had time to enjoy her amazing tongue before I felt the very familiar warmth start to spread from my core. My body tensed and I grabbed her head, holding her exactly where I needed her tongue to be. Two flicks of her tongue and I came, but she didn't stop. Her fingers moved in and out of my pussy hard and fast making a slapping sound. 

"One more," she cooed, "I want one more from you." Her fingers slipping in and out of my pussy even faster. She brought her thumb to my clit and brushed against it. That was all my body could take and I came again. She pulled her fingers from my pussy and licked it clean then offered her fingers for me to lick clean. I sucked my cum from her fingers and kissed her softly. She fixed her bra, tied her shirt, straightened her panties, smoothed her skirt, washed her hands, and smiled at me as she walked out of the bathroom. I washed my hands and went back to the table.

"What took you so long?" He asked with a huge grin on his face.

"You know, girl things." I said as I leaned in and kissed him, knowing he could taste her on my lips. I sat back down and smiled as Amber came back to the table to take our order.