 The sound of country rock fills the car as I drive home from the wedding of a friend. Up ahead I see a figure on the side of the road, thumb out in the classic hitch-hiking pose. I begin to slow the car in case they look interesting enough to give a ride to. 

As I get closer I see you standing there and my foot pushes down on the brake to bring the car to a halt just past where you are standing beside your pack. I smile to myself as you come up to the door that I have pushed open. 

The length of your legs under your shorts appears at the door then you bend down to talk to me. I see the tip of your tongue flick across your lips and follow the line of your gaze to find that my sarong has parted revealing the full length of my thighs and a glimpse of my silk G-string stretched tautly over my pussy. 

I smile back at you and breezily say "Climb in". Your pack is soon in the back and you are settled in the seat beside me. I watch you out of the corner of my eye as we start off. Your eyes keep dropping to the opening of my sarong and I wonder what will happen as my gaydar starts to hum.

We chat as I drive and the car gets hotter in the afternoon sun. It seems we are both in no hurry to get anywhere specific at a given time. I suggest a cooling swim at a place I know up ahead. I turn the car off the road onto a track and soon pull off under some trees next to a stream. The stream drops over a small waterfall into a deep pool, the fast flowing stream and the waterfall combine to give the sound of surf on the beach at a distance. 

You stop to look a round in wonder at the beauty of the place while I strip off my tank top and sarong to run and dive into the pool. I surface and rolling onto my back I watch you begin to undress. Your T shirt drops to the ground followed by your shorts. In bra and panties you walk slowly into the coolness of the pool. I smile as I see your nipples harden as the cool water moves up your body. 

We swim for a while then I swim to the side and get out and sit in the sun. I look down and see that the wet silk of my G-string now clings to the lips of my pussy and transparently hides nothing so I slip it off and hang it to dry on a bush. 

Shyly you come out and sit beside me as I stretch back in the sun. I feel the burning heat of your gaze adding to the warmth of the sun and dreamily close my eyes. 

We decide to spend the night here and spend the afternoon swimming and sunning after I have set up the camper attached to the back of my car. 

Your bra has now come off the hang alongside my knickers but you still stubbornly stay in your panties concealing the beauty of your pussy from my lustful eyes. 

Soon the sun dips below the hills and the evening chill creeps in , we move into the camper and cook a meal from the supplies I carry. The sweet aroma of basmati rice mingles with the pungency of chicken marsala. The evening passes easily as we talk and eat. Then it is time for bed. 

I watch your profile in the soft light as you bend over your pack pulling out your sleeping bag and spreading it on the spare bed. I slip naked into the double bed and smile as I watch you slip a nightdress over your head before climbing into your sleeping bag and performing the knicker removing shuffle. I am just about asleep when your voice comes softly to me "I'm cold Jane". I tell you to come down and slip in beside me. I throw back my duvet so you can slip in beside me and we settle down, snug and warm in the night chill.

I wake in the morning from a sweet dream to the scent of your stream washed hair in my nostrils as we have spooned together in the night. Your night dress has ridden up around your hips to leave the soft satin of your skin pressed against mine. My hand is settled on your belly and my thighs are pressed gently to yours. I feel you stir and wake up. 

You turn to me and it seems so right that our lips brush in a good morning kiss. My hand slips up to caress your breast as we kiss so softly and easily. I feel you trembling softly in my arms as your hand moves to the back of my head to hold my close to you. I feel the mixture of emotions that are running rampant in you, you want this to happen and yet.... you are unsure. I begin to gentle you with soft wordless sounds breathed into your ear as my hand moves gently over you belly and slips down to caress your thighs. 

I feel you begin to relax under my touch and my hand eases up your thighs till my palm is cupped over the pad of your furred mons and my fingers just rest on your pussy lips. My lips move back to yours and I kiss you stronger this time my lips pressing onto yours. I run my tongue along your lips and I feel them part to my tongue. I continue to run my tongue along your lips till I feel yours dart out to greet mine. 

Then as I slide my tongue into your mouth in a deep thrust I slip my finger deep into your pussy at the same instant. The combined double entry brings a gasp from you and I feel the flood of your juices on my finger as your pussy lips open around my finger. I hold perfectly still waiting till you adjust and react to the feel of my finger in your pussy. My tongue slows its dance with yours as I draw your tongue into my mouth so I can suck on it gently. 

Then I feel the slow push of your pussy against my palm cupped gently over it. You begin to rock your pussy onto my hand and I feel the flood of your juices begin. Then my tongue resumes its intimate dance with yours as I feel the tension drain from your body to be replaced by a driving and consuming passion. I slip my finger out so that I can circle your clit with the wetness it brings from you and I break our kiss to hear your passion in your sighs. Your hands come to life drifting over my body and your darting caresses enflame me. 

I kiss down your neck as your hips perform a slow dance in time with my circling fingertip. You wriggle out of the confines of your night dress to pull me down over you, our breasts meeting nipple to nipple and the soft mounds melt together. I throw the duvet back so I can see the full naked beauty of your body revealed in the morning light. My eyes now see the thin cover of hair over your pussy that my fingers had already encountered, but now I can see the glistening sheen of your pussy showing through enhanced by the frame of springy hair. 

You moan in protest as my fingertip leaves your clit, I watch your eyes as I slowly lick your taste from my finger sucking it deep into my mouth. I see your pupils dilate as you watch my finger in my mouth and my smile which follows the taste of you. I slither down your body under me and look up at you as my mouth hangs suspended over your pussy. I feel a small tension in you as my tongue darts out to flick over your gushing pussy. 

I see the apprehension dance in your eyes till my tongue flicks over your clit and once more passion replaces tension in your body. I capture your clit with my lips as I slip my finger into your pussy twisting and rotating it as I push it deeper. I feel the urgent demanding push of your hips lifting your pussy to my lips as your hands close around my head, pulling me into your depths. 

The pace of your rocking hips speeds up, I feel a new tension building in you as you get closer to your climax. I take you to the very edge and then back off releasing your clit and letting your pre-come tension ease. You moan in frustration now and I dart my tongue out to let you experience the joy that is still to come. 

My lips close over your full pussy length and I suck on your lips driving my tongue into you. Then once more I feel the tension taut and spring like in your body arching off the bed, I begin to lick the soft curves of your thighs as you cry out " No" at my stopping the crashing of your climax. 

My finger slips into your pussy as I watch the mix of emotions roil across your face. My lips enclose your clit and I suck strongly on the pearly nub. I flick my tongue rapidly across your clit, fast fluttering strokes the drive you up the passion spiral, higher and higher I take you. This time I do not stop but continue to feed your passion hungry body, soaking it in sensation, as my face and lips are marinated in your juices. 

Your body arches off the bed with the tension in you as you scream out wordlessly as the wave of climax crashes over you. I slow the fluttering of my tongue to keep you surfing the crashing wave, holding you in the power of the full sweep of the moment...............