 Stacey enjoyed girl-girl sex. She liked everything about it especially when she buried her face into a sloppy wet, fat pussy. She had been married for several years but had divorced when her husband wanted children and she was unsure. Her husband and no other man before or after had been able to bring her to orgasm through intercourse. They just didn't last long enough. For her, it was an exercise in futility. After a while she developed a feeling that she was just being used. She accepted that that was just the way it was. That was OK. She had found girl-girl sex most satisfying. It satiated her sexual needs.

Stacey had discovered girl-girl sex when she thru-hiked the Appalachian Trail. She had formed a sisterhood with three other hikers while hiking the 2160 miles over six months. They would often share a bedroom in a hotel along the way. They had gotten together several times since completing the Trail. It was something very special for her and for them.

While hiking the Trail, Stacey had maintained a blog. It had been well received and followed by other hikers as well as non-hikers. Stacey had majored in creative writing in college. Writing gave her considerable satisfaction. After she had completed the Trail she had been contacted by a publisher and offered a contract to write a book about her Trail adventures. The book was well received. She had found her niche. She was going to be a writer.

Writing enabled her to live wherever she wanted. She chose to live rurally close to mountains, forests, streams and lakes. If she wasn't writing she was out hiking, for the day, overnight or longer. She enjoyed the ambiance of camping. She also found a penchant for road tripping. She would either car or tent camp. She liked camping in her minivan. She did not cover the windows. Sometimes during the night, she'd awake and lay on the cot looking out the windows up at the stars. She lived in the northeast corner of Pennsylvania. Within an hour she could be on I-80, 81, 84 and 87 and the northeast extension of the PA Turnpike.

Her needs for girl-girl sex, though, were hard to satisfy living so rurally. To do so required her to drive somewhere. She would often take multi-day road trips. 

When she travelled she always sought out the local LGBT Meet Up group to find the clubs and restaurants in which she would most likely find like minded women. She was always looking for her next girl-girl experience. Stacey was a free spirit. She was her own person. She knew what was important to her. She had realistic expectations. She had developed significant self-confidence in thru-hiking the Trail.

One of her trips took her to Annapolis, MD. She was looking forward to exploring the U.S. Naval Academy which was located in town and wandering about the waterfront that fronts the town on the Chesapeake Bay.

Stacey had contacted the LGBT Meet Up group there and in response to her inquiries had begun a correspondence with a lesbian couple. They offered to help her find her way through the lesbian community in Annapolis. There was an LGBT picnic schedule for the day she was to arrive. They invited her to join them. 

She found the couple, Ronnie and Gracie, pleasant enough. They were in their 40s. They had been a couple for about 10 years. As they introduced Stacey to others at the picnic it was obvious to Stacey that they were well liked within the community. They were easy to be around. 

Stacey enjoyed herself at the picnic. She met several women with whom she would like to get to know better. Ronnie and Gracie together with Stacey were invited to attend a small gathering of friends that night.

When they arrived the first thing that Stacey noticed was the oversized hot tub. There were women already in it. Stacey liked the idea of showing her body and seeing that of others. She noted to herself that all the women were older than she.

After introductions, Stacey quickly stripped and climbed into the hot tub. She liked what she saw. From the looks and quick inclusion into the conversation by others, she knew that they liked what they saw too. Women came and went from the hot tub. When they left they stayed uncovered. For Stacey it felt very natural. She accepted that things would flow naturally. She'd let it happen.

When Ronnie and Gracie climbed into the hot tub, Stacey smiled. She had difficulty not to stare. Their nipples were the longest and thickest that she had ever seen. She immediately imagined lying in one of their laps, her shoulders propped up with a pillow so that she could easily mouth a nipple.

When they sat down they both spread their legs a bit and passed their fingers through their pussies. Stacey could see how fat their labia were. She imagined having her face buried in their pussies wet with its juices.

One of the woman said to Ronnie and Gracie, "It looks like you've captivated another."

Stacey blushed. Gracie scooted over to sit next to Stacey while Ronnie rose and moved to sit on Stacey's other side. 

Gracie put her hand behind Stacey's head and, guiding it down to her nipple, "play with it" she said softly.

Stacy didn't resist. As her tongue and mouth toyed with Gracie's nipple, she felt Ronnie's hand push her knees apart and slip her hand down to fondle her pussy. She didn't resist again. Gracie, Ronnie and the other women in the tub continued their conversation as if this was all a common happening.

At some time, Ronnie guided Stacey's mouth to her nipple and Gracie's hand replaced Ronnie's. 

Stacey lost count how many times her mouth was guided to the other's nipple. At some point her mouth was pulled off the nipple and Stacey heard Gracie say to the group "It's time to leave."

Stacey looked up at Ronnie and then to Gracie and then to the other women in the tub. She had a sheepish look on her face. It wasn't that she was embarrassed. She was just in awe of the experience. One of the women invited Stacey to join her. 

Before Stacey could answer Ronnie, said "Thanks but she'll be coming home with us. "

Stacey looked at Ronnie and smiled.

On the drive back to Gracie and Ronnie's home, Stacey just babbled about the awesomeness of the hot tub experience. When Stacey innocently mentioned how she was taken when she first saw their nipples and pussies and the urges she felt to play with their nipples and bury her face into their pussies, Ronnie took her eyes off the road and looked at Gracie who was looking at her. Both women smiled at one another.

When they arrived home, Gracie suggested "Let's make it a girl's night at home, some TV, some whatevers."

The "whatevers" brought a smile to all of their faces. 

Stacey was the last to shower. She found a short silk robe waiting for her on the bed. It was long enough to cover her bottom. She did not put on underwear and headed out to find Ronnie and Gracie. She found them sitting on their bed in their bedroom watching TV. They both were wearing similar robes.

When she went to sit down, Gracie scooted over so that Stacey could sit between them. They were sitting on opposites sides from her from when they were sitting in the hot tub.

Ronnie smiling commented "When I was showering my other nipple complained that she didn't get any attention from you when we were in the hot tub. Would you like to remedy that?"

Stacey smiling broadly nodded her head up and down.

Ronnie slipped off her robe as Stacey moved to lie on Ronnie's lap propped up with a pillow with comfortable access to the wanting nipple. As Stacey was settling in she felt Gracie untie her robe and position her bottom so that Gracie had ready access to her pussy. Stacey opened out her outside knee to make it easier for Gracie. Stacey wanted this!

As Stacey played with Ronnie's nipple with her mouth, Ronnie began to caress her breasts and tease her nipples. Gracie had started fondling her pussy and caressing her abdomen. Stacey realized that their objective was to heighten and maintain her state of arousal. She easily fell into a fog of sex as her body responded to their touches and she lost herself in playing with such a wonderful nipple. At some time, they had her switch around and they all continued as before, just different hands and a different nipple.

Stacey became aware that the TV was off. She felt Gracie remove her mouth from her nipple and turn her face to look up at her,

Gracie softly asked, "I would like you to lick my pussy. Would you like to do that?"

Stacey nodded her head up and down and began to move so that she could bury her face into Gracie's pussy. She anticipated a hot and wet pussy. 

Gracie positioned herself holding her legs up and back so that Stacey had easy access to her pussy. Stacey was on her knees on the bed. She could easily rock back and forth to lathe Gracie's pussy with her tongue. Her butt was high. As she settled in Ronnie squirmed over and begin playing with her pussy from behind. Stacey liked it. When Ronnie inserted her thumb so that the flat of her thumb caressed her G-spot she liked it even more.

Stacey did everything she knew how to do. She brought Gracie to an orgasm and kept her in an orgasmic state for a few more. 

When Stacey began to back off, Gracie grabbed both sides of her head and said "More please".

Stacey lowered herself back and continued. She sensed that Ronnie had gotten up and heard her rummage through the nightstand and then go into the bathroom. Several minutes later she heard her return to the bed and out of the corner of her eye watched as she approached. There was something bobbing in front of her. She did not see any straps. Then Stacey realized. Ronnie had inserted a feeldoe. Ronnie was going to fuck her! Stacey had never been fucked with anything but a cock. She forced her face harder into Gracie's pussy and moved it around to wash it in Gracie's wetness. She maintained awareness, though, of what Ronnie was doing. Stacey was excited. She was anticipating.

Stacey felt Ronnie climb onto the bed behind her. Ronnie slowly dragged the head of the feeldoe up and down Stacy's labia. She did this several times. She began stopping at the entrance to her vagina pushing in every so slightly before pulling away to continue her caressing. Each time she stopped, she's pushed in a little deeper. Stacey was anticipating the penetration and was relaxing the muscles in her vagina to enable easier penetration.

Then it happened. In one fell swoop, Ronnie's feeldoe penetrated her fully. Ronnie stopped her motion. She kept herself quiet to give Stacey time to adjust to the intrusion. 

Stacey let her know she was ready for more when she began slightly bobbing on the feeldoe.

"Do you like it baby?" Ronnie asked.

Stacey murmured in response with her mouth pressing against Gracie's clit.

"Oh, that feels so good," Gracie said, pulling Stacey's mouth more tightly into her pussy.

They established a pattern. Ronnie began a smooth motion of in and out positioning her hips so that on each inward push the tip of the feeldoe would stroke Stacey's G-spot. Each time she did, Stacey would murmur, vibrating Gracie's clit. Gracie would exclaim in a whisper, "Yes!"

This continued unit Gracie orgasmed followed almost immediately by Stacey. As Stacey began to recover Ronnie removed the feeldoe from her vagina.

They laid there for a while in a three person hug, Stacey in the middle.

Ronnie rolled Stacey onto her back, moved to position her pussy over Stacey's mouth where Stacey proceeded to lick and suck on her pussy. Ronnie's wetness dripped onto her face. She liked it. The thought of it excited her. She continued to lick and suck until Ronnie was satisfied.

Meanwhile Gracie had reached out, found the feeldoe and lying on her back inserted the feeldoe into her pussy. After Ronnie orgasmed, Gracie dragged Stacey over her body and said:"Ride me."

Stacey got up on her knees, positioning the feeldoe at the entrance to her vagina and slowly dropped her body down taking the feeldoe into her vagina as far it would go. 

First Stacey went down and up cautiously. Then, she began varying her downward motion moving her hips so that the tip of the feeldoe would caress different areas of her vagina including her G-spot. She explored. She experimented. She varied the sequence of movements. Oh, it felt so good. 

Her eyes were closed. Her arms were forward with her hands propped onto Gracie's hips. Doing so, she shifted some of her weight off of her knees permitting her easier movement of her hips. 

Gracie watched her face. Stacey was quick to smile if something felt good. She had a constant smile on her face though. It just got wider and deeper at times. Ronnie has squirmed down to place her face close to Gracie's so she too could watch Stacey's face. 

Ronnie and Gracie were awed by Stacey's enjoyment as she orgasmed and maintained herself in an orgasmic state for several orgasms.

Finally Stacey stopped and releasing her arms fell atop of Gracie, the feeldoe still deep inside of her.

Gracie held her tightly. Stacey mewed and repeatedly kissed her in appreciation.

After a while Gracie realized that Stacey had fallen off to sleep. She rolled Stacey off of her onto her side. Immediately Stacey drew her legs up into a fetal position. Gracie covered her with a comforter.

Ronnie and Gracie got up and went into the kitchen. When they arrived there the first thing they did was come together in a hug and a prolonged loving kiss. The both realized the awesomeness of what they had both just experienced. Each was happy to have shared it with the other. 

Later when Stacey awoke she found Ronnie and Gracie sitting at the table drinking coffee. She kissed them each fondly. "Thank you very much" she said to each.

Ronnie asked how she felt. 

Stacey responded, "A little sore but a good sore". She smiled broadly.

The next morning over breakfast they discussed the previous night's activities. It was obvious that it was a positive experience, a most enjoyable experience, for all of them. Ronnie asked Stacey if she was a lesbian or bi-sexual.

Stacey explained how she came to enjoy girl-girl sex and her utter dissatisfaction with being fucked with a cock. She quickly pointed out that getting fucked by a feeldoe was awesome. It would be something that she would seek out in the future. 

Stacey's departure at the front door was a series of prolonged hugs and kisses. She did not really want to leave. Gracie and Ronnie really did not want her to leave. But, she had too. She had commitments at home the next morning.

As Stacey was driving home she realized that she had not explored the grounds of the Naval Academy nor downtown historic Annapolis. She'd be back soon. And then she thought of Ronnie and Gracie. Her pussy twitched.