 For the past year and a half, I have owned, operated, and performed in a live touring sex show in Central Europe. I and my fellow performers appear at sex clubs and private functions, showing off our nasty talents for co-ed and all-women audiences. Everyone has signed a consent form. What we do is a delicious mix of BDSM and uninhibited lesbian sex.

My agency is located in Prague, and I employ five other women: three Czechs, a Slovak, and a Bulgarian. Magdalena and Petra, both statuesque blondes in their late 20's, are completing their graduate degrees in sociology at the University of Prague, and they responded to my ad in the back pages of Blesk. I recruited Jana, the Slovak, and Eva from their waitressing jobs at my favorite local pub, a few blocks from my three-bedroom apartment near Wenceslas Square. Jana is in her late 30's, while Eva is 25.

As for Simona, my Bulgarian fuckytoy, if you'd really like to know how we met...well, she is an ESL exchange student from a wealthy industrialist family, and I encountered her for the first time late one night at a disco next to the Charles Bridge.

I could feel the bass thudding through the floor, up through my boots, and straight to my cunt as I stood in line for the ladies bathroom. I'd been at the disco for an hour, looking for a younger woman to seduce and fuck. I glanced back over my shoulder, and there she was: cutely curvaceous, long brown hair slipping coyly down over one eye, black fishnet stockings, and a disgracefully short red leather skirt. She caught my gaze and looked down, then shyly looked back up at me with a timid smile. It was then that I knew--I completely understood--and heat surged through my contracting, soaked cunt. I could tell that she, like me, had had a fair bit to drink. I'd been fantasizing about young pussy all day; I needed some; now I was going to take it.

A stall door opened in front of me. I turned to the girl whose name I didn't even know yet. "Why don't we share?" I said with a commanding smile. I took her by the hand and was further aroused by her meek, unhesitating compliance. Feeling very disinhibited, I yanked down my slacks and panties and sat down to piss first, running my hands all over the deliciously soft figure of my new fuck-partner as I did so. I throbbed with anticipation. When it was her turn to go, I exacted a delicious price for her sitting in my presence. I thrust my gloriously unshaven cunt into her young face, spreading my lips so that she could eat me out in the dim-lit stall. She did her job well. I could hear women murmuring in Czech outside the door, but no one knocked or interrupted. Anyone who could see my firm-planted boots under the stall door or hear my loud groans of satisfaction knew exactly what was going on, and that knowledge brought me to a huge, raw climax right on the girl's fucking face.

It was only afterwards, lying in my four-poster bed with her buttocks tucked warmly up against my stomach, that I told her to give me her name and signed Simona up for the agency.

However, Simona was substantially less well-behaved on a recent tour of Germany I undertook with Magdalena and Petra, while Jana and Eva stayed home to handle the office duties. Let me tell you what happened in the last week of June.

We were driving from Stuttgart to Karlsruhe, following a virtually deserted, winding country road through forested country interspersed with yellow fields of canola. Magdalena was at the wheel of my Audi with Petra in the passenger seat, and I reclined across the back seat, reading a novel. Simona was slouched in the opposite corner, a pout on her full 22-year-old lips.

"I just do not understand," she griped to me for about the fifth time that day. "Why won't you put me in the opening act anymore?"

Let me digress. Our show is typically divided into three acts. The first act features me in a severe, dominant role, flogging a girl and forcing her to lick my cunt. I love to play the schoolteacher disciplinarian, raising her skirt for a first-timer. Other times, I simply embrace the role of the Mistress: wearing a maroon corset, masked, cursing out my slave with sweet abandon while I rub my soaked cunt with one gloved hand and wield the whip mercilessly with the other. I like to look out into the audience and see women masturbating, reaching inside one another's blouses and panties while I get boot worship from a completely submissive bitch: "Lick it! Yeah. Run your tongue up the sole of my boot...far better than you deserve," I say with a queenly gaze and a smile.

Act Two is typically my time to relax. Magdalena or Jana, both of whom are trained in Japanese rope bondage, may tie one of the other girls to a chair and proceed to delightfully torment her with a selection of vibrators, nipple clamps, and silk blindfolds. Other times, two of the girls masturbate together or go into the audience to suck the breasts of women onlookers.

And the third act is always the same: a no-holds-barred, improvised all-girl orgy with me at its center, enjoying what I deserve: two women sucking my big, beautiful tits deep into their mouths while the third tastes my juices and makes me scream with her clit worship.

Now, Simona was complaining because I hadn't been satisfied with the enthusiasm of her performance the month before, and therefore had denied her the privilege of appearing in Act One as she had previously. The girls were all earning at least five figures US a month, but appearing in Act One

She continued in this vein for a minute until I couldn't ignore it any longer. It was disgraceful insubordination, and certainly not something I planned to tolerate on a beautiful late June afternoon.

I shot Simona a sharp look and put my book down. "Magdalena, pull the car over," I said.

"But Mistress, we are already running late, and the show in Karlsruhe is for seven o'clock," Magdalena protested.

I took Magdalena by her long blonde ponytail. "Pull the car over. Now."

Magdalena complied promptly, which pleased me. As we stopped on the shoulder, a mix of fine sand and dirt, Petra opened her front-seat door, and stepped out. "You get out too, Simona," I said. "I've had enough of your fucking whining."

"What the fuck are you talking about?" Simona said with high-pitched indignation.

"Don't you ever talk to me like that again!" I told her. I snapped my fingers. "Girls?"

Magdalena and Petra pulled open Simona's passenger door and yanked her outside, screaming and kicking. Everyone but Simona was wearing something simple and natural: Magdalena's white cotton blouse and loose-fitting jeans, Petra's traditional Czech flowered dress, my black slacks and open-necked green top. As I got out of the car, shouldering my handbag, and strutted slowly around to watch the Czech girls holding Simona down on the trunk of the Audi, I contemplated Simona's slutty attire with open contempt: a cleavage-flaunting red top with a short, matching skirt, high heels, and white silk thong panties that became all too apparent when she assumed her current face-down, ass-up position. It increased my desire to give this 23-year-old Bulgarian bitch the erotic punishment she richly deserved for lipping off to me.

"You want to be in Act One, Simona? Good. Let's rehearse." I reached into my handbag. "Look at what I have here: a brand-new leather flogger I picked up yesterday in Stuttgart."

Gripping the flogger in my right hand, I slowly caressed the twelve long tails with my left. "Oh fuck, please, Mistress, I'll behave," Simona wailed. "I didn't mean to be a bad girl."

"I don't want to hear any more of your shit, Simona," I told her calmly. "This isn't about you anymore. This is about the show. This is about me and my pleasure."

As I spoke, Magdalena nodded to Petra, who stepped away, allowing Magdalena to hold Simona in place by herself, her firm breasts pressed against the younger girl's back. Petra reached down and pulled up Simona's skirt, exposing her plump, smooth, pale white ass cheeks for my viewing pleasure, and that of anyone who might pass by.

I put the flogger under my nose and inhaled its rich leather scent. "I'm going to whip Simona's fat ass now, Magdalena," I said with a wink. "What do you think of that?"

Simona moaned. Magdalena nodded: "I think it is an excellent idea, Mistress. I hope you whip her hard."

Petra brought out a handheld video camera and began filming the scene, which always excites me. More fucking fodder for the masturbators who subscribe to my web site, jacking and jilling off to my explicit fuck scenes. I brought the flogger down with a delicious snap on Simona's ass. She screamed with surprise at the dominance of my touch.

"Oh, that's much better, you disobedient little slut," I told her. "I like to hear that. It makes Mistress's cunt wet, you know. And isn't that why we're all here?"

Without waiting for an answer, I smacked the flogger hard across Simona's ass again. "Oh, motherfucker! Oh God, please!" she screamed out. "I just want to do what you tell me."

Petra zoomed in on Simona's ass, tingled, humbled and well-used, covered with the long red welts of excitement that my flogger had left. "Oh yes, you are going to do what I tell you from now on," I said, towering over Simona as I continued to flog her. After another five hard strokes, I yanked down her panties and pushed a forefinger inside her tight pussy. It was soaked, just as I had expected. "Taste this," I ordered Magdalena, who licked my finger without hesitation. "Don't you just love the taste of a disciplined slave?" I kissed Magdalena deeply on the mouth.

I reached into my handbag and pulled out a length of Japanese bondage rope. Magdalena took it and expertly began to tie up Simona's ankles as the Bulgarian girl kneeled in the dirt. I stripped out of my slacks, and Petra came over and helped me get "dressed" for my next amusement.

A minute later, I stood wearing my favorite strap-on, not as notable for its thick girth and eight-inch length as for the vibrating G-spot attachment that I had thrust inside me.

I came up behind Simona and roughly mounted her, thrusting my long, nasty dick into her little cunt. It felt good to use her like this, and she was so wet I could hear it. Every thrust I made went right to my fucking G. I had my tits pressed hard into her back, nipples throbbing as I fucked my girl in the dirt by the road.

Magdalena clapped rhythmically to my thrusts, chanting a mantra I had taught her: "Use her hard, use her good, use this cunt like you know that you should. Use her hard, use her good, use this cunt like you know that you should." Petra was right up behind me filming, showing more of my ass than Simona's face, just like it should be. At one point, she just couldn't resist, and I felt her long golden hair brushing against my ass cheeks, as she leaned in to French kiss my anus. "Mmmmm...I love to worship the goddess," Petra said as she withdrew.

I ripped Simona's blouse open, the sound of fabric tearing so satisfying to me, and reached inside to fondle her young jugs as I fucked her. The sound of her high-pitched screams—"Fuck! Oh my God, I can't take anymore!"--had me creaming. The pressure on my G-spot was overwhelming. The vibrator buzzed right through my clit and made me push out my first loud orgasm.

But it didn't take long for me to recover. Deeply exhibitionistic, I was hoping for more of an audience. And I got it. Two tall brunette women, perhaps in their late 40's, carrying string bags with fresh produce, came out of the canola on a dirt path I hadn't noticed before. They stopped with a gasp, perhaps fifty feet away. Magdalena smiled and waved at them. I felt deeply the need to shock them and make them want what I was having. I turned on the vibrating attachment again and thrust once more into Simona, who let out a deep helpless moan of pleasure.

The women continued to watch, their eyes glued to us, clearly more aroused than dismayed now. Magdalena got down in the door between my thighs and began to lick at my lips and asshole while I fucked Simona hard. The feel of her tongue, combined with the vibrations, and the sure and certain knowledge that I was being watched by two German women as I fucked a young Bulgarian girl in a public place sent me right over the edge. "Oh shit! Oh shit! I'm going to come again!" I screamed out. From behind the strap-on, a sudden gush shocked me. I ejaculated right on Simone's well-beaten slave ass. But she didn't deserve to have my goddess juices. I ground my cunt right down on Magdalena, who had been a good girl, done what was she was told, and earned the privilege of licking up the climax of my nasty public come session.

"Oh yeah, Magdalena, lick the juices out of a real woman's cunt," I told her in an empowered, trembling voice. "Simona is a little fuck-bitch who doesn't get any because she needs to understand that I demand worship 24-fucking-7. Do you understand, girls?"

Magdalena gasped her "Yes!" between loud slurps from my soaked fuck-hole.

"I want to be your slave, Mistress," Simona moaned loudly. "I just want to do what you tell me, in the show and off the stage."

"That's more like it," I responded. "Let's see what you can do in Act One tonight in Karlsruhe."

Petra helped me out of my strap-on harness, and I struggled to my feet. Magdalena unbound Simona's ankles as I waved to the two German women, now walking off up the road, glancing back over their shoulders occasionally. "Ja gut!" one of them called with a smile.

I cuddled with Simona in the back seat all the way to Karlsruhe: kissing, stroking, massaging, breathing together. Needless to say, what the four of us staged that night was one of our most erotic shows ever.