 "Harder, baby! Oh shit! Don't stop!" 

She was panting and writhing under me, nails digging into my back, legs around my waist. Her hair was wild, her eyes closed and her mouth open, gasping for air. She was all that I had wanted in the past few months and I was doing everything I could to make her feel good. Hearing her screams filled me with the happiness of knowing that I had made her scream like that. But, I'm getting ahead of myself, let's talk about how we met.

*

We met simply enough. I was walking out of my two o'clock class, and she was walking out of hers. Our classes were in nearby rooms. I looked at her, and I knew that I had to get to know her. It was just something about her; she was captivating. She looked directly into my eyes as we passed, holding my gaze. She smirked a little and walked out of the door. I stopped to watch her athletic form move down the hall and out of sight. She must run track, I thought to myself because her legs were truly things of beauty. I went to my next class promising myself that I would take the next opportunity to talk to her. 

The next time I had that class, I left class just a little earlier than usual so that I wouldn't miss her. When the students came flooding out of the room, I looked for my new dream girl, and there she was. She was laughing with some friends. Her smile was beautiful, like the rest of her. I would have just looked at her had she not noticed me and looked at me with those magnetic eyes again. 

Her friends seemed to have wandered off and she was alone. That was good for me; I didn't want any blockers. I walked toward her, and I know she saw me approach, but she didn't acknowledge me again until I was right behind her.

"Hi," I said, "How are you today?" 

I thought I'd start simple, feel her out. 

"I'm well, how are you." her voice was smooth and confident, just as I'd expected it to be.

"I'm good," I said, "Listen, I noticed you the other day, and I wanted to get to know you a little better."

She stopped when I said that and turned to look at me with a smile on her face.

"Really? And just why was that?" she said

She knew the answer. I wanted to get to know her because I thought she was gorgeous, because I thought she was so beautiful, because I wished I could heal the blind just so they could see her. Of course I didn't say that, but we both knew it was true. Instead, I tried to be a little coy.

"I dunno. You just seem like a girl that's worth getting to know."

"Hmmm....she said, and I bet you think you're worth knowing as well, right?"

"Well, I like to think so." I smiled

"What's your name?" she said

"Karen. And yours?" 

"Robbin."

"Well, Robbin, would you like to go out with me?" I said, hoping she would say yes. This little banter could be considered flirting afterall.

"Well...I'm not sure. I mean, I did just meet you. For all I know, you could be a serial killer."

"I won't hurt a hair on your head." I said. She smiled, but the smile was like a cat playing with a mouse.

"Still...I'm going to have to pass." she said, "Maybe some other time, when I've gotten to know you better." 

"You won't be able to resist for long." I called after her.

She just smiled over her shoulder as she sashayed away, and I was even more determined to get her to go out with me. I needed to know this girl, hold her, feel her. She was more than intriguing, and I was more than intrigued. I turned and walked to my next class, already late but not really caring.

*

It became a routine. I'd see her on my way out of class and approach her, and we'd flirt playfully. I'd my best to win her over, and she continued to deny me. It was playful, like a joke we shared. I learned a bit about her, and she about me. Turns out she was an athlete. She was on a track scholarship. I told her that I was an Art major, and on academic scholarship. We had a good bit in common, so I couldn't figure out why she wouldn't let me take her out. 

I asked her, "Why won't you go out with me?" 

She was smiling cutely me, and looking at me with those eyes. I knew she liked me, so I couldn't figure out why she was playing so damn hard to get.

"Do you think I'm ugly?" I asked, not thinking that was the problem.

"No, you're adorable." she said, making me smile wider

"Do you think I'm a bad person?"

"No, not as far as I can tell."

"Do think I'm uninteresting?"

"Not at all."

"So, if you think I'm an interesting, nice, and adorable girl, why won't you go out with me? "

"You're right." she said, "Okay, I'll go. When and where?" she said it so matter-of-factly, it caught me a little off guard.

"How's Friday night? Say...seven?" I asked.

"Sounds good to me." she said.

"You will not regret it."

"I'm sure I won't." she said.

The way she toyed with me was unbelievable, but I was a willing play thing. She told me that she lived in Broussard Hall. 

"I'll see you at seven, then." I said

When we parted ways, I wanted to turn flips. For almost two months, she had said no, but now she was agreeing to go out with me. I couldn't wait until Friday. 

*

Friday came, and so did seven o'clock. I was ten types of nervous when I walked into her dorm building. She was waiting in the lobby. 

"You look great," I said, looking her up and down.

"You don't look too bad yourself."

We went to a local jazz club that I knew called Mahogany. They had and open mic poetry thing every Friday night. I went about every other weekend with friends. Something told me that she would enjoy it too. 

We got there, and the music filled our ears, the smell of coffee filled our nostrils, and the mellow ambience filled our senses. I loved Mahogany on a Friday night, and from the way she was reacting, she did too. I was glad she did.

"You come here a lot?" she said.

"Probably every other week or so. I just love open mic night," I said.

"This is great. You'll have to bring me here again," she said. I noticed how she slipped in the possibility of another date.

"I'll have to do that." I smiled back at her. 

We found a seat and a waitress walked up to take out orders. The place served small pastries and drinks. I ordered a coffee and a slice of cake. She got a cappuccino. When our orders arrived, things were just getting underway.

We listened to poetry and jazz until about eleven. She had a twelve o'clock curfew. I brought her back safely, like the good girl that I am. I walked her to her dorm room, and sent up a little prayer that she'd let me have a goodnight kiss.

"I really had fun tonight."

"Me too, I'm glad you liked it." I said, suddenly feeling very self-conscious.

I decided that I should go in for the kiss. She seemed as though she was going to kiss back, but she turned her head just as I was about to meet her lips. I planted a kiss right on her cheek. 

"Oh, I don't kiss on the first date," she said, turning to put her key in the door. 

I just smiled. Even after the small victory of a date, she was still playing hard to get. She was still playing with me. But, I liked the game. You hear that half of the thrill is in the chase, and there was definitely a thrill to chasing her. So, I just bid her goodnight and walked to my car. I felt that the night had been good. 

*

We were back to business as usual by the next week. The next week, I saw her coming out of her class, but this time, when she saw me, I thought I detected a little more of a smile on her lips. Her friend noticed it too, because she followed Robbin's gaze to me and smiled. She then found an excuse to be gone by the time I walked up. 

"How are you on this fine day?" I asked 

"I'm in a particularly good mood." she said

"That's good to hear. I hope that I had something to do with that."

"Maybe." she said

"Oh, I think it's more than maybe."

"And what makes you so sure?" she said

"I dunno, maybe it's the way you smiled when I came up, or the way you're looking at me right now."

She just laughed a bit, but she knew it was true.

"There's going to be a movie showing in the park tonight. Wanna go?" I asked, hoping she'd agree.

"Sure, sounds fun."

"Good. I'll pick you up at seven."

"How come you're the one picking me up? I think I'll pick you up this time."

"Fine by me. I live in Simmons Hall."

"I'll be there."

"I can't wait." 

That night, I put two blankets in a bag. We'd be on the grass watching the movie, so I figured the blankets would come in handy. I also packed a couple sandwiches and some sodas. Just incase we got hungry. Then, I went to the lobby a few minutes before seven.

At promptly seven, Robbin walked in the door. Soon, we were off to the local park. There was a big building on the side of it, and they projected old black and white movies onto it once a month. I loved simple things like that, just pull up a blanket and enjoy the movie.

We got to the park and picked a spot. I spread the blanket down and wrapped us in the other. The night was nice and brisk, perfect for being outside. Some time into the movie, we somehow positioned ourselves so that Robbin was behind me and I was sitting between her legs with her arms wrapped around me and her head on my shoulder. It felt wonderful, and I just enjoyed the feel of her next to me. Then, Robbin surprised me.

"Let's go." she said into my ear.

"Huh? You're not enjoying yourself?" I said, a little confused

"Oh, I am, but I can think of more entertaining ways to spend some time." she said, and I could feel her breath on my neck; her voice much huskier.

"Okay." I said, making short work of gathering our blankets and food. 

Soon, she was heading back to her dorm. I wondered what the policy was on visitation for athletes, but not for long because I really didn't care. As long as she was fine with it, I was too. We were up to her room within minutes.

We got into her room, and immediately started pulling off clothes. She shocked me with her eagerness. For two months, she had played so hard to get. Now, she was pressing me up against the wall with her hand on my ass. But I couldn't complain, and I wouldn't have it any other way.

Soon, she was on her knees in front of me while I braced myself against her desk. I could smell my own arousal, and I know she could too. When she finally licked me, it was even better than I had imagined. She licked and nibbled, lapped and sucked. Then, I came...hard, and she licked up all that I had to offer. 

"Right there...yes, just like that..." I said, holding her head in place, though I doubt she would have gonr anywhere

"I'm gonna cum, Robbin...Robbin," I screamed as I exploded. I'm sure people across campus could here me. 

I jerked her up into a kiss and could taste myself on her lips. I wondered what she tasted like and I was going to find out. I started walking her toward her bed and laid her down gently. I wanted to savor her, take my time. I looked into her eyes; they were so dark they were almost black. 

I kissed her from her feet all the way up her legs, never breaking eye contact. I purposely skipped over her center, that would be a treat for later. I kissed along her stomach and rib cage, loving the smoothness of her skin. I brought my face over her chest, just above her right nipple. I smiled at her just before circling it with my tongue and then taking it into my mouth. 

She had her eyes closed now, and her hand in my hair. Her breathing was coming in short gasps and I could hear little moans when I increased pressure on her nipples. I could very easily become addicted to her breasts. They just felt so wonderful in my mouth, I could suck on them all day. But, I was on a mission, and I would stick to it.

I kissed my way down her body, tasting her skin, smelling the faint scent of her perfume with the wonderful scent of her arousal. Then, I had reached my target. I gently placed a hand on each thigh and spread her legs just bit more. Of course, she complied willingly. 

I began with her outer lips, sucking them into my mouth in turn. I couldn't help the "mmmm" that came from my mouth. She was divine. I felt the little shudders and heard the very load moans. I felt her fingers in my hair and heard her say my name. Just like her breasts, I could easily become fiend for her pussy. My only thought was her pleasure. I wanted her to feel the way she had made me feel, and was making me feel. 

Her grip tightened on my hair, and her hips raised from the bed. I knew she was close.

"I'm about to cum, Karen. Yes. Fu..." she wrapped her legs around my head, and I was going wild.

I lapped as much of her as I could while she came down from her climax. Every now and then, she shudder when I'd lick a sensitive spot. When I was satisfied that I had gotten all that I could get, I climbed up her body and pulled her into my arms. She pressed into me and we just laid still.

But soon, the feel of her body pressed into me, her bottom pushing into my crotch was too much for me to ignore. I kissed her back and licked her shoulder while my hands did there own thing, roaming over her stomach. She turned around and I met her with a kiss. Soon, the intensity was back and she was on top of me, straddling my waist. Then, she sat back and looked into my eyes. 

"I want you to fuck me." She said in that matter-of-fact tone of hers, but there was definite lust in her voice.

"That's what I plan to do," I said, sitting up, trying to kiss her, but she sat back a little further, pressing me back onto the bed.

"I mean... with a strapon." she said, and for the first time I saw uncertainty in her eyes.

"I could do that." I said, "I don't have one though," Truth was, I'd always thought strapons were hot, but didn't have someone to try one with.

"I do." she said, smiling at me as she hopped off of me and out of the bed. I was immediately aware that her body was missing.

She walked over to her dresser and pulled out a black leather harness and a very realistically shaped hot pink dildo, along with a small bottle of lube. 

"Come here." she said, that lusty look coming back to her eyes

I got up and walked over to her. She had me step into it and tightened it on my waist. Then she stepped away from me, looking me up and down. She bit her lip as she took me in, and I felt a little self-conscious with her staring at me like that. 

Then she walked up to me and grabbed hold of it, stroking it up and down, looking into my eyes. I must admit, it was so sexy. She kissed me while she stroked it, the butt of the dildo pressing into my clit with every stroke. She started kissing her way along my neck, past my breast and got onto her knees. She took the dildo into her mouth as if it were real. At that point, I kinda wished it was, because I know it would have felt exquisite. She kneaded my ass cheeks while she did it, and I was beginning to get a little light headed. I pulled away from her, and she looked up at me.

"I believe you had a request." I said as she stood up. She grinned at and I backed her up onto the bed. 

I positioned myself between her legs and kissed her softly. I pushed a finger in, wanting her ready for what was about to happen. I swirled my finger in and out as her muscles clenched around it. I introduced a second, then a third finger, and with each one, she moaned a little louder. I took them out and licked them clean. She really was delicious. 

"You ready, baby?" I asked her

"You know I am," she said, her voice low and husky.

I pushed the head in as slowly as I could muster. When it popped in, I was rewarded with a hiss of delight. Slowly, I pushed the rest in, stopping when I felt her pelvic bone on mine. 

"Mmmm...feels good, baby." she said as I began moving my hips

Soon, we picked up pace, and there was an urgent need for one another. She held on to me, pulling me close, and I kissed her hungrily. We were going at it so hard, I'm sure whoever lived in the dorm next door was pissed at the way her head board was hitting the wall.

She was panting things into my ear, mostly curse words. I loved hearing them, because it meant what I was doing felt good to her. I loved the feel of her nails in my back, her teeth on my shoulder, her legs around my waist. I loved the way she was saying my name, the way she was holding me so tight, the way her body moved beneath mine.

"Harder, baby! Oh shit! Don't stop!" she said into my ear, and I was happy to oblige

"Oh, fuck!...Shit baby, fuck me." she said

"Does that feel good baby?" I asked.

"Yes...shit...oh, it feels so good...oh shit! I'm coming!" she screamed.

I watched her face as her orgasm hit, and it was beautiful. Feeling her shudder and shake beneath me pushed me over the edge as I watched my lover's face, eyes closed tightly, mouth open, skin glistening, her face told me that she was in ecstasy, and I was in ecstasy too.

I watched as she opened her eyes to look at me again.

"You are so beautiful," I said, kissing her eyelids as a lazy smile played across her lips.

"That was amazing." she said, pulling my closer to her.

*

That night, I felt better than I had felt in a long while with her sleeping in my arms, nestled into my chest. I awoke the next morning and questioned for a second just where I was, but the beautiful woman laying on top of me put my mind at ease. I hugged her tighter and kissed the top of her head, then just listened to her breathe before falling asleep again.

She was incredible then, and she's incredible now. We've been together for ten years, and I love her more each day.