 Robyn stood in the shower letting the cool water rain down on her body. Her day was longer than normal being a last minute substitute instructor for a high impact aerobics class. Her normal routine would've been three hours of personal training and a yoga class, but her friend and colleague, Wendy had something that required her immediate attention and Robyn drew the short straw.

"Couldn't wait to get home and suck her boyfriend's cock, probably." she thought then smiled.

The day was over and work was done and her tired frustration subsided quickly. She closed her eyes and tilted her head back to wash her dark hair.

"It's been two weeks." she thought since she met Lisa. Not one day passed without some thought or image of her crossing Robyn's mind. She remembered her dark brown eyes, her long creamy legs, her warm adorable smile and of course that flowing yellow hair.

Robyn's mind seduced her body and she responded. She felt her nipples erecting and a tingle between her legs. She opened her eyes bringing her back to the public shower room. Her hands had made their way between her legs. She glanced around seeing three other ladies showering away from her. They seemed to be minding their own business, but who knows who glanced over at Robyn enjoying her time under the shower more than usual.

Robyn turned the water off and took her towel hanging next to her and wrapped it around her body. She noticed as she walked out, some of the ladies taking a peek at her. Was it because they saw she was pleasuring herself or was it because they admired her body? "Whatever." she thought and smiled as she walked over to her locker.

She opened the door and grabbed her phone checking to see if she received any calls. Everyday Robyn anticipated and everyday she was disappointed. She placed her phone aside and dressed into her jeans and a powder blue baby tee. She pulled her hair back into a ponytail and threw on her dark brown leather jacket. She zipped up her ankle boots, picked up her small handbag and phone and closed the locker door.

Robyn walked out into the front lobby, "See ya tomorrow." she said to the worker manning the admissions desk.

"Where's your umbrella?" he said.

"What the hell?" Robyn said looking at the torrential downpour of rain outside.

"Didn't you see the forecast this morning? It said it was gonna rain this evening."

"All I checked was the sky and it was blue this morning."

"And now it's not." "Shit. You wouldn't happen to have an umbrella I could use, would ya?"

"Sorry, I drove."

"Great. You're a real help."

"If you can wait, I can give you a lift." he said.

"When are you off?"

"In a couple of hours."

Robyn rolled her eyes, "I'd be home and finished with dinner by then."

"Well, I offered."

"I guess I'm walking in the rain."

"We got some trash bags. You can make a poncho out of it." he said, but Robyn ignored him and walked out into the rain.

Robyn strode out into the storm. The rain was dense and the drops were big. The pattering against her leather jacket was loud and often, yet she trudged on with a purpose and a destination. Her pace was quick ignoring the rain, but when the wind blew and shook the tree branches above her, she had to stop from being swept off her feet. The rain or the wind wouldn't have been too much of a problem had the gusts been far and few between each other. The frigid air blew hard for a good five seconds before she resumed walking, but then another gust would follow 10 to15 seconds later forcing Robyn to balance in the wind.

She arrived at an intersection four blocks away from the gym. The remnants of the evening rush hour traffic should have been left on the streets, but the storm did not discriminate and slowed everyone down.

Robyn's frustration began to boil. Her jeans were soaked and her jacket was drenched. A small café with its lights still on was up ahead. She waited for a cold gust to pass before she made her way to the door.

She entered leaving the cold on the other side of the glass door. The warm air quickly began to bring back some color into her face. She saw a petite lady working behind the counter with her back turned. The kitchen was empty and it appeared like she was about to close.

"Excuse me. Are you still open?" she asked.

The woman turned around and saw a drenched girl with her bangs matted to her forehead. She smiled and nodded.

"Yes. For about another half hour." she said with a slight Spanish accent.

"I'm saved," Robyn said walking up toward the counter, "it's too cold and windy to walk right now."

"And very wet. How long were you out there?"

"Only a few minutes," she said sitting at the counter, "I felt like I was going to get blown away like an empty bag in the wind."

"So, what can I get you?" she said with a high cheek boned smile. The lady's eyes were dark along with her lashes and liner giving a nice contrast to the white of her eyes.

"Do you have any hot chocolate?"

"Hot chocolate." she said and turned to prepare a steaming cup.

She bent over displaying her tight bottom in front of Robyn. Robyn's shivering stopped for a moment admiring the view. She grabbed a mug and turned her head around and caught Robyn staring at her ass. There eyes met, and Robyn responded with a cocked eyebrow and a smirk. The woman smiled back and rose with a sturdy mug in her hand. She filled it and topped it with a shot of whipped cream and placed it in front of Robyn's cold hands.

"Enjoy." she said standing across from her.

Robyn lifted the mug and sipped it. Her cheeks felt rosy almost immediately. "That's good." Robyn said.

The woman leaned forward with a smile. Her lips were supple and light red with lipstick.

"We don't get many people after 6 o'clock. Are you working late tonight?"

"No, these are my normal hours. I just finished at the gym."

"Oh, you work out after finishing your day?"

Robyn quickly shook her head, "No, I work at the gym. I'm a trainer."

"Oh. Have you been there long?"

"A couple years or so."

"I haven't seen you around before." she said with a shy smile.

Robyn smiled back, "It's my first time in here. I probably ran past it many times, but because of the rain, I came in."

"I'm glad it rained today."

Robyn smiled at her remark and sipped at her cup. Her eyes never left the woman standing in front of her.

"So," she said leaning in resting her arms in front of Robyn, "Can I get you something else? Some dessert? Something sweet?"

Robyn smiled with a cocked eyebrow. The pretty girl's flirting became less and less subtle. She felt a zing of warmth in her nipples and felt them rising under her wet tee.

"What kind of pie do you have today?" Robyn said playing along.

"Cherry." she said.

"Is it warm?"

"If you want it to be?" she said almost blushing.

Robyn leaned back and grinned holding back a laugh. She placed the mug down on the counter and shook her head, "Where's your restroom?"

"Over to your right." she said pointing the way.

"I'll be back in a second." Robyn said sliding off the stool.

"Wait!" the worker said. She ducked underneath the counter for a moment and popped up again, "Here," she said tossing a white hand towel to Robyn, "these are better than the paper towels in there."

"Thanks." she said and proceeded into the restroom.

The restroom was proportioned to the café. It was small with a single sink and a stall. She looked at herself in the mirror and saw how wet she was. She took her jacket off and draped it over the sink. She rubbed the towel over her face taking off the damp coldness that remained. She looked at her dripping jacket and dried it with long strokes with the towel. Suddenly, she heard a loud metallic rattling sound coming from outside. She stopped to listen, but the sound had passed and she continued drying her jacket.

A moment later, the café worker entered with a polite smile.

"Hi. I just wanted to make sure you're okay."

"I'm good. Thanks."

"Would you like some more towels?"

"What's your name?" Robyn said.

"My name? Well people just call me Katie."

"Okay Katie. Come here." Robyn said with a beckoning wave of her hand.

Katie approached shy and cautious and stopped in front of Robyn. Robyn placed her hands on Katie's shoulders looking down her body.

"You look to be about my size, right?"

"I think so." she replied not knowing why.

Robyn slid her hands down her side and gripped her shirt at her waist and pulled it up and out of her pants.

"Hey!" Katie said startled placing her hand above Robyn's forearms. "What are you doing?"

"What do you think I'm doing? I'm taking off your shirt."

"Why?"

"Well how else are we going to do this?" Robyn said with a casual matter of fact tone.

Katie dropped her hands down to her sides and Robyn resumed. She pulled her shirt out and began to unbutton her from the top down. Katie clenched her fists in anticipation, but Robyn offered no expression. She unbuttoned her shirt all the way down revealing Katie's lacy black bra. Robyn removed her shirt with Katie smiling ear to ear. Robyn threw the shirt around and slipped it on. She turned to look at herself in the mirror.

"Oh yeah, this will fit me."

Katie stood shirtless with a puzzled expression. "You only want my shirt?"

"Well yeah. It's cold out there. Don't worry, I'll bring it back cleaned." she said staring at herself in the mirror.

"Oh," Katie said feeling her heart sink, "okay then."

"Thanks Katie, you're a life saver."

Katie turned and walked out of the restroom and trudged over behind the counter. Robyn emerged shortly after. She saw what caused the loud noise earlier. Katie had closed the metal shutters in front of the café. They were alone in the closed café.

Robyn looked over at Katie clearing off her mug from the counter. There was a noticeable disappointment in her face. Robyn stepped behind the counter and stood next to Katie.

"What now?" Katie said.

Robyn smiled and gently held Katie's arms. She brought her face closer and kissed her lips. Katie retracted, but did not step back. She closed her eyes, brought her hands up to grasp Robyn's arms and kissed her back.

Robyn pulled away with a smile and bit of lipstick from Katie, "Was that what you were waiting for?"

Katie quizzically looked at Robyn for a moment then laughed. "You're mean!"

"I know." Robyn said as the two laughed.

The laughter stopped and they found themselves looking at each other. "So what now?" Robyn asked.

Katie shrugged her shoulders with a smile, "Can you kiss me again?"

Robyn cocked her eyebrow and wrapped her arms around her holding her close. She leaned into her and opened her mouth and kissed her. She slid her tongue inside Katie's mouth caressing it against Katie's tongue. Katie arched her back into Robyn's body as muffled sighs came out of her mouth. Robyn unsnapped her bra and pulled it off her breasts.

Katie's boobs felt the cool air, but her large nipples had already been hard for some time. Robyn fondled them in her hands. They were full and perky letting the firmness of her nipples drag across her palms.

Robyn pulled her tongue out of Katie's mouth and parted from her lips with a thin strand of spittle. She brought her face down to her neck and licked and sucked on her warm skin. Katie held her close to her body and held her head high. An expression of incredulous joy was frozen on her face as her excitement climbed higher.

Robyn reached down to Katie's waist and unbuttoned her pants. She pulled them off her waist and fell to her knees showing off her matching lace panties. Robyn slipped a hand into the black lace and down to her pussy.

"Damn," Robyn said, "you're dripping wet already."

Robyn pulled away looking at her wet fingers.

"Don't stop now." Katie pleaded and panted.

Robyn brought her wet fingers to her mouth and sucked them in front of Katie's eyes. She took her fingers to Katie's mouth and after a moment, took Robyn's fingers into her own mouth. She bobbed her head up and down on her fingers while staring into Robyn's eyes.

Robyn knelt down in front of Katie and pulled her wet panties down to her knees. Her lips were glistening with wetness below her groomed pussy. She parted her legs as far apart as she could and propped her hands atop Robyn's head. Robyn placed her hands on her thighs and opened her up with her thumbs. Katie was tingling with anticipation as the excitement ran through her body.

Robyn parted her lips and found her firm clit and took it into her mouth. Katie's body convulsed upon contact and breathed out a long gratifying sigh. Her knees buckled and Robyn could feel her arms trembling atop her head. Katie's sighs became loud guttural moans and heavy panting.

Robyn knew she was close. She leaned on her head more grasping fistfuls of her hair. Her legs began to collapse inward and her panting grew faster.

Robyn bore down and sucked on her harder riding with her intensity. Katie's eyes closed and her jaw dropped open and she felt the passing of the point of no return. Her hands tingled and her body felt light as a feather as her orgasm rose before crashing down in a single instance.

"Ooooooooowwwwwww..." Katie cried out.

Robyn propped Katie's body as she doubled over gasping for breath. Her legs shivered together, but Robyn continued to eat her pussy, but Katie pushed her head away from her over stimulation.

Katie righted herself and grimaced at the oversensitive licks Robyn continued. She moaned and backed away holding Robyn's tongue from reaching her. Robyn stopped and wiped her wet mouth with the back of her hand and smiled.

"Was that what you were waiting for?"

Katie laughed with her heart still racing. Her body tingled and her skin was glowing with a warm radiance.

Robyn stood up and took Katie in her arms. The two women smiled joyfully and Robyn kissed her deep and passionately. She allowed Katie to taste her own sex on her tongue. They licked each others' tongues for what seemed to be an eternity, but neither of them wanted to stop.

Finally, Robyn broke away with a smile. Katie looked extremely happy and definitely satisfied.

"Well, I guess I should be going now." she said stepping away.

"Wait, what about you? Don't you want me to..." Katie said.

"Want you to what?"

"Come on. No jokes. Do you?"

Robyn smiled, "Is this your first time with a woman?"

Katie smiled but turned away embarrassed and nodded.

"So that's why you were so wet."

Katie giggled embarrassed.

"So was it what you expected?"

"I liked it. I liked it a lot, but I'm not done yet." she said reaching over to grab Robyn's wrist and pulling her over toward her.

The two stood nose to nose looking into each others' eyes.

"Oh yeah? What do you want?"

"You know what I want?"

"Why don't you tell me."

Katie smiled and looked away totally embarrassed. Robyn reached up and held her face straight, "Come on, say it."

Katie smiled and closed her eyes and spoke fast, "I want to taste your pussy." "See pretty girl, that wasn't hard, was it?"

Katie shook her head.

"Then what are you waiting for?"

The giddiness returned and Katie took her pants and panties completely off from around her ankles. She began unbuttoning her shirt and Robyn watched feeling the aura of Katie's excitement in her. She looked at Robyn and smiled with anticipation then grabbed Robyn's tee and pulled it up and off her body.

Katie stared at Robyn's sport's bra. She reached up to touch them and smiled upon touching them. She uncupped her boobs and pulled the bra off her body. She felt the firmness of her large boobs and brought her head down taking in one of her nipples into her mouth. She licked, sucked and chewed on her firm nipple and did the same to the other. Katie looked up at Robyn. Their eyes met and a shared mutual pleasure was enjoyed by both women.

Katie dragged her lips down Robyn's tight stomach. She unbuttoned her rain soaked pants and tugged them down off her legs.

"Take it off all the way." Robyn said.

Katie happily obeyed the order and unzipped her ankle boots and removed them from her feet. She tugged the wet jeans off completely and reached up for her panties. She slid them off her legs and off her feet.

Katie looked between Robyn's legs and gazed at the slit of her skin. She touched her hairless pussy with the back of her hand.

"Smooth." Katie said with a smile.

Robyn gave her a toothy smile and turned and propped herself up on the counter. She laid her back on the counter and opened up and held her legs in the air.

"Aren't you gonna taste me?"

Katie stood up and walked in front of Robyn's open pussy. She bent over wrapping her arms around Robyn's legs and put her lips to her pussy.

"Yeah." Robyn said with a breathy sigh.

Katie ate and smacked at Robyn's pussy. She tried to mimic what Robyn did to her, but it did not make a difference. Robyn's eyes were closed with a blissful smile on her face. Katie knew she was pleasuring her well hearing her moans and feeling her body shudder. She felt her own pussy tingle once again being caught up in the excitement. The cold air of the café wrapped around her naked ass giving her an added sensation. She ignored it staring at the task at hand. She brought her head up and admired Robyn's tone body.

Robyn reached out to Katie's head and lowered her back down between her legs and continued munching.

"That's my girl." Robyn purred.

Robyn wrapped her legs around Katie's head and pushed her deeper into her. She felt Katie's teeth grating against her soft pink flesh and moaned with the sensation. She began feeling herself coming close and unwrapped herself off Katie. Robyn sat up and lifted Katie's head between her legs.

"Come up here and lie on top of me." Robyn said.

Katie climbed up onto the counter stood on her knees facing a lounging Robyn. "Now turn around." Robyn said with a sly grin.

Katie smiled and shrugged giddily. She lifted a leg and straddled Robyn's body. She bent down and scooted until her face was once again between Robyn's legs.

Robyn caressed Katie's cold cheeks. The sensation shot a tingle of warmth up her spine and Katie felt her pussy dripping in anticipation again.

Robyn brought her tongue to Katie's ass and licked her tight rough hole.

"Mmmmm..." Katie sighed at the new sensation. She brought her head and began eating Robyn furiously. She smacked and sucked hard at her clitoris expelling a moan from Robyn's mouth.

Robyn continued licking Katie's tight hole. She shoved her tongue inside and tongue fucked her ass. Katie offered a stifled moan keeping her lips against Robyn's pussy. Robyn dragged her tongue down and across Katie's pussy gathering her moistness into her mouth. The warmth of Robyn's tongue along Katie's wet lips sent a shiver up her spine. She felt another intense orgasm building quickly.

Robyn kissed and slurped causing Katie's head to rise. Her eyes were close and her mouth was open.

"Aaaaaaaa...." she moaned from deep within her body.

It was a beautiful sound. It was a simple sound that contained such raw emotion. Robyn heard the sincerity which heightened her excitement. Robyn slowed her pace and allowed her pleasure level to come down a bit. Soon, Katie's head dropped back down and she resumed eating Robyn's pussy again. Her excitement level was high as she showed by her frenzied pace between Robyn's legs. Katie sucked her lips as hard as she could and darted her tongue in and out of Robyn's pussy. Robyn dropped her head with a grimace and moaned loudly. She had passed the point of no return and thrust her fingers deep inside Katie's pussy. She rammed it in and out of her all the way down to her knuckles 

Katie gripped Robyn's thighs and began a feverish panting. The two women cried at together with their bodies convulsing against each other.
