 To all my continuing readers, Thank you.




Pre-Grad Day

Robyn leaned closer into her bathroom mirror and added a few more brushes to her eye lashes before backing away. She looked at her dolled up face with a turn to the right and a turn to the left and brushed a few strands of hair to the side and walked over to the bedroom satisfied.

She removed her powder blue mini robe and tossed it on the bed and opened her lingerie drawer quickly rummaging through the disorganized pile finally pulling out a pair of lacy white panties and a matching bra. She slipped on her panties over her cleanly shaven pussy and put on her front clasping bra and neatly tucking in her breasts.

She pulled on a pair of low rise boot cut jeans and a simple short sleeved white collared blouse leaving the top two buttons undone revealing her ample cleavage. Robyn cinched on a big buckled belt around her waist and tossed on a smooth black leather jacket that had aged with a lot of character. She finished off by zipping a pair of two inch boots over her jeans and looked at herself in the vanity mirror.

Robyn exited the bedroom and stepped over to her dining table where her purse sat. She picked up a gift wrapped neatly in white wrapping paper about the size of her palm and placed it inside her purse ready to step out. She strode down the steps to the courtyard and saw Mike walking over to his apartment.

"Please don't talk to me. Please don't talk to me." Robyn thought.

Mike looked over and saw Robyn and immediately flashed a smile.

"Hi Robyn. You're looking nice today. Going out on a date?"

"Just seeing some friends. That's all. Gotta run."

Robyn quickened her pace out of the courtyard trying to put the greetings to a short end.

"Why don't you stop by for a beer when you get back?"

Robyn waved in acknowledgement as she walked toward the main entrance without adding anything to his offer. She exited the courtyard and walked to her white Honda Fit.

Over at the college campus, Lisa wore a brown baby tee and some khaki shorts with her yellow hair tied back in a pony tail. She read the instructions on arranging her room back to its "move in" configuration.

The walls were bare and her dresser was empty with only her packed suitcase and her black cap and gown hanging from the hook on the inside dresser door. She had moved the desk, hutch and bed back to their original locations and other than her sheets and blankets on the bed; she was ready to checkout.

Lisa dropped her body down onto the bed staring at ceiling. The hall was quiet with Lisa possibly the only one staying on the floor. With finals over, there wasn't much happening other than graduating seniors partying which Lisa was happy to pass on.

Lisa's hands unconsciously gravitated towards her crotch where her fingers found a place to keep her mind entertained. She smirked when she realized what she was doing bringing back the thought of her handy pocket rocket.

She looked over at her purse sitting on the desk, but knew it was no longer there. Lisa remembered the night in the motel with Robyn where she last used it. She laughed at the thought of Robyn's annoying persistence that night and felt a touch of regret at giving up her little toy. She dipped a hand inside her panties digging in between her legs and stopped.

"Carrots." Lisa thought.

Lisa sat up and opened the dresser and opened the mini-fridge. It was empty except for a plastic carrot bag with two carrots left. She grabbed the bag and tossed it on the desk and stood up looking at the carrots. She unbuttoned her shorts and dropped them down to her ankles and stepped out. She pulled the tee off over her head and dropped it on the desk. She reached back and unclipped her bra and pulled it off her shoulders tossing it on her tee. She slipped her thumbs underneath her pink cotton panties and pulled them off her hips until they slinked down her creamy legs.

Lisa sat down on the bed and pulled her waste basket between her legs and with a carrot in one hand and a peeling in the other, she peeled the carrot smooth. Her brown eyes held a wide gaze at the carrot while her mind played back intensely pleasurable memories and enticing sexual fantasies letting her pussy self-lubricate itself in anticipation.

She shaved the pointed end of the carrot down halfway when she set it aside and began smoothing the fat end of the other carrot. Her body ached with anticipation as her firm nipples tingled in pain when a sudden knock came from the door.

Lisa jumped at the unexpected noise and realized she was naked with a carrot in her hand.

"Just a second." Lisa said.

Lisa tossed the carrots into the waste basket and yanked the dresser open dropping her graduation gown on the floor. She quickly picked it up and threw it on and gathered her clothes on the floor and desk and tossed everything into the dresser when another knock came from the door.

Lisa closed the dresser and zipped up the gown and took a deep collective breath before answering the door.

"Who is it?" Lisa said.

"Who do you think, Yellow?"

"Robyn?" Lisa said opening the door.

"Hey you. Gonna invite me in?"

Lisa smiled and stepped aside letting Robyn enter the small room.

"You're looking spiffy and tall today. Slipped on your heels too. For me?" Lisa said.

Robyn turned her head towards Lisa with a flirtatious smile and looked over the room.

"So this is your pad. It's so small. Smaller than I thought." Robyn said stretching her arms out trying to touch the walls on each side.

"Yeah, but you get used to it after a while."

"If you say so." Robyn said sitting on the bed.

"So whatcha doing here? How did you find my room?"

"I just asked around giving your name and description. A lot of guys seem to have noticed you."

"They did? Jealous?"

"Nah. If I went here, all the guys would've notice me more." Robyn said leaning back and jutting her breasts in the air.

"Hmph...At least I'm taller." Lisa said.

"You win there, Yellow." Robyn said and invitingly patted the bed next to her.

Lisa sat down next to Robyn looking down on her smiling face.

"So what brings you here today in search of me? Bored?" Lisa said.

"Well, you're graduating tomorrow."

"Yeah. Tomorrow, not today."

"You'll be busy with the family tomorrow, so I wanted to congratulate you personally."

"You could've done that tomorrow too. You could even meet my family."

"Really? You'd introduce me?"

"Yeah. Why wouldn't I?"

"Oh, I just thought you'd be too busy with other things and stuff."

"I'll be busy alright, but do you think I'd just ignore you in front of my family? Who do you think I am?"

"I think you're a yellow haired sweetie."

Robyn sat up wrapped her arms around Lisa's neck and pulled herself close and kissed her on the lips.

"Been thinking about me all week?" Lisa said.

"You know it." Robyn said kissing her again and sliding a hand down to Lisa's bare knee and ran it up under her gown.

Lisa clamped down on Robyn's hand halting her advance.

"What's the matter?" Robyn said.

"Nothing. Just don't get carried away, okay?."

"Why not? You're done with school and we're all alone here."

"It's not that." Lisa said rising from the bed, "Just not right now, okay?"

"You know, I don't get you sometimes. You kiss me like a horny slut, and then you clam up like a snooty bitch. I hate it when you tease me with your games."

"I'm not playing any games and I'm not teasing you intentionally."

"Then what is it?" Robyn said standing.

Robyn hugged Lisa's body stroking her satin covered back noticing the smoothness.

"Wait a second." Robyn said.

She dropped her hands down to Lisa's ass and swirled her hands around her cheeks.

"Why are you naked underneath your gown?"

"What? What are you talking about?"

"I don't feel any clothes underneath you. I don't even feel a bra strap or panties. You're naked."

"I was in the middle of changing when you knocked. I had to throw something on."

"You were changing your bra and panties too? What were you doing before I knocked on the door?"

"What? I wasn't doing anything."

"You were masturbating, weren't you?"

"You're stupid, you know that?"

"You can tell me. You were fingering your cunt, weren't you?" Robyn said with grin.

"I wasn't."

"Did you come?"

"No."

"See. You were fingering yourself."

"No. I mean 'no I wasn't masturbating'."

"Liar. Liar. Masturbator."

Lisa buried her face in her hands seemingly caught red handed.

"Aha! I was right. You were masturbating. Who's the nympho now?"

Lisa emerged from under her hands red in the face.

"I was doing it only because I was bored."

Robyn hugged her tight with a smile on her face.

"Don't be embarrassed about it, Yellow. You did it in front of me before."

"I know, but this was different."

Robyn released her embrace and stood in front of Lisa look up into her brown eyes.

"Different how?" Robyn said.

"I don't know. It doesn't matter now that you know."

"You have nothing to be shy about in front of me. I'll won't tell anyone and I'll keep your secrets. You can always trust me, Yellow. I love you."

"I do trust you, Robyn. It's me that's the problem. I just get uptight about letting people know about my private side."

"I want to be a part of your private side."

"You already are." Lisa said and kissed Robyn with a smile.

Lisa stretched out on the bed and looked over at Robyn.

"So are you going somewhere after you fuck me, or did you really dress up for me?" Lisa said.

Robyn smiled in embarrassment.

"You look very girly today." Lisa said.

"Well I am a girl."

"Sometimes I forget."

Robyn smirked and lifted her foot and unzipped her boots. She placed them neatly in the corner and rose up and peeled off her jacket. She sat on the bed smiling at Lisa looking back at her. Robyn reached for Lisa's gown zipper and slowly pulled it down her body.

Robyn opened the gown up revealing Lisa's naked body. She placed her hand on Lisa's creamy thigh and caressed her warm skin.

"I know. I know. I could use more exercise." Lisa said.

"Quiet, Yellow. I'm enjoying this." Robyn said without taking her eyes off of Lisa's thigh.

Robyn glided her hand up over Lisa's hip and onto her stomach before sliding down and feeling Lisa's waxed skin above her pussy. Robyn gazed at Lisa's body without blinking an eye and Lisa could see the pleasure Robyn was getting from her tactile exploration.

"Robyn?"

"Shh." Robyn said.

Robyn moved her hands up Lisa's body and glided the back of her fingers between her breasts and up to her neck. She turned her hand gently gripped Lisa's neck feeling her tender muscles underneath and placed her index finger on her tapered jaw.

Robyn leaned over Lisa's face bring her fingers to Lisa's mouth feeling her soft and supple lips. Lisa slipped her tongue out and licked Robyn's fingers as they passed. The sensation of Lisa's tongue on the tips of Robyn's fingers shot waves of pleasure up her arm and down her throat.

They're eyes met as Lisa sucked on two of Robyn's fingers. Robyn brought her head down and pulled her wet fingers out of Lisa's inviting mouth and replaced them with her equally wet tongue. They kissed deep and passionately as Robyn positioned herself above Lisa's body.

Lisa wrapped her arms around Robyn holding her close and sucking on Robyn's tongue. Robyn caressed Lisa's breast with one hand and shoved the other deep between her legs.

"Mmmm..." Lisa sighed.

Robyn felt the juicy wetness between Lisa's legs poking into her silky slick pussy.

"Ohhh...." Lisa moaned breaking off Robyn's kiss.

Robyn buried her face into Lisa's neck gripping her flesh between her teeth while listening to Lisa's labored breathing.

Lisa grimaced in pain at Robyn's biting and in pleasure from her finger poked pussy. She gripped Robyn's back while her body trembled closer toward the edge feeling her pussy ready to burst open.

Robyn stared at the pleasure on Lisa's face. Her eyes were closed and her mouth was open sucking in quick short breaths of air. Her body quivered as Lisa began to pant harder. She arched her back off the bed and bit down on her lower lip coming close to the edge of her orgasm. Robyn's eyes grew wide feeling Lisa's aura envelop her and began to stroke her clitoris feverishly.

"AAuuuuuaaaaaggghhh...." Lisa moaned loud through the small room.

"Oh yeah! I'm gonna fuck you all day!" Robyn said unrelenting her stroking and dug deeper into Lisa's pussy.

"Unnnggggghhh..." Lisa grimaced and pushed Robyn's hand away.

Robyn backed away with Lisa still breathing hard.

"You think anybody heard you?" Robyn said.

Lisa placed her hands over her mouth and then smiled thoroughly pleased.

Robyn lifted herself onto her knees and scooted down the bed to drop her face in between Lisa's legs. Lisa quickly put her hands on Robyn's head.

"No. No. It's too sensitive."

"Come on, I just want a little of your pussy to linger in my mouth."

"Not on the clit, okay?"

"Okay."

Lisa slowly relaxed her arms letting Robyn push in between Lisa's legs. She stuck her tongue out and pushed it gently into Lisa's soaked pussy.

Lisa felt Robyn's breath against her oversensitive clit and bit her lip to fight the sensation.

Robyn pulled her body up onto Lisa's until they were face to face.

"Taste your cunt in my mouth." Robyn said and came down kissed Lisa with a wide open mouth.

Satisfied with her big kiss, Robyn rolled off Lisa's body and cuddled beside her with a sigh.

"Like that?" Robyn said.

"Uh-huh."

"Better than masturbating?"

They both laughed and snuggled close to each other and share a quiet moment.

"I'm really glad you came today. It's so sweet of you to dress up just for me." Lisa said.

"Honestly, there's no place I'd rather be than right here in bed next to you. I can't tell you how good it feels."

Lisa held her close and stroked her hair looking at the elated joy on Robyn face and she knew she was feeling nothing less than sheer bliss. Lisa decided not to interrupt Robyn content mood and soon they both nodded off to sleep.

An hour later, Lisa awoke startled, "Oh, no. What time is?"

Robyn woke up from Lisa's jostling in surprise.

"What is it?" Robyn said.

Lisa reached over and grabbed her purse and quickly fumbled her hand inside to pull out her cellphone.

"Oh, it's still early." Lisa said and dropped back down on the bed.

Robyn sat up and looked down on Lisa, "Early for what? You going somewhere later?"

"Um-hmm. My parents are stopping by to pick up my stuff and then they're taking me out to dinner."

"Oh, you're going out with parents tonight?"

"Uh-huh. But they won't be here until this evening. Don't worry though. We still have time. I'll give you what you came here for." Lisa said patting Robyn's leg.

"Oh, that's not what I meant, Yellow." Robyn said holding Lisa's hand with a smile.

"What did you mean then?"

"It's nothing to worry about."

"What is it? You could tell me."

"It's not important. We can do it another time."

"Now you got me curious. Do what?"

Robyn laughed with a red face embarrassment. Lisa sat up next to Robyn and shook her to get the answer out.

"What's so funny? Tell me." Lisa said grabbing Robyn by the arms and jostling her back and forth.

"Okay. Okay. Stop shaking me."

"Well?"

The two were face to face and Lisa was waiting for Robyn to tell her. Robyn turned away from Lisa's eyes with a smile.

"It's nothing really. I just wanted to take you out tonight. Just you and me. That's all. You know, to congratulate you on your graduation and all." Robyn said finishing with a shrug.

"Oh." Lisa said, "I see. That's very very sweet of you."

"Oh, it's nothing."

"No it isn't. You're always thinking of me aren't you?"

"Well, not always."

"Yeah, I know, you get hungry sometimes."

"You're getting to know me pretty well, Yellow."

"I know you like this." Lisa said and moved in and kissed Robyn deep on her lips.

Robyn's eyes rolled back, feeling a light giddiness rising in her belly. Lisa broke off with a loud smack from their lips and Robyn exhaled a long breath fanning her face with her hand.

"I think you know me very well." Robyn said giggling and feeling her eyes watering.

"Let me give you what you came here for." Lisa said rising from the bed.

Lisa took Robyn by the hands and guided her on her feet as they gazed into each other's eyes. Lisa put her hand on Robyn cheek making her radiate a warm smile. She stepped closer and brought her hands to Robyn's blouse and began unbuttoning her snuggly stretched shirt slowly.

Robyn stood quietly staring at Lisa with her eyes wide open. Lisa smiled and unclasped Robyn's bra and peeled it open letting her breast hang open and naked in front of her. She caressed them and gently gave them a squeeze feeling the firm fullness in her hands.

"Okay, I'm jealous." Lisa said.

Robyn smiled and pressed Lisa's hands against her body. They both met each others gaze once more with the afternoon sunlight bouncing off Robyn's naked breasts.

"I..." Robyn began to speak when Lisa quickly hushed her.

"Shhh...I know." Lisa said putting a finger over Robyn's lips.

Robyn held Lisa's hand to her mouth and gently licked her finger with her warm and moist tongue. Lisa felt the sensation tickle her body as she watched Robyn's hot tongue caress her finger.

Lisa leaned down and pulled her finger away and replaced it with her tongue and slipped it inside Robyn's eager mouth. Robyn threw her arms around Lisa and stood up on her toes squeezing Lisa tight to her body.

Their kisses were hard and wet filled with grunts and moans as they probed their tongues down each of their throats. They wrestled their bodies together tugging at each others hair causing a pain that only fuel their lust.

They finally broke off looking at each other breathing hard with a primal stare. Lisa wiped the spittle off of her chin with the back of her hand and grabbed Robyn's wrists tugging her across the room and pushing her back against the wall. She clamped Robyn's arms against the wall and bent down to take one of Robyn's large nipples in her mouth.

Robyn closed her eyes and relaxed her jaw breathing out a shuddery sigh. She brought her hands down atop Lisa's head and gripping handfuls of her long blonde hair. She stood erect holding Lisa's face close to her breast breathing hard up into the air. The sensation of Lisa's mouth smacking against her nipples zinged pleasure through her body. She felt her body temperature rising as her brow began to glisten and her crotch began to swelter under her tight jeans.

Robyn began to purr softly as Lisa slinked down her body leaving a trail of kisses on her flat stomach. Lisa undid Robyn's belt and unbuttoned her jeans gripping them at her hips and tugging them inside out down to her knees exposing Robyn's moistened white panties. Lisa buried her face into Robyn's crotch like a starved animal gnashing her teeth on her lace covered pussy.

"Ohhh...." Robyn moaned leaning over Lisa's head with a wince.

Robyn leaned on Lisa's head for support as she peeled her panties off and munched hungrily on her pussy.

Robyn leaned against the wall for support with her knees buckling from Lisa's intense pleasuring.

"Oooooooo..." Robyn murmured a long breathy moan under her quivering arms.

Lisa pulled back and licked her lips and stood up next to Robyn. She took Robyn and guided her over to the window and leaned her forward as if to offer her a better view from her dorm.

"Stay there, okay? Don't look back." Lisa said.

Robyn was bent at the waist looking out at the tall foliage outside the window. The cool breeze fluttered over her bare skin reminder her of her nakedness. She could hear Lisa rummaging through her dresser looking for something.
