 Chapter 7

Robyn's Day

It was a perfect day to be outdoors. The sky was an azure blue with patches of wind swept clouds. The sun was out and shining bright and warm only to be cooled by a gentle and refreshing breeze now and then.

Family and friends had begun filling the bleachers as the final preparations were being made. Lisa and her fellow graduating classmates filed into their seats wearing their shiny black polyester gowns and mortar boards atop their heads as they sat in front of the stage waiting for the regents to arrive.

In the bleachers, families searched the swathing sea of black gowns for their loved ones. Proud parents and happy friends would spot one in the crowd and cry out their names.

"Michael!" a dad and mom would stand waving their hands.

"There she is! Amber! Amber!" another group would shout.

The students would embarrassingly acknowledge them from below with a sheepish grin, but still be touched by the gesture their loved ones offered.

The regents' procession began with the Pomp and Circumstance March coming from the speakers. It was all organized and scripted which did not interest Robyn very much observing from the edge of the bleachers. She sat at the leftmost side giving her ample sitting space as most of the friends and family crammed the center trying to obtain the best viewing angles.

Robyn sat alone with a hand over her brow shading the sun trying to find her special someone in her life. The crowd ruckus settled as the regent spoke at the podium. Robyn heard the voice, but wasn't listening to the wise man spouting about the future. She was only concentrating in finding her friend in the crowd.

"Where are you Yellow?" Robyn whispered to herself.

Her eyes scanned the faces row by row looking for a blonde haired girl with a smile as colorful as a rainbow. The distance was a bit farther than Robyn preferred, but the faces were still clear enough to be recognizable. Down the rows she went until she stopped a little more than halfway in the crowd when her eyes widened and her body unconsciously leaned forward.

"Hey Yellow." she whispered cracking a smile.

Robyn crossed her knee boot heeled leg over the other and propped her chin atop her hand looking at Lisa. She looked different in Robyn's eyes. Of all the times the two had met, Lisa never wore very much make-up if she wore any at all, but this was a special occasion after all.

Lisa's eyes were dark with black or dark brown eyeliner along with brown tinted mascara. Her curved lips were pinkish red that accented her rosy cheeks. Robyn couldn't tell if her cheeks were naturally colored or not, but either way, she looked glowingly pretty. Of course, underneath a neatly bobby pinned mortar board, was Lisa's blonde hair, shiny and wavy under the warm sun.

Robyn brushed her breeze blown hair off her eyes fixed on Lisa. She sat quietly with her hands folded in her lap and her legs crossed listening to the guest of honor speaking of "unlocking door". Lisa wore a pair of white heels which was a first for Robyn. She'd always worn flats or sneakers when they were together. Robyn imagined standing in front of Lisa with the added height from her heels. Lisa towered above Robyn in her mind, but the bright glowing smile shining down on her gave her a tingle of warmth across her body.

Robyn's eyes lingered on the sheen of Lisa's exposed calf. It would look a tad shapelier with some work, which made Robyn smirk, but it was still long and feminine hanging from under her gown.

Was she naked underneath, Robyn thought with her gown covering any clothing underneath. She quickly dismissed the thought knowing the uptight and shy blonde's behavior.

Robyn reached into her right pocket of her leather jacket and held her cell phone in her hand. The message Lisa had left her was not typical of her behavior, but she did leave it. It's possible, Robyn thought and toying with the thought sent a jolt of sensitivity to her clitoris and nipples and a smile on her face.

The speech was over and the students were preparing for their names to be called. The event was nothing special to Robyn other than seeing Lisa again and seeing her enjoy this special day. Lisa continued sitting quiet and patiently, but the nerves of anticipation were definitely sparking inside her as she fidgeted in her seat. Her row final rose to their feet and her tallness was quite apparent as she towered over the woman in front of her and her mortar board rose above the man standing behind her.

Robyn shrugged her shoulders taking in a deep breath feeling giddy at the moment. How happy she must be feeling, Robyn thought and could not help to feel joy for her as well. The line crept forward as the regent called off the names one by one and shook the graduate's hand. Pockets of family and friends cheered loudly as their son's and daughter's names were called as Lisa inched closer to the stage.

Lisa stepped closer in the line until she reached the stage. She smiled at a photographer who flashed two shots of her before stepping up the stage. Her walk was graceful as ever even on heels. It was a neat and tidy walk stepping heel to toe with one foot in front of the other. Her smile was bright when the regent announced her name. Robyn felt her eyes welling with joy when she heard the loud cheers around the center of the bleachers.

"Lisa! We love you!" an older man shouted on his feet.

Whistling and loud cheers accompanied the voice and Lisa looked up and smiled and waved a shy hand in acknowledgement.

Robyn shaded her eyes looking over at the cheering section and saw the man happily cheering her on. Robyn deduced the man must be Lisa's father and smiled in his joy for his daughter.

In time, the graduates had all received their accolades, shook the regent's hand and sat back down waiting for the final announcement. The class valedictorian stepped up to the podium and anointed the students as graduates sending and echo of cheers from the bleachers and the students as the flung their mortar boards into the air. Lisa tossed her in the air but quickly ducked her head and raised her hands to shield herself from the raining caps.

The bleachers began to empty down on to the field as the parents and friends found each other. Robyn sat quietly with a few others staying on the bleachers watching their kids running up and down the steps. Robyn kept her eyes on Lisa when her family approached her with open arms and big smiles.

Lisa hugged her dad, who was quite tall, and embraced each other warmly. Next was her mother, who placed a purple lei around her neck with a kiss on the cheek. Finally, a tall blonde man with a big smile spoke some words to Lisa and gave her a big hug. Lisa's smile and held him tightly as he rocked her body in his arms. He let her go and they all chatted amongst themselves.

Robyn was happy for Lisa and her family, but couldn't help to feel her heart sink at seeing her boyfriend with her. He was tall with a manicured looked and dressed casually, but not sloppy. His appearance from afar with his pleasant demeanor, Robyn couldn't sense any kind of jerkiness from him.

"Lisa's a smart girl after all. She wouldn't hang around with bad guy for long." Robyn thought.

Robyn rose to her feet taking a deep breath and walked down on to the field. She looked over at Lisa and her family and smiled a sad smile, then turned her head and walked back to her car.

Robyn worked the evening shift so she could be at Lisa's graduation. She sat in her office with her head propped up on her hand looking over her monthly schedule.

"Hey you. I peeked in at your aerobic session today. You didn't look like your normal peppy self. What's wrong?" Mindy said.

Robyn looked up and smiled reclining back on her chair, "Oh, nothing. Just had some things on my mind. That's all."

"You know, the gang and I are going out for drinks later. Why don't you come? It's been awhile since you hung out with us."

"Thanks, but I'm not feeling it tonight." Robyn said waving a dismissive hand.

"Well, we'll be at Ray Ray's if you change your mind and if you want to talk, just give me a call, okay?"

"Okay. Thanks for the love, Min."

"Anytime, love." Mindy said walking away.

Robyn arched her back and stretched her body with a gentle sigh and logged off her computer. She rose to her feet and trudged through the empty gym and to her locker. She opened her locker door and picked up her cell phone and saw she had a voice mail message.

"Yellow." she said and placed the phone over her ear.

"Hi Robyn. It's Lisa." the message started, "I just wanted to see if we're still on for tomorrow. If you don't want me to come, I'll understand. Just let me know, okay? I was hoping to see you today, but I know you're busy and all. So, give me a call, okay? Bye."

The message ended and Robyn brought the phone off her ear. It was nice to hear from Lisa and to know she called, but at the same time there was a sadness she felt in her heart knowing there was another person in her life. Robyn knew it was self-pity and knowing it made her upset with herself.

Robyn tried to shake the feeling off and push through it while she called Lisa back and held the phone to her ear.

"Hi Robyn!" Lisa said.

"Hey Yellow. I'm sorry I couldn't make it to your ceremony."

"That's okay. You probably would've been bored anyway."

"No I wouldn't. I'm happy for you."

"I know. It means a lot to me."

"So, were you naked under your gown?"

"You're stupid." Lisa said with a giggle.

"Well were you?"

"I don't know. Maybe it's better not to tell you."

"You could be such a tease sometimes, you know?"

"I am not. You just have a dirty imagination."

"Oh yeah? Tell me what I'm imagining right now?"

"I don't know, probably something with that strap on of yours."

"Mmm...I like the start of that. What else?"

"What else? You're probably fucking me silly in every corner of your apartment."

"I've already imagined that awhile ago."

"See. You're a dirty girl."

"And that's the why you like me, isn't it?"

"No! You're a sweet girl Robyn. Really. You're a pain sometimes, but you're also nice and very considerate."

"Okay, you can stop now. Are you trying to make me cry?"

"No, but I mean it. You're a sweetie."

"So what time are you coming tomorrow?"

"I don't know. Whenever. Are you planning something?"

"No. You don't mind if we just hang out, right?"

"Oh no. That's fine."

"Well how about around ten?"

"10 am?"

"Uh-huh. Is that too early?"

"No. That's fine. I'll see you then."

"Okay. Sounds good, Yellow."

"Okay."

"I love you."

"Bye." Lisa said and hung up.

Robyn felt talking to Lisa was like a riding a wave of giddiness as they chatted pleasantly, but when it ended the self-pity seemed to envelop her. She slammed her cell phone on the shelf annoyed at herself and quickly changed her clothes.

Robyn walked out of the gym waving her goodbyes to her co-workers and walked home. The streets flowed with only a weekend's traffic and the night air held a nice coolness as Robyn walked down the street. She passed by Katie's café and saw the metal shutters covering the café façade. She smirked just a bit imagining Katie and herself wrapping their bodies together on the other side. It was too bad she was closed tonight, she thought. A romp with Katie would've been a nice distraction.

Robyn scoffed at her feelings of self pity and pulled her cell phone out of her jacket pocket and placed it over her ear.

"Mindy? Are you guys all there?"

"Robyn! Yeah we are. Come and join us. Everyone misses you." Mindy said.

"Tell everyone I'll see them soon."

"You mean you're coming?"

"Uh-huh."

"Hey guys, Robyn's coming!" Mindy said to her group followed by a ruckus of cheers.

"You hear that? Get here soon." Mindy said.

"I'm on my way. See you soon." Robyn said with a smile and hung up the phone.

Robyn jogged the rest of the way home feeling more like her old self and partying with her friends. She quickly ran up to her apartment for a change into a tight black sleeveless mini-dress. She touched up her face and spritzed on a touch of perfume before slipping into a pair of black two inch heels.

Robyn walked back to the front door trying to imitate Lisa's graceful strut, but it came across her as an awkward attempt. She picked up her purse and closed the door behind her and strode down the stairs only to see Mike, hold a trash bag in one hand, come out of his apartment.

"Ah shit." Robyn muttered to herself trying not to make eye contact, but noticed him looking up at her.

"Robyn! Looking fab tonight. Who's the lucky guy?"

"Just meeting some friends. I'm already late. See ya."

"You can always hang out with me if you ever feel like it." he said as Robyn dashed passed the gated entrance.

Robyn hopped into her car and sped over to the club and parked her car in the crowded parking lot. She entered the darkened lobby amid the pulsing music and raucous voices looking for her friends in the dim lit room.

Mindy turned her gaze over toward the entrance and met her eyes with Robyn. She quickly smiled and waved at her as Robyn made her way through the room. The men along her path all looked at her giving her a good stare regardless of their own company .

"Well. Well. Well. Look what the cat dragged in. When was the last time? The pub by the beach, wasn't it?" Spencer said with a smile.

"Hey you guys. I know. Long time no see." Robyn said waving to the group.

"Yeah. It was the pub by the beach." Joanie said with her arm locked around Spencer, "Why did you ditch us again? Some hot dude?"

"Something like that." Robyn said and sat down in the booth.

There were six of them in all that used to hang out regularly on Friday nights. There was Robyn and Mindy who knew each other from the gym. Then there was Spencer, the messy haired, but sharply dressed friend of Mindy who was dating Joanie, the long dark haired Asian with the perky smile. She knew Tash, short for Natasha, the African and Asian mixed girl with the radiantly clear skin. She was going out with Emery, the tanned Brazilian stud sitting at the end of the booth.

"So where've you been? Did you hook up with some guy?" Tash said.

"Yeah, we want to meet him to see if he's worthy of our sweet Robyn." Emery said.

"No, I didn't meet a guy. I've just been busy doing stuff. It's not like I didn't want to hang out with you guys anymore." Robyn said.

"Well check out the guys here. I'm sure we can find a couple for you and Min." Joanie said.

"Hmph. I'll take a couple of guys for myself." Mindy said looking out across the room.

"You can always stop by our pad if you like, Min." Spencer said.

"I said a couple of guys, Spence. Not a couple. And don't cheat on my friend Joanie."

"Why would I?" he said giving her a nuzzle under her ear.

"Whatcha drinking, Robyn?" Emery asked.

"Oh, uh, I'll take a long island. Thanks."

"Okay. Is everybody else good?"

Everybody nodded in agreement and Emery left toward the bar.

"So Tash, you and Emery are looking legitimate. Are you two an item?" Robyn said.

"It's been going. It's been getting serious. I went to meet his parents. I think they liked me."

"Did you stay the night at his parent's place?" Joanie said.

"Yeah. We stayed in his room."

"Wait. His parent's let you sleep in the same room together?" Spencer said sitting up.

"Well yeah. We're adults."

"Spence want to know if you played naked Twister when everybody went to bed." Joanie said.

Natasha shook her head with a roll of the eyes and waved a dismissive hand at him.

"Of course not. Is that all you think about?"

"No, but it's what I wanted to know about." Spencer said and Joanie elbowed him in the ribs.

"Be a gentleman." she said as Emery returned.

"One long island for the lady." Emery said handing the glass to Robyn.

"Thank you." Robyn said.

"See. Be more like him." Joanie said to Spencer.

"Okay. Okay."

They all sat and drank another round together chatting cheerfully about nothing in particular, but simply enjoyed the time they spent together. Robyn was working on her second long island iced tea, when she excused herself to use the ladies room.

"Oh, wait. I'll come with you." Natasha said.

Natasha clung onto Robyn as they waded through the crowded club toward the ladies room.

"So what's up girl? I've been meaning to ask you all night, but I didn't want to bring it up in front of the others."

"Bring what up?"

"That night you abandoned us at the pub. It wasn't for a guy. It was for a girl wasn't it?"

Robyn looked at Natasha smiling at her.

"I think you had too much to drink Tash."

"Come on. You think I don't know? I've caught you checking me out more than once."

"You're a pretty girl, Tash. I'll give you that, but the rest is your imagination."

"You know I thought about it." Natasha said.

"Thought about what?"

"You know. Letting you fuck me."

Robyn stopped and faced Natasha. "You think I'm a lesbian?"

"Come on. I know you fucked guys before. You just like girls too."

"And what about it?"

"Nothing." Natasha said with a big grin, "I think it's kinda hot."

"Don't tell the others, okay?"

"It doesn't matter. They probably all know already anyway, but I won't say a thing."

They resumed their way toward the ladies room with Natasha clinging onto Robyn's arm.

"So tell me about this girl? Have you been seeing her? Did you fuck her?"

"She's got a boyfriend." Robyn said as they entered the ladies room.

The room was crowded with the scent of cigarette smoke in the air. Ladies lined the sink touching up their make-up in front of the mirror as Robyn and Natasha stood waiting for a stall to open.

"So she's got a man. That doesn't mean anything. You can still hook up with her."

"Well yeah, but she's attached to someone else. What does that make me?"

Natasha stood silent for a moment then her eyes lit up, "You're in love!"

A lady stepped out of a stall and Robyn quickly entered followed by Natasha.

"Hey. I've gotta use the potty. Do you mind?" Robyn said.

"Go ahead. I don't mind."

Robyn looked at her then shook her head. She reached under her dress and pulled her panties down and sat on the toilet.

"I thought you were just looking for a one nighter. I didn't know you were in love love."

"I didn't know either. Until later."

"You're in love for sure?"

"I'm pretty sure. Uh-huh."

"Does she love you?"

Robyn looked up at Natasha and shook her head with a stern gaze.

"I told you, she's got a boyfriend."

"Doesn't mean she doesn't love you too."

"She doesn't." Robyn said rising and sliding up her panties.

"Oh. Well, there's still other out there waiting for you."

"I know, but why would I want something else when I know what I want?"

Natasha shrugged not knowing how to answer. "I'm sorry sweetie."

"Well, that's what's going on in my life." Robyn said and reached for the door lock when Natasha stopped her.

"What does it feel like being in love?"

"Feel?"

"Yeah. You know, what does your body feel like?"

Robyn smirked then thought about Lisa.

"It feels warm. Not hot, but warm like the morning sun on a chilly day. When the sun hits your cool skin and warms your body from the inside."

"That's it?"

Robyn shook her head with a smile.

"It also feels good, like when you were a little kid opening your birthday presents. I remember how happy I got my first Barbie doll. I'm not talking about crying my eyes out happy, but just at the point when my eyes get misty happy."

"I know that."

"And it feels sexy. It feels damn sexy. She turns me on just thinking about her. I can feel my nipples getting hard and my cunt getting hot right now." Robyn said with a bright smile.
