 Because chapter 7 was longer than I had intended, I ended up chopping it in half so the wait wouldn't be so long. To my small but loyal fanbase, thank you for your feedback and continued interest. I'm sorry for the long gaps in between chapters and I'm apologizing in advance as I have no idea when the next chapter will be finished. Thank you.

Chapter #7.5

Robyn's Night

Lisa broke their kiss and slipped her tongue back in Robyn's mouth snapping a string of spittle between their mouths. Lisa lifted her head up smiling with the candelabra shining behind her head.

"I love you, Yellow." Robyn said.

The words exited her mouth without a thought in her mind. It was as if her body spoke those words for her.

"I know."

"You don't. I mean I can feel it. When you kissed me, I felt it from my whole body. It was the best kiss I've ever felt."

"You only say that until your next kiss."

"No. It really was."

"Really? What made it the best?"

"Well, it's hard to put it in words."

Lisa sighed, "Well then I guess I'll never know."

"Okay. Okay. Let me try."

Robyn closed her eyes before beginning, "When your lips touched me, it's like you're kissing my whole body. I feel it everywhere like a warm shiver in my bones. It felt like you were rubbing my back with your smooth hands and you were playing with my tits at the same time. It felt like you were gripping my ass and you were teasing me so much with just the tip of your tongue licking my clit."

Robyn continued with a sly and satisfied smile, "And then when you filled my mouth with your sweet tongue, I swear you can probably give me another orgasm by tongue fucking my throat."

"You're stupid, you know that? Sweet, but stupid." Lisa said amused.

"Well, it's hard to put it into words." Robyn said looking at Lisa.

"Throat fucking. You're so stupid." Lisa said smiling.

"I love you." Robyn said reaching up and touching Lisa's face.

Lisa held Robyn's hand next to her cheek and they shared a moment looking into each others' eyes. Lisa brought her head lower as they continued to gaze at each other. Robyn opened her mouth anticipating Lisa motivations.

Lisa kissed Robyn's opened mouth and they both closed their eyes. Robyn's hand dropped like a dead weight onto the table and the two clutched each other's hand. Lisa kissed Robyn deeply, rubbing her lips against Robyn's.

Robyn let out a stifled moan arching her back off the table and reaching her tongue up into Lisa mouth beckoning her tongue to join her.

Lisa dropped her tongue into Robyn's mouth and pushed her mouth deeper into Robyn's reaching down into her throat."

"Hhhhmmmmmmmmm...." Robyn moaned a sealed cry.

Lisa glided her hand over Robyn's body sliding her fingers down Robyn's cleavage and cupping one of her breasts in her palm. She pinched her nipple and felt her body was quite warm and her nipple was extremely rigid and firm.

Lisa felt Robyn's jaw quiver as she brought her hand down her toned belly and between her sweltering legs touching the sticky wetness.

Robyn opened her mouth wide and let out a breathy sigh into Lisa's mouth which she then sealed it with her opened mouth again.

Lisa found Robyn's slippery firm clitoris with her middle and index fingers and began stroking it gently.

"Mmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmm..." Robyn grimaced letting out a continuous moan into Lisa's mouth and gripping her hand harder.

Lisa pressed her opened mouth down on Robyn's keeping their bond tight while the saliva streamed into Robyn's mouth.

"UUuummmmmm.....Uummmmmmm...!" Robyn moaned loud even though Lisa was stifling with a kiss.

Robyn's body shuddered and shook on the cusp of another orgasm. Her hot breath snorted out of her nose onto Lisa's face in quick pants. Robyn bolted her eyes opened wide seeing her apartment and Lisa's face hovering over her, but nothing of detail. Her concentration was completely focused on the intense feeling throbbing in her eyes and pulsating in her tips of her toes and fingertips.

"Mmmrpphhh...mmrphh...! Robyn mumbled quickly with her body arched and taut until her eyes closed and her body released.

"MMMMMmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmm........!" Robyn moaned long and hard into Lisa mouth feeling each and every pleasuring convulsion along the way.

Lisa lifted her face off of Robyn licking and rubbing the spittle off her chin while Robyn took in a huge breath still feeling the lasting effects of her orgasm.

Lisa hovered over Robyn watching Robyn catch her breath and enjoying herself to the fullest. Robyn began to breathe quieter and regular again when she asked her a question.

"So, was that last kiss still the best you've ever had?"

Robyn still had her eyes closed and smiled with a giggle at hearing the question.

"Well, it's still in the top 5."

The two shared a laugh and stared at each other soaking up the blissful moment. Lisa brushed Robyn's hair off her glistening brow while Robyn felt her orgasmic tremors growing further and further apart.

"Are you good to go now?" Lisa said.

"Oh, I'm feeling pretty good now."

Lisa stood in front of Robyn and helped her up and off the table where Robyn immediately embraced her with a tight squeeze.

"Thank you, Yellow."

"You're welcome, sweetie." Lisa said feeling Robyn's sweaty back. "Come on. Let's get freshened up."

Lisa guided Robyn over to the bathroom where they both stepped into the shower. The warm steamy water rained on their naked bodies together as they took turns bathing each other. Robyn spun Lisa's body against the tub wall and sucked one of her nipples into her mouth while she reached down to grope her pussy.

Lisa giggled, "Whatcha doing, Robyn? Sex time is over."

"I know, but I've got this urge to kiss you, but you're so damn tall I can't reach your lips without you bending down. It's easier to just kiss your tits." Robyn said continuing her sucking.

"Robyn, there's time for kissing and love making later. Let's wash up before the water gets cold, okay?"

"So you're saying you're going to fuck me again later?" Robyn said bolting up off Lisa's tits.

"We'll see."

"Remember, it's my day today. I get what I want."

"We'll see."

"Seriously, Yellow. I'm expecting you to fuck me again."

"I just did you! Twice. Just 5 minutes ago. And you're already thinking of the next session?"

"Well...I haven't had any for 5 minutes." Robyn said with a shrug.

"You're stupid." Lisa said shaking her head with a smile.

Lisa stepped out of the shower, "I know you've got the hots right now, so why don't you cool off a bit." she said and turned the hot water off.

"EEeeeeekk! You fucking cunt!" Robyn said stepping out of the cold water, but Lisa angled the showerhead to spray her wherever she scurried too.

"Stop it, you bitch! Turn it off!" Robyn said until braving the waters and turning it off herself.

Lisa dashed to the other side of the bathroom amused. Robyn glared at Lisa upset, but not angry. She appreciated that Lisa had a sense of humor, but pretended she was angry.

"Laugh now, Yellow, but I'll get you back. Soon."

"You still love me, right?"

Robyn couldn't hold a straight face and smiled and giggled together.

"I'm still getting you back though."

"We'll see." Lisa said and tossed a towel over to Robyn.

They dried off and got ready to go out together. They stood next to each in front of the mirror putting their make-up on with Robyn sneaking glances at Lisa. She couldn't help but smile and feel a warm glow inside being close to Lisa and enjoying the time spending it with her.

Lisa put he shorts and scoop necked burgundy T shirt on and looked in the mirror.

"You think this is okay to wear at such a fancy restaurant?"

"Oh, you're fine. Trust me."

"Look at this? I gotta wash this off." Lisa said pointing to a medium sized stain on her shorts.

"No, don't. Nobody's going to notice."

"You're going to buy me a new pair?"

"Um-hmm."

"And what are you gonna do with these?"

Robyn looked at the stain then looked at Lisa with a sly smirk.

"Are you sure you're not a guy? Don't you think about anything else?"

"Well all this fucking has worked up my appetite."

"You're just a pussy and a stomach, aren't you?"

"With a pretty face and a hot bod."

Lisa sighed with a roll of her eyes and walked out of the bathroom.

"I love you, Yellow!" Robyn said joyfully chiding her friend.

Robyn finished in the bathroom and threw on a pair of jeans and a tight black T-shirt with a leather jacket and stepped into the living room where Lisa was waiting patiently.

"Ready when you are, Yellow my love."

Lisa rose from the sofa and picked up her handbag with Robyn intercepting her. Robyn took her hand and held it facing her.

"Yellow, we don't have to have sex tonight if you don't want to. You've been so great today and if it were to end right now, I'd still be left a happy girl."

Lisa bent down and gave Robyn a kiss on the lips, "Thanks Robyn. And I like being with you too. Come on. Let's go." Lisa said tugging Robyn toward the front door.

"But if you want to fuck me, I'd still be okay with that too. I mean, I'd be a really happy girl." Robyn said hugging Lisa's arm with a doting smile.

Lisa laughed and they exited the apartment together.

Robyn looked over the railing into the courtyard down below and saw it was empty.

"Oh good. He's not there. Come on. Hurry." Robyn said stepping down the stairs in a hurried pace.

"What? What's the matter?" Lisa said following close behind.

"I don't want to run into Mike. Come on."

Robyn's pace was noticeably quick as she passed the courtyard and to the gated entrance where she held the door for Lisa.

"Come on. Come on."

"Gee, calm down. Nobody's here."

"Yeah, but not for long."

Lisa exited the entrance and Robyn closed the door behind them finally making it outside the apartment complex.

"You really don't want to meet this Mike, do you? Who is he?"

"Remember the first time you came here? You told me about some guy asking you if you wanted to come in?"

"Yeah, I remember. He's the same guy who let me in this morning."

"He did? Did he ogle you?"

"Ogle?"

"Yeah, you know." Robyn said then made an expression of a lazy eyed blank stare with a gaping mouth.

"Well not that bad, but I guess I felt a bit ogled. But guys ogle you everywhere you go with those in front of you." Lisa said pointing to Robyn's breasts.

"Yeah, but this is where I live. I don't want to be ogled here."

Lisa began walking toward her car as they chatted along the way.

"He seemed like a nice enough guy. Did you ever go out with him?"

"Ugh. No way. The way he looks at me doesn't make me feel comfortable."

"Because he's an ogler?"

"Because he gives me the creeps. I'll bet he sits by his window glancing over at my door waiting for me to leave so he could come out and ogle and chat with me."

Lisa pulled out her keys pushed the unlock button. Robyn saw a white mini Cooper's lights flash by the sidewalk.

"That's your car?" Robyn said.

"Uh-huh."

"How sweet. I didn't know you were rich."

"Rich? It's just a Cooper. And besides, it's used and a hand me down."

They entered the car with Robyn enjoying the small but quaint interior.

"You know, I thought you were more of a big car type." Lisa said.

"Why?"

"Well with a big car, there's more room in the back for you know. Any untimely urges you get?"

Robyn chuckled, "We could still do it in a small car. Maybe it'll be a tight fit, but at least you'll always be close."

"With you, there's always a way, isn't there?"

"You think I'm going to let a small space keep me from fucking you? No way."

"Maybe we could talk about something else instead of sex for two minutes?" Lisa said and drove the car off the curb.

"Well, I'll try, but two minutes is a long time." Robyn said pressing her fingers to her temples.

"You are so stupid, Robyn." Lisa said as the both laughed.

"Still, your parents were nice to hand this down to you."

"I know. It's a fun car to drive. What car did your parents give you?"

"Oh. Nothing."

"Nothing? They didn't give you their old car?"

"Well you can't get anything if there's nothing to give."

"What? You mean your parents didn't drive? How did they get to work?"

"No. It's not that. Oh, never mind. It's hard to explain."

"So they did have a car?"

"No." Robyn said getting frustrated, "Has it been two minutes yet? Can we go back and talk about fucking yet?"

"What? Is your parent's car a touchy subject?"

"I just don't want to get into it right now, okay. Especially not today, alright?" Robyn said.

"Okay. Then what do you want to talk about?"

"Anything but that."

"Well then? I don't know. Why don't you tell me about the last guy you've been with?" Lisa said.

"The last guy? Well, it has been awhile."

"Awhile? What does that mean? Yesterday?"

"Oh shut up. I'm not that...what's the word? Promiscuous?"

"You could've fooled me, Miss sex pot."

"No really. I'm not. Well, you're an exception."

"I am? Well, am I the only exception?"

Robyn thought about it staring off into the distance and chuckled unintentionally.

"Oh forget it, you horny dog. Just tell me about this guy of yours." Lisa said.

"Well he wasn't my guy, he was just a guy. I think it was about 2 months ago." Robyn said.

"And?"

"He wasn't anybody I knew. I just hooked up with him at a club. He was kinda cute from what I remember and we went back to his place that night and fucked." Robyn said with a shrug.

"That's it? He didn't call you back or anything?"

"I don't know. I mean it was just a fuck. There wasn't anything memorable about it I guess."

"And you haven't felt like being with a guy since?"

"Yellow, you don't understand. It's not a guy or a girl thing. It's about what attracts me. It just happens that you're a girl and you attract me very much."

"But, I'm not the only girl you've been attracted to, right?"

"Oh! Oh! Oh! Turn here!" Robyn said bouncing on her seat.

"Here?"

"Yeah. Turn in here!"

Lisa turned into the parking lot of a Yum Burger and looked over at Robyn, "Now what?"

"Park. What else?"

"You mean you want to eat here?"

"If you don't mind. The Lobster Trap is really expensive. I only said that restaurant to see what you were going to say."

"Sneaky."

"I know, but they always say, 'it's the thought that matters'. And your thought is good enough for me, Yellow." Robyn said with an admiring smile.

"Thank you Robyn. You're very considerate, but I don't mind. Are you sure this is okay with you?"

"I'm sure."

Lisa drove into a parking space and turned the car off and Robyn undid her seatbelt grabbing the door handle when Lisa grabbed her knee.

"Wait. Would you mind if we didn't talk about sex?" Lisa said.

"Lighten up, Yellow."

"No. Seriously. Please."

"Okay. I'll make an exception." Robyn said with a smile.

They both exited the car and walked side by side to the restaurant.

"I promise to be on my best behavior in the Yum Burger, Sister Yellow." Robyn said with a mono toned voice and a bowed head.

"Sister? Did you go to a Catholic school or something?"

"Uh-huh. Didn't you notice the school uniform in the photos?"

"Now that you mention it. I didn't know Catholic schools had cheerleaders."

"They don't. I went to public school for high school, silly."

The two walked up the steps to the entrance and Robyn pushed the doors open.

"Now buy me a cheeseburger and fries, stupid." Robyn said.

"Okay, and get whatever you like too. I'm paying."

"Oh, I was planning on it." Robyn said and led the way sitting at a secluded booth.

They sat down facing each other with the rest of the restaurant sparsely filled. The atmosphere was bright and geared more toward a casual family dining rather than a dark romantic dinner. Nevertheless, Robyn was happy and pleased in the restaurant sharing her time with Lisa.

They opened their menus on the table and Robyn flipped through it glancing at the pages where Lisa appeared to be studying every single entrée.

"I'm getting the deluxe cheeseburger with fries and a strawberry shake. What about you?" Robyn said.

"I don't know yet."

"Well there's not that much to choose from. How long do you need?"

"Just give me a second."

Robyn watched Lisa scan the menu line by line then sat back in the booth annoyed.

"You'd better hurry. The waiter's coming." Robyn said.

"Just a second." Lisa said not taking her eyes off the menu.

The waiter arrived in a white uniform with a red apron and a paper hat.

"Hello. Welcome to Yum Burger. What can I get for you?"

"Deluxe cheese with fries and a strawberry shake." Robyn said.

"And you, Miss?"

Lisa continued to read the menu ignoring the waiter's presence.

"Yellow?" Robyn said annoyed.

"Okay. I'll have the chicken fingers with a salad and a diet coke."

"What kind of dressing would you like?"

"Just oil and vinegar."

"Okay, thank you." the waiter said and walked off.

Robyn stared at Lisa with an unblinking incredulous gaze.

"What?" Lisa said with a shrug.

"It took you that long to decide on chicken fingers?"

"I'm sorry. I've never been here before. How should I know what they have to offer?"

"It's a burger joint, Yellow. They have burgers."

"I was looking for something besides a burger. What's wrong with that?"

"Let me guess. Something a little more healthy."

"Well. You're a personal trainer. Shouldn't I eat healthy?"

"Not all the time. It's boring. And besides, you can just come to the gym if you want. I'll sign you up for free."

"Oh yeah?"

"Uh-huh. I'll even put in the extra hours to make sure your needs are met. At no extra charge of course."

"No charge? But would you be expecting, how should we say it? Special favors in exchange?"

Robyn smirked, "I won't hold you to anything, but if you'd want to show your gratitude with a "tip", I'd be very very appreciative."

"Okay. That's enough. Our conversation is going down that path again." Lisa said laughing.

"Seriously Yellow, I can sign you up for free. We've got step classes, yoga classes, spinning, a sauna, a whirlpool and a steam room."

"Nice."

"And I'll train you. If you want. If you want somebody else instead, I can recommend another trainer for you."

"Robyn! Why wouldn't I want you to train me?"

"I don't know. I just want you to feel comfortable, that's all."

"I trust you to know the difference between work and play. I'm sure you're a professional at work. You are, aren't you?"

"Of course I am. I wouldn't ogle you, but I'd be happy to see you."

"It sounds good. I'll think about it, okay?"

"I hope you go. It would love going to work and seeing you there."

"How long have you been working there, anyway?"

"I don't know. About three years or so?"

"How did you decide to apply for a job there? Are you an exercise nut?"

"No way. But it was like being in the right place at the right time. I went to the gym on a guest pass. You know, whenever you go in as a guest they give you that high pressure sale to sign up for a membership. Instead of trying to sell me a membership, they tried to sell me on working there."

"Really? Why?"

Robyn made a sheepish grin and pointed to her breasts.

"Really? That's sexist."

"I know, but it was a time when I was looking for a job and needed to make some money. The pay was okay and it beats working in an office."

"But still."

"Don't worry, Yellow. It's okay. I've made lots of friends with the staff. They're pretty cool." Robyn said waving a dismissive hand.

"You don't mind them using you as a marketing tool?"

"Can I help it being so damn good looking?" Robyn said batting her eyelashes. "And besides, I have job security, right?"

"I suppose so."
