 Robyn & Lisa: Chapter 8
"College Town"



Robyn finished her last class for the day and walked back to her small office. She slumped into her chair breathing out a heavy sigh and wiped her brow with the towel around her neck. She leaned over her desk and reached for her phone and sighed again. There were no missed calls.

Four days had passed since Robyn and Lisa were together and not a word since. The thought of calling Lisa passed through Robyn's mind more than once, but she resisted and waited for Lisa to call. Still, the days went by and Robyn created excuses for Lisa her overdue, but inevitable call. There was no doubt in Robyn's mind that Lisa had to get settled and needed some time catching up with her boyfriend and so on, but four days is more than enough time to get settled, Robyn thought.

"Sweet Yellow, have I faded from you memory so soon?" Robyn muttered to herself leaning back against the chair.

Robyn punched up her schedule on the computer and was in the middle of reviewing it when she heard a familiar voice coming from her doorway.

"Hey you. Is this what everybody looks like after a hard 30 minute session?"

Robyn looked towards the door and saw her friend, Tash leaning against the frame. She turned her chair to face her and let her eyes give Tash a quick once over. She was wearing a simple yet formal pinstriped gray business jacket with a matching skirt hemmed above the knees. Her legs were covered with sheer black pantyhose and under her jacket was a white buttoned shirt that contrasted nicely against her cocoa powder toned skin. Her hair was straight and lusciously full sweeping down along the sides of her face.

Robyn smiled at her instantly recognizing her, "I don't know. You want to find out?"

"Sure. If the lesson is personal and how can I put this...one on one?" Tash said with a cock of her eyebrows.

Robyn laughed and waved Tash in and sat in the open chair opposite of Robyn. "So what are you doing here? Mindy's off today."

"How quick to assume. Aren't we friends too?"

"You're here to see me? What's going on?"

"I broke up with Emery."

"You did? When?"

"A couple of days ago."

"And?"

"And we broke up. That's it."

"Well, how did he take it?"

"Okay, I guess. There weren't any tears or anything."

"What did you say? How did you do it?"

"We were at his place and I told him pretty much what I felt. I told him I thought he was a great guy and that I liked him, but I wasn't feeling a connection with him. I told him I needed some time on my own and it wouldn't be fair to string him along. So if he met somebody else in the meantime, I would be cool with it."

"So you kept it open."

"Uh-huh."

"But is it? I mean, is there really a chance you'd get back together?"

"Well yeah. I mean he really is a great guy. He's nice. He's good looking. He's friendly..."

"What about in bed?"

Tash stopped and sighed.

"That's it, isn't it?" Robyn said.

"You know, I can't blame him for that. It's not like we never had good sex. We did. It's just been recently. I think it's me."

"Oh no!" Robyn said and stood up and closed the office door.

"Oh no, what?"

"That's why you're here, isn't it? That's why you came to see me."

"What? I can't visit my friends and say 'hi'?"

"Mindy's your friend too, but you wanted to see me because you're still on this bi-curious thing, aren't you?" Robyn said lowering her voice.

"Come on Robyn. Just once. I know you wanted to, so why not?"

"That was then. And besides, we're friends. I don't want to create any awkward tension between us."

"Awkward tension? What the hell have you been watching? It's just fucking. When has fucking ever created anything awkward between us or the rest of the gang?" Tash said.

"Yeah, but this is different. I mean none of us have ever had sex with each other."

"But we thought about it. I know you thought about groping me. I know Mindy wanted to fuck Emery. Well, I don't know for sure, but I'm pretty sure and we still hang out. Really, are we going to stop being friends if you fucked me?"

"Our relationship won't be the same. We'll look at each other differently."

Tash scoffed, "Did you read that line from a book? Yes, we're friends. Good friends, I'd like to think. I already know you wanted to fuck me. So what's the difference if we actually did it?"

Robyn sat back down and looked over at Tash staring back at her intently.

"So, you want us to fuck because you're having bi-curious feelings?"

"Something like that."

"And you want to fuck me, because I'm another bi?"

"No, because you're the only girl that I know that likes girls."

"And that's it? You're not into me in any other way? It's just going to be two friends fucking to cure your curiosity?"

"Well. You're the one that wanted to fuck me originally. Are all those feelings for me gone?"

"I still remember those feelings." Robyn said.

"I remember you staring at me when you thought I wasn't looking. I knew what you were thinking, but I never gave it much thought back then. I mean, I took it as a compliment, but now, the thought of it is kind of hot."

"Really?"

"Um-hmm." Tash said with a nod and bit her lip. "Robyn please. Just once? For me?"

Robyn shook her head with a smile, "Oh all right. What are friends for?"

"Really? You will?"

"Yes."

"Oh my god I can't believe! I'm so excited. Look at my hands. I'm trembling and I don't know if it's because I'm scared or happy." Tash said holding her hand up in front of her face.

"Probably a bit of both."

"So. When? Where?"

"My place. About eight-ish?"

"You mean tonight?"

"Well yeah. Do you need to think it over?"

"No, but it just seems so fast. I mean it's only a few hours from now."

"Well go on and get your sexy ass ready. I'll see you around eight." Robyn said with a smile.

"Right. Eight o'clock. Tonight." Tash said and rose from the chair. She walked over to the door and faced Robyn again, "Your place. You and me. We're going to do it."

Robyn smiled and nodded sarcastically then waved her hands shooing Tash out.

"Oh I can't believe this is happening! I'm horny, nervous, scared and happy all at once." Tash said bouncing from foot to foot.

"I know and it shows. Now go, you sex crazed psycho. I'll see you later."

"I will." Tash said and opened the door. "Adieu ma amour!" she said and left.

"What? What did you call me?" Robyn said.

Robyn slumped back into her seat and thought about tonight. She remembered the feelings she felt for Tash. There was no denying herself that she had a childlike crush for her. As the days went by, the feeling subsided, but every now and then she would have a thought pop into her head of holding Tash in her arms and giving her deep soulful kisses. It wasn't until she met Lisa when those thoughts completely stopped. She picked up her phone again and stared at it with a lost and blank expression.

"Oh Yellow, why won't you call me?"

Robyn glanced at her computer and noticed the time was around 5:30 pm. She shut her computer off and went to the locker room. She quickly showered and changed and checked her phone once again to see that nobody called.

A few days ago, Lisa arrived at the airport terminal and saw Mark waiting for her with open arms and a grin. It was a half a year since they last seen each other in person. They embraced each other and Mark gave her a firm and tight squeeze.

"I'm so glad you're here, Lis. I'm sorry I couldn't make it to your graduation, but I got something for you." Mark said and pulled out a small box out of his jacket pocket about the length of his hand.

Lisa looked at the tightly wrapped box with a smile and looked back at Mark, "What is it?"

"Open it."

"Right now?"

"Sure."

Lisa tore off the wrapping paper and saw it was a box for an iPhone.

"I remember you were still using that phone you had a couple of years ago. I thought you could use an upgrade."

"It's quite an upgrade. Thanks sweetie." Lisa said and gave him a kiss.

"Think nothing of it. I love you and I'm proud of you." he said and took Lisa's bags into his hands and walked out of the terminal.

"So, have you been busy?" Lisa said.

"Super busy. We just started the summer session and with the short schedule, every day is crammed with studying. It seems like I'm either in a lecture room or the research room."

"You sure it's okay for me to be here? I don't want to be a distraction."

"Oh you're a distraction, but a good distraction. The kind of distraction that will keep me focused."

"I don't know how to take that."

"How about as honest truth? Even if you're as quiet and invisible as air, just your presence is a distraction. But I want you to be here. With me." He said and gave her a squeeze.

"Okay. If you want me here."

"I do." he said as they walked hand in hand.

They walked to the parking lot and got into his old shabby Toyota Corolla. Mark placed Lisa's luggage in the trunk and they both got in.

"So, if your place is as small as you said it was, will there be enough room for both of us?"

Mark thought about it for a second then said, "It'll be cozy, but it's bigger than your dorm room."

"A closet is bigger than my dorm room."

"It'll be fine. Most of the time, you'll have the place all to yourself."

Lisa didn't offer a response to the last statement, but she heard what was said. They were words that made her question the very reason to why she was even here. She accepted the fact that Mark was in grad school and that their time together would be limited during the day. Still, she thought, if they weren't going to see each other very much, her purpose of being here seemed unnecessary.

"Here we are." Mark said parking on the street.

"Where?" 

"Home. It's the apartment above that little café."

"Café? You live above a café?"

"I know. I wasn't too keen on the idea at first, but it's turned out to be very convenient to stop by for a cup of coffee in the mornings and stuff."

"Yeah, but the noise? The privacy?"

"Oh, actually it's never bothered me. Come on. You'll love it." he said and grabbed the luggage out of the car.

Lisa exited the car and followed him toward the apartment and muttered, "It doesn't bother you because you're never there."

Lisa looked in the café and saw it filled with college students chatting and studying filling all the chairs the place had to offer. Even the three outside tables were used with books and laptops on them huddled around by clamoring students. She made a point to look at the store hours posted on the glass door next to a help wanted sign. The hours showed 6:30 am to 1:00 am every day. Lisa sighed and walked up the steps to the apartment.

Mark opened the door and placed the luggage down by the door and waited for Lisa. As she stepped in, Mark wrapped his arm around her and gave her a squeeze.

"Welcome home sweetheart." he said with a smile.

Lisa's face was expressionless as she sized up the apartment. It was a small studio apartment with no dining room or bedroom. A small kitchenette replaced the kitchen and the only door was for a small bathroom with only a shower stall in place of a tub. It was obvious that Mark tidied the place up for her arrival, but cluttered heaps were stacked haphazardly to create an illusion of space and cleanliness. A full sized bed sat against one wall, which doubled as a sofa for the small tube television sitting on the opposing wall. Last but not least, Lisa noticed the chattering din coming from below. The chatty clamor from the café was diminished through the floor, but only slightly and unlike a constant white noise buzz or hum, the chatter was random and sometimes loud. Lisa could even make out conversations clearly with a bit of concentration.

"Home sweet home." Lisa said with a wry smile.

"You're welcome to do whatever you like to the place if you want." he said then glanced at his watch. "I know it's rude of me to leave you alone right now, but I've gotta meet my study group. We've got a midterm coming up in a few days." Mark said with a slightly pained expression.

"Oh. Okay." Lisa said without giving it much thought.

"I'll see you tonight. We'll have dinner and we can catch up and everything." he said and gave her a kiss on the cheek before dashing out of the apartment.

Lisa sighed and looked over at her luggage bags and wondered if there was any room for her to unpack. She sat on the edge of the bed and heard the springs squeak under her weight. The apartment was small and it was a mess and with Mark gone, Lisa didn't know what to do in the college town she didn't know.

It wasn't until 8:30 in the evening when Mark returned to the apartment. He looked around and took a step back in astonishment.

"Whoa. You cleaned." he said.

"Yeah."

"I mean cleaned cleaned."

"Don't worry. I didn't throw any important papers away. There all stack up on top of your bookshelf." Lisa said pointing over at the neat stack of papers under a book.

The entire apartment was organized and with all the cluttered mess arranged properly in its place. Books were stacked neatly in the bookshelves along with any school related notebooks, paper and such. Mark's clothes were all folded and hung in the wall cabinets and the closet. The kitchenette was cleaned and rearranged with the dishes all packed tightly into the bottom cabinets. The refrigerator was gutted of its doggy bag leftovers and expired juice and milk. There was a foldable table laid out with Mark's laptop set at the corner. The last thing was Lisa's luggage propped up in the corner of the apartment still packed as she couldn't find any space for her own things.

"So let me give you a quick tour." Lisa said, "We're in the living slash bed room. There's the kitchen. There's the bathroom. And there is the study slash dining room." She said pointing out each location.

"I love what you've done to the place."

"Yeah well, I was bored."

"Did you eat anything?"

"I would've if there was something to eat."

"Oh, I'm sorry. You must be starving."

"Yeah."

"Come on. I know this place." Mark said and took her hand and walked her out of the apartment.

They walked down a few blocks and went into Julio's Pizza. It was dark for an intimate mood adding some privacy from the other tables and booths, but more so to keep the college study groups out. The two were seated in a booth in the corner and Mark had a smile on his face while Lisa was expressionless.

"I've never been here before. I've always wanted to though and now that you're here, it seems like the perfect reason to come." he said.

"So how was the study group?"

Mark made a tired sigh, "Tough. Law isn't black and white. It's not about right and wrong like you'd think. It's all gray and all about interpretation. It's not like studying a math problem, it's more like 'why did the chicken cross the road?' kinda stuff."

"To get to the other side." Lisa said.

"I wish it would be that simple."

"Isn't it?"

"Well, that's not our job. It's all about the interpretation and stuff. Nevermind that for now. What about you? How's your family?"

"They're fine. Still working."

"And how about you? Have you been missing me?"

"I was at first. Then you stopped writing and calling."

Mark dropped his head and rubbed his brow, "I know. I'm sorry. It's just with school, I've been so busy."

"I understand." Lisa said not with gentle consideration, but matter of factly. "I know you're busy over here and I had to study as well."

"You didn't need to go to college. Once I'm done here, you won't have to work anymore."

"That sounds nice Mark, but I'm not looking that far in the future. What am I supposed to do while I wait for you to graduate?"

"You could stay here with me?"

"You know I've been thinking about that since I got here. With you busy with school attending lectures and studying, what do you want me to do?" Lisa said leaning forward on the table.

"You don't have to do anything. I mean I'm not expecting you to go out of your way for me." Mark said with a shrug.

"But I've already gone out of my way for you by being here, haven't I?"

Mark dropped his head again and brushed his hair back, "Let's not get into a heated discussion just yet. Come on. Let's order dinner. You must be starving."

They left the conversation to be picked up at a later time and ate dinner quietly. That evening they returned to the apartment hearing the chatter coming through the floorboards as Lisa changed her clothes in the corner of the apartment and saw Mark sitting at the table scattering his notes and books in front of him. She changed with her face toward the wall and Mark watched her intently.

Lisa pulled off her olive green shirt revealing her pure white bra underneath along with a silver heart pendant around her neck. She knelt down rummaging through her suitcase and pulled out a long pink night shirt which she slinked on her body with a smooth and elegant grace. She unbuttoned her shorts and slid them off her long legs and folded them before placing it on top of her suitcase. She stood up and turned to look at Mark, who ducked his head back down toward his books before she noticed.

She walked passed him and laid on the squeaky bed mindlessly watching whatever was on TV.

"You know it has been about half year since we last saw each other." Mark said.

"Uh-huh."

"I know you just arrived today so I'd understand, but if you're up to it-"

"Are you sure you have the time?" Lisa said acting innocent.

"I'll make time if I have to." Mark said and sat down on the bed next to Lisa.

They began kissing, holding and touching each other's bodies letting themselves get into the moment. Mark took her body in his arms bringing Lisa's back onto the bed with a squeak. He kissed her passionately on the lips reaching up under her shirt feeling the white bra he had just seen a moment ago. Mark shifted his body to position himself with Lisa's making the bed squeak with every vibration and movement they made. Other than the squeaky springs, Lisa heard the din from down below.

Robyn gently pushed Mark off her lips, "Mark, I can't. I'm sorry."

"What is it?"

"It's not you. It's this place. This squeaky bed. The people downstairs. I can't."

Mark sighed, "I can't tell the people downstairs to leave, now can I?"

"I just can't. Everything is too distracting."

"Okay fine." Mark said and went back to his books.

Lisa said nothing but sat up and looked at Mark with a stern look. She walked over and knelt down by his chair and began undoing his pants.

"I thought you weren't comfortable?"

"I'm not. But you don't have to suffer because of me." she said and pulled his pants down below the knees.

She took his semi-erect cock in her hand and began jacking it up and down letting grow firm and stiff. Lisa bent down and put the head into her mouth slowly taking his cock deeper down her throat.

"Oh Lisa. It's been so long!" Mark said stroking Lisa's blonde hair off her face.

She bobbed her head up and down his cock gripping the base with a firm grasp. Mark relaxed his body feeling her warm tongue gliding up and down the bottom of his shaft and up to the tip of his head. His breathing grew slow but deep as Lisa stroked his shaft vigorously.

He pushed her head down into her cock making her take more of it into her mouth. She sucked him hard driving the blood to rush to the top the head.

"Unnnnggghhh..." he moaned.

Lisa made a loud slurp as her lips came off his cock. She pumped faster and tighter knowing he was close to coming. She cradled his sack with her other hand and stroked the sensitive skin flicking the tip of her tongue against the bottom of his head.

"Ohhhh...." Mark breathed out shooting is sticky load on to Lisa's face.

Lisa released her tight grip and felt his cock spasm from each passing orgasmic wave. She gently released him and walked over to the bathroom without saying a word. She washed the come off her face and walked back into the living room and saw Mark had pulled up his pants and resumed his studying. He looked up at her and smiled.
