 Author's notes: To my small group of loyal fans, I am sorry it took so long for this installment. These chapters become larger than expected and I lose track of time. Instead of having you wait even longer, I've broken it apart so I can continue with less pressure. As always, my sincere thanks for your continued interest.

XOXO

Cymoril. 

*****

Friday was uneventful for Lisa. She had no scheduled interviews to attend, but what disappointed her more was that she did not receive a single call back from any of her previous interviews. She knew every company has their own timetable and only a couple of days had passed, but she hoped to hear back from someone nonetheless. Perhaps, it was only wishful thinking on her part, but she thought her last interview had fared better than expected. That was her interpretation though and could only guess what the smiling faces said to each other after she left.

"If only I had the money to go on vacation." she said.

Most of her college acquaintances in her graduating class did just that. One took the time to sail the Caribbean islands, while another went to visit relatives in England. She was envious of the opportunities they had, but knew she was just sulking over nothing even though the time off from job hunting looked extremely appealing.

Robyn's Friday was relatively uneventful as well. She instructed her classes with her usual perky and energetic attitude. She gave her personal instructions with her usual inviting smile and her motivating positive reinforcements and she brushed off the ogle eyes and snarky come ons with a pleasant laugh. All in a normal day for the short and busty trainer other than her phone chiming and buzzing in her office throughout the day.

Tash texted her constantly with messages like, "Great time last night. How 'bout you and me tonight?" and other reiterations of the same theme.

Each time Robyn stepped in to her office and saw, there were 4 or 5 messages waiting for her, which put a smile on her face. Other messages were much more direct like, "Eat my cunt!" "You want to, so fuck me!" "Taste me! Yum! "

Robyn thought Tash must be super horny at work to send all of these texts and that brought back memories of how she felt about Tash.

"Now you know how it feels, girlfriend." Robyn thought with a smile.

Mindy knocked on the door and entered quickly sitting down in front of Robyn.

"So, are you coming tonight?"

"Coming? Oh. I don't know." Robyn said.

"Why not? Why are you so flaky? Are you seeing somebody that we don't know about?"

"No." Robyn said protesting, "I have no plans tonight."

"Well then, be part of the gang again and come."

"Is everybody going to be there?"

"Yeah."

"Tash? Is Tash going to be there?"

"She always is."

"And what about Emilio? Did you call him?"

"Oh no." Mindy said shaking her head, "Not yet. I wanted to talk to Tash face to face first just to make sure. So come. You're not doing anything and I hate to be the only uncoupled one all these times."

"Well, Tash is uncoupled now."

"Yeah, but she's just coming out of a relationship so she doesn't really count yet. Come on. It's always more fun with you there anyway."

"Okay. Okay. I'll be there." Robyn said.

"Great! I'll be upset if you don't show up." Mindy said rising from her seat.

"I'll come. Don't worry." she said and waved her hand shooing her out of the office.

"Okay. I'll see you there." Mindy said and left.

Robyn picked up her phone again and sent a text over to Tash.

"Gonna hang out with the gang tonight. U coming?" the message said.

It wasn't too long until the reply came back saying, "Hell, yes!" which made Robyn smile again. 

She finished up for the day updating and reviewing her calendar. She made sure her weekend was clear as her plans with Lisa were set in stone. She closed out her computer and said her goodbyes only to get another reassuring question from Mindy before leaving. 

Robyn put on her black warm up jacket and began jogging home. She saw the sandwich board displaying the specials at Katie's café, which made her hungry. She debated whether to go in or not knowing she was hungry, but at the same time didn't want Katie to have any expectations.

Her pace slowed as she approached the café still thinking what she should do when she saw Katie come out of the door. She looked at Robyn for a moment then looked at her again to make sure.

"Hey! Hi." she said with a joyful smile.

Robyn pulled up and stopped with a smile. Katie was dressed in the usual white top and black pants with the black apron covering her. Her hair was tied back tight as usual, but she looked more attractive than usual. "Was it her skin?" she thought. It looked a bit more tanned and radiate than normal.

"Hey Kat." Robyn said with a smile, "You look different."

"Is it the lipstick?"

Her lips were a dark red and along with her dark eyes, made her skin pop out with a lovely radiance.

"That's it. I didn't even notice."

"You like it?"

"It looks good."

"Thanks. So are you coming in? I'll make something for you." Katie said practically insisting.

"Thanks. I'd like that."

"Okay. Let me just bring this in." Katie said stepping toward the sandwich board.

"Let me give you a hand." Robyn said and they both took a side and carried it into the café.

Robyn noticed there was nobody inside and Katie was closing the shutters to the front. She sighed thinking that Katie was most probably expecting, or at least wanting a quickie.

"It was a slow day today. Fridays usually are." Katie said locking the front, "Go sit down, chica. Please."

Robyn took her usual seat by the counter and Katie quickly hurried back to pour her a cup of iced tea cheerfully setting it in front of her.

"So, what would you like?"

"I don't know. What would you suggest?"

"Oh. Well..." Katie said, "it's not on the menu?" she said shy and unsure.

"I see." Robyn said, "Perhaps that's for something a bit later. What would you suggest for dinner?"

"Oh...umm...whatever you like." she said blushing with a smile.

"I know I'm hungry. Just make me anything that's easy for you."

"Okay."

Katie went back to the grill and laid a slice of beef down which began to sizzle immediately. She prepared the food while glancing back at Robyn from time to time. When their eyes meet, she couldn't help but smile and looked away shyly.

She continued preparing the food for Robyn knowing her eyes might be upon her. It felt a bit uncomfortable in a good sort of way, like driving a newly bought car for the first time.

"She's such a good person." Katie thought, "And she satisfies me so much."

"Hey." Robyn said from counter, "What are you smiling about?"

Katie's head was tilted to the side with her body leaning her weight on her right leg with her left foot propped up on the toes rocking back and forth on the floor. With the smile on her face and the distant look in her eyes, it was clear her mind was someplace else.

"Nada. Just thinking about last night." she said.

"You mean at Tash's place or your own?"

Katie looked over at Robyn and giggled before turning her attention back to the griddle.

"So how many more times did you get off?"

She laughed shy and embarrassed and said, "Two?"

"Oh, I see. So that's why my ears were ringing last night. You were stuffing yourself with a dildo all night."

"No, it wasn't a dildo."

"No? Just stroking your pussy, huh?"

"No. It was..." she said and looked at Robyn and turned away quickly, "it was something...different."

"What was it?"

"Well...I don't want you to think I'm a freak."

"Freaky is a good thing. I like freaky." Robyn said feeling her curiosity piquing.

Katie quickly plated the food from the griddle on to the plates and quickly strode over to the counter.

"Hey. Dinner is ready, chica. I hope you don't mind if I join you."

Katie brought two plates of sizzling carne asada with beans and rice and set one in front of Robyn. Robyn glanced down and the savory aroma of the cooked beef enticed her taste buds. They sat across from each other eating engaged in polite conversation of the day. 

Robyn finished her plate being hungrier than she thought while Katie's plate was a little more than half done. 

"That was good. Thank you." Robyn said.

"I'm glad. I hope you'll stop by more often. You know I enjoy your company."

"As long as I make you come, right?" Robyn said with a smile.

"No. I mean, I would love to, but I'm not going to make you if you don't want to. I'm happy just to see you, you know? There is no obligation at all."

"I like seeing you too and of course I'll stop by from time to time, but I don't want to wear out my welcome."

"There's nothing to wear out. I like it when you come in. I like cooking for you. I don't mind at all."

"You're too kind, Kat. Thanks. Maybe I'll stop by more often, but not every day."

"Sure. Anytime is good."

"So what did you think of Tash?"

"Oh. She's nice."

"Yeah. And smoking hot sexy." Robyn said with a distant gaze.

"Were you two...together?"

"No." Robyn shook her head, "But I wanted to be back then. We hung out a lot with our other friends including her now ex-boyfriend. Oh, I wanted to tell her and be with her, but I couldn't."

"So last night was special for you too." Katie said.

"Oh yeah."

"So what happened? She likes girls now?"

"She says she's 'curious'." Robyn said with a laugh, "Now she tells me she knew I had the hots for her and wanted to test her curiosity on me."

"So she's only curious?" Katie said.

"You were there last night. What do you think?"

"She..." Katie said thinking about last night and grinned, "She liked it. I don't think she's just curious anymore."

"And what about you?"

Katie smiled and shook her head, "I...The night you came in, when I saw you? I don't know why, but...I wanted to have sex with you. It's like I knew you liked women."

"You felt that? For real?"

"Uh-huh. I don't know why, but I'm glad." she said then sighed gazing towards the restroom with a smile, "You teased me and stripped me than ate my pussy in the bathroom that night."

"I still remember your loud moaning filling the whole room." Robyn said.

Katie bashfully smiled and looked down at the center of the dining room, "And that's where you took me and fucked me."

Robyn slid off the bar stool and walked around the counter and grabbed Katie by the arm and tugged her along with her.

"I wasn't planning this tonight, but you made me do it." Robyn said.

"Hey. Where are you taking me?" Katie said only mildly protesting.

Robyn pulled her into the ladies room and gave her a controlled but forceful push against the bathroom stall. Katie smiled pleased at knowing what was about to happen. Robyn reached into Katie's hair and found the band holding her hair back and tugged it off. Katie felt her hair being yanked, but bore it until the band came off and let Robyn run her fingers through her locks.

"I wished you would've come over last night." Katie said.

"Yeah. But that's in the past now. Let's just enjoy our time right now."

"You're gonna fuck me." Katie said with a big smile.

"I don't think anybody would mind. Do you?" she said unbuttoning Katie's blouse.

"No."

Robyn leaned in and kissed her on the mouth and they both smiled and laughed together with their mouths still touching. Robyn unbuckled and unbuttoned Katie's pants and opened her shirt to reveal Katie's white laced bra.

"Sexy little coffee shop girl." Robyn said.

"You like it?"

"Uh-huh."

Robyn took Katie's breasts in her hands and fondled them feeling the lacy texture in her hands. She squeezed them until her fingers gently pinched down on her nipples making Katie exhale a slow breath.

"That feels so good." she said as Robyn's fingers pinched down on her nipples seemingly causing the blood to rush into her clitoris.

"So would you like to see her again?"

Katie shrugged with a smile, "I wouldn't mind."

Robyn turned Katie around holding her body close against her own. She peeled Katie's bra off her nipples and twirled them between her fingers.

"Do you think she's pretty?" Robyn said breathing her hot breath into Katie's ear.

"Uh-huh." she said with her eyes closed.

"Do you think she has a sexy body?"

"U-Uh-huh."

"Do you like her nasty little tongue licking your clit?"

"Y-yeah." 

Robyn dragged one of her hands down Katie's body and slipped inside her panties to feel the wetness awaiting making Katie give out a hot and breathy sigh. Robyn found Katie's engorged clitoris with little effort and worked it gently. Katie had a pained expression on her face as her jaw dropped with a silent moan.

"She liked playing with your hard clit and tasting your sweet pink cunt." Robyn whispered and chewed on Katie's ear.

Katie placed her hands over Robyn's clutching them tight like a rollercoaster's lap bar. She let out little moans of pleasure and Robyn could feel Katie's body tightening up and trembling in excitement.

"Yeah. She'll fuck you and fill your cunt and get your ass wet and slick to fuck your tight little hole until you feel it deep down into your throat."

"Oooohhhhhh..." she moaned then took in a shuddery breath.

Katie let loose an orgasm that echoed against the ceramic tile. Her knees buckled and her body fell against Robyn as she held her up grasping her slippery cunt. Robyn felt her own nipples hard and aroused as they rubbed against Katie's back.

Slowly, Katie was able to overcome her weak knees and stand on her own even with Robyn still stroking her gently with her soaked hand. Her face was washed with tingling warmth as she turned to face Robyn with a smile. She hugged Robyn with a loving squeeze and an elated sigh.

"Did you like that pussy Kat?" Robyn said.

Katie laughed and squeezed Robyn tighter feeling the tingles of joy throughout her body. She let out a long calming breath and relaxed her grip around Robyn's body to face her. She smiled and let her hands fall down to Robyn's hips where one hand slipped behind her to grope one of her cheeks and the other found its way to her crotch gliding up and down against her pussy.

"You know, we can finish this at my place?" Katie said.

"I don't think my pussy can wait that long."

Katie slipped her hand into Robyn's stretched leggings and brushed her hand across Robyn's tight and hard clitoris making Robyn shudder slightly.

"You're already ready."

"Then what are you waiting for? You know what to do." She said and pushed Katie's head down.

Katie smiled and got down onto her knees. She tugged Robyn's leggings off of her hips peeling them down to her thighs. She saw Robyn's black lace thong panties covering her pussy.

"You're sexy even when you're working out." Katie said with a giggle.

"You never know when a pretty girl might want to fuck you in the ladies room."

"I'll fuck you anywhere you want, chica." Katie said and exposed Robyn's pussy to the cool air.

Robyn felt the chill of the air against her pink moistened flesh only to be warmed by Katie's breath and then her lips and tongue and mouth. Robyn shuddered feeling her knees buckled and let out a soft moan. She placed her hands on Katie's head for balance and closed her eyes feeling Katie's tongue gliding over her clitoris. She moaned with a labored breath and her knees dipped lower only to be supported against Katie's head. She felt Katie's fingers feeling and rubbing up against her tight hole and felt her pushing a finger up and into her ass.

The orgasm was approaching the peak already and Robyn let the sensation engulf her body. Her muscles relaxed and her eyes rolled up. The only strength she was using was standing and balancing. Her head fell back and Robyn sung out her pleasure.

"AAAaaaaaaaaauuugggghhhhhhhhhhhhhhh..."

Robyn's body was wracked with orgasmic pulses as she tried to regain her balance and strength in her legs. She looked down at Katie smiling back at her with her mouth glistening with her smeared pussy juices. She reached down and pulled her up to her and kissed her deep and passionately. They kissed with each other's tongues in their mouths groping and fondling each other's bodies.

The place didn't matter. The time didn't matter. Even the person didn't matter. Only the moment, the feeling, the sex mattered and the feeling was mutual.

"Ohhh..." Katie sighed in blissful delight.

Robyn walked Katie against the bathroom wall and leaned in against her. She lowered her hand and found her pussy on her fingers and felt them growing wet. She pulled off Katie's mouth snapping a string of spittle between their lips and place her other hand on Katie's warm and delicate neck. Katie immediately reached up and was about to grab Robyn's wrist, but she looked into her eyes and lowered them down.

Katie knew what Robyn was thinking and gave her a determined nod. Robyn's hand was now completely drenched and began stroking Katie's clitoris. Katie closed her eyes and breathed out gently when Robyn tightened her grip on Katie's neck. Her eyes popped back open and breathed in a gulp of air down her constricted throat. Robyn leaned down and took one of Katie's big and dark nipples into her mouth while still looking directly at Katie's face.

"AAuugg...Hhuuhh...AAuugghh..." Katie said with stifling moans.

She leaned her head against the wall with her eyes open, but looking at nothing. She felt the sensations coming from her clitoris and her tits like fireworks bursting all over the night sky. She also felt the diminished air not reaching her head. It made her ears feel hot and felt the pins and needles sparking in her brain and in front of her eyes, but she didn't feel like she was about to pass out.

Katie's body tingled all over as if she was being showered on all sides by a fine warm mist. She felt her orgasm approaching and just like the other night, she felt it approaching slowly. She heard her heartbeat thumping in her ear and the sensation of pleasure seemed to be spilling over her entire body. She looked down at Robyn and saw her staring back at her with her nipple between her lips.

"Those eyes!" Katie thought, "There so big!"

She stare at Robyn wide eyed admiring how big and round her brown eyes were. How white the whites of her eyes were and how pretty they were looking back at her.

"AAAuuggghh..." Katie moaned.

Her head rocked back against the wall again and her mouth dropped open with her eyes closing. Robyn tightened her grip not letting Katie take a breath. Katie's eyes immediately popped open and felt her orgasm upon her. Her moans were stifled and her body was rigid as a board, but her face was frozen in shocking ecstasy. Robyn's hand began to drip from the discharge from Katie's pussy and she slowly released her grip from her neck.

Katie's jaw quivered and took a deep breath seeing Robyn smiling with her eyes.

"Hhhhuuuhhh...hhaaaaaauugghh...hhhuuugghhh..." 

Katie's body slinked down against the wall until she was down on the floor. Robyn sat down beside her and Katie leaned her head against her. Robyn held up her pussy drenched hand in front of Katie to see.

"You really know how to come, don't you?"

Katie laughed partially ashamed but still feeling wonderful as her orgasm was still coursing through her body. She took a deep breath and sighed feeling her body tingle with joy.

"Let me take you home tonight." Katie said.

Robyn looked at Katie with her head nestled comfortably on against her arm. She didn't look up when she spoke, but just continued her relaxed demeanor. Robyn looked down at their feet and past them seeing the small white tiles cover the floor and up the walls. She realized every session she had with Katie was here at the café except for last night at Tash's and that was a bit out of necessity. Robyn leaned her head down against Katie smelling her clean and fragrant hair.
