 This is the third story about 19-year-old Holly and her Uncle Jack. You could read it alone but reading the other two stories will give you background to the characters. Hope you enjoy. Please send feedback and don't forget to vote. ;-)

_________________________________________________

Holly shivered with anticipation. She was looking forward to her Uncle coming back to the apartment. He had given her something lovely to wear for tonight. Being with her Uncle was so much fun! He made her feel so good when he gave her lessons and played with her body. She loved her Uncle Jack.

Her Uncle had shown her things about her body and his body that Holly had never known anything about. Holly smiled to herself and blushed a little. She loved everything Uncle Jack was teaching her. She loved the feelings and sensations that came from good fucking. She knew it was good because her Uncle had told her and she felt good! Holly frowned a little, once when she had not done as she had been asked her Uncle had spanked her. Holly trusted her Uncle, she loved him and she wanted to please him but she didn't really like the spanking. Though to be honest she been fascinated and amazed at her red bum cheeks and the afterglow. She knew she could talk to her Uncle Jack about how she felt and he would listen. Maybe it was a case of too much, too soon? She wasn't sure. Feeling hungry she dismissed her thoughts about Uncle Jack and wandered into the kitchen looking for food. She fixed a grilled cheese toasty and slowly ate it with a cold glass of milk. It was delicious the cheese had melted to just the right consistency. 

Restless after her late lunch she decided to have a Jacuzzi. Holly stripped off her clothes in the bedroom and wrapped herself in a fluffy towel and went outside onto the veranda. She stepped down into the water; she was soon immersed in swirling hot water. She sighed deeply with pleasure as it bubbled around her. The massaging jets of hot water pulsed against the muscles in her neck and back.

Drowsy with the heat of the water, Holly closed her eyes, 20 minutes or so passed. She heard a slight cough. Holly looked up and saw the tall blonde women she had met earlier, Robin the masseuse. Robin's short blonde bob was tucked behind her ears, her hair looked damp. She was dressed in a sky blue tank top that hugged rounded firm breasts. The curves of her hips were accentuated in low cut white hipster shorts; she had a small white scar on one knee that stood out against her tanned legs.

"Oh hi Holly, I've had a shower and finished unpacking. I saw your Uncle Jack head off to one of the chalets and I thought you might like some company. I brought my portable massage table and some oils. Thought you might like a Hart Lodge Spa treatment."  

"Magic fingers remember!" 

Holly made a conscious effort to be friendly to Robin, remembering how awkward she had been when they first met. "Thanks Robin, that's really nice of you to offer. Thanks so much. I was just about to get out anyway. Can you chuck me that towel on the chair?" 

As Holly stepped out of the Jacuzzi, Robin's eyes lingered on Holly's pert little breasts and her smooth flat stomach, they glided down to the light brown tuft of hair between Holly's thighs. Robin's mouth went a little dry she licked her lips. 

"Um, Holly where shall I set up my massage table? It should be a quiet room, where you can disrobe. I seem to remember Mr. Hart had a couple of guest bedrooms. One had enough room for the table and connected to a bathroom, is that right?" 

Holly wrapped the towel around her. "Yep, it's just through here," padding through to the bedroom, Robin following behind her. 

"Holly you go and rinse off. The water in the Jacuzzi is chlorinated, chemicals you know? Might not be a good combination with the massage oil." Robin heard the shower turn on and a few minutes later turn off. After setting up the massage table, she knocked and opened the bathroom door. Robin wanted to get a bowl of hot water to put a bottle of massage oil in. She liked to use warm oil. 

Walking into the bathroom, Robin saw Holly was perched at the side of the bath rubbing shaving foam into her pussy hair. Razor held aloft in one hand. Startled she looked up. "Robin what are you doing in here?" 

"Holly what are you doing?" 

"Well, I just rinsed off in the shower, then I looked in the mirror and saw a few stray hairs and decided to trim my pussy." 

"Well I can do that for you. Her light blue eyes fixed on Holly's... if you like?" 

Wide-eyed, Holly looked up at Robin. 

"Holly, I do spa treatments as well massage. I took a training course so that I can do waxing and trimming. Ummmh, one treatment, I do is called a Brazilian Wax. That's when you leave a really thin strip of hair down the middle of your pussy but every other stray hair is removed. It makes it easier to wear thong bikinis that show nearly everything. So you see Holly trimming the ladies, including their private parts is a perk of the job and I do a very good job." 

Robin laughed, wiggling her eyebrows. 

Holly looked a little puzzled, not exactly sure why Robin was laughing. Pausing slightly she shrugged her shoulders. If this was part of Robin's job then maybe she should let her shave her pussy. She stretched out her arm and handed Robin the safety razor.

Holly spread her legs slightly and braced her bottom against the edge of the bath and pulled her pussy lips up slightly. 

"Ok, Robin, do you see the stray hairs?" 

Robin knelt in front of her. "Holly have you ever had a bare pussy?" 

"No I haven't won't it get awfully itchy?"

"Oh no, if you shave it nice and close and keep shaving your pussy it shouldn't itch at all. Would you like a nude pussy, Holly? I'll make sure that your pussy lips are shaved clean and bare. I have a slightly different method of giving a close shave. I'll show you."

After laying a towel on the massage table and running some hot water in the sink, Robin soaked a cloth. She then slowly wiped the shaving foam off Holly's pussy hair and lips with the wet warm cloth. Holly's pussy felt so soft underneath her hand. Robin would have been delighted to continue but didn't want to alarm young Holly.

"Holly will you go and lie on the massage table?" Running another fluffy facecloth under hot water, she followed Holly through to the bedroom a few minutes later. In an authoritative tone of voice Robin instructed Holly. "Bend your knees for me Holly, ok, now spread your legs just a bit? I'm going to apply this warm cloth now," as she placed it on Holly's outer pussy lips. 

"See Holly, the cloth will soften the hair follicles and if I use this warm massage oil instead of shaving cream you'll get a really close shave." Robin continued to talk as she coated one hand with massage oil. "The oil is good for the skin. I need to apply the oil liberally and make sure that the hair is well coated. We don't want you to get any chafing." 

Robin rubbed Holly's little pussy lips with her oily hand. Robin wanted to do more than just give her a massage. Holly seemed so innocent. Robin loved innocent young girls. She grinned to herself; actually she loved all types of girls. Robin was strictly all girl action. Holly's pert little breasts and rosy nipples were just what a girl like Robin loved to suck. 

Robin felt wet between her legs. She so wanted put her tongue into this girl's cleft. She grinned widely, enjoying the feeling of Holly's slippery oily pussy under her hand and Holly's responses to what she did. 

Holly's breathing changed and her eyes closed and her fingers moved over her body idly stroking her breasts, her nipples jutting out. Robin smiled looking down at Holly. As she shaved the glistening outer lips, her mouth formed into a small circle, as she concentrated on what she was doing. 

"Please widened your legs a bit more Holly." 

Robin nudged Holly's legs with her shoulder. Holly could feel the downward strokes of the razor on her mons. Robin parted the outer lips slightly, to catch a few hairs. The glistening bud of Holly's clit inside the pink wet inner lips lay exposed. She gently touched it with her finger. Holly jumped a little and moaned with pleasure. 

"Uuuhh". 

"Oh sorry, I was just trying to get the stray hairs Holly." 

Robin continued to gently scrape the razor against the oily lips. Holly felt very aroused by Robin's ministrations she could feel Robin's breathe on her pussy. It was making her clit throb and tingle and her cunt felt hot and swollen. She wiggled slightly... did all of Robin's clients feel like this? 

"Nearly finished Holly. I'm just going to remove some of the oil and a few shaved hairs. Open your legs wider please."

Holly spread her legs as wide as she could and Robin took a clean, warm, wet cloth and rubbed Holly's open pussy lips, Putting the cloth over one finger, she ran it down the folds of the inner lips and gently rubbed her cloth covered finger over Holly's throbbing clit. Down over her wet passage and onto massage Holly's rosebud anus. Holly was too keyed up to want to question what Robin was doing. Her hips moved with the motion of Robin's hand. Holly's breathing became rapid her face flushed.

"Well it's looks like I caught all the stray hairs." Casting aside the cloth, Robin applied more warm massage oil to her hands and then started to rub Holly's shoulders and neck she lightly skimmed her breasts and jutting nipples with her fingers. Holly moaned again.

Breathing softly on Holly's neck, Robin whispered into Holly's ear. "Turn over Holly and I'll finish your massage." 

Applying more oil to her hands, Robin made purposeful massaging movements over the muscles in Holly's neck, shoulders and upper arms and then moved down to her lower back. Holly's pussy was soaking wet and glistening with her moisture and the massage oil. Robin's fingers went lower and lower down her body. It felt like achingly slow torture to Holly. 

Robin was struck by the rounded perfection of Holly's bum and the narrow waist and smooth skin of Holly's young body. Applying a bit more oil to her fingers and hands she reached the lower base of Holly's back and began to massage her buttocks. 

Holly, turned her head slightly, she looked a bit dazed, slightly puzzled. "Do you always massage the bum too? " 

"No, not always but it feels good doesn't it?" 

"Oh yes", sighed Holly. 

Robin pulled and massaged the firm cheeks. Delving close to Holly's pink nude pussy lips. "Holly widened your legs it will be easier to massage your inner thighs if you do." 

Bent over Holly, Robin began to gently stroke and massage Holly's inner thighs and press her bottom with firm strokes. Her fingers gently then more firmly pressed the outer pussy lips. Holly spread her legs wider. Robin smiled, this little girl was making her so wet. Robin's nipples were tingling and hard, jutting out and rubbing the material of her top. The cleft between her legs was slick with her juices. 

Using her knuckles Robin rubbed Holly's inner lips and pressed and rubbed her clit. 

Holly squirmed and moaned. 

"Oh Robin that feels really good, but I don't think this is right? Is it? Two girls like this."

"Holly do you like what I am doing?" Robin continued massaging, her fingers unfurling inside Holly's sweet pussy. "Sugar you are so wet, I bet your pussy aches, just now. All I'm doing is giving you a massage and making you feel good. Are we hurting anyone?"

Holly bit her lip, slightly distracted. She thought about her Uncle Jack. He had said that she shouldn't be ashamed of the sensations she felt. The massage, Robin was giving her was she was making her feel so...Holly decided that she would tell her Uncle Jack about this. He had taught her so much and given her so much. Robin continued to stroke making circular massaging motions, rubbing Holly's swollen little clit. 

"Robin your right this is good and it feels wonderful and my pussy does ache." Holly groaned. 

Robin felt confident that she could move a step further with Holly. "Turn over again Holly." 

Holly turned over and looked up as Robin slipped out of her tank top. She gazed at Robin's rounded apple shaped breasts. The areolas were pinky brown in colour. The nipples sat high on Robin's firm breasts like little pink gumdrops. 

"Sit up Holly. See how different my breasts are to yours?" Robin pulled Holly into a sitting position and swung her legs around until they faced each other at the side of the table. She pulled Holly a little closer to her and stroked Holly's pert little breasts, the puffy pink areolas and gently pulled on her rosy jutting nipples. 

Ducking her head, Robin took one nipple in her mouth and gently sucked and squeezed it with her wet lips, licking it with a stiff tongue. Holly groaned. 

"One of the things I love to do is kiss. I want to kiss you, Holly." 

Holly leaned forward her arms encircled Robin's waist. Her head level with Robin's gumdrop nipples. Holly tilted her head and Robin plundered her mouth with her tongue. The older woman, the more experienced of the two, took her pleasure with Holly's mouth as she licked and nibbled her lips. 

Robin pulled Holly closer to her. Holly's slick slippery pussy was at the edge of the massage table. Holly opened her legs wider and her hands moved to Robin's waist and she started to stroke Robin's breasts. Robin slipped one finger inside Holly's nude pussy lips and massaged her clit then she plunged two fingers inside Holly's wet passage and stroked in and out. Robin's thumb massaged the bud of Holly's clitoris.

Holly fingered Robin's gumdrop nipples; lightly squeezing and increasing the pressure until Robin moaned into Holly's mouth. Emboldened by the reaction Holly reached down and brushed her fingers against Robin's moist delta. She could feel Robin's heat and wetness through the material of her shorts. Holly hooked her thumbs over the waist and slid the shorts down over Robin's hips to her lower thighs, exposing Robin's nude wet pussy. Robin wiggled and her shorts dropped to her floor. 

Robin parted her legs groaning with desire. "Holly feel my pussy, stroke my clit, sugar."

Holly pressed her hand firmly against Robin's glistening lips with her hand and massaged, two fingers slid into Robin's dripping wet cleft. Holly slid her fingers from the clitoris to the tight little opening of Robin's anus feeling Robin's wetness then back again pressing and massaging her clit. With two fingers she slid into Robin's dripping passage and began to move her fingers in long strokes as Robin's mouth ground down on hers kissing Holly with wild abandon. 

The touch of soft skin on soft skin, felt oh so different to Holly. The two of them slick with the oil on Holly's body and Robin's hands, making them slip against each other, as they moved their fingers inside the other. The heat built between the two. Nerve endings stretched building to a sweet, sweet, release.

Holly moaned and pressed her clit and soaking wet pussy hard against Robin's fingers Holly was half delirious with the sensations she was experiencing. She started to thrust, pushing against Robin's long fingers. Robin added another finger and thrust three fingers inside Holly's slippery passage. 

Holly's wet pussy hole pulsed and tightened around Robin fingers. Holly came in a torrent. Her slick little body, juddering. Soft skin pressed against soft skin. "Oh Robin, that feels so good, so good. I like this. Oh god, god, oh, oh, ohhhhhhhhhh."

Robin groaning, "Oh you feel so sweet, your little pussy is so wet under my fingers." 

Robin followed her over the brink. "Oh Holly, that's good, yes. Oh, fuck me with your fingers Holly. Oh, Oh, Oh, rub my clit," groaned Robin. With plunging strokes and rubbing Robin's nub with her thumb, Holly took Robin over the edge into orgasm. Robin's legs trembled slightly as she felt the release. She kissed Holly deeply moaning with her release.

Removing her fingers, Robin licked, tasting Holly's pussy juices on her fingers. Ummh you taste so tangy and sweet. Robin stroked Holly and had one last kiss from her soft lips. Holly circled her arms around Robin's waist and gave her a squeeze. 

"That was soo good. Thank you." Holly giggled. "Robin I feel so relaxed, you do have magic fingers." 

Holly loved what she done with Robin. She would tell Uncle Jack about her nude pussy and the massage when he got home. She felt wonderful! 

To be continued.