 I could feel the vibrations in my crotch when she drove up on the Harley. She was tall and lithe wearing blue jeans and a leather jacket with long blond hair tied back in a ponytail. 

Then I saw the gun and badge clipped to her belt.

When she walked up to our table I thought, "Holy shit, she's here to arrest me for letting my shopping cart run into the car next to me." I left a note on the car. Did they really call the police?

"Hey, Billy," she said. "Who's the babe?"

"This is my girlfriend, Robyn," Billy said. "Robyn, this is my sister, Jenn. Sit down, Jenn, and have a beer with us."

When I told Jenn what I was thinking when she walked up she said, "Do you really think the cops would send an undercover officer to arrest you for a run-a-way shopping cart? And on a Harley?"

Jenn sat down and ordered a beer. I couldn't believe how hot she was. She exuded sex.

I've been attracted to girls for as long as I can remember, but have always been afraid to come out as a Lesbian or Bi-Sexual. Besides, there is nothing like a good hard cock buried deep in my twat.

I had a good time at the "fern" bar listening to Billy and Jenn telling stories about each other. It was clear, there was a deep love between them.

As Billy and I were getting ready to leave Billy said, "Jenn, Robyn and I are having a few friends over for burgers and swimming tomorrow. Come over and jump in the pool with us."

"If I can," she said.

---

Billy and I were in the back yard hanging out by the pool with friends from work when Jenn arrived. I don't think she was riding her Harley. I couldn't see her riding a Harley in white linen pants and a grey summer blouse. 

Jenn said, "I'm going to change so I can jump in the pool. How long before the burgers are ready?"

Jenn came out wearing a red "life guard" suit. Damn, she could save my life anytime.

We were in the pool when Jenn swam up to me and said, "I know, first the badge and gun. Now the life guard suit."

She brushed her hand across my breast and said, "I like your bikini. This old nylon life guard suit of mine is great for swimming but it's about as sexy as a burlap bag."

"I think it's hot as hell," I said. "Its high cut legs make it look like a sling for your pussy. Every girl who has ever been in a swimming pool or to the beach has dreamed of wearing one of those 'Bay Watch' suits."

"Oh, come on, you're shittin' me!"

"Serious as a heart attack," I said. "They're hot." 

I went off to take a pee. When I came out of the bathroom I passed Jenn. As she went by she took my hand, pushed me up against the wall and kissed me.

I pushed her away and said, "What are you doing?"

"I'm sorry, I thought..."

Before she could finish her apology I backed her up to the opposite wall and kissed her back.

Second thoughts made me pull back and say, "Billy will see us."

"Oh, Billy knows I'm queer. I hit on every girl he brings home." 

Jenn leaned in and kissed me again. She pushed her hand down the back of my bikini and grabbed my ass.

As we were saying our goodbyes Jenn gave me a hug and said, "Here's my phone number." She slipped a business card with her phone number on it into my bikini bottoms. "Call me if you want to 'Trip the light fantastic'."

"Trip the light fantastic"? What the fuck was that?

---

Billy and I stripped off our swim suits and jumped in the pool bare assed naked when Jenn left. I had my legs wrapped around him with my cunt firmly wrapped around his cock.

"Your sister came on to me today."

Billy laughed and said, "She hits on every girl I bring home."

I looked at him and said, "I kissed a girl and I liked it," alluding to the Katy Perry song. "She left me her phone number." 

"Are you going to stop fucking me?" Billy asked.

"No."

"Well, go for it then," he said. "She could do with a good fuck." 

---

"This is my first time," I told Jenn.

Standing there in Jenn's bedroom, she was gentle as she removed my blouse. Her hands moved down and unbuttoned my shorts. 

My hands were shaking as I helped her off with her tee shirt. She wasn't wearing a bra which only made my hands shake more. Unbuckling her belt she slid her jeans down her slim thighs.

There we were. I was standing in front of a nearly naked woman and I didn't know what to do next.

Jenn reached around my back and unclasped my bra. Pulling it off me she leaned down and gently took one of my nipples between her lips.

I know it sounds like something out of "Gone With The Wind", but I swooned. Jenn had to help me sit down on her bed.

I felt like I was in a dream. I was sitting there on Jenns bed with nothing between her pussy and my mouth but her panties. With shaky hands I pulled them down.

Her pubic hair was trimmed into a small narrow strip above the center of her pussy. I could smell her. 

Jenn pushed me back on her bed and took my panties off. Getting down on her knees at the foot of her bed she spread my thighs apart and slowly with her tongue licked from the bottom of my pussy to my clitoris.

"Oh God, don't stop," I moaned.

Jenn didn't stop until I had cum three or four times. (Eat your heart out guys.)

I pulled Jenn up on the bed so I could return the favor.

She pushed me back and said, "No, today is all about you."

"Get all the way up on the bed and roll over on your stomach. It's massage time."

She started with my feet and legs using a scented massage oil. It smelled faintly of lilac. I was in heaven.

Jenn massaged my ass running her hand up and down my ass crack and occasionally sliding a finger in my asshole.

"Has Billy ever fucked you in the ass?" she asked.

"No."

"What's wrong with that boy? I'll have a talk with him."

Working her way up she massaged my hands and arms and back. "Roll over," she said.

I did as she said. Jenn started the massage all over starting at the feet. When she got to my pussy she said, "Your pubic hair needs a trim. Nothing drastic, just a little clean up so it doesn't look so unruly."

"I like the way yours looks," I said.

"It's called a landing strip," she said. "I have to keep it narrow or I'll have pubes sticking out the side of my swim suit."

Straddling my leg while she was massaging my breasts she was slowly sliding her pussy up and down over my knee. Suddenly she shuddered with a massive orgasm and collapsed on me.

This was easily the best massage I've ever had.

When we recovered from the massage we dressed each other. She let me slide her panties up her slim legs. I leaned over and gave her pussy a small kiss as I pulled the panties up over her hips. I really wanted to see how far I could put my tongue up her cunt.

Jenn pulled my panties up and rubbed my clitoris through the thin satin material.

"One last orgasm before you go," she said as she pulled my panties to the side and pushed two fingers in my pussy.