 I hate Rock, Paper, Scissors. At least when it caused me to have to do something I didn't want to do. It was the tradition my roommates and I utilized to decide- well, everything. In many cases I won and wasn't forced to do whatever task that struck up the game, but tonight wasn't my night. Three rounds and I was on my way to the grocery store to pick up the sweets that the three of us craved so badly. I figured I would park right in front of the entrance since virtually no one would be doing any major shopping at 11:30pm on a Wednesday night. As if on cue, "Wednesday Night" featuring PARTYNEXTDOOR started playing on the radio. I sucked my teeth at the chorus, as admittedly I was lonely on a Wednesday night. I've dated people, and I've satiated whatever sexual needs I had with them, but its been such a long time since I've been with anyone who made any difference in my life. 

With a heavy sigh I stepped out into the night in my Hakuna Matata pajama pants, a college sweater, a beanie, and my fuzzy slippers. Normally I would have been mortified to have been seen by anyone in this attire, but I gave not a single fuck tonight. I was here to pick up a gallon of vanilla ice cream and a few boxes of Oreos, nothing more.

Into the store I trudged, straight down to the unhealthy college student cookies isle and grabbed two large boxes of Oreos, then headed down to retrieve the ice cream. As I make my way down the isle, I realize that someone is standing directly in front of where I need to be. Damn. I walked over to the freezer and waited quietly for the dark haired woman to make her selection then get the hell out of my way, but her indecisiveness took a toll on my patience. I noticed she was between Haagen Dazs and Breyer's, which wasn't much a choice to me.

"I'd go with Haagen Dazs. You don't get as much but its better quality."

I must have scared the living shit out of the woman because she nearly yelped when I spoke. She pulled her head out of the freezer and looked at me, but just as my eyes connected with her I became as frozen as the foods before me. I can't breath. I can't hear. I can't speak. I can't move. At 5 foot 2, I am relatively short. I've got quite tanned skin due to so many years playing both indoor and outdoor sports, but I have those same sports to thank for my body. I'm nowhere near skinny- never was- but I'm mostly made up of muscle. My arms are guns, intimidating to most guys, and my legs are rippled with the result of thousands of squats. Despite the sports however, I've always been rather endowed in the chest area. I can't say I'm not proud of my 32D's. My eyes are a deep brown, only noticeable when I look into the sun (not fun mind you), and my curly shoulder length brown hair is mostly that way because it's easier to pull into a ponytail and keep out of my face. I wouldn't degrade myself to being unattractive, but I felt incomparable to what stood in front of me. There stood a girl- no, woman - so gorgeous I'm surprised the whole fucking isle didn't melt. She was unlike anyone I've ever seen in person and my imagination isn't even flexible enough to come up with something like her in a dream. Her jet black hair was a curtain unveiling lightly tanned skin, only just grazed by the sun. That skin was smooth and untainted by acne or make-up for that matter. Where I did find make-up however, it was totally called for and quite mastered. Black eyeliner and light mascara rimmed the most mesmerizing set of eyes I've ever come by. Her eyes were emerald green, pure and bright. I travel down to her mouth, and find lips of a wonderful size and shape covering teeth bright enough to light a football field. I can't bear to look any more as my need for oxygen becomes apparent, so I train my eyes to the ice cream in her hands.

"I'm sorry, how long were you standing there?" 

Holy shit her voice was velvet.

"Umm, not long. Just waiting patiently." I smiled, but still couldn't bring myself back to her eyes.

"Oh, ok well what were you saying about these?" she weighed the products in her hands.

"Right, ice cream. It's quantity versus quality. Are you planning to share with anyone?"

"Yes, in fact I'm sure he'll eat most of it." Cue depressing violin.

"Alright then in that case you may want quantity, but if you are looking to really enjoy flavors then I'd go with the Germans all the way." 

I use the time she takes to mull over her options to study her again. This time with detail. She was a few inches taller than me, putting her at about 5 foot 6. Her hair was somewhat wavy and tossed in that I-just-ran-my-hand-through-it way. Her eyebrows were equally as dark, but not as thick as I thought they would be. I skip her eyes in hopes that I won't be trapped by them. I find myself noticing her outfit. She's got on a grey V-neck with the sleeves rolled up, some black jeans, and combat boots. Her chest isn't nearly as large as my own, but a fair C cup is my best guess, and her curves again are not as drastic as mine but her shape tells me she's athletic. I rule out any outdoor sports since I can't find a tan line, so I settle on volleyball. The last thing I notice on the inside of her left arm is a tattoo that seems to trail up the rest of her arm and I can't help but wonder where it leads. I hear her make a loud sigh and I take that as my cue to face up as if I wasn't just checking her out. 

"You know, I think I'm going to take your advice and go with the Haagen Dazs." she says as she sidesteps away from the freezer.

"Great, I sure hope you enjoy it." Oh the irony when I reach for the cheap giant tub of ice cream. We both stare at it in my hand then burst into laughter.

"I guess you were shooting more for quantity than quality tonight." she says through giggles.

"With two roommates thats usually the way to go." I smiled back. We had shared an encounter no more than 90 seconds long, but when it came time to part it was almost difficult. We resulted to an awkward "good night" and headed our separate ways... straight down to the checkouts that is. I opted for the self checkout to save time, further embarrassment, and any more stress to my cheeks as I couldn't help but smile whenever I looked in her direction. I beelined for my car, but just as I was hopelessly fumbling for my keys I felt a light tap on my shoulder. I'm thinking I must have dropped something in my haste that someone has come to return, but I'm again awestruck when I turn around and find myself face to face with ice cream girl again.

"Oh, umm hi." I say slightly breathless.

"Hi. I don't want to look like some sort of stalker but, well- I'm new to the area and I've yet to make any friends. You seem like a nice person and, if you don't mind, I'd like to see if we could maybe spend some time together?" she asked tentatively, as if bracing herself for rejection.

My jaw hung on the floor for a while. How could she want anything to do with me? Someone as gorgeous as her surely has friends just as hot. That's just the way the world works. Except here we are.

She's expecting an answer and lord knows I couldn't imagine saying no. I give her what feels like my flirtiest smile ever, and reply "Sure, I'd like that."

"Alright, great. I do realize now that I don't even know your name."

"Dana."

"Dana. Nice and simple, unless that't short for something else."

"Nope, just Dana." I'm still in disbelief when I offer my hand out to her.

"Well its nice to meet you, just Dana." Her hand is warm and smooth in mine. "How about I put my number in your phone?"

"Sure, by all means." After several taps on my screen, she picks up her own phone and answers a call.

"Now I have yours. So, I'll call you? Or text you probably. I'm not sure. I'll see you around though, okay?" she manages to chuckle out.

"Yeah, sure thi-", was all I could say before she whisked away, "Wait! I didn't get your name!" I yell across the parking lot.

"Adrienne!"

"Now I could've sworn you wanted this ice cream just as badly as us, and you were dying to see this movie! What happened to you?"

I couldn't get my mind off her. She was beautiful, and all I wanted to do was get to know her better. It took a stabbing poke to my arm before I woke out of my trance.

"You okay Dana?" I looked up to find my roommate truthfully concerned. He stared into my eyes, searching for an answer. I hated myself for everything I didn't- couldn't- tell him. 

"I'm fine Ezra. Just a little flustered I guess."

"You met someone." a higher voice rang out from my other roommate as she stepped through the sliding doors into the den with us. Alex was maybe 2 inches taller than me with long brown hair. Her eyes were the color of amber, and her nose was pierced on the left with a gold ring. Admittedly sometimes I forgot just how nice her body is. I had always been attracted to Alex, but she always envied my toned body. We began working out four times a week, and within no time she had developed tone muscle throughout her entire body. Once her confidence caught up to her looks she lost most care for covering herself completely, especially at home. Tonight the "V" from her abs was clearly visible due to her extremely low riding silk pajama pants and her perky C cup boobs were sitting high on her chest above the camisole that complemented the pants. Three years ago Alex and I met in a Biology class thanks to her best friend at the time, Christina. Originally I thought Christina was cute so I talked to her first. They were attached at the hip though, so as I got to know Christina I also got to know Alex. Admittedly, I fell in love with her. It wasn't worth me ever telling her though. She was as straight as ever, guys threw themselves at her so she was hardly single, and I truthfully enjoyed her company as just a friend. That's all we will ever be, and I think I'm okay with that. I think. Anyway, after a dramatic scandal between Alex and Christina, Alex and I found great friendship and by the start of the second school year we were roommates. We found a wonderful three story townhouse with 3 bedrooms not far from campus, and we maintained it quite well for 2 and a half years. When we realized that we'd bit off more than we could handle, we agreed we needed another roommate. A guy surely wasn't the first ideal choice we had, but after we got to know him, it turned out he fit better with us than we'd thought. He could cook, clean, throw the best parties, and his sense of fashion dwarfed most others. All these attributes were credited to the fact that he is flaming gay, making him a wonderful gossip partner as well.

"It wasn't like that Alex." I say as she makes her way to the couch I sat on. She sat so close to me that she was practically in my lap, but I didn't mind. We were always affectionate with each other.

"Boy or girl?" Ezra asked, rotating his position on the floor so that he was facing me.

I've known since I was 13 that there was something more than just being a tomboy for me. I dated my first girl in my freshman year of high school, then spent the next two years attempting to cope with the breakup. I dated several guys in the midst of all this, leading me to the conclusion that I am bisexual. It's not an equal split, I lean heavily towards men and care to be in relationships only with them, but there's always this lustful drive towards women that forced me to deviate now and again.

"Girl, a very pretty girl." I fixate my eyes on my lap, hoping to hide the smile that creeps across my face. 

"Ooh so what's her name? How old is she? Where does she-"

"Alexandria I can't even answer all those questions. I just met the girl! Let's just watch some movies for now okay?" I interrupted her, knowing that using her full name would halt her.

The following silence let me know that we were done with the subject for now, but the look on Alex's face said otherwise. I would worry about that later. Ezra turned on the movie and I managed to relax when the first Harry Potter movie began.

I woke up on the couch with Alex laying on top of me in my arms. I wasn't startled in the least as this happened more often than not. She was always warm to the touch, and with her here I didn't even need a blanket. With a quick glance around the room I realized Ezra was nowhere to be found, but the smell of warm bread told me that he was in the kitchen. 

Alex slightly lifted her head. "Good morning." she croaked groggily.

"Good morning sleepyhead." I grinned back.

"Why didn't you wake me up?" she asked as she propped herself up so that she could meet my eyes with her own amber ones. "You could've slept in your own bed."

"Who says I minded you sleeping on me?" 

Before she was able to reply, Ezra came busting in the doors like a cop from the movies. "Wakey wakey bitches! It's 9:30 and time to get moving!" he stopped and stared down at us in our embrace, "I swear Alex you say you're straight but its times like this when I wonder about you." he winked at me then swiftly trotted back to the kitchen before Alex could hurl the nearest object at his head.

We made our way to the kitchen to find Ezra pulling flaky croissants out of the oven.

Breakfast was good that morning.

Thursdays were smooth days for me, with my first and only class that day starting at noon and work starting at 4. It was in the middle of my anatomy lecture when my phone buzzed. I expected it to be Alex or Ezra or even my mom, but when I read the name of the sender I nearly fell out of my chair, causing a few students to glance my direction.

Adrienne finally texted me.

Adrienne: Hey there.

-Hi Adrienne.

Adrienne: How's your day goin?

Better now that you're texting me, but I know I can't say that.

-Not bad. Sitting in anatomy class. 

Adrienne: Anatomy class? You're in school right now?

-Yeah, I'm not a fan of morning classes.

Adrienne: I don't blame you. Busy tomorrow?

-Nope, got something in mind?

Adrienne: I saw a carnival nearby. Thought it looked fun.

I stared at my phone for a while. Was she asking me out? Or asking me to hang out? I need to know.

-So what are you saying?

Adrienne: What do you mean what am I saying?

You gotta be kidding me.

-You're telling me there's a carnival, and you asked if I was free...

Adrienne: I'm asking you to take me. 

Adrienne: To the carnival that is.

Adrienne: Your turf, I figure you could show me around. ;)

-Sounds like a great idea, time?

Adrienne: You tell me.

-Okay, meet me at the Megaloop at 7:30. It's impossible to miss.

Adrienne: Great, see you then.

-Dress comfortably btw, the whole thing is on dirt

Adrienne: gotcha.

I've never been one to hum, but today at work I was skipping around humming Happy like nobody's fucking business. I couldn't wait to get home to pick my outfit, then tell Ezra and Alex.

I unlocked the door and immediately searched for Alex, she usually helped me choose clothes for things like this.

"Ezra!"

"Yeah?" he called back.

"Where's Alex?"

"Shower!"

I headed right for the bathroom and opened the door with no reservations.

"Whoa what the fuck?! Ocupado!!" she shrieked. 

"It's just me." I shut the door behind myself.

"What's so important that it couldn't wait until I got out of the shower?"

"She asked me out Alex."

She peeked from behind the curtain with a shocked expression. "Really? Already?"

"Yeah we're going to the carnival tomorrow. Which is why I need your help, I don't know what to wear."

Alex disappeared behind the curtain, "Well I'll help you once I'm done, fair?"

"Are you okay?"

"Yeah I'm fine. I just hope she's good to you, that's all." Her voice was husky and taut. I knew that tone too well, so I figured I'd let her get back to her original plans there in the shower. I started towards the door but before I could turn the handle I decided differently, locking it instead. Without turning around to face the shower, I began to strip my clothing.

"Dana?" When I didn't answer, she peeked back out from the shower to find me half naked. "Wait what are you doing?"

"To be honest with you, I think this one is different. She's unlike anyone else I've met and I'm actually planning to put some effort into this. If I'm going to be able to do that," I stopped to take off my bra, "we're going to have to stop this."

"It doesn't look much to me like you're stopping right now."

"Well I didn't think cold turkey was going to work too well, not after this long. So how about a parting gift?"

"You mean a parting fuck?" A dirty smile danced across her face.

I stepped into the shower with her. "Sure, if that's what you want to call it."

I pushed her against the wall and started my assault on her neck where I knew she liked it most. As we were already in the shower, I had no reservations about using my tongue, so I licked her up her neck to her ear. This elicited a gasp from her accompanied with her opening her legs a bit for me to slide one of my own between them. I dropped kisses all over her neck and collarbones while she ground her hips into me. My hands slid from her waist to her ass, where I gripped her and lifted her higher into the wall. My hands then trailed to her breasts which were pressed into mine. I squeezed each one and worked my hands towards her already hard nipples. I brought my mouth to each one and used my teeth and tongue to lash them individually. When I knew her nipples could get no harder, I peppered her chest with more kisses, sinking lower and lower towards her center. It appeared she had just shaved herself before I walked in, leaving her legs and lower lips completely smooth. I licked her inner thighs with a rough flat tongue until her hand was in my hair pushing my face where she wanted. I nipped each thigh causing her to shudder both times, then l let her have it. I ambushed her with my tongue, alternating between ice cream licks and pointed ones. I let my nails wander, dragging them wherever I pleased. It wasn't long before she was covering her mouth in hopes of stifling her moans, and when I stuck two fingers into her, her knees almost immediately buckled as if she had been holding out for that one sole thing. I let her crumble into my arms and waited for her to regain her strength to stand.

"How was that for a parting fuck?" I teased. 

"You.. you are... evil." she said between her ragged breaths.

I chuckled and left a chaste kiss to her cheek. I rinsed off quickly and stepped out of the shower. 

"Wait, you don't want...?" her voiced trailed off.

"I'm okay. You were the one who needed it. Now hurry up so you can help me!"

This began a little over a year ago for us. Following nasty breakups for both of us, we retreated into the safety of our home, not leaving for anything other than class and returning just as quickly. We became closer than ever during this time -misery likes company after all- and in one drunken night we went from being friends to being... something else. The sexual frustration built up to boiling point that exploded when we found each others hands in the others pants. We never actually kissed nor slept in the same bed afterwards though, as those were the only hold outs that kept us from completely crossing the line of friendship. Again, I was always attracted to her so my choice to be her friend, to move in with her, and to consistently fuck her until she screamed was relatively easy. When Ezra moved in we made attempts at stopping, but instead it just became a dirty secret between the two of us, and there was almost a sport in keeping it that way. I wanted to go into whatever possible relationship I could have with Adrienne with an open mind and open heart though, and I couldn't do that if I knew I had Alex as my safety net to fall back on. I needed to put myself out there.

A knock on my door startled me, but I relaxed when my eyes settled on a clothed Alex.
