 I didn't know if I should be upset or thankful. My teenage son had wanted only one thing for Christmas, a trip to Bolder, Colorado with his two best friends to go snowboarding. Because they were not 18, they needed a parent to go with them. As my husband was the junior member of his partnership, he needed to work. I on the other hand was middle management and could get the week before Christmas. So, I was elected to drive the 6 hours. Of course the boys wanted to take their own car, leaving me to drive the 300 miles in the truck with the week's worth of supplies for the cabin.

On the upside, I would be spending the next four days in a cabin by myself while the boys snowboarded. On the downside, I would be spending the next four days by myself in a cabin while the boys snowboarded. There would be no cell phone service, no internet, no cable TV. Our son, Jason, had found a cabin which rented at a fraction of the cost of the resort hotel at the slopes. But it was bare bones, very bare.

My husband had suggested that I could spend the day in the resort lounge, and even kidded me about getting picked up by some rich guy with a broken arm. Fat chance! At just over forty, and mother of 3 children, I was not feeling real sexy. My breasts had grown with each pregnancy from a modest "C" to rather pendulous "EE." I had long ago turned the corner into a "full figured" girl, not quite a "BBW" but did not consider myself to be a "MIFL" either. 

The first day, I spent catching up on reading for work and doing a couple of projects I had wanted to finish. But the time seemed to drag slower than slow. I was starting to think that "relaxation" was overrated. It was not taking me any time at all to start to understand the whole concept of "cabin fever."  The boys returned and I had hot chocolate and light snacks ready. I listened to them try and outdo each other with story after story until they decided that only going to bed would get them to the slopes sooner.

I retired to bed. I had toyed with the idea of bringing my favorite dildo to the cabin with me, but at the last minute decided that it would be very embarrassing if anything went wrong and one of the boys found my toy. My husband expected some type of sex nearly every night, if not fucking; he would masturbate or play with my tits or pussy. Sex had become part of my bedtime routine, with him gone and perhaps the most boring day of my married life behind me, I felt anything but sex starved. I wondered what my husband would be doing and with thoughts of his jacking off to some fuck story or internet hottie, I drifted off to sleep, sans sex. 

The next two days went pretty much like the first day. Thursday morning broke with sounds and smells of the boys frying bacon and making coffee. They were anxious to hit the slopes. I was anxious about staying in the cabin. So I decided that I could at least check out the resort. I offered them a ride to the slopes, which they politely accepted. It was not "cool" to have "mom" drop them off, and I guess I knew and accepted that, but I did want to get out of the cabin.

I dropped them off before finding a parking spot near the resort. I had coffee at the café and then found a comfortable chair in which to sit and read. Time passes nearly as slowly in the lounge as it did in the cabin and no sight of any unattached man, maimed or otherwise. People come to ski resorts to ski. And they generally do not come alone. I started to get upset with my husband for letting our son talk us into this "gift."

It was nearly noon, and I treated myself to a meal in the pricy hotel restaurant. It was not in the budget, but with every passing moment I was less and less concerned with the budget and more and more concerned with not dieing from terminal boredom. I left the restaurant and headed out of the hotel with visions of shopping malls dancing in my head. It was then that the small sign advertising the "mid-week" massage special. "Half price" seemed like a good enough deal. I had been working hard. I had driven all the way up to the mountain. I had had a couple of really boring days and I certainly could use a good massage. 

I walked up to the counter. "How much for a massage?" I asked.

"We have several options, it is hard to make a quote, it all depends on what you want. Here is a price list." Replied the desk clerk with an overtone of "if you have to ask, you can not afford it" in her voice. 

I scanned the price list "total body massage, with scented oils." That sounded good, it sounded very good. I had always wondered about the whole "total body" thing. I had enjoyed "therapeutic" massages before but they had always fallen short of a "total body" massage, and I was more than curious. 

"I would like to schedule a massage." I summed up my courage.

"Would you like it today?" Said the rather curt young lady while glancing at her watch.

"Well, I was hoping." I replied.

"It is nearly 1:00 PM now." She said. "And the spa closes at 2:30 PM today." 

"I understand if there is not an opening." I started to turn and leave.

"I didn't say we didn't have an opening. We have a half hour from 2:00 to 2:30." She suggested.

I had wanted an hour massage, but at this point a half would do as well. So I accepted the appointment and decided to watch the skiers for the next hour. The anticipation mounted as my mind raced. I wondered, would it be a male or a female who would apply the scented oil to my "total body." In the past 20 years no other man had touched my shoulders or my back, let alone my "total body." In less than two hours I would know exactly what "total" in the "total body" meant. Little did I know that in two hours I would be more confused than ever.

A few minutes before 2:00 PM the spa paged me and soon I was being shown to a small changing room and given a fluffy gown. The young woman told me to disrobe and that "Sandy" would be right with me. "Sandy," still no clue as to the gender. I was looking for some relaxation, and for some reason I was getting tenser with each passing moment. "Ok, these are professionals, it should not matter, it is like going to the doctor." I kept telling myself, trying to convince myself that it would be ok, whatever "total" meant and whoever was applying the oil.

I was escorted to the candle-lit room with little more than a massage table and smaller table with a CD player. The walls had mirrors on them, as did the ceiling. "Take off the robe and lie down on the table on your stomach; you can place this towel over your bottom." The young blond explained. "Sandy will be right in." 

"Thank you." I said.

She left the room and pulled the door behind her. I dropped the robe trying to avoid the mirrors as I lifted myself atop the table. With some degree of effort I adjusted the towel over my "bottom." There was a soft knock on the door. "Come in." I said softly, half afraid of who might be coming in and how they might react to my less then trim body. The door opened and I looked up to the mirror to see the light from the hallway expose the figure in the doorway. Sandy was a woman somewhat younger than I. 

"Hi, I'm Sandy." She smile and looked down at me. "and you are..."

"Relieved you are not a man" I interruppted, regretting the words almost as soon as they were uttered. "I'm sorry, I'm Rebecca." I said with an anxious tone in my voice.

"Don't worry sweetie, I get that a lot." Sandy said with a softness, that in and of itself relaxed me. "I am afraid that there has been a mistake however. The total body massage takes an hour, and there is only a half hour left."

"Oh, that's ok, I'm good for whatever." I said, not knowing if I was relieved or disappointed. 

She started with my shoulders, her fingers worked like magic. As she massaged by shoulders and my back she chatted. Actually, I chatted and she listened. As I relaxed I unloaded my tale of woe and my dealing with the terminal boredom. 

"Look, I feel bad about this. Did you really want a total body massage?" Sandy asked.

"Well, I have never had one before, so I really don't know." I confessed.

"I would like to make it up to you. I have to leave here at 2:30, but we can finish this up in my room. I have my own table. I normally don't make such offers, but in this case, I will. It sounds like you really need a break today." She smiled warmly and lightly traced her fingertips down my back.

"Well, I don't know what to say, I would not want to impose." I replied.

"Look, I get a little bored myself. I've had a slow day, in fact you were the only appointment this whole afternoon. The snow has been great and everybody is on the slopes." She explained.

"The only appointment!" I thought to myself how the little bitch at the front desk had stabbed me in the back just because I was not a "guest" at the resort.

"Get dressed and I will meet you in the bar in a few minutes."

I quickly dressed and made my way to the lounge bar. Before long Sandy showed up. "Did you order a drink?" She asked.

"I don't normally drink in the afternoon. But, I guess one would not hurt."

I ordered a margarita and Sandy ordered an imported beer. Over the drink she explained that she had been divorced and returned to school and was doing her "massage internship" at the resort. She also explained that the lodge had rules against mingling with "guests" but that since I was not technically a guest, it would be ok for us to spend some time together and relieve each other's boredom.

We decided to go shopping and have supper before finishing the massage. She explained that to do otherwise would be anticlimactic. She insisted that I would sleep much better if she waited until after we shopped and had supper. It seemed reasonable to me, so we took her care to the nearest boutiques, ending at a little lingerie shop. We had looked at jewelry and artwork all day without buying anything. Sandy insisted that we just "had to" buy something. I picked out a long white nightgown. She found a teal teddy. We paid for our purchases and headed for the car. 

It was nearly 5:00 PM when we found a little out of the way restaurant. We enjoyed more conversation over the meal and another drink. I paid for the meal over Sandy's polite objection. She insisted on leaving the tip and we headed for her room at the lodge.

We entered through a side door and she opened the door to reveal two queen beds, a kitchenette and small sitting area. "Come in." She beckoned. As I walked in she suggested that we get more comfortable by changing into our new lingerie and having another drink. "You can change in there if you would be more comfortable." She offered as she pointed to the bathroom door.

I shed my clothes and slipped into the silk nightgown. The smooth material stimulated my sensitive nipples with my every movement. They responded by becoming rock hard, forming clearly visible points through the thin silk. I folded my clothes and tucked my panties and bra between by shirt and jeans, before leaving the room. 

"Wow, you look great!" Sandy said "You can put those there." She said pointing to a chair.

Sandy did not look so bad herself. She was 5'5" and at 130 pounds was not thin, but not fat either, just a normal woman. Her breasts were a full "C" cup, nicely filling out the top of the teal teddy. Her hair was light auburn. 

She opened a couple of Seagram's wine coolers, and we laughed as she told stories about her ex-husband's antics. It was not long before our coolers were gone and we started on the last two of the pack. As we finished our drinks, she said "Are you still up for the massage?"

"Look, you really don't have to, you are off work." I did not want to impose.

"I took massage classes because I really enjoy giving massages." She confessed. "I would love to finish what we started in the spa. If it would make you feel better, I could give you a friendly massage, instead of a professional massage!" She giggled.

"Ok, were is your table?" I quizzed.

"The table is for the professional massage." She said as she stood up and headed for the closest bed. She patted the quilt covering and whispered "This will work fine for just a friendly massage."

I walked towards the bed and she stood to great me. "Let me help you with that." 

She grasped the edge of the gown near my hips and lifted up. I instinctively raised my hands over my head. There was no towel offered to cover my bottom or anything else. As she pulled the gown up over my eyes she got a clear view of my closely cropped brown pussy hair and my breasts. Normally I am very shy and self conscious regarding my body. She had plenty of time to view my large dark brown areolas and still firm pencil thick nipples. 

She turned and pulled down the quilt and top sheet and quickly moved out of my way in an instant. I crawled into the bed, giving her a nice view of my ass as I wiggled into a comfortable position. The bed moved as she knelt on the bed and then positioned herself with one thigh on either side of my body. Her hands rubbed oil on my back. She did my shoulders and back. I felt her fingers work down my sides and stroke the outer edges of my breasts. Strangely, I wanted to lift my torso to allow her fuller access, an impulse I resisted and attributed to the wine coolers. She wiggled her way backwards as she moved first to my ass and then down my legs. As her hands moved on my ass I started to feel a warmth between my legs. I spread my legs slightly to allow her easier access to my upper thighs, but her hands went only so far before retreating once again. She leaned forward and I left a strange sensation as her nipples touched my back. She pulled her body down my back as her breasts slid down my oiled skin. 

She did this several times until she lifted her right leg and knelt on my left side. The stillness as broke by the sound of her hand smacking my ass, "roll over!" She reached across my body and rolled me over. I looked up, first into her eyes and they down to her tits. In contrast to my, her areolas were light pink and much smaller, my husband called such areolas "puffies." Her nipples however were much larger, both thicker and longer than mine. I had seen such breasts in my husband's collection of porn, but never in real life.

She caught my extended gaze. "Do you like?"

I could not help myself, I nodded and smiled. With that she once again was astride me and massaging my shoulders. Then she applied oil to her hands. She brushed it, first around the sides, and then to bottom of my breasts. She moved the oil upwards and inwards towards my areolas and nipples, but falling short. She then applied more oil to her hands, and this time, instead of applying it to my skin, she worked it into her own smaller breasts. Once again she leaned forwards and used her breasts to "massage" mine, her nipples brushed against mine. 

I fixed my eyes on hers. I returned her smile. She glanced from my eyes to my lips and back again. The heat between my legs increased as she leaned forward again, this time placing one hand on the bed on either side of my face. Her hair fell forward, I cocked my head to the right as did she and our lips met. Tentatively at first and then with more force and intensity until out mouths parted and our tongues explored the moist caverns. 

The massage had clearly shifted from therapeutic to "friendly." Our mouths parted. "Are you ok?" She said as I softly bit my lip.

"Yes." I whispered. Honestly, I did not know if I was ok or not. I just new that like a 17 year old virgin in the back of a Chevy, I had gone way to far to turn back now.

Once again she lowered her head, once again we kissed. This time when out lips parted she once again inched her body down mine. But this time she was not kneading, she was kissing. Her lips kissed my breasts; licking and nibbling until she finally reached my nipples, which she sucked, licked and nibbled until I started to squirm. She lifted her head, sat up and turned. Her reach was rewarded by a silver chain, which she dangled in front of me. 

"What is that?" I asked.

"These are nipple clamps, would you like me to put them on you?" She replied.

I inhaled and nodded in the affirmative. And I watched, wide-eyed, as she snapped the black rubber clamps unto my nipples. The clamps were attached to each other by a chain and jointly linked to another chain in the middle. My breasts ached nearly as much as my pussy was as the clamps were placed.

With the clamps in place, she continued down my body. She paused as she reached my thighs and adjusted herself so that her knees were between my thighs. Once again she was moving back until her hands were under my thighs, pushing them up and out to allow her mouth access to my now moist pussy. As her face got close she turned and began to kiss and suck on my thighs. I wanted to grab her head and force it to where no woman had been before. Once again, I resisted the urge. 

Once again, she looked up and our eyes met. Once again she asked. "Are you ok?" Once again, I nodded yes. But I clearly was anything but ok.

"I am so hot!" I heard myself say.

She moved her head into position and with another quick move her mouth was firmly attached to my pussy. It seemed as though she was licking and sucking and nibbling all at once. She moved up to my hard clit sucking it into her mouth. As I felt that nothing could get any hotter I felt the pull on my nipples as she tugged the chain attached to my hard aching nipples.

I was overcome with passion and I reached down and pulled her head even tighter to my crotch. I moved my hips and arched my back as a flood of electricity coursed through my whole body. I came with more intensity than I ever had before. 

I reached down and pulled her up until she was lying on my body. We kissed and then rolled to our sides. I looked over to the bedside table and the clock said 9:05 PM. I heard a noise at the door. 

"That would be my roommate, Julie." Sandy explained.

To my amazement the door opened and revealed the blond with the attitude from behind the front desk. "Are you guys still together?" She said with a knowing smile, as she pulled off her sweater revealing small "B" breasts that we quite a bit perkier than Sandy's. "Can I join?" She said as she slowly walked to the bed. She reached around and undid her skirt and slipped out of her panties. Her pussy was bald. 

Sandy stood up and removed the teddy, her pussy too was auburn, and bushy. They walked to each other and kissed. "Ummm good!" Julie said as they parted. My pussy warmed again as I heard them discussing my taste.

"I need to get the boys by 10:00 PM." I interrupted.

"The boys?" Julie said. "You have been a very naughty mommy this evening, haven't you?" Julie continued looking at my tossed hair. "Nipple claps! Does your husband know you like nipple clamps?" She said as she looked first at my breasts and then at the diamond on my left second finger. I left flush. "We'll get you out of here in time to get them, but I think you need to be punished for your antics with my roommate." With that she moved to the bed and somehow sat down, pulling me accross the bed and over her lap. She brought her hand down on my ass with a sting. Once, twice, three times. 

Once again my pussy warmed. Once again I felt flush. "What do you say?" She said as she brought her hand down with a forth smack.

"I'm sorry?" I said, fighting back the tears. The slaps were not that hard, but they still stung and my ass warmed.

"You are sorry?" She replied as she smacked my ass. "Sorry for what, for playing with my roommate, or for not letting me join – the –fun." Punctuating each of the last three words with a smack on my, by now, aching ass. 

"I'm sorry that you had to work while I came." I knew it was the right answer.

"Well then, get on the bed!" She commanded. I was helpless to resist. 
