 Lisa struggled out of her gym shorts urgently. The early September heat was unbearable. She stepped into the locker room showers and turned the water to cold. She'd been running laps around the track since she'd dropped off the last of her boxes at her dorm room, and a nice cold shower was just what the doctor ordered. 

She soaped up her lean body and tried not to think about what she was doing here. Why she'd suddenly found herself in this middle of nowhere college town. But the memories were just to recent, and there wasn't really anything she could do to stop them. 

Her high school graduation. It had been wonderful. Walking with her girlfriend, Clarice, going nude under their robes, the tassels, the secret smiles, and the passionate sex that night. Then, one week later, she came home to find Clarice fucking her younger brother's brains out. 

The rest of the summer had been a trial. Lisa had spent it holed up in her room. She couldn't talk to her friends, she didn't want to see her brother, the rest of her family couldn't understand... In the end, she'd suddenly switched colleges, taking advantage of a scholarship just to get several hundred more miles away from everyone she knew. She just needed a fresh start. 

She'd moved on her own. Her parents had wanted her brother to come and do the heavy lifting, but she'd icily told him not to bother, and he was so ashamed he couldn't even look her in the eyes. Her roommate hadn't been there when she moved in, but then, she had arrived late last night and slept in the parking lot, and there were still a couple of days before classes started. 

As her thoughts returned to the present, Lisa realized where her hand was. Somehow, in the recollecting, she'd remembered how fabulous Clarice was in bed. How her tongue flicked across Lisa's clit. The sight of her long blonde hair as she ate Lisa out. Now Lisa's clit was poking out a bit, her hand was soaping up her shaved pubic mound and Lisa was horny for the first time since Clarice had cheated on her. Now that the fire was in her, Lisa couldn't stop. She squeezed some more soap on her bath sponge and rubbed it against her pussy. Lisa brought her hand down and was just beginning to slip a finger inside when the door burst open. A crowd of girls entered and began changing. Lisa's lucky solitude was gone, and she quickly rinsed off and got dressed. 

Lisa trotted quickly across campus and into her dorm building. She headed down her hallway. The building was alive with people moving in. Lisa's pussy was still aching for a little attention, and the thin cotton of panties was rubbing against her swollen lips. Now, every cute girl she saw just made it worse. The dorms were full of gorgeous college girls, and Lisa's mind was now working overtime, drawing up a million fantasies about everyone she passed. She practically ran o her room. She wanted nothing more than to go inside, lock the door, rip off her sweats and give herself a brutal fingering. 

Once she stepped in the door, that plan was ruined. Her roommate had arrived. When Lisa arrived, she was bending over, going through a box of books. Lisa was immediately staring at her ass. Lisa wasn't really an ass person, but this was a great ass. The girl's waist wasn't particularly narrow, but the angle and curvature of her hips was perfect. As her t-shirt stretched up, Lisa could see perfect dimples in her lower back, just above the top of her jeans. The girl straightened up and turned around. She had shoulder-length black hair, though a lightening at the roots showed that it was probably dyed from a naturally dark brown. Her face was warm and inviting. She had brown eyes, a small, heart-shaped mouth, and little button of a nose. Her breasts were full and filled out her tight tee like a dream. Lisa, now able to appraise her fully, could see that she still had just a bit of baby fat on her, but in all the right places, filling her out into a womanly figure. 

"Oh!" the girl said. "I didn't hear you come in. You're my roommate, aren't you?" 

"Yeah, Lisa. I'm Lisa." Lisa stuck out her hand. 

"I'm Sarah," and with that, she took her hand and shook it, and then laughed at the unnatural formality of the move. 

They chatted amiably for the rest of the day. Sarah seemed instantly warm and comfortable, and Lisa was too, although she was secretly suffering. The whole time they were talking, Lisa couldn't stop scoping her out. She found her fascinating. She hadn't been this attracted to someone since Clarice, and Clarice and Sarah were nothing alike. While Clarice had been a perpetually slender, blond, cheerleader type(though not actually a cheerleader, because, god, who actually thinks that's cool anymore?). Sarah was all natural, make-up free, and indie rock. And she made Lisa's pussy quiver. Just looking at her made her wet. 

"God, it's hot in here," Sarah was saying. She opened up the window further and started rooting through her newly unpacked clothes. Lisa bit her lower lip as Sarah suddenly slipped out of her jeans and stepped into some shorts. "You don't mind, do you?" Sarah asked. "I mean, we're going to be living together, so, we're bound to be changing in front of each other anyway." 

"No, it's no problem," Lisa replied. She relished the brief view of simple, cotton panties with a dense blue, brown and white stripe pattern before they were hidden from view. Lisa wanted to think that Sarah was flirting, but she knew that really, she was just very casual. There was nothing more to it than that. 

Lisa spent the evening praying for Sarah to go somewhere, but no privacy was forthcoming. She thought about maybe slipping off to the bathroom for some quick relief, but it was so busy with people moving in and around that there was no privacy to be found. 

When they went to bed, Lisa was again tortured by another view of panties and also a simple cotton bra as Sarah slipped on a tank top to sleep in. Lisa, feeling bold and also burning up from the heat and unsatisfied arousal, went to sleep in just her bra and panties. She lay on her back, staring at the ceiling. All she had to do was wait for Sarah to fall asleep, and then quietly slip a hand down and get the job done. 

Lisa lay in bed silently, passing time. How long had it been? She didn't know. Was Sarah asleep? She turned her head to look. Sarah was also on her back, and her head was facing the other wall. In the stifling heat, she was sleeping above the covers. Her hips were turned slightly towards Lisa. Sarah's breasts were naturally subject to gravity, but this clear demonstration of their naturalness only made Lisa hornier. 

Suddenly the bed was too hot for her. Not sure if Sarah was awake or asleep, Lisa slowly slid the covers down. Feeling air on bare skin was a welcome change. 

Sarah's chest was rising and falling in a slow, steady rhythm. Lisa waited for a few more minutes, but there were no signs of wakefulness. She carefully slid her left hand into her panties, keeping her eyes on Sarah to make she she didn't turn over or wake up. 

She slid two fingers in without any resistance. Her pussy had been so wet all day that she didn't even have to warm up. In no time at all she was quietly frigging herself, going in and out quickly while trying not to make any noise. Eventually she slipped her right hand down as well, and, after pulling her panties down to mid-thigh, began to tease her clit in time with her thrusts. 

She sighed heavily. It felt so good that at first it was more sheer relief than sexual, but that didn't last. She needed more. She was going at herself with gusto soon. She moved on to using three fingers. Her labia spread apart wonderfully, and Lisa almost cried out in joy. She stopped teasing her clit, and began to pinch it between well-lubricated fingers. 

Lisa began to look at Sarah less to make sure she wasn't awake, and more just to look at her. Her bare, pale thighs glowed milkily in the night. Lisa let her gaze wander from breasts to hips and finally to rest on the gusset of her panties. Lisa found herself staring at it. There were crinkly dark hairs peeking out here and there, evidence of a perfectly natural girl. In the half-light, while pleasuring herself, Lisa's eyes were locked on her Sarah's mons. She pictured her without the panties, seeing a patch of natural, untamed hairs. She wanted to let her tongue dive in. She wanted to taste that musk and feel the wetness close around her. 

Sarah shifted then. Her hips turned a little more. One hand lazily scratched her stomach, just above the waistband of her panties. Lisa froze and bit her lip. She wanted that hand above her panties, she wanted it slipping down, and then slipping in, filling her. Her arousal was at a dangerous place now. She still hadn't come. Her nipples were poking out against their prison, and her pussy was positively flowing, soaking her hands in her own juices. 

Sarah's head turned. Her eyes were half open. She looked lazy and Lisa. Suddenly her eyes were wide as she acknowledged what she had seen. Sarah's little mouth opened in surprise. "What..." she trailed off. 

Lisa was over the edge. She stood up suddenly and let her panties slide down her legs. She could feel her own juice coating her inner thigh and running in a sticky stream to her knees. She stepped over to Sarah's bed and straddled her. She kissed her hungrily. Sarah struggled beneath her, refusing to open her mouth. Lisa held her wrists above her head, pining her down and taking the kiss by force. Sarah was thrashing in earnest now. She was bigger than Lisa, but her weight advantage wasn't enough. Lisa was taller, and had a lot of muscle from years of athletics. It was no use. 

It wasn't long before Lisa was aching for more. Her pussy was dripping, spattering against the expose flesh between Sarah's panties and top. Lisa needed a release, and she knew how she was going to get it. She grabbed a belt off of the floor and wrapped it quickly around Sarah's thighs, stopping her from kicking. She looked her deep in the eyes. For a brief moment, Lisa became conscious of what she was doing. She was going to force this girl. She wondered what to say, but nothing really interesting came, so all she said was, "Quim, and quit struggling." 

With that, she moved her hips up to Sarah's face. She held her down, pining her chin with her pelvis. She got both of Sarah's wrists trapped under one hand. Then she began to rub. Her shaved pussy was covering Sarah's mouth and chin, and she started grinding against her. 

Sarah continued to try and fight it, but she was trapped, Lisa's pussy covering her face. Lisa moved with quick motions, bucking her hips against her new toy, loving the feeling of this girl fighting beneath her. Every time Sarah tried to scream or shout, the sound was muffled and lost against Lisa's dripping cunt, and it only made her go faster. Soon her juices were covering Sarah's face, forming a wet, slippery surface for Lisa to use. But it wasn't enough. Lisa wanted to feel a tongue, and Sarah's firmly closed mouth wasn't giving any. Lisa reached down with her free hand and pinched Sarah's nose shut. She struggled briefly, but soon she had no choice but to open her mouth and gasp for air around Lisa's hot, dripping mound. 

"Stick out your tongue," Lisa said. She looked down and locked eyes with Sarah. She saw a lot of fear there. Not necessarily terror for her life, just fear at being forced into this. "Tongue." 

Reluctantly, Sarah stuck out her tongue. Lisa smiled down at her. "Glad to see you know your place." She rubbed quickly against her, using Sarah's motionless tongue. She positioned herself so it was on her clit and bucked her hips quickly. She tightened her hand around Sarah's wrists. Lisa loved this feeling of power and control. She'd always been a top, but this was that to the nth degree. It was the real meaning of domination. Sarah was hers. 

She was grinding fiercely when the orgasm came. All the combined feelings hit her at once. The hot temperatures, the feeling of power, the sharp arousal as she forced her pussy on Sarah. Suddenly she was coming. A toe-curling, chest-heaving orgasm. She felt juices spatter out, and Sarah's already wet face was quickly coated in a new rush of liquid as Lisa came explosively. 

When it was over, Lisa kept rubbing, but only until he'd come down. When she was down, she stood up. Her bra was clinging to her, stuck to her slim breasts by sweat. She walked, half stumbling, back to own bed, and sat down. 

Sarah was motionless on her bed, staring at the ceiling, an unreadable expression on her face. Lisa smiled at her. It was not a nice smile, but not a mean one, either. It was just a smile of having gotten what she wanted, consequences be damned.