 Maria pulled up her cleaning trolley up the corridor. She was dressed in the dark green apron coat with white collar and short sleeve cuffs that was regulation for all the hotel's house keeping maids. A thin black plastic Alice band sat on the crown of her long blond hair which draped over her shoulders. The apron coat was a baggy larger size for the 20 year old. A exact fit had not been available for her buxom 34-28-36 figure. Her large 34DD chest had been a challenge for the smaller sized outfits.

She turned her trolley round the corner to her next room, room 220 and knocked on the door. The muffled female "Come in" from the other side took her by surprise. It was 11:15am and practically all the guests had normally left their rooms by this time. Either a very late riser or ill she thought as she opened door and went in, announcing her entry with a loud "House keeping".

The curtains were still closed expect a small gap in the middle that let in a small amount of sun to dimly light the room. "Don't worry about me, please carry on" said the woman in the bed. Maria could just about make out the thin almond shape face with long dark hair above the sheets. "I can come back later?" she offered in her Eastern European accent. "No, please do carry on, I need to get up anyway. Please start with the bathroom and I'll be out of bed in a few minutes", the brunette replied. "OK" said Maria as she stepped back outside to get her things for the bathroom.

Maria had started to re-arrange the guest's cosmetic items on the sink counter, when the lady called "Excuse me" from inside the room. "Yes" Maria replied as she stepped out of the bathroom into the main room. The woman must have opened the curtains wider as the room was lighter as Maria came round. "Can you help me to clean this?" the woman asked politely.

All words left the stunned Maria as she took in the sight in front of her. The woman was sat totally naked in the middle of the bed with her legs spread apart, leaning back on her left hand and holding out a large red dildo with her other hand towards the maid. Maria was staring, her eyes taking in every detail. The woman was a brunette with some subtle blond highlights in her long hair. Her face like her body was thin. Her dark pink lips were turned into a very bright and friendly smile which her large friendly dark blue eyes reinforced. She seemed slightly older, probably mid to late 20's Maria guessed. She had a thin tanned body. A gold heart shaped locket sat between her 34B breasts with their large brown thin oval aurelola. A flat stomach led down to a totally shaved crotch and light pink lipped pussy.

Maria's mind and body coursed with many emotions. There was of course shock and embarrassment and her cheeks and ears had both turned crimson. There was also fear but there was also arousal. Her lesbian orientation was an open fact to the other maids. It was this freedom that had brought to this country in the first place. She couldn't help but be turned on by the very sexy and attractive woman in front of her. The nakedness, the fully exposed pussy, the dildo and the faint smell of the woman's sex had all turned her on intensely. The blood had not rushed just to her face but also to her own pussy lips and it felt as hot as her face. She some how managed to get out a confused "Clean?"

"Yes, can you please clean my dildo for me. I've been using it all morning" said the woman in a perfect sultry tone that turned up the heat up a couple more degrees in Maria's panties. The woman stood up from the bed, stood before Maria and held the still moist toy in front of Maria's face. "See how wet it's got, you can smell it can't you?" she teased, bringing the dildo under the maid's nose.

This provocative action and the fresh smell of sex pushed Maria's body over the edge and beyond her control. She felt her chest tighten and become warm as the tips of her breasts started to harden. Her pussy felt red hot and she could feel her own juice on her lips as her panties started to moisten. The woman lowered the toy onto Maria's bottom lip and using her seductive tone again, suggested, "You can lick it clean if you like."

The maid's instinct and cravings were overriding any rational thoughts and her lips formed around the toy and took it in. Her tongue licked around the dildo combining the fresh wet cum with the dried and sourer older cum. Either way it tasted like gorgeous honey. More so given that she had been without since she had broken up with her girlfriend last month. As she tried to devour more of the toy, the woman pulled it back. Playing on Maria's hunger she asked "If you like it so much, why don't you try the source?, taking her stare and Maria's down to her pussy.

She took Maria's hand as she eased herself onto her bed, bringing Maria with her. She went back to her prior position, leaning back on her arms with her legs spread wide open around the maid. As Maria knelt on the bed gazing at the moist feast in front of her, all kinds of thoughts went through her head from her boss, to strangely, room 221. Her need was, however, too great and she edged forward putting her hands down at either side of the woman's waist as she dived her head down to her pussy.

The smell of the woman's excited lips as well as her chic perfume excited Maria further as she initially used her tongue to lick the woman's pussy lips up and down. She first did it slowly, taking the tongue further in each time she licked upwards. The woman tasted sweet and silky. Maria then moved her right hand over and used the thumb to work the woman's clit as she drove her tongue right in. She alternated between quick in and out motions with a deep thrust followed by a small pause as she drove her tongue into the roof of the woman's chamber.

The woman's orgasm grew as Maria worked away, covering the maid's tongue with ever more fluid. Her body then started to spasm back and forth as her climax grew and she had started to moan. With the maid burying her tongue ever deeper and harder the spasm turned into a frenzy as the woman's crotch violently bucked against Maria's face. The moaning gave way to louder screams and finally one big loud scream as the woman's whole body convulsed building up a thrust which traveled down her body and exploded as a flood on Maria's tongue, mouth and face.

Maria had so burrowed her face so tightly into the woman's pussy in order to get tongue in as deep as possible that the orgasm had drenched almost her whole face. Her tongue was still working away, much slower though and in time with the after tremors of the woman's orgasm. She did eventually look up with broad, wet grin. The woman smiled back at her from behind her breasts and her still erect brown nipples. "I guess I should clean you up now?" she beamed.

Led by the woman, the two of them got up and stood beside the bed. The woman knelt down in front of Maria. She undid the bottom buttons of Maria's apron and slid the white panties with their giant wet spot down and over the maid's feet. With a slight tap on Maria thigh's, she got the maid to spread her legs wider. She then nuzzled her face against the moist pussy and caressed it up and down with her forehead, nose, and mouth, pushing each ever harder against the lips. She then ruffled the small blonde tuft at the top with her nose.

The woman then worked Maria's pussy with her right thumb, drilling it in and out and scooping it round in semi circles. The thumb was absolutely soaked when she took it out. The woman then drove her tongue in, working it in an ever growing harder and deep flicking. Maria started to pant and moan as the woman got quicker and she could feel her cum flowing onto the woman. The woman then used the fingers on her right hand to stoke Maria's bottom and then to stroke her crack on that side, caressing the opening of Maria's anus as she did that. All the time her tongue was pounding in from the front. This intensified Maria's panting and made it louder. The woman then stroked the opening of Maria's anus with her wet thumb before she gradually started to push the thumb into it. Once in, she gently worked it in and out slowly.

Maria felt that her body could not take this combination, the intense pounding of her pussy by the woman's tongue and slower penetration of her anus. Her legs started to feel like jelly and started to shake as much as body was. The whole inside of her body felt like it was churning molten lava and that this lava was building up in her crotch making it feel like it was going to burst. The woman suddenly drove both her tongue and thumb in simultaneously as deep and hard as she could in one sharp movement. Maria screamed louder than she ever had in her life as she felt an electric shockwave go through spine and she let go of what felt like a river. It looked like her pussy had almost totally drenched the woman as she emerged from below Maria. The maid's body was still quivering for minutes afterwards and she had to sit on the bed until she thought her legs could stand again.

Having eventually recovered and cleaned herself, Maria did actually service the room. She hugged and kissed the woman goodbye. She wasn't sure whether she would be there tomorrow or not, but she didn't care, this had been one hell of an experience and she couldn't imagine it happening again. But her mind did boggle at what could be in room 221!