 "Hey there is room for you if you want." Jessie said squeezing her curvaceous form into a corner of the glass stall. Her soapy breasts were the only part of her body still in the direct stream of water rinsing the suds from her tanned form quickly. "I mean if you want and it's not too weird for you." the last bit spoken almost as a challenge. 

Karen paused for a moment staring at the small shower stall and the nude woman standing inside it. After that moment passed she shook her head and peeled the tight shorts from her apple shaped ass and let them fall the floor followed quickly by her tank top. There was a second pause when she noticed Jessie was watching her but Karen didn't let that stop her from unfastening her bra and pulling her panties down so she was completely nude and climbed into the shower.

"That was a good game. You're sure that was your first time playing racket ball?" Jessie asked. At the same time she squeezed around Karen to grab her loofa. 

Karen did the same soaping up her rag and biting her tongue at the same time. She had never been nude with a woman before and part of her was actively cringing at the fact that she could feel Jessie's body even though they weren't touching. "Yeah very first time. But it's like tennis mixed with handball, real handball with the small blue ball like that one not kids handball with the great big bouncy balls and I'm good at both of them. So I guess it's not surprising." Careful not to do anything that could be construed as sexy Karen ran her soapy rag over her breasts and down her belly. Then over each leg before traveling back up again.

"Let me get your back." Jessie offered. She didn't really wait for a Karen's permission. She just started scrubbing away at Karen's back. "You really should try a loofa." Karen's back arched the moment the surface touched her skin. "See it's nice." It only took a moment for Jessie to finish her back. "And if you think it feels good on your back you should feel it other places." 

"I don't think-" Karen started to protest the lewd things her friend was saying but Jessie took the initiative and pressed her body against Karen's back and ran the soapy rag around Karen's waist. Nothing in Karen's experience had prepared her for the soft but scratchy loofa pressed against her pussy. "Oh God!" She gasped nearly loosing her footing. 

"Told you." Jessie whispered working the scrub in a slow deliberate circle on her friend. "You like that?" She already knew the answer so she kept speaking. "If you want me to stop just say so. I"ll stop if you want." Jessie captured Karen's earlobe between her teeth and gently tugged. "But I don't want to stop. I want to keep going. I want to keep going until you squeal like a little piggy." Jessie hissed pushing her hips forward against Karen's ass. "Is that cool with you?"

Karen couldn't form coherent thoughts much less coherent words. She wasn't actually consenting when her head fell she was just trying to see how Jessie's fingers were producing the nearly electric feeling passing through her body. Jessie took it as consent though and dropped the loofa to the shower floor replacing it with a pair of fingers. Her fingers glided easily into Karen's soapy sopping wet hole and a coupled with her thumb started to get the black beauty crooning and squirming. 

"Is this your first time with a woman?" Jessie asked. While she spoke she sank to her knees kissing along Karen's inner thigh all the way up to her waiting crotch. As soon as she got there she kissed Karen's lower lips just like she would her mouth gliding her tongue in and moaning into the kiss. Jessie wrapped her arms around Karen's waist dragging her nails along Karen's lower back the same as she would her shoulders if this were a normal kiss.

It wasn't a normal kiss though. Not only was it not a normal kiss but it was the very first time anybody, man or woman had put their mouth on that part of Karen's body. She had meant to protest, that it was dirty but the words had caught in her throat and now something else was caught in her throat. A squeal of sheer rapture was trying to tear its way free but Karen managed to keep it from escaping by biting down on her lip. She did nod to answer Jessie's question but that was the only communication she gave. 

"You sure, you're really good at it." Jessie pushed Karen up against the cool tiles of the shower wall thrusting her tongue even deeper into Karen searching and probing with her tongue.

Karen responded by lifting up one leg and wrapping it around Jessie's shoulders and pulling her deeper into their lewd kiss. Normally Karen would have fought the coming orgasm and tried to hold out as long as possible but this time she just accepted it. Karen rolled her hips against Jessie's tongue guiding her back to the sensitive spots and holding her in place as long as she could stand the pleasure before trying to retreat. Jessie followed like a dog on the hunt though and it soon Karen felt her entire body tingle as her orgasm washed over her body just like the hot shower water that still pounding down on her nude body. "Holy shit."

"Was it good for you?" Jessie asked slowly pulling away from Karen who was now leaning against the stall for support not quite trusting her legs.

"Yeah. Only one problem."

"What?"

"I'm dirtier than when I got in the shower and that's not how it's supposed to work." Karen smiled.