 “Not right now,” Allison threw her keys across the room to the small table nearest the window. The metal pieces clanked twice, and skidded to the floor below one of the two small chairs. She dropped her briefcase in the middle of the suite never missing stride towards the small kitchen.

Pellie watched her from her perch on the window seat. She had been watching the lean brunette sunning herself under the window by the pool when her guest for the week had walked in. She had been here for 2 days and had not wanted Pellie’s attention other than to fetch her items for work. 

Pellie had been skeptical when the tall woman with the long auburn hair had announced her stay at the resort as a business trip. Who came to this island for business? This was a resort that catered to pleasure, not executive power sessions. However, after two nights of no requests for contact, she was beginning to believe the woman had told the truth. 

A shame really, she thought to herself as she watched her pour herself straight vodka in a tumbler and gulp it down. The woman had a mystical beauty to her. Long legs, firm pert breasts pushing out of her trimmed suits and a full upper lip that Pellie wouldn’t mind sliding her tongue across. 

Allison headed into the bathroom. Her heels flew across the room, her jacket shortly after it onto the floor.

Pellie walked across the room and picked the things up to put into place. She watched Allison sitting in her bra and short linen skirt on the edge of the large Jacuzzi tub. Her jaw was clenched tight, and she was lost to some thought.

“Bad day?” Pellie ventured into the room, and turned the water on to the tub.

Allison looked at her for a long moment. Pellie was shorter than her coming up to her shoulders when standing side by side. She had large searching brown eyes, and short cropped brown hair. She almost looked like a young boy, accept for those curves that were definitely feminine. Allison had been attracted to her from the moment she met her. However, she was not fully honest with herself about her newly found sexuality. Even though Pellie was her room servant for the week, and Allison understood well what that meant, she had not been able to take advantage of this odd service that the resort offered. She had been too consumed with working on her proposal for the Stevenson case, and even more consumed with tentative fear of letting this person share intimate details about her body. 

She was kind though. Allison watched her running the bath for her, and pouring scented oils into the water. Her mind was taken back by the flashback of her meeting with Mr. Stevenson she had just had over his case. It had not gone away as she had wanted. God she was tense. 

Water touched her foot. She had been so much in though, she had not realized that Pellie was removing her clothes to help her in the tub. She was down to her bra only. 

Pellie met her eyes and smiled her soft kind smile. This woman seemed too gentle for her business. Perhaps, Allison mused that was what made her special. Pellie reached up to undo her bra. Allison stopped her hands. Pellie only smiled. “Let me help you unwind.” 

Allison found herself letting Pellie help her into the tub. She watched her with large trusting eyes as she helped her sink into the warm water of the tub. She left Allison to soak in its warm embrace. 

Allison closed her eyes and rested her head against the back of the tub. The warm water helping to ease her mind. She could hear Pellie in the next room moving things in a drawer. She did not hear her come back in until she was by the tub again.

Pellie slipped in the tub behind Allison. Allison leaned up and away at the touch of the woman’s breasts against her back. Pellie put her hands on her shoulders and made soothing sounds to her. “It’s okay,” she told her gently. "Let me help you relax." 

Allison let herself be guided back to lie on Pellie's chest, her legs stretched around her own. Pellie picked up a sponge and began sponging Allison’s long arms and neck. The water felt good, the movements comforting, and she began to relax against her companion. 

Pellie began lightly kissing her neck. Small light feather kisses along the neckline up to the ear. Her tongue darting into Allison’s ear and swirling around in a slow sensual gesture. Allison leaned back on her shoulder and held Pellie’s head to her ear for the briefest of moments. 

This was the only encouragement Pellie needed. Her hands soaped the sponge again and began working around Allison’s breasts. Fingers replacing the sponge as she bit on her ear lobe. She let her fingers glide over her lover’s nipples lightly, then come back with a firm caress. The tiny buds grew hard between her pinching fingers. 

Allison let out a light moan as Pellie pulled her back farther against her in the water; her hands on her breasts making sensations run through her body. One hand began to move lower, stoking her belly, a finger around the small navel then lower. 

Allison’s eyes opened wide, when she felt the fingers opening her under the water and sliding against her intimate area. The gentle hand began stroking her clit, slowly and methodically, until Allison relaxed and opened her legs for her.

“That’s it,” Pellie whispered into her ear, “trust me.” She kissed at the notch of her shoulder, one hand squeezing her nipple of her right breasts; the other causing tingles as it stroked her clit. 

Allison opened for her, and rested her head on her shoulder. She made little sounds in her throat as Pellie stroked her in the same measured lengths of fingers. Her other hand slid to the water below. Retrieving an object from the tub on its way, Allison felt a slight push at her opening. She arched against Pellie as she inserted a long vibrator into her pussy. She began moving the vibrator in and out as her other hand continued massaging Allison’s clit. 

Allison reached back, to touch Pellie’s face, her shoulders, any part she could reach behind her. Pellie leaned in and kissed her as she continued her ministrations under the water. The kiss was a warm wonderful mixture of tongues lapping at each other in slow aching need. 

Allison rocked her body against Pellie’s, feeling her breasts slide against her back, the feel of her shaved womanhood against her own ass. Caught up in the passion, she found herself sitting on Pellie’s lap in the water, arching out of the water as Pellie’s hands never stopped with their motions. 

Soon she was gripping the edge of the tub for support. The vibrator moving in and out and the fingers on her clit were moving like one. Allison’s body was tensing tighter and tighter. When release came, it was so intense that her breath caught in her throat. She felt like she was hovering in trapped time for the longest minute. When her breath came out, it was in a sharp gasping cry that happened over and over. She came hard three times before Pellie released her from the spell of her hands, and just held her spent body to her own chest. Allison turned in her lover’s arms and held to her neck like a child. She looked up at Pellie in wonder. Her tension from the meeting gone. 

Pellie smiled down at her, that same kind smile and stroked her cheek. “Feel better?” she asked.

Allison smiled.