 Shannon never knew that Erin had heard her that night, having sex with the other girl - whose name turned out to be Christie. The two of them woke up drunk the next morning, and Shannon remembered have sex with Christie but not where or when... and Erin didn't say anything and she didn't want to ask so it just went unsaid. For the most part she just assumed that Erin hadn't been there.

For Erin's part, she was incredibly turned on by everything that she had witnessed, even though it made her extremely uncomfortable. During the next couple weeks she decided to get to know some of the guys around the campus, talking to them and even getting one or two dates. Still, when they kissed her goodnight she found herself wondering what it would be like to kiss a girl, and when they touched her she thought about Shannon's hands and soft skin. It seemed to her that she was almost becoming obsessed with her roommate... something that just didn't seem like such a good idea. 

Trying to concentrate on guys, she ended up giving her first blow-job - which she didn't like so much. It didn't smell bad or gross her out, she just wasn't really into it. And when she was eaten out for the first time, she came, but it was while she was thinking about Shannon and Christie with Shannon's demands echoing her in head. 'Eat my pussy you little bitch'...

Taking advantage of the internet she started looking up free porn pictures and things... but she couldn't find what she really wanted; a full out movie. She was turned on by the still pictures, but she wanted to see what it actually looked like, how they did it, how they sounded... but everything she ran into cost something. Afraid to put anything on a credit card, she just masturbated to some of the pictures they found, although her fantasies always ended back up at Shannon's face and body. 

One day she was looking through the videos, innocently enough, and wondered what Shannon might have on her shelf. Looking through it she saw a video at the back of her closet and picked it up... it was unmarked, whatever the label had been it was gone, only a few traces remained where it was. Curious, and a little hesitant, she put it into the VCR and gasped. 

It was girl on girl porn... the two girls were licking and sucking at each other's breasts, pinching on the nipples. Lowering her hand to her pussy, Erin watched as the two turned into a 69 position and began to eat each other out, the camera kept zooming in on their tongues in each other's pussies. Now she had a real visual for what it had looked like when Shannon was getting eaten out... her fingers got faster and faster on her clit as her other hand reached up to pinch her nipples. Moaning, she couldn't take her eyes off the screen, one of the girls had begun pushing her fingers into the other girl's pussy... pressing her fingers in and out of that tight hole. 

Erin shook as she came, gasping... one of the hardest orgasms she'd ever had in her life. As she came down from her pleasure high she suddenly realized that she was standing in the middle of the room with one hand down her pants and the other up her shirt, lesbian porn blazing on the TV and the door wasn't even locked. Not that Shannon couldn't get in anyway, but still. Hastily she put the video back where it belonged and went to the bathroom to wash off her hands.

Before turning on the water though, she looked at her fingers, glistening with juices, and wondered what it tasted like. Hesitantly she brought her fingers to her lips and her tongue flicked out, gathering some of her juices on its tip. Sweetish... musky... not unpleasant although it was certainly a little strange. She licked more of it, wondering if all pussies tasted the same.

The bathroom door started to open and she jumped, pulling her fingers away from her mouth and shoving them under the faucet. Around the corner came Shannon, wrapped in a towel and heading for the showers.

"Hey Erin!" she said cheerfully as she passed.

Erin smiled, trying to slow her madly beating heart, "Hey."

*************************

Within a few weeks Erin was masturbating almost daily to the porn video... she'd become almost addicted. She always made sure to do it when Shannon had classes, that way she could watch uninterrupted and take the time afterwards to lick the juices from her fingers. There had been no more dates with boys... honestly she just wasn't that interested. Maybe she was a lesbian, but she was finding that she didn't feel as uncomfortable about that as she had before. Instead she just enjoyed her daily sessions in front of the TV, wondering about Shannon and Christie... thinking back on the night that they'd had sex in her room. 

One day she was feeling rather ill all morning, and since she wasn't feeling any better at all by the third class of the day she decided just to go back to her room. Even though she wasn't feeling well, she was still rather horny... and Shannon had class right now so maybe she could just go back and rest and get herself off. Feeling slightly more chipper - although her throat still hurt - she headed off towards her room.

It was her habit to turn the knob before actually putting in the key, just something that she always did... only this time the door unexpectedly opened and she stumbled into the room. There was Shannon, standing in the middle of the room staring at her with open shock. Between Shannon's spread legs was Christie, still eating her out, unaware that they'd been intruded on... Shannon's hands were entwined in the other girls hair, pulling her deep into her pussy. Erin's brain registered her naked roommate, her roommate's naked girlfriend, and the incredibly erotic position that they were in at the moment.

Gulping, she opened her mouth to say something but nothing came out. The two girls stared at each other for a moment longer and then Shannon's body jerked and she gasped... she was cumming while Erin stood there watching. Erin fled, not knowing what else to do...

She spent the rest of the day at the library, staring at the inside of a book without actually seeing it. Flipping pages, all she could see was Shannon standing there getting eaten out by Christie... it had been so much more beautiful and erotic than the porn or the online pictures. There was also the intense desire to go back there, toss Christie out of the room and take her spot between Shannon's legs. Erin glanced around, but there was no one in her part of the library. Sliding her hand into her pants, she rubbed furiously as she pictured Shannon and herself in her mind... it wasn't that hard since she and Christie had similar hair color. Gasping she came hard... with another furtive glance she pulled her hand from her pussy and sucked the juices off of it.

That night when she went back to the room, no one was there. Disappointed and relieved at the same time, she crawled into bed.