 Isobel Ford glanced back and forth from her stopwatch to the runners coming around the final curve. She started calling the times out to her assistant, who's own gaze was darting back and forth from her notebook to the numbers pinned on each runner's chest as the members of the girl's track team thundered down on them.

For a moment, Isobel faltered, her attention drawn by the flashing long legs of the girl in the lead. Her long brunette hair, pulled into a ponytail, floated behind her in her speed. The abbreviated t-shirt rode up to show the flat belly under it. But it was the legs that held the team coach's attention, the legs she had been fantasizing about ever since she had realized the young woman had been making out with her equally feminine and attractive roommate in the back of the team bus one night.

She pulled her attention back to the stopwatch and mechanically called out the times as Pam Maguire raced by, followed by the others. Once the last girl crossed the finish line, Isobel blew her whistle and waved everyone over to her. For the next few minutes she discussed generalities and made some observations about how to improve performance and speed. She retrieved her notebook from her assistant and arranged for times to meet with each girl separately in her office.

The individual meetings were intended exactly for the publicly stated purpose. Isobel believed that any criticism should be specific, lead towards improvement, and be confidential. She always tried to avoid chewing someone out in front of others. Even praise should not be too fulsome, she believed, unless she could praise the entire team as a whole. Recognition of an event well run was, of course, deserving of immediate congratulations, but not excessive adulation.

Having said all that, Isobel admitted to herself that she did look forward to the one-on-one coaching sessions. Even though she was strictly professional during them, generally including any of her "special" girls, it was a naughty thrill to be alone in her office with each of her young athletes. All those young, firm bodies, usually dressed casually and revealingly, with tanned skin and sleek muscles, made her giddy. Isobel reminded herself firmly that "look but don't touch" was the watchword, at least during normal working hours. Never-the-less, she was looking forward to the next hour.

After the last girl had left the office, Isobel leaned back in the big leather covered chair behind her desk, closed her eyes and thought. The session had gone well. She felt she had accomplished a good bit. Lisette had been having trouble with her start and they thought they had discovered what was wrong.

As she relaxed, she was almost surprised to find her fingers stealing up the leg of her shorts. She grinned and raised her hips. No need to be coy. She unfastened her shorts and pushed them down her legs before sliding her hand inside her basic white cotton panties. Leaning back, she closed her eyes and let her imagination wander, even as her fingers started their familiar movements. 

Isobel squirmed slightly as one, then two fingers dipped between her lips and curled inside her. The tip of her thumb crept under her hood and teased it to full wakefulness. Images passed though her mind like pictures. She saw several of the girls she had taken in this very office. Long slender legs that parted for her, tanned slim arms that tightened around her as she pinned them under her body. Sometimes she used her own body to make love to them, grinding her carefully shaven pussy against their young ones.

The callused ball of her thumb rubbed faster and faster on her swelling clit. A third finger added itself to the others plunging into her wetness. What she preferred though, was to take the tie-on harness with its plastic and rubber cock, fasten it around her and use it to fuck those young women. And right now, the image that she held fixed in her mind, was that of Pam Maguire. She could see the young athlete, perhaps on her hands and knees on the couch with her tight little ass in the air. Or stretched out with her legs open. Or... Isobel bolted upright and pulled her hand free from her shorts as a knock sounded on the door. She adjusted her clothing quickly and called "Come in.".

The face she had just been thinking about poked through her doorway. "Miss Ford, I'm sorry to bother you, but do you have a moment?"

"Of course I do Pam, come on in." Isobel considered swallowing as Pam complied. The young woman was wearing shower sandals, high cut blue cotton panties and a thin t-shirt that made it obvious there was nothing under it but Pam. Her hair, longer by a good bit than most of the girls cut theirs, hung around her shoulders, wet from the shower she must have just vacated. Droplets of water fell from it. Isobel suppressed another swallow as two drops fell onto the coed's breast, right where her nipple pressed against the now nearly see-through material.

Pam took only a few minutes with her errand, asking for a bit of extra advice on her starts and whether the coach thought she was breaking into her final sprint too early. During that time the runner stood with her legs spread comfortably apart. Isobel's eyes followed once when Pam seemed to absent-mindedly slide her hand down her side and adjust and readjust her panties. All the while she listened intently to Isobel's comments and seemed unaware of having any effect on her coach.

Was that or was that not invitation in those green eyes? Isobel, usually so confident in all her dealings with her students, peers and everyone else, found herself at a loss. It wasn't as though she hadn't seduced at least one willing girl every year since she had started this position. She knew the signs to look for to see if a young woman had a current or incipient interest in her own sex. 

Pam baffled her for some reason. Isobel was absolutely without a doubt certain that Pam and her cheerleader roommate had been at least fingering each other one night in the back of the team bus. Other than that though, she saw no signs of any Sapphic interest on Pam's part. No quick looks at the other girls, no touches that were meant to seem accidental, not even the negative sign of always looking away when another girl was undressing.

Isobel had a thought. Maybe Pam and her roommate were in a relationship together. If so it was a pretty open one. The college rumor mill was always full of unfounded stories about everyone from the President down to the maintenance workers; but the very underground, very discreet and cautious whispers along the gay and lesbian pipeline had carried nothing about the young roommates. Apparently they were openly dating guys. If other females were involved it was extremely discreet.

Isobel heaved a sigh after Pam left. What WAS she going to do about that young woman? She hoped it wouldn't be too long before she found out.

The following Friday afternoon turned into was one of those days when nothing went right. Everyone was stumbling, running into each other and milling around. The workouts seemed stale and no one was profiting much by them. Isobel finally called everyone together and gave them the rest of the period off. As she suspected, the girls immediately scattered to the winds.

Isobel had returned to her office and was concentrating on the mounds of paperwork that seemed to accumulate all by itself. Thank god she didn't have to publish paper after paper as did most of the faculty. All she was expected to do was develop a winning woman's track team and even then the administration and the alumni would shrug, faintly smile and say "That's nice" before checking on how the football recruitment was going. Still, it was her job and she wanted to do it right.

Her concentration was broken by a repeated "thud" from the track area outside her windows. Curious, she got up, bent one of the blinds she habitually kept drawn and looked out. Pam had stayed and was practicing her hurdles. The sound was caused when she failed to clear one after another of the obstacles and they fell over. Isobel could see the frustration written on the girl's face. She tried again, creating even more havoc. In fact, just before she attempted the last two hurdles, she suddenly pulled up short and grimaced before hobbling to the side of the track.

Isobel was out of her office and down the hall before Pam even limped in the doorway. She wrapped an arm around the young runner and helped her to her office. Once there she had Pam sit down in the usual chair while she checked out, then confirmed, her suspicion.

"You've got a Charley-horse, Pam." Isobel massaged the affected calf. Her professionalism and concern for one of her athletes was in total control. Sexual thoughts were the farthest thing from her mind. She bore down and was rewarded when she felt the knotted muscles relax. She sat back on her heels and looked up at the coed.

"Better?"

"Much better, Miss Ford. Thank you." Pam beamed down at her coach.

Isobel rose and smiled. "You're welcome. Now then," her attitude turned brisk. "What were you still doing out there? I told everyone to take off."

"I just get frustrated when things don't go right. I have been kicking over more hurdles that I have been clearing. I can't decide, should I stay with this or go back to long distances? This is more exciting, but not if I can't master it."

"You are an excellent distance runner Pam, but you can run hurdles if you like. I saw what you were doing and it's just going to take a bit of adjustment to your body position when you jump. Here," Isobel became absorbed in her coaching, as she always did. "Let me show you." She braced one hand on the desk top and lifted her leg. "You need to bring this leg back and up just a little farther. Like this." She demonstrated. And you aren't quite stretching enough with your leading leg."

Pam moved up beside her coach and assumed the same position. "Like this?"

"No, more like this," Isobel stood and then dropped to one knee and adjusted Pam's left leg. This time she found her hands clinging a bit to the smooth skin under them. Almost reluctantly she let go and resumed her position next to the younger woman. She tried to get her composure back. She knew she was a bit flushed and that her breathing was a little too quick. What was this young woman doing to her?

Pam flexed as though she was memorizing the muscle movement. Suddenly her leg cramped again and she fell sideways towards Isobel, who caught her.

"Oops," laughed Pam. "I guess I'm still a bit unsteady." The young runner turned her face towards her coach. She opened her mouth to say something else but closed it again.

The two women were looking in each other's eyes from only inches apart. Isobel felt Pam's body against her. The coed's back and shoulder where her arm was locked, holding her up, felt so warm and firm. 

Isobel was almost shaking. She stood, unsteadily and helped Pam to her feet. This time there was no mistaking the invitation in the green eyes before her. She crushed Pam against her and her lips hungrily sought the younger woman's mouth. The firm, young body of her student molded itself against her. Pam's lips parted and Isobel thrust her tongue into the warm welcoming mouth, even as exploring hands tightened on the young woman's back.

There was no subtlety about Isobel's love making, not after she had thought about this moment for so long. She ravaged the young woman's mouth, her tongue twisting and curling demandingly. She clutched the slender body to her muscular frame, reveling in Pam's surrender. Step by step she walked the young runner back to her couch, the leather couch next to the small table with the drawer where she kept her strapon.

Pam stopped as the back of her legs contacted the couch. reaching down, she caught the hem of her tank top and pulled it over her head, showing her small breasts, the pink nipples hard with arousal. Isobel urged the young woman with a gentle push down. The younger woman laid out on the black leather, moving sensuously as, with a naughty grin, she slid her hands down her sides and began to push her shorts down her legs.

Isobel drank in Pam's body, even as a neatly trimmed brown bush appeared as the shorts worked down the tanned legs. There was a pause, and a muted giggle, as Pam realized her running shoes were still on and levered them off so she could kick her shorts and panties free. She stretched out, her arms over her head. She threw one leg up on the back of the couch, the other dangling from the side of the couch, completely exposing herself to the older woman's intense gaze.

Coming unstuck, Isobel managed to shed her sweatshirt and the rest of her clothing. Pam remained on the couch, holding still in her position of submission. Now nude, Isobel raked the firm body once more with her eyes and then all but fell upon Pam. She covered the young woman's body with hers, as she kissed Pam with even more passion than she had the first time.

Full rounded breasts covered pert ones. Brown nipples pressed against pink ones. Strong hands gripped slender wrists and lifted young arms above their owner's head. Isobel's shaven wetness met Pam's damp brown curls. Isobel set her knees against the black leather of the couch cushions and pushed. 

Pam broke the kiss long enough to gasp deeply. "Oh God, Miss Ford." The foot she had planted on the floor helped give the coed leverage as she pushed back up against her coach, meeting the older woman's hip thrusts.

Isobel ground herself against Pam. She loved the feeling of the slender firm body under her, yielding to her desires. She loved the hardness of Pam's nipples against her breasts and she could breath in the scent betraying the young woman's arousal and feel the trickle of juices flowing already from the young pussy under her. But she wanted more.

Abruptly she rose onto her hands and knees, still keeping the young woman under her. She leaned forward, balancing on one hand as her fingers fumbled for the end table's drawer, the drawer she kept turned towards the couch so a casual visitor would miss it and not idly look inside. A drawer that contained the harness and the dildo of her strapon, the one she was going to use on Pam.

Even as she wrenched open the door and pulled the leather and plastic strapon free, Pam moved under her. A brown haired head tipped back and a wet mouth fastened onto Isobel's breast where it dangled. Pam made no other movement under Isobel. Just her mouth sucking the coach's breast in and her tongue laving the hard nipple. The coach closed her eyes and concentrated on the sensation. Then cool air brushed over her now wet breast as Pam released it only to lock onto the other tit above her face.

Isobel pulled up. Then she gasped. Far from letting go, Pam let her breast flow free only enough to catch the brown nipple in her teeth. And she hung on. The older woman cried out as her nubbin stretched, then yanked hard by the fastened teeth. It felt incredible. She wanted Pam to surrender, but this action of rebellion, of taking charge even for a moment fired Isobel's desire.

She jerked up savagely, accepting the delicious pain as she ripped her nipple free from Pam's teeth. Trembling hands fastened the harness around her body. She looked down as she settled the dildo against herself. Pam's eyes were locked on the curved pink plastic cock now jutting from her hips. There was a gleam of hunger in those eyes and Isobel wanted to feed it.

She reached down and ran her hand behind Pam's neck, lifting her head from the couch. She squirmed forward, pinning Pam's body under her weight. "Suck it, Pam," she commanded. There was no hesitation. The young athlete's mouth slid right over the molded head and down the shaft. Isobel could feel the tight grip Pam's lips had on the dildo when the coed's head bobs began to push the base back against her, stimulating her clit.

The coach held the student's head firmly, using her hips to plunge the girlcock in and out of Pam's mouth. When she felt she had reestablished her control, she pulled it away and scooted back between Pam's still wide=spread legs. Taking the shaft in one hand she pushed the head between Pam's labia and into her opening. As soon as she felt the tip enter the young woman she fell forward again onto Pam's body and thrust with her strong hips.

Pam's eyes almost bugged out of her head as a single long stroke of filled her completely with the dildo. She opened her mouth to yell but had it smothered by a hard kiss from the woman on top of her. Isobel thrust her tongue deeply into the youngre woman's mouth, as deeply as her plastic cock was buried into the teenager's pussy.

Isobel stretched and planted her feet against the far arm of the couch. her strong legs began to rock, driving the girlcock into the younger woman. She used long deep strokes, filling the girl under her and then drawing almost completely out. Pam shifted under her and then suddenly wrapped her long legs around Isobel's body, locking her ankles behind the coach.

The older woman reared up onto her hands. Grunting with the effort, she slammed her hips back and forth, finally fucking her student athlete as she had dreamed of doing. Pam responded, bucking up at each stroke to accept the woman's shaft into her as deeply as it could go.

"Oh GOD." This time it was Isobel gasping. Each stroke slammed the base of the dildo against her, grinding the knurled plastic knob against her clit. Pam drove her on, humping up against her and tightening the grip of her strong young legs around Isobel.

"Fuck me, fuck me you dyke," the coed moaned. "Oh Miss Ford, I can't hold on. You're driving me crazy."

"Go ahead baby." Isobel panted. "Cum for your coach." the older woman's eyes closed and she increased her efforts. Then her eyes popped wide open again. Pam had closed her teeth on Isobel's other nipple. There was no need for her to pull back this time. Giving little shrieks the young woman had bit down hard and was shaking her head wildly, whipping Isobel's heavier tit around furiously. Isobel slammed fully into Pam and held deep inside of her as both women climaxed. 

When the aftershocks slowed, Isobel twisted her body, pulling the girlcock loose from Pam. She sat up, trying to catch her breath. Staggering slightly, she crossed to the desk and picked up a glass of no-longer ice water and drank part of it. She turned as a giggle broke the silence.

"Miss Ford, you are a dream, but somehow, now that things are calmer, the sight of you with that thing around you. I mean, you have to admit, it looks weird to see that cock jutting out from your body."

Isobel smiled. Bringing another glass from the table behind her desk, she offered it to her newest conquest. "I don't think you thought it was 'weird' just a few minutes ago."

Pam sighed happily. "You are right. And thank you." She took the glass of water and took a deep swallow. Then she slipped from the couch, crossed the room herself and returned with a towel. As Isobel lifted an eyebrow in question, Pam knelt by the couch and began to wipe it down. "Miss Ford, you are going to ruin this leather if,' she broke into a fit of laughter, "If you insist on fucking your team on it."

"Well," replied the coach, quite amused," Where would you suggest I do them?" Turning serious, Isobel went on. "I can't invite you all to my house, We aren't going to meet in the college bars and I draw the line at the back seat of a car. And it's not like you could offer your dorm room."

"I know." Pam crossed the room and kissed her coach. "It can't be easy for you. But no, I just meant, well, my roommate Kim and I had several arguments as to whether you would have me on the couch or some other position."

"Your roommate? Then I was right," Isobel declared triumphantly. "You two ARE lovers."
