 Shay's college roommate had moved out for the summer to study abroad. This left Shay with an empty room and not enough rent money. She decided to put an ad in the university newspaper in hopes of finding a girl to live with for three months. Sure enough, not long after, Kate moved in.

Kate was a shy girl, with a bookish look to her. She had shoulder length blonde hair and big brown eyes hidden by big brown glasses. She didn't show off her body very much, and instead chose to wear mostly jeans and long sleeved shirts. Shay, who was more of an outgoing, sexual brunette, admired Kate for her less obvious attractiveness. The girls got along fine and the first two weeks went rather smoothly.

Shay was busy working every day and didn't see Kate very much. Kate kept mostly to her room, as she was taking summer classes and studied often. Shay tried not to bother her, but would occasionally ask if Kate wanted to go and hang out with some people. Kate always declined, and Shay began to wonder if Kate ever did anything fun. She soon got her answer.

Shay got home from a late night of drinking with friends and went to her room to go to bed. As she got undressed, she wished she had a boyfriend. Being without one for six months really took a toll on a girl, and she really wanted to have some serious sex. She got into bed and saw Kate's shadow from underneath the door as she went into her own room. Shay lay there trying to fall asleep for about ten minutes, when all of a sudden she heard it. A soft humming noise was coming from across the hall. It continued for a few minutes, and Shay was at a loss for what it could be. Then she heard an even more interesting noise: a soft moan. Finally, curiosity got the best of her and Shay went to go investigate.

Shay went quietly out into the hall and tip toed to Kate's door. She put her ear up to it and heard more humming and more moaning. Shay was almost positive that there was a vibrator in that room. The humming started to sound more rhythmic, and Kate's moans were getting louder. Shay had never thought about a girl like this before, but listening to Kate fuck herself with a vibrator turned her on like no other. She was still slightly tipsy, and after listening to this for another five minutes, she was completely wet. Shay could barely stand up before long, her pussy was aching to be touched. 

Finally, she couldn't stand it anymore, so she plunged her hand into her panties to massage her clit. As she did so, she swayed a little on the spot and fell into the door, which wasn't all the way closed. Shay tumbled into Kate's room, her hand in her pants, completely mortified. Kate, who was laying on the bed, pink vibrator buried in her pussy, froze on the spot. Shay hurriedly got up, took one last glance at the vibrator, and dashed into her own room. She lay panting underneath her covers for what felt like an eternity. She couldn't believe what just happened. And yet, her pussy still wanted to be fucked. Not being able to help herself, Shay started to rub her hard clit again. She used her other hand to put two fingers into her dripping wet pussy. Shay couldn't believe how turned on she was, she didn't even noticed someone open her door and come in the room.

Then Shay could feel the presence of someone in her room. She threw the covers off her face to find an amazing sight before her. Kate was standing above her bed, hands behind her back, completely naked. Her glasses were gone, her hair was wild and messy, and Shay couldn't help but look at her beautiful tits. Kate smiled and said, "Can I help you with that?" All Shay could do was nod.

Kate slowly climbed onto the bed. She was on her knees above Shay, looking at her in a longing way. Kate lay down right on top of Shay and started to kiss her, and Shay couldn't help but gasp for breath. They kissed slow and sensual, their tongues flicking back and forth. Shay started to let loose and ran her fingers through Kate's hair. As they kissed deeper, Kate started to rub her nipples against Shay's. Shay could feel Kate's hot little pussy right against her. She needed to cum, and needed it bad.

Kate started to kiss Shay's neck, gently sucking as she did so. She worked her way down Shay's body, kissing her collar bone and in between her tits. She took each nipple into her mouth and flicked her tongue against them. Shay squirmed, not knowing whether or not to scream or to beg Kate to make her cum. But Kate kept moving slow, kissing down Shay's chest, licking around her bellybutton, and kissing right above her pussy. Finally, Shay couldn't take it anymore; she said, "Kate... make me cum. Please, I need to cum so bad." Kate smiled.

Shay spread her legs as wide as they would go, thrusting her pussy out. Kate got on her knees and leaned on her elbows as she lowered her face to Shay's pussy. She kissed her legs and the outer lips before going in for the kill. She took Shay's hard clit into her mouth and sucked hard. She used her teeth a little, hummed onto it, and sucked it as much as she could. Shay grabbed the sheets around her, she thrashed around the bed, she SCREAMED it felt so good. Kate kept licking and sucking her clit, and Shay could barely take it. Finally, Kate reached down to the floor and Shay realized what Kate was holding behind her back when she came in the room. Kate held the pink vibrator up for Shay to see, and Shay was mesmerized. It wasn't very long, but it was fat and thick. Kate hesitated at Shay's pussy, before finally putting it in.

Kate moved it in slow at first, inch by inch, until the entire toy was inside of Shay. Shay was going insane, wanting so bad to cum all over Kate's vibrator and hand. Kate wanted to get a better angle, so she threw over her leg and sat on Shay's stomach, facing her feet. Kate started to turn up the speed of the vibrator as she used her other hand to massage Shay's little clit again. She moved it in and out, in sync with her other hand. Shay reached up for Kate's tits and grabbed them from behind, pinching her nipples. Kate threw her head back and moaned a little, and it about sent Shay over the edge. "Kate, I'm gonna cum soon, I'm gonna fucking cum..."

Suddenly, Kate got off of Shay and told her to get on her hands and knees. Surprised but willing, Shay scrambled onto her hands and knees and threw her ass in the air. Kate got on her knees right behind her and positioned the vibrator right at her own pussy. She pounded the vibrator in Shay's cunt so hard and so fast, Shay almost fell on her face. Kate thrusted her body forward, fucking Shay hard. Shay had to hold a pillow to her face to muffle her scream. 

The faster Kate fucked her, the more Shay started to scream. She could feel her pussy juices flowing over the vibrator and down her leg, and she needed to cum so bad, it almost hurt. Kate started to thrust faster and faster, and Shay's raw pussy took it the entire time. Finally, Shay felt it wash over her and screamed, "I'M CUMMING!" It was the most powerful orgasm she had ever had. It spread through her entire body, from the tips of her fingers, to her toes. And just when it felt like it was about to end, Kate pounded harder and faster. Shay had another orgasm, just as good as the first. Then her body practically went limp. She slumped into the bed, barely breathing. She couldn't believe that this shy girl, who was still practically a stranger, made her cum like this. Shay lay panting on her stomach. She heard a small cough behind her, so she turned over to see Kate on her knees above her. Shay noticed that the vibrator had her pussy juices all over it. Kate smiled and said, "You're tired from that, aren't you. Well do you mind if I fuck myself with this too? I'm so fucking hot right now." Again at a loss for words, Shay only nodded vigorously.

Remaining on her knees, Kate took the fat pink vibrator and pushed it up into her cunt. She moaned loudly as she put her weight on it, her pussy muscles tightening around it. Feeling like she should do something to return the favor, Shay sat up. Her face reached Kate's tits, so she began to rub them. At this touch, Kate began to move up and down on the vibrator, her hands pushing it deeper and deeper. Shay took Kate's right nipple into her mouth and began to suck it hard, flicking her tongue over it. Not knowing why she wanted to, Shay reached around and slapped Kate's ass really hard. Kate screamed at this, but her hands started to move faster. Kate had her eyes closed, her head thrown back in ecstasy, as Shay continued to suck on her tits.

Suddenly Kate grabbed Shay's arm. She pulled the vibrator from her dripping pussy, and shoved it into Shay's hand. Kate got into the position she made Shay get into and she too threw her ass in the air. Having never done this to a girl before, Shay became excited. She turned up the vibrator as high as it would go and shoved it into Kate's pussy. Kate didn't even try and suppress her screams, which were getting louder by the thrust. Shay started to fuck Kate's little cunt as fast as she could, pushing it in as deep as it would go. Shay felt Kate's body tense up as she started to cum all over the vibrator. Kate screamed for a good thirty seconds as her orgasm washed over her. Shay kept fucking her, even after her orgasm was done, in hopes that Kate would have a second orgasm too. And sure enough, not long after, Kate started to slam her fists into the bed as she came again. 

After a few seconds, Shay pulled the vibrator from Kate's cunt as Kate collapsed onto the bed. The two of them lay there together for awhile, both unable to move. Finally, Shay looked at Kate and held up the vibrator.

"I think the three of us are going to be the best of friends."