 I went to college in another state; I just wanted to get as far away from home as I could. My parents were very old fashioned and straight laced. They expected me to be the same and I guess I was to some extent but not as bad as them. All my life I was dragged to church every time the doors were open. When I received scholarships from several different colleges, I took the one the most distant in order to get free of my stifling parents.

My roommate was a very pretty girl but she had some strange ways. The first time she came in the room I was studying at my desk. She introduced herself as Amy Henderson and I told her I was Brenda Abbott. She said she was glad I was her roommate. She was afraid she would get stuck with some geek that could only hold a man by nailing his feet to the floor. I couldn't help but be a little flattered that she approved of me with such enthusiasm.

"Let me see your panties."

"My panties?"

"Yeah, I want to see `em. You can tell a lot about a girl by her panties."

"Well, they're in that top drawer over there."

"No, I mean the ones you're wearing. You can also tell a lot by how a girl displays her panties when requested."

"You mean I should pull my skirt up so you can look at them?" 

"Yes."

"But that's so strange. I don't normally show other girls my panties."

"Well, you want to get along with me, don't you? You do want us to get off to a good start?"

"Of course I do. We're going to be together all year. I guess it's no big deal." I said nervously as I started to slide my skirt up my thighs.

"Well, that's good. Pull your skirt up a little more. Turn around and bend over a little." I think her interest in my backside is what prompted me to comply. I have a bit of excessive pride in my tight, well-rounded derriere. "Oh, your panties are perfect. I knew you'd have on virgin white with a high cut and a little bit sheer. I can see the cleft of your ass through your panties. You have a magnificent ass. It's just gorgeous."

Slightly embarrassed by her gushing approval, I couldn't help but beam a little in response. I smiled over my shoulder at her. I dismissed the incident as some quirk in her about her ability to guess what kind of panties a girl was wearing. That thought relaxed me a little since it did not seem to be a sexual thing and I liked the fact that she considered me attractive enough to be her roommate. I didn't want to mention to her that I was just a little bit of a geek. Maybe she wouldn't notice. After all, she would never look at my report cards, would she? I felt foolish holding my skirt up for her all this time but she didn't mention for me to drop it. She just looked at my behind with that enigmatic smirk on her face. 

After such a quirky start I wondered what other surprises my roommate might have but our relationship settled into something more ordinary.

Despite her concern that her roommate should be attractive to boys, Amy never dated. Not that she didn't have offers; our phone rang incessantly with hunky sounding men asking for her. She would talk pleasantly to them but always declined their offers to go out. She discussed with me very often how dating was distracting and disastrous to the GPA which was difficult enough to maintain for girls who were not geeks. I wandered momentarily how that made us any diferent from geeks but when I did start receiving calls from male classmates, I declined their offers. It just sort of seemed like that was expected of me by my roommate.

Then one Saturday afternoon, she started asking about my mother, what she looked like and how old she was. I replied that she was just an ordinary housewife but very religious. This somehow aroused her interest and she was adamant about seeing a picture of her. I did happen to have a photo of her and Dad so I showed it to her and she was extremely curious about my mother.

"What kind of panties does she wear?"

"Oh, Amy, I never noticed. She would certainly never allow me to see her that nearly naked."

"But surely you went shopping with her and watched her buy intimate things."

"I just never paid attention but I vaguely remember she just bought plain old underwear, three or four pairs to a package, mostly pink and quite full cut."

"Do you know her bra size?"

"No, not really."

"She looks like about a 36D in this picture."

"That's probably about right. She's quite full chested for a woman of such an ordinary build."

"I don't suppose she ever let you suck on 'em, huh?"

"No, that would be absurd. She would never allow me to see them, much less touch them. You just don't understand what an uptight, Bible thumping zealot she is."

"Mom lets me suck hers all the time."

"You're kidding."

"Her breasts are enormous."

"They...they are? What size does she wear?"

"Oh, she can't buy ready-mades. She has to special order them; probably from some awning company." Amy laughed so that my shocked self could recognize the joke.

"And she lets you suck on them?" I was dumbfounded to even be discussing such a thing.

"At first she didn't want me to but I was so persistent that she finally gave in. I would lie on the couch with my head in her lap and nuzzle against them and try to get her front opened. She objected strenuously at first but gradually allowed me more and more liberties until I finally had them out playing with them and sucking on them. She grew quite accustomed to it and would immediately open her blouse when I was around and Dad was not. She was a little distraught when I went away to college because she would have no one to do that for her. That's the main reason she's coming to visit and she'll be here in a few minutes."

"My god, don't we need to straighten things up a little?"

"No, don't worry about that. She'll want to do all that for us as soon as she gets here."

"My goodness! If my mother saw the place in this state, I would never hear the last of it."

"Mom just loves picking up after me."

I was no sooner introduced to her mother than the woman sauntered into the kitchen and made a pot of coffee. She served it to us and then went into Amy's bedroom where her suitcase was and changed into sweats, then proceeded to clean up the living room as though she lived there. Amy was not exaggerating about the woman's chest; each one was larger than a grapefruit and she gave an almost comical, top-heavy appearance as she scurried about, tidying up. Comical except for the fact that I couldn't stop thinking about Amy sucking on those huge titties. I grew more apprehensive as the evening wore on.

Finally she seemed satisfied and sat down on the sofa. I was in the easy chair across from her. Amy came in from playing computer games and just stretched out on the couch with her head in her mother's lap. I grew even more nervous as Amy started nuzzling against the woman's huge chest. "Amy, what are you doing? Stop that. Brenda will see..."

"Brenda knows all about what I do to you."

"My god, Amy, why did you tell her?"

"I didn't want to have to sneak around while you were here. Do you want me to take them out?"

"No, we shouldn't...not in front of her. Amy, stop."

"You know you want it. Maybe Brenda would like to see it. She may not even believe what I do to you."

"Well, I didn't come here to prove anything to your roommate."

"No, you came here to get your titties sucked and if you want 'em sucked, you better get 'em out, Mommy."

"You mean that's the only way you'll do it? Why can't we wait 'til we're alone. I'll be sleeping in your room."

"We're hypocrites at home because Dad's such a straight arrow but I refuse to sneak around in my own apartment. Let me unbutton you, Mommy, don't you want me to?"

"Oh, Amy, if you only knew how much I wanted it but please don't embarrass me this way in front of your friend."

Amy merely began rubbing her face against her mother's awesome tits and, despite her discomfort with me watching, she gradually became immersed in the pleasure of having her tits sucked and forgot her objections. The woman became more aroused and shamelessly raised her arms so Amy could pull the sweat shirt over her head to display her magnificent mounds of tantalizing titflesh, swaying back and forth in front of my mesmerized eyes. She leaned her head back over the couch as her daughter began to ravenously suck on her titties. Amy kissed them, licked them, sucked them and bit them and the mother groaned louder and louder in her tumultuous passion. She spread her arms over the back of the couch and leaned forward to offer more of her breasts to her daughter.

Completely fascinated, I leaned further and further until I found myself on my hands and knees, crawling towards the end of the sofa where Mrs. Henderson moaned in rapture. I was shocked into awareness when Amy stopped and looked at me. I felt so foolish there on my hands and knees watching her as she sucked on her mother's tit. "Do you want one?" She asked me calmly. Then she said to her mother, "Mommy, move over a little and let Brenda sit on the other side."

With a flashing glance of utter mortification, Mrs. Henderson complied. Amy sat up to give her room and she moved over. Her large breasts quivered all over her chest as I gazed at them in rapt fascination. 

"Crawl up further on the couch." Amy commanded me and I was not able to deny the need that completely dominated my mind. I eagerly slid up closer to Mrs. Henderson and engulfed a titty in my mouth. 

"Pull your skirt up and slip your panties down, Brenda." I was incapable of resistance. I did as she instructed, pulling my skirt up with one hand and hooking my other hand in my waistband to pull my panties down to midthigh. Enraptured by Mrs. Henderson's astounding tits, I did not resist as Amy put her hand behind my head and guided me into a prone position with my head in her mother's lap. I began to run my tongue all over her huge titty while Amy's hand strayed down to my ass. She pressed her middle finger deep into the cleft and began to rub my rosebud, driving me more and more delirious. I did not realize how sensitive my ass was to the touch of another girl's hand. My breathing was even more labored than hers or her mother's and they were breathing like quarter horses forced to run a mile. "Brenda, do you want me to spank you for sucking my momma without permission?" Amy asked quietly.

"No, please don't." I had to release a lot of titty to say that.

"If you do I'll let you look at her pussy."

I don't know why that offer was so tempting. I had never thought about looking at a woman's pussy but I was so caught up in the depravity of the situation that it seemed perfectly appropiate for Amy to make her mother take off her sweatpants and her panties.

"Will she take her sweats and panties completely off?" I hated to talk in front of the woman as though she wasn't there but she was totally oblivious to anything except her breasts being sucked. "Mommy. Mommy! Stand up so we can take your pants off." With just a touch of embarrassed reluctance, the woman slowly rose from the sofa and stood so Amy and I could pull her pants off.

"Do you want my girlfriend to see your pussy?"

"If she wants to, there seems to be no limits around here."

"Then you need to sit back down and spread your legs wide so she can see good, okay?"

Then I resumed sucking her titty but my head was above the nipple I had in my mouth so I could look down at her beckoning cunt. My hand moved towards her pussy of its own volition. Soon I was masturbating the woman while sucking furiously on her big tit. I heard a loud slap and felt an intense burning in my asscheeks, then another and another.

Soon I was crying hysterically as I masturbated the mother and sucked her breasts while her daughter spanked me with a vengeance. All this combined into a crescendo of orgasmic bliss as my mind blotted out everything but the sheer intensity of my feeling. I think I was aware of groans of ecstasy coming from Mrs. Henderson and I saw Amy's eyes shut tight as she slapped my ass one final time with her other hand under her skirt.

"Climb up on the couch and lean over the arm." Amy said to me. "Mommy will make your ass feel better." She declared. I could do nothing but comply and as I leaned over the arm and felt Mrs. Henderson's hot, fetid breath on my behind and then the marvelous liquid heat of her mouth and tongue as she worshipped my ass with her mouth. "I make her do this a lot but she seems to enjoy it more each time." Amy said.

The rest of Mrs. Henderson's stay was spent in an uninterrupted orgy and I learned to love sucking pussy. At Amy's insistant suggestion, I even tongued her asshole and found that degrading act to be horribly humiliating and absolutely exhilerating. 

When Amy casually suggested that I invite my mother for a long visit, I refused, paralyzed with foreboding anxiety. Her response was to take me over her lap and wallop my backside every evening until I finally agreed to do it. At first I was only highly aroused when she took down my panties and blistered my ass but her spanking gradually became more severe until the pain far outweighed the passion, so I gave in. I called Mom at a time I knew Dad would be usually be on a business trip. She seemed jubilant that she would have something to do while Dad was away and agreed immediately. I hung up and began worrying excessively. The day before her arrival, I was cleaning the apartment from top to bottom. Amy was disgusted with me. "Why don't you save some of that work for your mother to do?" "She spanked me when I was in diapers for leaving a toy on the floor. She's not likely to have changed much since then."

"I'll do the spanking around here. You just let me handle your Mom."

"I hope you can. YOu don't know my mom." "Maybe not but I know a lot about her type. Ensconced in her own home with her power clearly defined as probably delegated by your dad, I'm sure she was a total tyrant. But she will be a stranger here with no rituals of behavior and not completely certain how to act. She will recognize different authority here and respond to it." Amy said with such a tone of confidence that small chills ran up my spine.

The minute Mom walked in the door, Amy was very physical, hugging and squeezing and I recognized the discomfort Mom felt at being touched with such familiarity, especially by someone she hardly knew but she managed to repress her distaste and appear quite cordial.

When Mom approached the sofa to sit down, Amy stopped her with a very authoritative tone. "I see seams in your stockings and that's unusual nowadays. Are you wearing a garter belt?"

Mom was perplexed by such a question about her rather intimate apparel but she did respond, "No, not a belt. I...I...have straps on my..panty girdle."

"Panty girdle?" Amy could not control her mirth, "I didn't think they still made such things. Pull your skirt up before you sit down so we can see what you're wearing!" "Don't be silly! I have no intention of..." "In this apartment, you will do as you're told! We don't adhere to social restrictions that interfere with normal curiosity. You better get used to it right away!" Amy barked as she moved right up in Mom's shocked and speechless face. Perplexed, Mom looked at me. "Brenda, what's doing on here?"

"Shh, Mom, just do it. What does it matter? Amy gets so upset when her wishes are disregarded." I tried to ameliorate her outrage with soothing sounds, hoping Amy had not pushed her too far. Mom made a production out of lifting her skirt, so high that she exposed all of her panty girdle. I never imagined anyone would wear such an old fashioned thing. I was also highly distracted and aroused at the display of her luscious thighs, so firm and rounded that the the straps indented her soft curves. 

When she sat down, her skirt was high in her lap. The vision of her pretty legs made my pussy extremely moist. I was so habituated to sucking pretty girls, I had to hold the sides of my chair to keep from masturbating my yearning, throbbing pussy. With heavy breathing I waited to see what Amy would do next. "I noticed, Mrs. Abbott, that your choice of underwear sets the female gender back about fifty years."

"I suppose we are now discussing my panty girdle." Mom said with a lot of contempt in her voice. I was shocked by the nerve of her speaking to Amy that way and also by her reaching her hand under her skirt to finger her panty girdle as though to empahsize what she was talking about. I had the feeling that she was somehow aroused by the curt way she was being treated. It was almost like she couldn't help touching her pussy.

Amy must have reached the same conclusion for she increased the rudeness of her manner. "Why don't you stand up and hold your skirt out of the way so I can remove that constrictive garment? You'd feel a lot better if your pussy could breathe."

Mom almost fainted at the mention of the most obscene word she could imagine. Her face grew crimson and she shook her head as though unable to abide such depraved speech. Then, inexplicably, she began slowly to rise while holding her skirt up provocatively around her waist. My asshole cringed at the unbelievably sexy sight, her finely formed legs, sheer hose, sexy garters, lush thighs, and the breathtaking way the panty girdle firmed her already tight tummy. Mom merely stood there looking at Amy with a look of eager expectation.

It was the look of eager expectation on her face that struck me so hard. In my mind she had been unapproachable, a cold, distant, severely judgmental paragon of unrelenting virtue. I had never thought of her as having sexual feelings. But she wanted Amy to take her panties down. It was obvious on her face although she was trying valiently to appear unwilling. Her round, lush thighs were almost prancing in her nervousness as her hands clenched and unclenched her skirt, unconsciously showing more and more of her sensual panty girdle. She was a foolish, simpering, little schoolgirl, awash in her own unfathomable desires. She wanted Amy to defile her. 

And Amy did. She walked slowly over to her and placed her hands in the waistband of Mom's panty and started working the tightly clinging garment down over her hips. Mom tried to utter some words of protest but each sentence died and fluttered into silence. All the while she was moving her hips back and forth to help Amy get the panty off. Amy stopped when the girdle was at the fullest part of her round thighs. Mom looked more than naked standing there, holding her skirt up, with her panties at half mast. 

Her pussy was extraordinary. Her untrimmed pubes were very scarcely haired and her perfect, puffy lips drew attention to her mindnumbing cleft. I wanted to do nothing but kiss it. Her face was cast down and she was probably crushed in the throes of undying embarrassment as we looked at her.

"Take your panty girdle and hose off," Amy told her in a measured tone, obviously making Mom relinquish the pretense that she was an unwitting participant.

Mom released her skirt and bent over as she pushed her panty girdle and seamed hose down her legs and off her feet. "I suppose you young girls are simply adamant about being comfortable in your apartment," she said nervously.

"Sit down on the sofa," Amy instructed.

"Should I pull my skirt back up?"

"If you like. You have such great legs; I'm sure you don't mind us looking at them."

"Oh, no, not at all. It's just us girls, for heaven's sakes."

Amy and I both sat down on either side of her. Our hands immediately moved to her gorgeous thighs. I put one hand behind her knee and drew her beautiful leg up and out while intensely rubbing the inside of her thigh with the other. Amy did the same with her other leg. Mom's breathing became erratic as her legs were drawn apart and her pussy began to expand and open, moisture started to accumulate on her lips. She was dying to be fondled and Amy and I responded by both cupping her pussy and working our fingers inside.
