 Lorna woke up with a start. Sitting up on her bed, she glanced at the alarm clock to make sure she hadn't overslept. It told her the time was seven fifty six. Sighing quietly in relief she saw the calendar and saw the one thing that made her hate that day.

It was October nineteenth, her birthday.

Her parents were unlikely to send her anything - when she had moved to university they had essentially disowned her and she had only managed to secure her room due to a very kind grandmother and the fact she was sharing with someone else.

Lorna was a diminutive, slender and very pretty young girl, with light black hair cut into a bob, a thin but gorgeous face, pouty lips and piercing sapphire blue eyes. Her frame was thin, with perfect A-cup breasts and a firm but small rear.

Her roommate was a woman who was almost her polar opposite. Lucy was tall and athletic, with 32B breasts and a peachy ass on a frame held up by enviable long legs. Her hair was long and straight, with multi-coloured tips. Her face was cherubic, with a button nose, full lips and chocolate brown eyes that twinkled with mischief. Making her even sexier were the tattoos that covered her arms, along with the small tattoo around her belly button.

Lucy was the closest thing Lorna knew to a nymphomaniac. 

As Lorna stared at her roommate, she found herself slightly hypnotised. Lucy was lying face down in her bed, the covers covering only part of her torso - Lorna could see the swell of her breast and the curve of her ass under the sheet. Her long legs were visible and so were every one of her tattoos.

Then the alarm went off.

Lorna scrambled to silence it, hoping it wouldn't wake Lucy. She slapped it into silence, then glanced back at Lucy. Too late. Lucy was staring at her with a grin.

"Sorry Lucy." Lorna apologised. Lucy sat up, the sheet falling away to show she had been sleeping nude again. It was unsurprising, as she had been with a boy the night before - Lorna had spotted cum in Lucy's hair and on her face when she had returned.

"It's okay honey." Lucy smiled. "I have a nine a.m lecture anyway."

Lucy got out of bed and crossed to her chest of drawers. Lorna watched her as she moved with a graceful gait. Lorna watched, mesmerised, as Lucy sifted through her drawers and found underwear. She only realised she was staring when Lucy spoke.

"See anything you like?" she challenged playfully. Lorna snapped out of her stare, embarrassed.

"I'm sorry." She mumbled.

"It's okay sweetie." Lucy smiled. She turned back to her drawers and pulled out a pair of black women's boxers. She slid them on, bending over for just a little bit longer than necessary - Lorna realised that she couldn't take her eyes off Lucy's ass and pussy, which looked like it was wet.

"Happy birthday by the way." Lucy laughed softly.

"Thanks."

"I've got you a present."

"What? Seriously?" Lorna asked as Lucy slipped a matching bra on.

"You didn't think I would forget my favourite girl's birthday did you?" Lucy laughed. "Close your eyes and I'll get it."

Lorna paused, but decided to trust her friend. Closing her eyes, she waited for Lucy to retrieve whatever she had for her. Moments later, she felt her bed dip slightly as Lucy sat beside her.

"Ready for your present?"

"Yeah."

"Keep your eyes closed." Lucy whispered. A moment later, she felt Lucy's hand slip round to the back of her neck, and then a pair of soft lips touch her own. Lorna was confused for a second, then realised Lucy was kissing her and froze.

Lucy immediately released her and backed off.

"I'm so sorry Lorna. I really am." She exclaimed, making to get off the bed. Lorna grabbed her wrist to stop her, making her look back.

"Lucy, it's okay. I know you're bisexual. It just shocked me is all."

"Sorry."

"Why did you kiss me? I'm not angry, honey, I promise. It's just that...we've been roommates for a year now, and as I said I know you're bisexual. But you've shown no interest in me in that way, and all of a sudden, out of the blue - you kiss me. It's just confusing."

"Lorna, I need you to know something. The day you moved in, I kind of developed a crush on you. You're funny, intelligent, not to mention gorgeous. But you always made it clear you didn't have any lesbian tendencies, so I didn't take advantage. But I've seen the way you look at me and it makes me happy. So, if you want it, for your birthday, I'm giving you the only present I can think of...me."

"What do you mean?" Lorna frowned.

"I want you to be my girlfriend - my only girlfriend." Lucy explained, making Lorna's jaw drop.

Lucy was being utterly serious, which made Lorna realise that Lucy's feelings for her were really strong enough that she was willing to forsake all her other partners just to be with Lorna. This made Lorna's heart skip a beat.

"You want to be my girlfriend?"

"Yes. If you want me..." Lucy smiled. Lorna paused.

"I've never been with a woman..."

"I'd be your first and your only. I know where to start if you're willing."

"Where?"

"By letting me kiss you again." Lucy smiled a little wider. Lorna took a deep breath, then nodded.

"Kiss me. I want to know whether I could like kissing a woman." She smiled. Lucy smiled back, then placed her hand back on Lorna's neck and pulled her gently into another kiss. Lorna closed her eyes and focused on the sensation.

Lucy's lips were soft and warm, seemingly fitting perfectly with her own. The kiss deepened and became more passionate as both women lay beside each other, their lips never parting. Their arms and hands slid around each other, Lucy's hand squeezing Lorna's ass. Lorna moaned into Lucy's mouth.

After kissing nonstop for several minutes, they broke apart, both girls breathless.

"That was amazing..." Lorna gasped. Lucy stroked her cheek softly.

"You really know how to kiss..." She giggled. They lay in silence for a while, staring into each other's eyes.

"Lucy?"

"Yeah baby?"

"Would you go out with me?" Lorna asked. Lucy's face split into an incredible smile.

"I'd love to." She laughed, kissing Lorna again. She followed this by kissing along her neck and collarbone. Lorna moaned softly, relishing the sensation.

Then her second alarm went off, scaring both girls.

"Shit! I'm going to be late!" Lorna exclaimed, scrambling to dress. Lucy dressed at a more sedate pace. Before Lorna made to dash out of the door, Lucy grabbed her and pulled her into a soft, slow kiss.

"Bye baby. We'll finish this later." She smiled.

"Definitely." Lorna laughed, pecking Lucy's cheek and dashing out of the door.

---

Lucy ran up the three flights of stairs to the flat and pushed the door open. As it was unlocked, she knew Lorna was home, a fact that was proven by the sound of the shower running. As Lorna was a sports student, she was most likely showering to remove the sweat and dirt of her lessons.

This thought made Lucy soak her panties, as Lorna had come home many times head to toe in both dirt and sweat, and the way she looked after a shower was absolutely breathtaking. A naughty thought occurred to her and she stripped off before entering the bathroom completely naked. What she saw made her almost orgasm on the spot.

Lorna was washing her hair, but the overall effect of the steam shrouding her beautiful figure and the water trickling down her flawless skin was incredible. Lucy slipped into the shower, wrapping her arms around her girlfriend. Lorna leaned into her embrace, and Lucy took the opportunity to kiss her.

"Hey beautiful." Lorna smiled.

"I'm sorry but you looked so sexy dripping wet."

"Really? You like me wet?" Lorna chuckled, gasping as Lucy cupped her breasts and gently squeezed her nipples.

"Oh, so very much." Lucy laughed as her hand slowly snaked lower. Just as her fingers brushed Lorna's smooth mound, she hesitated.

"Do it..." Lorna demanded, correctly interpreting Lucy's hesitation as a request for permission. Lucy kissed Lorna softly, her finger sliding into Lorna's wet, tight pussy. Lorna moaned. Lucy couldn't believe how wanton her roommate had become since Lucy had kissed her. Lorna turned in her grip and kissed her fully, her own fingers finding their way into Lucy's soaking hole.

Both girls energetically finger fucked each other, their heads on each other's shoulders as they gasped their enjoyment of what the other was doing. Lucy was approaching an immense orgasm when Lorna whispered something in her ear, making her heart leap.

"I love you Lucy." She gasped. Lucy erupted, her pussy gushing all over the floor. Lorna followed soon after, her juices flowing like a waterfall over Lucy's hand. Lorna collapsed against the shower wall, and Lucy collapsed on her.

"Did you say what I think you said?" Lucy asked after a while.

"Depends what you think I said..."

"My minds a little addled from the orgasm, but I thought you said you love me."

"I did." Lorna answered. Lucy learned back to see Lorna smiling sweetly at her.

"I love you too Lorna." She answered. They kissed chastely for several minutes, holding each other under the warm water, then Lucy turned it off and whispered, "Let's get you dry, shall we?"