 I can't describe what made me walk into the bathroom at that moment but I'm glad I did. She was just stepping out of the shower and was reaching for her towel. Our eyes locked and I swear I stopped breathing for a second. She was beautiful. I knew she was pretty but damn, without clothes on she was a knockout. I would never have thought that I could have been so turned on by seeing my roommate naked. I must have stood there like an idiot just staring at her. She gave me this look that told me to follow her. We walked to her bedroom where she smiled at me as she began to dry herself off. I watch her lay down on her bed and summon me to join her. I couldn't believe it. She was seducing me! This was what I'd been waiting for and now that it was happening I didn't know what to do. 

I climbed onto the bed and stared at her. I could see the desire in her eyes. Hell, I was sure the desire was bursting out of mine. I had never really thought this day would happen. I often imagined what I do but I never really expected it to come true. Now that it was I didn't know where to begin. I must have just sat there staring at her taking in her beauty for a while. Finally I got the nerve up to touch her. I reach over and stoked her nipple. It responded immediately to my touch. I looked at her as I leaned over and circled her nipple with my tongue. She arched toward me and I gently took it into my mouth and sucked on it. I leaned over and using my hand played with her other nipple. Here I was sucking on her breast! 

I was getting so turned on and excited as I lay there sucking, licking and fondling her breasts. I decided to be a little bolder. I started to run my hand down her stomach to the top of her beautiful pussy. I wasn't sure if I should continue. I had my hand barely touching her hair but I knew that I might never get this chance again so I boldly continued downward. I curled her pubic hair around my fingers as I continued to play with her breasts. I could tell by the way her body moved that she wanted more – she wanted me to find her clit and massage it with my fingers. I wanted to please her so much. I got my finger wet and found her waiting clit and rubbed it – circling it. I was making her moan but I wasn't done yet.

I decided to do what I really wanted – to taste her sweet honey. I licked my way down her body to the treasure box below. I used my fingers to spread her nice and wide – then I teasingly flicked her clit with my tongue. God, her response was so passionate. She arched her back and grabbed my hair caressing it as I took her delicate bud into my mouth and suckled it. I was rubbing her pussy lips – stroking her moist opening. I ran my tongue up and down licking up her delicious juices. I couldn't get enough of her. She tasted so heavenly to me. I went back to licking and massaging her clit with my tongue and slowly began inserting one and then two fingers inside her – curling upward trying to reach that magical spot. She was moaning and moving her hips wildly – wanting so much more.

I let my tongue travel over her clit – licking her and sucking it tenderly into my mouth as my fingers worked in and out of her love canal. Hmmmm, she was so hot and wet. I licked me way to her love entrance and dove my tongue into her as deeply as I could – lapping up her juices. Licking her and tonguing her at the same time was driving her wild. Suddenly she tensed and came – her cream pouring out for me to lick. Hmmm – she tasted so good. I looked up at her and saw that this was just the beginning – she wasn't done yet. I couldn't wait to see what she was going to do next.

She motioned for me to lay down and she reach into her nightstand drawer and pulled out a so real looking dildoe. She laid her head on my stomach and teasingly ran her finger up and down my very moist opening. I was so excited and ready that that mere touch of her finger had me arching upward trying to get more. She took the tip of her dildoe and traced it along the same path that her finger just took wetting the tip completely. Then she inserted it – just the tip into my aching pussy. God, I moaned so loudly as she teased me. I moved frantically trying to get more inside of me as she leaned down and flicked my clit with her tongue. That made me moan – well roar actually as I grabbed her head and held her tight against my hard clit in wild passion. I couldn't believe this was happening. Here was my sexy roommate licking my clit and fucking me with her dildoe. She was pushing more and more in as she sucked and licked my clit. Oh, I wanted to cum so badly. I loved how she was making me feel. She began fucking me harder, faster – pushing it all in and making me scream with passion. Oh god it was feeling so good. 

Suddenly she pulled it out and got off the bed. I cried my dismay as I watched her got to her closet pull out her strap on cock and walk back to me. My eyes were wide with disbelief. The damn thing was so thick – I had my doubts about it fitting. She had a interesting gleam in her eye as she told me to turn over, get on my knees and lift my gorgeous ass to her. I saw the look in her eyes that told me that she wasn't going to take no for an answer so I willingly complied. On my knees, with my ass upward just for her – I trembled with anticipation of the total joy that was to cum. She leaned down and kissed and licked my ass cheeks – as she stroked my wet pussy with her fingers. She ran the tip of her "cock" back and forth across my dripping wet entrance – soaking it with my juices. Oh – I pushed back trying to get it in - she slapped my ass and told me to behave and wait like a good girl. 

I was so damn excited that I didn't know how much longer I could wait. She lined the tip up with my entrance and only pushed the very tip in – moving it in a circle. I moaned and clenched my fists into the sheets. I wanted it all and I wanted it now but she was going to tease me first. As she very slowly pushed more into me – inch by inch – she fingered me too. When her finger was wet from my excitement she ran it up to my ass and began massaging my hole there. I thought I was going to cum right then. I bucked and trembled – biting the pillow to keep from screaming. It felt so good. Soon she had it all inside me – that's when she stopped and just stood there making me enjoy the feeling of being completely filled. I couldn't be still. My hips were moving back and forth. Here she was fucking me, rubbing my ass and now she was rubbing my clit too! I couldn't hold back – I tightened and came harder then I ever did before. Oh my GOODNESS! I felt like I had exploded into a thousand super sensitive pieces. She was fucking me hard as I came increasing my pleasure a hundred fold. I collapsed forward barely breathing. She eased out of me and smiled. I knew this was only the beginning.