 Roommates are always an issue. I have had roommates that turned out to be my best friend and roommates that I hated. At the end of my junior year of undergrad my three (good) roommates moved out. That meant three new roommates would move in within a couple of weeks.

The first one moved in within a couple of days. Her name was Cameron. I didn't see her much. She spent most of her time at her boyfriend's place.

A couple of days later Janet moved in. She was one of the people I couldn't stand. She had her nose in my business like there was no tomorrow. Why in the world she needed to know where I was going every time I left the apartment was beyond me.

Then the third moved in. Her name was Jackyln. She had dark hair that cascaded down the length of her back, legs that seemed to never end and a body that competed with that of the Hooters girl of the year. 

She seemed nice enough. She invited everyone in the apartment whenever she went out, though I always turned down the invite. 

I was the type of girl who stayed in. I did my homework and saw my friends at class. I was, to be completely honest a loser. And to add to that I was a prude. I'd only had one boyfriend, he was the only one I'd ever kissed. 

I was a very sexual person, but I NEVER let that get the best of me. I considered anything having to do with sex wrong. Whenever a sexual thought crossed my mind I ignored it. I changed the topic to something less racy. And whenever a thought about how attractive my new roommate was I got very nervous.

But I couldn't help it. Her 34 C cup breasts taunted me. She walked around the apartment in a tank top that exposed her hard nipples. I longed to touch them, to feel them, to kiss them. I felt guilty. Here I was thinking these horrible thoughts about my roommate when she had a boyfriend. 

I had just gotten out of the shower when I heard a knock at my door. "Just a second," I yelled as I looked for something to cover myself with. There was a sweatshirt lying on the floor, it would work. I pulled it over my firm butt and zipped up the front to cover my perky breasts.

I opened the door and Jackyln was dressed to go out. She was in a silver shirt that clung to her in just the right places. I gave her a once over. After realized what I had just done I felt my face flush and hoped she hadn't noticed.

"I'm going out with Anna and Libby tonight. You up for a girls night out?" if she had noticed my appraisal she didn't let on.

"I don't... actually ya. That sounds good."

"Really?" she said shocked. "Not that I don't want you to come, it's just..." she trailed off.

"I know what you mean. I just never go. I get it. But I'm in a mood tonight. I'm ready for some fun. But can I ask for some help?"

She nodded.

"I have nothing to wear."

She smiled and nodded then grabbed my hand. Her soft touch was like fire it was so hot. She led me to her room. "Have a seat on my bed. We're about the same size. I think we can find something for you from my closet." 

At first that made me nervous. She wore clothes that were a lot more revealing that I would have been caught dead in. But then I decided tonight was going to be different. Tonight I was going to have fun.

She proceeded to pull out a jean micro-mini and a piece of hot pink material with multiple strings. "Yes, I think this will look great."

"Thanks." I was about to say, 'I'll go try it on in my room' but I decided against it.

I stood up and our eyes locked. I took the clothes that were in her hands and "accidentally" dropped the shirt on the floor. When I bent over my ass cheeks were exposed, then my smooth pussy for her to see. I heard a gasp.

Acting like I didn't hear it I walked to my room and put on the slutty clothes. After appraising myself in the mirror I walked out to the living room. I assumed she would be there. She wasn't.

I heard a muffled noise coming from her room. It got louder as I got closer. When I reached the half open door I hid myself from her view (not that she was really aware of what was going on outside of her mind) and watched as she touched herself.

She was rubbing her clit back and for back and forth. Every once in awhile she would tease herself and almost penetrate her cunt. At first I watched because she was turning me on. Jacklyn was getting herself off and I was going to need to next. But when she said "Oh Jenni, Jenni, Jennnnniiiiiiiii," I became more interested. She was getting off to the thought of me. Me, plain old me.

Her body began to shake as she climaxed. I had never been as horny as I was at that moment in time. She laid there on her bed, out of breath, tired and sexy as hell.

Should I go in there with her? Should I go into my room and pleasure myself? So many questions ran through my head. I didn't know what to do. The one thing I knew what that I was horny. I felt my hand slip under the skirt, happy that I had decided against panties I could feel my wetness anew.

I slipped a finger inside myself and took a taste. So sweet, so salty, so sexy. It was then that I knew what I was going to do.

I pushed Jacklyn's door open all the way and walked in. She said up looking embarrassed (she had no pants on and a finger still lay inside of her). "Ummm..." she obviously didn't know what to say.

"Yes. I saw... and heard everything." I smiled.

"You... What do... Are..." she string more than a couple of words together.

I took the finger that had recently been inside her pussy and slipped it into my mouth. I sucked all of her juices off and savored her taste. Then took the same finger and ran it between my pussy lips to show her how wet I was.

At this realization she smiled, "I had no idea you like girls."

"I don't. I like you."

I leaned over her prostrate body and tentatively kissed her. She pulled me on top of her and proceeded to flip me over so she was on top. She kissed me more passionately and I felt everything build up strong and stronger. I had never felt this way before, I loved it. 

She leaned over and pulled something out of her nightstand. Before I realized what was going on she had handcuffed me to the bed. Normally I would have thought it was weird. But it just made me want her more.

She kissed my lips and sucked on my tongue. Then she kissed my ear and flicked her tongue into my ear. I went crazy, I needed her touch. 

As if knowing what I wanted she smiled evily and said, "Not yet."

She sucked on one nipple until I was moaning while pinching and flicking the other. The left a trail down my stomach where she had ever-so-lightly licked me. She stopped just above the button on the jean skirt.

Then slowly, ever so slowly took her time unbuttoning the skirt and lowering it off my body. As it brushed over my hips I felt a surge of want. 

She climbed back on top of me and said, "Jenni, you will NEVER forget tonight."

Jacklyn expertly slipped her tongue between my pussy lips and I heard myself moan. She began to tease my clit with her tongue and then continued with her finger. I was most appreciative that she moved her tongue to my clit. Her finger moved faster and faster on my clit as her tongue flicked and teased my pussy.

I felt my body grow more and more aroused. I felt my clit pulsing harder and harder and I felt dizzy with lust. I squirmed with pleasure and it made me realize I was bound to the bed frame. "You don't think I'm about to let you go now do you Jenni?"  

I panted and tried to tell her I didn't want to get away, that I was feeling so good, but all that came out was a long moan. I couldn't speak. 

My body began shaking and quivering under her touch and I knew I was close to the biggest orgasm of my life. "Don't stop. Don't stop" I said in between breaths.

She continued to flick her tongue at my cunt as she rubbed my clit fast and faster. As I climaxed I screamed, "Oh Jacklyn!"

She fell down next to me on the bed looking tired and satisfied.

"You were right, I'm NEVER going to forget that!"

"You don't think we're done yet do you? That was just the beginning."