 Author's Note: This story is a complete reworking of my earlier story, "Obsession". I was never really happy with that one, and from the feedback, neither were the readers, so I rewrote it to take a totally different direction in the ending. I also changed it to be told from Alyson's perspective. The original "Obsession" is still there if you want to read it.

*****

Damn, I thought, she's doing it again!

"She" is Melissa, my roommate, and "it" is Melissa's distracting habit of running around our apartment half-naked. That day she was just in bra and panties, as she stood ironing some clothes for her date that night. They were pretty skimpy little panties that left nothing to the imagination. Well, actually, they left a lot to my imagination. Melissa's panties were tiny - not a thong but very low cut, just a thin strip of fabric stretched across her wide hips, barely covering her pubic mound and in the back, exposing the top half of her butt crack. 

Melissa's antics always drove me crazy. It's not that I'm a prude, not at all. In fact, it's just the opposite. The real problem was that I wanted Melissa, wanted her badly, but I was afraid to risk our friendship by making any move to get what I wanted. Instead, I simply discouraged her from doing the things that aroused me. "Melissa," I gently chided, "put some clothes on!" 

Melissa responded with an annoyed frown. She just didn't seem to get it. I suspect that she actually liked doing this, liked the free feeling of being almost naked. I wondered if Melissa actually knew what effect she had on me and enjoyed it, too. I also wondered if she ever walked around the apartment completely naked when I wasn't there. The thought of that really intrigued me.

"The shades are up," I added. "People can see in."

"Oh, okay, okay!" Melissa responded at last, a bit exasperated by my concern. "Damn, Alyson, just let me finish this!"

I just sat and watched as Melissa flitted around the living room, picking up one article of clothing after another as she tried to decide what would look best. That night's date seemed to be a really big deal to her, but I couldn't understand why. It was just another guy, nobody special as far as I could tell.

Perhaps it was important to Melissa because she didn't get quite as many dates as I did. That seemed odd, but it was true. Not to brag, but I pretty much got all the men I wanted, and yes, more than Melissa. I'm told I have a "bubbly personality" and a cute face, framed by long, dark brown hair, and big, brown eyes. I also have a wide mouth and a bright, easy smile. I'm a happy person. And the guys seem to like my body, too. I have a pretty nice one, if I do say so myself - five-foot, four inches, with full boobs and a cute little butt. I'm very proud of my butt, and it gets me a lot of attention from the guys. 

So, yes, I probably do get more male attention, but Melissa has her own type of beauty - not the "cute little babe" look, but elegant and winsome, very hot in her own way. She has a pretty, heart-shaped face and thick, chestnut hair that comes down onto her shoulders. She doesn't have that quick, flashy smile, but when you do earn her smile, you treasure it and it draws you in. And at this time of year, when the onset of summer brings out a girlish sprinkling of freckles across her narrow nose and lightens her hair to a softer brown, she looks absolutely adorable. Yes, Melissa is very pretty.

For me, though, it is Melissa's body that is enthralling. There are times when I just can't take her eyes off her. Melissa is quite tall - five foot ten - but she is no beanpole. She has a dancer's legs - beautiful, long legs that fill out her jeans with a delicious, muscular shape that is athletic but also curvy and feminine. She is smaller on top, at least for her size, but her hips - oh god, I love her hips! They are perfectly proportioned for her height, wide, but not "fat". Melissa's pelvis fits her size - broad and full, very womanly, and accented by a surprisingly small waist that gives her bottom half the perfect curve of a classic "hourglass" figure. When she wears her favorite tight, low-cut jeans, she looks amazing. 

The simple truth was that I really wanted to do Melissa. I had felt that way for a while, perhaps even a few years back, when we were roommates in college, though at the time the feelings weren't so clear to me. Now though, I was just dying to get at her. All I could think of was having those luscious hips in my hands while I buried my face between her legs, tasting her essence and giving her all the pleasure she could take. But alas, Melissa appeared to be hopelessly straight. It was not to be.

Later that night, I was home alone, drinking a little wine and watching TV. Melissa was gone on her big date and would not be back for several hours, or, if things went well, not until morning. I couldn't help thinking about that, about this guy making love to Melissa and how Melissa would respond. It was a vision I often raised in my mind, of Melissa moaning and writhing in pleasure, ending in the throes of orgasm. It excited me to think about it. And I was certain that I could make Melissa cum harder and more often than some horny, impatient guy. If only I could get the opportunity!

Just as those thoughts were going through my mind, the door opened abruptly. It was Melissa. She was wearing the sexy black dress that she had picked out for her date. She looked really, really hot in that dress, as it hugged her hips and showed off plenty of leg. But the look on her face was not a happy one.

"Oh gosh," I said, "you're home early."

"Yeah," Melissa replied sullenly. "That was a total bust. No chemistry whatsoever." She stared straight ahead for a second, as if reviewing her disappointing night, then added, "I'm going to go change."

Minutes later, Melissa was back, looking much more casual in cutoff jeans and a simple top. As usual, the shorts were low-cut, and she had tied the top up in a knot, revealing about four inches of her bare midriff. That patch of skin had been driving me crazy for months. Now, after the thoughts I'd been having and enhanced by the wine, the sight cruelly teased me and just cranked up my desire. Melissa came to the sofa and sat down next to me, completely oblivious to my state of mind. 

"God, I'm so fucking horny now!" she complained. "I really needed some fun tonight." 

That was the last thing I needed to hear right then! I snuck a quick look at Melissa's flat, bare belly, at the perfect indentation of her navel, and felt a new twinge of desire surge through me. 

Exhaling with an exhausted "Whew!" Melissa lay back in the sofa, stretching her arms over her head in a pose that caused her shirt to rise up even farther, exposing even more skin. It was too much to resist. I reached over and playfully ran my finger over Melissa's abdomen. Melissa's stomach twitched in response and she let out a little "Eek!"

Undaunted, I gave her a bratty grin and did it again, this time with all four fingers, and lower, just above the low-slung waist of her shorts. "You're pretty proud of this, aren't you?" I said breathily, as my fingers moved boldly back and forth over the soft skin.

"What do you mean?" Melissa asked, her tone slightly defensive. 

"Oh, I just mean that you like to show off your belly. That's not bad," I added quickly, "You have a really nice stomach, firm and flat. It is pretty sexy, if you ask me." I tried to give Melissa an inviting smile as my fingers continued to caress her. Then I grew bolder, letting my fingers stray just under Melissa's waistband. That drew a stronger response. 

"Alyson!" she scolded, removing my hand with a laugh and a good-natured slap, "I'm horny already. You don't need to make it worse!"

Despite her objections, I saw my opening. I let my fingers trail lightly on Melissa's bare leg, then gave her a sly smile and said, "I'm sorry, Mel. I know you had a bad night. And I don't mean to make it worse, babe." I cocked my head in an inquiring pose. "In fact, maybe I can make it better."

Melissa got my implication, but she looked at me skeptically. "Alyson, what are you thinking? We're not lesbians. You're just drunk."

"Well, I am a little drunk, and no, I'm not a lesbian, but I have fooled around a couple of times. And besides ... well ... you said you were horny." My hand was now firmly parked on Melissa's upper thigh, my fingers still moving just a tiny bit. I decided to go for it. I leaned in to nuzzle Melissa's neck, rubbing my lips seductively over her soft skin.

Melissa squirmed a little and pulled away. She looked intently at me and then asked, simply, "So when was this, when you fooled around with girls?"

"Well," I proceeded cautiously, "Do you remember Stephanie, from my work?"

"Stephanie?" Melissa replied, "Oh yeah, Stephanie" She rolled her eyes derisively. "'The Blonde Bod', right? Yeah, I remember her." 

Melissa's nickname for Stephanie was not a compliment. The eye-roll reflected Melissa's feelings about her. She thought Stephanie was full of herself and kind of a bitch. But I think that she was actually also rather envious of her, of her body, especially her large, firm breasts. Stephanie made her feel a little insecure about her own body. Nonetheless, Melissa could not resist inquiring further. "So, what about her?" she asked tentatively.

"Well," I told her, "remember her party, the one you skipped? And I stayed at her place that night because I was too drunk to drive? Well, she was drunk, too, and well... we did it."

Melissa eyed me sideways, thinking about what she had just heard. Finally, she asked, "And what exactly does 'it' mean?"

I said nothing for a moment and then answered with a little smile, "It means I did her, Melissa. We had sex. I went down on her. I ate her out."

Melissa's mouth dropped, her eyes wide, "Seriously?" she asked. "Alyson, seriously??? You did 'The Blonde Bod'???"

I raised my eyebrows playfully, and displayed a smug "look at me" smile. Melissa stared at me for a bit and then gave me own playful grin. "Why Alyson," she said, "you little devil." Then she asked, hesitantly, "So how was it? Did you like it? Was that the only time?"

"That was the only time with Steph," I said, "but I've done a couple of other girls, too. And yeah, I liked it. I really liked it. It was fun." I smiled mischievously, "I know you don't really like her, but you can't deny that Steph is really hot." I let a few seconds elapse for effect, then leaned in to whisper the rest in Melissa's ear. "It really was amazing. I made her cum, babe. And she told me I was really, really good." 

I sat back to let that thought sink in. Then I added, in the most seductive voice I could muster, "So, don't you want to find out how good I am?"

Before Melissa could answer, I took the initiative, leaning in to place one soft, gentle kiss on Melissa's neck. Melissa didn't really respond, but she also didn't object, so I leaned in again, this time adding a little tongue to the process. Melissa did respond this time, subtly, but a clear, quiet moan. Yeah, she was horny. Encouraged, I moved around to place a soft kiss on Melissa's mouth, running my tongue lightly over her lips. After a brief pause with still no objection, I went in once again, this time opening my mouth against Melissa's and pushing my tongue forward. To my surprise and delight, Melissa opened up to let me in. 

With no resistance, my tongue did a slow dance in Melissa's mouth, our tongues swabbing wetly over each other, our passions rising. I worked a long, sexy lick around Melissa's teeth and tongue, and Melissa responded with a deep, low moan, clutching at me, pulling me tight against her. I thought I was going to lose it when she did that! I could feel myself getting very wet as our kissing continued. Everything was going just as I'd hoped, just as I'd always imagined it!

I returned to Melissa's neck, placing light, sexy kisses there as Melissa closed her eyes and dropped her head back to give her more access. My God, she looked lovely! I used one hand to caress her cheek while the other hand snuck down to run softly over Melissa's small, A-cup breasts. It excited me to touch them, even over her bra and through the fabric of her top. The mere fact that I was touching them was another indication of Melissa's willingness, one more step toward what I really wanted - to taste Melissa's pussy.

Becoming bolder, I slipped my hand down, across the smooth, soft skin of Melissa's belly and up under her top. Both of us responded, I with a little whimper of joy and Melissa with an involuntary, pleasurable contraction of her abdomen. My hand moved higher, up to Melissa's bra, and then under it to find her breast and nipple. I broke our kiss and stared intently into Melissa's eyes, searching for a reaction as I played with her titties.

"You like?" I asked quietly, smiling warmly.

"Oh Alyson," Melissa sighed. "I had no idea."

My smile grew wider. "I've been wanting to do this for a long time," I said, gently twisting the nipple between my fingers. "You're just so beautiful, so sexy!"

Melissa didn't answer, but her fervent moan and the way she pulled me back to kiss her said everything. We made out like that for a while, with me taking the lead, fondling her breasts, then moving my hand down to caress the exposed flesh above the waist of Melissa's pants. I let my hand move around her waist, to Melissa's rear, where my fingers slipped into the back of her pants, playing lightly in the top of her asscrack.

"Oooh!" Melissa exclaimed in mock shock. 

I responded with a simple flash of my eyes. I could tell my breathing had become deeper, heavier. Between breaths I said, "Why don't we go to my room?" Melissa's response was a simple nod.

My heart was pounding as Melissa led the way. Right behind her, I eyed her swaying hips hungrily as she walked. I was trying not to let my desire show, but that was impossible. I just wanted her so badly. Luckily, Melissa didn't seem to mind.

We plopped onto the bed in a sitting position. I immediately began kissing again, my head bent back slightly to adjust to our height difference. I broke off to whisper, "I'm going to do you so good, babe, so good." Melissa smiled at my enthusiasm as I tugged at her top, pulling it up and off. Melissa sensed what I wanted and reached back to undo her bra, slipping it off. I immediately dipped my head down to Melissa's chest.

I worked on Melissa's nipples, licking over and around the left one, then taking the little nub into my mouth, biting lightly, then sucking hard, making Melissa groan. I let out a little whimper of my own. I was so excited to finally be doing this. My hand worked on Melissa's other nipple, twisting and rolling the little morsel between thumb and forefinger until it was hard and swollen. I could feel Melissa's body trembling from the stimulation - from my mouth on her breasts, but also from the hand that was now trailing seductively down her torso, over her ribs, to the smooth, soft skin of her abdomen. 

I let my hand wander down to the beltline of Melissa's shorts. I slipped my hand inside, hardly believing that this was really happening, that Melissa was not stopping me. The shorts were tight, but not too tight, and I was able to get my hand all the way in, until my fingers were in the heat of Melissa's crotch. Slipping inside her panties, I was thrilled to find the warm, wet slit of her cunt.

"Alyson," Melissa started to object, "No... oh god, No ... Oh god, never mind. Yesssss!!"

I moved the end of my middle finger slowly several times along the length of Melissa's pussy, stroking the soft, supply flesh of her labia. Finally, I dipped inside. Damn, it felt so good in there! Melissa whimpered quietly as she coated my finger with warm, buttery fluids. Then she groaned as I pushed it all the way in, letting out an excited little cry myself.

I held my finger there for a few long seconds, enjoying the feel of it, the tight, moist heat of Melissa's cunt. I could feel it throbbing with desire around my finger. I rotated it inside her and then stroked slowly in and out, making Melissa whimper. I stuck to fingering her for a while, but then I wanted more. "I think we should get naked," I breathed. 

Melissa smiled meekly and stood up to undo her belt, then unzipped her shorts and stepped out of us. She was about to take off her panties, but I stopped her. "Wait," I said, "leave those on for now. You look so hot in them!" Then I took off my own clothes, all the while devouring Melissa's near-nakedness with my eyes.

I moved back to the bed and pulled Melissa down with me. I rolled on top of her, our bodies rubbing hotly against each other. "You're gonna like this," I said, "Skin on skin, all the way down - it feels incredible." I moved my body against Melissa's, my larger breasts rolling against Melissa's smaller ones, the silky softness of both our bodies feeling just as good as I promised. Melissa uttered a low "Mmmmm" and let her hands roam over me, up and down my sides, briefly feeling my tits, and finally settling on my butt, squeezing it. God, I was thrilled. I gave a quiet cry. I loved having Melissa caress me, but that was just a temporary diversion. What I really wanted was to explore Melissa's body.

I slowly moved down, kissing lower and lower until my tongue probed delicately into the recess of Melissa's navel. Melissa whimpered quietly, and her stomach undulated in response to the touch. She was totally aroused now. I played a bit in Melissa's little crater, then slid down to Melissa's hips, my hands passing lightly over the soft curves, my lips and tongue working sensuously into the small hollows of her hipbones. Melissa responded with a delightful little pleasure-cry that really got my juices flowing. 

I moved down farther, just an inch or so, to nuzzle my nose and mouth into the warm crevice between Melissa's upper thigh and her mound. That drew another stifled cry, more urgent this time. Melissa obviously knew what was coming. She knew that I was going to eat her out, and now she really wanted it. I could smell the delicious fragrance of Melissa's aroused pussy, and it was driving me wild. I wanted to just tear off her panties and plunge face first into her luscious snatch. 

Finally, I couldn't wait any longer. I reached down and slowly pulled Melissa's panties from her hips, down over those long, long legs, and finally off. Now I was presented with a full-length view of Melissa's lithe, naked body. From this angle, her lovely legs dominated my vision, two long, shapely columns that led my eyes once again to the wide curve of her hips, which tapered sharply to that narrow, trim waist. Between her thighs, I caught a quick glimpse of the narrow slit of Melissa's womanhood, before she instinctively closed them, blocking my view. 

I gave her a sly smile. "You're not going to get shy now, are you?" In response, Melissa gave me the cutest expression, a playful grin and coquettish rise of one eyebrow. Then she slowly parted her thighs to give me a clear view of her cunt. I'm sure I gasped at the sight. I bent down to lick eagerly over Melissa's legs, starting at the back of her knees, down over her calves, and then back up to her long, muscular thighs. I licked her thighs slowly, tortuously, placing tiny kisses on the inside of each one, moving upward, licking closer and closer to the pink treasure of Melissa's pussy. I let my tongue trace one long lick up her inner thigh, and Melissa tensed and let out a pathetic, high-pitched "Ohhhhh...aaaa!" 

I looked at Melissa's slit there between her legs, so wet and swollen with desire. God, I wanted it! My fingers traced gentle caresses over Melissa's legs as I moved into position. My hands trembled as I cupped Melissa's lovely hips, those hips I'd been drooling over for all the past months. And then I leaned forward, bent in, and licked into the dripping font of Melissa's pussy. It tasted wonderful - full and fragrant, earthy and sublime. And so wet!! Melissa responded with a quiet moan of pleasure. 
