 //DISCLAIMER: This story (including its characters) is 100% fictional.

It was late in August when I officially began to look for a roommate. The end of first year university was over, and while most of the people I knew had already signed housing agreements as early as February, I left dealing with housing until the end of the summer. While I had met great friends in my dorm during first year, I didn't really desire to room with any of them for various reasons. Most of them were simply too loud and went partying every weekend, whereas I was a relatively quiet person who studied diligently most Friday nights.

I found Trinka on some webpage designed to help people in the same city find roommates. Her profile was brief; she was extraverted but sober, got good grades, and was in the same year at the same university. She wasn't too picky about roommates, she told me when I messaged her, as long as I was courteous and had a good sense of humour.

We texted each other for a few weeks, and eventually met in person to look at houses and apartments. When we first met up, I was shocked to note her size. Although I had never asked, I had always assumed she was a tall girl, around 5'7 or so. In person, it quickly became apparent that she was barely taller than I was (5'3 or so), and I immediately felt closer to her.

She was a tiny blonde bombshell, almost the complete opposite of me. She had long dirty-blonde hair which she tied up in messy buns, and she wore a sort of grunge/hipster style of clothing, mixing overalls with crop tops and festival shorts with Doc Martens. And though I tried my best to hide it, I thought she was absolutely gorgeous.

I, on the other hand, am barely 5'2, and I dressed solely in black at the time– usually just a plain black t-shirt and black skinny jeans. I had short black hair shaved at the back and sides, and if I didn't wear makeup and dressed in the right clothes, I could almost pass as a guy. I identified (and still do) as genderfluid, and my sexuality was something I preferred not to put a label on.

I shared all this with Trinka on the phone before we met. It was important to me that I room with someone accepting of a non-binary person, and I didn't want to make her feel uncomfortable if she didn't want to room with someone who wasn't solely attracted to guys. Luckily, she told me she had no problem with any of it, and that she herself was pansexual.

We decided on a small two-bedroom apartment. It was a little far away from the school, but there was a bus stop right outside, so it wasn't too much of an issue. The rent was right and it came with all the amenities we were looking for. For what we were paying, it was a damn nice place: simple and open space, with white walls and wood flooring. Neither of us had much stuff, which was just as well as the apartment was tiny, but the furniture we did have fit perfectly as it was plain and black. The entire place looked clean and better than I could have imagined.

A month after moving in, things were going smoothly. Both Trinka and I were neat freaks (perhaps me a little more than her), so the apartment was always well organized. Trinka sometimes went out clubbing on the weekends, but usually not for long, and if she was out late, she came in quietly and went straight to bed. Neither of us ever had people over; we both agreed our place was too small to host others, so we found other places to chill with friends. Trinka liked to study in the kitchen/living room, and I preferred to study at nearby coffee shops.

We often took turns making dinner for each other, since we both preferred to eat at home and save money. It was a Friday night, and I was making a simple pasta dish for us to enjoy. Trinka was sitting at our small table, telling me about her day. She talked a lot, but it was interesting and usually funny, and I liked listening to her.

"I saw the most beautiful boy today," she said. "He was just your type; must have been at least 6'2. Brown eyes. Long hair. A little too skinny for me, but I know you like 'em lanky."

"Damn," I replied as I drained the pasta and hot steam rose from our sink. "Did you get his name?"

"Sadly, no. Fuck, I should have. Don't worry about it, girl. I'll track him down for you. I'll even get his number for you."

"You're a true friend, but I think it'd be strange if I texted him when he gave you his number." I separated the pasta into two bowls and added the marinara. I stuck a fork in each bowl and handed one to Trinka before sitting down at the table myself.

"Nah, it'd be fine," Trinka said through a mouthful of pasta. "You know what?" She pointed at me with her fork. "You can come with me when I find him, and then you can just ask for his number. I'll just stand to the side."

"Riiiiiiiiiight. As if I'm asking a cute boy for his number."

"I'll give you a pep talk right before and you'll be super confident."

"Again, riiiiiiiight."

"Oh, come on. Why are you so shy? You're fucking beautiful. I bet a million people would love to have you for themselves."

I raised an eyebrow. "Really. Speak for yourself. You're a thousand times more beautiful than I am. Most of the time, I look like a fucking cabbage."

Trinka snorted. "A cabbage. That's good. And no, you don't look like a cabbage. You've got a sexy body when you decide to show it off and your face can be either handsome or gorgeous, depending on how you do it up. You're literally aesthetic as either a girl or a boy or whatever you want to be."

I couldn't help but smile. "Thanks, T."

Trinka finished her last bite and put her bowl down on the table. "This is kinda random, and feel free to tell me to fuck off, but have you ever had sex with a girl?"

I was a little surprised, but Trinka sometimes did ask strange questions. She once asked me what I'd do if I were pregnant, and what I'd want written on my tombstone. "Yeah, I have."

Her eyes widened. "Really? Tell me! How was it?"

"It actually wasn't the best. It was with a girl way older than I was, and we didn't really click. It mostly just felt really awkward, but it wasn't terrible."

"Was that your only time?"

"With a girl?"

"Yeah, with a girl."

"Yes, that was my only experience with a girl."

"Would you ever try again with a girl?"

"Um, yeah. I would." My mind flashed to what I imagined Trinka would look like naked, and I quickly tried to push the image away. "What about you? Have you ever had sex with a girl?"

"No, but I definitely would like to try. Not with just anyone though; I think it would have to be with the right person for me to enjoy it. Was having sex with a girl better than having sex with a guy?"

"For me, not really."

"Did you cum?"

"Jesus, Trinka." I laughed, thinking about the absurdity of the conversation I was having. "No, I didn't cum, but I think I'm a difficult person to make cum."

"Is that a challenge?" asked Trinka, and a shiver ran through my spine.

I stood up and started collecting the dishes. "I think I should clean up."

"Sorry," Trinka apologized. "Am I making you uncomfortable?"

"No, just... " I trailed off, not sure if I should say what I was thinking.

"Just what?"

"Um. Just... a bit horny," I admitted.

"Ooo, girl, me too! Don't be ashamed about it; there's nothing wrong with being horny."

"You're not weirded out by it?"

"Why should I be?"

"Yeah, I guess you have a point."

Trinka got up from the table and moved to our sofa. She patted the place beside her, motioning for me to sit down. "Being horny is a good feeling. Don't worry about the dishes, Olive, come over here."

I obliged and sat down beside her. "What do you want to do?" I asked.

"Let's watch porn together."

I was taken aback. Not in a bad way, but I was definitely not expecting that. I had never in my life watched porn with another person; I couldn't fathom watching it with my own roommate. That being said, a tingle ran between my legs. Although I was generally an introvert, I love spontaneous and crazy moments like these. "Okay," I said.

Trinka smiled. "Okay, what do you normally watch?"

"I normally don't watch porn," I admitted. "I usually just read stuff."

"Oh, like erotica?"

"Yeah. But I'm okay with watching whatever as long as it's consensual." I didn't mention it to Trinka, but I had been sexually assaulted in the past and watching anything that was forced or violent immediately triggered painful memories for me.

"Sounds good." Trinka opened her laptop on the table in front of the sofa and quickly found a video. It was the typical teacher-student role play, which was one of my favourite plots. She hit play and then we both sat back and watched the video.

The plot was some guy was failing his math class, so the teacher agreed to tutor him. When they met up, she was dressed like no teacher should ever be dressed, in black thigh-high stockings, a skin tight black pencil skirt, and a white blouse unbuttoned halfway down her torso, exposing a black lace bra and a significant amount of cleavage. She leant over the student's shoulder so that her DD tits were pushing into his back, and you could see the tent in this guy's pants getting bigger and bigger.

Eventually, the guy couldn't take it anymore and he turned around and pulled down the teacher's blouse and bra and started licking, biting and sucking on her nipples. I let out an involuntary moan just as she did and Trinka looked over at me with a wicked grin.

"Enjoying it?" she asked.

I turned beet red. "Uh, yeah," I mumbled.

"Hey, what did I say? Don't be embarrassed." She noded at the screen. "Having your tits sucked feels fucking good."

The video continued. Eventually, the guy ripped off the teacher's shirt and unclasped her bra, flinging it off camera. Then, he hiked up her skirt and pulled down her thong, revealing her shaved, glistening pussy. He rubbed her clit gently, and she leaned back against her kitchen counter and moaned.

"Holy fuck, this is hot," said Trinka. "Do you mind if I masturbate?"

For the second time that night, I was shocked. I didn't have much time to get my thoughts together, however, because Trinka suddenly pulled off her shorts and panties in one move, and sat back on the sofa beside me with her legs spread. I stared blatantly at her pussy. It was shaved, tight, and dripping wet. It looked absolutely delicious, and suddenly I had the urge to lick every drop of her juice.

Instead, I pried my eyes away from her sex, and tried to focus on the video. In the reflection of the laptop screen, I could see Trinka rubbing her clit in circles with her middle finger, and I eventually gave up and went back to just staring at her.

She looked so fucking hot, lying on the sofa just inches from me, playing with herself. She inserted two fingers into herself and let out a deep moan. Then, with her two fingers still buried deep inside her pussy, she looked at me and said, "You should take off your pants, too, Olive. This feels so good." Then she closed her eyes again and began to finger fuck herself.

I could feel my pussy leaking through my panties, and decided she was right. I quickly stripped out of my jeans and briefs, and lay back on the sofa, rubbing myself. I felt so dirty, masturbating in front of my roommate, and it turned me on even more. Beside me, Trinka paused to take off her shirt and bra, then went back to finger fucking herself.

Her tits were gorgeous, like the rest of her. Her nipples rose hard above her skin. Her breasts were small, smaller than mine, but round and perky. I wanted so bad to suck one.

Fuck it, I thought. Slowly, I leant over, and licked at her nipple. Trinka moaned appreciatively. "Fuck, Olive, yeah, suck my nipple." I took her nipple in my mouth and rolled it around with my tongue, grabbing her other tit with my hand and squeezing the soft flesh. Trinka arched her back and fucked herself faster. 

"Holy fuck, Olivia, I'm going to fucking cum!" I continued to lap at her tits, as Trinka's breathing shallowed. Suddenly, she lifted her hips off the couch and let out the sexiest whimpers as her body spasmed. When she finally came down from her orgasm, she looked over at me and smiled.

Then she pushed me onto my back and pinned my arms above me head. She kissed me softly and sensually, our tongues mixing together. It was one of the best kisses I had ever experienced. Then she moved down to my neck, and I whimpered. "You're so fucking hot," she whispered into my ear.

She sat up and motioned for me to sit up as well. She pulled my shirt over my head, then unclasped my bra. "Holy shit," she said, staring at my tits. "You're beautiful, you know that?" She looked up at me.

I blushed. "Thanks."

She leant over me again, kissing my neck, then kissing my collarbone and then further and further down until she reached my breast. My nipples were hard as a rock, aching to be touched, played with, sucked on, anything. She took one in her mouth and gently tugged at it. "Ohhhhhhh," I moaned.

With her right hand, she reached down and started to rub my clit. I thought I had gone to heaven. "That feels soo good," I managed to get out.

Her mouth left my nipple and I whimpered, but then she began to kiss her way down toward my pussy. She kissed my mound and stared up at me, just before licking my slit from the bottom all the way up to my clit. "Fuck!"

She licked her lips. "You taste really good."

Then she buried her tongue between my folds and it was all I could do not to come right then and there. She flicked her tongue over my clit as she inserted two fingers into my pussy, and began to finger fuck me. "Trinka, holy shit, I'm going to come..."

I felt a powerful orgasm building inside of me. With each thrust of her fingers deep inside of my pussy, and her tongue caressing my engorged clit, I felt like I was flying higher and higher. I rose until I felt like I was falling off a cliff.

"I'm coming!" My pussy clamped hard around her fingers, and I bucked wildly against her face. She avoided my clit as I came, and gently lapped up my juices as I came back down to earth.

"It wasn't so hard to make you cum after all." She grinned.

"That's the first time anyone has ever made me cum before other than myself," I gasped.

"I'm glad I was the first."

Trinka got up and kissed me again, and I tasted my juices in her mouth.

"That was amazing," I told her.

She smiled. "Let's go to bed." She collected our clothes and walked into her room. I followed her.

"Do you want me to sleep with you? Not like that, I mean–" I started.

Trinka pulled me into bed with her, giggling. "I want to sleep with you both ways," she said. She kissed me on the nose, and I wrapped my arms around her waist, thanking the stars that I somehow managed to get this amazing girl as my roommate.