 For the first time in 15 years I would see the small town where I had been raised. I had left home at 18 to live in a New York University dorm that overlooked Morningside Park. That education became a springboard onto a Wall Street career. 

At thirty three years old I found myself having a mid life crisis. I had been well compensated as a financial analyst for a Wall Street investment banking firm but at the same constant pressure had finally forced me to take a vacation of indefinite duration. With my nerves frazzled, and losing sleep, I had decided to come home to mom and dad.

Living in New York City had been a mixed blessing. I had spent a few years frequenting the lesbian bar scene, and had been laid quite a few times. By the time I turned 25 the Blue Note jazz club in Greenwich Village had become my favorite night spot, especially when a piano player came to town. The fly in the pudding, whom I had met on the gay pride parade route, was Stephanie Holloway.

I could still recall the day when I saw the hot babe with long dark auburn hair in the middle of the East Village street wearing just black undies. Her curvaceous figure with big tits captivated me and her apparent charm proved alluring. 

She turned out to be not the best choice of a lover. I guess it was just lust that made me chase her for a date. I worked long hours while she avoided employment but freely spent my hard earned money. Then there were frequent complaints about my music from someone who preferred her excruciatingly boring 1970's disco. I even found myself forced to hire a maid or live in a messy house without so much as a clean skirt or blouse. 

Anyway there I was on my way home after giving Stephanie the boot and quitting my job. Returning to my roots would be a welcome change.

On a fairly breezy early autumn day I arrived back in Brighton, a town of about 35 and a half thousand people. I had grown accustomed to living in a city of millions, though a part of me ached for rural America with it's quiet country roads, woodlands, and large individual parcels of land. Pretty much everything that I cared about had been sent on ahead to my parents house via UHaul truck. I knew that mom and dad would have my old bedroom ready for me.

Jessica Trent and I graduated Brighton High class of 1995, though we hardly spoke to each other. She was the cheerleader dating the jocks while I was the openly lesbian girl. She was popular while I was often ridiculed because of my preference. 

I had just ordered a coffee with slice of apple pie in one of the town's cheaper restaurants and had been sitting at a table staring out the window for about six minutes when a woman came out from the back room.

"Danielle Rolloson," called the voice from behind. 

I turned to see a woman in navy blue slacks with white off the shoulder top and blue flats.

"How are you?" she said.

"Fine," I replied. 

"Do you remember me?" she said.

"Not really," I replied. "I haven't been here in 15 years."

"Jessica Trent," she said cheerfully as if happy to see an old friend.

"Oh," I replied.

"Do you mind if I join you?"

"No, I would like some company."

She sat across from me with an aura of goodwill about her. Though highschool had not been a good time for me, I was willing to let bygones be bygones. Besides, I felt as though I was being accepted as a lesbian. 

"So bring me up to date," she said.

"I got homesick so I came back here."

" You don't seem happy, Danielle."

Jessica's powers of observation were quite good. I wasn't happy because I was lonely. I had cried myself to sleep the night I finally told Stephanie to hit the bricks, to get lost. 

I could have chosen more carefully, I told myself during the long ride from the city. Two years of my life had been wasted on her. Almost anyone I could name would have been better for me. Still, the breakup left me saddened.

"I broke up with my partner."

"That's too bad."

"And I just quit a very high paid job," I added.

"In this economy you quit a high paid job?" she replied.

"I was a financial analyst."

"My finances are in ok shape."

" What are you doing for a living now?" I asked.

I had already guessed, in my mind, that she was probably the boss here. Socializing with a customer while everyone else in the place seemed to be working gave me the hint.

"I'm the manager here."

She seemed content with her occupation so I didn't ask if she liked her job. Instead, I steered the chat in a different direction, or rather, I let the nearby grand piano steer the conversation for me.

"I see you have a band here."

"Thursday, Friday and Saturday nights," she answered.

"What type of music is it?"

"Rock and top 40," she answered.

In my own life I had studied the piano for ten years from age eight and made some good progress. After earning my MBA and finding a job with it, I started lessons again. Listening to a lot of jazz shaped my style. Playing the missing piano part on band recordings helped hone my skill.

"Do you play?" I said.

"Guitar," she answered.

I didn't have any important appointments to keep so I let the waitress pour me more coffee. Meanwhile Jesse and I kept the chat going for a few more minutes. It was light chat, mostly anecdotal, that evoked laughter. 

Thursday night brought the crowd into the place as the four piece band took it's place on the stage. The three young men with a female lead singer were friends of Jesse.

After being nagged for a few minutes, she walked up to the stage and picked up her guitar. She began playing a slow soulful blues as if expressing her misery through her instrument. I watched as her fingers glided easily along the guitar's neck. 

She had been back to our table for a few minutes when she confessed to me. Suddenly I could understand her non judgmental attitude towards my lifestyle. 

"Dani, I've had sex with a woman. It was fairly recent."

My eyes remained locked onto hers. Her confession was surprising though I tried to act like I already knew her. After a few seconds I wanted to know the circumstances.

"Were you in love with her?"

"I didn't even ask her name."

"A bar pickup," I chuckled. "I've had a few of those."

"The sex was enjoyable, very enjoyable."

Jessica's one bedroom apartment turned out to be a nice place furnished mainly with cherry wood furniture. Her pale blue livingroom furniture included a recliner. A HD tv sat on it's own table with DVD player in the middle section.

Inside the privacy of her livingroom we sat close on the sofa and lovemaking began. Our lips touched, drew back then touched again. Our first kiss made me feel good inside. We caressed each other freely while continuing to kiss lightly, at times biting gently. Our tongues circled and licked. Her hands moved up to massage my breasts through the fabric of my shirt, a pale blue deep scoop neck that showed a little cleavage.

I had always known down deep that I couldn't live with my parents indefinitely. I had to find a job that afforded an apartment again. With financial stuff being my only employable skill, perhaps I'd run a local bank, work as a CFA locally or go back to Manhattan.

Falling in love with Jessica Trent from Brighton High was making life complicated. She had given me a reason to stay in Brighton, but I had to find employment in my field even if that meant returning to the city. To return to Manhattan without her could reduce me to tears.

Jessica and I walked hand in hand through a large forrest adorned with colorful foliage. The sun already sat low on the horizon casting long shadows. A brisk wind was blowing causing branches in the trees to sway. Now and then some leaves would fall adding to the ones that already carpeted the ground. My mind contrasted this wilderness with it's rugged ground to the manicured parks in the city.

Home for a month by now, I had found a good time to talk to her.

"I should go back to Manhattan. I need to find job."

"Dani what's gonna happen to us?"

She sounded worried and her face showed it.

"There's room in my life for you Jesse if you want to move there."

When she said nothing I chose not to press the issue at first. After a few seconds I faced her and placed my hands up on her shoulders.

"Jesse I meant that. There's room for you in my life but I am going."

Early February the following year... 

With a lot of interviews, a good resume, and luck I found myself employed once again in financial services. Life back in "the big apple" was going well and about to improve.

There had been private tears when Jesse had decided not to come with me. She had apparently felt that she just couldn't break away, but things sometimes change.

Settled into my East Village apartment, I tuned my Satellite radio to a jazz station on Saturday afternoon. Miles Davis was playing when my door buzzed. It's probably Rodney, my neighbor in the building, I thought, as I rose from the sofa. It'll be nice to have some company.

The very effeminate man, with whom I had chatted a few times in the hall, could be pleasant company. This time, however, someone else stood outside my door.

Very surprised to see Jessica standing at my doorway, I happily invited her inside. I didn't dare think that she would be in New York City permanently.

"How long are you staying?" I said.

"Till I die" she said then wrapped her arms around me, and snuggled her head into my shoulder.

"My apartment is the next street over, here's the address."

I felt like taking her panties off her then and there but chose to show restraint instead.

"I realized I couldn't stay away."

At 2 30 in the afternoon we indulged in the most passionate kiss since Adam and Eve before the fall. We caressed freely. Hands slid down to each other's ass. I had taken a rocket to my happy place.

"When I came back and you didn't come with me I cried myself to sleep. It ruined a perfectly good makeup."

She chuckled.

"Danielle, I wasn't exactly jumping for joy over your leaving."

I knew exactly what she felt. We had, no doubt, cried at the same moment.

I eased my lover's lean conical body into the sofa cushions and opened her jeans. She lifted her ass an inch, just enough for me to pull her jeans down and off. She took her own panties down and I began to tickle her mound. With a little more pressure her slit opened and my fingertips massaged the lips of her vulva.

I took a minute to pull off my sweatshirt then my bra. Jesse lay in the sofa staring up at my tits and ogling them. I gave her a second to enjoy them before jamming my fingers into her vagina and my thumb against her clit. Feeling her become aroused increased my own pleasure.

Before more much longer the orgasms that pounded her body brought short loud screams from her lips. Suddenly I felt wetness inside her. The milky white juice streaming from deep inside her coated her vulva and my fingers. I was pumping her sex rapidly now. My fingers pushed deep inside her ballooned vagina and my thumb pressed against her swollen throbbing clit

"Don't stop Dani," she cried. 

After several more seconds of bringing her to ecstasy, I bent to pull off my own jeans and panties. I chucked them to the floor next to her clothing then gave her a hand up to her feet.

"Fuck me in my bedroom Jesse. I don't like it on the sofa."

We giggled.

"I'll do you where you want it and how you want it."

On the comfortable queen size mattress Jessica lay atop me and kissed my lips. Our kiss quickly became deep tongue kissing. She moved her lips to my neck. Her tongue licked with each kiss there.

Her fingers on my mound pried open my slit, then pushed inside me. 

"I'm a," I screamed.

The milky white cum streamed before I could finish the phrase. Muscle contractions and spasms happening throughout my body were making my skin flush. My heart was pounding like a jack hammer. Thrashing my head and screaming drained my energy and belied the pleasure I felt. 

Then it was over. Jessica left me exhausted and lay beside me. We cuddled.