 Murphy stood in her bedroom, wondering what to do. She stared outside at the rain, and realized that it was a typical day in New York. Her parents, Amber and Mandy, were at their law firm and weren't due back until six. Her oldest brother, Ethan, was out with his new girlfriend, Chrissy, and would not be back until curfew, which was at eleven. Sebastian was at his play rehearsal, they were doing Singin' in the Rain, and he'd gotten the role of Cosmo Brown, best friend to the lead. 

Murphy felt herself pacing her bedroom again. The words, Hey, Moms, I'm gay, just didn't sound right. When Sebastian had told them, it was only natural for them to be okay with it, because they were gay, too. Well... technically Ethan's bio-mom, Amber, was bisexual, but hadn't been in a relationship with a man since high school. The man, oddly enough, was Murphy's father, Ben, who was in jail somewhere in Seattle, where Amber and Mandy were from. But that was another story...

There was a knock at her door and Murphy's thoughts broke as she crossed the room to answer it. Her youngest siblings, the twins, Devon and Lucy, were standing there. "What?" Murphy asked in the most polite voice she could muster.

"It's just that Carson's mom is here," Devon said, his voice slowly beginning to mature. The twins had just turned twelve, and were reminding everyone every minute, every hour, at every opportunity that they would be thirteen in less than a year. It was enough to get on your nerves.

"What?" Murphy asked, unsure of what Carson had to do with anything.

Lucy sighed, and pushed her golden brown hair out of her face. "Carson, Devon's best friend and my boyfriend," she reminded her.

"Right, right," Murphy said, trying not to freak out that her twelve-year-old baby sister had a boyfriend. "Sure. His mom's going to be there, right?"

"Am I not a good chaperone?" demanded Devon.

"I didn't mean..." Murphy sighed, not in the mood for any complications. "Of course you are," she said, ruffling Devon's dark hair. "It's just that Moms' rules are that an adult has to be there."

"She'll be sitting a row behind us, with you," Lucy said, giving Devon her charming, innocent smile.

"No, I want to sit with Carson! He's my best friend...!"

"But you're not his girlfriend, are you?" Lucy asked.

"All right, you two," Murphy said. "You don't want to keep Mrs. Williams waiting, do you? It would be rude." She reached into her pocket and handed them each a ten-dollar bill. "For popcorn and a small drink," she said. "Luc, if Carson was a gentleman, he would offer to help pay."

"He buys her lunch at school," Devon said over his shoulder as they quickly disappeared down the hall and out the door.

Murphy let out a sigh and fell onto her back onto her bed, her jet-black hair spilling around her. She'd dyed it black just a couple of months ago, because Gloria said she'd always wanted to fuck someone with black hair. With a smile at that thought, Murphy quickly dialed Gloria's number. It was Saturday, not their usual night together, but Gloria had informed Murphy of a twenty-four-hour bug she'd caught from a student. However, her cell phone rang once and went to voicemail, so that couldn't be helped. She let out an exasperated groan and fell back down onto her pillows.

A sudden vibration caught her off guard and caused her to look intently at her phone. Seeing as it was only Nathan, she answered with a fed-up, totally cranky, "What?!"

"It's Nathan," said the voice on the other end. "Am I in trouble?"

"Oh, no," Murphy said. 

"What were you up to?" he asked.

She let out a sigh. "Well, I was just writing my essay of acceptance to their acceptance to Dartmouth," she answered.

"Dartmouth, really?" Nathan said, happiness in his voice. "That's great! Why did you pick there?"

"A...friend of mine suggested it," she said quickly.

"Uh-huh," Nathan said. "So, um, the Dads and Joel and Theresa are getting pizza and a movie tonight. I was wondering if you wanted to do something or something..."

"Do something or something?" she asked. "Very poetic..."

"Come on," said Nathan. "Like you have anything better to do..."

"Well..." Murphy looked at her computer where half of her essay was all typed up and pristine. It had to be ten pages, and she had about five and a quarter pages finished, and she didn't have to mail it for another two weeks; plus, it was always fun to see Nathan. "I'm going to go for a drive," she said at last. "I may end up coming by...but I don't know..."

"Okay," he said. "Hope to see you..."

Murphy nodded even though he couldn't see her and hung up the phone. It was second nature now to grab her car keys, a coat, and some shoes as she headed out of her bedroom. She locked the door behind her and went to the driveway, where her car was. She automatically unlocked it and climbed in, easily fitting the key into the egnition.

She absentmindedly drove down the rainy street, looking for something to do, something interesting. There was a new club on the street, and she could hear disco dance type music pumping from inside. The bouncer was a rather large man of African American descent, and she knew that she had to get in somehow. 

She parked on the other side of the street and looked around her car. It was wonderful that her best friend June had left the outfit that she'd made Murphy buy at the mall last week. Only June knew about her relationship with Gloria, but only that she was a woman and a little bit older. It was a skin-tight, black number with no sleeves, new black Prada boots that reached her knees, and a black leather jacket. 

June's gold locket, which she'd loaned to her three days ago, fit perfectly between her triple-C breasts as she quickly put on the outfit in the car. A tube of red lipstick, and black eye-liner, and black mascara completed the ensamble perfectly. On a moment of daring luck, she also added a good amount of blush to her cheeks and gold eyeshadow as she stepped out of the car, just as it stopped raining.

She crossed the street, no cars for the moment, and walked right up to the bouncer, who was trying his best to act professional as soon as Murphy walked up to him. "May I go in?" she asked seductively.

"Are you twenty-one?" he asked, trying his best to sound gruff.

"I don't know," whispered Murphy as she put a fifty-dollar bill into his arm, which he quickly noticed. "I'll bet that's thirty-dollars more than you make an hour."

"Twenty," he said.

"Really?" Murphy asked, putting her lips up to his ear. "Listen...I really need to go in. Please?" she asked.

"All right," the man said, and pulled down the rope.

"Thank you," Murphy said, and giggled as she stepped inside. 

Flashing lights momentarily blinded her, but soon she was able to see all around her. There was a bar, a dance floor, romantic booths, a D.J., flat screen T.V.'s, and even a private upstairs if your nights took a turn for the better.

She walked up to the bar and sat down. "Scotch on the rocks, please," she said, giving the bartender a coy smile.

"Are you twenty-one?" he asked.

"I'm in here, aren't I?"

He sighed. "Are you?"

Murphy leaned forward and bent over the bar, so that her amazing tits were halfway in view. "Am I?" she asked.

"Fine," he said, his eyes lighting up at the attention. "Scotch on the rocks it is!" He made it and put it in front of her. "First drink is on the house," he said quickly.

"Okay," Murphy said, taking his hand. "Here's a tip," she said, and kissed him on the cheek.

The man laughed and Murphy threw her head back and drank. She'd sampled various beverages while at Gloria's, but never hard stuff like this. It was a wonderful flavor, and for a moment she couldn't see straight, but soon her eyesight improved.

"Can I get you anything else?" the bartender asked. "Name's Max, by the way."

"Well, Max, I'm Murphy," she said. "I'll take a martini."

He nodded and made her one. "Six bucks," he said.

Murphy gave him the money and gave her martini the same treatment as she'd the scotch. "Wow," she whispered. This drink was even better than the first. "Give me a tequila," she said, a giggle escaping her lips.

"Seven-fifty," Max said, and Murphy delivered the bills.

She was just looking around when she saw a familiar face in a private booth from across the way. It was Gloria, sitting with the school secretary's intern, Violet, who was about three months Murphy's junior. She watched them, facinated, when all of a sudden, Violet leaned over and kissed Gloria on the mouth. Gloria, instead of throwing her off, put her arms around her and pulled her out of the booth and up the stairs.

Murphy felt betrayal corse through her veins. She had no idea what to do. It was a sense of loss that fell through her then, and Max refilled her tequilla, and she paid him.

She felt a tap on her shoulder, and turned around. It was a woman of about twenty-four, and she held out her hand. "Hi," she said. 

"Hey," said Murphy.

"What's your name?"

"Murphy," she answered. "Yours?"

"I'm Crystal. Dance?" she asked.

"Would love to," Murphy said, downing her tequila. "Let's go."

They walked onto the dance floor and began grinding against one another. It instantly made Murphy wet, and she adored being in the front. She reached back and grabbed Chrystal's perfect ass. She could barely detect Crystal reaching in between her legs from behind her.

"God, you are so wet," she whispered in her ear.

"You're making me wet," she answered.

"Do you want to go upstairs?"

Murphy turned around. "Do they have rooms up there?" she asked.

Crystal nodded. "Yes. Do you want to?"

"God, yes," Murphy said.

They went upstairs, where an obvious gay man handed them a key to the room seven. They walked down the hall and opened the door to an appealing-looking room which looked straight out of an upscale version of Better Home's and Gardens.

Murphy walked across the room and pulled off all of her clothes, then yanked off all of Chrystal's clothes. She pushed Crystal onto the bed and they began kissing with an exorbitant amount of heat and passion, and it wasn't long before they were tribbing one another. Within minutes, Crystal had come all over Murphy's leg, and Murphy had done the same with Crystal, leaving them panting in orgasmic pleasure.

"Do you want to use anything?" Crystal. asked.

"I don't have S.T.D.'s," Murphy answered. "I've only ever been with two people, and we've used protection...I'm on the pill..."

Chrystal laughed. "No, not that. I don't have any S.T.D.'s either," she said quickly. "But..." She went to the bedside table, where she opened a drawer, revealing many sex toys. "They come in here whenever people are done and sanitize them," she explained. "Do you want to use one?"

"Yes," Murphy said, staring at Crystal's amazing naked body. Her breasts were immaculate at double-D size and perfectly suckable. In a fit of overwhelming desire and passion, she threw Chrystal onto the bed and grabbed the biggest step-on she could find. "Get on your back," she ordered then. "I want to see your face when I make you come."

Crystal grinned because she liked to be ordered and rolled to her back. She spread her legs as Murphy lubed up the cock and straddled her. She entered Crystal quickly and began to thrust right away. Crystal began to buck her hips immediately and Murphy grinned down at her.

"Do you like that?" she asked.

"Yes! Don't stop!" Crystal screamed.

"I won't, baby! Just don't move! Don't move!" she said, and began slapping Crystal's breasts playfully. Remembering her thoughts about Crystal's nipples, she bent down and, while thrusting, began to suck on Crystal's gorgeous nipples.

Crystal came a moment later. "Do you want me to do something to you?" she asked.

Murphy sighed and politely declined. She got dressed and walked out of the room, down the stairs, across the dance floor, and out of the club. Feeling drained, she didn't thank the kind bouncer, and simply stumbled her way to her car. She had such a headache, and found herself driving all the way to Nathan's house. Cursing herself for being so stupid for driving while drunk, she was glad that no cars besides Nathan's were outside.

She parked, then proceeded to vomit into some bushes. She washed out her mouth and popped in an Altoid, and went up to the door. Nathan came to it, and she fell sobbing into his arms. She didn't tell him what was wrong, but succeeded in ruining his shirt with mascara.

"It's okay, Murph," he assured her. "I never liked this shirt anyway..."

"Yes, you did!" Murphy sobbed. "It's your favorite...!"

"What's the matter?" he asked, beginning to rock her.

She sighed. "I went to that new club over on seventeenth," she confessed, not looking at him.

"That's a twenty-one and over club..."

Murphy sighed. "I know it is, Nathan. I bribed the bouncer with a fifty..."

"What else did you do?"

"I got drunk...and I ended up going upstairs..."

"Who did you go up with?"

"Crystal," she said brokenly.

"I'm thinking a male exotic dancer or a woman," he said.

"It was a woman."

"Really?" he asked.

She nodded. "Yes. But I was drunk!" she cried.

Nathan smiled. "I don't care who you went up with," he said. 

"Thank you," she said, looking up at him. 

Their eyes locked on each other's, and soon they were kissing and his hands and hers became knotted in each other's hair. He picked her up and took her to his bedroom and lay her down on his bed. He undressed her with tender loving care, and began to kiss her up and down her body. He then undressed himself, and climbed on top of her. He then went inside her, and Murphy let out a groan, realizing that they weren't using protection. But suddenly it didn't matter, because she knew that it would be all right.  

She grabbed Nathan's ass and used it to push deeper inside her. In no time, they were both screaming and yelling and whooping. He pulled out a second too late and lay beside her, not even thinking about it.

"Sorry about that," he said after a moment.

"What?"

"I know you don't like me...that way..."

Murphy chuckled. "We're adults," she said, putting her head on his chest and letting out a sigh. "It's all right, really."

Later, at home, Murphy hid the outfit and quickly took a shower. Then, even though it was only eleven thirty, she climbed into bed and fell asleep.

For the next month, Murphy kept making excuses about how she couldn't go and see Gloria. One week, she was sick. Another week, she had too much homework. The third week, she had to babysit. And the fourth week, she had to do a family dinner. 

Then, one Thursday, five weeks later, Ethan left school to go hang out with Chrissy, and Murphy went to Sebastian, Devon, and Lucy's school. Thursday was the only day that Sebastian didn't have his musical meet, to he was waiting with Devon and Lucy...outside the principal's office. Just as Murphy walked up to the double doors, she saw all of them sitting there. Groaning, she pulled open the door and narrowed her eyes at them.

"Who's in trouble today?" she asked.

"All of us," Sebastian said, his head in his hands. "They could pull me out of the musical..."

"What happened?" Murphy question.

Lucy sighed. "I started it."

"How?"

"I took a walk with Carson at lunch and he kissed me..."

Murphy raised her eyebrows. Good for Luc, she thought. "Well...kissing is fun and all, but not for school." She turned to her brothers. "And what did you two do?"

Devon crossed his arms. "I went in and gave Carson a good, much-deserved pop in the mouth."

Murphy slapped her hand to her forehead. "No," she said. "What did you do, Sebastian?" she asked.

"I tried to break it up," he said, and, when he looked up, he had a purple black eye. "They said in make-up that it's difficult to hide this thing..."

"Who punched you?"

"Carson," Sebastian replied.

Murphy sighed just as the door opened. Carson stepped out of the office and Gloria smiled brightly at Murphy.

"Hello, Murphy," she said.

"Hey, Principal James," she said, and walked into her office.

Gloria shut the door behind her. She pulled down the curtain on her large window and began to feel Murphy up. "I've missed this," she whispered into her ear.

Suddenly, Murphy couldn't take it anymore. She pulled away from her. "You mean, after you cheated on me?!" she cried.

"Cheated on you? What are you talking about?" Gloria asked, shock crossing her beautiful face. "I love you!"

"You love me?!" Murphy spat. "Then why did you fuck Violet Jennings last week at Seventeen?!"

Gloria's eyes widened. "How did you even get in there?"

"I conned the bouncer," she said proudly. "Why were you even there with her, anyway? Kissing...and then you took her upstairs to fuck her."

Gloria sighed and shook her head. She reached into her desk and pulled out a picture in a silver frame. In it was Gloria...and a girl who looked just like her...a twin. "See?" she said.

Murphy took a step back. "I...what?"

"That's Harmony," Gloria said. "She's my twin sister. Harmony is three minutes older than me. She lives in Boston, and she came down here for work. She's a painter," said Gloria.

"And...a lesbian?" Murphy asked.

"Yes, my sister is gay," she replied. "I introduced her to Violet because they both wanted to meet new people. Violet just discovered she was gay, and wanted the woman's experience, and Harmony just came off of a bad relationship."

"Oh, God," Murphy said. "Do you...do you have a trash can?"

"Why?"

Without waiting for a positive answer, Murphy grabbed the bin and vomited into it. "Shit," she whispered. "God...fuck...no."

"What is it?" Gloria asked.

"Just...don't," Murphy said. "You know...I graduate in a week, and it would just better if we took some time... I need some time. Why don't you email my parents their punishments, and please don't take Sebastian out of the musical. He's a piece maker, not a fighter." Slowly, Murphy stood up and took the offered towel from Gloria. "Thanks," she said as she walked out of the office.

"Are you all right?" they all asked when she stepped out.

"Yeah, just the flu," she said as they walked outside.

Murphy drove over to Nathan's that night, and nobody was home except for him again. He greeted her warmly, and made her an egg salad sandwich. He watched her eat, and rubbed her back when she asked him to. "You're tense," he commented.

"Oh, thank you," Murphy said sarcastically. "I have something for you." She reached into her pocket, and took out a blue envelope. "It's a ticket to my graduation," she said. "It's for the family. I want you all there, if you can come," she added quickly. 

"Of course we can come," he answered, taking the envelope and looking at it. He opened it and read it. "Ah, our Murph," he said.

Murphy rolled her eyes as she finished her sandwich. She put Nathan's hands onto her shoulders. "I'm a little tired," she said. "Would you mind if I took a nap on the couch?"

"That's fine," he said. "I was working on an essay at the kitchen table. Will the computer keys keep you up?"

"No, I think I'll be fine," she answered, getting up and going into the living room and lying on the couch. She shut her eyes...and began to dream.

She saw Gloria standing in her office, staring at her. Then Murphy put her arms around her, and Gloria threw her off.

"Please, I love you," she heard herself say.

"No! Don't touch me."

Then she bent down and pulled up Gloria's skirt. She moved Gloria's panties and began to lick her perfect asshole as Gloria slowly began to melt. She stuck her tongue up inside Gloria's ass and Gloria began to scream in a quick moment of passion.

"I am so glad they got rid of Saturday school!" she cried, pounding onto her desk. She grabbed Murphy's head and turned around. She dragged her panties off of her and shoved Murphy's head into her pussy. "Yes...yes...oh, God, lick me! Lick my pussy! Lick my pussy! Oh...oh, God! Yes!" she screamed, her legs kicking a she got closer and closer to an orgasm. "Oh, oh God, don't stop...make me come...please, please, make me come. I don't care if you cheated on me, Murphy! The thought of you licking another woman's pussy makes me so hot and horny!"
