 Just say it, Murphy thought to herself as her moms, Amber and Mandy, dressed in gray tweed suits, sat directly in front of her in their living room. Murphy had moved home and stayed home ever since Nathan died and since her miscarriage. And now, all their lives would change forever...

"Sweetheart, what's wrong?" asked Amber, reaching forward and taking her hand. "Your mom and I know when something is bothering you."

"Exactly," Mandy said, taking Murphy's other hand. "And not to be a stickler about the time, but it's after two. I know that Sebastian will be out of school soon and it's dress rehearsal for 'Cats' tonight..."

"Not to mention that we have to go over those notes for the deposition for the Hastings case tomorrow," Amber said quickly to Mandy.

"And then Devon is spending the night at Carson's and Lucy is going to a movie with Grace..." Mandy went on.

"Right, I know... Sorry." Murphy sighed, wondering which piece of news she had to deliver first. "I have three pieces of news for you guys... Well, four pieces of news, actually..."

"Tell us," Amber said.

"I'm changing my major from education to law," Murphy said quickly, thinking that this would upset them the least out of all of them. 

Amber and Mandy shared a grin with one another before turning back to Murphy. 

"So...you'll come to work at the firm one day?" Mandy asked.

"And do you hope to take it over?" asked Amber.

Murphy sighed. "Yes." She took another breath. "I've also sent coorespondence to Dartmouth informing them that I won't be returning for spring semester, or any other semester for that matter; and furthermore, I've sent in an application to New York Law School and I've been accepted. They're starting me with a couple online classes for winter quarter and by spring I'll be a full time student. Apparently you've represented a few of their professors rather well, you guys..."

Amber sighed and nodded. "Well, this will be quite a bit to take on but..."

"No," Murphy said quickly. "Full ride and everything."

Mandy grinned. "That's wonderful."

"Now, that's half the news, then," Amber said. "What's the rest of it?"

I'm going to say it, Amber said. "Guys... I'm gay," she said.

Amber and Mandy's expressions didn't alter at all.

"Oh," Amber said.

"Wow. All right," was Mandy's response to it.

"You don't care?!" Murphy demanded in shock.

"Sweetheart, we're gay," said Mandy in a "it's so obvious" voice.

"Then would this be a good time to tell you that I have a girlfriend?" she asked, hoping the answer was yes.

Amber laughed. "We've known for the past three months, honey. It's very obvious."

"All we know, mainly by the attitude by which you've presented this, is that she's older," Mandy said thoughtfully, almost as if she was ordering fine wine in a five star restaurant.

"That's right," Murphy said, not at all phased by their seemingly inside information on the girlfriend that they knew nothing about, or so they initially believed.

"Is she our age?" Amber asked. "Please tell me she's not our age or older..."

Murphy laughed. "No. She's twenty-seven."

Mandy nodded. "What does she do?" she asked.

"She's in education," Murphy replied.

"Gainfully employed in an admiral profession," Amber said in an approving tone.

"Does she own her own home?" Mandy wanted to know.

"Yes. Nice home, too. She lives by herself in Maple Drive."

"Water view?" Amber wanted to know.

Murphy laughed. "Yes."

"Do we know her?" they asked.

"Yes. It's Gloria...Devon and Lucy's principal."

"Lovely lady," Amber said. 

"Exceptionally kind, honest, and considerate..."

"Sweetie, I'm right here," said Amber to Mandy.

Mandy laughed. "Yes, I know. I was just showing approval for our future daughter in law..."

"Whoa, whoa. No, no, no. We're just going to move in together," Murphy said quickly.

Amber blinked. "All right."

Mandy smiled. "And since my wife didn't ask, I will. Do you need any help moving anything?"

***

Gloria stared open mouthed at Murphy. It wasn't just her girlfriend's new babydoll lingerie outfit that was making her wet, it was the prospect of her moving into her house... And it didn't hurt that her moms, the top attorneys in town, approved of their relationship wholeheartedly.

"Um...so they're okay with it?" asked Gloria, trying to keep her mouth from going completely dry.

Murphy nodded, giving Gloria a half smile as she put on a new dress which emphasized the curve of her hips and her full breasts. "Yes," she replied, brushing her hair again and clasping a pearl necklace around her throat. "And tomorrow we move in all of my things and then I'll be your domestic partner instead of just your girlfriend. Now, put on that sexy black number I've bought for you. I know your ass is just going to look amazing in it."

Gloria nodded and put on the black dress. She twirled around a bit and laughed, but her giggles were soon cut off as Murphy unexpectedly embraced her, and captured her lips. Gloria let out a gasp, and Murphy took that opportunity.

"The things I'm going to do to you later," she whispered into Gloria's open mouth. "As soon as tonight is over, I'm taking you back here to fuck you, no exceptions."

Gloria nodded as she and Murphy grabbed their wraps and went downstairs. Murphy led her out the front door as they hastily stepped into their heels by the exit and instructed her to get into the passenger seat of her green Fiat. The nineteen-year-old ascertained that Gloria was strapped in and away they went.

They arrived at the Italian restaurant, Bacio d'Italia, one of the best places in town. Gloria gasped as it was her favorite restaurant, and Murphy smiled a knowing smile. She handed over her keys to the valet and took Gloria's arm as they stepped inside to the friendly-looking maitre d.

"Two for Murphy Zucchia," she said to him.

"Ah, the Olive Room. Right this way, please, Miss Zucchia." He led them through the main dining room and down a corridor. There were two doors on opposite ends of the hall, each boasting gold name plates. One read "The Oak Room", the other, "The Olive Room". The man opened the green door which led to a sumptuous room with a circular table and chilled sparkling cider, fine China, and silver. The sparkling cider would have ruined the moment, except neither Murphy or Gloria drank. 

The man handed over black leather menus with curved gold lettering and pulled out chairs for both of them. He said their waiter would be along shortly and left them behind. The pair of them opened their menus and gazed at the five star cuisine.

Gloria sighed. "I have to talk to you..."

Murphy looked up. "Is everything okay?" she asked.

She nodded. "Yes... You know Head Principal Hawthorne?"

Murphy nodded back. "Of course. The guy who's one up from you in the hierarchy in the jobs at Pinewood. What about him?"

Gloria sighed. "He's retiring at the end of the year."

"Oh," Murphy said, sipping her sparkling cider. "He's been there what...forty years?"

Gloria nodded. "Yes. I want his job."

"That's amazing! You should go for it!" she cried.

"You really think so?"

Murphy nodded. "Yes."

Murphy kept her word. That night, when they returned home, Murphy led Gloria back up the stairs to their bedroom. She stripped her lover down and kissed her lips, neck, sucked on her fantastic nipples, kissed down her belly to her navel, where she licked and gently nibbled the skin around it.

Gloria began to squirm. "Oh, please..." came her pleading whispers. "Fuck me, Murphy. Please fuck me..."

"Not yet," Murphy said, and Gloria could feet her smiling as she kissed, licked, and nibbled all the way back up her stomach to her hardened nipples. She stuck out her tongue and caressed her lovers sensitive aereolas, which quickly puckered at the attention. She would alternate between them, and would play with the other one when not licking it, teasing it delicately with her long, slender fingers.

"I want those inside me," Gloria begged, looking more than a little pleadingly down at Murphy's hands as they toyed with her breasts. "I want you to lick me and fuck me with those hot hands and that sexy mouth of yours. Please..."

Murphy shook her head. She reached down and gently touched her lovers pussy, which was covered by the flimsy material of a thong. They were quite damp with arousal, and Murphy knew how much Gloria wanted her. 

"Do you like this?" she whispered into Gloria's mouth.

"Yes... More. I want more, Murphy..."

Murphy silenced her with a kiss. "All in good time," she replied. 

She then removed her stockings, now drenched where her own pussy had made contact with them. She used them to tie one of Gloria's arms to one of the bed posts, and Gloria's stockings from that evening had received the same treatment. She also found two other pairs and tied Gloria's legs to the final bed posts at the foot of the bed.

She then grabbed Gloria's sleep mask and put it over her eyes, a grin going over both their faces. Murphy climbed onto the bed and straddled her lovers face. "Eat me," she whispered.

Gloria immediately opened her mouth to oblige. Her lips parted slowly and she flicked her tongue onto Murphy's enlarged clit, to which the younger girl squealed with delight. She leaned against the head board of Gloria's impressive bed frame for support as she continued moaning.

"Do you like that, baby?" Gloria asked encouragingly. "Yeah, you like having your pussy eaten, don't you?"

"Yes..." Murphy whispered, savoring every moment of it. She then felt herself trembling. "Oh, Gloria..."

"Come on, baby. That's right. Do you want to come?"

"Yes..." And then Murphy exploded, her whole body quivering and shaking on top of Gloria, knowing that she would never get this feeling with anyone. She then climbed down from Gloria's face as soon as she'd recovered and went into their giant walk-in closet. She grabbed something from behind a row of her dresses and produced a bag from a local high quality sex toy shop. She produced a strap on from the bag and hastily put it on, not wanting her lover to become too distracted.

"Baby, you okay?" came Gloria's voice from the bedroom.

"More than," Murphy said, dashing back to the bedroom and quickly putting some lube on the strap on. She climbed in between Gloria's legs and bent down to inhale her pussy scent. Her lover was still quite wet, and Murphy knew that Gloria would love her little surprise that was in store for her.

"Baby?" asked Gloria.

Murphy smiled. "Don't worry about a thing," she whispered, and then she eased the dick into her.

At once, Gloria's hips attempted to move closer and ease even more of the strap on into her. Murphy smiled at her lovers eagerness for it and gently took her by the hips so as to create even more leverage for the two of them. The older woman gasped as the whole of the strap on's dick eased all the way into her, and she hastily pulled in and out, back and forth with Murphy.

"Oh god..."

"You okay, baby?" asked Murphy.

"Yes," replied Gloria. "Oh, fuck! Keep fucking me, Murphy! Please don't stop fucking me! Oh, shit!" she screamed, wishing she could see Murphy's face to detect her feelings.

Murphy reached out then and removed the sleep mask. "There you go, baby. I don't know if I should stop, or..."

"No!" cried Gloria. "Don't stop! Don't stop!"

Murphy nodded as best she could and kept going. "Come on, baby," she said encouragingly. "That's it. Do you want me to make you come?"

"Yes!" Gloria screamed, fighting against her restraints. 

She wanted to grab a hold of Murphy and cling to her and make her orgasm come faster. But Murphy kept right on pumping that dick in and out of her, all the while making Gloria scream and shot and moan. Gloria wanted desperately to come, and now was her chance.

"That's it, baby," Murphy said as if anticipating it, and almost to a second climax herself from seeing Gloria all worked up like this. "Come on. Let yourself go..."

And then Gloria let out a final, pivotal scream and collapsed. Murphy let herself go right at that moment as well and fell on top of Gloria. She bent up and backwards slightly to undo Gloria's restraints but remained otherwise still in Gloria's arms.

"I love you so much," whispered Gloria into Murphy's ear.

Murphy smiled. "I love you too." She looked up at Gloria then. "I want to have your baby," she whispered.

Gloria blinked. "You do?"

Murphy nodded. "Yes," she said softly, her eyes filling with tears.

Gloria smiled. "All right. We can have a baby, or babies if you want more than one, but only on one condition."

"I want to be a lawyer..."

She shook her head. "No. It's not about that, don't worry."

Murphy nodded. "Okay. What's the condition?"

Gloria smiled. "Murphy, I want you to marry me."