 Over the next four years, Murphy found how much she was enjoying practicing criminal justice at New York Law School. She was surrounded by people that were as passionate for her subject of choice as she was, and it filled her to the brim with joy. It was now April, two months before she was due to graduate, yet there was a heaviness to her left hand, as well as to her belly.

Gloria had become an all-out member of the family in the years that had gone by. She was pleased that her domestic partners moms, Amber and Mandy, only wanted to see Murphy happy, and had welcomed her with open arms. She remembered the family dinner that had taken place, and how shocked fourteen-year-old Sebastian and the twelve-year-old twins, Devon and Lucy, were when she'd given them permission to call her "Gloria" when they were there at their house.

Murphy glanced at her watch then and realized she was at the risk of running late for her internship on the hottest new murder case in town. Amber and Mandy, her moms, had gotten her the gig, and she was very excited. Quickly finishing up the seventeenth paragraph of her final essay (which was due the first week in June, two weeks before graduation) she gathered up her books and ran outside to hail the cab.

Getting inside, she gave the address for the Tweed Courthouse: 52 Chambers Street, New York, NY. It was very abnormal for her to take a cab a distance only a mile away, but Amber and Mandy had informed her that it would look more professional if she arrived in one. Murphy ignored the cab driver's drab expression at his measly profit of only a dollar as he pulled up to the courthouse. Murphy reached into her wallet and handed over a twenty.

"Don't got anything smaller?!" the man demanded in a harsh Bronx accent.

Murphy smiled. "Mr. Davis," she said calmly as she hastily read his name, "I know times are tough. That's for you," she said with a smile. As Davis pondered the twenty dollar bill, she told him to have a nice day as she got out of the cab and went up the stairs.

Mandy was waiting for her at the entrance, and was trying her best not to bite her nails. "Mom's inside with Norwood," she informed her as they made the grand entrance together.

At once, paparazzi was upon them.

"Mandy! Mandy! Mandy!" they hollered at her. "Is this Murphy?! Murphy! How do you feel about the testimony so far, Murphy?! Do you really think your client is innocent until proven guilty?!" they demanded.

Mandy had Murphy firmly by the arm as she managed to pull her into a row of conference rooms near the main courtroom where Amber was. Amber was sitting upright, back to the door, and Murphy gazed at Richmond Norwood, the accused that they had to find innocent. Murphy kissed her mother on the cheek and sat on one side of her while Mandy took the chair she'd been sitting in before.

Norwood immediately turned his attention onto Murphy. He was always a sucker for a pretty face. Although in his mid-fifties, balding, and an expanding gut that made him resemble a woman expecting her nineteenth child, he still believed he had a way with women. He gave Murphy the same smile that he'd given the woman who'd snapped his mugshot in an attempt to seduce her as well. "Murphy," he said, caressing her name in a way which always made her feel uncomfortable.

"Mr. Norwood," she replied formally, digging into her Milano Brief in Tuscan red which Gloria had bestowed upon her last Christmas after the news of her landing the internship on the Norwood case. "I've spoken with the witness Mrs. Pomeroy who was Regina Matthews long time best friend. Now, she is going to say some things in your favor, and the prosecution won't like that. Now, what we need from you, Mr. Norwood, is a proper rebuttal."

Norwood had still not taken that simpering, sickening grin off of his face, and still gazed into Murphy's almond-shaped hazel eyes which seemed to transfix and captivate him completely, body and soul. "We could simply tell them that I was with you on the night of May seventh, Murphy."

Murphy sighed. This charade of him seducing her had to stop. She knew that Amber and Mandy wanted nothing more than to jump in and defend her from Norwood's frankly outlandish ideas and allegations, but Murphy had held firm. She had told them that the two of them would not be around to aid her against the inevitable forever and, criminal or not, though she felt uncomfortable by Norwood's words, she did not believe him a threat.

"Couldn't we?" he was asking, smiling so as his brown teeth showed.

"Oh," Murphy said then, reaching into a compartment of her case. She drew out a small box and pushed it across the cherry wood table towards him. "These are for you."

Eagerly, Norwood opened the box to reveal snap-on perfectly white teeth for court that day. He was clearly perplexed by all of this.

"I spoke with your dentist, Dr. Taylor, who had some moldings of your teeth in his records and I rushed those out for delivery for you," she said evenly. "I thought it would look better for People, Huffington, the New York Times, Time Magazine, and whoever else chooses to interview you. I mean, I think you are supposed to smile in those photographs, aren't you?"

Murphy returned home that afternoon completely exhausted. She'd stood on her most uncomfortable heels when she'd assisted with the cross-examination of Mrs. Eugenia Pomeroy about her relationship with Regina Matthews, one of the six murders that Norwood was accused of. As she dragged herself from the foyer, she could distinctively smell Gloria's chicken wafting down the hall.

Gloria stood waiting in the kitchen, her green eyes aglow with pleasure, her blonde hair curled and close to her scalp. "Hello, my darling," she said, taking Murphy into her arms and kissing her deeply.

Murphy was suddenly so aroused by her lover's tongue co-mingling with hers that an idea struck her then. After noticing that all of their dinner was laid out upon the table, she suddenly lifted Gloria up onto the kitchen island. She hastily stripped her down, and herself as well, before clamoring up onto the counter on top of her, noting with glee how big Gloria's beautiful eyes had gotten then. 

"What are you going to do?" Gloria whispered in a mixture of pure joy and delight.

Murphy smiled. She took her right hand and caressed it with her tongue before moving it downward and touching her lover's already dripping pussy. Delighted that Gloria was already so wet and wanting for her, she opened her own legs so that their pussies were touching each other.

The very moment that both of their wet, swollen lips made contact, both women let out groans of ecstasy and heat and pleasure. Murphy then began to grind her pussy against Gloria's, savoring the slippery feeling of smooth skin to smooth skin. While her pussy had a fashionable landing strip, Gloria's was completely shaven. She had even gotten a pair of angels wings tattooed there, with the words "M & G 4ever" written in permanent ink just above the feathered wings. Murphy had the same tattoo, written around her lone strip of hair on her pussy, except that hers read "G & M 4ever".

"My legs..." Gloria was whispering to her then. "...my legs feel like jelly..."

Murphy smiled down at her. She kept grinding her pussy flesh into Gloria's, wanting her lover to come inside of her and vice versa. "Good, baby," she whispered encouragingly, gently moving a stray lock of hair from Gloria's eyes so as she could better see her face. "I want you to come inside me. I want to come inside you..."

"Oh, yes! Fuck!" Gloria cried. "I want to so much!" she squealed. Then, she began to gasp, and then, there was a flowing wetness between them as two different streams of liquid went into each other's pussy.

Gloria quickly took a shower and had dinner before climbing into bed to plan the spring picnic assembly. Murphy went into their adjoining bathroom and went into her sports bra where the secret item was. She read the instructions and went towards the toilet.

After relieving herself, she set the pregnancy test on the sink. Getting to her feet, she wiped her aching (yet still hungry) pussy and flushed the toilet, washing her hands as she waited for the results.

"Honey! You okay in there?" Gloria called out.

Murphy smiled. "Yeah, babe! Just deep in thought about the case. I'll be out in a minute."

"Okay, sweetie," Gloria called back.

Murphy looked at herself in the mirror and bit her lip. She had deliberately placed the pregnancy test upside down so as to add to the surprise. They had been trying for over a year, and the plan had been that if they'd succeeded, then Murphy would pass the bar and go directly to work for her moms. But, that hadn't happened, and now she would be able to graduate.

She lowered her eyes. It was time. She picked up the test, and there was a plus sign staring up at her. Nothing prepared her for her reaction. She let out a squeal and a scream which sent Gloria flying to the door and wrenching it open.

"What?!" she cried. 

"We're pregnant!" Murphy yelled.

Gloria whooped and hollered and grabbed Murphy and swung her around the room. Then, she lowered her down and sighed. "You know Victoria Abbot, right?" she asked.

Murphy nodded. "Of course. Norwood's daughter by the fifth woman he killed, Amy Abbot."

Gloria nodded. "Well...as you know neither of them have any other family and well..."

"She's lovely," Murphy said then. "I know she is your new favorite student at Pinewood. As Head Dean, you get to take a lot of liberties."

"I know. Which is why I've decided that we should adopt her."

"Adopt her?! But Gloria..."

"You'll be twenty-five within six months and that's about how long the application takes to get in."

"But...we're about to start a family, dearest, and..."

"And Norwood is going to be found guilty anyway. You told me yourself that unless the jury is blind and deaf that they'd convict him. Besides, soon Victoria will have nothing. Do you want that on your conscience, knowing that you had the power to stop it?"

Murphy lowered her eyes. "All right. I know you're right." She raised her eyes to Gloria's. "Let's fill out all that damn paperwork, then."

For the next several weeks, Murphy worked non-stop on her final essay, various depositions, and the Norwood case. Members of the jury did not seem to be sympathetic of him, and were quite moved by eleven-year-old Victoria's speech about the man who was her father. She sobbed a little on the stand, while Norwood just sat there without emotion for the mother whom he'd successfully taken away from this child.

Victoria would tuck her golden hair behind her ears periodically, and then shake it out after she got tired of it that way. Her hair resembled spun wheat, and her eyes were an attractive nut brown; her nails on her small, delicate hands had been painted by some kind adult presumably, and were a firey red.

"Now, Victoria, was Mr. Norwood always in your life?" asked Amber.

Victoria shook her head. "No. He wouldn't stay long."

"Can you tell me how long he would stay on these extended trips?"

"Two or three weeks," Victoria replied softly into the microphone.

"And what would you do with your mother when he was there?"

Victoria shrugged. "Play," she answered softly.

Amber smiled. "I'm sure you did play. I wonder if you could tell us what you did play with Mr. Norwood?"

Victoria lowered her eyes. "He told me not to tell."

At once, Murphy was on her guard. She well knew what that response could potentially mean. She also knew that she didn't want to believe it.

"It's all right, Victoria. You're among friends."

Victoria sighed, not saying a word.

"Victoria," Amber said, getting closer to the witness stand, "did Mr. Norwood exhibit inappropriate behavior towards you?"

"Objection, your honor!" said Clarence Moore, the bothersome DA for the prosecution. "This is about whether or not Mr. Norwood is a serial killer, and nothing else!"

"Sustained, Moore," Judge Margaret Humphrey replied. "This trial is named 'The State vs. Richmond Norwood'. If there is potentially more criminal activity going on than we realize, then we shall address it promptly and in a unequivocal manner," she said in a manner most brusque as she turned back to Amber. "Proceed."

"Thank you, Judge Humphrey," she said, turning back to Victoria. "Victoria, did Mr. Norwood exhibit inappropriate behavior towards you?"

"I...don't...understand," replied Victoria in a shaky voice.

"Did he touch you in an area which made you feel uncomfortable?" Amber asked patiently.

Victoria's eyes filled with tears. "Yes," she whispered.

"Could you please show us, and the jury, where you mean, please?" She immediately saw her reluctance. "I know that I am representing Mr. Norwood, Victoria, but it is my duty to get all the facts. I am sure it must be difficult for you, but I need you to show the jury where he touched you."

Slowly, Victoria got to her feet. She pointed to her vaginal area as well as her buttocks, which made the jury, predictably, gasp. "He made me do things," she said softly. "He would make me do the things that he did to Mommy," she said quietly, her face crumpling again.

"What things?" Amber asked her gently.

"Sex things," Victoria replied, breaking down completely so that she had to be carried, sobbing, from the courtroom.

Murphy went home right after Victoria's speech. She went upstairs to her bedroom with Gloria and threw herself down onto her bed. She beat her pillow and shouted and screamed. It made her weak and she called Richmond Norwood every name in the book, and she knew she was right.

"Asshole!" she screamed. "Fucking cowardly bastard! Shit-faced turd-breathed prick!" she yelled. 

Finally, she knew what she had to do, and it wouldn't be easy. After composing herself and changing into a different suit, she got back into her car and drove back to Tweed Courthouse where she knew Victoria was being held for the time being. She went inside and ignored the photographers and invites to various television shows and offers to appear on the front page of Who Cares Magazine. Going down the hall, she let herself in to one of the conference rooms where Victoria was, with Murphy's favorite security guard, John, the only openly gay security guard in the joint.

"John, may I sit with her for a while?" she asked.

John smiled. He nodded and left the two of them alone.

Murphy approached Victoria. "My name is Murphy," she said softly.

Victoria looked up. "I saw you in the courtroom."

Murphy nodded. "You did. You know those two nice ladies talking to you?" she asked.

"They're pretty," Victoria replied. "I liked them."

Murphy smiled. "They are my mothers," she replied.

Victoria sighed. "I want my mother back..."

"Victoria, do you know what foster care is?" she asked.

She shook her head.

"It's when kids have a complicated situation, which render their parents unable to take care of them. When that happens, the children go to nice homes to wait until their parents come back, or they get adopted."

"Can you do that?" Victoria asked Murphy, reaching out a hand to her. "I think you're nice, too."

"I can," said Murphy, recalling the manila envelope she'd gotten in the mail, approving her and Gloria for a foster placement of Victoria. "My domestic partner and I can. She and I have been granted permission by some very important people to allow you to stay with us."

"Do I get to bring my favorite stuffed animals?" she asked.

Murphy smiled. "Of course you do."

"And my Tweety Bird t-shirt?" she asked.

Murphy nodded. "Yes."

"Will I have my own bedroom...and a bed?" asked the girl.

Murphy forced her eyes not to fill with tears. "You shall have all that and more," she said firmly. "You're to come to be with me and Gloria on Monday." She leaned down and kissed Victoria on the cheek before telling her she would see her soon, and left her behind with John, who had gotten her some juice and cookies to help.

Murphy went to Gloria's grand office and was happy when she remembered that, on Fridays, Miss Carey, the secretary, went home at noon. Murphy knocked on the door and was given entrance. Gloria was filling out paperwork of some thing or other when Murphy stepped inside. She locked the door and windows before pulling down the blinds and sealing them shut.

"To what do I owe this pleasure?" asked Gloria, but she was silenced by Murphy kissing her.

"We got approved," she said, hastily unbuttoning Gloria's black silk blouse. "I told Victoria that she is to come and stay with us starting Monday."

Gloria gasped. "Are you sure?!" she demanded, her voice catching.

Murphy nodded. "Yes," she said, unzipping her lover's skirt and removing her lacy bra and panties. "We are going to be a proper family," Murphy said, getting under Gloria's desk and wetting her thumb, index, and middle fingers. "I know you want that. I am so happy that we can have it together. I love you, Gloria..."

"Wait!" Gloria cried. She reached into her desk drawer. "Before you make me come in your mouth, I have to say something, too. I love you. I want to be with you forever. I have never wanted anyone as much as I want you-physically, emotionally, sexually, spiritually. I want you in every way, every where, in every form. I need you, Murphy. Forever." Gloria opened up a small box, revealing a four-carat, pear-cut diamond ring in a silver double banded form. "Marry me, Murphy. Be my wife."

Murphy grinned. She shut the box and shoved it back into Gloria's desk. "I want to be your slut one last time, Gloria. I love you. I want to marry you, and I will. But first I want to finger you while I touch myself. I want to make us come together. I want us both to feel the way we should. I want us to be as if we are one."

Gloria's eyes filled with tears. "I want that, too."

Murphy smiled. She wetted her fingers a second time (thumb, index, middle) and slammed her two fingers into Gloria's pussy, while her thumb worked her lover's clit. Reaching up her own mini skirt, Murphy played with herself as Gloria moaned above her. The Head Dean of Pinewood Middle School lifted up her hands and wetted her thumb and index fingers and massaged her nipples, which became hard at the attention. 

Murphy groaned against Gloria's clit as she lapped at her lover's pussy, alternating between that and Gloria's beautiful hole. Gloria's clit quickly became large at Murphy's touch, as Murphy felt her own growing beneath her fingers. Murphy leaned closer so as she could suck Gloria's clit and finger her all at once. She wanted to make sure that Gloria got the maximum pleasure from this arrangement.

"Shit!" Gloria seemed then, just as Murphy, too, realized that she was close. "Oh, my god... Murphy...oh, fuck! I don't... Oh, my fucking god! You're going to make me come!" she said between her teeth. 

"Yeah? You're going to come?" she whispered against Gloria's pussy. "Come all over my face," she said, sticking out her tongue and proceeded to fuck her lover's hole doubly, as she stuck two fingers inside of herself. "Oh fuck," she whispered, proceeding to move her fingers in and out from inside of herself, working her pussy as well as her lover's.

"Murphy!" screamed Gloria then, just as Murphy lost herself as well.

"Gloria!" she moaned, feeling herself come as she pictured her lover eating her on top of her desk. Next time, she thought to herself. She rose to her feet and walked across the office Rob the executive bathroom that was all for Gloria. She washed her hands and pulled Gloria's secret stash of Wet Ones from underneath the counter and wiped herself off, before Gloria came up behind her and took a couple for herself.

"Was that okay for you?" asked Murphy, as she felt something on her finger. As she lowered her eyes, she saw the ring, and smiled.
