 Olivia

Slowly she got out of bed, covering her naked body with a lilac silk dressing gown. 

'Don't go,' I murmured, touching her back through the silk. 

She turned to face me, her bright copper hair tousled from sleep. A devilish smile spread across her face. 

'Hey I was just about to get you some coffee, I thought you were asleep,' she said softly, letting her gown fall open to expose her exquisite body. 

'Well, I'm not, so we might as well...' I bit my lip and opened the covers, showing her my tanned naked breasts, nipples stiff with arousal. 

Sex with Rose was just like her – sweet, sensuous and left me wanting more. 

We'd met the night before at an Indie club night in Shoreditch. As I was bobbing along to The Smiths, finding my rhythm on the dancefloor I saw her. She wasn't hard to miss. Dressed in a tight glittery red dress that rode up her pale white thighs she twirled beneath the disco ball, flirting with the music as the lights danced across her face. Time stood still for a moment as I watched her from the other side of the room. I'd never been with a girl before but I'd always been able to appreciate feminine beauty. This was different though. Her presence ignited a heat in my underwear. I waited till she was at the bar to make my move. 

'Hi, my name's Olivia,' I said, sidling up beside her just close enough so our bare arms were touching. 

'Oh, Hi! I'm Rose," She smiled at me, her pearly white teeth dazzling against scarlet lips. 

'Would you like a drink?' I offered.

She tilted her head to the side and looked at me curiously for a moment, peering into my soul with her dazzling emerald eyes. 

'Yes please – make it a double whiskey,' she said. It was at that moment that I realised she had an Irish lilt. Her words sounded like poetry. 

When we got our drinks, we returned to the dancefloor and both abandoned our friends in favour of sticking together. My heart pounded wildly as she wrapped her arms around my neck and we slow danced to Lady in Red. 

'Hey, tonight this song could be about you' I whispered in her ear. 

She just smiled and nodded, brushing a hand through my frizzy raven curls and softly caressing my cheek. 

It was raining when the club shut and everyone spilled out onto the street. Girls teetering in heels, stumbled down the street, vainly attempting to use their clutch bags for cover. We stood by the entrance, sheltered by a narrow tin roof as Rose puffed on a cigarette, breathing wispy smoke into the damp night air. 

'So tell me Oliva, where are you from?' she asked, glancing at me sideways. 

'Italy, well Rome to be precise' I said, moving closer.

'Ah, I see and what brings you to rainy old London?' she asked as she threw down her cigarette, stubbing it out with her black patent stiletto. The butt was stained with her red lipstick. 

'Well, I came with my boyfriend a year ago to look for work, but then we split up,' 

'Ah, I see' 

We slipped into silence for a moment as she buttoned up her coat. I knew that was the moment I had to act, the fleeting window of opportunity that would forever escape me if I didn't do what I did next. 

When she looked up, my lips were an inch away from hers. She was taller than me on account of the heels so I had to stand on my tiptoes, straining the leather of my Doc Martins. Then I kissed her, grabbing her waist with a raw passion and fervently tasting her soft mouth. 

Suddenly, she broke away, her eyes wide and searching and for a moment I thought I'd got it all wrong. But then she smiled mischievously and leant in close so she could whisper in my ear, 'Do you want to come back to mine?'

My answer was to kiss her again, slower this time, savouring the sensation of her lips melting into mine. 

'Alright, alright, break it up ladies, time to go home,' said the short stout bouncer as he ambled towards us, clapping his hands with mock authority. 

We giggled and made a dash for the tube, running through the wet streets.

Rose abandoned her heels in a puddle, preferring to go barefoot and we squealed as a car whooshed past, showering us both with muddy gutter water. 

When we got back to her place, she threw her coat on the floor unceremoniously and breezily declared she was going to have a shower before disappearing into the bathroom. 

It was a small studio apartment, cramped but cosy with pastel coloured furnishings, soft lighting and piles of well read books.

I heard the water running as I started to unlace my boots. 

She peeked her head around the doorframe.

'Well come on what are you waiting for?' she asked impatiently. 

I stuttered a reply, the heat rising to my cheeks as she disappeared back behind the door. 

Hastily I undressed, throwing off my denim shorts, t-shirt and fishnet tights with wilful abandon. Once naked, I padded over to the bathroom, leaving my clothes in a crumpled heap by the front door. 

The room was already filling up with steam and I could just about make out the blurry shape of Rose's body behind the translucent shower curtain. I drew it back, revealing her glorious naked body and watching in awe as the water ran over her smooth glassy skin, cleansing every inch of her. 

'Well are you getting in or what?' she said playfully, extending a hand.

I grabbed it and she pulled me into the bathtub with her, snaking her arms around my waist. 

I kissed her again as our breasts gently touched, our bodies moulding together under the hot stream of water. 

Wordlessly she knelt and grabbed the back of my knees firmly, forcing me to sit down on the edge of tub. My heart raced and my breathing grew shallower. My pussy was moist with anticipation.

Rose knew what she was doing. Pressing her fingers into the soft skin of my inner thighs, she looked up at me and smiled. A trace of lipstick remained.

'Ok, just relax and enjoy this,' she said slowly. I savoured every syllable. 

First she pressed her lips against my lips. I trembled with excitement as she kissed me softly. Then she licked me, gently caressing my pussy with her tongue, probing deeper till she found my clit. I shuddered as sparks of pleasure ran threw me. She flicked and probed, making me wetter, exciting me until I was moaning loudly, gasping for the sweet release of orgasm. 

She brought me to the edge and stopped. I cried in agony, aching for her to continue. But she just gazed up at me dreamily, biting her lip. She knew she was in control. 

'Please, please Rose', I panted, urging her to continue as I pressed my back against the cold tiled wall. 

She paused for a moment, regarding me with an impish expression before continuing where she left off. 

This time the sensations were stronger, more intense. She sucked on my clit, licking it faster as ripples of pleasure coursed through my veins, bringing me closer to climax.

'Oh, Dio mio, Rose, make me cum, make me cum!' I screamed as her wet mouth worked its magic on my sex.

The pleasure built to an explosive climax and a current of euphoria seized my body. I howled with ecstasy as the delicious orgasm rolled through me, eventually subsiding to a gentle wave of delight. 

'You're welcome,' she breathed, when she finally came up for air. 

Afterwards we towelled off and lay in bed together, talking for hours in the dark. By the time I was drifting off to sleep I could hear the birds singing outside as the first light of dawn filtered through the curtains. It was a night I would never forget.