 Rose

When I awoke her face was next to mine, beautifully serene. With smooth olive skin, dark hazel eyes and a cherry mouth that just longed to be kissed, she was the most perfect woman I'd ever seen. As I breathed in her sweet lavender scent I smiled and thought about the night before, how I'd eaten her pussy like a grapefruit. I put on my dressing gown with the intention of getting up to make us some coffee, but she touched me lightly on the back. I knew she wasn't asleep. All it took was one look at that sexy body and I was back in bed with her, cupping her pert little breasts and softly kneading them like a cat. I traced my fingers lightly around her nipples, feeling them harden at my featherlike touch. 

'Mmm Rose that's so nice,' she moaned, stiffening slightly and arching her back so she could give herself to me fully. 

I put my mouth to her left breast and slowly began to suck on her nipple, grinning as she let out little gasps of pleasure. 

Then I did the same to the right breast, flicking the nipple with my tongue as my hand strayed down between her legs, touching the soft folds of her pussy. She was dripping wet. 

'Mmm fuck yes, ahhh,' she groaned as I slid a finger inside, hard and fast, probing the inside of her wet little hole.

Then I suddenly withdrew it. She flinched and looked up at me wide-eyed and desperate for more. 

I climbed on top of her, straddling her as I locked my thighs around her slender waist and whispered in her ear,

'It's my turn now, you little cunt tease.' 

She bit her lip and smiled playfully. I had her right where I wanted her. 

I ran my hands through her thick black curly hair, kissing her passionately, exploring her mouth with my tongue. She still tasted of vodka from the night before.

Then unexpectedly she gripped my arms and flipped my over, pinning me to the bed with a vengeance. 

'Now this is more like it,' I said as I slapped her baby soft ass. 

'Mmm, harder baby,' she moaned.

I slapped her again, this time hard enough to leave the red imprint of my hand on her skin. I'd branded her. She was mine now. 

'Oh you like it rough do you?' she asked, grinning as she gripped my wrists and raised them above my head. 

She glanced to the side and reached over to grab a hair tie from the bedside table, using it to bind my wrists. She tied them so tightly I could feel the elastic cutting into my skin. It was kinky and hot as hell. 

'So what are you going to do to me now?' I asked. 

She had a glint in her eye, that look that told me she was down for a bit of naughtiness. 

'You'll just have to wait and see,' she said, stroking her fingertips down the entire length of my body. It was agony. I longed for her to grab me, roughly squeeze my breasts, fuck me with her face, her fingers, till I screamed with pleasure. 

'Please,' I begged as she reached the soft flesh of my inner thighs. 

'How badly do you want it?' she asked teasingly. 

'Just fucking do it,' I pleaded, impatient for her to take me. 

Without warning she suddenly thrust two fingers inside me, stretching out my tight pussy as she pumped them in and out. The sound of her fingers slapping against my cunt was heaven.

She clutched my breast with her free hand, pressing my hard nipple with her thumb as though it were a button. As the tension built, I writhed and squirmed, wanting so desperately to grasp the covers. 

'Keep still, you've been such a naughty little girl,' she chided.

Then she hooked her fingers slightly, making a come-hither motion that perfectly hit my G-spot, sending waves of ecstasy through my entire body. I came to an earth-shattering climax, squirting deliciously sticky cum all over her fingers. 

'Did you like that baby?' she asked before putting her fingers in her mouth and slowly sucking them clean. 

I couldn't speak. The after shocks of orgasm were still filtering through me, sending my body into involuntary spasms of joy. 

She laughed and untied my hands before coming to lie next to me, nuzzling her face into my neck. 

Once my heart rate had returned to normal, I let out a sigh of pure contentment and pulled her closer to me, savouring the feeling of her warm embrace. 

'Jesus Christ Oliva, that was...'

'Amazing,' she said, finishing my sentence. 

'Yeah, fucking amazing.'

We lay like that for a while, not speaking, perfectly at ease, entwined together in a sweet sticky mess. I looked at the clock and couldn't believe it was almost noon. I could just about make out the rumble of traffic below as London spluttered to life. It was definitely shaping up to be the best Sunday I'd had in a while. 

'So, what shall we do now?' she asked, gently tucking a stray strand of hair behind my ear. 

'Breakfast, on me,' I said, giving her a soft peck on the cheek. 

My apartment was on Bishopsgate, perched above a KFC. I hated fast food but had grown used to the pungent smell of fried chicken in the morning. Sometimes I even indulged in lunch there on weekends but Olivia deserved something better. I was out to impress.

I took her to Heron Tower which was just a short walk down the road and we climbed forty floors in a glass-fronted lift to a swanky restaurant called Duck and Waffle. 

The view over the city was spectacular. I held Olivia's hand as we ascended and smiled as her face lit up with child-like wonder at the pint-sized buildings below. It was quite a grey and murky day but seeing it through her eyes made it brighter. 

Once we reached the top we got a window seat and the waiter took our order. 

'I'll have what she's having,' said Olivia, playing footsie with me under the table. 

I ordered crispy polenta, bacon-wrapped dates and fresh bread for both of us. 

When the food came, we took it in turns to feed one another, opening our mouths wide for each tasty morsel of food. We didn't care that the other diners were staring. 

Afterwards we went for a stroll in a nearby park and lay down on the grass. It was only slightly damp from the night before. I loved the smell of a dewy lawn. It reminded me of home. 

Above us the sun was trying to come out and a patch of blue sky peeked out from behind the clouds. 

'So, tell me, why did you split up with your boyfriend?' I asked, suddenly curious as I turned to face her. 

'Ah it's a long story, you don't want to hear it,' she said, a tinge of pain in her voice. 

'No honestly, I do,' I said softly, squeezing her hand in mine. 

'Well, where do I start?'

'The beginning's usually a good place,' I jibed, tickling the thin strip of bare flesh between her vest top and shorts. 

'Basta! Hey, stop that,' she giggled, slapping my hand away.

Once she'd stopped laughing, she sighed deeply, her expression hardening slightly. 

'Ok, well if you really want to know, it was a year ago. We'd been living here for about a month and things weren't perfect, but they weren't awful either. I'd gotten a job at a coffee shop and he was working as a waiter. It wasn't what we'd always dreamed of, but we made it work and I thought that if we had each other that was all that mattered, you know?' 

I nodded. I knew all too well. 

'So, one day I came home from work early. My boss had given me the rest of the day off because it wasn't very busy, and my constant re-stacking of the cups was annoying the hell out of him.'

I smiled. Somehow, I couldn't picture Olivia as a neat-freak. Maybe it had something to do with her wild hair that was now splayed out over the grass. 

'So, there I was about to open the door to our flat and I heard Rico's voice, but he wasn't alone. I didn't think much of it. I just thought he'd maybe invited one of his friends from the restaurant round. Then I walked in and saw...'

She gulped, and squeezed her eyes shut, almost choking from the effort to get the words out. I put my hand to her cheek.

'Hey, Olivia, you don't need to tell me right now if you don't want to.'

'No, no it's alright, it feels good to talk about it,' she said, forcing a weak smile. 

'So, I walk in and there he is, balls deep in this skinny black guy, taking him from behind on our fucking bed.' 

'Oh my God, what did you do?'

'What could I do? I screamed and grabbed the cheating bastard by the neck. He tried to make excuses but I didn't want to hear it. As far as I was concerned he was dead to me.'

She rubbed her hands as though she was dusting off some flour. The thought of her strangling her ex-boyfriend really turned me on. 

'Shit, that's intense,' I said, not really knowing what else to say. 

'Yeah,' 

We lapsed into silence for a while as we listened to the pigeons squabbling and the cars trundling past, just beyond the leafy limits of the park. 

I cleared my throat as though I was about to say something but instead I just looked at her, grinning mischievously. 

As though reading my mind, she licked her lips and rolled on top of me, bending down to kiss me as she gently held my face in her hands.

'So, what's next?' I said, when she broke away. The sun was now beating down on us, warming our bodies. 

'You tell me?' she said, with a sly wink.