 Olivia

I wiped my forehead with the sleeve of my shirt before expertly pouring the hot frothy milk into the cup. When I added the espresso it melted into the white foam, producing a beige marbled effect.

'Here you go sir, one latte,' I said as I passed the drink across the counter to a sharp looking man in a suit and tie. He thanked me politely before hurrying out of the shop, wearing the perpetual frown of stress and mild consternation that was common to most Londoners. Now I was all alone. 

I glanced at the clock. It was almost 2pm, the time when things slowed down a little after the lunchtime rush. I sighed. 'Four more hours till I'm free,' I thought as I busied myself with clearing the tables, wiping them down with a damp cloth. 

It was as I was bent over, trying to remove a particularly stubborn emulsion of coffee and sugar that she grabbed me from behind, putting a warm hand over my mouth to stifle my surprise. 

'Guess who?' she whispered in my ear. I mumbled weakly and she released me with a vibrant giggle. 

'Ah Rose, what a lovely surprise,' I said as I turned around to face her. She looked incredible. Dressed in a sky-blue tailored skirt suit and crisp white shirt, she smiled brightly, arresting me with her alluring feline eyes. We'd been dating for almost a month now but the sight of her still got me flustered. 

'Oh, well you know, I finished work early so I though I'd swing by,' she said, playfully pinching my inner arm with her perfectly manicured hand. 

I felt self-conscious in my hot and sticky uniform.

'Um, I get off in a few hours, do you maybe fancy dinner when I finish?' I said casually, trying desperately to regulate the intense throbbing of my heart. 

She licked her rosy lips and grinned wickedly. 

'Why don't I get you off now?' she said, hooking an arm around my waist. 

My head buzzed with excitement as she pulled me closer, kissing me hard. 

'Wait, just a second,' I said as I broke free and rushed to the door, turning the sign around to display 'closed.' The manager was off and had left me in charge. I'd sneakily let everyone else leave at lunchtime in exchange for their tips, so I knew there was no chance we'd be caught. 

'Hey, I prefer to live dangerously,' said Rose as she strutted to the door and flipped the sign back around. I opened my mouth to protest but she silenced me with another lustful kiss before picking me up and carrying me into the storeroom. I wrapped my legs around her waist, running my hands through her soft, shiny hair as she roughly propped me up on a bench, shunting me against packages of paper cups. 

'Fucking hell Rose,' I gasped as she ripped open my black work shirt. The buttons popped and scattered across the floor in a gentle patter. 

'Mmm I'm going to make you feel so good,' she purred as she cupped my right breast, squeezing the red lace of my bra with scintillating promise.

Then she reached in and nimbly unhooked it, fully stripping me of my shirt and bra in what seemed like one fluid motion. 

She tossed my clothes to the floor and eagerly put her mouth to my breasts, sucking and biting on the nipples, stiffening them with her wet mouth, shocking me with sensational tingly feelings somewhere between pain and pleasure. 

'Mmm yes Rose, don't stop,' I said, melting into the moment as I gripped the edge of the cool granite worktop. 

But then she did just that. She stopped and looked at me, a devilish smile creeping to her lips. 

'How much do you want it?' she said, leaning closer so I could feel her warm breath on my neck. 

'So much, God I want it bad Rose,' I pleaded as I involuntarily rocked back and forwards, aching to feel her touch. 

She teased me further, running her fingertips lightly down my neck and chest, circling the nipples but never giving them the attention I yearned for. 

'Fuck Rose, please!' I screamed.

Without further warning she notched things up a gear, brusquely unzipping my skirt, pulling it down with my panties and rolling my tights off my trembling legs. 

Then she paused and smirked. 

'Wait here,' she said, turning on her heels and walking back into the main shop. 

I panted breathlessly, barely able to stand the anticipation. 

When she returned she was still grinning, holding something behind her back. 

'What do you have?' I asked, buzzing with sensuous curiosity. 

'Shut up,' she said as she kissed me once more, exploring my mouth with her tongue as my levels of arousal reached fever pitch. 

Then I felt it. The cold metal shaft penetrated my cunt in a single sharp thrust before moving in and out as my soft, slippery wetness gave way to its hard edges. It was both hot and deliciously painful.

'You like that?' she said as she continued to pump me with it. 

'Ahhh, Rose fuck me, fuck me!' I screamed. 

Then she sucked her index and pointer fingers before pressing them to my swollen clit and circling it with expert sensitivity. I thought I was going to die from pleasure. 

In the far distance I heard a jingle as the door to the main shop opened and someone stepped inside. 

'Hello, is anyone here?' I head a woman's voice call. 

'Do you want me to stop?' Rose said softy.

'Fuck no,' I said as she continued to give me the most erotic experience of my life. 

Then in a spasm of pure ecstasy I came hard, screaming blissfully as I jolted my head against the paper cups. Rose slowed down her pace, gripping me gently about the waist as she slowly eased the spoon out of my vagina. The handle glistened with my juices which clung to it like spider's silk. 

Quickly I got dressed and rushed into the main shop to see if the customer was still there. 

A lady in a mink coat was leaning against the mahogany counter, impatiently drumming her scarlet nails on the smooth wooden surface. 

'Well it's about bloody time!' she exclaimed in a cockney tongue that belied her expensive appearance. 

'Oh, I'm ever so sorry Mam how can I help you?' I asked, still slightly out of breath. 

'I'll have a mocha to go, quick as you can love,' she snapped. 

I nodded and briskly set to work, making the order in record time. My cheeks were still flushed with the heat of sex. 

As she handed me the cash to pay, I noticed her eyes lingering on my chest. My bra was exposed since Rose had vigorously unbuttoned me earlier. I blushed and hastily handed her the drink. 

'So, what were you doing in there anyway,' she said, raising an eyebrow. 

'Oh, ah, just you know, catching up on the stock check,' I said, stumbling over my words. 

'Hmm, could have fooled me. It sounded like you were having sex love,' she said with a conspiratorial smile. 

'So, tell me, who is it, you got some fella knocking around in the back?' she asked in a tone that was seemingly both accusatory and filled with pride. 

I bit my lip, desperately hoping she would leave when Rose burst out from the stockroom and confidently glided over to us with all the grace of a prowling leopard. 

'No love, it was me, I just gave her the best fuck of her life. Now if you've got what you came for I kindly suggest you fuck off too,' she said courtly, motioning to the door. 

The woman stared at us aghast before making a hasty retreat. 

Rose and I both laughed.

Later I took her back to my place. I'd avoided it up until now since it was a bit of an embarrassing little hovel in Peckham, but it was homely enough. 

When we walked through the door we were immediately pounced upon by my inquisitive flatmates. 

'Wow, now who is this delightfully sexy creature?' asked Luis, my flamboyantly camp Mexican flatmate. 

I glanced at Rose to express my annoyance, but she just smiled back sympathetically. 

'Luis, this is Rose,' I said ushering her in and offering her a seat on the sofa. He sidled up next to her, eyes sparkling with enthusiasm as he took her hand and kissed it. 

'Pleased to be meeting you,' he said. 

The flat was open plan so the living room opened into the kitchen with no dividing wall. Sarah, a blonde angelic looking girl from York who'd just moved in was busy blending up some smoothies as part of her latest health kick. 

'Ay madre! Can you stop that Sarah, Olivia's brought her girlfriend over' shouted Luis. 

She turned off the whirring machine and joined us in the living room. 

'Oh hi, Olivia sorry I didn't see you there and this is...?'

'Rose,' I said briskly, impatient for us to be alone again. 

Rose shook Sarah's hand as she too squeezed up on the sofa, exiling me to an adjacent armchair. 

'Right, cool you look very smart, what do you do Rose?,' asked Sarah, fiddling with a tea towel she'd brought in from the kitchen. 

'I'm a lawyer,' said Rose modestly. 

'Wow,' said Luis, staring at her in reverent awe. 

I endured about fifteen minutes of stilted small talk before Luis finally took the hint and suggested that he and Sarah should go out and see a film. 

'Oh yeah sure,' said Sarah, winking at me. 

Once they were gone I set about making us dinner, a typical Italian penne arrabbiata with just the right amount of chilli. The spicy food tingled our tongues as we sat cross-legged on the sofa, watching an episode of Eastenders. 

'Mmm God Olivia this is delicious,' said Rose as she eagerly devoured the food.

'Not as delicious as you,' I said, smiling at her warmly. For the first time in ages I felt immensely happy as though my soul was floating somewhere in the empty space between two realities. 

She smiled back at me and gently squeezed my hand. 

'Thank you,' she said in a choked voice, almost on the verge of tears. 

'Hey what's wrong?' I asked softly as I put my plate down on the coffee table. 

She swallowed hard and looked away for a moment before once again meeting my gaze.

'Oh it's nothing, it's just, there's things I haven't told you Olivia,' she said still clutching my hand in hers. 

I moved in closer, taking away her near empty plate and placing it on top of mine. 

'Listen, you can tell me anything,' I said as I snuggled in beside her, letting her rest her head on my lap. 

She took a deep breath and slowly told me everything. 

'I was married once. It was about four years ago. We were both young and stupid, trying to make it here. I'd only just moved to London and he seemed like the answer to all my prayers. He was funny and kind, a proper Northern lad. We'd only been dating for six months when he asked me to marry him and stupidly I said yes. God I was so stupid.' 

Her voice was steady and even and I listened intently as she spoke, stroking her hair with gentle affection. 

'After we'd been married one year I found out he was having an affair. He slipped up, accidentally left his phone at home and I had the day off. All day it was buzzing with message after message. I thought I should look in case it was something important. It was her. I'm naked in bed, thinking of you sexy, send me a pic of your dick, I'm so wet 4 U, you get the idea.'

'Oh God Rose that's awful, what did you do?' I asked.

'Well I went to confront him. I marched right over to his accountancy firm, ready to give him hell. But when I got there he was being taken out in a stretcher and pushed into an ambulance. He'd had a heart attack. I went with him to hospital but he died later that night. I never got to say goodbye to the bastard.' 

She weeped soundlessly into my lap as I continued to stroke her hair, aching to comfort her in any way I possibly could. 

After a while she looked up at me and smiled weakly. 

'I'm sorry Olivia, I hope I haven't spoiled our evening,' she said with wide, sorrowful eyes. 

I smiled, my heart bursting with emotion. 

'No, no you haven't Rose.'

She smiled back at me before once again resting her head on my lap. Her tears had formed a small damp patch on my tights. 

We sat like that in silence for a while, as the theme tune of Eastenders signalled the end of the episode. 

'Olivia?' she asked after a while. 

'Yes?' 

'I love you.'

My heart leapt in fits and somersaults.

'I love you too.' 

We fell asleep like that on the sofa, blissfully unaware of Sarah and Luis' return.