 Prologue:

She gave me that sexy side ways glance that spelled out attraction in more ways than one. I knew in that moment the fun had just begun. As we sat in her car my nerves found no settling point and my breathing was far from my control, yet I did my best to hide it. I found in that moment that I had found love. 

*******

It was an early summer morning and the warm air caressed my skin like a long-lost lover. I drove to my best friends house, so that we could ride to work in her car. We both worked at the same hospital. Her name was Renee she was about 5'2 light brown skin the color of caramel, her body proportion was amazing. She had the perfect sized breast, a wonderful 36 DD paired with a flat stomach with an ass that would make any man stop and stare. 

She was a mature 30 years old, and had a sexy confidence that no one could ignore. She was an RN at the hospital,working on the prenatal floor. I on the other hand was 5'2 as well but I did not have the body that would make any one stop and stare. I had skin the color of dark chocolate and a 32-C breast size. My figure was very athletic because I workout in my free time, by which I did not have much because I was a surgical technician. 

As she drove down the highway we began to talk about the day ahead and other things best friends talk about. As she spoke my mind began to drift, my thoughts began to betray me as I thought of her in ways I knew I shouldn't. She was beautiful and intelligent and I cared for her more than I should.

"Victoria!?" I jumped as her voice pulled me back to reality. "Are you OK?" she asked as she looked at me puzzled.

"I am fine, just have things on my mind, is all." I replied.

She gave me a look that said she was not sure if it was true but her face softened as she said, "OK, are you sure we can talk about it."

I gave her a soft reassuring smile and changed the subject.

It was not uncommon for us to ride to work together, it became a daily routine. We pulled up to the hospital and parked on the fifth floor of the parking garage. We made plans to meet for lunch later that day in the cafeteria, as we always did when our schedules allowed. I did not have a surgery until 10 and we had arrived at work at 8:30. I decided to go to the floor where all the kids that were terminally ill or need a serious surgery of some sort. As I walked in I heard a tiny energetic voice calling my name.

"Victoria, he yelled, as he sat up in his hospital bed. 

"Adam!" I said with an equally enthusiastic voice. 

"How are you sweetie?" I said as we embraced. 

His face began to light up as he spoke. "I'm great, they finally found a heart for me. I'll be having surgery soon.

Adam had waited 9 months for a new heart and I found myself almost in tears of joy when I heard the news. I had visited him for the past five months and I had grown attached to him, in this businesses it is hard to not be emotional around the patients.Yet I did my best. My phone began to ring, poetic justice playing over the speakers. The caller ID read Kendra, my heart lurched out of my chest as I quickly answered the phone.

"Good morning Hun.." A soft voice said on the other end.

"Good morning Kendra." I replied with an elated heart.

"Are we still on for Friday night?"

"Yes most definitely, I already have my dress." I replied

Kendra and I had dated for about 3 months and my heart was beginning to find hers. We met at a poetry event downtown one Thursday night. She was performing and I was immediately hooked, she was beautiful. She was an accountant at a law firm in the city. She had it all beauty brains and a great personality. 

I had dated women since I was 19 years old. I never really enjoyed the company of men, I have only dated one guy, I suppose it was then that I realized that I didn't really find guys interesting. But ultimately I knew the day I had my first encounter with a woman. I was 19 years old and my college professor was a tall tanned woman with long brunette hair.

Everyday I would go to class and admire her from a far. At that time I had not really come to grips with the fact that women was what I truly wanted. I figured, that my attraction to professor Montague was just that, some one I found beautiful. As the days went by things began to change she was the main character to all my fantasies at night. 

At first I was afraid, because I grew up in a house where being a lesbian or gay was a sin. Then one day every thing changed. It was a Friday, mid semester and I had a paper that was late, professor Montague had told me I could turn it in on Monday but I decided that it was best that I bring it early to show some intuitive. 

I walked down the hall to her office, I was expecting to find her door locked and I was going to leave the paper in her drop box. Yet as I looked her door was slightly cracked. I don't know why but something didn't feel right so I decided to look in through the crack. My heart skipped a beat when I saw her.

As i looked in her red button down shirt opened at the top and one hand was squeezing her nipple as the other hand was below her desk. It did not take much effort for me to know what that hand was doing. Her head was back and her eyes squeezed tight as if to shut out the world and focus. I walked in quietly and closed the door behind me without a sound. As I walked in I heard her soft moans escape her lips.

I cleared my throat loud enough for her to hear. "Are you having fun?" I said in a dark sexy voice.

She shot straight up and asked "What are you doing here!?" in a startled shaky voice. 

With her face flushed and her eyes were wide, she shot a scared look at me.

"I should ask you the same thing Professor." I looked at her amused and slightly aroused. I gave her a sly grin and stepped closer to her desk.

"I wanted to turn in my report. But it looks as though you are busy."

I walked around to the other side of her desk and gave her a quick once over. Her clothes were a mess, yet it was sexy her long brunette hair was in waves down her chest. She was breathing heavy and I could see the frustration in her eyes,from not being able to finish. She quickly began to straighten her clothes, as she did so I grabbed her had and stopped her.

She gave me a puzzled look, "what are you doing?" she said in heavy breaths. Her face told me she already knew.

Without a word I put her fingers into my mouth never taking my eyes off hers. Her eyes went wide as I lightly sucked on the fingers that were just inside of her. Her face flushed and went completely scarlet. I looked at her and slid my hand down her stomach to the hem of her skirt.

I looked at her to get the green light, she opened her mouth as to protest but I slid my hand down further in one swift movement and found her lips. They were hot and wet. She was perfectly shaved and I loved it. As I began to rub her slowly at first, then more forcefully. At first her face conveyed emotions of confusion, fear, and then changed to wanting curiosity. 

In the back of my mind fear illuminated, yet so did excitement, for I had never been so bold, but in that moment I thought now or never. I continued to rub her clitoris and then I slid two fingers inside her and she gasped as her head fell back. Her moan became more forceful as I worked my fingers in and out of her as my thumb continued its torture on her clitoris.

Finally I felt her body begin to stiffen and her walls began to squeeze around my fingers. She began to moan louder and almost screamed but I kissed her quickly so no one would hear. I had wanted to kiss her soft pink lips since the day I saw her. As she came down from her climax I backed away and licked my fingers as I looked her in the eyes. 

She had a tangy sweetness that kind of shocked me, she tasted so good. She looked at me and smiled. I gave her a wink and reached into my backpack and grabbed my report, and set it on her desk. Her eyes followed my every movement. She was a beautiful in that moment.

As I was walking out she stopped me and said "You should defiantly come by my office more often."

I gave her a smile and walked out the door from that day on I was never the same. We dated for about 2 years but life played its hand in our relationship and we split but she knew she was always my first love. 

Kendra and I continued to flirt and talk about our plans for Friday night and I found myself engulfed in anticipation. The hospital intercom called for the staff working on the minor surgery at 10 that morning. I said my goodbyes and went downstairs to prep for surgery.

******

A few hours later Renee and I sat in the cafeteria discussing the day. When she blurted out, "When are you going to go out on a date? You know Elliot really likes you, and he's so fine. Girl you should talk to him or I will."

I gave he her a shy smile and laughed. "I am good girl, a man is the last thing I need now." 

I sat there hoping she did not see my nervousness to her statement about Elliot. "I am just not interested in him, besides he is more of your speed."

Renee had a knack for dating sexy successful men. She gave me a questioning look and then said, "You should at least give him a chance, I have known you for a while now and I have never seen you talk to anyone. Are you gay?"

My eyes went wide and I quickly said "No!" 

"I am just kidding girl but you need to get out there more and find Mr... Right. At least get laid."

Still hiding my nervousness, I shrugged my shoulders and said, "I don't have the time or the patience for a relationship." 

Hoping she would take that answer and leave well enough alone.Yet Renee was the type of woman who was persistent and never gave up. She gave me another one of those looks that let me know she did not like my answer. 

"We are going out this weekend and we are going to find you someone or at least get you laid." 

My heart stopped as I hoped she would not say Friday night. And sure enough the words slipped from her lips. Frantically I searched for away out of this situation.

"I don't know I began" Then she gave me a look that said I'm not taking no for an answer.

"Maybe Saturday night, Friday night I just want to stay home because I have a long surgery that day and I just want to go home and relax afterwards." I continued searching he face for acceptance. Hoping my nerves don't betray me.

"OK Saturday it is." she said brightly and we continued lunch with light conversation.

The rest of the day passed in a blur and finally it was time to head home. I walked to the board where the surgery assignments were for the next day. As I looked I saw that I was the surgical tech for Adams surgery tomorrow. They had switched my schedule and I don't know why. I sighed deeply and knew he must have asked for me or maybe they figured he would more comfortable with my presence.

I headed home, walking in my plane apartment I threw my things on the nightstand by the door. That night in a daze, I drank a glass of wine and got in the tub. While I was in the tub the silence consumed me, I needed it more than anything. I got out the tub put on my bra and panties and sunk into my bed that awaited me. 

My thoughts rushed back to me, more than anything was the guilt in my head that I was lying to my best friend. And then there was the matter that I cared for her, but I could not tell her how I really feel. My mind lingered on that thought as I drifted to sleep.

******

I woke up the next morning with a jolt as my alarm blared in the background. I got up and began to prepare for work when my phone rang, Renee's name and photo popped up on the screen of my phone. My enthusiasm shot up 10 points as I answered the phone. 

Renee's voice blared through the phone , "Wake up, turn on the radio, our song is on!" 

A song called "Fancy" bounced off the walls of my apartment as we sang and danced to our theme song. She asked if I would be riding with her to work and I replied with a sullen "No." because Adams surgery would take longer than her shift. We continued to talk about Adam and then hung up. 

That day went by, at a slow and steady pace. I did my best to control my emotions while in the operating room with Adam. I began to think about the next night that I would have with Kendra. Yet some how Renee crept into my mind and apart of me was sad that I had lied to my best friend. I didn't know what I was going to do.

Keeping this secret from her was killing me inside. Adams surgery went well, but when he came out of the operating room, he went into a coma in recovery. I sat with him until his parents arrived. I walked away as they entered with tears in their eyes. I went home and cried myself to sleep as well.

Friday night came, and my excitement was not contained. I drove to the Red Ribbon Lounge, my mind began to think about Renee and how I wished it was her that I was driving to, to go out on a date. I had four pink roses on the passenger's seat of my car wrapped in a silky black ribbon. I began to dismiss the thought because deep down I knew we could and would never be. 

I gave my car to velvet. As I walked in roses in hand, my thought slowly faded, then completely faded when I saw Kendra standing at the bar looking beautiful in a royal blue cocktail dress that put my plain black one to shame. I walked up to her and watch her face light up with that brilliant smile of hers. I gave her a soft kiss then handed her the roses and we found our way to the bar.

We sat and laughed and drank and drank some more. Good conversation, laughter, and flirting filled the air. It was getting late so we stumbled out of the lounge. We drunkenly walked to her car, before she unlocked her car I grabbed her, and pressed her against the car. I closed the distance between us as my lips pressed against hers. 

My hands slid down to the hem of her dress, searching for her bare thighs. My hand slipped her dress a little higher until it was on her ass. I squeezed it hard and she moaned lightly into my mouth. We drunkenly made out on her car. We finally came up for a breath and she looked at me with eyes that said she wanted me as much as I wanted her. 

I kissed her one last time and said, "I will meet you at your house." 

Then gave her a sexy wink as I turned around. I began to walk, as I did so, my heart stopped dead in it tracks. There standing about a yard away was Renée. Her face spelled out shock and confusion all over it. It seemed as though time was going in slow motion as I walked over to her. My mind raced, I had no idea what to say to her, yet there I stood face to face with my best friend that I lied to. 

Why didn't you tell me?! She screamed

I began to speak but the words refused to come out.

YOU LIED TO ME! YOU LIED! She continued. As tears began to form in her eyes.

I'm sorry, I did no...

Then I felt the unmistakable sting of her palm to my face. I stood there shocked for a moment then the tears began to run down my face. Stunned I couldn't move, and I watched as she angrily walked away. I began to cry, not because of the pain yet because I knew that I had lost my best friend. I was so numb I could barely feel Kendra grab me.

Victoria, who the fuck was that? She asked with a puzzled and shocked look.

A moment passed and I said nothing, I just watched as Renee continued to walk away. My eyes never left her until she was no longer in my sight.

"She was my best friend but I lied to her, she did not know I dated women and now we are no longer friends." I cried.

She looked at me and began to wipe my tears and said "I am sure she will come around just give her time. 

She just needs time to calm down. But in the mean time let's go back to my house. OK?" 

******

The next week dragged on in sadness. My heart-felt as though it weighed a million pounds. As I walked the halls of the hospital running on auto pilot. I would send text messages leave voice mails, anything and everything to talk to Renee. I even went by her house yet all my trying to reach her was to no avail. 

I continued to spiral into depression. The only moment I felt some sort of joy was the days I would sit by Adams bed side and read him stories as he slept in his comatose state. In away the books I read him were my escape as well. I would read elaborate stories of the adventures of a hero or heroine. Never did I read stories of romance or love for it was too much for me to handle, besides I figured he could use a wonderful dream.

One day I was in the cafeteria of the hospital weeks after the event and my heart began to heal some what and life was beginning to become easier without her, then, I saw her. I watched as she shared a laugh with the cashier, she was oblivious to the fact that I was there. As I watched that sinking feeling came back all to fast and missing her was all I could feel. She turned to walk away then stopped and stared at me.

We stood there for what seemed like an eternity, Neither of us saying a word. I could not read her face the emotion that showed on it was nothing I had ever seen from her. It was not anger or happiness. I would not say, that pleased to see me would be the way i would describe it, yet at the same time it was not as though she did not want to see me at all. No one said a word, although I wish I had. I just let her walk away.

That night I was to meet Kendra at her place for movies and dinner. I arrived at 6:00 sharp. Kendra answered the door in the most cheery voice. I gave her a soft kiss and a hug as I walked through the threshold. The house smelled of Italian spices, that filled my nose immediately. I walked to the Kitchen and saw that dinner was ready already, so I opened the bottle of red wine that Kendra had me procure from the store. 

We sat and talked over dinner then retired to the living room for movies. About half way into the second movie Kendra disappeared. When she returned. She had on Black lacy bra with a black thong to match. Also she wore a black guarder fastened to lacy thigh high stockings and tall stiletto Louis Vuintton heels. 

I sat there in awe of what was in front of me, I quickly turned off the movie and found my way to Kendra's side. I rapped my hands around her waist and kissed her passionately. As our mouths began to tango I felt her slowly reach down and begin to pull my shirt over my head and proceeded to throw it to the side. I lifted her in my arms and began to make the journey down the hall to her bed room. 

As I walked in, I saw there at the end of the bed was a red strap-on dildo with black straps. I gave Kendra a look and she gave me a sexy smirk. I laid her on the bed, I ran my hands lightly down her body her dark skin was smooth and intoxicating. I reached up and grabbed her face and continued to kiss her soft lips. My hand ran down her neck until it found the swell of her right beast. I cupped it lightly and massaged her nipple through the fabric of her bra. 

I pulled the black lace down and took her erect nipple in my mouth. I began to roll my tongue around it then sucked it hard. A gasp escaped her throat, as I continued the pleasurable torture, switching between the left and right perfectly sized breast. They were big enough to fit in my hand. I slid my tongue down her body until I reached her belly button and dipped it in.

I continued further down and removed her guarder, then took her thong between my teeth and pulled them down in one swift movement. I looked up at her and her eyes were wide in anticipation, I licked the out side of her lips slowly never taking my eyes off hers. She began to moan as I did this and her head fell back on the pillow. I continued to lick her slowly as I tasted her sweetness. I began to dipped my tongue inside of her, as I heard her moans I could feel my wetness growing more and more. 

I slid two fingers inside her and began to suck and lick her clitoris. She moan loader and her breaths became more needy, and quicker in pace. I knew she was ready to cum, so bit down lightly on her clitoris, her walls contracted around my fingers and as her orgasm rushed through her she screamed my name. I got up as she was coming down from her climax and finished undressing.
