 I have always known that I was just as attracted to women as to men. Sometimes, even more so. However, the opportunity to enjoy a woman had eluded me until I met Roxy.

I had just moved into my new apartment the previous night and was getting ready to spend the day unpacking. I barely heard the knock at the door over the music I was listening to. I opened the door and there she was in all of her splendor. She was about average height with long curly black hair and a curvy figure. I felt an instant attraction to her. She explained to me that she had recently moved in next door and knew the difficulty of unpacking alone.

"Would you like some help?" she asked. 

I smiled and said, "yes." It would help me get the work done and allow me to get to know Roxy better.

In reality I didn't really have that much left to unpack as I had done some of it the night before, but there was no way I was going to turn her away. As we unpacked, we talked about our lives and problems. 

Her girlfriend had walked out on her a few months back and she was just now starting to get over it. I was reveling in my good fortune, she liked women. Yeah. I complained to her about my ex-husband and in the end we both agreed we were much better off without them.

It took us about 3 hours to finish the unpacking. The last thing to be done was hanging a picture on the wall. Roxy offered to hold the ladder for me. I slipped slightly as I was climbing back down the ladder. Oops. Roxy reached up to steady me and her hand lingered on my ass for a bit longer than necessary. I instantly felt all tingly. She slowly removed her hand and I got down off the ladder. When we made eye contact I felt something pass between us.

We decided that after all of our hard work we deserved a break. I ordered us a pizza while she went back to her place to get a bottle of wine. We had a picnic on the floor in front of the fireplace. It was quite cozy. The crackling of the fire was very soothing and romantic. I felt very comfortable with her, like I had always known her. We talked and laughed and had a great time.

I turned my head toward her to say something but when I did her brown eyes were sparkling with mischief and she slowly leaned in and kissed me, a rock your world kind of kiss. There was nothing I could do except go with it, there was nothing else I wanted to do. We kissed like that for quite a while. Why hurry when it felt so good. When we took a breath I explained to her that I had never been with a woman before and that I was unsure of how to go about things. Roxy smiled and assured me I was doing fine and to let her guide me. I wholeheartedly agreed.

I suggested that it would be a good idea to move to the bedroom where we could be more comfortable. I took her by the hand and led her to my room. When we got to the bed she spun me around and kissed me. I went weak in the knees. Roxy asked (perhaps demanded would be more accurate) me to remove her shirt. I did so without hesitation. She had on a very sexy red bra. After I spent a few minutes admiring how wonderful she looked, I unclasped it and let it fall to the floor.

Her breasts were glorious. I would describe them as a large C cup with dark perfectly sized nipples. I leaned in to kiss her and while doing so I reached up and cupped her breasts in my hands. They felt so soft. I could feel how fast her heart was beating and I knew she liked what I was doing. I kissed my way down her neck and chest until I reached a very hard nipple. I slowly licked around it until I couldn't resist gently sucking her nipple into my mouth. She tasted so good. I continued teasing her nipples until she grew impatient with me. 

She took off my T-shirt and exposed my breasts to her ravaging mouth. Wow. She sure was good at this. I couldn't prevent myself from moaning my pleasure. After she had thoroughly pleasured my breasts, Roxy shoved me back on the bed and removed my shorts and panties. I felt very exposed under her intense gaze. She smiled. I relaxed. She climbed on the bed next to me and gently stroked me from my toes to my lips. I was on fire. Finally, I felt her hand descend towards my soaking wet pussy. She had me so turned on that all she had to do was graze my clit and I came. "That was fast, my sweet." Roxy laughed. When Roxy asked me how I felt I could barely speak. She started rubbing my clit again, first in circles and then side to side. It all felt so good. I jumped a little when she slipped first one finger and then another inside me. 

This woman was making me crazy! She climbed between my legs and lowered her lips to my clit. I felt her gently sucking on it. I knew another orgasm was building fast but, I wanted to hold it off as long as possible. She started using her tongue in much the same way she had used her fingers. I think I like the circles best. She would lick in fast little circles and then suck and then circles and then suck. Finally, I couldn't hold my orgasm off any longer and I exploded in her mouth. She kept my clit in her mouth until my quivers slowly went away. She looked up at me and smiled. "My turn," she said.

Roxy laid down beside me. I rested my head on her chest and smiled. I leaned up on my elbow and touched her face, so beautiful. I caressed her from head to toe. Once I reached her toes, I decided to follow my trail back up her body with my tongue. I slowly sucked her toes and licked my way up her shapely legs until I reached her dripping pussy. Since I had never done this before I tried to imitate what she had done to me. I tentatively touched my tongue to her sweet little clit. 

I heard Roxy moan, "Oh my God." This gave me the confidence to continue. I applied more pressure and ran my tongue in circles around her throbbing clit stopping every so often to give it a gentle suck. I could feel the muscles in her thighs starting to quiver and I knew her orgasm was close. I licked her clit quickly side to side until she exploded. It is a powerful feeling to be able to give someone such release from just your touch. I licked my way up her stomach and breasts to her mouth. I wanted her to taste herself on me. During our passionate kissing, I slowly entered her with my fingers, one then two, using my thumb to massage her clit. Our tongues were busy fighting their own battle. A battle with no losers. Roxy begged me to make her cum again, "Please my angel, another." I focused all my attention on her clit rubbing swiftly until she came again. I collapsed beside her and we fell asleep in each others arms.