 All the time Jennifer and I were talking, I was working on my plan. She had a big advantage over me since I hadn't been aware of her so called training program. Not that I was complaining about the results, but if my efforts to give her a memorable day were to succeed, I'd need some help and fast. Code word...toys.

I may have mentioned that I had some toys, but not the fact that I have a collection in a box under my bed. Almost every month for a long time, I'd been buying toys on line and having them held for pickup. Since I got the mail every day, I simply took the card out of the stack before Mom got home, and picked them up the next day. 

Mom probably knew what was in the box but I doubt that she checked it or she would have freaked...or asked to borrow one to "make sure it worked." Believe me, they all worked. The batteries all had to be removed so they were stored in my computer desk in a box marked "power supplies."

So anyway, by the time we headed for my room, my plan was set and I was ready. 

She said she had to go to the bathroom first so I had time to grab some toys and hide them either under my pillow or in the nightstand drawer before she came out. I went after she was done and when I came out, I looked to see if my pillow had been moved. She was sitting on the bed, with her feet tucked under her, holding one of my favorite vibes in her hand. 

"Is this for me?" she asked.

"No," I said. "I just forgot it was under my pillow."

She turned it on and held it to her nipple. "Oh I like that," she said. "Maybe you could demonstrate."

"And maybe not," I said, dropping to the bed."Scoot over," I said, smacking her leg.

"Say please and promise to use it on me," she said.

"How about if I just said, "See ya, and left?"

"You know you won't baby. You want me so bad right now, and you know it. Look at this pink pussy," she said, spreading her legs and leaning back. 

"Watch what happens when I put my fingers in there. Oh, my goodness, it swallowed them. Maybe I don't need you after all."

I grabbed her arm and pulled her toward me so I could roll on top of her. She could easily thrown me if she hadn't been laughing so hard until I reached back and pushed my finger against her anus and rubbed it. 

Instant submission. 

Before she had time to think about it, I grabbed the toy from her and rolled off. She rolled over and I started kissing her. As the kisses intensified, our tongues met and the dance began amid a chorus of mewling and moaning. 

Her nipple was wrapped in my fingers, as I rolled it back and forth and pinched. She seemed to love it when I did that or when I pulled them away from her and twisted them. Taking the other one in my mouth, I sucked hard several times before taking it in my teeth, nipping at it and biting it. I pulled both nipples away from her and with my teeth still locked around her, I mumbled, "Do you want these?"

"Oh my god," she said. "Please,"

She yelped when I finally released the one in my teeth but when I wrapped my mouth over her breast and sucked, she could only moan in pleasure.

With her nipple still in my mouth, I moved my hand down to cup her sex while my finger flirted with her wet lips. She spread her legs wider as I pushed into her. 

"Are you going to behave now?" I asked pushing it in as far as I could get it.

"No," she said.

"Good," I said, sliding down between her legs. 

I left my finger in her but slipped my tongue into her slit and licked up and down with my tongue flat to get her clit aroused. Then I used my thumb to open her up more and flicked my tongue over her clit several times. Licking and sucking, I pushed a second finger into her and started a steady rhythm of strokes.

She almost screamed when I threw the toy toward the chair. "What the hell? Aren't you going to use it?"

"No," I said. "I told you I wouldn't."

"Please?" 

I didn't answer and I stopped doing anything at all while I moved up to reach into the drawer, palming my 'when-all-else-fails" vibe, a tiny thing just over three inches long and a half inch thick, it has a clit destroying vibration that never fails.

I leaned over and kissed her. "Are you ready to cum?"

"Yes, oh god yes," she said. 

"Are you sure?"

"Please make me cum, honey, I'm so ready."

"Okay, but you have to keep your eyes open and look me right in the eyes when you come, or I won't let you."

She opened her eyes wide, and with my eyes gazing into the beautiful orbs, I reached down and put my friend against her, rubbing it in to make sure it was directly in contact with her clit.

"Ready?"

"Don't tease me honey," she begged 

I tapped it against her clit and she threw her hands down to get a fist full of bedding but I stopped. 

"You closed your eyes," I said.

"Oh, god, don't," she said.

Open your eyes, Jenni," I said, and once she had them wide open, I put it back and watched as her mouth flew open, her head jerked back and the bedding came up, but I stopped just long enough to make her look at me with an almost frightened look before I put it there and held it while rubbing it up and down at the same time.

She threw her hands to my hair first and then my shoulders. Her eyes got real big and rolled back into her head and she fought to lift her body up. I knew the instant she came because even more noticeable than the scream was the pain as her nails dug pieces out of my back.

I finally let her come down and for a second, I thought she'd passed out. Her arms dropped to the bed, her eyes closed and drool seeped from her mouth. Her body shuddered between convulsive spasms and wave after wave of spasms went through her thigh muscles. 

She wasn't going to ever forget that orgasm, I knew. 

I held her to me, running my fingers through her hair as I whispered to her of how much I loved her and how I wanted her next to me forever, until I felt her body just collapse into me. 

I continued talking as I bathed her with a cool cloth, stopping to wipe cum from her pussy so I could suck it from my fingers. Then I lay down next to her and waited for her to recover. 

Just lying next to her, watching the steady rise and fall of her breasts was such a beautiful thing to do. That's what I was doing when she took my hand in hers. I lifted it to my lips and kissed her hand and fingers over and over as I waited for her to look at me.

"Open your eyes honey," I said. 

"I don't want to," she said. "It's nice in here."

I kissed her several times on her face and lips. "It's absolutely beautiful out here," I said. "The most amazingly beautiful woman is lying here naked and I love her."

She opened her eyes and tipped her face to me. "Prove you love me," she said. 

I spent a long time proving it with kisses and caresses.

"What the hell?" she asked, taking her arms from around me. "Oh my god, Danni, you're bleeding!"

The insides of both of her arms were covered in blood...my blood.

I went into the bathroom and tried to wipe it away but couldn't reach it. That problem was solved when she took the cloth from me.

"Your back is covered with blood, honey. It might hurt a little, but I've got to clean you up before I can do anything."

I gritted my teeth and winced a couple of times as she bathed me from my hips to my neck. She threw the bloody cloth into the sink and started patting me dry.

"Honey, I need some bandages of some kind," she said. 

"In the drawer," I said, pointing to the top drawer in my vanity.

She rinsed the cloth, cleaned me up again and patted it dry. She blew her hot breath over me before applying the bandages, and turned me around to hold me. She had tears in her eyes and I found myself crying because of it.

"Baby, I'm so sorry," she said, with her head on my chest. 

I pushed her head back and looked into her eyes. "Look at me, Jenni. I'm fine," 

I said, only lying a little bit. It hurt like hell.

I kissed her and we held on to each other, kissing everywhere we could reach. 

She kissed the bandages, and my back, and we went back to strip the bed. The bloody sheet and cloth were dropped into cold water in the tub to soak and we put clean sheets on the bed. She changed the pillowcase as well when we found some stains on one corner.

"What can I do for you?" she asked.

"Well, you can love me forever," I said, "and you can kiss me and then you can stop beating yourself up."

"It's just that..."

"Stop," I said, kissing her again and again. "Honey, I'm fine. I shouldn't have done that to you."

"No, you shouldn't have," she said. "Now I'll want it ever time."

"Special occasions only," I said. "I call that my 'when-all-else-fails' toy."

"It's so fast," she said. 

"I know. It scared the hell out of me the first time," I told her."What else are you keeping from me? She asked.

"Oh, you'd be surprised, my little pretty one. One by one, they will be revealed and each and every one will give you yet another orgasm."

"I hope you have a lot then," she said.

I just smiled and kissed her.

She glanced at the clock and pushed me toward the shower. "Let's go," she said. "You have speech therapy in fifteen minutes and your mom will be home in a couple of hours. 

We showered together but she wouldn't let me play. We dressed and she did a wheelie getting me over to the computer for speech therapy.

"This is stupid," I said. "You and Mom have no problem understanding me, so why do we have to spend all this time repeating shit."

"We understand you, Danni, but we're used to the way you beat up the language. To the rest of the world you sound like you have a combination of hair lips and retardation. Besides, I found a way to change things up the other day. Before you start each day, we can type in a word you're having problems with, and the computer will focus on that sound combination."

"Whatever," I said. 

Mom came in and went to the laundry room, where she stripped off panties, blouse and bra, wrapping a towel around her top to go to her room. I heard her mumble something and the next thing I heard was,

"Did one of you cut yourselves? There's blood on this pillowcase that didn't come out."

"No, Mom, we didn't cut ourselves."

"Danielle Jeanine, what happened?"

"It was my fault Mrs. Baker," Jennifer said.

"It wasn't anyone's fault Mom, it just happened that's all."

She came in to where we were working. "Exactly what was it that happened?"

"I need to trim my nails, Mrs. Baker. I'm sorry."

"I'm not sure I want to hear any more," Mom said.

"Did you put any antiseptic on it, or any mellsporin cream?"

"I didn't know what to do," Mrs. Baker. "I cleaned it real good and put bandages on them."

"There's more than one?" she asked.

"A few," I said, "But they'll be all right in a day or two."

"Take that shirt off and get into my bathroom."

"MOM," I yelled, I'm not wearing a bra."

"Too bad," she said. "Cover yourself up but get in there. Jennifer, you too."

Jennifer damned near laughed when I peeled my shirt off to leaving my breasts swinging in the breeze so to speak.

We went to her bathroom and she got the medicine box out of the closet.

"Jennifer, I've got a job for you that you'll love. Cover miss modesty's breasts you're your hands so she can raise her arms. Honest to god, you two are going to be the death of me yet."

Jennifer smiled and cupped my breasts but the bitch kept playing with my nipples the whole time and I couldn't make a sound.

"Danni, did you tell her what I said about hurting my girl?"

"She said if you hurt me she'd rip your pretty tits off." I said.

"You told her about my tits?" she yelled.

"Right down to your special spot," I lied. 

"Danni," she yelled. 

"Sorry, she asked and I can't lie to her." I said.

"Liar," Mom said. "I never asked you."

I don't think Mom even realized that the towel had slipped and her hooters were bare.

As we left her room, Jenni covered her mouth to stifle a giggle.

"Stop it," I said, but I was about to lose it too. I hadn't seen my mother's breasts in years and I guess I just didn't remember how beautiful and firm they were. 

"You can drool all you want," I said, "but if you so much as touch one at all, you're ass is mine."

"Danni," she said, "I could never do that. She's like my mother-in-law to be or something like that. Besides, yours are almost as cute." She laughed and ducked away to avoid my fist against her arm.

"Aren't you supposed to be leaving now, you witch."

She ran over to pick up her things, but I knocked her to the couch and kissed her so hard it hurt. "I don't want you to go," I said.

"I know," she said, kissing me, "but you know the rules. Besides, I've got to study for a test. If we're going to be living together any time soon, we've got to be ready to pay the bills. Once I get my degree, we'll be all right, but for now, we've got to watch our money."

"I'll be able to work in about three months," I said, "at least that's what the doctor said." 

"You've got enough to worry about sweetheart. Let me worry about the money. I've got to talk to your mom about that too, but let's wait a week. You just focus on your therapy."

"I love you," I said, trying not to get all teary-eyed.

"I love you so much, Danni. Let's work hard to make your mom proud of us. That's the least we can do after what she's done for us."

She waved a weak good bye on her way out and I dropped onto the recliner. 

"Don't go all sullen on me," Mom said, as she walked into the room. 

"I won't," I said. "I just have to get used to her walking out that door and It's not going to be easy."

"I hope you two got a good laugh out of my accident," she said. "I didn't even know they were hanging out." 

"We didn't laugh," I said, but then I smiled and added. "Not much anyway. You should be proud of those things, Mom. You have beautiful breasts."

"Aren't you the smooth one," she said. 

"I'm not kidding Mom," I said, "they are."

"Whatever," she said," exaggerating the word for effect.

"I really do love her, Mom."

"I know you do, honey. I like her a lot. I like the way she makes you smile."

Lying in bed later, I talked to 'Jennifer The Pillow' until I fell asleep.