 My husband and I often hung out at local alternative bar... The thing we loved most about it was no matter who you were, race, religion, or sexual preference, you were accepted... We met and made many wonderful friends... That's where I met her... She was absolutely gorgeous! I'd seen her there several times, and we'd spoken on occasion, and even though I kept it no secret that I was bi-sexual, I always feared saying too much or scaring her off if I told her about my attraction to her...

One Saturday night at the club while partying pretty hard, I found myself on the dance floor next to her... A lot of small talk... After the song ended, I headed back to my table and sat with my husband and a friend... (They of course probed me for info on what we'd talked about on the dance floor.. *laugh*... They knew how sexually attracted I was to her... ) It wasn't but about 5 minutes later that she walked up and asked if she could join us... Of course we all agreed... As the night went on and more drinks went in, we finally started becoming more open with our conversation... She admitted that she too was bi-sexual and found herself as attracted to me as I was to her... (As it turns out, she'd been attracted to me for months as well, but feared being too forward, just as I was...) Little did I know that that night was the beginning of a very close friendship as well as a wonderful sexual relationship between her and I...

The following weekend, my husband and I decided to have a barbeque and I called to invite her... (She lived a couple towns over, so I invited her to pack an over night bag and just stay here for the night...) The Barbeque was a blast... Good food, drinks and friends were all present... We had a wonderful time all the way up to the moment we said our goodbyes as our last guest left... 

We opened the hide-a-bed for her to sleep on in the living room and I stripped down to my t-shirt and panties to get more comfortable... We sat in the living room watching T.V for a little while before my husband decided he was tired and was gonna head up to bed... 

I had a few drinks in me, and was feeling pretty turned on... (She looked so sexy setting there on the hide-a-bed, leaning against the back of the couch!!) I grabbed every bit of nerve I had in me and got up from the floor where I was setting, and sat on the bed next to her... I laid down, stretched out and pulled her down next to me... We kissed for awhile, and my hand slid across her hard tummy... I leaned down and kissed her stomach, my tongue flicking over her belly button ring as she moaned her approval... I moved back up, but only as far as her neck... I kissed it gently until she begged me for more... I lifted her shirt up over her head, and my hands found her tits, first stroking her nipples through her bra, and then under... She took it off, and I went straight to her nipples, licking, sucking, biting, and kissing them... I slowly slid my hand down to her waist and found her zipper, pulled it down and I slid my hand in her pants, finding her already VERY WET pussy... I touched her this way for awhile, listening to her moan quietly, and then I took off her pants...

I ran my index finger up and down her slit lightly, over her panties... She helped me take off my shirt and underpants... I then started sucking her nipples, as I helped her out of her panties... I slid two fingers in her throbbing pussy... She thrust her hips up to meet my fingers that were fucking her hard... The next thing I knew, I was on my back with her straddling me, she was rubbing her clit up against my pussy... The feeling was incredible!.. I cupped my hands around her ass, and pulled her up so she was straddling my face... Her breathing hardened as I began flicking my tongue all over her pussy lips... I could feel her wetness on my lips as I tongued her throbbing clit... Soon I had her clit between my thumb and forefinger, and started plunging my tongue into her tight pussy... 

She held onto my shoulder with one hand, and started rubbing my clit with the other... She bucked and rocked up against my probing tongue, making little growling sounds in the back of her throat, which made me go faster... She slid a couple fingers into my pussy, and she used her thumb to stroke my clit... (It felt sooooo GOOD!!) I could tell that she was close to cumming... I switched back to fingering her pussy, and licking her clit... Just as the first waves of orgasm hit her, I gently bit into her clit, and she cried out her pleasure just and she came all over my face... She slid back a little and she licked some of her cum off my chin and lips and we kissed for awhile... 

We adjusted our position and were laying with our heads at opposite ends, side by side on the bed... (I loved the smell of her pussy after she came!!) I gently licked her pussy lips from her ass hole up to her clit... She moaned and the vibration of it went strait to my clit, making it jump.... I parted her lips with my fingers and licked up her juices that were already starting to build up again... I inserted two fingers into her hole and finger-fucked her for a couple minutes, then when I could tell she was getting tense and close to cumming again, I attacked her clit with my tongue... It wasn't long before she came again... Her shuddering made my pussy juices flow and soon, I too, was lost in my very own sweet orgasm... It was great! My pussy was contracting and my clit was throbbing like mad!! 

We both wanted to feel "filled" and I immediately headed for the kitchen as I thought of the cucumber salad I made for the barbeque and the extra cucumbers that were left in the bottom crisper drawer of the fridge... I grabbed a long slender one... It reminded me of one of them double headed dildos... This cucumber was perfect for "double-penetration"... 

We sat on the bed facing each other, then lay on our backs with one of our legs in the air... I placed the cucumber against her pussy lips and I scooted closer... She did the same... We slide the long cucumber as far as we could inside ourselves and slowly started gyrating our hips towards each other... It felt fucking awesome, this little nubbed vegetable... We fucked each other like this for quite some time, feeling the cool cucumber inside of us as we met each others thrusts... I licked my finger and rubbed it all over her hard nipples and she did the same to me... Every once in awhile we'd reach between our legs and rub the others clit...

I wanted to "fuck" her, so I asked her to lay spread-eagle on the bed... But I decided I would tease her for a bit first, so I lay down with my face near her pussy and gently blew on her lips... She shivered... Again, her pussy, covered in her own cum, smelled soooo good... I parted her lips with my fingers to see her thick layer of natural lube... I licked it up and then teased her clit with my tongue... I inserted just the tip of my finger into her hole... She tried to push her pussy down farther on my finger, but I pulled back.... I wanted to keep her squirming for a little while longer so that she'd really enjoy the fucking I was about to give her... 

I gently sucked her nipples... I started rubbing the cucumber, still wet with both of our juices, up and down her sweet pussy before I shoved it into her fast and hard... She arched her back and said "Yes! Now fuck me!"... So I did... I fucked her hard and fast... She sounded soooo hot moaning and begging me to keep fucking her because she wanted to cum!! I swore at that moment in time that there was nothing hotter in the world than listening to a gorgeous woman to beg you to fuck her and make her cum!! *smile*... She came hard, so hard she sat straight up, grabbed my neck and buried her face in it and bit down on my shoulder as she clamped her thighs tightly around my hand and the cucumber that was still inside of her... I could feel her pussy twitching as she came against me...

As soon as she calmed down some, she had me sit on the edge of the bed and lay back... She knelt on the floor in front of me (The cucumber was still in her, so she took it with her... *grin*...) She started licking my clit, nibbling it, biting it kinda hard... I wanted to cum again REALLY BAD!! She finger fucked my pussy hard and fast for a few minutes and then went back to just concentrating on my throbbing clit... I knew I was getting really close to cumming and then I felt the cucumber slide between my pussy lips... (which was no longer as cold as it had once been from the heat of her hot pussy that had been holding onto it... *grin*) She rubbed it up and down between my ass and pussy and just as I was getting ready to cum, she slammed the cucumber deep into my pussy and fucked me fast... I begged her to fuck me harder... And the harder and faster she fucked me with that cucumber, the more my body jerked with the intense orgasm I was having... 

She came back up on the bed and laid down beside me and we relaxed for a few minutes as our orgasms subsided... Then it was off to the kitchen for something to drink and a late night snack... A Cucumber salad, perhaps? *smile*...