 ****** Please Read This First *******

I know, I know, I usually don't bother with the disclaimer bits either. Blah, blah, blah, over 18, blah, blah, blah, don't read if easily offended, blah, blah, blah. But, just this once, please bear with me and read this one.

Firstly, this is chapter seven of ten and the story will only make sense if you read it from the start. If you haven't already done so then I sincerely urge you stop and go to chapter one. It will be better that way, honest.

Secondly, this is a work of fiction and all the characters are completely fictional. In particular, one of the main characters is Princess Charlotte who is, according to chapter one, "about tenth in line for the throne". Now, in real life, there can only be one person who holds that position but this story is not real life and it's definitely not about her. 

Princess Charlotte is not a real person and any resemblance is purely coincidental. Before I get carted off to live out what is left of the rest of my life in the Tower Of London, I want to stress that this story is set in a parallel universe where Britain has a very different Royal family with a very different line of succession.

Thirdly, briefly but importantly, my heartfelt thanks to all those who have helped so much. Especial mention must go, as ever, to V and OneWhoAdores for invaluable help along the way.

Fourthly, once again, I fall neatly between the BDSM and Lesbian Love categories. This story centres on a BDSM club and much of the action has a BDSM theme. However, it's a bit short on the whips and chains to really be a BDSM story. On the other hand those looking for a lesbian themed story may well end up complaining, as a critic once did, that my stories always seem to feature a D/s relationship. This one is no exception; its a lesbian love story with BDSM overtones. If this is not what you're looking for stop reading now. That's kinder than voting one star because it wasn't what you were after.

Lastly, this is a story of deception and subterfuge. Most of the characters have at least two names, many three or even four. To help the reader keep track each chapter will start with a dramatis personae. 

The list for this chapter is:-


*Andrea, a journalist, masquerading as Emma Pearson from Paarl, club name Pheme
*Tamsin, another journalist, masquerading as Emma Pearson's sub, club name Alethia
*Angus, Editor of the Daily Sleaze, a London based tabloid newspaper.. 
*Lady Mary, a lady, club name Voluptua. 
*The ladies who lunch


*Georgina McDonald, club name Otrera along with her sub Zoe Fitzwarren, club name Pyrrha
*Hermione Sergeant, club name Chelone, along with her sub Augusta Frogmorton, club name Thalia
*Patience Armitage, club name Artemis, along with her sub Sally McIntosh, club name Hipperia
*Barbara Abercrombie, club name Euthenia, along with her sub, Felicity Ambrose, club name Calliope


*The pony show


*Patience Armitage, club name Artemis, along with her sub Sally McIntosh, club name Hipperia, pony name Foxtrot
*Barbara Abercrombie, club name Euthenia along with her sub Felicity Ambrose, club name Calliope, pony name Strawberry
*Celia Molesworth, club name Arete along with her sub, Elizabeth fforde, club name Aergia, pony name Pepper
*Hermione Sergeant, club name Chelone, along with her sub Augusta Frogmorton, club name Thalia, pony name Freckles





Enjoy the story

*****

"Are these all the photos you got," Angus complained as he looked at the thumbnails attached to Andrea and Tamsin's report, "All I've got here is posh ladies drinking coffee together. I can't hang a story on these. How many bloody times do I have to tell you, we have to have photos, usable photos, photos of the princess with her kit off."

"And when was I supposed to take photos like that!" Andrea complained. "Maybe you can tell me, next time I'm crawling around on the floor buck naked except for a candle stuck up my arse exactly where the fuck am I supposed to hide the camera?"

"Yeah, but you weren't crawling around buck naked all the time, were you? Once you had passed this initiation you were mixing with all and sundry. Why couldn't you have gone back and got the camera then."

"Because, even then, there was no where to hide it. All I had on was the peplos, the one that they provided. It didn't come with handy pockets and, even if it had, I never got the chance to go back to the room to get the camera. It's not easy, this one. We have to be discrete and, under the circumstances, finding places to hide the camera is really difficult. We're not carrying handbags or briefcases so we can't pull the usual tricks we would use if this were a normal set up. That's why the only photos I got were when we met up for coffee this morning. At least they'll help with identifying who was there."

"OK, but remember, next time, I want usable photos, not excuses," Angus grunted and, for the moment, that seemed to be the end of the matter. He flicked back and forth a couple of times more before putting down the file.

"So, no Princess Charlotte? I don't see any mention of her. Do I gather she didn't put in an appearance?" 

"No, I kept my eyes open for her but I'm sure she wasn't there," Andrea replied

"I'm not convinced she's that keen a participant," Tamsin commented.

"Oh, and what makes you say that? Your report suggests she was pretty keen last time."

"Yeah, I didn't get any reluctance," Andrea added.

"It's just a feeling I got."

"Don't give me that 'woman's intuition' bollocks. Did she actually say anything to you to suggest she was less than keen?"

"No, no, she didn't," Tamsin confessed.

"Well, there you go then. Just because she wasn't there last night doesn't mean she won't be there at the next one. You two are just going to have to keep on getting yourselves invited to these parties until she turns up and you finally get some usable photos. Talking of which, what have you got lined up?"

"Well, there's the Scottish trip but that's not for a day or two."

"Day or two! It's not until Friday week. I can't have you waiting around that long."

"You're pretty much going to have to," Tamsin said rather more forcefully than she intended.

"And why is that?"

"Because of mother nature."

"What the hell do you mean? Why is it always problems with you two?" Angus asked with a sigh.

"Because, to put it bluntly, there are certain times of the month when playing sex games isn't an option, whether I want to or not."

"You mean you're on the blob. Well, why didn't you just say so without being all coy about it? So, if you can't get involved what are you two going to do to justify your wages until such time as you can?"

"We've got plenty of new faces to try and track down. Those photos will come in handy but, even then, it will take a while to put names to them all."

"I suppose so," Angus said reluctantly. "We've nothing else booked for the flat in the interim so I suppose you can keep on using it. But, while you're there, why don't you see if you can get some of the others to come round for tea, get you more ingratiated into the group, sort of thing. The flat is fully wired for sound and video so there should be no problems there."

"Wired for sound and video?" Tamsin asked, horrified.

"Of course it is. How else do you think we get our big exposes? Lure them in, get them relaxed and film them with their pants down. That's how it works."

"Have you been... have you been...," Tamsin simply couldn't get the words out.

"Have I been spying on you? Is that what's got your knickers in a twist. No. The recording equipment is in the cupboard by the front door and doesn't yet have links out to the office. I suggest you get up to speed with it. Give nuts and bolts a call if you can't manage."

"I'm sure we'll be able to work it out," Andrea cut in.

"Make sure you do. Then, invite a few of your new friends round for tea, start a bit of hanky-panky and Bob's your uncle."

"I thought I said that..."

"Yeah, I got it, you're on the blob. Doesn't stop you wearing that maid's outfit I coughed up so much money for, does it? What's more, being on the blob doesn't stop you rug munching or whatever it is your lot get up to."

Tamsin kept her silence, just. She bit her lip and pushed her anger back down. It was better to do that that to get entangled with Angus who was, when all was said and done, her boss. 

"Right then, off you go, girlies, and I want a report on my desk tomorrow outlining which of the club members you've identified from those photos and which of those you have invited back to the flat."

Smarting somewhat at being called 'girlies' along with everything else, Andrea and Tamsin left to make their way into town. 

"So, got any thoughts on who you're going to call?" Tamsin asked as they sat together on the tube.

"I've not that many options," Andrea replied. "Lady Mary is an obvious one. Apart from that I need to contact Otrera and I still have Euthenia's number from the puppy show thing."

"Oh, god, if we invite Lady Mary she'll be here in a shot. That woman seriously can't keep her hands to herself."

"But you've got the painters in."

"Do you think that will stop her? Mind you, the others aren't that much better. If Angus knew the real cost of this story...."

"If you think that would make any difference you must be talking about another Angus from the one that I work for," Andrea laughed. "He doesn't care what it takes to get a story as long as he gets one."

"With photos," they chorused and, for once, they laughed together.

When they got to the flat they went to the kitchen and settled down to work. Tamsin went on line to start trying to track down the other attendees at the party. Andrea got out her phone, put it in speaker mode, and started dialling.

"Lady Mary," Andrea said once she had got through. "I'm just calling to thank you for the absolutely super time I had at your soiree. It means so much that you've made me so welcome."

"Oh, you're more than welcome," Lady Mary replied. "I've had quite a few comments from the others about how refreshing it is to have a new goddess. And, as for that pretty little maid of yours, she was quite the hit of the party. Chelone, in particular, was most keen that you should attend our next get together."

"Actually, that brings me to a point I wanted to mention. I don't want to be pushy or unseemly but, if you'd like to pass the word around that, if any of the girls are up in town for any reason, then we would love to see them. There's no need to wait for club meetings, my door is always open. Please feel free to pass my mobile number around and, of course, that applies especially to you. You've made me feel so welcome. I am so eternally grateful."

"Not at all, not at all," Lady Mary replied. "Now, one moment, let me check my diary.... Yes, I thought so, I'll be up in town on Thursday. Maybe I could stop by for afternoon tea?"

"That would be delightful. I look forward to seeing you," and, with that, the chat turned to other things.

With that phone call out of the way Andrea gave Euthenia a call.

"Emma, darling, or maybe I should call you Pheme nowadays," Euthenia gushed. "So good of you to call. Wasn't that a simply splendid do last night? Lady Mary surely knows how to put on a show and I thought you were superb. Welcome to the club."

"So kind of you to say so," Andrea replied. "I was just phoning to say...."

"When's the next meet?" Euthenia cut across her. "Well, there's nothing formal for a while and I gather that you've been invited to bonny Scotland for Otrera's little get together but, in the meanwhile, we girls must do what we can. I've been chatting to Artemis, telling her all about the puppy show, and she was most insistent that we should all get together for some pony play."

"I'd love to but..., look, I won't beat about the bush, it's the wrong time of the month for my maid and I'm due on in a day or two."

"Not a problem, not a problem," Euthenia responded. "After all, we're all girls together so we do understand. Come along anyway and you can join in as much as you want, or not as the case might be. It's all up to you. How about we go for the day after tomorrow, does that work for you? And, as for that delightful little maid of yours, well, there's always a need for grooms where ponies are involved and it doesn't put that clever little tongue of hers out of action. Why don't I give Artemis a bell and then call you back later. How does that sound."

"That's... that's fine," Andrea replied, somewhat taken aback at the way Euthenia had taken over the conversation. 

"Super, absolutely super. I'll call you back in an hour or so," and the phone went dead.

"Well that was something else," Andrea commented.

"I wonder what's involved in being a groom. Pound to a penny it will end up with me getting my backside flogged," Tamsin commented. "What's more you can bet your bottom dollar the cow is going to want me to go down on her. She's as bad as Lady Mary."

"Hmm, pony play. I guess that means jodhpurs for me at least. I wonder where we get those from."

"More clothes shopping?" Tamsin laughed. 

"Might as well make the most of it. Now, that just leaves Otrera to call and we can face Angus with a clear conscience."

Andrea looked up the number and punched it into her phone. It rang a couple of times and then was picked up.

"Good morning, can I help you?" Otrera's voice gave the distinct impression that giving help was the last thing on her mind.

"Otrera, it's Pheme, from Lady Mary's do last night."

"Emma, my dear, how super to hear from you. Look, don't tell Lady Mary but I really can't be doing with all that cloak and dagger, masks and Greek name nonsense. I mean, it's her club, her rules and all that and I wouldn't dream of rocking the boat when it's a full meeting but when it's just us girls together I think we can dispense with all that twaddle, don't you?"

"Well, I wouldn't like to offend anyone...," Andrea started.

"Nor would I, nor would I, but, seeing as you're going to be a guest at my house it seems a little daft that you're not allowed to know my name. I'm Georgina McDonald," Otrera, or rather Georgina, laughed. "Now, what can I do for you?"

"I'm just working on my diary and, as it was all a little rushed yesterday, I'd like to firm up my commitments for the Scottish weekend. It looks like quite a drive, all the way up there."

"That's part of the beauty of the place, it is a long way but that just makes it far from the madding crowd and all that. Acres and acres of private land and the only thing that will disturb you is the grouse. We can have lots of fun and games without having to worry about privacy. But, for heaven's sake, don't drive. It's far too far. Your best bet is to fly. I've talked to Fiona. She will be flying up in her little plane and be delighted to give you a lift."

"Fiona?" Andrea queried.

"Fiona Bradshawe. You probably know her as Megaera. I gather you met the other night."

"Of course. These Greek names are a bit confusing, aren't they?"

"So I keep telling Lady Mary but you know what she's like. Anyway, Fiona parks her plane up at Northolt and she'll said just to arrive for eleven o'clock. She'll notify security to let you in. She did ask me to tell you not to bring too much luggage. That's the thing.

"Talking of luggage, what's the dress code?"

"We're pretty informal. On the Friday night we all dine together without any role play so smart casual for that. On the Saturday there's the game so pretty much what you would wear for a day out on the moors. Then in the evening, well, I don't want to give too much away, but um... something in leather, maybe? Sunday, well, I hope you'll stay for lunch but that's very relaxed and anything goes."

"That sounds fine. I'm agog to find out exactly what this game involves but I guess I'll have to wait."

"You will indeed. Look, I'd love to chat but I've got things to do, people to see. Can we leave it that I'll get in touch with Fiona to confirm that you'll be travelling with her and, other than that, I'll see you a week on Friday."

"Certainly, I'm really looking forward to it."

And then it was back to trying to identify those who had been at the meeting. This time they had far more to work on. Firstly they had some more real names, Fiona Bradshawe and Georgina McDonald, which reduced the detective work considerably. Secondly, the photos that Andrea had taken during morning coffee at Lady Mary's were without masks and that would also help. The list of those involved was growing considerably and, the more they unravelled, the more it became apparent that the majority of the Sisterhood were, at least nominally, married and, in a couple of cases, parents. Whereas Lady Mary and Popsy, as well as Artemis and Hipperia were 'companions' this was far from the norm for most of the couples.

"We're going to rock quite a few boats," Tamsin commented to Andrea as she finished typing up yet another file. "We could wreck quite a few marriages when we expose this lot."

"And your point is? Anyway, why should we worry? They did the deed, they deserve the payback. What's more, from what little I know of men, when they find out their wives are involved in lesbian orgies their only complaint will be that they weren't invited along to watch."

But, for all that she wasn't going to argue, Tamsin was less and less convinced by this argument. These were real people, real lives.

The next day they were still hard at it when Andrea's mobile rang. Andrea didn't recognise the number so she was cautious when she answered it.

"Hello, Emma Pearson, how can I help you?"

"Emma darling, so glad I caught you. It's Georgina here. Hermione Sergeant has a table booked for lunch at the Ivy. We'd love it if you could come down and join us."

"That's... that's very kind of you," Andrea replied. "Err... is this an invite for one or for two?"

"Oh, the two of you. This is just a girly lunch do. Nothing to get dressed up for. We're booked in for one o'clock. Can you make that?"

"I'm sure I can. I... We'd be delighted to join you."

"Perfect, see you at one."

"I'm really looking forward to it," and, with that, the call was over.

"Lunch at the Ivy, this is the life," Andrea told Tamsin gleefully. "Just wait until I tell Angus."

The taxi dropped them off in West Street just after one o'clock and they went in and asked for Hermione Sergeant's table. On Andrea's insistence they were both wearing new outfits that they had purchased on the way there. She had pointed out, with some emphasis, they couldn't turn up in the clothes they had been seen in before and they had nothing else suitable. If they were to fit in and mingle with this crowd then they would have to have the wardrobe to match. When they got there they found that although Hermione Sergeant may have booked the table it was Georgina who was acting as hostess and, with a certain amount of light hearted joshing about being unmasked, she did the introductions and made sure that they knew everyone. 

'Far more than you think,' Tamsin thought to herself. There wasn't a person around the table who she hadn't studied, hadn't read up upon. It was also slightly bizarre to consider how many had used her sexually. Across the table Augusta Frogmorton was chatting gaily to Georgina. The last time she had seen Augusta it had been as Thalia and she had been 'riding the statue' with a level of abandon that decried the fact that she was being 'punished'.

Tamsin tried to keep her head down and stay in the background. On the other hand Andrea was, as ever, being queen of the ball and playing Emma Pearson to the hilt. Because Tamsin wasn't actress enough to hide her London accent they had worked out a back story for an English Susan Ward but it wasn't anything like as detailed as that for Emma Pearson and Tamsin was reluctant to use it unless necessary. However, she couldn't stay silent forever. She was sat between Zoe Fitzwarren, who she had met as Pyrrha subbing to Otrera and Barbara Abercrombie, who she had first met as Euthenia. It was Barbara who turned to her first.
