 As Ruby sat back on the cushioned seat in the club, she took a puff from her cigar and watched the dancers around her. The music was so loud she felt the bass in her chest. The dimmed out lights set the mood for the sexy dances being performed around her. Women of all sizes and shapes wiggled and jiggled their bodies for their audiences. Each trying to entice a man into slipping another bill into a bra or thong string.

Ruby watched a redheaded young stripper to the rear left corner of the club. She was quite young compared to the others, her body was on the slim side and she had amazing green eyes. Ruby watched her belly dance and shake her ass in a few guys' faces. Her breathing was even. The dancing never excited her. It was the wait that made her blood pump faster. As the redhead danced around the small stage, she teased with the strings of her red bikini top. Ruby caught sight of a few more centimeters of breast, but nothing else. She puffed her cigar some more. Maybe this one will do for tonight.

As Ruby shifted in her seat, her top shifted with her. Her full DD breasts almost spilled out of her halter top. Her tight, dark wash skinny jeans slipped down a bit from her large ass and showed off the black strings of her thong.

"Hey baby, can I refresh your drink?" A dark skinned young man in a button down shirt smiled seductively. Ruby glanced over at him with bored eyes. He was well built. His large arm muscles strained just the right amount through the material of his shirt. He was maybe 6 '3, and his teeth were perfectly white. He made sure to flash his dimples as he smiled down at her. He stole quick glances down her shirt.

"I'm fine thanks. I'll holler if I need anything." Ruby addressed him without another glance. She turned in her seat to better watch the redheaded dancer. She flipped her black hair over her shoulder and leaned forward and away from her admirer. The young man was struck dumb for a minute. Clearly he was not used to being rejected. He was handsome enough but just not Ruby's type. As he walked away muttering under his breath, Ruby watched her target carefully. 

The dancer shimmied down the pole. She did a few tricks, earning herself more cash from several men. She had untied the strings that kept her bikini around her middle. It moved with her body. Her breasts almost completely exposed, but her nipples remained covered. Ruby felt the beginnings of arousal in her panties. This girl was most definitely different, and she danced well. But in her face Ruby could see some innocence. Stripper was probably not her dream title. This intrigued her even more. What was this girl's story?

As the redhead did yet another trick on the pole, she flipped upside down and slid down with only the stength of her long legs. This move finally removed the bikini from her breasts and exposed her lovely pink nipples.

"Ahh." Ruby sighed. This was the one, for sure. But how to get her alone upstairs? She didn't seem like the regular slut. Maybe a conversation over a lap dance would make her let her guard down. There could be no danger from a friendly woman in this sea of drooling men. Ruby began to look forward to this possibility. The things she could do to her. And this would be her first redhead. What a treat. 

As she watched, a waitress brought Ruby another drink. Her usual rum and coke flooded her throat as she took a long draft. The large rings on her fingers clicked against her glass. The waitress asked Ruby a couple of questions about her bill, distracting her completely. After she was able to focus on the stage again, she realized she lost track of her girl. She probably only went to change before coming out on the floor. At least, that's what Ruby hoped. 

Just as she was beginning to lose hope there was a tap on her shoulder. Ruby turned with a bored expression ready for the next male admirer she would turn down, only to be shocked by her redhead's dazzling smile.

"Hi, I'm Candy. I hope I'm not bothering you, I just thought you looked familiar. Aren't you that woman who won the lottery a while back? It was like 300 million dollars or something like that."

As she spoke, Ruby recovered herself enough to take in the girl's appearance. She really was pretty, in a simple way. She had dimples when she smiled. Her smile was very warm and friendly. Ruby was caught off guard by a warming feeling in her chest. What the fuck was that?

"Ah, yes that's me. I can't believe people still remember. It's been a few years. I'm Ruby by the way." She offered the girl her hand, which Candy shook eagerly. She felt as if she were meeting a sort of celebrity. What a night!

"I'm just always watching the News. Your story popped up alot that year. There were updates on your life and travels. Can I interest you in a dance? I'm not really supposed to be just standing around. We could talk some more..." Candy looked hopefully at Ruby. This was the perfect set up. It felt too good to be true.

"Sure, that sounds good. Is there anywhere private we can go? I'm not sure I'm comfortable doing it in public." Ruby smiled shyly at the girl. She chuckled inwardly. What Candy would soon find out is that Ruby was far from shy, and loved doing everything with an audience. 

"I can take you to one of our rooms, upstairs? They are strictly VIP. The cost is a little much, but I'm sure you can handle it." Candy added with a chuckle. She wasn't usually a gold digger, but with Ruby she saw dollar signs. If she could only befriend her, she would be set for a while. A little ass-kissing couldn't hurt.

"That sounds perfect." Ruby smiled excitedly and rose from her seat. At the bar, her bodyguard Tonio rose as well. He sat down again at Ruby's quick glare and the shake of her head. She needed to be with Candy all alone.

As the cute redhead lead the way upstairs, Ruby studied her from her position behind her. She had to admit, Candy had a great ass. Not too big, not too small. Just the right amount of jiggle as she walked. Ruby stopped herself from grabbing at the juicy ass swaying in front of her. She was pleased when the crowd thickened around them, and Candy reached for her hand. They walked hand in hand until they reached a door on the second floor.

"Ok Ruby, this is the VIP floor. These rooms are a flat rate of $100 for an hour, and then the price increases depending on how long you stay. There are no rules here, or cameras. The bouncers stay out as well. No one will bother us here. Or know that we are really just having some fun girl talk!" She giggled as she turned to unlock a door with the key she had hanging from her small wrist. Ruby hadn't noticed the key before. It was dangling from a stretchy rubber bracelet.

As Candy opened the door, the smell of cleaning solution and cheap air freshener assaulted her nose. She hated the smell of cheap arousal deodorizer, but was too excited to really focus on it. Candy allowed her to walk into the room and then locked the door behind them. She was hopeful that if no one bothered them, she could talk Ruby up until the time just flew by and she had enough drinks that she wouldn't care what her bill came to.

The room itself was fairly big. There were chairs all around a big leather couch which sat in the middle of the back wall. There was a cheap living room rug on the floor before the couch, and the room was dimly lit as there were only lamps draped with red shades in the corners. The decor was all black and red and set to evoke erotic thoughts. Ruby loved it. She could not have picked a more perfect setting for her plan.

"So how about that dance? Or do you just want to talk? There are water bottles on the table in the corner, or we could have some drinks brought up. What would you like?" Candy looked at Ruby expectantly as she dragged a chair to the center of the room. She gestured for Ruby to take a seat with her hand.

"I think a dance would be great. We have time to talk." Ruby became excited as Candy began to walk toward her. There was a cute yet seductive smile on her face.

Candy walked up to the chair and put a hand on each of Ruby's knees. She slowly opened them as she smiled into her face. The spot where Candy touched her was on fire immediately. Candy got on her knees and rubbed her firm breasts into Ruby's crotch. Coming from low down near the floor and thrusting slowly up and forward. The pink tube top she wore over her dark purple bikini top began to shift and fall down with each thrust.

Ruby was silent and stone faced as she watched Candy dance. She had never felt so aroused by a dancer in her life, and this wasn't by far her first lapdance. She began to breathe a little faster at the sight and feel of such delicious breasts on her twat. She would be soaking wet in no time.

As she thrust for a last time Candy stood up. She began to dance in place and rub her body as she stood right between Ruby's legs. Ruby could smell the lovely sweet perfume coming from her dancer. There was a little hint of sweat mixed in, but that just made it all the more arousing to Ruby.

Candy swayed her hips and rubbed her breasts. She rolled her body and spun slowly in a circle to give Ruby a good view. She closed her eyes and got into her dance, a look of pleasure on her face.

"Wow you're really good at this. How long have you been a dancer?" Ruby began to ask questions to start up a friendly conversation. She needed to build some trust if this girl was going to loosen up. As she finished her thought, Candy began to lower the tube top over her round hips while rolling them. Ruby forgot how to breathe for a few seconds.

"I've only been dancing for a little bit, thanks! Maybe 4 months. I still get shy sometimes. But this job pays my tuition. And my rent. I've gotten a little confortable." she smiled down at Ruby as she pushed her chest into her face. Ruby fought the urge to slip her tongue out and sample the meaty tit on her cheek. This game was beginning to arouse her incredibly.

Candy took a seat on Ruby's lap facing the door. She ground her thong clad ass into Ruby's crotch and upper thighs. The feeling was so good it made Ruby close her eyes. Her own panties were already wet. Candy leaned back and rubbed herself onto Ruby. The redhead's back massaged Ruby's chest while she leaned her head on her shoulder. The view from this angle was amazing. Ruby noticed the cute belly ring on Candy's tummy glittering. 

"Aww... that's so cute!" Ruby said as she smiled and reached up to touch the little metal hook. Candy tensed for a split second, but then relaxed back again. Ruby laughed in her head. This girl was just too innocent. She sensed no threat. 

"Thank you. I bought it at the mall last week. I have alot of different types. Is your belly pierced too?" Candy asked the last question as she got up off of Ruby and swayed her body again. She lifted her leg and placed her high heeled shoe on the back of the chair near Ruby's head. She began to hump and grind at the chair. 

Ruby nearly moaned. The sight of Candy moving so sensually was hot. She got a good view of her toned thighs and her legs looked a mile long. Ruby saw the lips of a pretty pussy peaking out of Candy's thong and bit her lip. She answered with a shaky voice.

"Yes actually, I am pierced. I have a few tattoos as well. You don't seem to have any ink. Not that you need any, your body is perfect."

Candy began to take off her top slowly and threw it to the floor a few feet away. Out bounced two of the most perfect creamy white orbs Ruby could imagine. Her eyes never left them as Candy walked back over to the chair. She began to straddle her client and rub her chest into Ruby's own breasts and face.

"Oh no! No tattoos. I'm way too chicken for that. And I hate needles so much that I'd probably faint. I got this while I was wasted one night. There was a time in high school where I thought about it, but I could never really settle on anything meaningful enough."

As Candy spoke, she rubbed her luscious tits into the halter Ruby wore. She felt when Ruby touched her side, sliding her hand up her ribs. But soon the hand was gone and on her own chest. Ruby untied her halter from behind her neck. She let the top fall and it quickly released her large breasts which wobbled out into plain view. 

"I have several small tattooes. I love to get inked. Look at this rose. The guy who did this was a medical student that just quit school one day and began to practice with a gun. His parents disowned him. But isn't he amazing?"

Candy was shocked by Ruby's sudden nakedness. She never expected her to be so bold. Ruby had beautiful breasts, and Candy admired them. Her dark brown nipples were hard and perfectly centered, though she could tell she was all natural. Maybe she was just being friendly. After all, they were two girls and had all the same parts. No need to be shy or worry about it. The tattoo between Ruby's large breasts was gorgeous. It had so much detail that Candy wondered how this was done with something so terrifying as a tattoo gun. The flower looked almost three dimensional and seemed to burst from Ruby's chest. Before she knew it she was leaning in close to examine it. Bringing her nipples so close to Ruby's that they nearly touched.

"Wow that is gorgeous! He's a great artist. That flower looks very real. I'm sure it cost a fortune. He must be doing so well for himself." Candy replied as she took in all the small lines and shades that made up the rose.

"Oh yea it does seem to pop. But that's cause it literally does. Well, the ink makes the skin lift up a bit. Feel it, you can feel all the small details." Ruby then took hold of Candy's small hand and placed it between her large chest on her tattoo. She shifted a bit and her melons wobbled around Candy's wrist. Candy inhaled at the feel of Ruby's skin. It was so soft and warm and, nothing like touching the men she normally danced for. Ruby was sexy and kind. She seemed genuinely interested in knowing her and hearing what she had to say. Candy stroked the tattoo and felt the curved lines of it. It was smooth and warm there between those huge orbs and without meaning to Candy began to get wet. Ruby was a fine woman and very beautiful. Being her friend would be perfect and would lift Candy's status sky high. She would just deal with her touchy ways.

Ruby felt her panties sticking to her hot cunt as she shifted again in her seat. The chair under her was beginning to feel too hard. She liked the way Candy was sitting however and gasped as her movement brought their nipples into contact and Candy sat pressing her chest lightly into Ruby.

The mood in the room changed immediately. Candy's smile fell as a new energy sprouted up between the two beautiful women. There was a magnet in Ruby's lips and Candy felt the odd urge to kiss their fullness. But how would Ruby react? She felt her nipples rubbing Ruby's lightly as they both breathed a little faster and before she knew it they were kissing passionately. Candy savored the feel of such smooth pillowy lips on her mouth.

It was as if a bomb went off in Candy's body as she was immediately hot all over. Ruby was an amazing kisser, and so soft to touch. There was a definite difference to kissing a woman and she loved it. The redhead had her arms around Ruby's neck before she knew it. The feel of her silky hair was wonderful. The kiss was sensual and arousing as their tongues played together delicately. Neither overpowering the other as they explored the other girls hot mouth. 

Ruby moaned into Candy's mouth. Kissing her was even better than she had imagined. Her delicate face was so pretty and Ruby was dripping wet. She ran her hands up and down the dancer's sides and then cupped her firm breasts. They were so juicy and warm. Their weight was heavenly in her hands. She began to roll Candy's nipples in her fingers and enjoyed the sounds the other girl made. She pressed her chest into Ruby's delicate yet firm hands and welcomed the sensations coming from her nipples. Ruby pinched one pink erect nub and Candy gasped loudly.

"Ruby! I'm sorry I got carried away... I shouldn't have..." Candy pulled away quickly. She hadn't been thinking about what she was doing. She was flushed. There was a sheen of sweat on her face and her voice was shaky. That was the hottest kiss she'd ever had. Who knew it would be with a woman!

"Oh no baby. It was so right. Don't think." she held onto Candy's waist and kissed the girl forcefully. She loved the feeling of how unsure she was. Candy could not fight Ruby's agile tongue and moaned again softly. Ruby began to move her hands more freely around the redhead's lean body. She explored her smooth curves and dips while Candy whimpered softly. When she found her pussy with her fingers and rubbed in circles, Candy squealed and jumped up.

"Ruby. You've had some drinks. I know this dance thing is new to you, but I'm not... I'm not really into this. Let's go back to the floor and I'll get you another one on the house." she smiled but it didn't touch her eyes. Candy was nervous. She didn't want to continue, but she didn't want to offend her new friend. She had never been put in this situation before. She was so confused by her thoughts and the reaction her body was having. She was extremely aware of the wetness between her legs. Kissing Ruby had started her heart pounding a mile a minute and her face flushed pink.

"Candy, I know you like me. Everything your body is doing is telling me that you love what I'm doing to you. Don't fight it." Ruby then kissed the girl forcefully again. She used her tongue to elicit sweet moans from her dancer as she rubbed her cunt through the thin lace thong. Candy couldn't fight the feelings brought on by her skilled fingers. Ruby smelled so sweet and fresh that Candy found herself even more aroused.

Before she knew it Ruby had her hand firmly attached to the back of Candy's head. Her fingers gripped the hair there and pulled gently. Then with one swift movement Ruby pulled Candy up my her hair and over to the couch. She slapped the redheads ass sharply, and Candy yelped. The music from below still thumped through the floor. No one would be interrupting them. Ruby threw the girl onto the couch by her hair and stood over her smiling. Candy looked frightened , her green eyes popping and mouth open as she landed hard.

"What are you doing Ruby?" Candy asked loudly. She knew better than to think anyone would come in the room with a client present. But she hoped maybe someone would hear her distress and intervene. Ruby got onto her knees and roughly yanked at the thong until it was down around Candy's ankles. She took off the heels she wore and the thong and threw them across the room.

"I'm going to fuck you, sexy. I've never met a bitch as hot as you before. Mmm... You make me so wet." As she spoke she reached into her jeans and rubbed her swollen clit. The sight before her was delicious. There sat Candy. Hair messy, face screwed up in fear, naked as can be. Ruby leaned in and opened Candy's legs.

Her pussy was gorgeous. The redhead was shaven clean and her pussy was the brightest pink. The lips were swollen and glistened in the low light. Ruby could see Candy's clit at the top of her tight looking cunt and licked at it. The feeling of her hot wet tongue against such a private spot made Candy moan. It did feel amazing, even if she was terrified. Though the two women were about the same size, Ruby looked so dark and dangerous that Candy was too afraid fight ghat much. Little shocks ran up her body as Ruby licked her. 

"Uh Ruby please. Ah! My God dont.. Uhhh" Candy wiggled and squirmed as Ruby licked and sucked her juicy pussy. Her breasts jiggled and wobbled as she fought and jumped at the other woman's skilled work. The sensation was fire and ice all at once. What was this woman doing to her body? She loved it and was frightened at the same time.
