 I first saw Rylee in Harrogate, Yorkshire, we were both attending the annual meeting of our Professional Nursing Organization and were, quite separately, viewing the Sales Exhibition. Quite obviously of West Indies origin, this woman captured my attention like an electromagnet, so stunningly beautiful I harboured an instant need to feel myself naked against this dark Mona Lisa! I could not help but follow her around for a short while. I didn't want to follow for long as I didn't want my presence to become invasive and therefore obvious. I picked up way too many product brochures and samples and had to leave, not only because I had followed far too long but the weight of my samples had become quite excessive and I was relieved when I came across a litter bin in which to dump all this "Stuff!" Phew, 

Later I came to learn that her name was Rylee, and that she hailed from Barbados. Her soft skin browned to a bronzie glow which was just beautiful, with a face that simply exuded an enrapturing smile. Her eyes were such a dark brown that in some lights they almost appeared black, and the way in which she made them up, it was a though they were pools deftly ensnaring you, drawing you, ensnaring you like a skilled fly fisherman smoothly casting a line and capturing any object of her desire.

All this facial beauty poised above a svelte neck that cried out to be kissed and sensually feasted upon; a neck, a body, an image that within a crowded room overwhelmingly set her apart. Her poised composure, her shape, her personality all came together in a form of exquisite feminine beauty. Her breasts bloomed above an abdomen displaying a waistline curvature that could only have been created by Michael Angelo, a curve that as it descended swept backward into a line that swept downward in a perfectly symmetrical arc prescribing a perfectly formed arse more magnetic to the eye than I have ever before experienced, a line which then glided any observer down to admire legs so perfectly, so beautifully formed and so perfectly balanced on a pair of snake skin, high heel shoes in which she would walk with a light grace. Damn if I tried those, I'd be flat on my arse in no time!

Accompanied by that radiant smile, this amazing beauty held a presence of accomplished confidence, a look which caused the word unique to flash through my mind, but a word that somehow seemed inadequate to appropriately describe this astonishing image of perfect Sapphic beauty. A beauty who as she moved through the exhibition hall caused eyes to follow her every movement, mine own included as I surreptitiously followed her to a point well beyond that of which I ought. As I stood at an exhibit adjacent to whichever she was visiting I came to find that this Black Mona Lisa could readily hold her own in any conversation, she was an accomplished professional and her obvious knowledge was accompanied by an outstanding and outgoing personality which complimented her bright, effusive and intelligent mind. This amazing beauty was not only smart, she just leaked sexuality, so for me, finding her, that same evening, sitting beside me at the bar of a lesbian club, her presence gave me the surprise of my life, and left me reeling in thought, my mind spinning with a need to open a conversation, but how?

Beating me to the punch, her voice suddenly ricocheted through my mind:

"Hi, I'm Rylee and you are?"

"Hello, I'm Aimie. Rylee; now there's a name I have never come across before, it's really nice and seems to just fit on you!"

Rylee laughed: 

"It's a family name which had not been used for a couple of generations until my Dad reincarnated it, and yes, I happen to like it."

Without a pause she went on: "Your glass is empty, what are you drinking?"

"Malt Scotch with a splash; thank you"

"A Splash?"

I smiled: 

"Yes, just a splash of water in the Scotch."

"I see, well here goes, 'a splash' OK!"

As she ordered the drinks from the sensually clad, bow-tied Bar-girl, the innuendo of her tone as she said 'Splash' did not go unnoticed, and as she gave me my drink I responded with one of my own:

"Mm, a nice 'SPLASH' can make all the difference in the right situation..."

It was a response which brought a smile to her face as she responded:

"Yes, I'm sure it can; as you say; in the right situation."

As we sipped our drinks our eyes contacted as we looked over the rim of our glasses. They were looks that said everything. Placing my glass on the bar, I looked toward her and slowly wiped the left corner of my mouth with my right middle finger whilst evocatively running my tongue along the inside of my upper lip. The ball, I signaled, is now in your court. 

"Dance?" 

She inquired as a slow rhythm came from the DJ.

"Mm, yes, love to."

As we mingled into the ever increasing crowd of seductive women now filling the floor, our bodies came easily together. Breasts met breasts as we each wrapped our arms around the other. Heads lent easily onto shoulders only to slowly move into the alcove of the others neck, soft lips each delivering a slow, enticing kiss, each dwelling in that arena of bodily contact unquestionably sending the unspoken signal; the mutual message of: 

"Yes; I want you!" 

In time with the music, hands began to wonder over the other in sexually charged feelings of exploration! Who was going to voice the invite first; who was going to break away from the sensual writhing of our bodies gliding together in that dance of mutually exquisite seduction; each demanding the other to make the first move! Hands continued to touch and squeeze which ever area they were in. Finger nails glided across the arse of the other then continued their journey and unspoken invitation up the sides of curved waistlines until they contacted and momentarily paused against the edges of the others breasts as we now dared to push our mounds closer each writhing against the other, each transferring to the other the sensations of sapphic need. Heat which we both knew only comes with the increasing wet wantonness of desire, and yes; lust. As our dance progressed we were each feeling the ever increasing hardening of the others nipples, causing us to dance with ever increasing closeness. Each engendered by the ever increasing audacity of the other to openly kiss necks and ears and eyes until; as the music knowingly came to its final phrases of melody, finally, we kissed. Oblivious to those around us we kissed with wanton open mouthed passion, relishing not only in the feel of the other, but also in the taste of our combined tongues and saliva. As the music stopped the unspoken challenge had been voiced:

"How about we get out of here?"

It was Rylee who had broken first; I gloried in my self-appointed victory as I responded:

"Your Hotel or mine and only if you're going to make love to me?" 

Rylee, pulled me sharply toward her, looked deep into my eyes and in her quiet, yet unequivocal West Indian accent, stated:"

"Make love to you? Aimie honey, I'm going fuck you till you drop... Mine... Now!"

Finishing our drinks in a single gulp, we entwined our arms and sauntered out to the Door-lady. 

Door-lady! Oh no this masculine dyke was more bouncer than the former for which she was attired. Rylee slipped her a fiver, the dyke turned, whistled, and a Taxi immediately came to a stop at our feet. Door-lady opened the Taxi door for us and we left for adventures yet to be discovered. 

Some would say one body is the same as any other, they of course would be wrong. Yes all the parts are there but it is how they are put together, and how they are utilised and displayed that makes all the difference. Believe me, on Rylee their display was worthy of the world's most gorgeous models, and in the hours that were to follow this woman and I came to epitomise the meaning of sensory sexual union. 

As we got into the Lift, anticipating a bit of a snog on the way up to her floor, we were frustrated by an elderly couple who got on and were going to a floor above us. Polite hellos were followed by a quiet still as we ascended to an arena which we knew was going to produce a night to remember! Alighting the lift Rylee took my hand and our fingers entwined. Without a word being said we cheerfully sauntered to the corridors end and Rylee opened the door to our theatre of love. 

As the door closed behind me Rylee stood in front of me looking me up and down as though we had just met. 

"Woman you are gorgeous" 

This said she moved toward me, pushing my back to the door and kissing me with the softest lips I have ever encountered. If you have never been kissed by the lips of a truly beautiful bronzed woman from the West Indies, then you have never really been kissed! For many minutes we stood there relishing in the sensuality of the kiss. Each of us deftly exploring the others face in soft languid kisses, each of us feeling the rising passion of loving desire but neither of us in any need of rushing between the sheets that awaited us. Dear reader, such is the example of maturity and experience, we knew we had the time to enjoy the research of the other, that there was no rush to get to the goodies and the rising rushes of lusting desire that were to later come... 

Or 'cum' as to which is your preference toward making love. To Rylee and I we knew both phrases were to be fulfilled.

"Wine?"

"Mm!"

"Red or white?"

With a teasing smile I mused: 

"Black!"

"Girl I love the way you think! So Red for an Appetizer, and Black for the Entree, how does that sound?"

"Awesome!"

Rylee served the wine and then put on a CD, it was the same music we had danced to at the club... "Dance with me."

Glasses in hand we once again moved our bodies together in a close embrace, the wine giving our kisses an extension to the others exquisite taste. After a few moments Rylee stopped, took my glass and placed both on the dresser before once again enveloping me into the sexual writhing of dance we had earlier mutually composed, but this time there was the delightful addition of my dress being slowly unzipped. The game was in play and we danced rhythmically together; my dress fell to floor and I stepped out it, kicking it to one side... 

Continuing our dance I followed suit; looking into her eyes I sucked wetly at my middle finger before placing it into the small ring linked to the clasp at the top of the zipper which ran down the entire front of her dress. Kissing her neck as I pulled the ring down, I was excited to find that what had felt to be a bra was in fact associated within the design of the dress, and as the zip descended her gorgeous breasts, nipples risen and hard came fully into view. Momentarily our dance stopped, Rylee dropped the dress from her shoulders tossing it to join my own. Moving back into me, she proceeded to unclasp by bra, drawing it down my arms and discarding it to one side as we continued our dance. Naked breasts met naked breasts as our now most evidently more ardent kisses devoured the lips and tongue of the other as we lovingly returned to the rhythm of the dance, each seductively exploring and enveloping the wantonness of the other. 

All that separated us from total nakedness was the sleek softness of my minuscule panties and her slender suspender belt supporting the silkiest stockings I have ever felt. Wearing no panties or G-string, she looked as sexy as hell; her shaved pussy was fully exposed as we writhed together in dance, body to body as she oh so deftly slid my panties down my thighs. Slowly descending she massaged my torso with her breasts until she was on her knees, erotically kissing the angles of my groins. In anticipation I was waiting for the moment when her lips would kiss my clit but it was not to be. Smiling up at me she ascended to take me in her arms and kiss me with a deep and longing passion as we once again fell into this amazing dance of sex. 

Following her lead I reached to her thighs unclasping the suspenders. Holding her pelvis I slid my breasts from side to side over her own and then down to circle her navel with my nipples before descending again, removing her stockings, kissing her thighs as I removed the belt, but as I kissed my way back up her legs I flicked my tongue over her clit, it was enough to cause her to twitch, I heard a light gasp before retracing my route, kissing up her torso, between her breasts before finally standing to embrace her once more. Lips met again, mouths opened to welcome the others tongue in a kiss of passion which never ended until the CD switched off. Holding the hands of the other we each stepped back, each admiring the view and the beautiful attributes of the other; a light kiss, and we moved to the bed! 

If you have never felt the skin of a woman of colour you should make every effort to do so. Skin that is so soft, so alluring and oh so wonderful to kiss and caress. Our bodies came together and instinctively we both placed a thigh into the very wet crotch of the other, an act which caused our kiss to increasing heights not only of passion, but also, mewling desire!

Rolling me to my back, Rylee sat astride me, her wet pussy making light squishy sounds as she ground her cunt against my Mons, cool wet juices oozing down into the angles of my groins. Leaning forward Rylee enveloped my breasts in her hands; squeezing, grasping, as her mouth finally took first one nipple and then the other in an increasing fervour of sucking, and to my delight, biting passion. My hands were running over the soft skin of her back and my chest rose from the bed pushing myself into her mouth, mewling but then screaming my need for more and more as my nails ran over her back! 

I delight in having my breasts, my tits, molded, kissed and sucked with earnest zeal and I was not being disappointed by the driving lust of this beautiful woman. Grasping her by the hair, as she manipulated my nipples, rolling them firmly between her finger tips, I pulled her to me with a passionate need for her kiss before pushing her back down to my hard and wanting nipples: 

"Yes baby, do as you wish... Suck me, bite me, slap them and then suck my nipples deep and hard, damn it lover take them in any way you desire!"

As I looked at her; Rylee was almost glaring at me, as she slapped each tit. 

"Harder" 

I demanded, and with that wanton look of lust on her face, she slapped my tits again and then again before grasping my globes and suckled onto my nipples as hard as I have ever known and still I wanted more. I loved every moment, I wanted this tingling of pain and pleasure to go on and on and my pussy was responding oh so lusciously to this wanton woman... I had to have the taste of her now!

In one swift, almost singular motion, I had her on her back and was straddled across her face, pushing my cunt onto her face, grasping her hair and pulling her into me... Rylee's response was automatic. Her tongue slid into my introitus and before grasping the hemispheres of my arse she slapped me over and over, taking firm hold and sliding my cunt all over her face as she devoured every labial crevice and fold. Still holding her hair Rylee was biting my Majora on each side and when her tongue licked across my clit and her lips sucked it in hard I exploded into a cum pouring orgasm as this insatiable lover of cunt sucked my clit and took in all that was pouring from me. I was at the height of orgasm, my body trembling over her face and I could take no more; I collapsed to the bed beside this glorious lover; but Rylee was not finished yet.

Authoritatively Rylee commanded me:

"Close your eyes!"

There was a rustling of movement before I felt her lay between my legs, her tongue and lips all over my pussy and I felt my Labia swelling beneath her lingual onslaught! Damn this woman can eat pussy and I languished in every sensation and sound that was emanating from her lustful and greedy mouth, her tongue and lips continuing to take their fill. 

Moving back up my body I sensed the presence of a Strap-on. Opening my eyes I looked down to see, I have to say, a very large Strap-on Dildo. Pulling my knees up and out she entered me in one continuous but oh so slow movement.

My cunt was full. apart from her light kisses, Rylee lay quite still, the taste of my cum on her face which I now delighted in licking off of her as she slowly began to fuck me in long, slow, sweeping motions, the dildo almost coming out before she glided it slowly back in, filling me over and over, the pace gradually increasing, her hands at my sides pushing her up onto straight arms as she now proceeded to fuck as she had earlier promised: she was going to fuck me until I dropped and when I orgasmed for the third time that is just about what I did... I loved it, I wanted more, but right at this moment I had to stop; in fact Rylee had to stop. Sweat poured from every sweat gland of her body and as strange as it may seem, cuddling her close, her sweat seemed felt like an aphrodisiac as we caressed and regained, one might almost say, consciousness; each holding the other close, our kisses now tender and relaxing.

"Baby, that was awesome."

"Want a Jacuzzi before we continue?'

"You hungry bitch... Yessss!"

Lying in the Jacuzzi facing each other the jets of water surging against us, we lay back and absorbed the massaging power of the water. Rylee was stroking my legs with her foot, slowly moving up my thighs which I now opened allowing her plantar pad to rest against my Labia. Her tender movements felt too good as she manipulated the lips of my pussy. Rylee moved oh so slowly and then her great toe was gently rubbing my clit. I opened my eyes to see her cheeky grin causing me to smile as she continued to play with me. It was delicious, it was a sensation I wanted to give in return and so there we were, masturbating each other with our feet, simply enjoying the moment and the feelings that the act conjured up between us. There was no effort to make either cum, it was just the pleasure of the act. Orgasms would follow soon when we returned to her bed. Turning off the jets we got out of the tub and enjoyed drying each other off, each taking the opportunity for a quick touch here, a light hearted suck of a nipple there.

Rylee's breasts were so sensitive that even a light touch caused her to move her chest forward, loving every moment, consistently wanton of lingual activity, activity that I was eager to provide the moment we returned to her bed. Lips locked in a tongue feasting of renewed desire I gradually pulled away, and leaning on one elbow I joyously played with those loving hemispheres. Areola so perfectly encircling, dark brown and ever increasingly hardening nipples as my fingers gently toyed them into arousal, only then did I lean forward and slowly take one between the wetness of my wanton lips, as I took the whole body of the other tit in my hand. Sucking on one, squeezing the other and then changing sides I was in tit bliss, fully encompassing the joy the sexual pleasure they were giving both myself and Rylee, who lay there sensuously murmuring her pleasure. Feeling her hand on the back of my head she was pushing me onto her.

"Harder baby, harder, suck them deep lover, let me feel you taking my girls!"

It was encouragement that brought from me the dominant side of my lust for this Black Goddess of love and I took my fill as the spirit moved me so to do. Licking her areola, sucking her nipples hard and deep into my mouth before returning to ardently suckle the nipple alone, sucking and biting each in turn as her lust grew and grew, her mewling becoming more and more ardent, her body writhing against mine as she absorbed the pleasure exuding from her nipples, but now she was pushing me down, down to her Mons, I was not about to disappoint! 

Moving between those gorgeous thighs I was kissing her groins and then her thighs, once again to her groins:
