 Authors note: 

Hello all! It's been awhile and I didn't think I'd be back. Writing is like second nature to me, but after the accident, I just couldn't get it back. It's been a hell of a journey for me, but this came to me in a dream, part of it anyway, and I sat down and tried to remember the dream initially, the rest just kind of fell into place. The characters have some of the names from my other stories, but they aren't linked. They are all of my own creation. Any similarities to other stories is mere coincidence. As always feel free to leave comments and send me feedback. Good reading to all of you.

S.J.

~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~

After the day I had, I just wanted get in and out of this grocery store. Being a full time senior in college with a full time job, I just wanted food and sleep. As I made my way to the frozen food section, I was already planning dinner. My special chicken tenders with french fries. I'd been craving them for weeks, but never really gotten around to making it. Approaching the divider that usually held tons of the little packages of Ore-Ida Crinkle Cuts, I saw that in the smaller size there was only one left. I quickly reached for it. As I did, I felt a hand land directly over mine. Turning my head, I saw one of the most gorgeous women I'd seen in ages. The typical college girls aren't looking for long-term and I'm not into being their play thing. 

Anyway, my eyes took in the woman who's hand still covered mine. She was about 5'7", given she wasn't that much smaller than my own 5'9" stature. Her eyes were a blend of sky blue and a light green. Hair hanging in ringlets of a shiny brunette. Her hands, like the rest of her, were slim and petite. Her attention finally turned to me and her eyes widened. I wasn't sure if it was out of remembrance of me, but I couldn't place her if that was the case, or if she found me attractive. Many people of either sex have complimented me on my appearance and I welcomed it. I'd worked hard to change from the chubby girl I once was. Now I had curves in all the right places. My breasts were a firm 34D, eyes were brown, but had a strange blend of grey that no one on either side of my family had. I kept my hair straight, but it's original wavy state gave it a natural curl. I watched as her eyes travelled lower and I could tell from the way her eyes seemed to shift a little that she liked what she saw. My body had taken on sort of an hourglass shape. My stomach was toned and tight, but my hips widened again and gave me a bigger ass than I'd like for the simple fact that it drew so much attention. As her eyes reached my toned legs, they quickly diverted back to my face. The smile on my face clearly told her that I'd been watching her look me over. She blushed deep and I had to chuckle. At hearing the slight noise, she jerked her hand away from mine.

"I'm so sorry. I hadn't even realized I was still touching you." She said.

I chuckled again and said, "It's completely fine. Your mind seemed to be elsewhere and I promise there isn't anything you can catch from touching my hand over a bag of fries."

At first she looked at me odd until she caught the joke and laughed. Shaking her head she answered, "No. I don't imagine there is. Yes, I'm sorry for that."

"For checking me out?" I laughed and continued, "Sweetie, I've been checked out in far less subtle ways to be upset about that. Where are my manners? I'm Samantha. Samantha McCallister. But everyone calls me Sam or Sammy."

"Oh. It's nice meeting you, Samantha. I'm Sasha. Sasha Rodgers."

After shaking hands we realized that we were both still holding the last of the smaller bag of fries. She let go. I gave her a slanted look and she must have taken it as a question because she said. "You were here first. I'll just get a different brand."

I don't know why, but I shook my head and placed the bag in the bottom of her basket. I smiled and turned back to the section and grabbed one of the larger bags. I turned away leave when she spoke again, "Wait! Why'd you do that?"

I smiled and looked over my shoulder and said, "I have a soft spot for beautiful women with great taste in fries."

She laughed and I walked away. I still had to get a few other things then I'd be home.

~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~

As I was standing in the check out line, I thought this trip to the store wasn't a terrible experience as I original thought. Before I could think about why, my phone vibrated on my hip. Taking it off the clip and looking at the caller i.d. I smiled. It was one of my best friends Val.

"Hello, small person." I said said.

"Shay!" She practically yelled in my ear as she did every time we talked. I laughed because she was one of the few people who called me by my old name.

"What's up?" I answered.

"Nothing much. Just making it home from hanging with Anna."

"And how'd that go? How's your other girlfriend by the way?"

"Hey! You know it's not like that. They're both fine though. Anyway, I was wondering of you were still coming to Orlando this weekend."

"How'd you know I was coming? I haven't talked to you since last weekend and I only decided Monday."

"I do still follow you on Twitter, woman."

I laughed and shook my head. "Don't woman me. But yeah, I'm coming, why?"

"I was hoping to see one of my best friends since I haven't seen you since you moved to that little town."

"We're 30 minutes away from each other. You could come visit anytime. Well, not anytime, because you know school and work and stuff, but if you let me know before hand, you're always welcome."

"Yeah yeah. Maybe next time. So I can see you?"

"Sure, love. I'm going to be going to Universal, but after I'll stop by."

"Cool! See you then. Love you."

"Love you too, hon. Bye."

"Bye."

Hanging up, I started placing my items on the conveyor belt. I was always in a better mood after talking to Val. A few years ago we'd been very close to being more but ... My thought was interrupted by a familiar voice.

"Your girlfriend wondering where you are?"

I turned to see Sasha staring at me.

"No. I mean she isn't my girlfriend. We were involved at one point, but never officially together."

"Ah! So you are a lesbian?" She laughed.

I joined in her laughter and said, "Yes. I'd been meaning to get that tattoo removed from my forehead."

Sasha laughed even more. I just smiled thinking that it was an amazing sound. I missed having someone in my life to have laugh so unobstructed.

The clerk finished ringing up my groceries and I looked at the screen then grabbed my wallet. Handing her the bills, I looked at Sasha who seemed to have something on her mind.

"You okay?" I asked.

"Yes, I'm fine. I was ... Um, I was just wondering if maybe you'd like to go out sometime."

Reaching for my change, I placed the bills in their place and pulled out one of my business card and handed it to Sasha then said, "Give me a call within the next few days and we'll see when."

She smiled as she read the card, "Samantha McCallister. Event coordinator. This is your cell number?"

"Yes, it is."

Sasha handed me her card as I answered. It read:

  Dr. Sasha Rodgers

   Veterinarian

   954-293-0012

"You're a vet?"

"Yes."

"Very cool. Well, if you don't call me in a couple days, I'll give you a call."

"Oh, I'll call."

I laughed and said, "Well, I'm looking forward to it, Dr. Rodgers."

As I walked away I could still hear that amazing laugh of hers. Walking across the parking lot, I saw my pride and joy. A gift from my grandparents. A black 2007 Ford 500. It was a few years old, but I kept that car as pristine as the day it had been given to me. As I was reaching for the keys in my pocket, my phone vibrated again. I ignored it initially to get the food in the car. As I shut the back down, I read the message:

From: 954-293-0012

Hey, Samantha.

I was wondering if you were free this Saturday. Maybe we could do the usual first date thing. Dinner and a movie?

-Sasha

I smiled and looked over my shoulder to see her standing near the store doors and then replied:

To: 954-293-0012

Hi, sweetie. I'd love to, but I made plans to head down to Orlando on Saturday to go to Universal. What about Sunday?"

-Sam

Almost immediately I got a reply.

From: 954-293-0012

Really? Could I tag along? I'm going to alone this weekend and would really like to spend time with you.

-Sasha

I thought about it for a minute. I'd really love to spend the day with her, but I was still meeting Val afterwards. Well, it shouldn't be a problem. I replied:

To:954-293-0012

Sure. Hey. I'm only about 15 minutes away from home. How about you give me a call when you get home too and we can finalize everything.

-Sam

Again, her reply came right back.

From:954-293-0012

Sure! I'll call you then.

-Sasha

I put my phone away and opened my front door. As I climbed in, I saw her heading to a little red Porsche. I smiled because it seemed like the car she'd like. I couldn't wait to hear her voice again. I got behind the wheel and headed home.

~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~

As soon as I got home, I put the groceries away and took out everything I was going to need to make dinner. Then I looked around my apartment. I lived in a middle-upper class neighborhood. My apartment reflected that. At least I thought so. My color scheme throughout the whole house was a nice crisp blue, black and white. I had a one bedroom so it should've been relatively small, it was anything but. 

I had white carpeting throughout the house excluding the kitchen and bathroom, where I had a nice black marble. A black leather sofa and a small armchair where the only seats in the living room that where positioned towards the flat screen on the wall. A glass coffee table sat in the middle of the room with a wall unit that severed as a placeholder for my diploma and other trophies from high school, a bookshelf, and sound system. The walls were adorned with my plaques for various achievements and pictures of me at various ages. Some just portraits, some with my mother, with friends, and my younger brothers at various ages.

I walked over to the wall unit and put my iPod into the iHome. Putting on some cheerful music, I walked past my dining room. It was a larger version of the coffee table and it sat 8 people. I lived alone so keeping my place clean wasn't a problem. My OCD kept the place spotless regardless of what I was doing. I straightened one of the place mats and then walked into my bedroom.

As I stood in the door, I looked over my blue walls with their black trim. My queen sized bed bed perfectly made with the crisscrossing lines in blue, black and white. I loved that blanket. It always reminded me of high school. I smiled at the memories. Shaking my head before I got too wrapped up, I went to my closet to get out of my pants suit. I dreaded the attire, but I loved the way it looked on me.

Switching the professional look for comfortable, I grabbed a pair of my black cargo shorts and one of my blue army styled wife beater type shirts. I looked in the mirror always pleased that the chubby girl I'd become was no longer the one looking back at me.

I was a boxer from the young age of 4 until I was 19. Over the years, I'd put on weight to move up in weight class. Once I stopped fighting, I stopped working out and the effect on my body wasn't one I enjoyed. So before I made the move from south Florida, I worked my ass off to get my beautiful body back and was pleased with myself every time I saw my reflection. Not to the point of being vain, but just a ongoing appreciation.

I flexed my arms which had gotten more muscle than I ever had, but not body builder type. My tattoos moved with the bulging. On my right bicep housed the nautical star intertwined with the stems of roses that sat next to the top point on both sides, under held my initials S.J. On my left bicep housed my personal philosophy: Eternal Love & Peace with a double infinity symbol in the middle. I loved my ink because both where a representation of who I was and what I stood for.

After pulling my hair back into a ponytail, slipping on a pair of my white footie socks and my Bluetooth headset, I made my way back to the kitchen where I plugged up my phone up to charge. As soon as I finished cleaning the two chicken breasts, the beeping played in my ear signaling a incoming call. I pressed the button on the side and said, "Hello. This is Sam."

"Hey, Samantha. It's Sasha." the voice came through.

"Oh! Hey Sasha. Glad you made it home safe."

"Same to you. Sorry it took so long to call. I changed and had to get Junior situated."

"Junior? Dog?"

Sasha laughed and said, "No. Junior would be my son. Roscoe is the dog."

"Oh! You never mentioned you had kids."

"Not kids, just little Marcus here. Is that a problem?"

"Why would it be? I like kids. Never had the motivation to have any on my own, but I adore them just the same. I have two nieces and two younger brothers. Kids and I get along fine. How old is he?"

"I was just asking. Not many people want to date a woman who has baggage. He's 8 though."

"Baggage or not, any woman, or man for that reason, would have to be insane not to want to date you."

Sasha laughed again, "You're a sweetheart."

"Well, thank you. I'm curious though. If you have an 8 year old, who I know at that age because of previously mentioned brothers and nieces want to go everywhere with you, would you be alone this weekend?"

"Ah! That would be because Junior here spends the weekends with both sets of his grandparents. On Saturday, he goes off with Marcus Sr.'s parents. On Sunday, they take him to my parents place and I pick him up Sunday night."

"Oh nice."

"Yeah. I enjoy the alone time mostly, but then I get bored and want to hang with someone. Most of my friends walk on eggshells because they're married and I'm alone with Junior now. So I don't hang with them. I got into working out because of all the free time and just working weekends if I get bored enough."

"Well, this weekend we're going to have fun. So no working or working out. Although, I have a bit of an obsession with working out myself. If you don't mind my asking, you mentioned his grandparents, but not his father. Is he not around?"

"No. Marcus Sr. was killed a year ago. A drunk driver."

I had been cutting the breasts into thin stripes because I knew they were going to expand when they were cooked, but at hearing that, I stopped completely.

"I'm very sorry for your loss."

"Thank you. I've grieved and prepared to live my life for me and my son."

As I went back to cutting, I thought about everything I'd learned about this woman. Widower, single mother, animal doctor, but where did the lesbian part come into play? Was she experimenting with the area? Was she just looking for a friend? Omg, if she was, I'd have to change my entire perspective of her. I could always use more friends, but that still left me with a friend I was attracted to and no one in my life to fill the void I felt. I thought Sasha was that person, but now ... Who knew?

My silence must have lingered longer than I thought because Sasha said, "Hello? Samantha? Are you still there?"

"Um, yes. Sorry. That ... That's a very good reason to want to stay busy."

Sasha laughed and said, "I can only imagine the questions in your head. So let me just go ahead and clear some things up. I've always know I was a lesbian, but never had the courage to come out. So I did what my parents expected. Got married and started working on a family of my own. Marcus Sr. never knew and I hadn't planned on telling him. His death is what shook me out of the illusion people saw. I came out to both my parents and his about 8 months after he died. My dad knew. Mom was a little shocked, but she's accepted it fine. His parents took it harder, but we've all come to the understanding that my life is just that. If they don't want to know who I'm with, I won't tell them."

"Well, that does clear up a lot of questions."

Before Sasha could respond I heard a loud crashing noise followed by giggling then Sasha laughing too.

"Sasha? Is everything okay?"

She continued laughing but said, "Yes. Junior just tackled his practice toy and went sliding into the dog door. He's fine, but it's getting late and I need to finish his dinner. Thank you so much about the fries, by the way."

"Oh. It's no problem. I eat them more than anything else. Like when I get out of class and just want something to snack on before I go to work, I eat them. You saved me from having to go back to the store for them later this week. I'll let you go though." 

"Wait! Saturday? When are we leaving?"

"Oh right! Um, I was planning on leaving at 11:30. I'll pick you up at 11 and we can go out for breakfast before we leave."

"Perfect. I'll text you the address Saturday morning. At that time, you can meet Junior here, if you want."

"I'd love to meet him."

"11 it is then. See you then, Samantha."

I laughed and said, "Sasha, if we do end up hitting it off, I hope you call me Sam or Sammy. We're becoming friends at the very least, no need to call me Samantha all the time."

She laughed too and said, "Agreed. Sam it is. I'll talk to you tomorrow right?"

"Sure. If you want. I have class and then work, but I'll be home about 6:30. 7 at the latest."

"I'll text you at 6:30 to see where you are then. Have a nice night, Sam."

"You too, Sasha. Tell Junior I said good night."

"I will. Bye."

"Bye."

Hanging up for the second time tonight, I had a smile on my face. I pulled the last of the chicken tenders out of the frying pan. I moved to get the fries and realized I haven't felt this good in a long time. The fries only took another 20 minutes. When I was done, I cleaned the dishes and stove top before I grabbed my food and a bottle of soda from the fridge. I decided to eat in the living room.

As I sat down the food, I moved to turn off the music and grabbed the remote control from the shelf. Looking at the t.v. guide, I saw that Easy A was on HBO. I loved the movie so settled into my armchair and ate my favorite meal and had a laugh.

Later that night, I was settling into bed and I could only think of Sasha. I thought about what it would be like to have her in my arms. To be able to kiss those full lips and have her moan against my mouth. As my thoughts went wild, I felt that tingle I always felt when I got turned on. Sliding my hand into my panties, I found the lips of my pussy covered in my own sweet liquids and my clit starting to slip through its' hood. I used the flat tip of my finger and slide it back and forth. A moan escaped my mouth. My clit had always been tied to my nipples and the slight stimulation made my nipples harden underneath the thin shirt. I slide my free hand under the material and rolled my nipple back and forth which caused my clit to stand all the way out. I moved two fingers to the entrance of my tunnel and shoved them in. I've always been the type of girl to enjoy a little pain with my pleasure. My fingers pumped in between my legs and my thumb continued stimulating my clit. My thoughts were filled with images of Sasha. Thinking of her in her place doing the same thing as me turned me on even more. I pulled on my nipples as I felt my orgasm approach me. I moved my pinky to the spot where my rose bud was and started rimming myself. That was the last stimulation I needed as my juices exploded on my hand. My legs clenched together as I jerked from the intensity.

When the waves finally subsided, I pulled my fingers out enjoying the audible slurping sound and slide each finger into my mouth until my juice was completely gone. I turned over and hugged my pillow. I fell asleep that night thinking about Sasha and anticipating the time I got to spend with her.
