 Melanie tilted her head as she looked at me after I had asked her if she was a virgin. She gave me a shy smile.

"Does it matter, Sabine?"

"I'd just like to know, Melanie."

Sabine, I have dated guys. I have kissed and made out with some of them. We've gone to lover's lanes and I have been felt up by some. One even had my pants off and my top pushed up so he could feel me. But, yes, I am still a virgin. That doesn't mean that I don't have thoughts of sex, just that I haven't experienced it all. I am a normal girl."

"I'm sorry, I didn't mean to pry, Melanie. I was just curious. Mostly about how you knew about dildo's and stuff."

"Well, I read and have seen some stuff on the Internet. There is a lot of things to see on that."

"Oh? I guess I don't understand Melanie."

She motioned me over to her computer and turned it on. As it booted up she rested a hand on my left leg. I thought nothing of it. She was just being herself and she was a touchy-feely sort of girl. As the computer finished booting up she clicked on a file under my computer, My Pictures. I looked at the icons, wrinkling my forehead.

"I don't see anything but a bunch of little boxes."

"Do you want to see, Sabine, really see what's on the Internet?"

I nodded, curious. She clicked on the first box. The computer whirred and clicked. Then a screen popped up and the little loading strip on the bottom began to fill. I watched it, transfixed. It filled up and then went blank. I looked up from the bottom and gasped. It was a naked blonde, like me, small breasts and shorter hair. She was facing a taller woman, also blonde. The second woman was dressed and she had a hand cupping the first's breast, her thumb touching the nipple. My eyes were wide open.

"See, Sabine. This is on the Internet. And many other things."

She closed that box and clicked another little box. This time I stared at the screen. My tongue unconsciously licked my dry lips. All of a sudden the second picture flashed on. It was the same two women. The first was still naked, the second still dressed. This time the dressed woman's hand was between the naked one's legs. The naked girl's head was tilted back; her eyes closed as if in ecstasy. The dressed woman had a smile on her face. Melanie looked at me. I was staring. She closed it and clicked another box. I waited. The third picture was of the same two women. This time the dressed one held a dildo that was shoved inside the naked girl's pussy. Her head was still thrown back. One of her arms was clutching the shoulder of the dressed woman. You could see how much the dildo stretched open her pussy.

Melanie closed the picture. She looked at me.

"Do you want to see more?"

"Melanie, where did you get these pictures?"

"You can surf sites and they have them for free. If you know how to do it, you can copy them to your computer."

I looked back at the file filled with little boxes. Melanie told me that they were icons. She clicked another and my eyes went to the screen, waiting. The picture opened up and there was the naked girl on a bed, legs open, the clothed one holding the dildo. It was buried in her pussy. Her feet were up near her ass, legs splayed open and her hands were clutching the bedcover. Her eyes were squeezed shut and her mouth open as if she was panting.

"God, Melanie, it's so, so….."

"Arousing, Sabine? Do you like it?"

"Ah, um, sort of. Are there more?"

"Would you like to see more, Sabine?"

"Um, yes, I would, yes."

She clicked another icon. It loaded. The naked girl now had her hands tied to the top of the bed. The dressed woman still had her hand on the dildo, pushing it into the girl's pussy. The other hand held a breast and her fingers were pinching a nipple. I gasped and squeezed my legs together. Melanie giggled as she felt my legs clench together. I took a breath. I looked at Melanie. She smiled at me.

"More?"

I could only nod my head yes. She clicked. Another picture popped up. The same two woman, but this time the naked girl was on her knees. Her head was on the mattress. Her hands were tied to her thighs, so she couldn't move. The clothed woman was pushing something into her anus! The dildo was still in her pussy, sticking out obscenely but exciting to me. She clicked again. The next picture showed the woman from the side with a strap thingy around her waist. She was wearing a bra and oh god! The strap had a dildo attached and it was up the girl's pussy. I gasped again and felt my face heat up.

"Is, ah, there a lot, ah, of this stuff?"

"As much as you want to see, Sabine. More?"

My dry mouth would not work, but I nodded.

"Let's do something while we look, Sabine, all right?"

I looked at her. I was nervous but she smiled at me and I nodded. She patted my cheek. She got up.

"Don't move, Sabine, and close your eyes."

I sat still and nervously closed my eyes. I felt her get up from beside me and walk away. In a few moments she was back, I could sense her presence. She moved my hands until my arms rested on the chair's arms. Something pulled on right wrist, then pressure. Then something on my left. I felt her move my legs and put my feet behind the chair legs. I felt the same pulling on my ankles, first the left, then the right. I wanted to open my eyes, but I obeyed Melanie. It seemed forever to me.

"You can open your eyes."

I did and looked down. My arms were tied to the chair with two scarves. I tried to move my feet but I couldn't. Melanie smiled at me.

"Trust me, Sabine?"

I looked at her and swallowed. Then I nodded. 

"Good girl."

She reached down and untied my robe, pulling the tie out completely so it hung on me. Then she opened it, baring me, my breasts and pussy. She pushed it off my shoulders and down my back adding another bit of capture to me. She took my hips and pulled me gently forward and I slid until my ass was at the end of the chair. I was bare and exposed.

"This is called bondage, Sabine. Some people find it very arousing. Do you?"

I tried to move my arms and couldn't. My legs would not move either. I looked down to see my nipples erect and tingling and my pussy swollen and partially open. I closed my eyes. I took a breath.

"Um, sort of, Melanie."

She stepped away. I looked up and saw I was in front of our window. Another dorm faced ours, taller and with many windows looking across the lawn to our dorm. She came back and sat down, "John" in her hand. She clicked another icon. As we waited for it to load, she put "John" on my pussy and rubbed it up and down my lips. I whimpered. The picture popped up and was of the naked girl, tied to a chair, like me. A hand and part of arm was in the picture, pushing a dildo into her pussy. I closed my eyes as I felt her press up and gasped as I was penetrated once again. Melanie pushed and pushed until almost the entire dildo was inside me. It felt so big inside me!

"Just look at the picture, Sabine. Do you like it?"

I whimpered, I nodded. She stood up and opened our curtains. Then she opened the window. Then she sat back down. She didn't touch the dildo, just let it fill me.

"Imagine Sabine. Do you hear the people outside? Do you think they know what you are doing? Do they know you are tied up and have a dildo up your pussy? Look across. See the windows? I wonder how many people are looking out right now. I wonder how many people are looking at our window?"

I couldn't help but look across to the other dorm. I flushed. She stood up and slid my chair back into the center of the room. I tried to get my arms and legs loose, to stand up, to get away, but I couldn't. My eyes went back to our window and the many windows across from us. I sobbed. My face was burning. I couldn't look away. I imagined people looking out and seeing me like this. My pussy clenched on the dildo.

Melanie untied one arm and I breathed a sigh of relief. She was going to let me loose. Oh no, she just slipped my arm out of the robe and tied the arm back down! She untied the other and removed the robe, tossing it on my bed. I was naked in front of our window.

"How do you feel Sabine? Aroused? Dirty? Sexy? Do you wish that you knew if someone was watching you? Or maybe many someones? Do you want to stop?"

I closed my eyes and sucked in a breath. I shook my head no. Flushing, I looked out the window to the dorm across from us. I listened to people outside talking and laughing. I felt as though all were talking about me, seeing me. I was aroused and the thoughts I was having were embarrassing. I wanted people to see and I didn't want people to see me.

"Just sit there and look out and think for a while, Sabine. Maybe in a bit we can do something else."

I sat looking out and from time to time glanced at the picture on her computer. It was still the naked girl, tied to the chair. It was I on the computer. After a time, I don't know how long, Melanie closed the curtains. She untied me and helped me up. I was stiff and moved my arms and legs to loosen the muscles.

"Do you want to try something new, Sabine?"

This was arousing beyond my imagination. I had never thought of anything at all like this! 

"Are your arms and legs feeling better?"

"Yes."

"Let's do something about that, shall we?"

Melanie led me to her bed and had me kneel on the end. She took my left arm and tied it and my left thigh together. She clicked on another icon, and the girl was on a bed, her face in the mattress, both arms tied to her thighs. Her ass was up and spread so everything was showing, even her anus. Melanie tied my right arm to my right thigh. Then she gave me a gentle push and my face hit the mattress. I couldn't get up; I was stuck there. I wondered what she was going to do, imagining the dildo being pushed up me from behind. I heard clothes rustle behind me and then Melanie came into my sight, naked as I was.

I gasped and peeked sideways to see her, see her body, but I didn't have to. She climbed up on the bed and put her legs on either side of me. She took my face in her hands and lifted it up. I was staring at her pussy. She had hair, just like me, silky strands of it, covering her mound and a little down the sides of her lips. She squirmed her ass down, coming closer to my face until my mouth, my lips, touched her pussy lips.

"Kiss me, Sabine, kiss me."

At first I was trying to back up, but I couldn't. My lips rubbed on hers as I tried. Melanie didn't say anything, just waited. I finally kissed her pussy. It felt nice on my lips. I kissed her pussy again. I felt her hips lift slightly. I kissed her again but this time I did it as a French kiss, my tongue slipping out to touch her lips. She moaned and clutched my head in her hands. She stroked my hair and my tongue slipped out again, licking her lips. Her hips lifted again and she whimpered. She kept stroking my hair and I began to lick and kiss her pussy. Melanie moved her hips gently with my licking and I began to feel moisture leaking from her. It tasted funny, but not bad, like nothing I had ever tasted before. I kept licking her and kissing her until her hips lifted and pressed to my face hard. I felt her body jerk and tremble, her breathing quicken. She tensed and held her pussy to my mouth, my tongue. I licked her, knowing she was having an orgasm. I was happy to know that I was part of it for her. When the spasms stopped she slumped down. She continued to stroke my hair.

"Was it nice Sabine?"

"Y-y-yes."

"Good, I'm glad you liked it. We can do it again later. Would you like that?"

"Umhmmm."

She left me lie like that, ass up and tied, with my face pressed to her pussy for a while. When Melanie tired of lying on her back with my head between her legs she moved back and sat up. In my overbalanced state, I tipped forward, my face falling to the mattress. My ass was in the air and I felt uncomfortable, but so aroused. I could feel the cool air on my pussy and my anus and I felt so nasty. Tied as I was, I could not stop Melanie from doing anything to me. I wanted to be loose and I wanted to stay tied for her. She swung her right leg over my head and stood up. I wanted to look at her naked, but I couldn't. My balance forced me to be face down. I sensed Melanie moving away and then I gasped as I felt her hand on my ass. She stroked me gently, making my skin ripple and then she traced a finger between my cheeks. Her other hand continued to stroke my ass. Her finger reached my anus, my asshole and stopped, pressing on it gently.

I closed my eyes and whimpered into the mattress. She pressed a little harder and when I whimpered louder, she giggled, then ran her finger down to my pussy. I moaned as she teased me. She stroked my lips and up to my clitoris. Melanie rubbed my little bump, making me moan louder. Then her finger slid back down across my lips and she slid it into me. I gasped. She thrust it in and out and my hips began to move with her as much as I could, tied as I was. I heard her giggle and felt embarrassed. 

The finger slid out of me, making me moan once more and continued up until it was at my asshole again. She pressed and it slid in a little. The moisture from my pussy made it easier for her to push it in. It didn't hurt, but it felt really strange to have something pushed inside me there.

She pushed it in and out of my ass, twisting her finger too, making my hips work as best they could. The more she did this the more open I became until she was in as far as she could go. I felt her knuckles on the inside of my cheeks. She thrust in and out a few times, and then left it in as far as it would go.

"Sabine…"

"Y-y-yes?"

"Where is my finger?"

"Inside me, oh God, inside me.."

"Where inside you?"

"In m-my b-b-b-ottom."

"You can say it better than that, Sabine."

"Oh God Melanie, it's in my anus."

"Come on Sabine, tell me where…"

"Your finger is in my asshole, Melanie, in my ass."

"Good girl."

She resumed thrusting it in and out of me. Then she stopped and I whimpered as she removed her finger.

"I'm going to go and shower. Wait here for me, Sabine."

Like I could go anywhere. I was still tied. I wanted her to untie me and I wanted to stay tied. I heard her walk away and whimpered. She left me like that and opened the curtains once more.

"Think of all the people who can see you Sabine. All the people looking through our window and seeing you naked and tied up. Delicious isn't it?"

And she left me there. I heard the shower start and knew I was going to be like this for a while longer. And my imagination took hold of me. No one knew who I was, but many people were looking at me. They couldn't see my face but they could see I was naked and tied. And they were laughing at me. I managed to turn my head so my nose wasn't stuck in the comforter on Melanie's bed, but I didn't really feel any better. I was still naked, I could see the window and I could imagine that people were looking through it at me. There was nothing I could do about it, either.

I knelt there, head down, ass up for what seemed forever. Finally Melanie came out, dressed in a blouse and skirt. She brushed one hand over my bare ass, making me squeal quietly. Then she untied me and helped me up. I was stiff all over again and worked my arms and legs to loosen up.

"Go shower. I'll pick something out for you to wear."

Melanie was being very assertive and I began to think that she wasn't quite as innocent as a small town, virgin girl should be. I walked slowly to the bathroom and showered. When I finished I dried my hair and body. I looked around and didn't see any clothes. I wrapped a towel around myself and walked out.

Melanie was seated and on my bed was a dress of mine and a pair of underpants. Not a thong, a full seated pair of underpants. I slipped on the underpants and then the dress. Melanie handed me a pair of thigh high stockings, which I put on. 

"Find a pair of heels and then come sit down. I found the only pair of heels that I had and slipped them on my feet. I was feeling a little nervous. Melanie had moved my chair over next to hers and I sat down. She clicked on my pictures again on her computer. The icons loaded.

"Would you like to see some more, Sabine? Something a little different than what you saw before?"

I was very interested to see more, but I only nodded, slowly, not showing my eagerness, I hoped. Melanie clicked on an icon. Two women appeared, both dressed, one older than the other. The younger seemed to be uncomfortable; she was looking at the floor. She clicked another and the older woman was seated on a chair, with the younger standing to one side of her. Another click and the younger woman was lying across the older woman's legs. Her hands and toes were the only things of her touching the floor. My face was getting warm, even if I didn't understand. Melanie had to have some reason for showing me these pictures.

Another click and the older woman's hand was holding the bottom of the young girl's dress. Another click and the dress was over her ass, resting on the small of her back. Her underpants were exposed. The next showed the woman with her fingers curled on the waistband of the girl's panties. The next showed the girl with her panties down to her knees, her bare ass filling the screen. I was having trouble keeping my breathing even. 

The next showed the woman's hand slapping the girl's ass. The next showed a reddened hand print. Melanie showed me two more of the woman's hand raised over the girl's ass. The next to last one showed the girl's ass reddened in contrast to the rest of her skin. The last one that she showed me showed the girl standing, facing the wall. Her dress was still hiked up around her waist and her underpants were stretched around her legs at the knees. Her hands were on her head, her ass still glowing red. I couldn't look away. My breathing was faster.

"Do these pictures seem exciting to you, Sabine?"

I nodded yes, not really knowing why. Melanie pushed her chair back and looked at me. I stood, eyes lowered, and then sighed. I lay down over her knees. She smiled at me.

"Good girl."

My dress was pulled up, baring my underpants and legs. I began to tremble. I felt her fingers hook in my underpants and whimpered as they were tugged down to my knees. Melanie gently stroked my ass.

"Just a few to test it out, Sabine."

I knew but I didn't really understand until her hand struck my ass. I yelped and wriggled. She stroked me some more and then smacked me once more.

"I'll stop at ten, Sabine."

Melanie smacked me again and again and as she did, my face got hot. So did my ass, which by the fifth smack, began to move from side to side. I was just like the young girl in the pictures, my toes and hands the only parts of me touching the floor and my ass raised up high. Melanie wasn't hitting my hard, but enough so I felt the heat building on my skin. I gasped and squeaked with each slap of her hand on me. 

"A bit more Sabine?"

I said nothing, but didn't move. Her hand came down hard, the noise deafening to my ears and my head jerked up. My breath hissed past my lips. She smacked me once more, hard and I squealed, trying to push myself up. Her hand pressed down on the small of my back and the other smacked me again, It was not warm anymore, it was hot. Hot and stinging. She smacked me once more and the sound of her hand hitting my bare ass was loud. I had tears in my eyes, but felt different, a little excited. My pussy was tingling and my nipples had gotten erect once more. 

Melanie helped me up and had me stand in front of her.

"Hands on your head, girl."

My hands lifted automatically. She smiled at me and lifted my dress higher until my breasts were bare and the dress was pushed over my shoulders so it would stay up. Melanie's hand went between my legs and I gasped. She touched and teased and rubbed my pussy. I closed my eyes and moaned.
