 Melanie and I held each other for a bit longer, sometimes kissing, sometimes just holding each other. It was nice. She stroked my hair and my back and my ass. I felt very nice when I decided that it was time to collect.

I propped myself up on an elbow.

"Stand up, please Melanie."

She smiled at me.

"You are serious about this, Sabine. Are you sure that this is what you want?"

"I'm positive, Melanie."

"You know you could ask for something else and I probably would say yes, Sabine."

"Maybe you would, but this is what I want, Melanie."

"Fine darling. All I have to do is stand up?"

"Yes."

Melanie pushed herself to a sitting position, swung her legs out and stood up. I looked at her, smiling, admiring her long legs, narrow waist, and the breasts that I wish I had and her lovely face. Then I sighed and got up too. I was naked; she was dressed, but….

I knelt at her feet and untied her shoes. I removed each shoe, setting them carefully and neatly by her bed. Then I removed her socks, folding them and setting them on the foot of her bed. I looked up deciding. She smiled down at me. I shivered inside.

I stood and took the hem of her sweatshirt and lifted it. Melanie pursed her lips at me and I stopped lifting and kissed her. God, she made me hot and weak all at the same time. I lifted higher and Melanie lifted her arms and the sweatshirt came off. I folded that too and lay it on the foot of her bed. I wanted this to last as long as possible, so I knelt again. I unbuttoned and unzipped her jeans. I slowly pulled them down her legs, letting my fingers caress her skin. She held my shoulder as I lifted one foot and then the other to get her jeans off. I folded her jeans neatly; as with all the other clothes I had taken off and set them on the foot of her bed. 

I stood again, caressing her with my hands on the way up. I could feel her shivering, just like me. I kissed her, holding her face in my hands and then let my hands slide down to her bra. I unhooked it and slowly pulled it forward. My eyes were fastened to her chest, watching as each bit of skin appeared for me. When her bra was off and folded with her other clothes, I held her, feeling her nipples, her breasts on mine. It felt so good. Then I took her face and kissed her again.

I finally broke the kiss and knelt once more. I looked up at Melanie and hooked my fingers in her panties. I kissed her just above the waistband and as her panties slid down, I followed them with kisses. I kissed her tummy, her bush, her lips, and the inside of a thigh, all the way down, her knee, her calf, her ankle and her foot. When I had finished I was on my knees with my head on her foot. I took her panties off and looked up, seeing nothing but naked Melanie. I laid her panties on her other clothes. I began to kiss her again, back up her leg. Melanie stood quietly until I reached her thigh and then she began to breathe faster. She held my head gently, but I wasn't through kissing her.

I kissed up across her pussy lips and bush and then up her tummy, leaving little wet marks each place I kissed. I reached her breasts and kissed each one and the nipple too. Then up to her collarbone and neck. Then I kissed across her jaw and cheek to her ear. I breathed softly into her ear and kissed her earlobe. Then I leaned back, looking at her. Melanie had this dreamy look on her face. I kissed her lips and took her hand, leading her to my bed.

I pulled the blanket and sheet down, then sat her down on my bed. I eased her to her back and lifted each leg up, caressing each one as I did. I stood back to see her naked in the sunlight on my bed. I smiled, she smiled.

I knelt at the side of my bed. I began kissing her forehead, then her nose, her cheek and her lips. I lingered on her lips, our tongues swirling around each other's. I still hadn't really touched her, but now I cupped a breast from underneath and lifted it up. Then I kissed down to it. I kissed all around the nipple and then gently sucked it into my mouth, licking and sucking on it. I heard her breathing quicken and I moved to her other breast, kissing it and then sucking and licking that nipple also. She began to gasp and her right arm reached out for my body, but I put it back.

"No Melanie, this is just for you."

She whimpered as I put it back on the bed and kissed down her ribs, then her tummy, through her pubic hair and to her pussy. I gave her pussy a soft kiss and then moved down, alternately kissing every inch of her skin on both legs. She was moaning by now, softly saying, "Please Sabine, please…."

I ignored her and kissed down her legs to her feet. Then I took a foot and lifted it slightly, sucking her big toe into my mouth. I sucked it like it was a dick, mouthing and swirling my tongue around it and then I did the same with the other foot.

Melanie was gripping my sheet, her head moving from side to side, panting. I gently rolled her over to her stomach and kissed up her legs, first one then the other as I made my way up. When I reached her ass I kissed each cheek all over and then without thinking of what I was doing, I pulled her cheeks open and kissed her crease. I kissed all down it, lingering with a long kiss right on her anus. Then I kissed back up the crack. I could feel her quivering and shaking. Little moans were escaping her mouth.

I finally got up on the bed, straddling her legs. I bent and kissed from the top of her ass to her neck, lingering on her neck, lifting her hair out of the way so I could kiss all over it. My pussy was now pressed to her ass and she was lifting her ass up to press on my pussy. She felt so soft and warm!

"Sabine, please, please…."

"Melanie, be patient."

I got up on my knees and turned her to her back. Then I sat back down, now our pussies were pressed to each other's. I kissed her lips again and one of her hands lifted to my left breast. I couldn't help but let her feel how erect my nipple was as I kissed her and she kissed me back, but shortly I removed her hand and kissed down to her breasts once more. I kissed them and sucked each nipple lovingly, listening to her moan.

"Sabine, darling, you are killing me…….:"

I smiled to myself, she couldn't see anyway. Then I kissed down her tummy and rubbed my nose in her hair. She smelled sweet. I kissed down slowly until my mouth was on her pussy lips. I sort of knelt up, lifted her legs over my shoulders and buried my face in her pussy. I kissed and licked her, listening to her moan. Her hands came down and gently grasped my head. I let her hold me like that as I licked. 

Then I felt naughty. I pulled back a little and looked down. Her anus was showing too. I kissed her pussy again and then kissed down to her anus, her asshole. She gasped and her fingers tightened on my head.

I ignored that and kissed her asshole, then licked it. I tasted that part of her, licking and kissing, feeling her wriggle against my mouth.

"OH, Sabine, oh fuck, I love you….."

That made me even more eager at kissing her ass and licking it. I buried my face between her cheeks and licked frantically, wanting her to want this again, over and over, naked in the light and me loving her.

"OH GOD, OH GOD, OH FUCK…."

I kissed back up to her pussy and licked and kissed and sucked on her lips and clitoris until she bucked up, tensing and pushing against me.

OHHHHHHH GOD, FUCK, LICK ME, LICK ME…."

Melanie's hips were bucking up and down and it was hard for me to keep my face there, but I managed. I licked her until I felt her tense once more, lifting her hips up, pressing her pussy to my mouth.

"OHHHHHHHHHHH GOOOOOODDDDDDD!"

Her body was stiff and arched up. My hands went under her ass to hold her up and I licked and kissed until I felt her go limp. Then I let her down gently. She was lying on her back, legs splayed out, her neck arched. I could see her heartbeat in her neck. She was panting. I watched her slowly relax until she slumped down completely.

Her hands reached for me and pulled up. I carefully moved up so I could lie by her side. Melanie reached and pulled me close to her body, turning on her side so our breasts pressed each other's. Both of our nipples were hard and straining out, poking each other. Our legs entwined, pussies pressed together.

Melanie kissed my wet face, not caring that it was her juice smeared over it. She kissed and kissed me.

"Oh God, Sabine, thank you, thank you…"

I held her head to the curve of my neck and stroked her back until she fell asleep in my arms. Then I allowed myself to doze too, happy in the warmth and feel of her naked body against mine.

I awoke when I felt Melanie move. I leaned up on an elbow to look at her face as she came into consciousness. Melanie blinked and when she saw me she smiled and touched my cheek. We kissed again. She lay back and stretched.

I sat up. I was happy but wondering if that would be it for me. If this was the last time I would have Melanie naked with me. Her fingers teased the top of my bare ass.  I shivered and then got up. 

"I have to pee."

I walked into our bathroom and sat on the toilet. A few moments after I sat down, Melanie came in wearing her robe and sat on the edge of the bathtub right across from me.

"Melanie!"

"I just want to see, Sabine. After what we have done what's the harm?"

I blushed.

"I can't go with you sitting there staring at me."

"I bet you can."

She reached over and gently began stroking me just above my pussy, pressing down a little. I was red in the face and she was smirking at me. I didn't stop her; it was what she wanted. She could have anything I could give her. I felt the pressure increase in my bladder and then, without warning, I started. Pee gushed out of me, splashing in the toilet, embarrassing me. Especially at how much and how hard it was coming out. Melanie watched until it was just a trickle.

"See, that wasn't so bad, was it?"

I wiped myself and stood up, flushing the toilet.

"There are other games we can play you know, Sabine…."

"Like what?"

"Some people play peeing games."

I must have looked shocked. She smiled.

"I have to go too. Do you want to try?"

I thought for a few seconds.

"Do I get another wish if I do, Melanie?"

She looked at me for a bit.

"You're serious again, Sabine. I was just kidding. I just wanted to see the look on your face"

"No, I ‘ll do it, if I get a wish. Really Melanie, I will, I promise."

"You'll do what?"

"I'll do the peeing game, whatever you want, Melanie, just for a wish for me."

"Are you sure, Sabine?"

"Yes. I'll do it, right now, I'll do it."

Melanie shook her head, grinning.

"OK, I've never done this before but, get in the shower on your knees, Sabine."

I hurried over and knelt down. I watched Melanie take off her robe and walk towards me. God she was pretty! Melanie got in the shower with me and moved me back so she had room to stand in front of me. Then she leaned back; holding her hips forward and closed her eyes. I knelt, staring up at her, licking my lips, nervously. I had an idea what I was getting into, but I wanted my wish. Melanie stood like that for few moments.

"Sabine, it's coming…"

I looked at her pussy, just as a gush of pee squirted out and hit me in the neck. It splattered all over and ran down my body. It felt warm and I looked up to see Melanie smiling at me. Melanie must have clenched her insides, because she stopped peeing on me.

"Do you really want to play the peeing game?"

I nodded. I wanted my wish really badly. I'd do anything to get it.

"Get down farther, sit on your ass."

I squirmed around until I was sitting on my ass, my legs outside hers. My pussy on show, my wet, glistening body in the shower, sitting in a puddle of her pee. She must have been holding it in, because she looked down and then peed right in my face. I hurriedly closed my eyes and felt the pee hitting me, splattering over my face, running down to my breasts and then down my belly to my pussy. Melanie peed on me for a long time; a lot longer than I thought was possible. Finally she stopped.

"The end to the peeing game is that whoever gets peed on, licks the other."

I didn't say a word, just leaned forward and licked her pussy. I licked up the trickle of pee that hung on her lips and licked her lips clean. I looked up at her, my face and body glistening in the light.

"I get two wishes for that, Melanie."

"All right, darling, two wishes. Did you like it?"

"No, but for two wishes, I'll do it whenever you want to, Melanie."

"We have to figure out your wish list, Sabine, what gets wishes and what doesn't, so I know when I have to pay off."

"Well, let's see. Fucking my ass is a wish, peeing on me is a wish, peeing in my face is another wish. That's enough for now."

"Nothing else gets a wish?"

"No, it isn't necessary. The other stuff I sort of like, Melanie."

I said that blushing, letting her know it was all right for her to fuck me whenever she wanted and no consequences to her. Melanie got out of the shower and I stood and looked at her.

"Should I wash or do you want me to let the pee dry on me?"

Melanie giggled.

"No darling, wash, I want you clean and fresh."

I turned on the shower and washed myself, shivering at what I had just done. Shivering because I had let her pee on me. So dirty, but what she had seemed to want. What I wanted because she had wanted it. I got out and dried off and then walked out naked. Melanie smiled at me.

"Stay like that while I shower."

I wished I had thought to ask her to join me so I could have washed her body for her. I wanted to touch and feel her all over. I wanted her to touch and feel me too, and I had two wishes to make that happen. I smiled softly and sat on my bed, touching the places that her body had been. I thought for a while, trying to decide what I would use my two wishes to get. Melanie came out of our bathroom, dressed, disappointing me, but I should have expected that. She liked me naked while she had clothes on. Melanie sat on her bed across from me. She looked at me.

"All right, Sabine, I need to know what is on your mind and what you are expecting from me."

"Nothing, Melanie, except that you honor my wishes when I earn them."

"What do I get out of it?"

"Pretty much whatever you want, unless I can't deal with it."

"So, if I tell you to do something, you'll do it?"

"Within reason, Melanie."

"Whose reason, mine or yours?"

"I can't answer right now since I don't know what you would want."

"Let's try. Lift your feet up on the bed and open your legs."

I lifted my feet up and let my knees fall open, showing her my pussy.

"Lean back and with one hand open it up."

I flushed, but I leaned back on one hand and with the other, spread my lips open for her. I watched her look at my open pussy, flushing at how I was acting, like the biggest slut. She leaned forward and pushed a finger inside me, twisting it, watching my eyes close and my teeth bite my lower lip. I felt her finger leave my pussy and opened my eyes. She looked at her finger, how slick and wet it was. Then she offered it to my mouth.

"Taste yourself."

I opened my lips and she slid her finger into my mouth. I sucked it, tasting my pussy on her finger. She let me suck on it for a while. Then she pulled it out and looked at it again. Her hand went back between my legs, but this time her finger pressed on my anus. I stiffened. I didn't really like that at all. She watched my face, knowing I wasn't overjoyed, but slid her finger in my ass anyway. I didn't protest. I let her. She worked her finger around and took it out. She looked at it. Her hand rose, her eyes questioning mine. I shook myself, feeling little tremors inside and opened my mouth. Her finger went inside my mouth and I closed my lips around it and sucked, tasting my ass for her. I sucked and licked her finger that had been up my ass, my eyes closed. It didn't taste too bad, but I really wanted to taste a finger that had been up Melanie's ass not mine. She let me suck for while and then pulled her finger out of my mouth.

"Let's talk, Sabine."

I looked at her, waiting for her to start.

"You say you will do what I want. Is that true?"

"Ah, yes, I guess."

"So, if I had a friend over, you wouldn't mind?"

"No, I would like to meet your friends, Melanie."

Then it dawned on me. Meeting her friends could very well involve me doing something.that I might not enjoy too much.

"Ah, just a second, Melanie. What do you mean by having a friend over? What did you have in mind?"

Melanie giggled. I just looked at her, waiting.

"Well, I thought if I had a friend over that I really knew, we could maybe play some games…."

"I see. And would these games maybe have me naked?"

"Í see where you are going Sabine. Would you mind being naked in front of my friends? Even if some were guys?"

I lowered my eyes and swallowed. I didn't want to say no, but I really didn't want to say yes either. Melanie seemed to understand. 

"We won't do anything that you don't want, Sabine, I promise. All you have to do is say no, and I will stop anything we've started."

I still felt uncomfortable with the entire idea of her inviting people to be with us. I didn't mind her making me be naked with her, but if she had a girl or a guy with us, I wasn't sure about being naked. But, if I was, it would probably make Melanie happy and then I might get some things that I wanted too. It wasn't an easy decision to make.

"Take all the time you want to decide, Sabine. We don't have to do anything right this minute."

Melanie was being very nice to me, not pressuring me at all. 

"I want to ask a question."

"Go ahead."

"If, and that is a big if right now, I agree to having friends of yours around, I am going to end up naked, I know that. Am I expected to have sex with whomever you have over? Are you going to be naked too? Are you expecting me to have sex with you in front of someone?"

"Whoa, that's more than one question. Let's see, will you be naked? Probably. You do sort of like it and I want to do things that you like too, Sabine. Will I be naked too? That one I can't answer right now. Maybe, maybe not. Will I expect you to have sex with someone other than me? I think we'll just see where things take us. Maybe, maybe not again."

"I really don't want to have sex with a guy, Melanie. Even if you might find it exciting to watch, I don't think that is something that I want to do."

"Sabine, I won't ask you to fuck a guy, but maybe something else, like sucking him. That wouldn't be so bad, would it?"

"I'm not sure. You would be with me too? You wouldn't leave me alone with some guy, naked would you?"

"No darling, I wouldn't leave you alone, even with a girl. I don't want anything to happen that we both can't live with. But with a girl, it would be interesting to have you lick her while I am using "John" on you. Doesn't that sound like fun?"

"Oh God, I don't know, Melanie. I'd be embarrassed for sure."

"That's what makes it so much fun, Sabine. I know that you would be embarrassed, probably humiliated, and I love watching your face, the expressions you have. How you look is a big part of the charm with you, darling."

"Would your friends be willing to do stuff? Wouldn't they be embarrassed too?"

I know one girl who probably would love to be with us. Every guy that I know would love to see a naked girl. Does it excite you to know that you would be the reason a guy is hard?"

"Um, yes, sort of, I guess."

Well, we can go slowly, Sabine. Like I said, I won't force you to do anything that you don't want to do. You have to want it too. Not just me."

"I guess that's fair, Melanie. Do you want to do something today? I mean we could try it and see…."

"Are you sure?"

"Yes, I guess so. Oh God, I mean, I don't know…"
