 After that Sunday, things calmed down a little. We had to study for classes quite a bit which kept us from playing very much, although Melanie did make me strip several times, sometimes during the day, which really made me feel slutty but it was also very nice. She'd play with a nipple or my pussy, but just to arouse me, not to have me orgasm. It was another of my fantasies, which she had figured out. She got the chance to play with me and I got the chance to be submissive to her. I did what she told me and even if I wasn't getting an orgasm every time, l loved it.

I really liked her taking charge and being the one who decided what was going to happen, when it was going to happen and how it was going to happen. All of it was a big turn on for me and I think for her also. We didn't talk about it, mostly because I was shy about all of it and couldn't make myself bring it up. I wasn't really sure what Melanie thought, but it must have been good since she kept things going.

Because classes were getting tougher as I mentioned and we had to spend more time on schoolwork and were tired, like I said we didn't play much. She did have me lick her pussy and ass on the weekends though, which I enjoyed immensely. Melanie had to have enjoyed it also since she climaxed every time I licked her. Once each weekend, she got out the suction cup dildo and made me use it in front of her, watching me as I bounced up and down, red faced. It was so humiliating to be doing such a private thing with someone watching. Watching me as I sat on the dlido, seeing how easily it went inside me, seeing my little breasts bounce. I was always naked and she was dressed. That seemed to be a big turn on for her too. Because we had been in school for a while Melanie made some other friends which made me a little jealous. I wanted her for myself. Being as shy as I was and quiet, I didn't make friends as easily as she did.

Those new friendships gave Melanie an idea that she put into use one Saturday night. At dinner she invited several girls to our room just to talk. She also had Erin, who was older than us buy a few bottles of wine, which she had me smuggle into our room. She wasn't going to get caught with liquor on the way in. The girls were supposed to come over around nine and Melanie had time to prepare me. 

Around eight o'clock, she looked at me and told me to stand up. Then she took off all my clothes except for my socks, which I had to remove after everything else was off. I'm sure the look on my face was priceless, as I was getting scared that she was going to make me be naked when the other girls joined us. That wasn't what happened however.

Once I was naked she had me get the toys from her top dresser drawer, the dildo, the anal plug and the lubricant. I had to look pretty unhappy as I carried them to her. Melanie made me stand in front of my desk, bent over with my elbows resting on the top of it. That position showed my pussy and also my anus, which was humiliating for me. She teased my pussy and put her thumb on my anus, rubbing in both places. I liked her rubbing me, even on my anus but she had set everything in front of my face so I had to look at that damn plug while she teased me.

It wasn't long before I was quietly moaning, as I became aroused. I kept looking at my watch, checking the time and getting more and more nervous as the minutes passed, knowing the other girls would be coming over soon. Melanie knew how to push the embarrassment buttons on me.

After fondling me for a while, she picked up the bottle of lubricant and dripped some right on my anus, making me shiver and whimper. I didn't want her to put that thing in there. She rubbed my pussy and pushed her thumb against my anus until my body's natural reactions allowed her to push her thumb inside me. I was beet red. She worked her thumb in and out while stroking my pussy. Then the part I hated came. I watched her other hand come over my shoulder and pick up the plug. My eyes filled with tears as I felt the pointed end of it touch my anus. 

Melanie slowly and insistently pushed it against my ring until I opened up and the first bit of it was inside me. I wanted to scream at her to stop, but my submissive side kept me from doing it. She held it in me, letting my anus adjust to it for a while, then pushed more inside me. It felt huge; going in a place that wasn't intended for penetration. I was gasping and shivering, but silent other than that. She pushed until the largest part of it slipped through my ring and the pressure lessened. The base of the damn plug was between my cheeks and I felt humiliated at how easily I let her do it to me. She took some tissue and wiped up the excess lubricant. Then she had me kneel and lick the suction cup on the dildo. I felt full enough in my ass to make me feel as though I would burst.

When Melanie felt that I had licked it well enough, she stuck it on the middle of my chair's seat and told me to put on a tank top and full skirt. It was pure hell walking to my closet and choosing my clothes. Each step I took made me more aware of that thing inside my ass. It moved as I took steps and pushed against one part of my rectum and then another as I walked. She watched as I put on the top and skirt. Then she took my hand and had me straddle my chair. I was almost crying as she made me sit on the dildo, pulling my pussy lips open and pushing down on my shoulder so I would sit.

I felt the dildo touch my open pussy and then it went up me, making me shudder. When it was up me as far as it would go, my ass on the seat, she arranged my skirt so nothing was showing and smiled at me.

"Now just sit there nicely, Sabine and be nice to our guests."

I wanted to die. She was going to make me sit, stuffed full, while some people I barely knew were going to be with us. And I didn't even like having my ass filled.

"What time is it, Sabine?"

"Urn, ah, uhh, ten to nine, Melanie."

Melanie listened to how breathy my voice was and smirked at me. Then she lifted my top, baring my breasts and nipples and looking in my eyes, she grasped both nipples and pinched and twisted them firmly. I let my head go back and almost forgot about the plug as the pain hit my nipples and seemed to radiate out from them. I closed my eyes, sucking air in through my mouth as she tormented my nipples, making them heat up by pinching them. She kept that up until they erected and were almost feeling as though they were burned. Then she let go and watched as the tingling centered on each nipple. Smirking, she pulled my top down. My nipples stuck out so much!

I sat on my chair, shivering. There was a knock on our door and I closed my eyes, thinking of what she was doing to me and how much more she could embarrass and shame me. Melanie got up and opened the door. Two of her friends walked inside, greeting both of us. They knew me but not well. I managed to say hello without my voice breaking. In a little while another two girls arrived, that was it, just four of them. Melanie sat next to me on her chair and the girls sat on our beds. They talked and giggled and I sat, silently. Every now and then I squirmed unconsciously and had to stifle a gasp as both the dildo and plug moved inside me. I felt so uncomfortable and humiliated! Even if the other girls didn't know, Melanie did. And I was still afraid she was going to have me get up or something, maybe lift my skirt in front so they could see the dildo sticking in me. I was in a constant state of shame and fear the entire time the girls were in our room. 

Melanie opened the wine and hid it behind my bed after pouring some for each of us. I didn't want any, but the look she gave me made me take it and give her a sickly smile. When she discovered that I wasn't drinking it she just said my name, once, and gave me another look. I drank the whole glass down at once. Melanie then refilled my glass, smiling at me. I made an effort to drink a little at a time so she wouldn't get angry with me and make me do anything more than she already had.

I'm sure her friends thought I was a dweeb or a nerd, because I just sat, grimacing now and again and didn't say much of anything. Melanie made sure I got my share of the wine. We were all tipsy when she told her friends that we needed to get to bed. They finished the last of the wine they had, thanked us both and left. 

As soon as the door closed behind the last one I groaned out loud.

"Something wrong Sabine?"

"Melanie, please let me get up, please…"

"Certainly you can, Sabine, but first I think you should take off your clothes."

I whimpered as I bent over to remove my shoes, feeling both things shifting inside me. My socks came off next and I straightened back up, groaning as the two phallus's moved again with me. My top was pulled over my head and tossed on the floor. I sat, shivering as I tried to think of how to get my skirt off without getting up. The light finally went on and I unbuttoned it and lowered the zipper and then pulled it up and over my head. It hit the floor next to my top. I looked up and Melanie nodded. I grasped the arms of my chair and lifting and pushed myself up, I felt the dildo slowly slide out of my pussy. I looked down at it after I was standing, and it looked so ominous, black, shining with my juice and oh so big. I still had the plug in my ass. 

"Melanie, please take it out, I don't like it."

"In a little while."

I hadn't noticed that while I was stripping she had gotten the handcuffs that she had purchased but we had not used. Yet. I felt that was about to change and I was right. She led me to my bed and pulled down the blanket and top sheet. Then she pushed me onto it and had me get on my hands and knees. Melanie then cuffed my wrists and ankles to the bed so I couldn't move very much. She walked out of my sight for a few moments. 

When she came back, she got on the bed behind me and between my legs. I shivered, not being able to see her. Then I felt something hard and cool between my legs and then at the entrance to my pussy. Melanie let it sit there for a moment or two and then pushed it into me hard, making me screech a little. She fucked me for a bit, then took hold of my breasts and squeezed and pulled back on them. My whole body moved back as she pulled backwards and I felt the dildo slide up me. Then she pulled my breasts toward the head of my bed and my body followed, the dildo leaving me, mostly. The head was still inside me. She did this several times, making me move my body.

"Do you have the idea now, Sabine?"

I groaned. 

"Move your ass, Sabine."

I began to move my ass backwards and forwards as she knelt behind me, fucking myself on the dildo. 

"Good girl."

She let me do that for a while, arousing me. Then I felt her fingers at the base of the plug and almost began to cry to with joy. It was going to come out! And it did, but she pulled her hips back, sliding the dildo out of my pussy.

"Now, darling, let's try something new."

She pushed down on my ass a little, making me lower it and I felt the dildo slide across the skin between my pussy and anus. She lodged it right at my asshole and slowly pushed just a little bit inside me. 

"Now let's see that cute little ass move again, Sabine."

I pulled forward and Melanie chuckled. She reached under me and grasped my breasts again, pulling back and my body followed, but the dildo had come out and slid between my cheeks. She held one breast tightly and adjusted the dildo, then her hips came forward and I gasped as it slid into my ass, deeper than before.

"Nice try, Sabine, but not what I wanted. Let's try that again."

She had both breasts again and squeezed hard and pulled back. I moaned but couldn't help moving back, feeling the dildo slide up my ass until her tummy was pressed to my ass, the dildo buried inside my rectum.

"Now be a good girl and move your ass again."

I whimpered and started to do what she wanted, what she had told me to do. My ass moved back and forth and I fucked myself up the ass for her. She took one hand and gripped some of my hair, pulling my head up and the other hand went under me and stroked my pussy, making me whimper louder as I pumped my ass back and forth, fucking. Fucking my ass for her, just as she wanted.

She stroked and rubbed me and although I never forgot that the dildo was up my ass, it didn't feel as bad. I mindlessly pumped my ass back and forth, moaning and whimpering softly, my fingers clenched as tight I could get them, feeling so good in my pussy and so bad in my ass. It wasn't very long with her stroking me that I was close to exploding, tensing up and sucking in air every time I moved my ass backwards. Melanie knew I was close and rubbed my pussy faster and started pumping forwards as I moved backwards. Our bodies slapped together, making a smacking sound, over and over until I tensed, went rigid and screeched out loud as my orgasm hit me.

Keening out loud, I kept driving my ass back onto the dildo. Melanie put one hand over my mouth to muffle my cries and slammed into me hard over and over. I felt the clenching inside me, my pussy and my ass clamping down. I was quivering and babbling mindlessly against her hand over my mouth. God it felt so good to come, even with the dildo up my ass. I almost passed out. I know that I didn't know where I was for a few seconds. When my spasms slowed, Melanie slowly pulled out of my ass. Then she flipped me over to my back, my arms twisted over my head. My legs twisted painfully also. She crawled up my body and sat on my breasts. Then she lifted my head up by my hair, making tears come to my eyes; I blearily looked up at her, the dildo filling my sight.

"Suck, Sabine."

In the state I was in, I didn't think, just opened my mouth and Melanie fed the dildo in. Then I realized what I was doing and where it had been and started to struggle. Melanie just held my head until I realized that there was nothing I could do. Tears streamed out of my eyes. How could she do this to me? She sat, smiling at me, my face, my mouth stuffed with dirty cock. She didn't move back and I finally gave up and began to suck the cock that had been up my asshole. Melanie smiled once more and softly and gently began to stroke my cheek as I sucked. Sabine, the little slave girl gave Melanie what she wanted once more.

I sucked the dildo until she was satisfied with that part of my humiliation. Then Melanie stood up and picked up what clothes she had taken off and went into our bathroom to dress, leaving me handcuffed and naked on my bed. She came back, dressed, of course and sat next to me. She pinched and twisted my nipples, making me gasp and wriggle. They were so hard!

"I need to get something for these, Sabine, you want something for them, don't you?"

I just lay there, gasping and quivering as she tormented my nipples. It hurt, but as I said before, it was a good hurt, one that sent shocks down my body to my pussy. Even after just having an explosive orgasm, my body was heating up fast once more. Melanie watched my face as she tormented me. She saw it grimace when she pinched me especially hard and then my mouth open, whimpering, when she caressed my nipples.

"Do you want to try something new, darling?"

I opened my eyes and looked at her. She had a smile on her face. I had to look horrible. My hair was mussed and sweaty. I smelled of sex. My nipples were hot and red and sticking out like short metal rods. I had beads of sweat between my breasts and some trickling down my sides. I looked at her. I wanted her to be happy with me. I nodded. Melanie smiled at me.

"Close your eyes, darling."

I wanted to watch what she was going to do, but I obediently closed my eyes. She rubbed my tummy, making me shiver and almost purr. She gently pushed my legs open, as wide she could get them with me twisted up and cuffed by my ankles. Then a hot white light exploded in my head and my eyes popped open, my mouth open, screaming, as she slapped me hard, right on my pussy.

"Shhhhh, darling."

"Oh God, Melanie, don't, don't, it hurts…."

"It isn't that bad is it, darling?"

She rubbed my pussy softly and insistently, making me moan. She knew how to push my buttons. I was soon wriggling under her hand, panting.

"Do you like it when I do this to you?"

I nodded between gasps. God, she knew how to get to me! Her hand lifted up leaving my pussy tingling and alone.

"Do you want me to rub some more on your cunt darling?"

"Y-y-y-yes, M-M-Melanie. Please…."

"What do I get to do in exchange for rubbing you nicely?"

I shivered. I knew she wanted me to tell her she could slap my pussy if she would rub it for me. I didn't want to, it hurt. She ran a finger over my lips, teasing me. I closed my eyes and lifted my ass up, trying to press on her finger. She chuckled and removed it, leaving me frustrated. I still said nothing. When my ass lowered, her finger was back, teasing me some more. I couldn't stand it.

"Please Melanie…"

"Please what darling?"

"Please slap my pussy."

"Tonight it isn't a pussy, darling. Tell me again."

"Oh God, Melanie, please slap my cunt, please…."

"Are you sure, Sabine, darling. I don't want to do anything you don't want…."

"Please Melanie, please…."

"Well, if you insist, darling, but we need to do something about the noise first. Tell me where the panties are that you have worn."

I didn't understand, fully.

"What Melanie?"

"Tell me where your dirty panties are, darling."

"In my hamper."

She got up and walked into the bathroom where our dirty clothes hampers were. She came back in few moments, holding a pair of my panties, dangling from a finger. She sat down again.

"Open."

I shuddered. I opened my mouth and she pushed the pair of my soiled underpants into my mouth. I felt so humiliated! But I didn't say or do anything but let her push them in. When they were mostly in my mouth, just a little hanging out, she smiled at me.

"Close your mouth and bite down, darling.

My mouth closed and I bit down on my panties, tasting myself on them, feeling a rush of humiliation as Melanie smiled at me. I saw her right hand lift up over my pussy and closed my eyes. I my hips jerked up and I screamed into my panties as she hit me, right on the pussy, hard. When my stiffened body relaxed and slumped on my bed, she gently rubbed me. She rubbed until my hips lifted, then stopped touching me. I pushed up, seeking her hand, but not finding it. My hips lowered to the bed again. Then, a few seconds later, I jerked and twisted, screaming into my now spit soaked panties as she slapped my pussy again.

"I can see we are going to have to do something about your twisting about, darling."

She undid the cuff from my bed on one leg, then pulled it over until my knee was over the side of the bed. Then she pulled my ankle back towards my head. I watched her, moaning, feeling the heat in my pussy. She fiddled about and then I heard a click. I tried to pull my leg up, but she had cuffed it below the frame, pulled back. She crawled over me and undid the other cuff, doing the same to that leg, so I was spread with my feet under my ass, but separated by the mattress.

"Now, where were we? Ah yes, I remember now."

She smacked me right on the pussy again, making me screech and jerk. Then she softly rubbed my clitoris. I had tears leaking from my eyes, and trickling down my cheeks. My vision was blurred from them. I felt her fingers leave me and then shrieked again as she smacked my pussy once more. I felt the heat building up, the tingling after she smacked me. I wanted her to stop; I wanted her to keep on. It felt good after a few moments but when she smacked me, it hurt and burned. Melanie's soft hand cupped my pussy and stroked me.

"Is it nice, darling?"

Y-y-yes."

"Do you want some more?"

"Y-y-yes."
