 It was Sunday morning, the day after Melanie had faced down Ms. Wilson and I was in bed with her. I was naked and she had on a nightgown, something she must have put on after I had fallen asleep last night. I went to move and groaned as the pains from Melanie beating me came to life.

Melanie was awake instantly.

"Sabine, are you all right, darling?"

"Yes, I just hurt a little, Melanie."

"Oh God, I knew it wasn't a good idea to flog you after that bitch was here. I am sorry, darling."

"Don't be Melanie. It was good for you and that is all that matters."

She sat up and pulled down the blanket and sheet. I looked down my body, seeing red lines on my skin from the flogging...lines from the stray strands that didn't stay with the mass of them. My nipples were the worst. Red and swollen, erect without being aroused. I closed my eyes; I didn't want to see. Melanie got up and left, returning shortly with the lotion which she gently smoothed into my skin. Even as gentle as she was, I still whimpered, gasping at times when she touched a very sensitive spot. She wanted me to roll over but I couldn't bear the thought of my nipples touching anything, so I slowly swung my feet out and stood, sucking in air as my body changed position.

I felt her hands at my back, gently rubbing more lotion into my skin and then she touched my ass. I jerked with a gasp. I knew she was being good to me so I pushed my ass back and bit my lip. She drizzled lotion on my ass and oh so gently rubbed it in there too. I had tears leaking out of my eyes before she was done. My ass still felt as though a fire had been started in it and burned down to the coals. I was mostly all right until I had to move or was touched. Then the hurt increased. I wanted to sit down and bawl, but I didn't want her to know how much it really hurt so I didn't. I wiped my eyes. Don't cry, Sabine, I told myself, don't cry.

"Can you lie down, darling?"

I took halting steps to my little bed and watched Melanie hurry up beside me, pulling down my cover and sheet. She helped me down and watched me lay on my side. I closed my eyes and concentrated on my breathing. 

"Tell me you are all right, please, Sabine?"

"I'm fine, Melanie. Just a little more than I expected."

"Don't try to be brave, Sabine."

"I'm not, really I am not. I just need to rest for a bit."

I opened my eyes, seeing the concerned look on her face."

"It isn't your fault Melanie. I asked for this, remember?"

"I'll be here if you need anything, Sabine, just ask OK?"

I nodded and closed my eyes, feeling her hand stroke my hair back. I sensed her leaving my side and let my mind go. Thinking of nothing I dozed off and on, hearing her moving in the room but I had no desire to see what she was doing. All I wanted was to get the hurt out so I wouldn't concern her any more than I had already. And rest would do that, rest and not moving any more than I had to move.

I vegetated most of the day, not caring if I ate. Melanie brought me water from our little fridge so I had something to drink. She wanted to hold it for me, but I told her again that I was fine, that she should study or do whatever. When I had to pee, I knew she would be watching me, so I put a smile on my face and got out of bed. I know I didn't leap up, but I stood as good as I could and walked slowly to the bathroom. She watched me carefully. I smiled at her.

"See, almost as good as new, Melanie."

She followed me into the bathroom and watched me sit down on the toilet.

"Melanie, for goodness sake, I am fine, really."

She ignored me and waited until I was done peeing. Then she took the paper from my hand and wiped my pussy for me. She helped me stand and walked with me back to my bed. I touched her cheek, so happy at the concern she showed for me. I leaned forward and kissed her.

"Thank you, Melanie."

I lay back down. I closed my eyes again. I heard her move away and I sighed. I wanted her to be Melanie. The woman who liked to smack me, not a nurse for me. I needed to talk to her. But maybe tomorrow would be soon enough. 

I made her go out and get some lunch. She brought back a sandwich and some chips for me, which I was grateful for. She watched me eat and cleaned up after me. God, this was getting ridiculous! We needed to talk, now.

I got up and walked to the couch where she was. I sat down.

"Look, Melanie, I don't want you like this. This is not you. I won't have it."

"But, Sabine..."

"No buts, Melanie. You've told me what you like, what you want. I want you to have it, but I can't if you are going to be like this afterwards. Yes, it probably wasn't a good idea last night when you were angry. But that is over, I am fine. I want to give you what you desire. We just won't go ahead if you are angry, OK? At least not everytime. I want the Melanie who found what I wanted. That's you, my darling. You don't have to hold back anything. I want this as much as you do, darling."

She didn't argue with me, thankfully. I really wanted her to be herself.

Over the next few days, the first two when I didn't go to class at all, we talked. We talked about spankings and paddling and flogging, how they could be for pleasure and punishment both. I told her that I wanted the pleasure definitely, but that if she felt I needed to be punished that I was fine with that also. I even went out the second day and found a room, unlocked, close to ours that would be the punishment room for when I was bad or did something wrong. I told her about it, showed her and told her that I expected her to use it, if she thought it was necessary. I told her that she was to set the rules. It was a learning experience for both of us. She was domme, but learning, I was submissive and learning. We spent time on the Internet viewing sites of dominants, reading about things and learning. A good one is on the Literotica bulletin board for those of you who are interested.

Over the next few days Melanie began to be her old self which I was so grateful for. I needed her as she was and she started to be her old self again. She even made me strip again and teased me unmercifully, fingering my pussy and pinching and twisting my nipples until I was whimpering out loud. I loved her for it. When I was so close to coming, she knew and stopped and I wanted to cry, I was so happy. This was the woman I needed and wanted.

Once my aches and pains had mostly disappeared I decided to be naughty. I had two days when my classes were over before hers. I hurried back to our room and stripped naked. I went into the closet and got the paddle and flogger, the handcuffs and from her dresser the harness with her favorite dildo attached. I even took out the anal plug. I lubricated my ass, sticking first one then two fingers inside even if I didn't like it and then I laid each item on the rug in front of the couch. Then I got down on my knees and lowered my head to the floor. I waited, excited, listening for her. When I heard her coming I reached back and spread my ass open for her. The door opened and there was silence behind me, then a chuckle.

"You little slut, Sabine!"

Melanie shut the door, locked it and walked in front of me and lifted my head up by my hair. She looked into my eyes and I opened my heart to her. I let her see inside me again. She saw who I was inside me. I saw my Melanie come back to me, the Melanie I wanted. She didn't say a word, but moved behind me and pulled my arms back cuffing them together. I was in heaven. I closed my eyes and waited. I wasn't disappointed. She paddled me with love, heating my ass so nicely, then she flogged my back and ass until it was hot and red. Then she left me, kneeling, and ass up. I heard the rustling of clothes and then she was between my legs.

"I shouldn't ask you slut, but where do you want to be fucked?"

"Wherever you wish, Melanie."

I gasped as she slammed the dildo up my ass and I whimpered softly. It hurt but it was what she wanted. I had her back, oh God, I had her back! 


"Where is my cock, you slut?"

"In my ass, Melanie."

"Does it feel good, slut?"

"Yes, Melanie, I want you in my ass."

She pulled my head up by my hair, making me arch my back and fucked me hard, her hips pummeling my ass, the cock up my ass. I was gasping at how hard she fucked me, but it was good, even with the little bit of hurt I felt. She fucked me, fucked me so good and then without teasing me she pulled out. I heard her pulling down the harness and she rolled me over, not removing the cuffs. I was uncomfortable, with my arms cuffed behind my back and lying on them but I saw her naked, standing over me. Then she knelt over my head and lowered onto my face. I began to lick her pussy, frantically, wanting her to come so badly. I licked and kissed her pussy; it had been almost two weeks, too long. She let me lick and then she lifted up, turned to face the other way and settled her ass on my face. I wanted to cry from happiness. I licked and kissed her anus as she pinched and twisted and pulled on my nipples. Then she sat back, my nose in her crack and rubbed her clitoris as I licked her ass. She rubbed until she exploded in orgasm, working her hips back and forth on my face, me licking and kissing her. It was wonderful! When she was through coming she lifted up and stood over me.

"You understand that this is not acceptable behavior, don't you, slut?"

My mouth was dry. I nodded.

"Speak up, slut."

"Yes, Melanie, I understand. I was bad."

"And bad girls...?"

"Bad girls are punished."

"Yes they are, but I have to think of a deserving punishment for you. So it won't be right away, slut, but I will tell you when. You can wait for it."

"Yes, Melanie, thank you."

"Don't sound so pleased with yourself, slut. You may not like it at all."

"Yes, Melanie."

She made me wait for three days, which wasn't really fair, but I deserved it for doing what I did. I was a knot of anticipation for the entire three days. When she came into our room with a small bag and a smile on her face I knew it was time. Melanie went into the closet and came out with the paddle and a set of cuffs.

"Strip."

I silently took of all my clothes. As soon as I was naked, she grabbed part of my hair and pulled me to the door. She opened it and dragged me out, naked, in the hallway and pulled me to the punishment room. I was breathing hard, scared that someone would see me, but oh so excited. The room was as I had found it, one bed with a metal footboard and dusty. My hands were cuffed to it, so I was bent over. Then I found out what was in the bag. Melanie fastened a clothespin to each nipple, after rolling them between her thumb and forefinger, making them erect. My breath hissed between my lips as she fastened the first. I whimpered as the second clamped down on my nipple. She roughly kicked my feet apart and knelt behind me. My left pussy lip was pulled out and down and I gasped as another clothespin was clamped on it. Then a second and a third. My right pussy lip was pulled out and down and I gasped as she fastened clothespins to that lip also.

"How may do you deserve, slut?"

"As many as you think I deserve, Melanie."

I was squirming as she chuckled behind me.

"I won't make you count this time, slut."

I heard the soft hissing noise of the paddle and gasped as my right cheek flamed. She beat me, beat me good, heating my ass and I loved her for it. Loved her until she stopped.

"Let's see how the clothespins fare, shall we."

I was panting, feeling the heat off my ass, and didn't understand until the paddle came up between my legs, smacking my pussy and the clothespins. I yelped as I was hit and one of them sprung off. Then my eyes opened wide as feeling came back and my ass went down, pumping up and down, frantically trying to cool the burning as blood flowed back into my pussy lip.

"Stand up, slut."

I whimpered as I struggled back up, knees straight.

"Just five more to go, slut. Stay up, don't bend."

I steeled myself and bit my lower lip and then she slapped up again. I went up on my tiptoes, moaning and felt two more snap off my pussy lips, then I sucked in air, my eyes watering as blood flowed into them. 

"Ah God, oh fuck, Melanie."

She slapped up again and one more popped off, my pussy burning. My legs bent inwards at each knee, my breathing ragged and harsh. Another slap up and one more sprung loose. Tears were now running down my cheeks. I felt as though I was suffocating, I couldn't catch my breath. Another slap and the last popped off, leaving my pussy on fire. I was twisting back and forth, panting as Melanie uncuffed me from the bed. She jerked me upright and turned me to face her.

"Not so smug now are you?"

My dry mouth didn't go with words; my tear streaked face shook back and forth no.

"Hands behind your head."

I clasped my hands behind my head and closed my eyes. I heard the soft hiss and my left breast and nipple caught fire. I heard the clothespin snap as it popped off my nipple and it snapped closed. I sucked in air as my nipple started to burn. My tears still flowed. Another hiss, another smack, this time to my right breast and the clothespin flew off, my nipple catching on fire. 

"Get down on your knees and find the clothespins. Then come back to the room."

Melanie turned and walked out, leaving me naked, skin burning. I hurriedly knelt and wiped my eyes, blinking out tears as I did. I crawled around on the floor, panicking as I was having trouble finding all the clothespins. I finally found the last two under the bed and whimpered, as I had to lie in the dust and drag my nipples across the wood floor to reach them. I clutched them in my hands and dashed out of the room, running for the door to our room. I didn't want to be caught by anyone, looking as I did. My pussy felt swollen, my nipples were hard and red, my ass reddened also. Dust and dirt was smeared on my body I twisted the doorknob. Fuck, it didn't open! I panicked.

"M-m-melanie....."

Nothing.

"M-m-melanie..."

"Who is it?"

"I-I-it's y-your s-s-slut."

She opened the door, blocking my way in. 

"Are you happy now, slut?"

I stood in the hallway, naked. I was trembling.

"N-n-n-no."

"Did you get what you deserved?"

"Y-y-yes."

"Do you want to come in?"

"Y-y-yes."

It certainly hadn't been long that I was standing naked in the hallway but it felt like forever. Melanie stepped back and I scurried inside. 

"Put the clothespins in my top drawer and bring me the strapon, slut."

I stumbled over to her dresser and opened the drawer, carefully putting the clothespins in it, and picking up the strapon. I scurried back to her, handing her the strapon and lowering my eyes. I was shivering and shaking.

"Down on your back, feet at your ass, knees spread out."

I dropped to the rug and pulled my feet up, letting my knees fall open. Melanie stripped off her pants and pulled the strapon over her panties, then knelt between my legs.

"Cunt or ass, slut?"

"Whatever you feel is right, Melanie."

"Good girl."

I gasped as the strapon slammed into my pussy and Melanie fucked me good, my sore ass rubbing on the rug as she slammed in and out. She wasn't gentle, it wasn't making love, it was a fucking. I balled my hands into fists and whimpered as my ass slid on the rug, adding more heat to my skin.

"Do you like my cock in your cunt, slut?"

"Y-y-yes."

"What do you say, cunt?"

"Th-th-thank you f-f-for fucking m-m-me, Melanie."

She fucked me so good; I was panting in no time. She lifted up slightly and thrust a hand down between us. I moaned as her fingers found my clitoris and she began to rub me. The dildo pistoned in and out of my pussy, my hot, red pussy and her fingers rubbed me so good. It wasn't long and my arms were around her, my mouth open, keening in pleasure as I came. She slowed her hips and then pulled out of me, leaving me empty but oh so satisfied. Melanie stood up and went to sit on the couch. I got to my hands and knees and crawled to her, sucking her cock clean of my juices. Then I knelt up, watching her. She smiled at me and pulled the strapon off, then her panties. With love in my heart I bent forward and licked and kissed her pussy. I licked each lip, kissing them all over. I sucked her clitoris into my mouth. I ran my tongue between her lips. I stuck it into her pussy as far as I could. I felt her hands on my head, stroking me, holding me, just like she used to do. I held her hips and licked and kissed her until she stiffened. Then she exploded, just as I had, humping her pussy on my face, almost making me black out from not being able to breathe. She gasped and twitched and jerked until she finally slumped back and I kissed her lovingly. I laid my head on her thigh and smiled happily, even if my ass was on fire and my nipples and pussy were tingling painfully. I was so happy, so content. I looked up at her.

"Melanie, I am so glad to have you back."

She smiled at me, not a smirk, a smile.

"Are you sure, Sabine, my darling girl?"

"Yes, Melanie, I am positive. This is what I want, you are who I want, who I love."

"Things may change a little darling, nothing that you can't handle, but they may change."

"Whatever you want, Melanie, my love, whatever you want."

It was a lost evening but a wonderful one. Melanie allowed me to undress her completely and we laid on her bed, holding each other, kissing and staring into each other's eyes. We didn't even go to dinner that night. Much later I slid between her legs and licked her to another orgasm, not as strong as the first that afternoon, but it was good, it was all good. She pulled me up and kissed me. I snuggled down on her shoulder and almost purred like a kitten. I was happy and content. I think she was also. I heard no complaints. I had her back, I had my love back and I was so happy. We fell asleep in each other's arms, naked in her bed.

I woke up first and just moved back a little so I could see Melanie's face and watch her as she slept. I didn't touch her at all, I just watched, so happy. I still didn't understand how someone as lovely as she was could want me. My back hurt a little and I realized that I had to have rug burns on it from sliding on the rug as she had fucked me yesterday. I would have to check later. Right now I only wanted to watch her.

Melanie finally woke up. We both had missed our first class and she was upset. I apologized for not waking her but told her that she was so peaceful that I couldn't bear to wake her. I was told that I would get off this time, but not again. She made me get up and run a bath for her since her next class was in the afternoon. I did and had to take a shower since mine was in the morning and she wouldn't let me miss another. So I didn't even get to bathe her which got me pouting, which got me a look, which got me in the shower where she couldn't see my face. I washed quickly and was out before she was done so I could help her out of the tub and dry her off. I tried to kiss her pussy but she smacked me and told me to get dressed and off to my class. I heard a gasp when I turned so she could see my back. She quickly stopped me and put lotion on my back and then taped some gauze in two places. I dressed and hurried off.

It wasn't until later that afternoon that we were together.

"Take off your top and bra."

I stripped them off. She peeled the gauze off and touched me. I sucked in a breath. 

"It's raw, darling. Let me put some more cream on it."

I stood, naked to the waist and Melanie put some cream on the abrasions. Then fresh gauze was taped on me.

"I didn't intend that Sabine."

"Don't say you are sorry, Melanie. It happened, it's over, I'll live."

"Maybe hands and knees the next time."

"The next time?"

She laughed.

"You don't think you won't get punished again, darling?"
