 Editor's note: this story contains scenes of incest or incest content.

Summary: Straight bride-to-be explores her lesbian desires.

Thanks to: Tex Beethoven, Robert and Wayne for editing.

Note 1: This is the long-awaited sequel to 2014's Accidental Gangbang (which was supposed to be a stand-alone story, but after over a million reads and lots of requests, I went back and re-read the rather short and simple original story (which was re-edited in March 2018).

This next story begins the next morning. Reading part one isn't mandatory for reading this part, but of course it won't hurt.

Note 2: In Accidental Gangbang, a bride-to-be named Clarissa decides to give her virgin ass to her fiancé Dwayne as an early wedding gift to thank him for being so patient when she became Bridezilla. Her slutty bisexual friend Amy helps hide her in a large Christmas gift box with holes at both ends. Unfortunately for her plan (but perhaps fortunately for her sexual awakening), her fiancé's friends unexpectedly show up for his Bachelor Party, and in order to remain anonymous she finds herself sucking cock and getting fucked by all the men (including her father-in-law-to-be and even her own oblivious father). The only man not to use the anonymous slut-in-a-box was her fiancé... demonstrating that he was a man of loyalty and character.

Her buzzing phone in the next room alerts Dwayne who the slut-in-a-box is, and after he rushes everyone out, he opens the box. After tearfully explaining everything, and to her great surprise finding he's not angry with her, Clarissa finally succeeds in giving her virgin ass to her fiancé, and then gets double penetrated for the first time as well, when the best man walks in on them to retrieve his wallet, and he too learns the truth about who the boxed slut had been.

And now... the morning after...

Accidental Gangbang: A Lez Munchfest

The morning after is always night and day... literally.

As I woke up and opened my eyes, the sun shining through the window, I stretched my arms and bumped my elbows into sleeping bodies on each side of me.

Startled, I was instantly wide awake even without my morning java, as I sat straight up and looked on either side of myself. I was the filling in a man sandwich!

On one side in his usual spot was my fiancé, Dwayne; on the other side though, was my fiancé's best friend Joey.

Fuck! Last night came rushing back to me.

I'd been the focus of a marathon gangbang where two of my holes had been used by all the men at my husband's bachelor party.

I'd even gotten fucked by my father-in-law-to-be.

Worse yet, I'd even sucked my own oblivious dad and swallowed his cum!

The good news was that during the shocking turn of events (which had begun with my trying to give my fiancé a special pre-wedding anal deflowering for being such a bridezilla during the last while) I'd been hidden in a box with holes at both ends to give easy access to 'my holes', and it had hidden who I was.

My phone buzzing, and a message from my best friend asking how the surprise had gone had alerted my fiancé to my identity and explained why none of his friends had taken credit for putting the slut in the box.

He quickly got rid of all the guys and after I fearfully explained my plan, he amazed me by not being mad, and even smiling at the crazy misunderstanding, and the fact his future wife had sucked or fucked (or both) all of his friends, plus both of our dads. He finally fucked me (having been incredibly faithful and refusing to plunder the mysterious slut in the box).

We were in the middle of our belated wild anal fuck session when our door opened and Joey, his best man, walked in on us and realized I must have been the one who'd been so slutty in the box.

I should have been mortified, but after an evening of dignity-erasing submission, enhanced by overhearing how all his friends thought I was both a prude and a bitch, I ordered him to join us for my first ever DP, and Dwayne, loving the sexy new me, was happy to go along with it.

Eventually we three ended up in my bed for one nightcap fuck before I passed out from both exhaustion and a pleasure apocalypse.

Which leads me back to now.

Fuck!

 

Now what?

Last night there had been no talk about the morning after, just a 'hole' lot of two cocks exploring my three holes.

This reminiscing should have mortified me, and it did. Yet it also made my cunt wet, since last night had awakened me to what kind of pleasure a newly adventurous woman can really have.

Even though while I was in the box, I was shit scared of being outed, servicing so many cocks had awakened me to the thrills of licentious pleasure.

Hearing the dirty talk (I'd been completely silent throughout) had enhanced my pleasure.

Two cocks at once, one in each end, had enhanced my pleasure.

Finally being ass fucked by my fiancé had enhanced my pleasure.

The double penetration with Dwayne and Joey later on had enhanced my pleasure.

And the combination of all these had given me the most intense orgasms I'd ever had.

Plural. Lots of them had overshadowed any of my previous ones!

Not ready to deal with the day after the night, I cautiously slithered out of bed, realizing I was still wearing last night's lingerie.

Thankfully I didn't awaken either of last night's lovers, so I grabbed my robe and went downstairs.

I saw my phone flashing and grabbed it. There were six texts from Amy and a missed call from my mother.

Which reminded me I'd fucked my dad last night. (Well, to be perfectly accurate, he had fucked me, but I couldn't deny that I'd fucked him right back!)

Fuck!

I checked Amy's messages.

The first was the one that had alerted Dwayne to who the slut was in the box.

The rest were:

It must have been amazing.

(It was.)

Is your ass sore?

(Surprisingly it wasn't.)

Hello?

Those were from last night.

This morning there were two more.

How was last night?

I'm on my way over!

Fuck! That message was sent twenty-five minutes ago.

 

She'll be here any minute.

I was dialing her number to tell her not to come, when the doorbell rang.

Fuck!

I hung up and went to the door.

"You're alive," she smiled.

"Somehow," I answered, as she walked in.

As she did, she glanced down and noticed the nylons showing beneath my robe. "Are you still in last night's lingerie?"

"Maybe," I answered.

"It must have been quite the night," she said, walking into the kitchen. Seeing no coffee brewing, she asked, "Did you just wake up?"

"Yeah," I said sheepishly.

"You little slut," she teased, as she started my Keurig machine.

"You don't know the half of it," I foreshadowed, knowing I was going to tell her what happened, since I always told her everything.

"Tell me every detail," she demanded.

"You won't believe it," I warned her. "I still don't believe it."

"Okay, now you're beginning to worry me," she said, her expression changing from intrigue to concern.

"Well for one thing..." I started, enjoying being the storyteller for a change instead of the listener (usually she was the one telling me about some girl she'd seduced... or some guy or guys she'd fucked... some of them really crazy stories... although none of them could compare to what had happened to me last night), "...as we speak, Joey is still in my bed."

"Fuck off," she said, not believing me.

"As is Dwayne," I added, enjoying the shock on her face.

"Now I know you're bullshitting me," she said.

"Go upstairs and look," I taunted her.

"I will," she huffed, leaving the kitchen, not believing me.

I poured us some coffee and she returned, looking stunned, "Okay, they're both up there all right, with a girl-sized space between them. So how the fuck did that happen?"

"And their double-penetrating me isn't even close to the strangest thing that happened last night," I added, drawing out the mystery.

"Okay, just start at the beginning," she demanded.

So I told her the entire story.

Not leaving anything out.

Including the fact my own father had fucked me.

"Holy shit," she said for the umpteenth time once I'd finished, looking at me with a stunned look of disbelief.

"Tell me about it," I said. Telling her the story of my entire night of debauchery had heightened the vividness of its reality, and had gotten me horny again.

"Your tale... which I believe every word of by the way, you couldn't have ever made up shit that crazy ... makes me want to seduce my own mom," she said, and then added, "and your mom, too."

Feeling naughty, I joked, "You'll be seeing mine tonight."

"Mmmmmm," she said, with a look in her eyes that told me she was plotting something nefarious.

"I was kidding," I backpedaled.

"I'm not," she said.

"The plans for tonight's bachelorette party are changing," she announced.

"Please don't," I said, realizing I'd just opened Pandora's Box for Amy. Once she got an idea in her head, it was impossible to stop her.

"On another note, since you're now fucking your friends," she said, "I think it's time for you to learn what real orgasms feel like."

I smirked, "After last night, I know."

"Nope. You don't," she disagreed, "but you will," as she stood up from her chair and crawled under my kitchen table.

"Amy, what are you doing?" I asked, even though it was obvious what she was doing, since she'd just crawled between my legs and spread them apart.

"Showing you what a real orgasm feels like," she answered, as she buried her face in my wet pussy.

I could have stopped her.

I likely should have stopped her.

But after last night, I decided to stop acting like the prude everyone perceived me to be.

Instead, I closed my eyes and allowed my best friend to lick me.

It felt nice. Really nice!

Unlike Dwayne, who just licked me in a constantly similar pattern, Amy was proving herself to be a pussy archeologist. She explored every inch of my pussy, and did so in a slow, methodical order.

She was giving me a major slow burn tease.

She traced my pussy lips with what was probably the tip of her tongue.

She swirled her tongue around my clit without putting any real pressure on it.

She parted my pussy lips and painted my core with wide, brush-like strokes.

She slithered her tongue down and probed my butt... which felt amazing.

She moved back up and traced her tongue up the outside of one pussy lip and back down the other, her hot breath teasing my clit.

Her tongue once again parted my pussy lips, making a few Z-like patterns up and down, making me moan helplessly.

By this time she had me on fire and desperate to come, and I had to bite my lip, trying not to moan loudly... my fiancé was upstairs, after all.

Then she slid a finger inside me.

"Oh fuck," I moaned, this sudden insertion intensifying the pleasure building inside me.

This pleasure was a lot different from getting fucked. It was a slow burn rise, like the slowly increasing bubbling of a volcano that will eventually erupt and spew all over the countryside, but only when it really, really has to.

"Yes, fuck me," I moaned, wanting her to know how good she was making me feel... although I knew she knew... she was a lesbian seductress and a frequent turner of straight girls. (I'd heard all the stories.)

"Get ready for your most intense orgasm ever," she warned, as she suddenly abandoned the slow burn, and now she not only attacked my clit with aggressive lust, but also began tapping me on the inside... directly on my g-spot.

A g-spot I'd thought was a myth until her finger found it and each tap created intense pleasure inside of me, making my right leg twitch uncontrollably like a bitch in heat being scratched in just the right place.

"Oh my God! Oh my God! Oh my God!" I moaned loudly, as in an instant we'd leapt from a meandering Sunday drive into speeding down the highway with the cops chasing us and being left far behind.

"Come for me, my little lez slut," she ordered, tapping furiously as if she were playing a drum solo inside me, while simultaneously devouring my clit.

Maybe it was my slightly submissive nature, maybe it was being called her 'little lez slut', maybe it was my telling her about my night of twisted sexual debauchery, or maybe it was her amazingly experienced tongue... likely it was a mixture of all four, enhanced by the back story of my being curious for a long time about what lesbian sex would be like during years of listening to Amy's tales of lesbian lust and her promise of godlike orgasms.

But I couldn't hold back any longer, and I let out a primal scream that was definitely going to wake up my fiancé and his friend. "Oh my fucking GOD!"

Remorselessly she continued licking as my orgasm gushed out of me and flooded across her face and tongue... and even after last night's intense life altering orgasms, this one beat them all.

I could feel pleasure exploding all over my body.

My head went light.

My toes and fingers tingled.

My legs twitched.

And I felt warmth course entirely through my body.

Amy kept licking, seeming to want to savour every last drop of my cunt cum, as all the energy in my body was usurped.

"Well that was unexpected," I heard a masculine voice say.

My eyes opened to see my fiancé staring at me in only his boxers... which were clearly displaying a tent.

"Oh my God!" I gasped, even as Amy kept licking me.

"I heard you scream that quite a few times in the last several minutes," Dwayne smiled; he then greeted, "Good morning, Amy. I see you're making yourself right at home."

"Dwayne, I'm so sorry," I said, repeating my apology from last night, as I attempted to push Amy away.

"Don't be, it was hot," he reassured me.

"What was hot?" Joey asked, strolling into the kitchen, then stopping dead in his tracks. "Holy shit, this house is like the site of a marathon porn movie."

Amy crawled out from underneath the table and greeted, "Hey, boys."

What was so amazing was her complete lack of modesty or shame, which come to think of it shouldn't have been any surprise at all, since she never gave a fuck what anyone thought of her.

While, I, on the other hand, felt my cheeks burning fiery red from a mixture of orgasmic bliss and complete humiliation.

"Hey," Joey replied on autopilot, completely shell shocked... as was I.

"Enjoy your breakfast?" Dwayne asked Amy, smiling widely. Clearly, he'd been watching for more than a couple of minutes and was more than okay with this.

"A warm homemade breakfast is always delicious," she preened, her lips and face literally glistening... with my cum.

Oh God!

"Breakfast is the most important meal of the day," Joey joked.

"I can enjoy that breakfast twenty-four seven," Amy said wickedly, grabbing me and giving me a wet, aromatic kiss.

Even though I knew I shouldn't melt into it, I did. I returned the kiss eagerly, even though I could taste myself on her lips. It wasn't bad!

After breaking the kiss Amy, always someone to make a dramatic exit, said, "I hate to eat cunt and dash, but I have a bachelorette party to finish planning."

I was worried my burning cheeks might actually burst into flame from the embarrassment and lust consuming me.

Amy sauntered over to my fiancé, squeezed Dwayne's tented cock once, and appraised, "Nice," before promenading out with an exaggerated wiggle.

Joey, being Joey joked, "That was the ultimate dine and dash."

"You should leave now," Dwayne told him bluntly.

"Yeah, yeah, right," Joey nodded, finally noticing the awkwardness of the situation.

"And you don't mention a word of any of this," Dwayne stressed. "Last night or this morning."

"Scout's honour," Joey said, making the three fingers in the air hand gesture.

"You were never a Scout," Dwayne pointed out.

"I promise I won't tell a soul," he said, "except maybe Penthouse."

"Get out," Dwayne reiterated.

"Yeah, yeah," Joey nodded.

A couple minutes later it was just Dwayne and me. I still hadn't budged from my chair, paralyzed by indecision.

Once the door closed, he asked, "May I assume this too is new?"

"Yeah," I replied sheepishly.

"You really are full of surprises lately," he said, his poker face giving me no sign of whether this new me turned him on or if he was preparing to cancel the wedding... although he had told me it was hot a couple minutes earlier.

"I'm surprising myself too," I replied, anxious about what his next words might be.

"Can you do something for me?" he asked.

"Anything," I said and I meant it, although after last night the term 'anything' didn't seem as out there as it had before.

He walked to me, dropped his pyjamas and told me to, "Get me off. Watching you get eaten out was the hottest thing ever."

"Mmmmmm," I purred, massive relief coursing through me as I took his cock in my hand. "Even hotter than when I gave you my back door?"

"I'm a guy who's always wanted to watch a live lesbian show," he said, "so yeah, even hotter than that."

"You've been dying to watch me lez out, have you?" I asked, as I slid my tongue down his shaft.

"It's every guy's dream," he said, as I moved my mouth to his balls.

"Would you like to watch me between Amy's legs licking her shaved snatch?" I asked, sucking a ball into my mouth.

"Fuck, yes," he groaned.

"Or maybe to watch her fuck me with one of her strap-ons?" I added, knowing she'd collected half a dozen of them. She'd shown them off to me often, even pointing out which one she planned to fuck me with one day.

"Jesus, Clarissa," he groaned, as I sucked on his balls while stroking his cock.

"Or maybe a hot 69?" I continued, and as I mentioned each new idea, it immediately became another thing I couldn't wait to do, with or without Dwayne watching.

"You should probably get into a daisy chain with your Mom as well," he teased, as I licked my way back up his shaft.

"You brat," I rebuked before taking his cock into my mouth.

"I'm just saying you shouldn't fuck only one of your parents and not the other," he elaborated, "that's not good equilibrium: it would be like my loving on one of your tits for ages and ignoring the other."

I laughed at that, choking on his cock as I backed off and asked, "Well, Mr. Equal Opportunity: I blew your father's tiny dick last night; are you saying I should also go down on your mother to restore the balance?"

"Hell no, that would be going too far," he laughed, as he slid his cock all the way into my mouth and began seriously face fucking me.

There was no more talking as he pumped in and out of my mouth and I pondered how an accidental gangbang had totally refocussed my life. I said as much a couple of minutes after he'd deposited his load down my throat, "It's hard to believe that my accidental gangbang turned out to be a good thing."

"If you wish to use accurate terminology, it was actually an accidental train," he informed me.

"Train?" I asked, not a term I was familiar with.

"Yeah, when guys just line up to fuck," he said.

"Even if it's both mouth and pussy?" I questioned.

"I think so," he said, then added, "although I'm not really sure anymore."

"Semantics," I shrugged. "In any case, I took a lot of cum in my mouth and my pussy, and now I don't think I'm the same girl anymore."

"True enough," he laughed.

I added, as I stood up, "Although I wasn't triple penetrated."

"Slut," he teased.

"And you love it," I countered, before going to get myself out of last night's lingerie and into a hot shower for the first time since my... what? my accidental gangbang train?
