 I woke up the next morning, still facing Melanie, but she was still facing away from me. I could hear her regular breathing and I knew that she was still asleep. I moved a little and groaned. My ass was so sore and I was stiff from my punishment of last night. I was not exactly happy; Melanie was angry with me, wasn't talking to me or letting me talk with her. Whenever I tried, she told me to Finally Melanie woke up. She rolled over and sat up, looking at me. I wanted to say good morning but the words stuck in my throat. She still did not look happy with me.

"Sabine, you disappointed me last night with your whining and saying no. That's why you were punished, but there is something else for your punishment. First, I don't want you to talk to me until I tell you that you can. Second, you will not sleep in your bed until I feel that you deserve it. I will give you a blanket and you can sleep on the floor. Third, when in our room you will be naked. I do not care if we have company. You will be naked. And that will continue until I have I decided that you have paid enough for embarrassing me in front of those women, especially Ms. Wilson and her friend. Now get up and let me see your ass."

I carefully got out of bed, wincing as I moved and I turned so Melanie could see my ass. She got up and grabbed one of my arms and pulled me to the bathroom. She got the ointment out of her medicine chest and handed it to me. Then she left me alone. I looked in the mirror at a naked girl whose lower lip was trembling and whose eyes were filled with tears. I slowly opened the bottle and rubbed ointment on my sore ass, gasping as I felt welts on it. There were four or five raised lines on my ass that were very tender to touch along with many others not as bad. When I had finished with the ointment, I turned around and looked over my shoulder, whimpering to myself at the reddened lines on my ass and the bruising that was coming out on the sides of my cheeks. I was going to be sore for a while.

I walked back into our room and saw that Melanie had dressed and I just stood there looking at her. She was at her desk and looking out the window. She heard me come in and looked at me. Her mouth was set in a line.

"Sabine, I didn't want to do what I did last night, but you have to learn that I expect you to obey me without any of the crap that went on last night. You did agree that I set the rules for you and the most important one is that you obey. I will not put up with delaying that obedience, ignoring what I tell you to do or begging to not have to do it. If you feel like you can't deal with my rules, tell me now and we will have Ms. Wilson move one of us out of this room. If you say nothing, I will expect obedience. Is that clear? Just nod if you agree."

I stood for a moment, imagining Melanie asking Ms. Wilson to move me to another room. My lip started trembling again and I nodded yes, in agreement.

"Good. I don't know how long your additional punishment will be. I will decide when it is over and we can go back to where we were and nothing will change, other than I hope that you have learned a lesson. This isn't pleasant for me either, Sabine. I did not enjoy it at all and I am not going to be happy until we are back to normal."

I felt terrible that I had caused this to happen to us and I wanted nothing more than to have it be over. I promised Melanie silently that I would be good. She looked at me for a few moments and then turned her back to me and took out a book to study. I stood silently, shuddering inside, barely holding back my sobs and tears. After a while I walked to my desk next to hers and sat down on my chair wincing as my sore ass touched the wooden seat. I took out a book also, but I couldn't read and just stared out the window.

It was a terrible end to the weekend. It was so silent in our room. Usually there was talking and laughter and love. There was none of that today. We didn't go to breakfast, I wasn't hungry anyway, but at lunchtime, Melanie got up and went to our closet. She got a pair of flats and a longish coat and handed them to me. I just looked at her.

"We are going to lunch."

No asking if I wanted to go, no asking if I was hungry, just that we were going. I put on the shoes and the coat. I buttoned it all the way and followed her out of our room, feeling very nervous because I had nothing on but the coat. 

I was sure that everyone we met knew that I was naked under the coat and I was blushing immediately. We went through the line and she followed me to the table I chose, far in a corner. I waited for her to sit down, but she set her tray down and moved behind me. I set mine down and she pushed on my shoulder to make me sit. As I did, Melanie pulled the coat back so I sat on my bare ass. She didn't look to see if anyone was watching, she just did it. I was sure that someone had to see this also and knew I was naked underneath. I was very uncomfortable and tasted nothing that I ate. 

Melanie ate well and drank two bottles of water with her meal. Finally, thankfully we were done and she got up, then I did. We got rid of our trays and walked back and up the stairs to our room. As soon as we were inside, I took everything off and put the things away. 

Melanie led me into the bathroom and made me kneel in the shower, and then she left me there. I knew what was coming, I thought. I was partly right. She left me there for a long time, until my knees were sore from kneeling on the tile. Then she came in dressed in a skirt and blouse but barefoot. She made me sit on my heels and stepped in with me. I tilted my head back as she liked, and waited.

"Good little bitch."

She lifted her skirt in front, no panties, and peed in my face. I opened my mouth as she liked and she peed in it. I felt her hot pee splattering on my face and in my mouth, running down my body like a hot river. It soaked my face, my breasts and belly, finally pooling underneath me.

"I like pissing in your mouth, bitch. Keep it open."

I sat still until she was done and then she made me do something I didn't want at all. She pushed up on my chin and down on the top of my head until my mouth closed, still full of pee. 

All I could do was look at her and shiver. I closed my eyes and I knew what she expected. I swallowed, gagging as it went down. I felt nauseated. But I leaned forward and licked her pussy clean and between her lips too. She just walked out of the bathroom, leaving me still kneeling in a puddle of pee.

As I knelt in the shower feeling sorry for myself and unsure if I could shower or even leave it, I felt my stomach lurch and contract. I covered my mouth with both hands and swallowed and swallowed again, holding it down. I knew I shouldn't make a mess. 

After what seemed forever, Melanie came back and turned on the cold water, rinsing the pee off me and down the drain. I shivered and shook with the cold and waited until she was satisfied that I was clean once more. 

"I like that you are not complaining, slut. Keep it up."

She threw me a towel and left again. I dried off and got out of the shower and walked back into our room. Melanie was at her desk reading. 

I didn't know what to do. I wanted to tell her how sorry I was I but I couldn't speak to her. I knew I couldn't read or study, there was no way I could concentrate on anything. So I finally lay down on the rug between our beds and curled into a ball, hugging myself with arms and cried silently. I would do anything for this to end. I hated it and myself for what I had done to upset her.

Much later in the day the coat and flats came out again and we went to dinner. I was still nervous at just having the coat for clothes but at least I was with her and she paid a little attention to me. At least that was better than what had occurred already today. I ate again, not tasting my food once more and watched Melanie drink water with her meal. I felt sick to my stomach again. 

We returned to our room once again and I was led into the bathroom and made to kneel in the shower once more. This time she came in with me almost immediately and pissed in my face. I wasn't enjoying this at all. We had usually played some before she peed on me, but this time it was part of a punishment and I did not like it. The warmth of her pee was not comforting. She started peeing so fast I was caught by surprise and some got in my eyes, stinging and making tears flow. 

"Open, bitch, I want to see your slut mouth filled with piss again."

I opened my mouth and let her pee in it again. When she finished I looked up at her and she just nodded. I shuddered inside and I swallowed it again, gagging once more. Melanie stood, watching me and I had to cover my mouth again, swallowing and swallowing and swallowing to keep it down. When I was sure I wasn't going to make a mess, I licked her clean once more. She stepped out and the cold water came on again and I shivered. After a bit it was turned off and she helped me up and handed me a towel. She watched me dry myself off and then walked into our room and I followed. This time she sat on the couch and I still didn't know what to do with myself. I knew that reading or trying to study was a lost cause so I finally lay down on the rug between our beds and hugged myself with my arms. 

Melanie left me there. She played some music that I liked which surprised me. I did not expect any consideration at all for me. When it was bedtime Melanie got a blanket for me and covered me, then she got into her nightie and went to bed. I lay awake for a long time before I could go to sleep.

Monday and classes came and I was allowed to shower using warm water and soap. I was allowed a dress for classes and a pair of flats. I felt uncomfortable once more, even more than yesterday, since Melanie was not going to be with me. Of course my nipples showed. And my breasts jiggled and bounced as I walked, making me more self-conscious of not having anything on but the dress. The cool air blowing up between my legs did not help ether. Once I got to my classes and sat down, it wasn't as bad and I finally was able to concentrate on something other than how I felt. I was even more quiet than usual. A couple of people asked if there was something wrong and I forced a smile and shook my head no. 

Monday night for dinner Melanie let me wear the dress instead of the coat, so I didn't look as stupid as I had on Sunday. I was dreading coming back to our room and having her pee on me again and having to swallow it once more, but she didn't do that to me. I was very happy. But I still ended up on the floor, naked, with only a blanket to cover me. 

Tuesday was more of the same. Just a dress to wear and shoes to match so I didn't look stupid. And silence in our room and Melanie ignoring me. I hurt so bad inside it wasn't funny. I would have given anything for this to end and for her to speak to me and tell me I could I speak to her once more. It was horrible.

Wednesday and the same. A warm shower, a dress and shoes and off to class in silence. I was becoming more used to this treatment even though it hurt and when we had returned from dinner and I had stripped, I managed to sit down at my desk and study.

Later that night, while I was still at my desk there was a knock at our door. I immediately tensed up. Melanie went to it and stood in the doorway, quietly talking to whoever it was. Then she stepped back and two of her girlfriends walked in with her. I was totally embarrassed to be sitting naked while they came into our room. Then it got worse.

"Jesus, she IS naked!"

I whimpered softly and buried my face in my hands.

"Why doesn't she get dressed?"

"She can't"

"What do you mean she can't?"

"She's being punished."

"I don't believe this. Punished? For what?"

"She didn't obey properly. I think she will now, though. Sabine, come here."

Feeling my stomach sink to my ankles, I stood up and walked to stand in front of the couch where they were sitting. I was red-faced and shivering. 

"Put your hands behind your head and spread your feet apart."

I did as I was told; closing my eyes and feeling humiliated. Now two more people were finding out about me. 

"Open your eyes."

I did, my lower lip trembling. I looked above them at the wall so I didn't have to see their faces. I was so ashamed.

"This is Amber and Sara, Sabine, say hello to them."

"H-Hello."

"Tell them why you are like this, Sabine."

I-I-I w-w-was di-di-disobedient."

"Have you learned your lesson, Sabine?"

"Y-Y-Yes."

My face was so hot and red it wasn't funny.

"You will not be disobedient again, will you?"

"N-N-No."

"Amber, Sara, this is not to be talked about, do you understand?"

I heard them agree. 

"Sabine kneel down, facing away from us."

I did not want to do that since I still had lines on my ass and the bruises were still noticeable. But I took a deep breath and did as I was told.

"Good God, look at her ass!"

Giggles washed over me, making me even more ashamed as they saw my punished ass. I had to be so scarlet I would light up the room, just from the glow of my face. 

"Sabine, would you like this to be over?"

"Y-Y-Yes."

"Put your head down on the floor and pull your ass open for me."

I shuddered but obeyed. No matter how humiliated I was, I was going to be good. And I was feeling so humiliated right now. Holding my ass open for Melanie while two girls watched also was so nasty, so embarrassing.

"God, I can't believe that she is doing this!"

I could hear the disbelief and excitement in their voices as I knelt, head down, holding my cheeks apart for them. 

"Sabine, a few more things and we can consider your punishment over. Will that make you happy?"

"Y-Y-Yes."

"Spit on one hand, a lot of spit."

Moaning softly I obeyed. My hand was filled with my own spit shortly. 

"Let it drip between your cheeks."

As I obeyed this, I heard giggles again. I felt terrible, so dirty and nasty.

"Use one hand to open them and stick a finger up your ass."

I almost said no, but I couldn't bear the thought of Melanie not talking to me and ignoring me any longer. I reached back and pulled one cheek over and then rubbed my own spit over my anus and then shuddering, I slowly stuck a finger up my asshole. 

"Jesus, she actually did it!"

My face got even hotter if that was possible. I was glad that it was on the rug so no one could see it. My spit had run down and a strand of it was dangling from my pussy. I could feel it, cold and wet there. 

"Stick another finger up your ass, Sabine."

I did as I was told, hoping that soon this humiliation would be over. It wasn't though. Once they got over the shock and excitement of seeing me do what Melanie told me to do, they sat back and talked. I was left with two fingers up my ass. I didn't hear what they were saying but every now and then I did hear them giggling behind me. I was starting to stiffen up when they finally got up to leave.

"Nothing is said to anyone."

Amber and Sara agreed, giggling once more and they left our room. I still knelt with my head down on the rug and two fingers in my ass. I would not move or remove them until Melanie told me I could. My legs were shaking from being in this position for so long. 

I heard Melanie at her dresser, clothes rustling and then she was behind me. 

"You were a good girl tonight, Sabine. Move your knees further apart."

I did as I was told and Melanie thrust her strapon up my pussy. I moaned softly. She grabbed my hair and pulled me up, making my back arch and then pulled and pinched my nipples. My breath hissed out from the pain of her pulling my hair. She slowly and gently thrust in and out of me. I was in heaven! Melanie fucked me for a while, tormenting my nipples, making me shudder. Then she moved her hand down and teased my clitoris as she fucked me. 

"Is this nice, darling?"

"Yes."

"Where is my cock, darling?"

"It's in my cunt, fucking me."

"Do you like my cock up your cunt, darling?"

"Yes."

As she talked dirty to me I kept getting hotter and hotter. I loved this, being talked dirty to and Melanie fucking me. She kept rubbing my clitoris until I couldn't help myself and I had a small orgasm, whimpering and moaning as she kept fucking me through it. Melanie stopped rubbing me and slowly fucked in and out of my pussy.

"Is there anything else that would be nice, darling?"

I wanted to make her happy with me, so I leaned forward until her cock left my pussy gaping open. I reached back and placed the head at my asshole and then I pushed back, gasping softly as I felt it slide up my ass. I clutched the rug under me with both hands and rocked back and forth, fucking my ass for her. Melanie reached down and stroked my hair as I did. I felt so happy it wasn't even believable. I moved my ass back and forth until Melanie began to fuck my ass, hearing her breathing coming faster. 

"God you little fucking bitch, your ass is so tight! I could fuck it everyday! Do you like my cock up your ass, slut?"

"Y-y-yes."

"Oh God, you little whore, keep moving your ass. Keep moving that slutty ass back, you little fucking bitch. Squeeze down on my cock, slut. Make it as tight as you can, oh God, fuck! Oh God, you little fucking whore. You love this, don't you?"

I couldn't say anything, I was concentrating on moving my ass for her and my breath was hissing out of me as she pounded and pummeled my ass. I was embarrassed and ashamed and I still didn't like her up my ass, but I had done it for her. I wanted so much for Melanie to be happy with me I would do almost anything for her. And it wasn't like she hadn't been up my ass before and probably would be again.

Soon she was pounding into me harder and in a few moments, she groaned loudly and came from fucking my ass. I felt her grinding on me, jerking and breathing hard. I was very happy that I made her come, well, I helped make her come anyway. The hurt in my ass from how hard she had thrust into me was unimportant. The pleasure she received was.

When her spasms stopped, I moved forward and turned around. I bent my head down and began to suck her cock, the cock that had moments before been up my ass. Melanie held my head and stroked my cheek as I did. 

"God, you whore, suck my cock. Do you like the taste of your ass on my cock, bitch? Suck it good, you fucking slut. Suck until you can't taste your ass anymore." 

She let me suck her, smirking down at me. I looked up at her as I did, tears of happiness leaking from my eyes. 

I sucked until her cock was clean and there was no more taste. Then I sat back on my heels and looked up at her.

"Thank you for fucking my ass, Melanie."

"You're a good girl, darling, a very good girl. A slutty girl, but a good one"

I was very happy, very happy. Melanie removed her strapon and handed it to me. I got up and washed it in the bathroom and returned it to her dresser. Melanie was in bed. I walked up between our beds and looked at her.

"Thank you again, Melanie."

"For what Sabine?"

"For fucking my ass, Melanie. I am so happy that you liked it, that you came from it and that it gave you pleasure."

She smiled at me and lifted up the covers. I shivered and crawled into her bed, turning away so she could press up against my back, just the way she liked. One hand came around me and cupped a breast, teasing my nipple. I just closed my eyes and luxuriated in her arms. I would never be bad again, I promised myself. Never. 

I fell asleep in her arms, feeling loved and so happy. Even the tenderness of my ass didn't bother me. The attention she gave me was enough to make me want to cry tears of happiness. And Melanie was talking to me again and I could talk to her once more and I wasn't on the floor, I was in her arms, her bed and I was overjoyed. She hadn't teased me; I hadn't orgasmed with her, just a small one at the start. But I didn't care. It all was worth it. 
