 Sadie's Travels

One of my oldest memories is of fire...the hot, acrid smell of smoke...a crowd gathered, yelling...my mother screaming...and two loud, heavy, life-altering pops. A shotgun I think. I was later told the fire I remembered was a huge cross burning on our lawn. It wasn't a large lawn, just a small patch really, but my father was pretty proud of how green he kept it. Someone told someone, who told someone else, that my father said something inappropriate to Mrs. Shawnee, the white woman my mother cleaned house for. Actually, considering I had been eavesdropping, my father had simply asked when they planned to pay the balance on my mother's wages. They had short-changed her again. And then I remember fire and smoke, and my mother shoving me into a tiny cupboard, where I stayed for almost 48 hours before anyone thought to come looking for me. That was in South Carolina, 1937.

The next part of my life was spent being shuttled from neighbor to neighbor. Back then blacks didn't rely on services funded by the state to take care of orphaned kids. Oh, did I mention both my parents were killed that night? I began my adventures with Mrs. Middleton, a woman who lived two doors down from us. But she and her husband already had four kids and she was pregnant. So when she gave birth, I spent two years with another neighbor, Mrs. Freeman, who only had a son and a daughter. Her husband had been killed, I'm not sure how. I liked living with Mrs. Freeman. She made sure I went to school, we had plenty to eat, their house was bigger than most and I had my own room. The only problem was her teenage son. He decided he would practice his "stroke" on me...and I don't mean golf. When Mrs. Freeman found out he was sneaking into my room at night, she decided I had to go.

Eventually I was shipped off to live with a neighbor who moved out of town. And then a neighbor who moved out of the state. Some of the homes were pretty nice and some of the families made me feel welcome. Others saw me as another mouth to feed, a live-in servant, or easy access to a female body. Finally I was shipped all the way up to New York City.

 * * *** *