 The contents of this story are the sole possession of the author and may not be distributed or reprinted in any form without the written or electronic permission of the author.  The story contains graphical descriptions of sex between consenting adults of the same sex. Please check with local laws before reading this story because it is not permitted to read this story in communities where such activities are prohibited by law. It is also prohibited for minors to read this story . (Alicia_boston)

Comment and feedback are welcome.  

For Cassandra, this was an exceptionally easy crew assignment. She had been to sea now for a day, crewing on a 60 foot Swan sailboat out of Miami for a married couple in their forties. The couple, Lena and her husband David, had turned out to be very easy passengers. Both knew how to handle the boat, and they cared for their own needs for the most part. Many times the most unpleasant aspect of crewing on a private boat was that the expectation of the passengers that the crew are actually slaves required to respond to every request for a cocktail or snack.

The way crewing is supposed to work is that a couple or group of passengers could charter a boat and crew for a pleasant sail in which the passengers would enjoy the experience of sailing without the worries of handling the boat or navigation, and in some cases meals, depending on the arrangements. In Cassandra, Lena and David, had a more than competent captain for their boat, as well as an outstanding cook. She was also surprisingly discreet, which is important on any size boat. 

The reality of sailing on a sixty-foot boat is that the quarters are tight, and it’s important for the crew to be almost invisible to the passengers. The passengers want to feel alone on the boat, and the best crews make them feel that way. Both Lena and David would remark to each other that even on this sized boat, sometimes they didn’t even know where Cassandra was, and then as if by magic the raven-haired 22 year old would with a tray of freshly grilled scallops. She seemingly was able to do her work, including the navigation, without interfering with the privacy and enjoyment of the passengers. David was also an experienced sailor, and with very few hints from Cassandra, he enjoyed handling the boat for long stretches.

From the cockpit, Lena looked forward to see Cassandra making fast the forward sheets. She reminded Lena of herself twenty years ago. As Cassandra crouched to her work Lena could see the taught muscled thighs below her modest khaki shorts. The skin, browned by the sun, was smooth and unblemished. Cassandra wore a white collared “crew” shirt and Lena could see the veins on her forearms as she worked the lines, her fingers deftly and speedily winding. She had a wild mane of curly black hair that came down off her shoulders and was held back in a bandana. Her dark glasses hid her coal black eyes. Lena smiled to herself, ‘My goodness, to be young and beautiful again.’

In fact, Lena was still quite beautiful. At forty-two she had lost very little of the muscle tone that she had developed as a Division 1 College track and field star at Penn State. She had surprised Cassandra early in the voyage by her display of swimming strength in a fair chop. Cassandra had discouraged her from swimming in the rough waters, but Lena swam for an hour without difficulty, as she had done every morning as part of her regular exercise regimen. Her body still looked fantastic in the white bikini that she had been wearing for most of the trip, her breasts still firm and large enough to display a beautiful décolletage without artificial enhancement.

When Lena had first met Cassandra, to interview her for the crew position, she had first been a bit wary of having a beautiful young woman on the same boat with her and David. But after speaking with her, the maturity that Cassandra displayed eased her concerns completely, and in fact, the voyage so far had been a delight. Only a few times had Lena caught Cassandra eyeing David in his Speedo as he worked the boat.  David had a fantastic body from working out regularly and he looked great in his red Speedo that more often then not provided a clear outline of his ample manhood. His athletic tanned body allowed him to move easily around the boat and he really enjoyed working the details of trimming sails and handling the ships wheel. 

Over the next two days, Cassandra settled into the life of crewing a charter. David and Lena were really delightful passengers and Cassandra tried to make herself as invisible as she could. She would awaken early in her aft cabin, separated by the salon from the main cabin where David and Lena slept, and shower quickly. She would complete her morning checks in the next hour and prepare the boat for the day’s sail. Another hour was spent with the navigation charts checking and re-checking her position with the GPS. By 7:30 AM the coffee was brewing, and croissants and fruit were readied for breakfast in the main salon.  Cassandra would then go topside with her mug of black coffee and enjoy the morning solitude, and give privacy for David and Lena to wake up and enjoy their breakfast. In the evening, she would finish her final navigational computations early, and secure the boat. She liked to turn in around 8:00PM in order to give the couple the run of the boat in privacy.

The second night, as Cassandra lay in bed, drifting towards sleep, she could hear David and Lena laughing and swimming in the moonlight. She smiled to herself, sure that they were skinny-dipping in the warm gulf-stream waters, something she liked to do herself, but which was out of the question on crew assignments. As she lay there in bed she heard the regular rhythm of the waves lapping at the hull. But soon there was a sound she didn’t recognize, and irregular pounding that sounded like a floating object striking the hull in the waves, regular but not the same as the waves. She sat up listening further. A smile crept across face as she heard another sound, a low moan, unmistakably David’s voice. David and Lena were making love on the deck of the boat under the moonlight. Cassandra lay back in bed, picturing David’s lean muscular body over Lena. He was probably feasting on her beautiful breasts and Cassandra was sure from the sound of things that David was rapidly reaching his moment of orgasm.

Cassandra’s fingers roamed over the tee-shirt she had on, feeling the hardness of her nipples. Her breasts were small, much smaller than Lena’s, but her nipples were extremely sensitive. She could achieve orgasm on her own by merely fondling her own nipples. But not tonight, even asleep, she was crewing. She took her hand away and lay back, closing her eyes just as she heard David’s guttural utterance of pleasure accompanied by Lena’s throaty shriek of pleasure as they achieved their mutual orgasm and collapsed on the deck.

Day three broke sunny with a fair wind from the southeast. When Lena emerged from belowdecks in a white robe holding a mug of coffee she found Cassandra already pulling anchor and setting the forward sail. “What a beautiful day.”

“Yes ma’am,” replied Cassandra. “We’ll have a really nice day today for sailing, nice breeze to take the heat out.” Cassandra looked aft at Lena, seeing what she imagined was a look of satisfied calm on her face. David was a lucky man, she thought to herself. She hoped that when she was Lena’s age she still had the looks and body that Lena had. Cassandra quickly finished setting the forward sails just as David emerged, in a white tee shirt and white Speedo. “Well,” Cassandra thought to herself, “ Lena is pretty luck herself.”

“Hi Cassandra, do you need a hand?” he called forward.

“No, I’m managing, we are almost underway.” As she said this she turned aft to see David making his way forward. There was still a fair amount of dew on the fiberglass deck and as Cassandra watched she could see David’s body twist awkwardly as his foot slipped. In trying to save his coffee, David landed hard on his hip on the deckrail, and loud crack sounded. Immediately his face screwed up in a twist of pain and he uttered an anguished scream. 

Both Lena and Cassandra were quick to his side, checking for injury. Cassandra had first aid as part of her training and immediately she didn’t like what she saw. David was pale, almost as pale as his white tee shirt. His skin was clammy to the touch. As he tried to move his face would turn up in pain. Cassandra pulled the Speedo down off his hip, and could see the swelling already beginning. Lena looked over at Cassandra, trying to ascertain how serious the situation was, but as an experienced college athlete familiar with leg injuries she already suspected the worse.

“Broken hip?” questioned Lena.

“I think so, or dislocated anyway. We’ve got to get him off the boat. He needs more medical attention than I can give him here,” replied Cassandra.

“How long till we can get to a port?” rasped an anguished David.

“Too long. We are two days out under the best conditions. We’ve got to get the Coast Guard to take you off the boat, I’m sorry.”

“Wait, you must have pain killers on the boat, I can last until we get in.”

“David, I’m sorry, it’s the risk of infection I’m worried about. You leave now then you have a two month rehab and you can come back and sail with me again. If you wait, and your hip joint becomes infected you could require an artificial hip or worse lose a leg, then your sailing on some fucking cruise line with the rest of the AARP crowd.”

David managed a smile at this, and Lena looked over at Cassandra and said, “Let’s call.”

Cassandra went below and made the call to the Coast Guard rescue. A helicopter evacuation was too risky with the tall mast of the Swan, and a cutter was nearby on regular patrol. In two hours the cutter would be there, and they would airlift from the cutter to Miami. Returning topside with some pain medication she found David almost incoherent from the pain. As she gave him the pills to ease his misery Cassandra looked over at Lena. “I’m sorry your voyage had to end this way.”

David stirred, “Lena, you stay on board, and help Cassandra sail back to Miami.”

“David, don’t you worry about that, I’ll get her back on my own.”

“No.” David was vividly lucid now. “Lena, this boat is to much for one person. You need to stay.”

“David’s right Cassandra. He’ll be fine back at the hospital and I can’t do much for him there. You either turn this boat over to the Coast Guard to be brought back, or I stay on board.”

Cassandra considered this. The boat was a lot for a single hand to sail, and Lena was certainly proficient. Weather forecasts were for fair weather for the week. She decided quickly.

“Okay, Lena thank you for staying. Today is Tuesday, and we won’t get much sailing done, so we’ll start back on Wednesday and be in Miami late Thursday or early Friday depending on the wind.” Four hours later the Coast Guard cutter pulled away from their boat and as Lena and Cassandra watched from the deck they saw the Air Rescue Chopper leave the helipad aft with David and head North to Miami. The ship’s doctor had confirmed that Cassandra had made the right decision. Best case, David had a dislocated hip, but the doctor thought perhaps a broken hip or fractured ball joint. Either way the injury required immediate medical attention.

It was 2:00PM before Cassandra had cleared the decks. At best there would be 4 hours more of sail, which given the circumstances and events of the day would probably be pushing it. She made the decision to stay put, and work on the new navigation and headings she would need to get back to Miami. She checked on Lena, who seemed concerned, but fine, especially after receiving word that David was at the hospital in Miami and that he would be fine: a minor but painful fracture of his hip that would lay him up for six weeks. From belowdecks she heard a splash and she immediately went topside to check.

From the deck she could see Lena swimming about 30 yards off the starboard side. “Hey”, called Cassandra, “You need to let me know if you go swimming. There are only two of us now and the rule of this boat is we need line of site to each other when we are topside. I can’t have another accident.”

Lena called back, “Sorry, it’s just so hot.” It was extremely hot in the sunlight when the boat was not under sail. Lena had been sitting topsides baking in the heat and she had sought relief in the cooler water.  As she glided through the water her body began to relax and her muscles seemed to unwind from the tension of the morning. After about ten minutes she swam back to the swimming ladder and climbed out of the water. She stood for a moment shaking the water out of her hair. The white bikini was plastered to her body and as she bent her head down to shake the water out she could see her breasts and her nipples poking clearly through the bikini top. She wondered to herself whether she was permanently aroused after last night’s lovemaking with David on the deck. She looked up to see Cassandra staring at her with a curious look on her face, her lips pursed almost in a question. 

“It’s so hot Cassandra. Look, now that it’s just us girls, it’s okay with me if you want to relax the dress code.” Cassandra looked up at her. It was hot, and Lena’s amazing body perfectly shone in the sunlight. Each drop of water was like a tiny diamond glistening. For a second, she wondered what Lena’s facial expression had been like as David made love to her last night. 

“You know, I think I’ll take you up on that if you don’t mind. It is damned hot out here.” Cassandra stood and pulled the white crew shirt over her head. Then quickly she stripped off her khakis and tossed them below through the deck hatch. “Oh my, that does feel better. Thanks Lena.”

Lena stood motionless for a moment, awestruck at the site of Cassandra in her bra and bikini panties. Under the crew shirt and shorts she hadn’t realized what an exceptional body Cassandra had. She wasn’t tall, 5’2” or so, but her body was lean and chiseled. Her abdomen was flat, with clearly defined muscles across her belly. Cassandra’s breasts were not as large as her own, quite small actually, but through the simple white cotton bra Lena could clearly see her nipples outlined large in proportion to her breasts. The matching white bikini panties rode high on her hips. As she had suspected Cassandra could see firm thighs, and flawless brown skin that ran up and around to her ass. “Oh my” thought Cassandra, “this girl has no idea how beautiful she is.”

For the rest of the day Lena eyed Cassandra as she went through the preparations of the boat for the next day. She was still amazed at the lithe young body as Cassandra moved quickly and athletically over the length of the boat. Dressed in just a bra and panties, Cassandra looked like a dancer moving in the sunlight, a sleek and beautiful animal moving by instinct over terrain she knew well. “It’s a good thing David never saw her like this,” she thought to herself, “he’d never have been able to resist, and I’m not sure I’d blame him.”

The rest of the day went quickly and before going below, Cassandra and Lena both jumped into the warm ocean in the waning light of the day to cool off. Lena emerged first and handed back a towel to Cassandra. Now Cassandra stood practically nude before Lena’s gaze. Her bra and panties were now transparent in the evening light, and Lena could clearly see the half dollar sized nipples that seemed to cover most of Cassandra’s small breasts, and below, the darkness at the juncture of her thighs was clearly visible. Lena could even clearly see the dark curly down covering the young woman’s pubis. Lena felt odd watching Cassandra as she wrapped the towel around her magnificently curly hair and began to make her way below. What about this girl made Lena want to just look at her, gaze at her? Sure, she was physically beautiful, but there was something else, something deeper. She wrapped herself in a towel and followed Cassandra below.

Later that night, as she lay in the darkness of her cabin, Lena’s mind drifted to the evening before. She imagined David’s touch on her again, the way he held her, caressed her. Her fingers drifted down to the front of her panties, lightly caressing as she remembered the feeling of his body against hers, the tip of his cock beginning to enter her, fill her and rhythmically move within her. As she drifted towards sleep Lena fingers felt the moistening at the front of her panties indicating her arousal. Her memories mixed with her dreams and as she felt David’s tongue against her innermost self, in her dream Lena roused from her rapture to reach down and push his head more deeply against her. Instead of David’s short trim hair, her fingers roamed through a curly mane of hair, and as she looked down she looked into Cassandra’s eyes as the young woman pleasured her with her tongue.

Lena awoke with a start, soaked in sweat, and panting. “My God,” she thought to herself in the darkness and solitude of her cabin, “What a dream, Jesus.” Her body was coated in sweat, the sort of sweat generated from the heat of passion. She could smell the musky aroma of her own arousal that the wetness between her legs confirmed. She could hear her own heartbeat in her ears like a drum. She peeled off the soaked tee-shirt that she had worn to bed and lay back, pulling the sheet over her, and drifted off into a troubled sleep.

The sound of Lena’s voice had awakened Cassandra, and she sat up in bed trying to recall if she had really heard it or just imagined it. No, she was quite sure that Lena had cried out in the middle of the night. The day had been a lot for her, and maybe she was more worried about David than she had at first appeared. But the middle of the night cry hadn’t sounded particularly anguished. In fact, it more reminded Cassandra of the sound that Lena had made the night she had made love to David. Cassandra smiled to herself for a moment, “No, it couldn’t be.” Cassandra lay back in bed smiling and silently giggling. At least Lena had given the okay for the relaxed dress code. She guessed Lena felt that perhaps that gave the okay for unrestrained midnight acts of self-pleasure. As she drifted off to sleep Cassandra felt the tingling sensation of arousal in her nipples.

The next day was another perfect day and Cassandra awoke early to make preparations.  By the time Lena emerged topside they were underway and Cassandra was sipping coffee with one hand on the ship’s wheel. Cassandra looked fresh and young in a yellow string bikini tied at the hip in perfect loops. Her skin glowed in the morning light and Lena immediately remembered her dream from the night before and felt disturbed as she looked at Cassandra’s body. 

“Good morning,” beamed Cassandra. “Coffee’s right there in the carafe. Did you sleep well.”

“Ugh, no as a matter of fact. I was thinking of David a lot, kept me up a bit.” The coffee smelled wonderful as she sipped heartily.

“In an hour we’ll make a ship-to-shore call to the hospital so you can talk to him.” Cassandra looked over to Lena and saw that indeed she looked a bit worn and tired. She hadn’t slept well apparently. She was sitting in her robe leaning against the cushions of the salon looking out over the ocean slipping by the boat. As Cassandra watched she could see where the front of Lena’s robe pulled way and from her angle Cassandra could see almost her entire breast. They were much larger than her own, which she had known already from the many times she had seen Lena in a bikini top. If she could have larger breasts, Cassandra thought to herself, those would be the ones she’d want.

“Does is still look like Friday into Miami?” Lena’s voice startled Cassandra and she flushed when she realized she was still staring down the front of Lena’s robe while Lena was asking her question.
