 Donna was big into racing small boat sailing. She'd crewed on larger intense blue water boats in the past year but loved the thrill of being closer to the water and controlling all aspects of the boat, not just one sail or part of the rigging. Professional sailing was still too much of an "Old Boy's Club", but things were changing, just not fast enough for Donna. She was always seeking another younger woman to take out and show the joys of sailing, and if things went right, to also fall in bed with later on.

Donna had married early in her 42 year old life, but things didn't work out, Her former husband was also a sailor but more into yachting races, and made a comfortable living repairing and restoring vintage boats. At 5 ft 10 she was in good shape from regular workouts in an olympic sized pool. Donna was not perfectly proportioned however. Throughout her life she had always been ogled for her sumptuous breasts and wide hips. She had always been an active woman, and had spent many years of her adolescence working diligently on developing her physique so she could not only defend herself but enjoy her bisexuality without feeling somehow trapped in any one scene.

When her husband left her for a younger, hotter woman, Donna just decided to enjoy herself with her girlfriends. Many of them were into art and photography, but few enjoyed sailing. For many years, she was very happy having more than one lover at a time.

Donna enjoyed working out and taking various self defense classes to keep her body fit and stay healthy. She also had a voracious appetite for watching women of all ages work out. She was very keen on spying on a few hot women at the gym, specifically in the shower, after her workouts. No one woman seemed capable of satisfying all her sexual needs and she was always looking for both younger and older women who she found attractive. 

Ranya was a single woman of 27 living with her mother. They were recent immigrants from Iran. Her Shiite upbringing did not allow for any discussion about sex, and forbade any open thoughts on sexuality. From an early age, Ranya had always fantasized about meeting a Hollywood or Bollywood starlet, and being seduced by her. In her dreams it was always safe, loving and very, very wet. On rare occasion she would be restrained and a lovely woman would initiate her to the pleasures of oral sex. Some nights she found herself masturbating to these thoughts until streams of her vaginal fluids would run down her thighs onto her sheets. She always cleaned them up before her strict mother could find out about her indiscretions.

Donna had met Ranya at her gym recently, and remembered how the two women had first began talking to each other. For Donna, it was a bit embarrassing. Donna happened to have her locker directly across from Ranya's in the locker room.

"I caught you checking me out a few minutes ago when I was in that shower," Ranya offered, as she pointed in the direction where Donna had been standing, observing the row of open showers. Donna thought she was being totally inconspicuous, but had somehow caught the attention of this Persian goddess with shoulder-length black hair and dark, smooth skin with a killer physique. Ranya had a runner's body with extra firm quad and calve muscles, with a tiny waist and perfectly round breasts with large, dark protruding nipples. 

"I guess I've never seen a woman as attractive as you here in quite some time!" Donna responded, smiled and opened her robe up to show off her insatiable body. Donna had a nice tan and had lost some weight during her spring and summer training. Now they were both across from their respected lockers totally naked and exposed to one another. Ranya couldn't take her eyes off of Donna's near- perfect form either and was glad that the older woman had made a move on her.

They continued on their ritual of getting dressed and just conversed about working out, the absence of men in their lives. Donna wasn't sure yet if Ranya enjoyed being with women, and hoped that they would meet again some day in the gym, or somewhere else.

Ranya wanted to make her move first, but was resistant and still felt weird asking an older woman on a date. Instead, she envisioned putting her arm around Donna's delicious body, and pulling her close, with no warning and care in the world who was watching. In her fantasy, they'd kiss and make love for the rest of the day, forgetting about their existing relationships, obligations and just enjoy the bliss of lesbian love in the afternoon. It was her common fantasy and many times, she lived in it, because it was too difficult to break away from her upbringing and along with the shame if she was discovered to be lesbian.

"I'm just a frustrated photographer and would love to snap a few photographs of your lovely body sometime, maybe even on my small sailboat," Donna offered to appease Ranya's curiosity of why she had been spying on her from across from the locker room earlier.

"You have a sailboat?" Ranya asked surprised. When Ranya was a teenager, she had once taken sailing lessons with one of her brothers. Her upbringing was strict but they came from a middle class family and went on vacations to a sea shore resort more than once. Ranya remembered the scent of the water, the push of the wind on the small skiff and how enchanted it was as the sun set one late afternoon.

"Why don't you come to my lake house this weekend, if you want, I can show you how to sail and race. Maybe, you'll let me take a few pictures of you on the boat as well?"

Ranya couldn't believe her ears, this woman was asking her out on a date! 

"I'd really like to do that! Yes this weekend is perfect! Give me the directions!"

Donna was truly hoping her enthusiasm would sustain until the weekend and she would see Ranya again.

Saturday morning came quickly and found Donna smoking a joint on the porch of her lakeside cabin when her phone lit up with Ranya's number.

"Shit, I hope she doesn't cancel," thought Donna as she answered her phone.

"Hi Ranya, what's up?"

"I'm at your local convenience store a few blocks away and wanted to know if you wanted me to bring anything to drink?" Ranya offered, her accent was very thick today as she had just come from her Mom's place and had to converse in her native language.

"You're early! Come right over, I don't need anything from that store, but thanks!" Donna said, as she hung up she looked at the clock which only said 8:30. She quickly tried to comb her hair as she walked back to a mirror. She didn't expect Ranya to be so early.

A few minutes later Ranya walked into the well designed, cozy cabin as Donna came out of the bedroom wearing her skimpy bathing suit, her breasts spilled out of the meager cups and her tan was in mid season form.

"You're so early, but I'm glad you made it!" Donna said enthusiastically.

"I know, I couldn't wait to get out of my mother's house, its so confining!"

"Make yourself at home, do you want something to drink?"

"Oh Donna! I love the bikini!"

"Thanks Ranya, can I offer you something to drink?"

"I brought my own things to eat and drink, you're been so nice to me, I cannot eat your food also!" Ranya cracked open an imported beer and offered one to Donna, who was grateful and took it.

Apparently its an Iranian tradition or something, Donna thought. 

"Its such a nice day, maybe we can go swimming after sailing, Donna?" Ranya fluffed out her hair and pulled out a nice leopard skin bikini from her bag.

I wasn't sure what to wear so I just brought a collection of things to wear..." 

"Show me what you brought," Donna said motioning her to go into her darkened bedroom.

Ranya walked into her bedroom and kicked off her cut off jeans exposing her smooth bum clothed in a double banded black thong, she was still wearing a T shirt but medium breasts were so enticing, her nipples outlined by the thin fabric. Donna came up behind her and cupped those lovely breasts as the two women snuggled into a warm hug. 

"Ummnngh," moaned Ranya at the first touch of Donna's fingers on her skin.

"Let's remove your shirt so I can feel your skin on mine," Donna slowly removed the shirt over her head as they gazed at one another in the mirror. Ranya had a hint of sandalwood scent on her, and it was one of Donna's favorite and it made her more horny by the second. She absolutely had to suck Ranya's pussy before they went sailing, she thought.

The older woman slowly edged her fingers down to Rany'a muff and plied apart the thong from her warm skin.

"I'm wondering how wet you are now? Can you feel how much I want you?" Donna whispered softly.

"Yes, that's why I came here early, take me now," Ranya replied as she spread her legs for Donna's probing fingers.

Their passionate tongues intertwined, and Donna felt her own juices flowing out into her skimpy bathing suit. A few minutes later, they were on Donna's bed in a solid embrace as Donna mounted Ranya's wanting mouth and showed her how she liked to dominate. Donna moved her hips up and down very slowly at first, hoping Ranya would enjoy the position and suck her clitoris hard into a frothy orgasm. Ranya didn't disappoint. She welcomed the older woman's sex and worked her tongue to massage and stimulate Donna's dripping pussymound. She enveloped her face into Donna's shaved pussy, found her clit and suckled and pulled at it until Donna moaned loudly for more.

Donna rode her face, thrashing her hips into the young girl's mouth. She caressed Ranya's arms and held onto them afterwards as she quickened her pace. The bed rocked loudly. Donna bent over more and raised her mound off of Ranya, as the young woman plied apart Donna's thighs and fingered her anus too. 

"Ranya, fuck yeah!"

"Suck my pussy good, babe!"

"Oh God yes! suck me good Ranya!" Donna felt her first climax wash over her mind, then nanosecond later her body vibrated even more, her juices filled Ranya's mouth. Donna wanted to reciprocate the pleasure the young woman just gave her, she kissed Ranya, savoring her own juices and caressed and sucked on Ranya's swollen, extended dark nipples.

Ranya moaned loudly, demanding more from Donna.

Donna took her time to taste all of Ranya's body. She even let her own dripping wet mound brush against those pert nips and lubricated them once again with another juice from her body. Donna took both fingers and inserted them into Ranya, gently massaging her G spot and her clitoris with her thumb. She knelt over the young woman and watched her as she enjoyed the ministrations of a more seasoned woman. Donna kissed and caressed her taut nipple with her soft lips, while she vigorously massaged her sweet pussy with her hand.

"Oh Fuuuck YESSS!" Ranya came so quickly. It was just how she'd always fantasized it would be like.    her back arched and she threw her legs around

and Donna responded by getting on top of her and grinding their wet mounds together for one mutual hot orgasm.

When they both came up for air, it was 10am and Donna got off of her and they embraced standing there in her bedroom. 

"Let's go sailing now, we'll make time for more of this later, I'm certain!" Donna reassured her.

"Yeah, it would be great to go swimming too, I know a few good places on the lake where we'll be un disturbed," Donna said with a nod and smile to Ranya who instantly knew what she meant.

"So where is your boat?" The young woman asked her as she looked at the pictures of different women on her walls.

Its down by the lake, we have a short little walk to get to it, ok?"

"Sure, lead the way!" Ranya said cheerfully.

"You look so hot in that, its gonna be tough for me to keep my hands off of you today," Ranya admitted as they kissed once more.

"Please tell me we can come back here later and make love for the rest of the day," Ranya pleaded.

"Yesss," Donna hissed back as she pulled down Ranya's shirt and they finally made it out of the house and began walking to the sailboat.

The walk down to the lake was filled with birds chirping and sounds of early summer morning. Scents of huckleberry and crisp cedar filled the air. They held hands and enjoyed the moment together. The wind was out of the north and it was a gentle breeze now, but Donna knew it could get nasty quickly on this upstate lake, so she made all her guests wear inflatable pfd harnesses if they capsized or someone fell overboard.

"This is a nice fast boat, its called a 420 and its actually used for olympic racing, but I just have it rigged out for regular sailing today," Donna said as she got the boat ready for the water. Donna knew she didn't want to be using the heavy-duty trapeze style harnesses which hooked into the mast system so that the crew could hike all the way out over the water for maximum leverage of the rig, which is how you did race this boat for maximum efficiency. It made tacking and gybing really interesting.

"Its so cool!" Ranya said, as she checked out the boat up close.

Donna handed Ranya one of the extra inflatable vests and put it on her correctly. She enjoyed fitting it over Ranya's neck and securing the straps around her waist and back. Ranya loved that Donna got so close their tits were rubbing against each other as she placed the vest around her body. It was really just two pads that fell over the outside of her breasts and secured with straps to make sure the inflatable part wouldn't come off in the water, but Donna made a detour with her fingers and fondled Ranya's lovely semi-taut nipple as she did the strap. They kissed once again, this time even more passionately, tasting each other's pussy juices on their faces.

"Ok so do you know what the parts of the rigging are?"

Yes thats the mast, this is the boom and that line is probably the main halyard which raises the mainsail, right?"

Thats correct! You're obviously not a total newbie.."

"Whats a newbie?

"It's someone who hasn't sailed at all,"

"Oh." So many idioms, so little time, Ranya thought.

In just a few minutes they shoved off the beach and headed upwind into the large lake. The sun was out and it was getting hot, but the breeze kept them cool as the boat skimmed across the blue clear water. For a while, the only sound was the gurgle of the lake against the strong fiberglass hull and the sound of the sails filling with wind.

Donna let Ranya steer the boat most of the time as she snapped away with her camera as the two women enjoyed each other's company in the small sailboat. As the boat sailed hard upwind, they sat close together, leg to leg, on the edge of the boat to help balance the effect of the wind as they tacked their way across the deep part of the lake. Donna couldn't take her gaze off of Ranya's olive brown skin and silky hair. Ranya's cutoff jeans were extremely short and showed off her amazing figure. She took a few candid pictures of Ranya as she enjoyed the feel of the wind on her face. The young Iranian woman's nipples poked through the thin fabric of her T shirt, reminding Donna how they met.

"I hope you let me pose for you later Donna," Ranya said smiling at her.

"Oh definitely, I'm counting on it!" Donna had something special planned for later!

The wind calmed down around Noon and Donna pulled out a bottle of suntan lotion and began lathering up Ranya's legs and arms. They took turns slathering the white gooey cream all over each other's bodies. The lake was filled with small boats here and there but none too close, so Ranya took off her shirt exposing those beautiful breasts as Donna applied the lotion liberally around her soft mounds as the two of them enjoyed touching and applying the oily lotion. Ranya didn't want to put her shirt back on, but the wind was coming up again, and despite being an exhibitionist, she didn't want any hassles from the local guys on the lake.

After one tack, Ranya put her arm around Donna and leaned on her shoulder. Donna placed her hand on the inside of Ranya's creamy thigh and slowly fingered her crotch through the cut off jeans. Ranya held onto Donna's firm arm as they kissed passionately. Donna held the wood tiller, but in her mind, envisioned her over Ranya with her favorite strap on, ready to enter her warm mound. Instead, she found herself steering her boat erratically.

Ranya couldn't take her eyes off of Donna's firm legs and thighs and definitely wanted to find herself down below, making Donna cry out in pleasure. She undid the button of her cutoffs and quickly slid out of them as Donna sailed the boat.

"Lets take a break. I'm going to sail into a deserted cove nearbt so we can get some privacy," Donna said as she sailed the boat towards her favorite spot on the large lake. 

"Good idea Donna, otherwise, I'm going to have to molest you right here on your boat!" 

No one ever came to the secluded cove as they landed on a sandy beach with some rock outcropping to hide the boat under some overhanging tall trees.

As soon as she secured the boat, she set a blanket and Ranya settled into lying down on her back . The area was always deserted and no one could see them from the lake so 

Donna stripped off her tiny bikini which barely held her sumptuous breasts in anyway. The Iranian woman only a thong underneath and then she took off her T shirt and both she and Donna went topless. 

They got down on the blanket and got right back into making intense love, kissing and hugging, slowly caressing each other all over. Donna couldn't wait to place her tongue on those stiff nipples and make them moist with her own saliva. Ranya moaned in delight as her pussy mound filled with her juices, ready to explode at almost any minute!

Donna slowly and deliberately kissed her way down to Ranya's abdomen. She enjoyed Ranya's silky skin texture and her scent was very unique as she licked her vagina. Ranya kept it partially shaved, her labia was quite puffy and her bright pink clitoris was not yet exposed but Donna was fond on discovering the young woman's charms. 

"Oh, yes Donna lick my pussy now, I need your tongue inside me already!"

Oh, yes, uhnnngh, suck me good Donna!"

Donna tasted her delicious young mound, the young woman's legs quivered in anticipation of receiving the experienced tongue of an older woman. 

Marta had been hiking the woods around the long lake and thought she heard some moaning off in the distance. The middle aged woman enjoyed following the edge of the lakeshore to explore the rocks and foliage. It was such an early summer morning and hardly anyone was out yet, the crickets and birds filled the air with lush sounds. As the attractive artist moved into the cove where Donna and Ranya were now deeply ensconced in one another's bodies, Marta heard the moans and grunts that only came from two people making love. She slowly moved closer to the sounds to investigate. She used her stealth to approach the sailboat and when she saw the two lovers totally into one another, she backed up and found a clump of foliage to hide behind. Luckily there was a large flat rock and it was dry. Marta only enjoyed women at this point in her life, so she was very pleasantly surprised to come across this gift on the lake. She had been married once and he had an affair with a much younger woman. She dumped him quickly and found a gorgeous young woman to please her instead. Younger women were always attracted to her talents and firm body which she worked diligently to keep in good shape for her age.

Donna and Ranya were too involved with each other to even consider they may be being watched from afar by another person. And not just any person, but a woman who absolutely spent hours painting and sketching lesbian lovers. Marta loved all sorts of lesbian sex but adored strap on sex using all sorts of toys and every position imaginable.

She quietly made sure they couldn't see her too easily and quietly took off her small backpack and observed Donna and Ranya as they got more and more intense. Marta watched as Ranya massaged Donna's tits, taking special care to tweak Donna's pert nipples to stiff state of attention. Marta knew she was in for a great time, as the older woman mounted Ranya's face and began humping her mouth. 
