 Author's Note: All characters appearing in this work are fictitious and are eighteen years of age or older. The web forum mentioned in this story is fictional, as are the users names and any other information. Any resemblance to real persons, living or dead, is purely coincidental.


Accidental Lesbians

Chapter One: Alternatives to Intercourse

Forum » Virgins » Alternatives to Intercourse » 

Author: Mandy1983 
Subject: How to make first time anal sex easier

Mandy1993
Posts: 1
Registered: 10-19-2012
Location: Guess
posted on 10-19-2012 at 19:18

How to make first time anal sex easier
---------------------------------------------------------

My friend and I are thinking about having anal sex with our boyfriends. We don't want to give up our virginity yet, and we don't want to take the chance of getting pregnant (my mom would never let me go on the pill). 

So, we decided to let them have anal sex with us. I want to make sure that it doesn't hurt and that I don't have to stop in the middle. I know guys hate that a lot. Can anyone tell me how I can make it easier and not hurt?

---------------------------------------------------------

WellHungOne69
Posts: 147
Registered: 12-10-2010
Location: Deep inside you
posted on 10-19-2012 at 19:46

Take it and like it!

---------------------------------------------------------

SexGuru4U
Posts: 1,672
Registered: 12-10-2009
Location: Left Coast
posted on 10-19-2012 at 23:37

Practice, patience, communication and lubrication are the keys to a pleasurable anal experience. 

To make anal sex enjoyable you need to be relaxed. The anus is comprised of two muscles: the external sphincter and the internal sphincter. If you are nervous or tense, these muscles will tighten up and it will hurt. Foreplay is very, very important―take your time and don't force it.

Lubrication is also very important. Your body doesn't produce any natural lubrication there, so you need to provide your own. More is usually better, especially when you are just starting out. I recommend using using a water-soluble lube, my girlfriend likes Astroglide, so that's what we use. 

You should start out with a very small, thin butt plug, after you get used to that, you can use a little bigger one at the end of your sessions. Then after you are comfortable with that, move up to a toy that's about the same size as your boyfriend's cock.

It should never, ever hurt. If it does, you are going too fast and need to slow down, or try again another day.

Remember, it's your body and you are the one in control. Your boyfriend needs to understand this and needs to understand that he has to play by your rules.

---------------------------------------------------------

Oct 20
Private Message
From: Mandy1993
To: SexGuru4U
Subject: Anal Advice ~ Help!


Hi Sexguy,

Thanks for all of the great tips. Unfortunately we don't have any toys like that, and we live in a small town, so there's no place to buy those kinds of things. Besides, my mother would kill me if she found anything like that laying around (she goes through my stuff because I got caught smoking pot one time). Would it be okay to use the handle of a hair brush or a sharpie?

Thanks : ) 

Mandy

---------------------------------------------------------

Oct 20
Private Message
From: SexGuru4U
To: Mandy1993
Re: Anal Advice ~ Help!

Hi Mandy,

No!!! Never put anything in your butt that wasn't designed to go up there. If you don't have any toys you can always use your fingers―just make sure to file your nails beforehand, so that there are no sharp edges. You can buy Astroglide or KY Jelly at any supermarket or drugstore, but baby oil will also work fine in a pinch (but not with condoms).

Start off by lightly brushing your fingers up and down your butt crack and across your butt hole. Every so often gently push the tip of one finger in and out of your opening. Pull it out and massage the outside again. Tease it, play with it, make it want more stimulation. Keep repeating this procedure until you are able to work more and more of your finger in.

Now comes the hard part. The inner muscle (a couple of inches in) is an involuntary muscle and is usually stubbornly shut tight, which means you have be very patience and very gentle as you coax it into opening up for you.

Once the inner muscle has relaxed you should easily be able to slide your finger in and out, and finger fuck your ass.  

After a week or two of this, try adding a second finger after you are able to easily take the first finger.

Good Luck!

Rex

PS Let me know how it goes.

---------------------------------------------------------

Oct 22
Private Message
From: Mandy1993
To: SexGuru4U
Re: Anal Advice ~ Help!

Hi Rex,

We did it!

I showed your comments to my friend and she agreed, but Erin would only put her finger in my butt if I did it to her first. Which was okay with me, because I was kind of shy to have anyone do that to me. 

I did as you said, it took a while to get started because we kept giggling and laughing so much. Eventually we got down to business and stripped down to our panties. Erin has such a cute, tight little butt (she used to do gymnastics). I never noticed it before. I wish I had a little round ass like hers, butt (butt, get it? : ) bootiage seems to run in my family.

I couldn't believe it when she finally took off her panties, she has such a beautiful body. Her skin is pure, and white like porcelain, and she has the cutest little patch of fiery orange pubies above her pussy. 

And her pussy is so amazing, bright coral pink and delicate, like the petals of a blossoming rose. Mine, well, it's kind of dark and brownish, and sorta looks like a roast beef platter LOL.

Anyway, Erin laid down on my bed on her stomach, and spread her thighs apart. I could have sworn her little pink starfish winked at me, butt I could have been imagining things.

I was nervous, we both were. She flinched when I first touched her. After a few minutes of light touching, I started to work my middle finger in and out of her butthole (BTW we did use baby oil).

Erin was quiet, which wasn't unusual. She's kind of shy and doesn't talk a lot. I couldn't tell whether she was enjoying it or not, so I asked her how it felt.

She said it felt a little bit weird and uncomfortable at first, butt now it was okay. 

Eventually, I got two fingers in. After a few minutes of that she said it was too much and asked me to stop.

So then it was my turn. I was still very nervous and didn't want to take my panties off. Erin told me it wasn't fair for me to chicken out now, butt said I could leave my panties on if I wanted to.

I was more comfortable that way, so I laid down on the bed on my stomach. She didn't do anything for a minute or two. I thought she might be having second thoughts, butt I was wrong―she surprised me when she slid her hand down into my panties and started caressing my bottom.

I started to feel all tingly inside when she touched me. And OMG, this is so embarrassing, I started getting wet. I couldn't help it. 

Then she took the tip of her finger and ran it up and down my butt crack and over my butthole. As soon as she touched my butthole, I couldn't believe it, it was like her finger was a lightning rod shooting a bolt of energy through my body.

She did this for a while, just brushing her finger over and around my hole. I couldn't believe how sensitive I was down there. I had goose bumps all over my body.

I was lost in the moment when she did something that surprised me―she yanked my panties off (Can you believe it?), without even asking! Butt at this point I didn't care. I couldn't wait for her to put her finger inside me. I realize now that she must have noticed how damp my panties were, butt she didn't say anything at the time.

As she slowly pushed her slippery finger inside me, I got kinda nervous, and I felt all my muscles clamp up. It took a while before she could get her finger in, then she started to slowly move it in and out. I was surprised by how good it felt. She kept asking me if I wanted another finger, but at this point I was just enjoying the feeling and not listening to what she was saying. 

Then, without any warning (Again!), she stuck a second finger in. As soon as she did that I started to cum, really, really hard!

I was so embarrassed, I know Erin could tell I got off. I didn't know what to say. She just kept increasing the pace faster and faster. All I could do is jump forward on the bed, so that her fingers would come out of me. 

I felt very weird having an orgasm from another woman touching me. Not to mention that I didn't even think you could have one in the butt. Does this make me a lesbian? I never thought of women that way.

Thanks again for all your help,

Mandy : )