 Shelly put down her women's magazine with a sigh. She'd just finished another of those 'Woman Discover Thyself' stories about exploring her sexuality, and as usual, she'd been most fascinated with the part of the story where the woman explores her sexuality with another woman. She was twenty-five, married to a naval officer, very attractive and she'd still never had sex with another woman. She loved her husband, and loved sex with him, and she didn't desire any other men, even though hers was usually gone for months at a time, like he was now. 

She rose and went to her bedroom, looked at herself in the full-length mirror, and begun to undress in front of the mirror. After having sex with another woman, would she drop the obsession that had been haunting her since college when her roommate Wendy had made a pass at her? For the thousandth time she regretted not letting Wendy have her way. She remembered Wendy's fevered kisses and torrid pleas, and a shudder of desire rippled through her. 

Naked now, she looked at herself in the mirror; tall, slim, nice firm leg muscles, moderate sized breasts, a pretty face with full, pouting lips, shoulder-length dark, nearly black hair, startlingly bottle-green eyes and then her black triangle nestled hotly between her full, round hips. She examined herself critically, comparing herself with the women in her husband's Hustler's and Penthouses. She knew that either magazine would probably pay her to pose if she had bigger tits, and they might hire her anyway, yes, she looked good, damned good! 

With another sigh, she went to her husband's closet where he hid those magazines and took out a couple. She lay on the bed thumbing through them and occasionally touching herself, feeling the fever build. She liked looking at the pictures, particularly those of blonds with nice shapely legs, and her favorites of course, those displays of two women together. Also fascinating was how all the women looked both alike and different in between their legs, it made every woman an individual mystery, a mystery that called to Shelly for exploration. And bottoms, she thought, gazing lustfully at a rear-shot of a red headed woman. Women's bottoms turned her on, too. More than once, she had achieved climax while looking at a picture of one woman licking another woman between the cheeks of her bottom.

In one of the magazines, Shelly read a letter from a woman who having become frustrated at her latent desires for another woman, actually went out and bought herself a prostitute. According to the magazine, prostitutes usually admitted to having an occasional female customer. Could she do that? Shelly closed her eyes and touched her genitals and oh yes, she was wet. She looked back at the woman's letter -- the woman had just called an escort service and the prostitute had come to her home. Shelly bit her lip and glanced over at the phone book on the nightstand. She had heard that these letters were fakes written up by the editors, but escort services weren't imaginary. 

Why not? She had plenty of money in the bank and even had about five hundred in her cookie jar in the kitchen. Her heart began beating faster as she reached for the phone book, telling herself that all she had to do was hire a date, she didn't have to go through with the sex if she didn't want to... Minutes later on the line to Modern Escorts, she was nervously trying to tell the woman who answered what sort of date she wanted, young - yes, blond, yes, that would be nice, around seven o'clock? Yes, that would be perfect, an hour from now - plenty of time to get dressed.

At seven o'clock, Shelly was nervously examining herself in the bedroom mirror, smoothing imaginary wrinkles out of her red silk dress. She had also put on black hose and high heels, which prettily matched her black lace panty and bra set. The doorbell rang. Feeling half shocked that she was actually doing this, she answered the front door. The girl was maybe twenty-one or two, certainly not too much younger than Shelly. She was blond, as requested, and built very prettily, indeed, stacked wouldn't have been an exaggeration. Her legs were full and rounded sexily, too, which was even more important to Shelly.

"Hi," she said brightly, "I'm Mary. Should I come in, or are we going out?"

"Come on in, please," answered Shelly nervously, "let's have a drink and talk awhile, shall we?" She ushered Mary to the living room couch and hurried to pour two generous drinks from the pitcher she had made. Her heart was pounding like a drum as she tried not to stare at the younger woman's curvy calves. Rejoining Mary, she handed her the drink and sipped her own, trying to think of how to begin, trying to think of anything but legs and pussies and bottoms. 

Smiling knowingly, Mary solved the problem for her, "This the first time you ever ordered an escort?" After Shelly's shy nod, she continued, "Well, the fee for the service, that is, the escort service, is a hundred dollars an evening, and I need that up front." Shelly reached for her purse, and after Mary had closed her own, she continued, "Now, if you want more, it just depends on what you want and whether or not I want to, understand?"

The girl had soft, brown eyes and a tiny mole to the left of her upper lip - she really was pretty, but Shelly still didn't know what to say, "Well, I mean, do you ever get other calls from women?"

"No," smiled Mary, "This is my first time to date a woman, at least a customer, but I've heard the other girls talk about it, would you like to hear some of the stuff they've told me?" Shelly nodded happily, grateful to the girl for taking over. Mary sat closer to Shelly and took a sip from her drink before speaking softly, "Sometimes they want to give their guy a special present, you know, like a three-way, but the girls who told me about those also said that they thought the chicks really just wanted another woman and didn't want to admit it, even to themselves, much less admit it to their husbands or boyfriends. Is this like that?" 

Shelly swallowed and said, "No, not exactly." She started to clarify that she wanted a woman and knew it, but she just let the girl continue.

Mary continued, more warmly it seemed to Shelly, "And sometimes it's something kinky, like a woman just wants to kiss another woman's breasts, or she wants to wear a dildo and pretend to be a man. I even remember one story, where a woman just wanted one of us to pee on her, and another time where a woman ordered two of us and beat off while the girls kissed and had sex together."

As Mary paused for another sip, Shelly took a deep breath, "No, it's not like that either. You see, I had this friend in college, who tried to seduce me and I said no, and..."

Mary nodded knowingly, "And all this time, you've been wondering what it would have been like if you'd said yes? And you want a really discreet way of finding out?" Shelly nodded, blushing hotly. She wished the money talk was over so they could just start undressing each other.

Mary put an arm around Shelly and drew her close, "I'd ask a guy for a hundred for an hour of straight sex and I wouldn't even let him kiss me," she began softly and pulled Shelly back when Shelly started reaching for her purse again, "But since you're pretty and you seem nice, I'll give you the same rates as I'd give one of my regulars. That's one-fifty for me to go down on you 'til you come, and I'll even take my clothes off and do it naked. Then if the regular wants straight sex, it's one-seventy-five, and in this case, I guess we would do each other, either one at a time or in a sixty-nine, and for the one-seventy-five, I will throw in kissing and role-playing - pretending like I'm your lover. Now, what would you like?"

Shelly wanted to say a hundred and seventy-five, but something about the girl's professional demeanor disturbed her - it just wasn't the way she'd pictured warm, loving sex with another woman, but she was hot, and, Shelly admitted to herself, she did want to see Mary naked, and yeah, she really wanted to touch this girl, too, all over her nubile young body, and more, much more. Since she couldn't have what she wanted from a prostitute, she might as well use this girl in a kinky way, an opportunity to explore the types of fantasies she had while looking at her husband's dirty magazines. 

"I have a counter proposition for you," said Shelly resting her hand on the girl's smooth thigh, just under the hemline of her tight, short gray skirt, and letting her gaze dwell in the crevice of her yellow blouse, where she could see a lovely mole on Mary's full right breast, "How about I give you three-hundred, and we cut all this marketplace crap. For a while, at least, you will be my love slave, willing to do anything I wish, whether it gets kinky or not. Now, what do you say?"

The girl had lovely dimples when she smiled, "Pay me when we're done then. What's your desire, my love?" The girl even made it sound sincere when she said, 'my love.'

Shelly smiled back, "Well, let's go to the bedroom, and I will undress you." Shelly led the way, and once in the bedroom, she unzipped the back of the girl's dress. As she peeled the dress away, she asked, "So, what's it like, going to bed with all those men?"

"To be honest?" the girl said thoughtfully, "It's usually okay, but it seldom turns me on much. When I want sex for myself, I date girls. A lot of pros turn gay. I just haven't settled down yet with a steady girl, although, I'm sure I will when the right one comes along." The girl was wearing a red lace bra and matching panties. Her tan was even and golden, and her skin was smooth and fresh. Shelly was so turned on that she was wondering if she was going to come without even being touched. 

She hugged the girl from the rear, rubbing her hips against the girl's firm bottom while her hands ran over the girl's bra. Without thinking about it, she began kissing the back of the girl's neck while her hands wandered down to cup the girl's panties. "Ummm, that's really nice; you really have a sensuous touch," said Mary, "I never say this to a customer, but... would you mind if I kissed you?"

"Soon," Shelly murmured throatily as she unfastened the girl's bra and ran her fingers over the girl's breasts. She was pleased to feel that Mary's nipples were already firm and erect. She sank to her knees, running her hands down the sides of the girl's shapely legs and rested her cheek on the panty-covered buttocks as she gently squeezed the girl's calf muscles. Shelly pulled down the red panties, and Mary stepped out of them. Pausing only to plant one kiss on the soft but firm flesh of Mary's left bottom cheek, Shelly rose and turned the girl around. 

Mary was breathing through slightly parted lips, and if her nipples were any indication, the girl was truly aroused. So was Shelly, but she wanted to be sure of the girl, after all, a prostitute was very much an actress. Holding the girl's eyes with her own, Shelly eased her right hand down and cupped the girl's love mound, and yes, even against the palm of her hand she could feel warm dampness, even through the pubic hair. Hesitantly, as if sensing she had passed a test, Mary put her arms around Shelly's neck and kissed her slowly and gently, their tongues only lightly touching. 

While they were kissing, the girl slowly and leisurely undressed Shelly, copping a feel here and there as she did so. By the time that Mary broke the kiss to remove Shelly's panties, Shelly was so hot that she wanted to come before doing anything else, so as soon as her panties were down to her ankles, she sat down on the edge of the bed. As Mary slipped her panties and shoes off her feet, Shelly spread her knees and put her fingers in Mary's blond hair. Mary glanced up with a knowing little smile - she understood what Shelly needed. 

Shelly's heart pounded with excitement as the pretty blonde's face settled between her thighs -- it was one of the things that Shelly had dreamed of - of looking down at her lap and seeing a sexy woman worshiping her sex, and Mary did seem to be worshiping! Mary gently nuzzled and kissed Shelly's pubic hair, which was moderately thin, soft and black and pressed flat by the wearing of her panties. Then she used her tongue to gently part Shelly's lips and ran her tongue up and down the brunette's crevice.  

Shelly pushed her ass closer to the edge of the bed, and Mary obliged by sinking her tongue deep into Shelly's vagina. Shelly moaned and wrapped her legs around Mary's shoulders as the young blond began worrying Shelly's clit with the tip of her tongue, skillfully using her fingers in and out of Shelly's vagina. Shelly ran her fingers through Mary's hair and moaned, and Mary glanced up, "You have the prettiest pussy I've ever done this to." 

The blond had not stopped licking, in fact, it felt as if she were speaking into Shelly's pussy, "And you smell, mmm, so good, and taste so delicious!" Then to Shelly's surprise the girl's head dipped even lower, and she felt the warm wet tongue lightly flutter over her asshole. Shelly gasped a little sound, and Mary glanced up again, "You like?" Shelly could just nod - the young girl was worrying her clit with a fingertip and licking her bottom, her nose nuzzling in Shelly's vagina. A few more minutes of this and Shelly began to come and come hard, waves of it washing through her hips. 

She groaned out loud and sank slowly back on the bed, raising her knees and hugging them to her chest while Mary covered her bottom and pussy with sweet little kisses. Then Mary crawled onto her, still kissing her all over until the kisses reached her face and she could smell her own groin-smell on Mary's face and breath. They just lay that way, holding each other in their arms and kissing tenderly while Shelly got her breath back.

"You know, you have the most beautiful green eyes I've ever seen. It's a shame that you're married." Mary kissed her once more, lovingly. "So, what did you think?" asked Mary, rolling over on her side and propping her head up on her elbow. Shelly looked at her breasts admiringly while she thought about her answer. Mary's dark pink nipples were still stiff and swollen.

"It was super! I don't think I've ever come so hard! And I really needed to! Now, I feel like I can concentrate." Shelly put her hand on the other girl's breast in what was almost a shy gesture. The nipple was hard against her palm. "Sometimes," she said hesitantly, "I finger myself while looking at the women in my husband's magazines, you know?" After an encouraging nod from Mary, Shelly went on with a shy smile, "I wonder if you could do some of those poses for me and let me, you know, look at you and touch you."

Mary smiled, "Just tell me how you want me. This sounds like fun."

Nothing could wipe the grin off Shelly's face, "Okay, first, just lay on your tummy." The girl obeyed, lying on her stomach, her legs spread only slightly. Kneeling by the girl's side, Shelly ran her hands lightly all over the girl's back, legs and bottom, lingering the longest on the legs and bottom. She kissed Mary's calves, then her thighs, and then several kisses on each cheek of the girl's lovely round cheeks. Gingerly then, she spread Mary's cheeks and looked at Mary's asshole. 

Not only did Mary not resist, but she even stirred sensually and raised her hips on her knees to give Shelly a better view, although she might have had in mind better access in case Shelly was willing to do something to her. Shelly gazed first at the dark pink pucker and then moved her eyes down the backside of Mary's pussy. Despite the thick, soft, dark brown pubic hair, the slash glistened in moist pink and spread easily at the touch of her questing fingers. Slipping a finger into Mary's vagina elicited a sigh of pleasure, so Shelly moved her finger in and out a few times. 

It felt nice, and Mary seemed to think so too, wriggling her buttocks at Shelly's touch. She glanced quickly at Mary's face, and seeing that her eyes were closed, she lowered her face to within an inch of Mary's open slash and gingerly sniffed. Mary smelled much like herself when Shelly was excited, only very slightly different and just a touch stronger. She was unprepared though, for how powerfully the scent would excite her, even to the extent of causing a tingle of pleasure in her own pussy when she smelled of Mary's. Without even thinking about it, Shelly licked slowly up and down the slash several times, tasting the younger woman, and then she stuck her tongue as deep into Mary's vagina as it would go. 

She was almost startled to find the tip of her nose touching Mary's asshole as she rolled her tongue around in the girl's vagina. She could only detect the faintest aroma of soap from the girl's ass, so she licked the pucker too. Mary moaned, so Shelly licked her bottom some more while using her fingers to massage the girl's pussy. It was just as she had dreamed it would be when she had massaged her own pussy while looking her husband's girlie magazines - this was the sexiest thing she'd ever done. Licking a girl's pussy, licking her bottom, rubbing her legs - it was so, so hot! 

Shelly moaned her lust and rose, mounting the girl from behind and rubbing her pussy against the girl's bottom. Mary rolled on her side and lifted her left leg around Shelly, bringing their pussies together, and for a minute or two, Shelly fucked at Mary with her pussy as if she were a man fucking Mary. It felt wonderful, but she felt too far away from the blond girl, so she released Mary's smooth leg and began kissing and licking the girl all over again, and this time, when she stopped at Mary's groin, she continued licking the clit and probing with her fingers until the blonde's hips began to shiver. 

When her hips began to thrash and Mary's moans became cries, Shelly took her index finger, already wet from Mary's vagina, and eased it up the girl's bottom. Mary responded violently, thrusting with her hips and crying out Shelly's name. Making Mary come seemed like the most exciting thing yet, and by the time the blonde's movements had settled, Shelly was more excited than ever.

After Shelly crawled on top of her and kissed her several times, Mary said quietly, "Shall I do you once more?"

It was then that Shelly realized what she'd forgotten, that this was a whore, not a lover. The girl had probably been faking much of her responses, and now she was anxious to grab her money and leave. Well, maybe she hadn't faked everything, but still, it cooled Shelly's ardor somewhat, yet, in a way she felt more stimulated by the idea of using her like a whore, and the hell with Mary's needs, after all, Shelly was paying! "Yeah," said Shelly casually as she rolled off the girl, "Lick my butt some more and then eat me in a sixty nine, with you on top. I want to look at your pussy while I come."

Mary smiled prettily, "Sure thing! But I need to go take a quick pee." She sat up to go to the bathroom.

"Oooo, wait," said Shelly eagerly, "I'll come to."

Mary did have a really sexy grin when she answered, "I thought you weren't into that kinky stuff?"

The women stood, and Shelly put her hand on Mary's bottom, "I'm into everything your body does. Besides, if I can't indulge kinky whims with a professional, who can I go to? But really, do you mind? After all, we can take turns going to the bathroom, I mean, I do have to pee, too."

Mary laughed, "Of course I don't mind, besides, you are much sexier than any customer I've ever had, I think I'll like getting kinky with you." They reached the bathroom and Mary put her arms around Shelly, drawing their breasts together, "Whatja have in mind? Want me to pee on your breasts, your cunt, or your face? You get the best view if I squat over your face, as long as I can manage to miss your eyes. It stings so bad when it gets in your eyes, that you can't see anything. You have swimming goggles, maybe?"
