 At seven, the doorbell rang, and sure enough, it was Roxanne, wearing another short skirt, gray, this time, white hose and a white blouse with ruffles and a little western style black tie. Shelly glanced apprehensively down at herself as Roxanne came inside. Shelly had finally decided on a violet summer dress with a fairly short but flowing skirt and nude hose. The skirt didn't quite make it down to mid-thigh. It made her feel better to know that under the dress were several hundred dollars worth of translucent black lace underwear, garter belt and matching bra. As soon as the door shut, Roxanne gave a wolf's whistle, "Wow, you really look like a fox, Shelly! You make me feel drab!"

Shelly chuckled, "That's funny! I was just thinking the same thing about you!" The young girl's blonde hair hung to her shoulders and Shelly thought she'd never seen it so shiny and perfect.

Roxanne smiled her dimpled grin and her blue eyes seemed to sparkle, "I'd kiss you for that, but tonight, Richie gets the honor of spoiling my makeup."

That sobered Shelly, "And who gets to spoil mine, and how will this work?" Shelly had been worrying all day about that aspect of the evening, to have to make love to a strange man! But, she really, really did want to please Roxanne, and she especially wanted to get Roxanne sexually excited while she was looking at Shelly in the nude! And if Roxanne got excited enough, who knew? Oh yes, it was worth it!

"Now, don't be nervous," said Roxanne soothingly, "I picked Vic for you since you've seen him before. I figured that would be easier for you. Richie comes at seven-thirty, and Vic comes at eight-forty-five. An hour is plenty long for Richie, and I even left us a fifteen-minute break before Vic. Now, how did I do?"

"Great, thanks," said Shelly, only partly relieved, "But what did you tell Vic about me?"

"Just that you were this really great lady who owned this house, and that I owed you a really big favor, and that I'd promised you a sex-romp with a handsome young stud for your birthday present. He bought it, although he was pretty suspicious, afraid that you were old, ugly or fat or something. I swore that you were beautiful and young, a gorgeous brunette with green eyes, that it was just that you were married to a fat, old rich guy who was off on a business trip, and that you hadn't had any decent sex in years. I also told him that since discretion was important, he would only know you by your first name, which is Betty."

"Betty?" laughed Shelly, considerably relieved, "Well, you seem to have thought of everything. Very ingenious! But I hope he is discreet, my husband is a big man, but not at all fat."

Roxanne gave a careless wave, "Don't worry, I told him your husband was suspected of being in the Mafia and was definitely a known associate of New Jersey mobsters. He'll never say a word, and it makes it more exciting for him - the danger element, I mean. Say, you know, I meant to say this the other day, but, a Navy officer must make really good money now days, because this is really a beautiful house, and this is no cheap neighborhood. Mr. Henderson, next door, he's a bank president."

Shelly shrugged and sat on the sofa, inviting Roxanne to do likewise. "Actually, I bought this house years ago, long before I was married. My family left me with a lot of money. I was just thinking today that maybe I ought to go back to school or something."

Roxanne shook her head, "Beautiful, cool, and rich! It's hard not to envy you, Shelly!"

Shelly smiled, "Don't be jealous of me! I still have to suspect my husband married me for my money. Being a little wealthy doesn't make life perfect; it just creates different problems. I'd rather you just admired me for my sexy body."

Roxy looked hesitant for a moment then said, "I've been thinking about what it would be like to have sex with a woman, and I'm still not sure how I feel, but after kissing you and everything, I mean, I really liked that and all. And to be honest, I'm very excited about watching you have sex with Vic... I don't know how to say this..."

Shelly's heart fell, "But you don't want to have sex with me," Shelly offered gently.

Roxanne looked up, clearly surprised, "Oh, no, I'm not saying that, exactly, you've been so nice to me that I'm about willing to do anything you asked, only, I'd want something like that to be special, at least if it happens between us... I mean, I'd want both of us to want it just as much... Do you know what I'm saying?"

Shelly was relieved, "So you're saying that you still don't know how you feel. Then don't worry about it. You haven't even seen me naked yet. You might run away screaming!" Roxanne laughed shaking her head, and Shelly added companionably, "And don't worry about me pressuring you. Just treat me like any other boy you would want to put off a while until you decide what you want to do."

Roxanne's jewel-like blue eyes twinkled again, "But that is exactly how I have been treating you, except it is getting harder and harder to put you off! Oh yeah, and it's nearly seven-thirty."

The doorbell rang three minutes early, and Shelly hurried back to the closet. Hastily, she pulled her panties down to her ankles, sat on the chair and shut the door. Richie was stocky and powerfully built with long black hair and several interesting tattoos - particularly the chimera on his firm right butt cheek. His penis was of a fair size, though not quite as large as Vic's, Shelly thought absently as she watched Roxy do a marvelous job of deepthroating. She had stripped Richie first and gone to work on him right away, almost as if she was trying to make him come as quickly as possible. 

Sure enough, he suddenly groaned locking his fingers in her lovely blond hair, and his hips began to jerk, just as Roxanne was doing some obviously hasty swallowing. Watching Roxy skillfully gulping Richie's come without spilling a drop, Shelly had a hot flash from her scalp to her toes in simple admiration for Roxy's skills as a lover. Shelly didn't understand this at all, making Richie come so fast, but Richie seemed to take it in stride, and after Roxanne had released his penis, he gruffly asked Roxanne where she wanted him. She pulled the chair from the nightstand and placed it just beside the mirror on the closet so that Shelly's view wouldn't be obstructed, and Shelly would still be getting Richie's point of view as well. 

Shelly was willing to applaud Roxanne's ingenuity, but she still had no clue what was happening as Richie settled in the chair just to Shelly's left. She could even see over into his lap. His penis was still limp. Shelly did realize that this was evidently something that Roxy and Richie had done together before. Then Roxanne started to dance, a slow and very erotic striptease, but no, more a ballet than a strip dance. Her movements were slow, graceful and totally unselfconscious like a beautiful nymph in a forest glade, playing Diana to Richie's Actaeon. 

By the time she was down to her bra and panties, Richie's penis was fully erect and throbbing from the blood pounding in it. Shelly was close to coming herself as Roxy paused in her undressing and ran her hands over her well-muscled legs and slender body as if slowly washing in a stream. Often, Roxanne would glance at the mirror where Shelly was, and when she removed her bra, she pouted her lips in a kiss as she hefted her breasts at the mirror, her pretty pink nipples as hard and erect as Richie's dick. 

Shelly was on the verge of orgasm as the panties were eased slowly down Roxanne's legs, and then Roxanne stepped up to the mirror, braced her hands on the mirror's edges and slowly undulated her hips in a unmistakable fucking motion, her golden brown pubic hair brushing lightly against the glass. Shelly came bent over, her face just inches from that undulating pussy, desperately trying not to make any noise as wave after wave of orgasmic pleasure swept up through her loins and through her entire body. 

But even before she had recovered from the intense pleasure, Roxy had already recaptured her attention. She had Richie lay on the floor, the top of his head touching the base of the mirror. Then she straddled him on her knees, cupped his head gently in one hand while using the other hand to brace herself against the mirror, then she raised his face to her groin. While he licked her, she slowly rocked her hips back and forth, fucking his mouth with her pussy. When Roxanne finally came, her breasts pressed against the mirror, Shelly came again. Roxanne didn't move as she urged Richie to ease out from under her and to mount her from the rear. Richie's hips slapped at her bottom like a battering ram for several minutes before he began to come while Shelly watched Roxy's breasts swaying in time to the thrusts. As Richie came, Roxy winked in the mirror and gave the mirror a little kiss.

While Roxanne escorted Richie to the door, Shelly came out of the closet and glanced at her watch. It was eight-twenty. Shelly went to the bathroom, peed, and then douched in the toilet with clear water using a squeeze bulb with a nozzle. When she came out, Roxanne was dressing in the bedroom. She already had on her white ruffled blouse but was still naked from the waist down. Shelly could see several pearly drops of come glistening on her inner thighs and wished Roxanne would let her lick them off.

Roxy smiled as Shelly approached, "So, how was I tonight?"

"So sexy and wonderful that I came twice, but I don't know how I'll ever do so well for you." Shelly sat down on the edge of the bed and reached between Roxy's thighs and sopped up a drop of come with her finger then put it in her mouth.

Roxy hadn't flinched at Shelly's touch, and now gazing into the dark, green-eyed beauty, she touched Shelly's cheek and said softly, "It's not a contest, and besides, what you just did was so sexy I just want to..." Embarrassed by what she'd nearly said, Roxanne looked down at herself and grinned, "Well, I am a mess. Figure I've got time to clean up a little before Vic?"

"Sure," purred Shelly, "take all the time you need. There is a squeeze bulb with a nozzle in the medicine cabinet if you wish to rinse out - that is if you don't mind it's already been inside me, tonight. If Vic comes, I'll just tell him that you're my British maid." Roxanne laughed and disappeared into the bathroom. As Shelly watched her dimpled bottom cheerily bouncing out of sight, she wondered what Roxy had almost said. In the bathroom, Roxy went about her business efficiently, but she was thinking about Shelly. 

She was starting to feel pretty strong desire for the woman, and her uneasy feelings about oral sex between women were fading. She was even starting to wonder what it would be like. She liked pleasuring boys, almost as much as she liked receiving pleasure, would it be the same with Shelly? Very likely! Very, very, likely because here she was, sitting on the toilet and playing with her clit while thinking about putting her face between a female friend's legs. She shook herself and finished cleaning herself, resolving to just let things happen naturally. And she did use the bulb with nozzle, mainly because it had been inside of Shelly. It was a nasty thought, but one that made her hips wriggle.

When Roxanne came out of the bathroom, it was nearly time for Vic's arrival. She found Shelly in the bedroom setting a tray with two drinks on it upon the bed stand. Shelly looked up and winked at Roxy, "Just in case the lad's nervous."

Roxanne walked up behind Shelly and put her arms around her waist and pulling Shelly's bottom firmly against her own loins, "Oh, Shelly, you just can't imagine how aroused I am by what's about to happen." She released Shelly to let her turn around.

Shelly seemed very cool and calm to Roxanne, but her smile was warm and lazy, "This has been an eventful day. I forgot to tell you about Mary calling, you know, the prostitute that I told you about?"

Roxanne was surprised, but Shelly seemed full of surprises and mysteries, "Really? What did she want?"

Shelly shrugged, looking a little embarrassed, "She wants to see me socially, says she's quit her escort job and is starting college."

"Wow!" exclaimed Roxanne with shining eyes, "You must have been so good that she wants you to make her an honest woman!"

Shelly laughed lustily, "Not really, she's aware that I'm married, but I'm sure she does want to fool around, after all, that's all we have in common, why, we've never even had much of a conversation, unless you can count haggling over a price."

"Not like us," joked Roxanne, "We're genuine partners in sexual exploration!"

"If not sexual partners exploring," quipped Shelly.

"Oh, I'm sure that will happen, too, sooner or later," said Roxanne airily, "When you ate that come off my leg, I nearly said let's just forget Vic and go at it like crazy."

"Is that what you want?" asked Shelly a little breathlessly, her green eyes narrowing to fiery slits.

"Hell no! Slow down sex goddess!" grinned Roxy, "I want to see you like you saw me. I haven't thought of much else since yesterday!" At that moment, the doorbell rang. "Well," beamed Roxy, "It's show time! Break a leg! And who knows what might happen later."

"Into the closet, imp!" Smiled Shelly, "I'll give you a show all right! Oh, if you don't want to get your panties wet, better take 'em off now."

Only after she'd entered the closet and shut the door did Roxanne realize that removing her panties for easier access really was a good idea. She took her panties and her shoes off by the time Shelly and Vic entered the bedroom. Roxanne knew that Shelly had been very nervous about this for a number of reasons, but she couldn't see any of that nervousness now, in fact, Shelly seemed completely cool and in complete self control. On the other hand, Vic, who did seem a little nervous, was mostly looking like a kid in a candy shop. Clearly, he hadn't been disappointed by Shelly's appearance. 

Shelly offered Vic one of the drinks on the bed stand, and he eagerly accepted. "So," said Shelly taking a tiny sip of her own drink, "I'm not disappointed in my birthday present. Are you satisfied with the arrangement, Vic?" She sat down on the bed, leaning back against the pillows, her legs gracefully crossed but revealing the top of her stocking on the outside leg.

"Oh yeah!" Grinned Vic and gulped down his whole drink then struggled not to cough. It had been straight whiskey. He pondered the dark-haired green-eyed beauty before him, "But this is your party, Betty. What would you like?"

"Why not take your clothes off, Vic," said Shelly softly, "Then you can take mine off."

Vic eagerly stripped, revealing that he already had an eagerly bobbing erection. Shelly stood and turned her back on Vic and told him to unzip her dress. He did, and then, facing the mirror just a trifle more than facing Vic, Shelly let the violet silk dress slip slowly off of her like it was dark liquid flowing down a marble statue. Underneath, she was wearing a see-thru black lace bra and matching panties, and a black lace garter belt that held up her sheer nude stockings. She kept her high heels on as she stepped daintily out of the dress and sank to her knees in front of Vic where she gave him a lovingly slow and very thorough blowjob, stopping just short of making him come. 

Then she stood and told him to take off her bra and panties. She stood in front of the mirror while he stood behind her and unfastened the bra. For Roxanne's benefit, she rubbed her breasts in a sultry manner, while Vic, still behind Shelly, pulled her lacy panties down over her hose, leaving her dressed only in garter belt and stockings - her lovely and mysterious dark delta pressed smoothly flat by wearing her panties. Lightly caressing her pussy with one hand and ruffling her dark hair with her other, she said, "What do you think, Vic? Should the rest come off, or do you want to fuck me just like this?"

"Like this is just fine!" exclaimed Vic, running his hands along the outside of her thighs while peering at her reflection over her shoulder. "Lady, I have to tell you that I never dreamed I'd get a chance to fuck a woman like you. I think well enough of myself, but you just outclass everyone. James Bond wouldn't be good enough for you!"

Shelly gave a really sexy smile in the mirror, looking at Vic's reflection. "Now that's quite a speech, Vic. And I promise to reward you for it. Just lay on the floor here, yes, feet toward the mirror. I want to be able to see all the action in the mirror."

Roxanne watched as Vic obeyed. There was nearly nothing she couldn't see as Shelly squatted over Vic's head so her could lick her from underneath. She thought that Shelly naked was the sexiest thing she'd ever seen, especially the way the woman handled herself, so cool, so in control and so graceful! She was especially fascinated by the dark triangle nestled between Shelly's hips and genuinely regretted that she wasn't enjoying Vic's view right now. Then, almost to Roxanne's shock, Shelly rectified that problem by moving to kneel on her knees over Vic's erect penis, and then, arching her back, she slid down on Vic's shaft, using one hand to spread her vulva with her fingers. 

Watching Vic's big dick ease into Shelly's lovely vagina was not just erotic to Roxy but wildly beautiful and sensual. As Shelly leaned back just a little on her arms, she was displaying to Roxanne the most lovely and explicit view of a fuck that she had ever seen. She felt in awe and couldn't decide which she would rather be, the penis or the pussy. But then they were really one thing; they were a fuck, a perfect, sexy-beautiful fuck. 

Already close to orgasm, Roxanne began to come as Shelly both fucked Vic and beat herself off using the tip of one finger on her clit. After about five minutes of this sublime spectacle, Vic groaned, obviously about to shoot his load, and then Shelly did the most incredibly unbelievable and sexual thing! She casually reached between her legs, grasped Vic's throbbing shaft, poised it centered under her asshole, and sat down. Besides performing this insanely sexual act, Shelly was now offering Roxy a good spread view of the inside of her pussy as Vic's dick filled her bottom. Shelly slid up and down his cock for exactly two pumps before Vic screamed! She bounced up and down on it for half a dozen more strokes before she casually stood, ejecting Vic's wilting penis, and dribbling a steady stream of pearly come that drooled out of her bottom onto Vic's belly.

Vic and Shelly had come at the same time, if Shelly came at all, just about the time that Roxanne was settling down. By the time that Vic had dressed, and Shelly was escorting him to the door, with Vic proclaiming Shelly's virtues, Roxanne still hadn't fully recovered from her orgasm. It had easily been the most powerful and longest orgasm that she'd ever had, the image still burning in her mind - that erotic image of Shelly arced over backwards, her hips rotating and grinding, her lovely breasts bouncing, the muscles in her thighs and calves rippling with her undulating movements, her large calf muscles pressed flat against her thighs from squatting, and that big hard cock, ramming and ramming that lovely, picture-perfect pussy, it's brick-red lips spread where she could see Shelly's innermost muscles squeezing and pulling at Vic's dick... 

And then that fantastic, magical moment when Shelly had sat her ass on Vic's dick! That had completely re-ignited Roxy's orgasm, or started a second one - she herself wasn't sure which! Her body was still trembling hard, and the muscles in her legs had turned to water. Almost guiltily, Roxanne took her hand away from her own genitals and hastily put on her panties. She was afraid she might come again just thinking about it and she still wasn't through with her last orgasm.
