 Anna James stood third in line at the 'Coffee Express', the local coffee shop at the corner of Brook and Elm. It was a block from her office and where she got her early morning fix. Their high mountain, Peruvian coffee was very nice too. The woman in front of her was also a morning regular who worked in her building as an assistant to a physiotherapist. She was good looking enough to provide Anna a pleasing view but much too old at mid forty to give Anna any real interest. The woman was, as always, dressed in a dark suit with coat and slacks and a white blouse. They fit her especially well this morning. Anna thought. The girl in front of that woman was a twenty something wearing a short yellow skirt and a black sleeveless tee with sneakers. Dark tanned legs that were very athletic looking were causing Anna to lean a bit to one side to see around the woman directly in front of her.

Thankfully. Anyone who might notice would just think Anna was getting a glimpse of the bagel selection that remained. That was when Anna got her first view of her favorite coffee clerk. She was making change for the girl in the short skirt and smiling and nodding and then handing over her order. When the twenty something turned from the counter, her eyes met Anna's and she gave her a lingering smile as she passed, heading toward the door. Anna barely noticed as she was now looking into the eyes of Casey the coffee clerk who was also smiling at her. 

It was not a surprise. Beautiful women always draw more attention, from men and women. It's just how it is. Other women do not have to be gay to admire real beauty and Anna had that to the nines. This morning she was wearing a dark blue pleated skirt hemmed at mid-thigh with a light blue silk blouse. Her short auburn hair curled just over her ears. She wore colorless lip gloss and her nails were a light shade of pink. She hated heals and always wore oxford shoes. Todays were black and plain. 

Her dark tanned legs were lean but showed defined muscle tone. Her slim athletic build offered only the teasing of breasts silhouetted beneath her top. Her rear, on the other hand was, although slim, offered nicely rounded spheres wrapped neatly under the blue skirt.

"May I help you?" Anna was jarred from her daydream by the young beauty behind the counter. 

As Anna stepped forward she said, "Sorry." And started to give her order.

"Your usual?" Young Casey asked.

"Please." Anna said and she saw the girl smiling as she turned to make a double shot, fat free, Latte with a dash of cinnamon. Casey wore the usual 'Coffee Express' uniform. A cream colored dress reaching to a couple inches above her knees with a white jumper front to appear as though she was wearing an apron. It had short sleeves and a name tag on the front. When Casey returned, she set the coffee on the counter and turned away to retrieve a poppy seed bagel. It was Anna's favorite and just a happy coincidence that they were usually on the top shelf of the display case. Casey placed her left hand on a lower shelf and reached with her right. As she rose onto her toes, the hem of her uniform began to rise up the back of her thighs and the dress stretched tight across her bottom. 

She was, Anna though, a magnificent specimen of both youth and beauty. When Casey finally handed her back her change. Anna held her hand flat which cause Casey to have to set the change into Anna's palm. When she did, Anna ever so gently closed her fingers to grip the girls and held it for just a few seconds before letting the coins drop and then watching the girl's fingers slide away. 

"Please come back." Casey said. 

'Like something could keep me away'. Anna thought as she left the shop and walked up Elm toward her office enjoying a warm spring morning sun. She worked on the twelfth floor with a corner office. She ran a one person law office specializing in corporate and contract law. Just her and Heather, her legal secretary who was at the moment, watering the window sill plants in Anna's office and she was bent over a chair back that was blocking access to the last plant near the corner. Anna's dress code was all but nonexistent for Heather. She had always showed good taste and saw no need to clutter their working relationship with unneeded restrictions. And Anna's beliefs were always reinforced on these days when she arrived to see Heather's tight little ass in the air with one knee bent back and her skirt high enough to provide a glimpse of pink panties. Anna stood and smiled. "If you ever move that chair I'm going to lose the only incentive I have to come to work on Mondays".

Heather straightened, turned and smiled at Anna. She set the water can down and put her hands on her hips. "Really? I don't want to hear it. You've had your chance." She headed out the door as Anna slid into the chair behind her desk. Heather stopped at the door and turned back. "Mr. Roberts at Hildebrand, Inc. has called twice this morning."

Anna nodded as Heather left pulling the door closed behind her. She leaned back and closed her eyes for just a moment. She had known Heather was gay from the moment she arrived for her interview two years ago and Heather had made no secret of the fact that she would be open to the idea of the two of them having an affair even though Anna had a live-in lover named Sara and still did. But Anna knew all too well that mixing sex and work could be a very dangerous thing and so the two of them had limited their relationship to work and the random tease or meaningless wink ever since.

She also thought about Casey and why, with a gorgeous twenty-two year old living with her and giving her anything and everything she could ever want in the way of sex, did she constantly daydream about the sweet little coffee clerk? "Because I can." Anna whispered out loud to no one. 

After a long call to Mr. Carl Roberts to reassure him that his needed contracts were completed and would be couriered to his office by noon, Anna left to meet a new client for lunch. Following that, she called Heather to inform her she was taking the rest of the day off and she, after making sure the contracts to Robert's office were sent, could do the same.

Anna drove out of the parking garage and turned south toward home. Her route took her past her office and the coffee shop where she had to use all her willpower not to stop. Three blocks beyond, however, she spied the familiar swish of a cream colored uniform making its way down the sidewalk. She slowed and eased her convertible 250 SL to the curb. She checked the rear view mirror to make sure it was Casey and it was. She turned in the seat pressing her bare knee against the console. She placed her right arm along the back of the seat and her left arm over the steering wheel. As Casey reached her car, Anna watched her through her dark sunglasses as Casey turned and then smiled. Slowly she pointed a finger at Anna and said. "Double shot, low fat."

Anna pulled her sunglasses off and replied. "That's what you remember?"

Casey just grinned.

"Want a ride?" Anna asked.

"I just live a block away." Casey answered.

"Who said I was going to take you home?" Anna offered. 

Casey giggled and pulled her cell phone out of her pocket. She dialed and waited and Anna waited and finally Casey spoke. "Mom, I'm going out with some friends from work. I'll be home later." Casey waited, "Of course." She then replied into the phone. With her phone back in her pocket, she walked up to the passenger door, opened it and slid into the seat. Her dress slid up on her thighs but she didn't seem to notice. Anna did, casually.

Anna looked at her. "So we're friends?" Casey shrugged and then giggled again. As the car dropped into gear and pulled from the curb, Anna said. "I'm starving, how about you?" When she looked at Casey, she was nodding. "Rupert's it is."

They drove across town to a famous drive-in called Rupert's. It was famous, at least in Arizona, for double hamburgers and spiced up French fries served in paper cups. Anna pulled to a stall and pushed a button on an old fashioned speaker. The car was quiet as the two waited for their order. Casey spent a long time just looking out the window and Anna, whenever possible, was admiring young Casey's exposed thighs.

When the order came, Anna set the bag in Casey's lap and the two drinks in the cup holders in the console. As she backed the car out, Casey opened the bag and just as fast, Anna took hold of her hand. "Oh no, sweetie, not in my car. Those things are great but they're so messy they need to be eaten outside. Just hold on. Anna drove west on highway 12 to a turnoff leading to Spring Branch Lake. Once there, she turned into a parking area with picnic tables.

The two got out and Casey followed Anna past the tables and down to the edge of the lake. "Alright, break those babies out."

Casey handed Anna a burger and unwrapped her own. The two devoured burgers and drinks trying not to let the grease, Catsup and mustard drip on their clothes. When they were finished. Anna took a handkerchief from a pocket, wet it in the lake and wiped her hands. She then took Casey's left hand, held it gently and began to wipe it also. When she had finished, she repeated the cleaning of Casey's right hand. "I better get you home." 

"I don't have to be home for a while." Casey offered. 

Anna ran the fingers of her right hand along Casey's chin. Lifting her face slightly and then she pushed some hair from her eyes. "I better get you home." She repeated. Casey just nodded and followed Anna back to the car. They were both quiet until the car came to a stop in front of Casey's apartment building where she lived with her mother.

Anna took a business card from her purse and wrote something on the back and handed it to Casey. She looked directly at her. My home address is on the back along with my number. You're welcome, just call first." Casey took the card, looked at it and then nodded. She started to get out of the car. "Casey." Anna said. "You need to know something."

Casey smiled. "You're gay."

Anna smiled back. "A certainly am."

On Wednesday afternoon, Anna was at her desk. It was close to three when Heather looked in and said. "A Casey O'Shay is on the phone. Sounds too young to be a client." Heather smiled at Anna. "Sounds too young, period."

Anna picked up the receiver and before she pressed the line button she replied. "Like you would know."

After Heather had closed the door, Anna said. "Hello, Casey?"

There was a long quiet. "Casey?" Anna repeated.

Anna? I. I was wondering if I could come over today, I mean tonight, or really this afternoon."

"Slow down Casey." Anna smiled to herself. "I would be happy for you to come over. How about six?"

"Sure." Casey replied. "I'll see you then."

"Casey?" Anna said.

"Yes?" Casey replied.

"Why don't you plan on staying the night?" Anna suggested.

"Oh, I'm not sure I..." Casey hesitated.

"Casey?" Anna said

"Yes?" Casey answered.

Anna smiled. "Plan on staying."

"Okay." Casey said.

At a few minutes after six Casey placed a tentative knock on Anna's front door. Anna opened it to find a very nervous young girl. She was wearing a short black skirt with a black tee and black sneakers. Cute as could be, Anna thought. In contrast, Anna was wearing cream colored linen shorts and a dark blue top with a thin strap over one shoulder. She was bare footed.

"Come in." She said and moved to the side to let Casey pass. She led her into the den and set on the sofa. Casey stood. Anna patted the cushion beside her and Casey finally and slowly set down. As she watched the girl, Casey fidgeted with the hem of her skirt. 

Anna put a hand over Casey's. "Relax."

"I've never." Casey began.

Anna placed her fingers under Casey's chin. Lifted her face up and leaned in., kissing her softly. Casey did not pull away. Anna ran her fingers around the back of Casey's head and drew her near. She kissed her again, this time pressing her tongue to Casey's lips and her lips parted accepting Anna. The two continued there on the sofa, and Anna gradually became more embolden, letting her hand roam under Casey's skirt and along her thigh. When Anna drew her fingers across Casey's leg and down between them, Casey eased her legs apart inviting Anna to explore her sex. When Anna's fingers brushed Casey's panty covered mound, she moaned into Anna's mouth. Anna stopped and stood up.

"Come with me." Anna said and held out her hand.

Casey stood and Anna led her into the hall and up the stairs. When they entered Anna's bedroom, Anna released her hand and walked to the side of the bed. When she turned to face Casey, she was unbuttoning the top of her shorts and then she slid down the zipper as Casey looked on. Anna's eyes never left Casey's as she slid the shorts over her hips. She stepped out of them and tossed them aside. She then pulled her top over her head and dropped it too. When she unhooked her bra and let it slide forward over her shoulders and down her arms, Casey could not take her eyes off of her. Now down to her panties, Anna held out a hand beckoning Casey to come to her. As Casey moved to in front of Anna, Anna ran her hands over her shoulders and down her back. She kissed the young beauty and then whispered. "I want you to take off my panties."

Casey was trembling. "It's no time to be frightened." Anna whispered.

When Casey brought her hands to the waistband of Anna's panties, she softly said. "Kneel down."

Casey slowly knelt until she was on her knees in front of Anna. Her fingers trembled as she slid them into the top of her panties and began to pull them over her hips. As they fluttered down Anna's legs, she lifted one leg and then the other letting Casey pull them free. Anna placed a hand at the back of Casey's head and urged her closer. When her mouth touched Anna's thigh, Anna took her head on both hands and guided her to her sex, Casey extended her tongue and Anna let it brush across the folds of her labia. That was when she knew young Casey was hers.

Anna set down on the edge of the bed and as Casey watched, she pulled herself up into the center of the bed. She watched Casey who was still on her knees. Anna drew her knees up and moved her legs wide apart. She cupped her small breasts and then let her hands slid slowly down her chest and over her abdomen. She slid the index finger of both hands down the sides of her sex and then spread her labia exposing her moist pink entrance. "Come here."

Casey slowly stood up. "Do you want me to undress?"

"Later." Anna replied. She arched her back lifting her ass slightly and still spreading her flower.

"I don't know what." Casey started.

"Shush." Anna said. And come here." As Casey crawled onto the bed Anna added. "We have all night and I promise, you will learn." When Casey was within reach, Anna took her head in her hands and pulled her to her pussy. Casey started licking her with long strokes as Anna guided her. Anna was raising her ass as she worked Casey's mouth over her sex. "Oh God I have wanted this for weeks." Anna moaned. "Your tongue, push your tongue in me." Anna gasped as the young beauty shoved her tongue into her as deep as she could. "Oh my God. Yes. Fuck." Anna moaned in pleasure. She had been thinking about this possibility since the first day she saw Casey and now it was happening. 

Anna came way too fast and she came hard and her juices gushed onto Casey's tongue and Casey lapped at her new teacher. It was a whole new world she was in and she was wanted and she was being loved and Casey was very happy. She felt the moisture between her legs grow as she continued to lick and suck Anna's pussy. 

When Anna finally fell quiet and her hands released Casey's head and her arms fell onto the bed, Casey paused and looked up to Anna. Without lifting her head off of the bed, Anna reached, curling the fingers of her right hand into Casey's hair. She twisted hard and guided Casey's mouth back to her sex. 

Just as Casey started to complain, her mouth was pressed into Anna's sex again and Anna began to slowly grind her lips in small circles and Casey returned to sucking and lapping her vaginal depths. 

It took a long ten minutes of steady attention from Casey until Anna was once again working her ass in time with Casey's tongue. "My God this is so good. 

I'm going to explode again." Anna mumbled. "Tongue, in me, deeper. God damn it, deeper." Anna pulled Casey's hair hard, forcing her mouth onto her pussy. "Fuck, suck me, Jesus, suck." Anna's sounds turned to just babble as her ass rose into the air and Casey's head bent backwards and Anna panted and tugged her hair and came hard once more.

It was some time the two had lay still locked together before a timid Casey dare to lift her head and speak. She whispered. "I need to pee."

Anna laughed softly and patted Casey's head. "Go sweetie, you surely earned it." Casey quietly slid off of the bed and went to the bathroom. When she returned, Anna was laying on her side and watched her walk to the bed. "Undress." Anna said.

Without a word, Casey unbuttoned and unzipped her skirt and let it fall. She stepped out of it and then pulled off her tee. When her bra had been removed, she slipped per panties down and looked at Anna. "What a fucking body."

Casey was expecting that Anna was about to return the favors she had just given Anna. Her tight little pussy was aching with want as she watched Anna roll onto her stomach, draw her knees up and lift her ass high. "Now." Was all Anna said and Casey knew her turn would have to wait. Anna had wanted her for a long time. Anna had said so. So Casey felt it was her obligation to serve her. Casey crawled onto the bed behind Anna and lowered her mouth to Anna's waiting sex. When her tongue passed down the folds of her labia Anna moaned and rocked and Casey went back to work on Anna's pussy. 

Casey's tongue found Anna's vaginal entrance and she worked herself as deep into Anna as she could and began a steady tongue fucking of her. Anna was whimpering as she worked her cunt on Casey's tongue. "Holy fuck." Anna cried. "Deep. Deeper." Anna grunted and she began to coat Casey's tongue with her juice and Casey stopped fucking her to lap up the sex Anna was letting flow. 

This climax was a long slow drawn out one. There was no gut twisting lightning bolt this time but a steady tremor that seemed to go forever. Casey sucked and Anna vibrated. Casey lapped her juices and Anna moaned. When she finally fell forward onto the bed, Casey just followed and lay her head on Anna's ass cheek.

When Anna finally stirred again, she simply arched her back causing Casey to look up. Anna's hands came to her ass cheeks and Casey watched as Anna spread them wide apart. "Lick me here." Anna ordered. When Casey hesitated, Anna lifted her ass touching Casey's face. "Now." Anna said.

Casey lowered her mouth to Anna's soft cool Ass. She kissed over both before running her tongue down Anna's crack. "Oh yea." Anna moaned. When Casey's tongue touched Anna's anus, she jerked and then pushed back. "My God, yes, right there. Do me, please." Casey hear it. Anna was pleading. She began licking her tongue around the tight brown ring. She would push at it as she passed over the center and she lapped at Anna's ass. As she worked her tongue at Anna's sphincter, it began to yield causing Anna to whimper with pleasure. The harder Casey pushed her tongue into Anna's anus, the more Anna moaned and that caused Casey to want to go even deeper into her lover.

With her tongue now buried in Anna's ass, she slid her hand between Anna's legs finding her pussy. As Casey licked, she rubbed Anna's pussy and then slid two fingers into her vagina. The duel attack sent Anna over the orgasmic edge for the fourth time. Ana was moaning and cussing and babbling. She shoved her ass into the air as young Casey lashed at her anus and pumped her cunt. Anna was dripping sex onto the bed as she finally fell flat and went still. Casey rolled off of Anna and onto her back. Her own pussy was on fire.
