 How Chapter 1 finished: ………………..

She almost skipped into the house as the reality of her sexual adventure hit home. "What had she done?" she shook her head, but she couldn't stop smiling as she stripped off her clothes and flung herself naked onto the bed stretching out remembering the wonderful feelings she'd experienced and feeling herself. 

"I just can't believe what I've done," she thought. As she stroked her pussy a little of David's cum still came out of her and she licked her fingers tasting his fluids and falling slowly into a long peaceful and contented sleep. 

Chapter 2: Sally's Second Coming

Beautiful 24 year old Sally awoke with a start! The phone was ringing. As she shook herself into the world she realised that it was daylight outside and looked at the clock on the bedside table. It was 10am. 

As her head became clearer, her adventures of the previous day came flooding back to her.

It had started on the Friday in London with the seminar on Pornography, which, as a freelance journalist, she was contracted to cover for a major Sunday newspaper. She had met David, Karen and Angie who made porn films. They offered her the opportunity to witness them making a porn film and yesterday, back in their home in Nottingham, she'd joined them to see how films like this were made. 

In her rather naïve way she'd expected to just stand by and watch, never realising that they were setting her up. Before she took in what was happening to her, she'd been stripped naked, tied-up on a purpose built bondage frame and David licked and fucked her through a fantastic series of gut wrenching orgasms while the girls filmed it all. Sally had never been tied up and fucked before and she almost forgot that she was making a porn movie.

Sally half-expected that it would be her married boy-friend John on the phone as she was due to meet him later in the day. She picked up the handset and pressed the talk button and she was rather pleased that it was Karen's voice that greeted her: …..

"I'm working on a new project with Angie and we're hoping to find some more gear for the studio. If you don't mind, I'll ring you tomorrow with a proposition which I hope you'll accept. Can't say any more just now but I'll ring you," leaving Sally standing naked by her window exposing herself to the street. Fortunately no-one was about as she went back to her bed and just lay there thinking about everything that had happened and now Karen sounded as if there was more to come.

She went into the shower and took ages washing. One thing that was uppermost in her mind was the need to finish with her married boyfriend John. Even though he'd done nothing wrong, Sally couldn't face having sex with him again after what had happened and anyway, he'd always got his wife to go back to. It sounded harsh but Sally was a very different woman today. 

When she finished her shower she rang him on his mobile. He was obviously still at home because his end of the conversation was very stilted as if worried about his wife listening. This actually made the task of dumping him easier for Sally because he could hardly plead with her while his family were around him. Sally just finished by saying "Goodbye, Darling and thank you for everything." and hung up.

She didn't cry and just felt numb as she settled down to make some breakfast then sit down and watch the TV for a bit. Eventually she got her mind in gear and started to write up her report for the newspaper and found it quite easy. She tried to write it in an informed and knowing way to try and convince her readers that she knew what she was talking about, and it worked. As she proof read it afterwards, she was amazed at how sexy and stimulating it read and she knew she'd got it right.

She emailed the text off to the newspaper in PDF format to stop them altering it and she then got down to writing something on a similar line for Hello magazine as well under her assumed name of Shelly Conrad. This way she'd get twice the money for basically the same story. The newspaper would just assume that someone else was at the seminar. 

Once this article was emailed she sat back when her mobile rang. It was nearly 11pm and she half expected John but it was number she didn't recognise. As soon as she spoke into the phone she immediately recognised the voice on the other end – it was Karen. 

"Sally darling, couldn't wait until tomorrow would you be willing to come and join us over her in the morning as we've got this idea for a film and we want you to take part in it, if you're up for it again?" 

"Are we talking about sex again?" asked Sally, regretting it as soon as she said it.

"Sweetheart, it's what we do and we want to top yesterday's session with you again if you'll come – excuse the pun?"

Sally's heart was beating overtime again at the candid way Karen just burst out with it. How could she not agree after yesterday? It was the most mind-blowing sexual adventure she'd ever had and they wanted to top that? "Oh God Karen, what can I say? Yes please."

"Brilliant. We'll come round and pick you up about 10 sweetheart, OK? Must dash. See you in the morning," and she was gone.

This left Sally with the prospect of another fitful nights sleep as her mind started racing and going over what Karen had said. As she lay naked on her bed, Sally felt her pussy and through the wetness of her arousal she felt the stubble of her pubic hair starting to grow. She got up and went to her bathroom cabinet and took out her lady shaver and started to shave until she was as smooth as ever. The vibration of the shaver made her even more aroused and for the first time in many years she brought herself off to a very satisfying orgasm. She'd not masturbated for a long time and this felt so good and so natural as the now familiar tremors shot through her. 

-----------------------------------------------

Karen arrived early at 9.30 but Sally was ready, so off they went the short journey across the city. It was still very busy from the morning rush-hour made worse by the school run vehicles, but it only took 15 minutes.

Karen drove their BMW Mini into the garage under the house and the doors closed automatically behind them. There was a door from the garage straight into the reception hall and they quickly went through to the studio.

The big steel frame had been folded away and a triangular steel frame (Sally thought it looked like a child's swing) was in the centre of the room with the familiar chains and straps from the top corner and from the frame crossbar along the floor which kept the legs rigid. Sally realised straight away that this was to tie somebody up vertically rather than on their backs. This time she knew it was going to be her and she went underneath and reached up and had to jump just to touch the overhead bar. The chains didn't seem very long either but it all became clear to her a few minutes later.

No-one else seemed to be there except Karen who had gone to the console again to check that all the cameras were working.

"Sally, I want you to strip naked and then display all of your body to the camera. OK? I mean all of it, bending down and also opening your legs and pulling your pussy lips apart as well. Just like a tart at a strip joint. OK wait for me to signal you and we'll start," as Karen set the cameras going and motioned Sally to start and just stood watching her young protégé.

In no time at all Sally was naked and displaying herself as she ran her hands all over her breasts and tummy until they were between her legs and she rubbed her fingers over her pussy then licking her fingers. Karen was making silent clapping motions and nodding her head. Karen was now stripping as well, as Sally turned her back to the camera opened her legs wide and bent down showing her pussy from behind then used one hand to open up for the camera showing her very wet pussy and swollen clitoris to the camera.

Karen had stripped off by now behind the camera and now came over and whispered in her ear, "Brilliant, that really worked for me, I think I'm almost as turned on as you looking at your pussy darling, all wet and ready for fucking," 

Sally had to admire the beautiful Karen as she walked naked over towards her. Her body was superb and her pussy was also shaved, as she came up close to Sally, kissed her full on the lips and took Sally's hand guiding her under the frame and her wrists were quickly secured in the two corner chains and straps. 

Sally had not even considered a lesbian relationship with any girl but with Karen naked at the side of her she was starting to think about it. She'd heard that only a woman can really satisfy a woman and maybe that was what Karen meant on the phone. Sally was looking at Karen's fantastic figure when she was suddenly pulled up off her feet as Karen wound a handle on the side of the frame. Sally's was struggling as her weight was now being held by her arms as she wriggled to get comfortable.

Karen then reached over to a table near the wall and picked up a red ball with white ribbon attached. She went back to Sally who was struggling hanging there and pushed the ball in between Sally teeth and tied the ribbons round the back of her head under her hair. Karen then took one of Sally's ankles and strapped it into one of the floor chains, and as she took the other ankle Sally's legs were pulled very wide apart indeed, leaving her suspended with her feet nearly 6inches off the ground. Sally looked absolutely amazing with her pussy stretched in her X spread bondage position again but this time suspended off the ground.

Sally wanted to scream as the pressure on her arms and shoulders caused her some distress, but she was a fit young lady and she grabbed the chains and pulled which took some of the strain. 

Just as she was getting used to being tied up, Angie and three other girls appeared from the other room all totally naked and came towards her prone naked body. Sally suddenly realised that they'd done it to her again. This was a lesbian group video and she was going to be their victim.

Bev, Teri and Jodie were the three new girls. Sally she was only introduced to them after they'd finished fucking her. They all worked with Angie and Karen in their films and now they were going to help bring their naked bound prisoner into their lesbian world.

There was a narrow flat trolley near the wall, which looked a bit like a hospital trolley but narrower and Karen pulled it over behind Sally as Angie, Bev, Teri and Jodie came up close to Sally and started to caress her body. With two naked girls on either side Sally had every square inch of her body explored with the amazing feather light touch of these girls fingers. The only parts not touched were her ankles and wrist. Sally couldn't move other than squirm in her ecstasy at this exquisite treatment. Having four pairs of female hands touching every intimate part of her was having its effect as she swooned as each of them in turn opened her up and gently fingered her gaping pussy. Sally jerked at their touch as her arousal was reaching its peak again.

Her breasts were standing firm and Bev and Jodie started licking her nipples. Angie and Teri were lightly stroking both of Sally's thighs and her spread bottom. Sally was in heaven and it was girls that put her there. These girls really knew how to really pleasure a woman and Sally could only moan as her gag stopped her screaming.

All of a sudden Sally felt something else between her legs as Karen appeared lying face up on the trolley and had come underneath her spread legs and Angie lined her up and started pumping the adjusting lever until Karen mouth was right into Sally's pussy. There were now ten hands caressing Sally's naked body but Karen was going to administer the coup-de-grace. Using both hands to pull Sally lips apart Karen commenced to give this beautiful girl her first lesbian cunnilingus and Sally obliged as her whole body started shuddering and a fine jet of fluid shot out from her all over Karen's face as she came. Her whole body was jerking as this massive oral orgasm blew her apart.

When they all looked at this part of the film afterwards, they all agreed that it was the best lesbian group induced orgasm on any girl they'd ever seen. 

Sally just kept coming as Karen licked her pussy and the other four girls caressed her all over. This was one absolutely earth shattering orgasm which seemed to have a life of its own as Sally was in her own sexual heaven in the greatest orgasm of her young life and they weren't finished with her yet. The reason for the ball gag in her mouth now became apparent as Sally's orgasmic screams were muffled.

Karen pulled away and Angie took her place. Though Sally did not know, Angie is well known as the fastest tongue licker in the porn world in Britain and many girls have had their greatest orgasms thanks to her and now it was Sally's turn. Angie pushed her tongue as deep inside Sally's pussy at it would go and started lapping and almost chewing her clitoris until Sally was jerking again. Just as Sally seemed to be reaching her orgasm again Angie gave her the benefit of her formula one tongue as she gave her another titanic eruption and amazingly she squirted slightly again which is almost unheard of.

Sally was almost passing out as wave after wave of her orgasm ripped through her.

Bev untied her ball gag and pulled Sally's head and started kissing her with her tongue right into Sally's mouth. Teri and Jodie each had one of Sally's breasts in their mouths and they started sucking and licking until the mounds under her nipples were raised like mini breasts. How much more could Sally take. 

Karen was to find out as she got a tiny vibrator and switched it to high power. Going round behind Sally she leaned over Angie's naked body and opened up the cheeks of Sally's bottom and slid the vibrator tip onto Sally's tiny anal opening and allowed her cheeks to trap the vibe in place powering its vibrations into her anus as she let it go. 

If there was a limit to what a girl could take then this amazing treatment took Sally to it, as the vibrations shot through her like an electric shock. Karen was now running her nails gently up and down Sally's spine and back to ensure that no erogenous zone on her body was being left untouched.

Later, as they all watched the film of this part showing five naked girls making love to their sex slave; they all agreed it was absolutely stunning. A beautiful little naked girl tied up in an X while one girl licks her pussy, one girl licking and sucking each of her breasts, one girl scratching down her back, one girl French kissing her and a vibrator powering itself on her anus.

Sally was getting everything and more and her final orgasm caused her to faint. 

Karen saw the change in Sally's condition as she went limp in her restraints and quickly pulled Angie and Bev away and pulled the vibrator out. Jodie and Teri got hold of her as Karen and Angie released her from her bondage. They lifted her onto the trolley and Sally, thankfully, coughed and started to wake up again, much to the delight of the girls. Just for a short time they thought they'd fucked her to death.

They laid Sally on her back on the trolley and Teri and Bev, who run their own massage business, started massaging Sally's arms and across her chest to ease the stress which had built up, then they massaged her thighs to bring some life into them.

As Sally lay there gasping for air as she recovered from her extreme treatment, she knew beyond doubt deep down that she'd just experienced another level of orgasm. This was even better than with David and that was amazing. But there was still more to come now she was on the trolley.

Bev, Teri and Jodie have been practicing lesbians for a long time and it was them that had persuaded Angie to join them in their group sessions. What a bonus for the gay girls to have such a wonderful oral expert in their ranks and they have reciprocated by performing in the lesbian films which Karen and Angie now make more often than straight girl / boy films. Karen still likes the men but has learnt from the girls how much she can enjoy by enjoying girls and boys. It was now time for them to try out there skills on a straight girl and as Sally lay there getting her breath back they opened her leg again and took it in turns to give Sally's pussy another session of lesbian licking.

Amazingly Sally still had enough in her to enjoy it as each girl worked their magic on her clitoris, though she was not sure whether she'd come or not after the eruptions she previously enjoyed. She lay there being caressed and pussy licked for nearly half an hour when Angie suddenly brought her down to earth with a bang. 

"Come on Sally, you've got your bit to do now. Up you get," she ordered pulling a very weak Sally to her unsteady feet. "Your next task is to perform oral sex on all five of us girls until each of has had an orgasm."

Sally could only stand and watch as Angie lay on her back on the trolley and opened her legs wide apart as the other girls held her. "Go for it Sally, have your first taste of pussy," shouted Karen with encouragement from the others.

Sally knelt down at the side of the trolley between Angie's thighs and looked at her beautiful shaved pussy and she pulled Angie's pussy lips apart and revealed her clitoris which was quite pronounced, before putting her face in and started licking her as she seen David do to her on her DVD. It must have been right for Angie immediately jerked at Sally's first touch on her most sensitive area. It made Angie realised how aroused she was after being involved in all that session with Sally. 

It was hardly surprising when Angie exploded in a screaming orgasm in less than a couple of minutes. Sally was surprised how nice Angie's pussy fluids tasted and she'd brought an experienced porn star to an orgasm in her first attempt at oral sex on a woman. 

Sally licked each of the girl's pussies in turn with all the other girls helping by caressing and kissing until Sally achieved her task and brought each of them to an orgasm.

Sally was driven back home in the early afternoon and as she let herself in, Karen pushed a DVD case into her hand. "This is your session with David: Enjoy it and we'll be in touch soon for your next session. I think I know what to do for you next, but you'll have to wait a few days while we set it up. See you babe," and Karen was gone.

Sally was absolutely shattered as her mind went over and over the day's events and she popped the DVD into her player and she was absolutely amazed to see herself naked tied and fucked on screen. Sally now knew she was a porn star and she loved every minute of it. 

She could hardly wait until the phone rang again, three days later ............................................

To be continued.