 Sally Petersen was on the horns of a dilemma. Standing alone and naked in a steamy hotel bathroom, she tried to piece together exactly what had happened and how she got to where she was.

The call had come yesterday afternoon. Ellen Wilson was the wife of Bob's boss. There was a trade show in Chicago and they'd both be gone for the next two weeks. Ellen told Sally, that it'd be a perfect time for them to take the weekend and have a little shopping spree in the city. She'd been insistent that Sally go with her. Ellen was good at that, and Sally found that saying no just wasn't an option.

They had taken the train into the city the next morning and spent the day going from shop to shop. Lunch in a sidewalk Bistro, Dinner in an upscale hotel restaurant. Ellen was good company, even if she acted more like a guide sometimes than a companion. Sally didn't really mind though. It was nice to get away, not to have to think about the day to day issues of running a household and raising kids.

Ellen had booked a suite for them for the entire weekend. The kids were old enough to manage themselves and Bob's mom was going to check in on them to make sure no shenanigans were going on.

Now she was standing naked on one side of the door as Ellen spoke to her in confident unhurried tones from the other side.

"Just so you know." Ellen began, "I've removed everything and anything you could cover yourself up with including the bathroom towels and such. Everything is in the suite's front closet, and I have the key."

"Why are you doing this, Ellen!" Sally pleaded.

"It's very simple, dear." Ellen explained patiently. "Your husband works for my husband. In fact, when my husband is off on one of his business trips, your husband is usually right there with him. I do get so...lonely. Don't you, dear?"

"Sometimes. But what has this got to do with locking up all my clothes?" Sally asked. "It just doesn't make any sense."

"It will shortly, dear." Ellen stated calmly. "You see, you're the perfect answer. At first I thought of finding some young boy-toy, but there are too many risks involved. Men always end up talking. Particularly when they have no incentive to remain silent."

"Are you talking about having an affair?" Sally gasped.

"Like I said, that was the initial idea." Ellen said. "A woman has needs, darling. Then I thought of you. You're alone when I'm alone, you're quite attractive, and most importantly you enjoy being told what to do."

"What are you getting at?" Sally asked in confusion.

"If you talk, then it's your word against mine." Ellen said plainly. "Besides, if Tom finds out, he'd surely file for divorce. And if push came to shove, I could pressure my husband to fire him. But if you do exactly as I say, then life goes on, only a little more exciting and a little richer."

"You'd do that...to me? To Tom and me?" Sally boggled.

"Indeed. But something tells me I won't have to. That you'll be a good girl for me." Ellen said with obvious amusement.

"Oh..." Sally submitted. It was so hard to say no to Ellen once she had her mind made up about something. "What do I need to do?"

"I'm going to open the door up, dear." Ellen explained. "And then you're going to join me in bed, and you're going to please me with your sassy little body."

"You've got to be kidding, Ellen!" Sally gasped. "You know I'm not into women! I've never even...I'm not a lezzie..."

"Oh, that doesn't matter. You'll learn. Maybe you'll actually like it. Who knows?" Ellen chuckled. "The fact that you and Tom are the poster kids for straight makes it all the better. Nobody is ever going to suspect any improprieties between us as long as we're discreet. But behind closed doors, darling, you're going to be mine. Whenever and however I want." She finished.

Sally tried to think of a way out of it, but God, that woman wasn't giving her enough room to maneuver a way out. It seemed so simple the way she put it. Maybe she should just play along for now, and figure it out later. It was always easier just to do what you were told, after all.

Ellen opened the door. She was naked. Still in remarkably good shape if just a little matronly, but it gave her character. She had always been the epitome of casual conservative class, and now Sally saw that without clothes the way she moved and her presence indicated that the root of this was in her bearing far more than her style choices.

Ellen took her hand and walked her to the edge of the bed. Held her at arms-length for a few seconds and took in the taught soccer mom's curves.

"What do you want me to do?" Sally muttered.

"Just kiss me, darling." Ellen whispered, easing them both down onto the bed.

Sally felt the older woman's breasts grazing her own. It felt foreign, but not at all unpleasant. Then she felt Ellen's lips touch her own. It wasn't what she expected. It wasn't much like kissing Tom. It was soft and sweet and had a certain energy behind it that was different. She could feel Ellen's nipples harden and the initial shock and nervousness gradually morphing into something that was almost soothing.

When Ellen's tongue probed Sally's mouth, Sally felt herself melt a little. To this point she'd just been letting her friend do what she was going to do, not knowing how she was supposed to react. But gradually, she found herself answering Ellen's explorations with a few of her own. It was so wrong on so many different levels, but it felt nice in a way too.

Ellen's hand caressed her cheek, tracing the edge of her ear as she drew their mouths together in a firmer affirmation of passion. Sally had never been kissed like this before, and she felt the slightest moan escape from the depths of her throat.

They kissed for what seemed like an hour. Their hands touching and exploring, until Ellen brought one hard nipple to Sally's lips. Sally hesitated a second. This was wrong. Women weren't supposed to suck each other's boobs, but it felt warm and nice and she knew Ellen wanted it, so she gently placed her mouth over the nipple and sucked it gently out to a kiss.

"Yes, darling. Like that." Ellen encouraged in a sultry voice. "You're making me so wet."

Sally didn't know if that was a good thing or a bad thing, but she liked the warm sweetness, the changing texture, of Ellen's nipple and the softness of her breasts, and she began to alternate between kissing and sucking as her other hand naturally strayed to the other breast teasing the nipple there firmly but gently.

It was wrong. It was unnatural. And it was exciting the hell out of her. Ellen was fairly squirming in Sally's arms as each renewed return of her mouth and hands became bolder and more confident. Sally was aware of her own wetness. Like a fire being stoked in a stove that was crackling away between her legs.

Ellen's hands were on her shoulders, urging her downward. Sally felt the down of Ellen's pussy against her nose. Ellen was lightly trimmed, looking like a 1980's playboy bunny, which she probably could have been. It smelled rich and somehow inviting. Sally had expected another woman's sex would be gross, would be a huge turn-off. 

Sally pulled back for a moment to look at her friend's vagina. The hair was drenched and her labia soaked. Sally could see Ellen's clit, swollen and peeking out from its hood. Ellen's hand found the back of Sally's head; firm but insistent. The pungent tangy sweetness of her nectar rising as Sally took in her scent. This was the ultimate dirty. This was crossing a Rubicon from which there was no returning. The hand on the back of her head was telling her what to do. She always like to be told what to do. And when her mouth found her friend's sex, she knew she'd been right to just go with it.

Ellen tasted like nothing Sally had expected. Sweet, tangy, complex, and totally delicious. It was wrong. Lezzies. Rug Munchers. Dykes. All the invective she'd learned went flying through her head to simply bounce off the overwhelmingness of the experience. She was eating Ellen's pussy, and Ellen was about to cum in her face.

She probably would have said later, that it was just the moment. Feeling Ellen's quivering pussy against her mouth as her friend's hands nested in Sally's hair and she launched into spasm after spasm of pleasure. She might have said it was a once in a lifetime, bucket list kind of moment. Except then there was the second time, and a third, and then she kinda lost count. Fell asleep. Woke up. And continued where they'd left off...for the remainder of the weekend...

It was with a mixture of satiation and exhaustion that they boarded the train home. Sally could still smell Ellen's essence on herself, and they spoke very little as they marshalled their purchases and returned home to their families; two conservative straight housewives.

In the dark train station parking lot, Ellen walked Sally to her car. Kissed her softly goodbye and whispered. "My house. As soon as the kids are off to school."

Sally was a little shocked. They'd just had two full days of the most amazing sex. "Okay..." she replied softly. After all, she did like being told what to do.