 Author's Note: All characters appearing in this work are fictitious and are eighteen years of age or older. The web forum mentioned in this story is fictional, as are the users names and any other information. Any resemblance to real persons, living or dead, is purely coincidental.

Accidental Lesbians

Chapter Two: Study Buddies

Oct 28Private MessageFrom: SexGuru4UTo: Mandy1993Re: Anal Advice ~ Help!

>I felt very weird having an orgasm from another woman touching>me. Not to mention that I didn't even think you could have one in the>butt. Does this make me a lesbian? I never thought of women that>way.

Hi Mandy,

I'm a straight guy, so I'm probably not the best person to answer your question. And to be honest, I didn't know you were planning to do this to each other. I will say this though, I think that it's something you need to figure out for yourself.

How did it go with your boyfriend? Did you like it?

Rex

---------------------------------------------------------

Oct 29Private MessageFrom: Mandy1993To: SexGuru4USubject: Anal Advice ~ Help!

Hi Rex,

We never did it with our boyfriends. It's kind of a long story, butt basically we got our report cards and the parental authorities were not amused, so they grounded us until further notice. Our boyfriends went to the party without us, and they ended up pulling a train on Melissa Shatner―who's a total slut BTW (butt you probably figured that part out).

As soon as we found out what happened, we broke up with them (via text message―short and sweet).

I was relieved in a way―I wanted to put all of the butt stuff behind me (so to speak : ) and I thought I did, butt you're not going to believe what happened next.

I was over at Erin's house today after school. I've been trying to avoid her since the day she finger-fucked my ass and made me cum, butt now I don't have any choice. The parental authorities decided we have to be study buddies until our grades improve―I'm horrible at Math and Erin needs help with English.

We had just finished the last of our homework, and Erin said, "Homework sucks!"

And stupid me (who couldn't keep her mouth shut) said, "Yeah, butt it could be worse, at least we're not sticking our fingers up each other's butts."

Erin laughed and said, "Yeah, I guess you're right, but I don't know . . ."

"Don't know what?" stupid me asked.

"Maybe we should keep practicing, so that we're ready when the time comes. What do you think?"

Fuck! that's what I thought.

I didn't know what to say. Part of me wanted to say no, the other part (the part down there, as the 50 Shades lady calls it) was dying to say yes.

"Okay." I finally decided, desire trumping discretion.

And then, OMG, Erin said, "Did you . . . you know? The last time."

Double Fuck!

I couldn't lie, she knew I did. It was pretty obvious (I make a lot of noise when I get off. I can't help it : p)

I was so embarrassed. I looked away from her and quietly said, "Yes."

And then, Triple Fuck! Erin said, "What was it like? I've never had one."

"Good," I said, trying to be all nonchalant about it.

"Do you think . . . if we did it again, that I would . . . you know?"

"I don't know," I honestly told her.

"It felt good the last time," Erin said. "I was getting close, but when you put the other finger in, it was too much."

"I'm sorry." I didn't know what else to say.

Then her mom came into the room and asked how the homework was going, so that ended that conversation. Thank God!

Now, I don't know what to do. For some crazy reason I really want to make her cum like she did for me―thinking about it is making me horny as hell (and let me tell you, hell must be pretty damn horny ; ). Not to mention the fact that I can't stop thinking about her touching me again.

Tomorrow is a Teacher Slack Off day and there's no school, so we have the whole day to experiment.

Any advice?

Thanks,

Mandy

PS Thanks again for all your help. Hope I'm not being a pain in the ass (lol, in the ass, get it? : )

---------------------------------------------------------

Oct 29Private MessageFrom: SexGuru4UTo: Mandy1993Re: Anal Advice ~ Help!

Hi Mandy,

No worries. I'm glad to be of help.

It sounds like you might have rushed it the last time with your friend. Try being more patient this time. And I would only use one finger if that's all she's comfortable with. Also it would be a good idea, as you're going along, to ask her how it feels and if she wants you to go slow/faster, softer/harder, deeper etc.

And to be honest with you, even if your friend enjoys it, she may not be able to have an orgasm that way. My girlfriend can only cum if she (or I) plays with her clit while I fuck or play with her ass. Maybe you can try that, if that's something you're comfortable with it.

After Erin is relaxed enough for you to easily slide your finger in and out of her ass, turn her over and use your thumb, or the fingers of your other hand, to play with her pussy and her clit.

Good Luck!

Rex

---------------------------------------------------------

Oct 30Private MessageFrom: Mandy1993To: SexGuru4URe: Anal Advice ~ Help!

Hi Rex,

Holy fuck!

You're not going to believe what happened. We were about to get started and Erin said she had something she wanted to ask me.

"What?" I said.

I could tell she was nervous―she was looking down at the floor, shoe gazing, avoiding eye contact. "It's kind of embarrassing," she finally said.

"It's okay," I told her. "What is it?"

"Will you spank me?" she asked in quiet voice. "Please," she added.

"What?" I replied, totally surprised by what she had just said.

Erin must have read my reaction because she said, "I'm sorry. I never should have . . ."

Okay, so I over-reacted. I could tell she was hurt.

"It's alright, Erin," I said. "Do you need to get spanked?" I asked her, hoping it might make her feel better.

"Yes," she said softly. "I need to be punished."

"How come? For what?"

"I've been bad," Erin said. "I've been having naughty thoughts."

"About what?"

"About you," she said.

Okay, I'm thinking, WTF? Is this really happening? You know what they say about the quiet ones.

So, now what was I supposed to do. I didn't know what to say. I've never spanked anyone before (and never been spanked myself). But she seemed so wanting, so desperate, I just couldn't say no.

And I don't know why I was being so weird about this. I mean, I had already stuck my finger up her butt. Spanking is pretty tame compared to that, right? So I decided, What the hell!.

You should have seen Erin's face light up when I told her, "Take off your clothes."

She was so excited that she ripped her clothes off like they were on fire.

I sat down on her bed and made her lie down across my lap, then I started spanking her. It was just kind of playful at first. Never having done anything like this before, I wasn't sure how hard I should spank her, and I didn't want to hurt her.

This went on for a few minutes, then Erin looked back at me. "Harder," she begged. "Please!"

Okay, it was getting kind of weird now, butt for some reason I was getting into it. And I could tell Erin was too, because her pussy juices were now leaking down onto my thighs. So I decided to go with the flow. "You've been a bad girl haven't you, Erin?" I said and gave her butt a good whack.

She let out a squeal, butt didn't answer.

"Haven't you?" I repeated, and smacked her ass hard again.

"Yes!" she confessed.

"Tell me what you've done."

"I've had―" Smack! "I've been having naughty thoughts."

Smack! "What sort of naughty thoughts?"

Erin didn't answer.

Smack! "Tell me," I ordered―getting all dom on her.

"I've been having thoughts―" Smack! "thoughts about you touching me."

Smack! "Touching you how?"

"Fingering me." Smack! "Fingering my asshole and making me cum."

Okay, now it was really getting weird. I didn't understand any of this. Why was Erin feeling so guilty about this? Why did she want to be punished? What was I supposed to do? What did she want me to do?

I looked down at Erin's butt, the pale skin was now rosy red from all of the spanking. I realized then that I must have been spanking her pretty hard. I felt more than a little bit guilty about that. "I'm sorry, I didn't mean to―"

"It's okay," Erin said.

I didn't know if she meant: 'It's okay, I forgive you.' or 'It's okay, I liked it.'

I took some of the baby oil and poured it into my palm. "I think that's enough punishment, Erin," I said in a soothing voice, as I started to caress her tender, sore little bottom.

"Thank you," she said.

I didn't know what to do next. I couldn't sit their massaging her ass all day. I needed to find out what she wanted me to do. Did she want me to go further?

I drizzled some of the oil down her buttcrack and started tickling her tiny pink butthole with my fingertip. Then I gently began to slide it inside. Erin gasped. "Is this what you want?" I said.

"Yes, Ma'am," she said nervously.

Ma'am? WTF? I ain't no fucking Ma'am! I was going to say something, butt I held my tongue (for once, lol : ). Instead, I kept stroking my finger in and out. "It's okay, Erin," I reassured her. "How does it feel? Do you like it?"

Erin nodded, but didn't say anything.

Her ass was way more relaxed this time, and after a few minutes I was able to easily work my finger all of the way inside of her. I was sliding it slowly in and out, remembering what you said about taking my time. "Is this okay, do want me to go slower?" I asked her.

"Faster, Ma'am," she said. "Harder!"

 Again with the 'Ma'am? I let it slide. This was her moment after all.

I started pumping my finger in and out of her. The harder I did it, the more she seemed to like it. Erin was panting like an animal in heat, but she wasn't making any noise―it was almost like she was afraid to.

"You want to cum, don't you?"

"Yes, Ma'am!" she blurted out.

"Lie down on the bed," I told her, "on your back."

I stuck my finger back in her butt and started working it again. This was the first time that I was able to see her face. It was so cute―it was all scrunched up and she had her eyes shut tight.

I surprised her when I took the thumb of my other hand and started to gently brush it across the her slick slit (I never showed her your last PM ; ). I could tell she was really digging it. Erin was trying to hold back but was rapidly losing control. She started mewing like a kitten.

Her hands were tightly gripping the bed covers and her body was starting to stiffen. I knew it wouldn't be long. "I want you to come for me," I told her in an authoritative voice, and then I started to fiddle her little clit.

OMG, did she go off! I had never seen anything like it. She clamped her legs around my hands and started screaming. I thought she was having a seizure or something, she was cumming so hard.

It took her a while to come down, when she did, she got up, kissed me on the cheek and whispered, "Thank you," into my ear.

Okay, telling you all of this has made me soaking wet and super hell horny again. My fingers have some work to do, and it doesn't involve a keyboard ; )

I'll have to tell you the rest next time,

Bye.