 Sally was one of our neighbor's daughters and had started college this past year. We had been neighbors for about 15 years and I had watched Sally grow up into a beautiful young woman. I had never really thought of her sexually until one day during her summer break, I was laying by the pool and heard the gate on the fence open. I looked up and it was Sally. She wanted to know if she could swim a little since it was so hot. We always let her and her sister use the pool whenever they wanted. I told her that of course it was ok and she removed her cover, exposing one of the most beautiful bodies I have ever seen. 

She was wearing a white, very skimpy bikini with a thong bottom and her well tanned skin really set it off. I got wet immediately and suddenly developed a lust for Sally that I had never felt before. I knew that I had to have this beauty and my mind started scheming about how to make it happen. "Sally that is a lovely suit you are wearing" I remarked. "Thanks" she said as she dived into the pool. I watched her take a few laps and then she came to the side of the pool near where I was laying. "You have a nice body" Sally said with a smile on her face. "I never noticed before but you are in really good shape."

"Well thank you Sally" I replied, feeling proud and happy that I work out regularly. "Would you put some suntan lotion on my back honey?" I asked.

Sally got out of the pool and dried off before coming to the lounge next to me and sitting down. I handed her the lotion and undid the clasp on my top. She poured some lotion on my back and started to rub it in. She slowly worked the lotion into my back and shoulders and suddenly I felt the warm touch of her fingers on the side of my right breast but it quickly moved. "Just an accident" I thought as she continued to apply the lotion. Then it happened again on the other side and I began to wonder just how accidental it may be. She worked her way lower and was now applying it on my skin exposed around my bikini bottom. As she worked it into my lower back and buttocks, I felt her hand slid under the cloth and massage my cheeks, rubbing slightly into my butt crack.

"Sally, I will give you 2 days to quit that" I moaned as she continue to rub the lotion onto my lower body. She just giggled and removed her hand from under my bikini and started moving down my legs. I thought to my self, "here I wanted to seduce this girl and I think she is actually seducing me." She finished applying the lotion, then told me it was her turn. I had her lay down in the lounge and I got up, letting my unclasped top fall to the ground. Sally was looking the other way and didn't see this and I moved over to her and began to apply the lotion to her back. I undid the clasp of her top and worked the lotion all over her back, letting my hands slid along the sided of her big breasts as I went along. Each time I touched the sides of her titties, she would let out a low moan and I was sure that it wouldn't be long before I would be between her legs, licking her lovely cunt. 

When I got to her bottom, I massaged the lotion into her buttocks, letting a little slide into her crack and over the thong. I worked lower down her legs and thighs, spending several minutes on the backs of her knees and at her feet. She really was moaning now so I asked if she was okay. She assured me that everything was fine and that she was enjoying it. I gently pushed her legs apart as I started to move back up and noticed that her white thong bottom was soaking wet around her pussy. I knew I had her now, so I slowly worked my way up and let my hand brush her pussy lips as I rubbed her thighs. I felt her push back against my hand and then I decided to go for it. I pushed the thin cloth aside and touched her bare pussy lips. I was surprised at how wet she was and she offered no resistance as I moved my finger along the folds of her lips, finally reaching a very big and hard clit. When I touched it, I thought she was going to jump off the lounge. "I'm sorry Sally" I whined, "Did I hurt you?"

"Oh my god no Chris" she moaned as she turned over to face me. I looked into her eyes and at that moment I knew that we both wanted each other.

I took her head in my hands and kissed her deeply. The kiss was really passionate as we explored each other's mouths with our tongues. Sally was a wonderful kisser and I was now wondering just how much experience she has had doing this sort of thing. As we kissed, she sat up and started playing with my tits as I did the same to her. We were both so hot and our passionate kiss continued for what seemed like an hour. I needed some air so I finally broke the kiss and lowered my mouth to her tits, taking her left nipple into my mouth and swirling my tongue around it. "I've been waiting for this for so long Chris" Sally whispered. 

As I continued to lick and suck her tits, my hand moved between her legs and pushed the elastic of her bottoms down her legs. She willfully kicked them off, exposing the most lovely, bare, and smooth pussy I have ever seen. (Again, it reminds me of you baby) I played with her clit, making her cum several times and causing her to push against my fingers. I slowly inserted one finger, then two into her hot pussy and began to finger fuck her, driving her crazy. She had several more intense orgasms and was begging for more. Suddenly I felt a squirt of liquid hit my hand and looked down to see that Sally was cumming and squirting all over my hand. I had heard of women squirting when they came but had never experienced it before. I was ecstatic! The position we were in was getting uncomfortable and the concrete was getting warm from the sun so I removed my fingers from her pussy, laid a towel next to the pool and motioned for her to lay on it. 

As she moved toward the towel, I jumped in the pool and Sally got the idea. She laid down with her knees raised and moved her pussy close to the edge of the pool. I immediately moved in and started licking her juices from her thighs and pussy lips. It was so sweet and tasted wonderful. I had never licked a pussy that smelled and tasted so sweet and I just wanted to stay between her legs forever. My tongue found her clit and soon I was licking it, making her cum hard. She was bucking wildly, making it hard for me to keep my tongue on her pussy so I took her hard clit into my mouth and started sucking it like a cock. Her clit was very big, almost an inch long and I was driving her wild sucking it. She kept screaming for me to make her cum, but by now she was cumming constantly and bucking so hard against my face that I thought one of us might hurt something.

She finally started begging me to stop saying that she couldn't cum anymore. I really wanted to continue and try to make her faint from the pleasure but I didn't want to take the chance of making her mad and ruining a wonderful thing. I stopped eating her and got out of the pool, moving next to her. She looked up and me and said "That was wonderful. I have never cum so much and so hard." I leaned down, kissed her lightly on the cheek and said "This is only the beginning baby...only the beginning." And it was!

**Sally and I were friends and lovers for many years and ending up doing some wild and kinky things. If you would like to hear more about this lovely girl, let me know and I will gladly write more stories about us.