 Samantha turned off the taps and stepped out of the shower. Her glorious body shone with dampness as the last remains of the water trickled down between her breasts. The memory of the last few hours was still fresh in her mind. The very recollection of what had happened generated a very different kind of dampness between her legs. She looked at herself in the mirror. With shoulder length, glowing auburn hair, firm, full breasts, and neatly trimmed pubic hair Sam knew she looked good. Clearly she wasn't the only one who thought so as the events of the day had proved.

The day had started normally enough. Sam had left her apartment in the waterside development by the docks and made her way to work. Because today was important she had been particularly careful getting ready, spending a great deal of time selecting her outfit. She had finally gone for a slightly formal look with a well cut suit over a silk blouse. Underneath, as always, she wore a soft, low cut bra, thong and stockings. She always felt at her best in expensive lingerie and this was expensive. She had admired herself in the mirror and approved of the way she looked. At thirty four nature was continuing to be kind to her and she looked healthy and athletic. 

Sam was a key member of the sales team and today's meeting was the culmination of weeks of hard work. The client had been extremely demanding and the negotiations tough. The meeting had taken the whole morning and had been one of those adrenalin driven affairs - the stakes had been high and the team had known they were taking a few risks. In the end things went really well and their proposals had been accepted in full. To say that Sam and her colleagues had left the meeting on a high would be an understatement and they went to a local restaurant to celebrate. 

The other two members of the team were Paul Turner and Sarah Giles. Paul had been with the business a while and knew his way around. It had been Paul's client and he had brought in Sam and Sarah for their technical expertise - as well as their looks as he frequently reminded them. In his mid to late thirties, Sam had always rather admired Paul. He was hard working and quite single minded when he was focussed on work, but at the same time he knew how to enjoy himself and would happily join in the fun when the business had gone well. Coupled with the fact that she liked his sense of humour and rather fancied him she often found herself wondering what Paul would be like in bed. She often tried to imagine what diffeent people would be like in bed and had found that generally her imaginings were fairly accurate when put to the test!

Sarah was simply gorgeous. In her late twenties, she was one of those girls who was not only great loooking but bright and nice with it. Sam had only met her at the start of this particular piece of work and hadn't really had the chance to get to know her socially - they had been too busy for that up to now. Sam thought Sarah had a boyfriend but couldn't be sure. If she had she hadn't had much opportunity to see him over the past few weeks. Sam hadn't imagined what it would be like to go to bed with Sarah because the thought had simply never crossed her mind.

Sam was between guys, or at least that's what she told herself. Her last relationship had finished some months previously and it had been some time since she had last enjoyed a really good fuck. For the last few weeks she had had to look after herself and had become increasingly good at it. She had taken time to explore her own body and discover just what it was that really got her going. She had discovered her G-spot big time, and the new vibrator she had bought really brought her to a shattering climax the first time she had used it. However, it still wasn't the same as having a man deep inside you.

The meal had lasted some time and the wine and conversation had flowed happily. It was about 3.30 when Paul announced that he had to go and, somewhat unsteadily got to his feet. "I'll see you girls in the office in the morning. In the meantime, thanks for your help today, you were both great. I'll settle up but you stay on and finish your drinks". When Paul had gone the girls continued to chat and drink and by the time the bottle they were on was empty they were both somewhat worse for wear. 

"Christ", said Sarah "there's no way I can drive home in this state. Why on earth did I let myself get like this".

Sam laughed. "Don't worry. Come over to my place it's only down the road. Once you've sobered up a bit I'll get you a cab and you can go back to the office and collect your car".

The girls left, arm in arm for stability and laughing and giggling rather more than they ought they made their way back to Sam's.

Sam's apartment was no more than a 10 minute walk and they both felt a little better by the time they arrived. On the third floor it had delightful views across the marina and Sam was very pleased with the way she had got it looking. With two bedrooms and a large, open plan living area it was just what she had been after. She liked her independence and this made her feel just that.

"Wow, this is great Sam. How long have you been here?"

"Around 18 months now. I love it". "I bet you do. What a great place to bring your lovers back to eh?"

"Well sadly that has happened all too rarely lately. With this last piece of work and being a boyfriend free person at the moment the old double bed has not seen too much action".

"What, a great looking woman like you and no sex? I don't believe it".

"Sadly it's true. How about you".

"Well, to be honest I think I'm in pretty much the same boat. I've been indulging in a fair amount of personal stimulation if you know what I mean!"

Sam blushed.

"Now don't tell me you don't do it yourself Sam. There are some nights I feel so randy I'd die if I didn't give myself a little relief".

Sam's mind went to the experiments she had indulged in, finding out what really turned her on, and the increasing range of vibrators she was growing to enjoy. No substitute for a hard dick but very satisfactory nevertheless. "Well, since you asked I do quite enjoy masturbating, but it's not the same as being with someone else". By this Sam meant being with a man, but Sarah immediately thought Sam was making a pass at her.

"You wicked girl. What are you suggesting?"

This time Sam really blushed realising how her comment had been misconstrued.

"Heavens Sarah, I didn't mean that. I meant with a man".

Sarah roared with laughter and after a few seconds Sam joined in.

"Have you ever tried it with a girl Sam?"

"No, never. I've never really thought of it. Well, perhaps once or twice. Why, have you?"

"Yes. Not regularly, but every now and again. If I find someone I really fancy and if the opportunity arises, well ...... you know. It's great to do things every now and again that are a bit different don't you think?".

"I suppose so. What's it like?"

"Well let's put it this way, I wouldn't do it if I didn't like it and it sure beats the hell out of doing it alone. It's nice to have someone touch you and caress you in those exciting little places and doing it yourself just doesn't feel quite the same". Sarah's mind was clearly wandering and reliving some previous encounters. The girl she had been with a couple of weeks ago had been especially exciting and they had got up to some really kinky activities. Fruit and cream would never taste quite the same again!

"The softness and smell of another woman's body is wonderful. The very first time your lips meet and your hands slowly begin to explore her body is something you must try. As you both begin to get wetter the smell of sex begins to fill the room and the musty aromas make your head swim. Inhibitions very quickly go out of the window. I've been more uninhibited with other women than I have ever been with a man".

For reasons she couldn't quite understand this sudden move into increasingly explicit sex talk was beginning to arouse Sam and she found her hand had begun to wander between her legs and the crotch of her thong was already damp with excitement.

Sarah continued. "As you slowly begin to peel off each others clothing the sexual tension becomes almost unbearable. Your lips are together by now and your tongues are exploring each others mouths, licking and sucking to drink in as much of each other as possible. One or the other will finally break away and begin to explore their partners body. Cupping and suckling at a breast, running a hand down to begin the delicate exploration between her legs. Not rushing, just taking things slowly, caressing and kissing, nibbling and sucking".

Sam's hand was now down the front of her thong and her cunt was literally dripping. She was both amazed and horrified at the effect Sarah's words were having on her. For the first time in a while she opened her eyes and looked across at Sarah. Like Sam, she had her hand down the front of her panties and was masturbating quite openly. The heady aroma of sex began to pervade the room. Sarah's eyes were shut and she was clearly enjoying every second, the occasional moan escaping from her lips. Slowly she looked across at Sam and their eyes met. Despite herself Sam felt drawn to her and the pair slowly moved towards each other until they were face to face. The look of lust on Sarah's face was total. Nothing was going to stop her masturbating now and as she looked across at Sam she knew she wanted her. Reaching out her hand she caressed Sam's face and slowly pulled her toward her.

Sam couldn't stop what was happening and no longer knew if she wanted to. The closer she got to Sarah the more she seemed to desire her, but it was the smell. The smell was what finally drove her over the edge. The aroma of sex was too much for her and the next thing she knew she was in Sarah's arms and kissing her passionately. Their tongues explored each other's mouths. The feelings for Sam were sensational and any inhibitions that may have lingered were gone. She already knew that she would do anything and everything with this woman.

They ran their hands over each others bodies, stroking and caressing through their clothing until finally Sam said "Let's go make use of my double bed", and taking Sarah by the hand led her into the bedroom. Sarah turned and started to undress Sam. First taking off her jacket she kissed Sam's shoulders as they came into view. She then slowly unbuttoned the silk blouse and eased it off . Sarah's kissing and licking became more urgent. Sam was soaking. She could feel the juices bubbling out of her cunt. Never had she felt quite so aroused before and they had only just started. The next thing she knew Sarah had removed her bra and her lips were brushing her nipples. They were erect like she had never known. When Sarah started to pull and nibble on them they seemed to have a direct link with her cunt as she felt more juices ooze out.

Sarah's tongue continued it's journey down Sam's body lingering in her navel. Her fingers started to fumble at the catch to Sam's skirt with increasing urgency until it finally gave and Sarah eased it over her hips. Sarah's tongue continued. Passing over the top of Sam's thong it began to lick gently at her thighs leaving damp trails that grew excitingly cold as they dried. 

"My God. You are absolutely soaking. Are you sure you haven't pissed yourself?" Sarah giggled.

"Not yet. But please, don't stop. Keep licking. Put your fingers inside me". 

Sarah was still fully clothed, but not for much longer. Tearing off her clothing she finally joined Sam with just her panties and stockings on. For the first time Sam got the chance to look at the naked body of the woman she was in bed with - the first woman she had ever been in bed with. What she saw took her breath away. Sarah had the most beautiful body. If she had been able to choose the woman with whom she would want to have her first lesbian relationship, Sarah was it.

Sarah resumed where she had left off. This time Sam felt Sarah's hands begin to reach in under her thong and slowly pull it aside to reveal her streaming cunt. Strings of girl come stretched between the material of her thong and her cunt, lengthening before breaking and dripping onto the sheets. Sarah just looked for several seconds taking in the wonderful sight and the heady, musky aroma. She had seen one or two girls before but this was, surely, the most luscious and desirable. Sam's cunt lips opened like petals under Sarah's gaze. The sight was too much for Sarah and she reached out with both hands caressing the outer lips and scooping up a finger full of Sam's flowing juices. She held it up to her lips before breathing the aroma in deeply and then sucking the glorious cream from her hand. She put her hand back to Sam's cunt and began to work her fingers into her, first one, then another. Sam's cunt began to open up to accommodate her and before long she had four fingers working their way in and out of Sam's hole. Sarah was sure that Sam could take her whole fist up her but there was time for that later. For now she had to taste more of Sam's sensational juices. Lowering her head she began to lick, around the edges first, cleaning up the juices that had already spilt. She worked her tongue down further between Sam's legs letting it wander towards her anus where a pool of goo had accumulated. She wondered how Sam would react if she was to use her tongue there. 

The answer was immediate as Sam let out a moan. Given the green light Sarah darted her tongue around her back passage cleaning away all the juices and savouring the smell and taste that emanated from Sam's rear. Given Sarah's love of anal sex, especially oral anal, she would definitely be coming back to this anus. For now she moved back to Sam's cunt which was gaping with desire. Using her fingers she pulled Sam's flopping cunt lips to one side opening her up even more. Sam groaned and began to thrash about. As Sarah's tongue hit her clitoris for the first time Sam went wild. The orgasm that crashed through her body was unbelievable. Its depth and intensity left her breathless. Sarah let Sam slowly come down before beginning to really explore her cunt with her tongue. Sam arched her back and putting her hands on the back of Sarah's head forced as much of Sarah's tongue and face into her gaping gash as she could. By the time Sarah came up for air her whole face was dripping with Sam's juices.

Moving back up the bed she began to kiss Sam passionately once more, their tongues searching each other out with increasing urgency. Sam started to lick her own juices off Sarah's face before Sarah's hand on the back of her head began to guide her away from her face and down her beautiful body. Sam tried to do the same things to Sarah as she had done to her, but very soon found that it was coming naturally to her. Sarah was sighing and moaning. "Please Sam, just get down there and get your tongue in my cunt. I need you to lick me out, please". 

Sam didn't hesitate. Despite the fact that this was her first time she was far too far gone. She was overtaken with lust and a desparate desire to taste her friends most initmate juices. Moving down her body she pulled aside her panties exposing her shaven cunt. This took Sam a little by surprise but she soon recognised the benefits as she began to scoop up the escaping juices with her tongue. Almost instantly Sam was rocked by another orgasm. The sheer eroticism of licking a cunt and drinking cunt juice for the first time had sent her over the edge. This was too much. She returned to Sarah's cunt with relish lapping and slurping, drinking down every drop of juice she could. Like her friend, Sam then followed the trail of juices as it made its way between Sarah's legs and pooled around her arsehole. If Sam had not been so intoxicated with lust this is something she would never have done - but then it wasn't long ago that she would never have imagined making love with another woman.

She pulled Sarah's cheeks apart and began to lick around her ring. The juices dribbled into her mouth as she gathered them up from her friend. She then began to move her tongue towards the centre of Sarah's anus, licking gently at first before beginning to probe with increasing urgency. Now it was Sarah's turn to go wild. More than anything this was what she loved. She adored things in her arse. Vibrators, dildoes, dicks, fruit, tongues, fingers, hands. "Put your fingers in me" she screamed, "in my arse. Fuck my arse with your fingers".

Sam scooped up some juices from her cunt before placing them at the entrance to Sarah's arse.

"Please, go on, stuff them in. I want to feel your fingers deep in my arse. Please, do it now". 

Sarah let out a cry of sheer lust as Sam's fingers began to ease their way into her. Slowly at first they found their way past the first ring of muscle before sliding fully home. Sam began to move her fingers around inside Sarah's anus scissoring them apart stretching and opening until her two fingers became three and then four.

"Put your fist in please Sam. Don't stop now. Please do it, please" she pleaded.

Sam wasn't sure that Sarah could take her whole hand but she was going to try. Slowly easing her thumb in behind her fingers Sarah's anus seemed to open up and take Sam's hand into it. She had her whole hand stuffed into Sarah's back passage! At that moment Sarah's orgasm struck. The muscles of her arse grasped Sam's hand holding it firmly in place as her orgasm exploded throughout her body. She lost all control and started to piss, the first jets splashing across Sam's chest. Sam's initial reaction was horror but when Sarah's hands pulled her face to her erupting cunt and piss began to stream all over her soaking her hair, she found herself opening her mouth. Sarah's pee now began to pour into Sam's open mouth. To Sam's amazement she found the taste wildly erotic and began to drink it down as fast as she could. After all they had drunk in the restaurant, Sarah pissed for ever with Sam doing her best to take it all down. What she missed dribbled out of her mouth back onto Sarah's sopping cunt and onto the bed. The combined aromas of piss and two sets of cunt juice was just too much and Sam orgasmed again.

It took some time for Sam and Sarah to recover, laying in each others arms kissing and caressing until Sarah drifted off to sleep. Sam couldn't quite believe what had just happened but decided there and then that this was one area of her sex life she wanted to explore and develop. As she made her way to the shower she was already thinking about what they could do with each other next.