 Been so long since I started writing again. The comments made me rethink about stopping this story. Hope you will find this worth the wait. Just a bit of background first. 

*

Sam was 38 and lived with his wife Krishani who was 32. She was dark skinned like many Sri Lankan women with long eye lashes that give her an exotic Indian look. She was taller than most Sri Lankan women at 5 ft 10. Her hips are wide and she had generous breasts that were barely contained by her D cup bra. Sam's sister recently got divorced and lived with them. At 39 she looked younger for her age. Her fair skin and short dark hair made her look even younger. She had a full figure with rounded hips and at the height of 5 ft 2, her breasts seemed larger than their customary C cups. Her body was fit from exercise and her flat tummy was the envy of most of her friends including her brother and his wife. 

The initial encounter forged a bigger bond within the 3 of them making life even more exciting in the household. The next day Sam left for work and the two ladies were left on their own. Krish woke up early and went for her early morning walk. Shani sought to work out at home to a aerobics video. Her mind was not in it and kept drifting to her brothers' cock and to her sister-in-laws pussy making her warm and fuzzy. She finally gave up and took a long shower trying to calm her nerves down. As her hands moved over her soapy body, she shuddered at the thought of having the couple with her right now. She imagined herself sandwich between the gorgeous lady and the hard body of her brother.

Shani willed herself not to try it out again scared that she might come between the two. She loved her brother so much and Krish came a close second. But she couldn't help imagining herself being fucked by them. She still could feel her brother's cock inside her mouth, filling it with his cum. She imagined Krish licking her pussy while her brother's cock filled her ass. Things were getting too much for Shani and she willed herself to stop by starting to think about breakfast. 

She closed the faucet and proceeded to her room to get dressed. She wore a pair of shorts that showed off her well rounded butt and decided to show her tummy that was flatter than ever by wearing a short top. She wore a bra underneath her t-shirt and a pair of cotton panties to absorb a bit of moisture that never seemed to stop. When she walked towards the dining room, her pussy was deliciously wet making her want at least her fingers in it. She shook off her thoughts and walked to the refrigerator and made herself a sandwich. She sat down munching on it trying to think of something else and she almost succeeded. It was quiet outside and this made her want to do something daring. Just as she was about to unbutton her shorts and slip her fingers in, she heard footsteps. She hurriedly put her hands back on the sandwich and pretended to be engrossed in the salad leaf that was sticking out of the sandwich.

Krish walked into the room after a shower and Shani couldn't help staring at her. She wore a loose shirt which hid her massive breasts well. This made it even sexier as the older girl knew how big they were. Her sister in law wore a skirt that ended well above her knees. Krish greeted her and took one look at her and smiled knowingly making her blush like a school girl.

"Hey, how is our older sister doing?"

"Kinda OK I guess."

"Well you don't need to blush so much. We really enjoyed you yesterday."

Shani grabbed the edge of the table to stop herself from rubbing against the chair. She closed her eyes momentarily and breathed in and out, trying to calm herself down. It was hard not to stare at Krish and her shapely body and the memories of how her body felt made it even worse. She wanted to be in her arms again and be kissed nuzzling against the D cups. 

Krish took a carton of milk from the refrigerator and poured herself a glass. When she bent over, Shani could see the skirt rise up showing the lovely thighs of her sister-in-law. She shuddered at the thought of wanting to lick them. Her tongue wanted to taste her pussy and ass hole again. She was so deep into her fantasy she missed what Krish said.

"Sorry Krish, I was not listening!"

"Damn right you weren't. I said, do you want some milk?" she repeated thrusting her breasts provocatively holding the glass of milk in her hand and one hand on her ample hip. Her eyes were bright.

Shani shook her head.

"You sure?"

"Yeah."

"What if I say that you have to drink it?"

"Well, I might agree."

"Might?"

"Yeah I might. It depends."

"It depends on what?"

Shani looked at the tall dark lady coming closer and closer. Her mouth filled with saliva making it difficult for her to speak. 

Krish calmly dipped her finger into the milk and took it out moving it close to Shani's mouth. A few drops fell on her t-shirt as she watched the finger move closer and closer to her mouth. She opened her mouth and started to suck Krish's finger treating it like a cock. Krish pulled another chair close and sat down spreading her legs and coming as close to Shani as she could. She took the finger out and then dipped it in the milk and repeated her action. This time Shani had her mouth open, ready for it. She sucked the finger again, toying with it with her tongue. The finger came out and this time Krish didn't put it inside her mouth. Instead she rubbed the milk all over her own lips.

Shani followed each movement carefully. Her heart was beating faster than ever now. Krish moved her puckered lips close to her sister-in-laws mouth. Shani reached forward and started to lick the milk off. Her tongue traced the lips first and then she sucked each lip into her mouth. The lips were as soft as a petal of a rose. After the milk was gone she moved back wanting to tease the younger woman.

Krish dipped some more milk on her lips and moved closer. This time Shani covered both lips and started to suck on them, her tongue gently piercing the soft wet mouth. The sucking turned into a wet kiss and Krish joined in sensuously. After a few seconds she moved away from the younger woman. Krish put some milk on her neck. Shani stayed put, her eyes mischievous as ever. Krish put her arm around the petite ladies neck and pulled her towards the milk that was starting to trickle down and goose bumps broke out all over her body when she felt the older woman start to lap the milk up from her sensitive neck. While she licked the soft skin, Shani started to get the womanly smell of Krish much more strongly signaling that her licking was getting the reaction she needed.

Krish was getting wetter by the second. She took a small amount of milk into her mouth and pulled Shani close to her with milk inside her mouth. The two ladies did a milk swap and it ended in a wet kiss again.

Shani was going crazy and Krish's actions were driving her wild. She took off her t-shirt and spilt some milk into her cleavage. 

"Does kitty wanna lap it up?" she asked coyly. The response was immediate. The younger lady bent over to lick the milk off like a cat. Shani could feel the milk running down her tummy. It was noticed and Krish moved lower to the flat tummy tracing the stream of milk upto her navel. 

Krish, moved her hands inside Shani's shorts and found her way past the panties into the soaking pussy. She pulled it out and sucked on it noisily.

"You taste so good!" 

Shani stared at her sister in law and moved closer, finding to her delight that there were no panties and she pushed two fingers in making Krish groan and lean back. Her fingers gently probed the welcoming pussy. It was drenched when she pulled it out and stuck it in her mouth sucking every last bit of juice on it. It was wet and sticky and slightly sour and Shani loved the taste.

"Its time for us to go to a more comfortable place."

Shani nodded and the two ladies walked hand in hand stopping at various points to kiss and rub against each other. At one point the older lady pushed Krish against the wall Krish pushed the petite lady onto the bed and got on top of her. They kissed tenderly running their hands through each others' hair. It was so loving and slow and unhurried. The kissing didn't lack in its intensity. Each woman tried to merge into the other's body. Breasts rubbed against each other. The D cup dominated the C cup but Shani was not complaining. 

Krish lifted herself up onto her hands and knees allowing Shani to unbutton her shirt. She watched as the older woman started to lick her cleavage after the shirt came off completely. Her breasts hung inside her D cup bra barely contained. She reached back and unhooked her bra and the two globes literally fell into Shani's eager hands. Krish moaned as her breasts were lovingly licked and sucked and examined. Her back arched as the exploring tongue touched her sensitive nerves. She pulled out the smaller pair of breasts and kneaded them making Shani suck even hard.

"Oh gosh, Shani, suck my nipples darling!"

Shani kept sucking each nipple until it got too sensitive and reluctantly watched as the huge globes were pulled gently away from her wet mouth. She looked up at the younger woman and motioned her to move close. Krish moved close and straddled Shani's head lowering her dripping pussy onto the lovely mouth that was willing to lick her into ecstasy.

Shani explored the dripping wet pussy slowly moving right under the towering girl right down to her ass hole and back up again. She teased the tight brown hole and pushed her tongue in. Krish held the head board of the bed giving the older lady access. Shani took her time and her tongue moved slowly tracing every contour of the pussy right over her mouth. Her tongue dove deeply into the vaginal opening just like a cock. Krish started moving against the tongue telling Shani that she liked. Her tongue ached but she kept it stiff letting Krish fuck it. When the pain became too much she found the more sensitive clitoris and started to flick it with her tongue. She also pushed one finger into the tight anus and 2 more into Krish's expanding pussy. Her tongue toyed with the clitoris. Krish moaned as she felt all her holes being given attention. She started to fuck hard against the 3 fingers mashing her clitoris against Shani's tongue.

She didn't last long. Her body started to convulse and she felt the first orgasm hit her. Shani knowingly continued to fuck her and the second orgasm hit a few second after. Krish kept going moaning and struggling against the 3 fingers that were inside her pussy and ass. Shani licked the hardened clit faster and it took a long time for Krish to reach her final and earth shattering orgasm. She almost smothered the petite lady holding on to her dear life as she came and came. Shani lifted her face to get some breathing space, her face wet with juices. She pulled out all 3 fingers slowly and felt the younger woman slide down and rest on top of her. Krish seemed dead to the world in the throes of her orgasm but kissed weakly as Shani started to kiss her. She moved her pussy so that it would mash against her thigh and started to rub against her. 

She was stopped by the younger lady.

"I want to do the same to you baby. Sit on my face."

Shani shuddered at the thought. The two women exchanged their positions and soon Shani was sitting on top of the willing face of her sister in law. She mashed her pussy against the open mouth and felt Krish move towards her anus. She loved it when the two cheeks were pushed apart and felt the loving tongue explore her. The tongue went into her the tight hole and after a few seconds went back to exploring her pussy lips. Krish sucked the outer lips of Shani's pussy. Just like she had done earlier, one finger ended up inside her anus and two in her pussy. Her clit was being teased by the younger woman and it was starting to build up. Shani wanted to move to a different position so that she would not squirt all over Krish but she was held firmly by strong hands and she looked down helplessly as the younger woman pushed her gently towards her peak. She abandoned all hope of protecting Krish and moved against the loving fingers and tongue. The orgasm was approaching fast.

"Oh god Krish, I am gonna cum all over your mouth baby!"

"Mmm ..unngggg ahhhhh unnngggg.mnmmmmm" was the response she got.

She rocked faster and faster as the three fingers and the tongue brought her closer. Everything seemed to suddenly slow down and it was as if nothing else mattered. Shani shuddered as the orgasm hit her hard. She dimly felt her pussy squirting all over her sister-in-law's face and mouth. Her leg muscles twitched as she kept squirting and screaming at the same time as she had a fantastic orgasm. Krish didn't stop licking and her orgasm went on and on for what seemed like ages until all of the fluid inside her ended up on the bed and the face of her lovely sister in law. She had to forcibly push the licking head away as she could not bear it any further. Her legs seemed to weigh like lead and she held on to the head board as Krish gently lifted the legs that were holding her down and slid out from under Shani. Shani felt the younger girl hug her from behind and kiss her neck, caressing her tummy and breasts. 

She finally found the strength to turn around and kiss Krish tasting her cum on her face and mouth. They held onto each other for a while until the strength came back to both of them. The fire seemed to have died down between them of so Shani thought. Krish didn't stop kissing her lips and she relished the attention being given after a lull period in her life. She had never felt like this with her ex-husband. She turned to face Krish fully and kissed her back. It was slow and sensual and she felt her body starting to respond slowly but surely. Krish's tongue was insistent and her breasts pushed the smaller lady back against the head board. After a few minutes of kissing, Shani relented to the younger girls attention by lying down on the bed. Krish maneuvered into a position she had seen in many lesbian movies making sure both pussies were stimulated by each others thighs. The movement was slow at first and the two ladies spent more time kissing and whispering words about each other and what they wanted to do to each other. Their murmurs filled the room.

"Oh Shani girl, I want you so much!"

"I am yours darling. Do anything you want."

"Gosh I love how your mouth lets my tongue fuck it."

"Mmmm lover, mmmm..."

Shani felt the massive breasts of her sister in law rubbing against her. She stopped kissing for a moment to rise up to lick the breasts that were craving for attention. She sucked each nipple hard, gently holding it between her teeth and biting gently while sucking on it. Krish started moving against her thigh. She was slimy and slid easily leaving a wet trail. Shani had recovered enough to start rubbing against her sister in law's thighs. She knew she was not going to reach an orgasm but her clit was still sensitive to touch though there was no build up. The other girl was starting to moan as she started to rub faster and faster. Shani managed to reach back and insert a well lubricated finger into the darker girl's ass increasing the tempo. Krish was sweating and it was dripping between their bodies. Krish got up and then they moved into a scissoring position which gave her pussy and clit access to the other girl's pussy. The two ladies put on a show which was as good as a lesbian movie and finally Krish came hard.

"Oh god, I was so horny baby. I didn't know what to do."

Shani moved to her and kissed her tenderly and they lay side by side for a long time caressing and cuddling.