 Author’s Note: All characters appearing in this work are fictitious and are eighteen years of age or older. The web forum mentioned in this story is fictional, as are the users names and any other information. Any resemblance to real persons, living or dead, is purely coincidental.


Accidental Lesbians

Chapter Three: Stop calling me Ma’am!

Nov 01

Private Message
From: Mandy1993
To: SexGuru4U
Re: Anal Advice ~ Help!

Hi Rex,

Whew, where were we? 

Oh yeah, I had just finished Erin off in a puddle of her own pleasure, and now it was my turn. I stripped down―buck naked, no inhibitions this time.

“Would you like a spanking, Ma’am?” Erin politely asked.

Okay, this whole ‘Ma’am’ thing was getting really fucking annoying. 

“Erin!” I said.

“Yes, Ma’am?”

“Stop calling me Ma’am!” I told her. “It makes me sound like I’m an old lady.”

Erin gave me a sad puppy dog look. “I’m sorry,” she said. “What would you like me to call you, Ma―” she caught herself, “Mandy?”

Okay, so I figured out what Erin was trying to do, she was trying to go all sub on me, which is fine with me. I boss my little sister Pippi (long story about her name involving children’s books) around all the time, so I’m well qualified in the Dom department. 

“Hmm . . . let me think.” I pondered. “Call me Mistress,” I told her. “Mistress Mandy, has a nice ring to it, don’t you think?”

“Yes, Mistress, it’s lovely.”

 “And I’m the one who does the spanking around here,” I siad. “Do you understand?”

“Yes, Mistress,” Erin said. “And what shall you call me?”

Fuck! This was more complicated than I thought. I had never really thought about this part, fact was I never thought about any of these parts. I reflected back on what had just happened for inspiration. “I shall call you ‘Kitten’.” I decided. “My little kitten.”

“Thank you, Mistress, for blessing me with such a wonderful pet name,” Erin said. “I shall cherish it forever.”

“Um . . . you’re welcome, little kitten,” I said, still trying to get comfortable with all of this.

“And what would, My Mistress, like her little kitten to do for her?” Erin asked. 

She looked so adorable, my little minion, so eager to please. “What are you willing to do?” I asked, calling her sub and raising her a Dom.

“Anything you want me to, Mistress,” Erin said, and she totally meant it. “I am here to please you.”

Double Fuck! Okay, I guess I was getting a bit carried away with the whole Dom play, that was a mistake. I should never have asked her that question. 

The first time that we experimented, it was because we were getting ready for anal sex our (now ex) boyfriends, that was the reason (excuse). The second time, when I got Erin off, it was because I owed her an orgasm, that was the reason (excuse). 

Staring at Eager Eager Erin now, I had no reasons left, no excuse cards left to play, no way to rationalize what we were about to do, it was on me. All kinds of strange thoughts started going through my head. What should I make her do? I wondered.

I guess I was afraid, in a way. I had never thought about fooling around with another girl before this, and I didn’t know how far to take it. At the same time, I was beyond horny and needed to get off. 

In the end, I sorta chickened out and decided I was only going to let Erin do to me what I did to her (sans spanking, of course). It’s only fair, right? I touched her pussy, I should let her touch mine. That’s how I talked myself into it.

I was still kinda nervous about it though, so I decided we’d do the butt stuff first. “You will do to me what I did to you,” I proclaimed to my new sexual servant. “Do you understand?”

“You want me to spank you, Mistress?” my little kitten asked.

“No!” I said, annoyed. “I thought we already covered who does the spanking around here.”

“I’m sorry, Mistress. Would you like to punish me for that?”

“What?” I said, more annoyed. “No, you had your turn, now it’s mine.” (Jeez these subs can get annoying, always thinking about their punishment―their needs.)

“Yes, Mistress. I’m sorry.”

“And quit saying, ‘I’m sorry.”

“I apologize, Mistress.”

Urgh! All this sub speak was starting to do my head in. It’s been eight years now that Erin and I have been friends, and during that time it was almost impossible to pry a word out of her. Now, bam! She turns sub and she’s all Chatty-Spank Me-Kathy. Maybe being a Dom isn’t all it’s cracked up to be.

I lied down on her bed on my stomach and spread my legs apart to give her easy access. Erin took the cue and drizzled some of the baby oil on my ass cheeks and started gently massaging them, occasionally tickling my butthole. She did this for a while and then asked, “Would, Mistress, like me to insert a digit into her royal anus?”

Digit? Royal anus? WTF? I didn’t know why she was talking in this weird way. Maybe she thought this was how a sub was supposed to talk. Truth was, we were both absolute beginners at this, so I couldn’t really fault her. “Finger me!” I ordered.

“Yes, Mistress,” she replied and started to stroke her fingertip in and out of my little hole. 

It felt incredible. My ass was far more relaxed this time and it didn’t fight back against the penetration―in fact it welcomed it. I was in heaven and getting close to cumming. I had the sudden urge to slide my hand underneath me and finish the job, but I was too shy to do that in front of her. Besides that was her job, right?

“Would, Ma’am, like me to insert another digit into her regal bumhole now?”

Okay, this was just ridiculous now, I thought. I mean come on, how hard is to remember?

 “No,” I said. “Mistress will tell you when, and if, you are allowed to put another finger inside me. Do you understand?”

“Yes, Ma― My Mistress.”

“Good, now put another finger in me,” I told her. “I need to cum.”

My little kitten did what she was told, and kept her mouth shut―for once. Thank God.

I started cumming and it was wonderful―no embarrassment, no inhibitions, no holding back this time, just pure unadulterated ecstasy.

“That’s enough kitten,” I finally told her, as I floated down from my sexual cloud.

Erin stopped fingering me. “Did Mistress have an enjoyable orgasmic experience?” 

“It was rather ordinary,” I lied. Gotta keep things in check, right?

“I’m sor― I apologize Mistress. I will do better next time, I promise,” my little sub said. 

“I should expect so,” I said, flexing my Dom.

“Would, Mistress, like some pleasure in the front now?”

I could have said no. I probably should have said no. I had already cum really hard―harder than last time, harder than any of my previous solo efforts. 

But seeing Erin go off they way she did before, when I played with her pussy, made me want it, want it bad, really bad. “Okay,” I finally said. (Yeah I know, not very Dom, but I was growing tired of the whole Dom/sub dynamic. Why does everything have to be so fucking complicated?).

I rolled over onto my back.

“How would you like me to begin, Mistress?”

“I grant you permission to put your finger back in my ass,” I told her, “but only one. Do you understand, little kitten?”

“Yes, Mistress,” Erin said, “and what else would, My Mistress, like me to do?”

“That is all for now,” I said. “I will let you know if you are allowed to do anything else.” (Gotta make ‘em wait for it, so they know who’s in charge.)

“Yes, Mistress.”

Erin started working her digit in and out of my royal bumhole. She was lying on the bed, between my legs, staring at my pussy like she was near-sighted and had never seen one before. Her face was so close I could feel her breath on my lips. It was driving me crazy. “Okay,” I finally said, “you may touch my pussy.”

I closed my eyes, I’m not sure why, maybe because that’s what she did when I did her. Then I felt her on my pussy lips―her tongue, not her fingers. “Hey!” I screamed at her. “Who gave you permission to do that?”

She kept licking me for a while before she answered, the little bitch. “You said I could touch you, Mistress,” she replied. “I’m touching you with my tongue.” Then she started licking me again.

“Yeah, but― Oh! Ah shit!” I cried out. Fuck it! I decided. It felt too good to stop. Erin kept licking my pussy, gently at first, then more passionately as she went on. It felt incredible, her licking my pussy and fingering my regal rectum. Another powerful orgasm was building inside of me. 

I’ve been rockin’ a retro muff for the last couple of months now, so I was pretty hairy down there, but Erin didn’t seem to mind. I started stroking my fingers through her hair as she went down on me. 

Finally, when I couldn’t take it anymore, I grabbed a handful of her hair and pulled her mouth onto my clit. My little kitten knew what her Mistress wanted and started furiously licking my swollen button.

I went off and started screaming. Erin kept going and going, and I kept cumming and cumming. Finally, it became too much and I had to push her head away.

“Did I do something wrong?” she asked.

It took me a minute to get my breath back. “You did good, little kitten,” I told her. 

She smiled.

The sex was unbelievable, but now what am I supposed to do. I am obligated to go down on Erin now? I have never thought about doing that to a girl. I’m the Dom, I can do or not do whatever I want, right? I feel nervous about this, but also a little bit excited by the idea.

Do you do this to your girlfriend? What is it like? Any advice? How does your girlfriend like you to do it? What does it taste like?

Thanks,

Mandy

PS Sorry for bothering you with all this stuff. I don’t have anyone else to talk to about this (my parents are Republicans). Hope I’m not being too annoying : p