 Hello, I'm Samantha Washington and this is a work of fiction. Names, characters, places and incidents either are products of the author's imagination or are used fictitiously. Any resemblance to actual events or locales or persons, living or dead, is entirely coincidental heehee

*****

My names is Samantha Washington. I am an 18 year old high school dropout who works full time as a secretary for a local firm. I am 5'8", curves in all the right places. I am a blonde which explains a lot of the mischief I get into. I am into both guys and girls too which helps broaden the playing fields, more fun batting for both teams.

It all began on a normal Friday night for me. I had just gotten home from work and was pretty drained from the days activities. I was wearing my work uniform, high heels, black pantyhose but not the shiny kind. I have a tight skirt that ends just above the knee on my long beautiful legs. I had on a deep v neck shirt that was deep enough to make customers and coworkers look twice, especially as I wore a pendant that slotted perfectly in my cleavage. The eye candy that demanded your eyes to look and dream. 

As I own my own place I didn't have to be concerned as I sat on the leather couch and turned the tv to my favourite porn channel. This was my time, my time to explore and take myself on an adventure of mind, body and soul. I slid my hand down my shirt and playfully pulled on my breasts as I bit my lip. My other hand slowly found its way to my pussy that was eager to be touched. I was already wet after thinking all day of wanting to come home and have a bit of naughty fun, especially after the new girl on second floor started. Hmm, what was her name again, some kind of song...Melodie. Hmm sweet Jesus the things I would do to melodie, she'd feel things that she never dreamed she could feel after I show her some of the tricks I've learned.

"Hmmm Melodie, I'd show you exactly what you are missing, my tongue around your clit. Licking and sucking like there's no tomorrow as my fingers loosen your pussy. I'll have you screaming my name as you lock your thighs around my head, pulling my hair and pushing me deep into your pussy until I can't breathe. Hmmm uh huh oh god Melodie yes, that's it right there. Yes fuck me harder, I'm close"

*knock knock*

"Yes Melodie yes, keep going ahh yes"

*ding dong*

I look up to the window with an evil glare as my climax will have to wait. Oh shit I left the blinds open. And there she was, staring back at me as I had my fingers deep in my pussy and fondling my nipples. Shit. 

I got up and closed the blinds and opened the door to find a women around my age. She looked like a deer caught in headlights. She was slightly shorter than me, 5'5", also wearing heels and pantyhose. Her hair was tied into a ponytail that swung and bobbed as she walked, just like her huge tits. Wow I could get lost in those and suck them for days, fuck I can see her nipples standing to attention through her bra. Maybe tonight isn't ruined after all.

"Why fuck were you watching me?" I demanded.

"I didn't mean too, umm I err knocked but there was no answer and I could hear someone was at home. I was just umm wanting to see if you heard me...I didn't mean to erm stare, I'm sorry. My name is Stephanie, I'm from a local meeting place where we are encouraged to explore what life has to offer. You seem to be exactly the kind of person that I feel would erm benefit from coming along. You get to meet new people with a similar view in life to yourself and explore new possibilities."

"Wait, are you from that local sex cult where you hook up with random people and go around gathering new talent?"

"I wouldn't say a cult, we are an open group but for you to truly benefit you must first pass an exam and then prove you want to be a part of us. I am here to give you a demonstration of the things you can experience. And to be honest, after I show you what you can feel you'll never want to leave."

"Please Stephanie, I've been around some interesting people and I doubt you've got something new."

Stephanie took a step closer and looked into my blue eyes with her deep ebony brown pools.

"Only one way to find out." She whispered

Her mouth came closer to mines. She closed her eyes, and so did I as our lips met. My god I felt fireworks explode as our tongues met and danced. She wore cherry flavoured lipstick which only enhanced the moment. 

She pushed me back into the house and closed the door with her heel. She pinned me to the wall with my hands above my head, I was under her spell and she knew it. She stopped kissing me and leaned back slightly pushing her massive tits up. She took my hand and guided me towards her beautiful breasts that were almost on full display. I slid her top off as I grabbed and squeezed her tits.

She closed her eyes and let out a soft purr and bit her bottom lip. She slowly got on her knees whilst staring into my eyes. She kissed my calve and worked her way up long legs. She lifted my skirt and used her teeth to bite a hole in my pantyhose. She stuck out her tongue and teased me. I couldn't take it anymore, I was so horny and still wet and wanting to cum from earlier.

I grabbed her head and forced her deep into my pussy and my god did Stephanie know how to use her tongue. She was right, I've never felt any other guy or girl this good, hmmm that, huhhhh ohh

"Fuckahhhh"

Stephanie lifted a hand to my face and demanded I suck her fingers. I was in her complete control and sucked her fingers as she continued to work her magic on my clit. She removed her fingers from my mouth to my disappointment, her fingers dropped with my saliva. She grabbed my ass cheek with her other hand and without warning forced 2 fingers up my tight pussy.

"Ohhhhh yes god yes fuck me, yes Stephanie fuck me. Faster Stephanie, I don't know ahhh how much mo-ohhhh-re I can take before I cum."

I thought she had reached her best speed but dam was I wrong, her tongue worked wonders around my clit as she used an extra finger due to how wet I had become. Her nails dug into my butt cheek as I wrapped my thighs around her head and held her in place.

"Ahhh I can't ohhh hold on. My god yes, make me cum, yes Stephanie, yes fuck me, my god yes, yesss ohhhahhh fuuuuuuuuck."

I started to shake as waves of pleasure went through me, but that didn't stop Stephanie. My knees grew weak as I shuddered forcing me to collapse forward on top of Stephanie's face, as she continued to tease my quivering clit. She grabbed both my breast and then let me suck my own juices from her fingers.

Daaam did this girl know how to please me. I rolled over allowing both of us to catch our breath. Stephanie lay on her side as her hand wandered over my still shaking body. 

"By the way, you never did tell me your name"

I looked into her eyes, "it's Samantha-uh, Samantha Washington."

"Well Ms Washington, how do you think our first study session went? Will you come with me to see who and what other naughty mischievous things you can get up to?"

"...after what you did I'd regret not going, I'll go but I want you to show me the ropes"

She sat up and crawled towards my mouth, and slowly she passionately kissed me as our tongues met and again I could taste my own pussy. 

She stopped and whispered in my ear, "But first, you still have to make me cum."