 (Author's Note: This is a sequel to the story "Any Port in a Storm" and which might be helpful to read first. This will help understand the references to the business that Kati and Suzie were in and catch you up on what Kati is mentally avoiding. This is nearly a complete fabrication, I know only that there was a second meeting between these two and I've worked backwards from the few details I have. Also I've used "port" here in the sense of a "harbor" or "haven" and the storms or lack of them are emotional, not meteorological.)

*

During the intervening weeks between that fateful night and today, Kati had made only one sojourn to Dallas. As luck would have it, Suzie was out of town that weekend. First there had been the big Memorial Day holiday, and then Kati had been flying her red flag, and once she'd taken off to see Daniel compete in a small jet-ski tournament. She'd spoken to Suzie a few times on the phone, but the conversations were brief and cordial. Neither mentioned any particulars about the night, but it seemed to exist as an emotional undercurrent that neither knew how to approach in conversation.

In fact, the whole thing took on a dream-like quality in Kati's mind. She told herself she was being silly about it, Suzie had probably moved on without a care. Kati had called her the following evening, but Suzie had been out and she left an innocuous message on the answering machine. Also, it wasn't easy to call from the house when Danny was around, and what would she have said anyway? Kati chided herself, "Kat, quit being such a Guy about this! It was fun and no harm done, that's all. Besides, it won't ever happen again."

The fact that Kati had been so distraught and so sleep-deprived and, yes, so drunk that night allowed her to began to rationalize and dismiss it in her own mind. She began to think of it as an erotic fantasy she'd had, including the part where she'd accidentally peed, she could never have done that for real now, could she?

Kati headed straight to the club Friday night and saw Suzie only in passing. It was a very busy night and she cleared nearly eight hundred dollars. She decided to hide a few hundred from Danny. The next evening Zillionaire's was advertising the "sextravaganza to top your wildest fantasies" and, if Friday was any indication, Kati could conceivably head home with another thousand in her purse. On second thought, make that thirteen or fourteen hundred; the rest she would conceal in the Eclipse, because Danny would demand her purse as soon as she walked in the door. Kati came back to Suzie's apartment exhausted and collapsed on the sofa in her underwear. She could already hear Suzie snoring softly in the other room. This job paid well, but it sure demanded a ton of stamina. The oldest dancer in the club was twenty-six and could easily have passed for thirty or thirty-five.

* * * * *

The next morning both girls donned bikini's to lounge by the apartments pool and enhance their tans. The fish seemed to love tan lines. Kati was about 5'-4" and 110 pounds, with a full D cup chest on her 32 inch rib cage. She was naturally fair and freckly, so her tan lines gave a great contrast. Her bikini was conservative, a full coverage model in red, which seemed to go with her rosy coloring and hot amber locks. She spread her towel on one of the loungers and slipped on her sunglasses, but resisted oiling up until Suzie got there to help her. Suzie was easy to spot. First, the pool was nearly deserted, and then there was that tiny suit that she'd gotten in Bermuda. The bottoms made Kati's t-backs look like they had excess material and it didn't so much have cups as something more akin to postage stamps. It was a bright floral print, contrasting nicely with Suzie's deep tan. This was not Suzie's normal tanning suit, as evidenced by the expanse of white skin showing around the margins of the miniscule costume. Suzie was a perfect girl-next-door type. She was 5'-6" and had a lush 38-22-36 figure, of which the first number was a full C, bordering on D. In later years, Suzie's generous curves and 128 pounds might become over blown with children and the rigors of being a housewife, but for now she was smooth and deliciously cuddly. Kati was a petite thing, save for the huge boobs which looked even more extreme on her body. Her mid-back hair was sun-bleached and highlighted with shades of red and tan and she was the "hotter" of the two from a guy's perspective. Suzie's hair was clipped at her neck, and looked like spun gold shot through with silver. It wasn't that she was less hot than Kati, just hot in an understated way. She was a woman to be reckoned with on all levels and because she could have any guy she wanted, she kept all the guys trying and practically begging for her favorable regards. The two women contrasted each other nicely, but what really attracted Suzie to Kati was her sweet and empathetic personality. Kati admired Suzie's confidence and felt indebted to her for a thousand things. This was more about the social attraction between them than about their physical attributes.

As Suzie spread her towel, Kati regarded the overcast sky with a sigh and noticed that the breeze had picked up. It was a rush of cold air that gave her goose bumps and signaled that the day would not be sunny and dry. "I think I felt some raindrops earlier, Suz." Suzie hugged her arms around her body, which seemed to extrude her nipples against the colorful material and agreed that it was not looking promising. Suzie seemed to be turning something over in her mind and did something uncharacteristic for her bubbly self-confidence, she asked a question, hesitantly, as if she was afraid of the answer.

"Kati, have you been avoiding me?" Before Kati could respond she fired another perplexing question, "Did you think I was going to rip your clothes off and ravish you as soon as you showed up?"

Kati was taken aback, and since Suzie was obviously upset, she grabbed her hand and held it tenderly as she answered. "Of course not, hon. You have never done anything but be completely wonderful to me. It's just... just that ... well whatever happened that night ... was otherworldly. I'm not sure how much of it was real and how much of it I dreamed. I was so drunk and upset. You'll think I'm crazy if I tell you what I dreamt. I ... ". Kati glanced around to see if anyone was within earshot. "I dreamed I peed the bed while we were ... uh... fooling around." Kati blushed to utter such a thing.

Suzie smiled, "Well, it wasn't a dream, and you didn't exactly pee. I was just sort of hoping that maybe you liked it." The last almost had the intonation of a question.

"Suz, I adored it! But, I don't want to be a ... uh...", she trailed off, afraid to mention the L-word to her friend lest Suzie take it as a personal accusation.

"A Lesbian, you mean ... or bisexual ... or a misandrist?" Suzie had that infuriating vocabulary that shattered her carefully crafted, dumb blonde persona. "A misandrist is a man-hater", she explained, and, of course, only someone as sharp as Suzie would have that one in her vocabulary.

Kati nodded solemnly.

"So that's what you've had stuck in your brain. Listen up, girlfriend, while Momma tells you the facts of life." Kati felt a rush of heat in her loins to hear Suzie call herself Momma. "Look, it takes a lot more than a few orgasms, or even a lot of orgasms to make you a lezzie, or even a bisexual. All that happened was that a couple of friends had fun while there weren't any boys around. Do yourself a favor and quit worrying about the labels and be glad that you just doubled the number of people on this planet that you might like to have a good time with. I love women, but I love men too, sometimes even together, sometimes more than one person at a time. I don't mean to shock your tender ears, but I don't think that makes me a Lesbian, just a happy Hedonist. But you did like it, didn't you?" A mix of casual indifference and deep concern, for Kati's reactions were central to Suzie's distress.

Kati squeezed her hand and reassured her that it had been lovely and incredible.

Suzie again blurted out the crux of the issue. "I have never had such a sexy partner. I've been with a few women, but none of them ever spurted like you did."

Before Kati could frame a response, the rain began to fall in big drops that could only turn into a full-fledged downpour, what the Texans called a "real frog-strangler." The girls grabbed up their things and fled into Suzie's apartment.

Having now opened the door to the discussion, the two girls went on, interspersing the erotic discussion with clinical questions and mundane preparations for the evening's work. Suzie poured two glasses of wine and they settled on the sofa with some music on Suzie's CD player to strategize and discuss. Kati's found herself sliding one shapely thigh over the other under the towel she had wrapped around her lower body. Relaxing somewhat, Kati asked a question that had been dying to ask. "How did you make me climax so quickly ... and so hard?"

Suzie smiled her Cheshire cat grin and replied. "Well you were pretty wet. Your panties were practically dripping! So I just kept moving the wet cloth around over your clit. My first girlfriend was an old lady of seventeen and I was still wearing panties then and she did it to me. I thought I was going to come unglued."

"How old were you?"

"Sixteen, almost seventeen. It was at a cheer camp, which was always boring until I met Tammie."

"Oh", Kati fidgeted.

"After you'd climaxed once I let you cool down a little and catch your breath. Before you got completely cooled off I showed you another of Tammie's tricks. Something she called the 'ol two-hander. You have to be in just the right place to apply pressure to the g-spot from inside and from outside and it really makes you go off. I can squeeze a couple of drops, but that's it. I've only heard about the really big ones and I sort of though they were faked, until you proved that they were no urban legend."

"My God ... you mean that was real? I was sure that part was just a dream. I was sort of too occupied to take notes. I guess I should have sent you flowers to thank you for the great sex." Kati gave a lopsided grin and decided to change the subject to one less charged. "What is this Sextravaganza thing tonight, anyway?"

"Oh, it's just an excuse to raise the cover charge and they have a few extra dancers coming in. The last time they did it, it was wall to wall and we didn't get out until five in the morning. But that reminds me; we need to have a "twist" tonight, because the feeding frenzy on the fish will be wild. I want to make sure we both do better than OK. Would you mind helping me work something out?" For the uniformed, a twist was a contrived performance, a little vignette done for effect and to enhance the tips through naughtiness.

"Of course I'll help. You really know how to skin the fish, girlfriend."

"OK, first we need to get dressed for the dance set, so we need to change." Suzie went into her bedroom to get a dress and t-back and Kati began to peel off her bathing suit, which by now was very sticky on the bottom. She selected a purple string thong, thinner than a t-back but sufficiently opaque. She slipped on a white eyelet dress that had been her step-mom's, and which was probably designer, but now was one of Kati's hand me downs. Suzie emerged from her bedroom in a little sailor girl costume in blue and white, complete with saucer hat. She hiked the short skirt up on the side to reveal pink satin boy shorts. "Think the Mom will let me get away with these?"

"I don't see why not, Suz. That outfit is just precious."

The club had two stages. The one nearest the door was the biggest and the highest off the floor with a set of steps and a short section of railing on each side. This one was for the fish to come up and get a titty shake and slip a bill into the side of the girl's t-back. Because of the stairs, the dancers were most comfortable here, having something to hang on to no matter how their bodies were oriented. Also, the fish were sort of corralled within the railings. This was where most of the simulated Lesbian gimmicks took place because it gave them both ample supports for whatever contortion. After completing a main stage set, the dancer did another on the satellite stage, which was smaller and lower. It did offer one advantage if you were athletic enough. The pole was braced to the low ceiling with a square framework that offered secure holds, like a parallel bar. A dancer might swing on her arms or if a fish was tipping, fling her foot up to his shoulder. Some brave girls swung both legs over both shoulders, pinning his head at mid-thigh and working the hips to dangle her moneymaker tantalizingly just out of reach. Kati was petite enough to do the leg lift, even hooking it behind the guy, but rarely performed the move she'd developed in pom-pom and ballet. Suzie liked the move, and had long, luscious legs, but could not accomplish it gracefully and safely.

Suzie began to explain that this was a "lez twist" for the main stage and that reminded Kati of something she'd wanted to ask, "Suz, a couple of weeks back I saw this woman in the club come up to tip you. She had on a white blouse and denim shorts and I was standing off to the side and saw you ... well you took her breast out and sucked it and then put it back. That was so hot, but, it didn't look like it was just a twist. Did you know her?"

"I remember her," Suzie answered, "but I never laid eyes on her before. When she came up to the stage she said she was with her husband and she thought it was pretty embarrassing to force her up to the main stage. Honey, she was just buzzing and I could tell at a glance how turned on she was. When I took her nipple in my mouth she trembled and sighed so loud I thought everyone would hear her over the music. Later when her man got up to go to the restroom she gave me $50 and her business card. I never called her though, I'm not much into dating Mommies."

Kati shivered inside; there was that delicious reference to the whole mother-thing again. Kati was at the CD player selecting Don Henley's "All She Wants to Do is Dance" and turning the bass up high. She'd arranged her step stool between the dining area and the kitchen where she could grab the ornamental spindles supporting the cabinets over the breakfast bar. All in all, it was a pretty good simulation of the main stage at Zillionaire's. 

"Anyway, Suzie," continued, trying to explain this new gimmick, "I'm up on the top step of the main and you come up dancing to the music, like you're going to tip me, only you bend over and dangle your hair down across my feet." Both girls put Suzie's description to actions and the sight of Kati's body bent over was something that would likely thrill the fish silly. "Now swing up, but brush your face along the front of my legs."

Kati obliged, finding her head under Suzie's white skirt with the folds brushing her hair. There was a distinct sexual odor under there and for the first time she realized just how tight Suzie's boy shorts were. No boy ever wore his like that, she'd wager. The shorts followed the upper contour of Suzie's generous ass in back and dove down in a vee in front. There was no danger of revealing anything as they were well above Suzie's slit, but either they were so thin and tight, or Suzie was so swollen, that she presented a highly-visible and well defined camel toe. The effect of the pink satin was more like Suzie was shaved and bare than anything else. The only difference was that there was no actual slit, just the perfect image of one.

"I'm not sure those pants are going to fly with the Mom, Suz, I can the complete outline of your twat!"

Suzie remarked that she had worried about that and tried to place her knee on Kati's shoulder; but stumbled and nearly fell off the stool. "I can never seem to get that one down", she groused.

"I think I understand what you want, Suz. How about letting me give it a try?"

Suzie restarted the song and Kati dropped to her knees, opening and closing her legs with her skirt held down in between until Suzie approached and bent. Since Suzie had less hair, she had to go down further and she easily slipped under Kati's skirt. She also sensed the lovely arousal aroma and sighed to herself at the sight of Kati's lovely mons in purple, like a large egg in a soft pouch. Kati pushed her back theatrically and then flipped her leg up and crossed Suzie's shoulder at the knee. Both girls seemed to move to this connection and a second later Kati felt Suzie's clever mouth chewing on her and soaking her crotch with saliva. She pushed Suzie away with a laugh, "That's worth a hundred bucks or shall I have a bouncer escort you out?"

"I'll pay you later", Suzie joked.

"Whew, I'm pretty whiff. I need to shower and wash my hair, can I go first?"

"Sure, we won't need to be there for hours yet. Maybe we can grab some dinner first?" She glanced out the window at the sheets of rain sluicing across the parking lot. "We may have to eat microwave pizza from the look of things.

Kati peeled off her dress and strode into the bathroom, wondering if Suzie was admiring her pert little ass with the nearly invisible purple string. She adjusted the temperature and stepped under the spray closing the glass door with a click. She'd wet her hair and was reaching for the shampoo when she heard the bathroom door open and saw Suzie's fuzzy image through the frosted glass.

"Want me to loofa your back?"

"What do you want to do to my backside?" Kati quipped.

"Oh nothing that's forbidden in cheer camp," Suzie shot back.

Suzie stepped in behind Kati and began to work the soapy sponge up and down her back looking for the knots of tension. Kati put both of her palms against the front wall and thrust her bottom out moaning softly that it "hurt so good." Before long Suzie had applied her lips to the cleft in Kati's neck and was nibbling softly up and down. She slid her right hand under Kati's arm and cupped her lush, heavy breast. Kati pressed back against Suzie's warm orbs and even used her left hand to cup her ass cheek, prolonging the intimate contact. When they disentangled a little and Kati turned to face her friend, Suzie was already tilting her head and kissing her hungrily. Kati wondered if she would ever meet anyone else, like a man, who was such a fabulous kisser.

She broke the kiss and spoke to Suzie breathlessly. "Suz, you're my best girlfriend in the world and I really do love you. I know that you've given and given and given and I want to do things for you too, but I just don't know where to start. I still love men, but you're so special. Does that make any sense at all?"

"Of course it does, you little doll. That's exactly what I've been trying to get you to understand. I don't expect you to marry me, not even date me. I just want us to be open to whatever happens between good friends. As far as not knowing what to do, well, women and men are not so different in that. We do for others what feels good to ourselves. The only thing is that with women, it's about pleasing your partner first and getting off second and we're much more empathetic about what our lovers enjoy and want." With that, she turned her back for Kati to scrub her.

While Kati was moving the sponge up and down she thought seriously about what Suzie had just said. Could it really be that simple, to touch her as she herself enjoyed being touched? She was so engaged in her pondering that she must have used too much pressure, for Suzie yelped, "Hey, don't take the skin off!" Kati immediately dropped the sponge and rinsed Suzie's back with the hand held sprayer, "I'm so sorry, babe, I was just thinking about what you said and I got sort of lost."
