 My sister, Sandra, is 35 years old, and 3 years older than me. I have known for quite some time that my sister is bisexual, but she has just recently informed my parents that she is living with a woman, and it's more than a platonic relationship.

I was introduced to my sister's girlfriend over the holidays, and was pleasantly surprised. Kelly is 25, blonde hair, with long legs. She stands about 5' 8", has a very pretty face, but smallish, almost non-existent breasts. Sandra, has dark hair, is about 5' 3", but has large 36D breasts.

When I was going through puberty I would sneak peaks at my sister when she was in the shower or getting dressed, and would beat off thinking about those big boobs, with the large pink areolas.

After college, I moved about 60 miles away from home for work, but my sister still lives in our hometown, and now shares a house with Kelly. Acouple months ago I had business in our hometown and rather than stay in a motel my sister invited me to stay overnight at her house. I arrived around 7:30 and was greeted at the door by Kelly. When she opened the door, she was wearing a pair of sweat pants and a tank top, without any bra, as I could see her nipples protruding through the thin fabric. Before I knew it, she stepped forward and gave me a big hug. I was somewhat startled as I had only met her once before, but this was a pleasant surprise. I was able to pull away before my growing member became too obvious. Kelly told me that my sister was at the store, and would be back soon. She showed me to the guest room, and asked if I'd like something to drink. I said it would be great if she could get me a beer while I changed clothes.

When I finished changing, I walked to the living room, and found Kelly and my sister kissing each other passionately.

I cleared my throat, and they turned and broke their kiss, both of them looking a little embarrassed. Sandra handed me my beer, and gave me a quick peck on the cheek, as that was our normal greeting. Kelly and Sandra were drinking white wine and I was drinking my beer as we sat around the kitchen table just chatting. Sandra complained that she had strained her back at work that day, so Kelly suggested that she go for a soak in the hot tub. I got up to get another beer, while my sister went to her room to change into her swimsuit. Kelly had gone out back to make sure the water temperature was okay, and I poured her and my sister another glass of wine.

My sister came back into the kitchen area wearing a thong bikini, and I was taken aback by how good she looked. Maybe it was the two beers without dinner that was affecting my judgment, but for the first time in a long time I was looking at my sister as a woman, and not just my sister. Her large breasts were spilling out of her top, and her recent infatuating with running had done wonders for her ass. It was round, and high and tight. The thong left nothing for the imagination.

Sandra went out to the hot tub and Kelly went with her. Kelly was standing outside the tub while Sandra was relaxing in the warm, bubbling water while I popped open another beer in the kitchen. I was thinking to myself that if I played my cards right, maybe I'd get a chance to spy on them while they were playing later that night. Those cards would have been a pair, but little did I know that I had just drawn a full house!

After a few minutes Kelly came back inside and said that my sister felt that they were abandoning me and said that Kelly and I should join her in the hot tub. I told Kelly that I hadn't brought a swim suit with me, so I would take a pass.

She was pouring another couple glasses of wine and said that I could just wear my underwear, and she would do the same. I was still a little reluctant, so Kelly stepped out of her sweats and stood before me in her tank top and a pair of thong underwear. "Come one and join us" she said, and she stepped out of the kitchen and into the backyard, carrying the two glasses of wine. "Don't be a party-pooper" my sister called from the hot tub, "it's not big deal, it's just like a swimsuit" she said.

"What the hell" I thought, so I took off my shirt and pants and walked out into the backyard in just my boxer-briefs.

Staring at Kelly in her underwear had given me a "semi", so there was something of a bulge in my package as I approached the hot tub. Sandra and Kelly began whistling and cat-calling me, as they noticed what was preceding me across the yard.

I hurriedly hopped into the tub to avoid any further embarrassment.

Kelly and Sandra were cuddled up next to each other as I took a seat across from them. Kelly teased Sandra saying "your brother seems to be packing something bigger than that new strap-on we just bought". My face must have been turning three shades of red with embarrassment, but I was a little flattered at the same time. Kelly asked if it were true that guys always got turned on by watching two women kiss? I told her that not "always", but usually, especially if the women were good looking. She then asked, what about two women who looked like her and my sister. I told her I believed that most guys would definitely be turned on by that. Before I could say anything else, Kelly turned to my sister and began tongue kissing her and fondling her breasts. Through her water-soaked t-shirt I could see Kelly's nipples hardening and sticking straight out through the material.

As quickly as they started kissing, Kelly broke the kiss and asked if that had turned me on. I was embarrassed to admit that my cock had grown almost to its full length, so I tried to explain that it was different if one of the women was your sister. Kelly could see I was fudging with the truth, so she glided over to me and grabbed my cock under the water.

"If your cock is this big without being turned on, I can't wait to see it at it's full size" she said as she gave me another quick squeeze before sliding back over next to Sandra.

Her hand fell below the water line, and I could tell she had placed it between Sandra's legs as my sister's hips were rocking back and forth, causing small waves in the hot tub.