 Sandra stood outside the club wondering what she had got herself into. At just 19 her life had turned upside down over the last few weeks. Sandra had always been what her friends would call 'cock hungry' and she recalled with a slight smile her 19th birthday when she had been fucked by 19 cocks. Then Sally, who roomed just along the corridor in her student accommodation, seduced her and introduced her to lesbian sex. 

Sandra then met Beth who, following a brutal fucking with a strapon, reduced her to a captivated but willing slut. The use of a strapon gave Sandra what she believed was the best of both worlds, a cock that never went soft and a pussy to lick when it came off.

Shaking herself back to reality she checked her reflection in the shop window. Sandra had dressed with care for the evening, as this was the night she would be introduced to Beth's circle of friends at the club that was known as the 'Double F'. The short silver mini skirt reflected and sparkled in the street lights and the backless matching top was cut deep under the arms giving a hint of the sight of her pert and firm breasts. Sandra twirled and was pleased with the way her platinum blonde bob rose and settled in place.

Walking into the club Sandra covered her nervousness with a broad smile and was relieved to see Beth waiting for her just inside the door. Kissing her firmly Beth murmured in her ear, "Are you looking forward to tonight baby?" and slipped her hand under Sandra's mini-skirt. Finding a naked pussy Beth purred with delight and stroked Sandra pussy lips.

Sandra looked around the club as Beth started to finger her gently and she saw there were two distinct types of women in there. One type was in almost male type clothing and many had short-cropped hair. They were the ones making the noise as they drank and laughed loudly. Around them were much smaller women, most of who were scantily dressed, and clearly deferred to the more butch women.

Sandra felt her knees buckle at Beth's touch and leant against her to support herself. "Looks like my little slut is eager," Beth whispered in her ear as she slid a finger deep into her pussy.

Groaning Sandra felt herself thrust almost reflexively onto Beth's finger and started to grind against her hand.

"Easy baby" Beth laughed, "You will get your fill this evening don't you worry."

"I want to cum now" Sandra breathlessly replied and leant back against the wall pulling up her skirt in the crowded club with no shame.

"You little slut" Beth said with almost affection and putting a hand inside the opening of Sandra's top grasped her nipple between finger and thumb. Sandra groaned and opened her legs allowing Beth to push another finger into her soaked pussy. As the other women watched Beth started to finger fuck Sandra curling her fingers as she pushed in and out.

"Cum on them baby," Beth cooed as Sandra thrust herself wantonly onto Beth fingers.

Screaming Sandra felt the orgasm build in her and moaning, "Ohhhhhhhh Beth" she felt herself flood as the orgasm burst through her.

Sandra stood on wobbly legs as Beth held up her fingers for her to lick clean. Sandra had come to love the taste of pussy juice and slurped at the fingers eagerly as Beth talked to women walking by. 

"Nice slut" a tall well-muscled woman said who had been watching the performance.

"I want a piece of that" a short heavy set dark haired woman growled and with that grabbed Sandra and pulled her towards the central stage.

Within seconds Sandra found herself naked on the stage with a spotlight on her and Beth standing by her side. "As we know ladies" Beth drawled into the microphone, "When a new slut joins the 'Double F' club, on her first night she is available for all. Well tonight is Sandra's first night so let's give her a night she will never forget."

A cheer echoed through the club and Sandra found herself surrounded by women. Beth had faded into the background and carried by many hands Sandra was carried to a raised padded dais in the middle of the stage.

One woman straddled Sandra's face and ground her pussy downward, "lick me bitch," she groaned and Sandra willingly obliged, pushing her tongue as deep as she could. Sandra licked as the woman rode her face and then she felt fingers sliding into her pussy fingering her wetness.

Sandra felt her legs being lifted and then the now familiar joy of a large dildo being pushed into her pussy. She felt her legs being lifted high and the dildo sank home to its full length and the sheer shock of the size caused Sandra to groan into the pussy covering her mouth. The woman on her face writhed and groaned as her orgasm burst and Sandra slurped as much of her juices as she could into her mouth with the rest spread across her face. 

Sandra could feel her legs being pressed against the back of the woman straddling her face. She felt she was being split in two as the other woman behind the dildo in her pussy was driving home as hard as she could. 

The woman straddling her face lifted herself off and Sandra felt a woman lie on her back beside her. Turning her head to the left Sandra looked at her and at the same time the woman fucking her pussy stopped and withdrew.

"Straddle me bitch," the woman snarled and Sandra rolled over and lifted her leg over the woman. She was wearing a large strapon that must have been 10 inches long and so thick she could hardly fit her hand round it. Sandra started to ease herself onto as the crowd of woman around her were cheering and laughing.

"Take it bitch," a woman in the crowd laughed as she pushed hard on Sandra's shoulders causing the dildo beneath her to drive home deep into her body. Sandra screamed as the dildo hit against her cervix but the woman underneath just laughed and started to arch her hips upwards. Despite the pain Sandra felt herself force herself down to meet the upward thrusts.

Sandra felt a hand on her back and another voice say, "Hold the slut still" and willing hands held her body.

Sandra felt the second dildo press against her anal opening which was tight from the huge dildo in her pussy.

"Looks like the slut is a bit tight," the woman laughed and put her weight behind a vicious thrust. Sandra had enjoyed anal before but normally she was prepared and ready and never before had her pussy been so full when someone tried entry. Her scream was high pitched as the dildo entered her ass and she felt like she was being ripped apart.

"Please it's too big," Sandra sobbed as the woman pushed it deeper and deeper into her ass.

"Shut your mouth slut" the woman snarled and kept working it in until it was fully embedded in her ass.

Leaning over Sandra's shoulder the woman behind kissed the woman under her and the breaking the kiss said, "Now lets fuck this bitch." With that the two women started to alternate their thrusts into Sandra's helpless body.

Sandra felt like a rag doll as the two powerful women began to fuck her and her brain was fuddled from the overload of sensory stimulation she was receiving. When they had finished they both pulled out of her leaving her lying on her back in a stupor.

Looking through the crowd Sandra could see Beth standing at the bar chatting to a pretty young girl and not really watching the show on stage. Before disappointment could register, she felt her legs being lifted up to her chest and some cold soothing gel being poured on her pussy and ass. To the relief of Sandra this temporally stopped the stinging but if she had realised what was coming next she would have not been so happy.

"And now" a woman on the microphone spoke to the crowd, "The reason why this is called the double F club...the double fist club," and the audience roared with approval.

With that Sandra felt 3 fingers being forced into her open pussy, at the same time 2 fingers were pushed into her well-fucked ass. Sandra reacted reflexively and moaned as the two women started to finger fuck her. The 3 fingers in her pussy were joined by a 4th and then Sandra felt like she really would pass out as the woman pushed the whole of her hand into her pussy. 

Sandra had never felt anything like it before and white lights were flashing in her brain. Breathing deeply she got used to the woman's hand inside her and then it dawned on her what was happening with her ass. The 2 fingers had been joined by a third and now she was pushing a 4th in.

"Nooooooooooooooooooooooooooo" please Sandra sobbed but her cries were ignored.

"Oh my fucking goddddddddddd" Sandra shouted at the top of her voice as the woman pushed her hand into her ass joining the other in her pussy.

The two women started to fist in and out of Sandra's pussy and ass and Sandra eventually passed out from the pain. When she came to she was lying on the dais alone her pussy and ass both burning with pain. Looking up she saw Beth standing there with a bottle of beer in her hand looking a little drunk.

"Welcome to the club my little slut" she slurred and leant forward and grabbed Sandra by the throat. "Just remember you are my property and I can do what I like with you" and with that staggered away. 

Sandra stifled a sob as she wondered what she had got herself into this time.