 Sandra yawned and rolled over in bed and felt that familiar tingling in her pussy that she always felt first thing in the morning. Her straight platinum blonde hair was slightly tousled from sleep but it still framed her pretty angelic face. Thinking about it she giggled and realised that she nearly always felt a tingling whenever she was awake, and her pussy and ass had a delicious aching feeling following her savage fucking at the hands of Beth and her friends a few nights ago (see Sandra 3).

Pushing the covers down slightly Sandra began to roll her nipples causing them to stand proud. Her 36c breasts had no sag and she alternated between tweaking her nipples and caressing her breasts.  Kicking the covers back Sandra revealed her naked 20-year-old body that was in perfect shape.  Slowly tracing one hand down her tummy Sandra gently touched her shaven mound before delicately tracing her pussy lips.

A noise at the window caused her to open one eye and she could see the window cleaner was getting a good eyeful of her wanton display. Sandra had no shame and made no attempt to cover her naked body. Instead she opened her legs wider and pushed a finger deep into herself. Opening both eyes now she could see the window cleaner was watching open mouthed and she could make out the bulge in his cut off jeans. Licking her lips Sandra started to finger fuck herself first with one finger and then with two. Sandra closed her eyes and enjoyed the feelings as she rubbed her clit with the palm of her hand.

"God you are a slut," a voice from the doorway exclaimed and opening her eyes Sandra saw her friend Sally from a room a few doors down the corridor in the college dormitory. 

"Giving the window cleaner a show," Sandra moaned without stopping her fingering and Sally looked at up to see the window cleaner had removed his cock and was wanking as he watched Sandra pleasure herself.

"Well let's give him something to really watch," Sally laughed, "but he will have to clean the windows if he cums." 

With that Sally stripped off her clothes and stood admiring Sandra's full body for a minute. Then leaning forward Sally gently slapped Sandra's fingers away before replacing them with her own. Although a lesbian herself Sally knew that Sandra was bisexual and anyway she didn't want to spoil the window cleaners day, as long as he stayed the other side of the glass.

Making sure the window cleaner would still be able to get a good view Sally started to finger fuck Sandra and then leant forward and licked her clit at the same time. Sandra moaned and thrashed on the bed under Sally's skilled fingers and tongue and murmured "sixty-nine." 

Sally needed no second invitation and swung her legs over Sandra's head before settling down to a long tonguing session. Sandra was relatively new to making love to a woman but eagerly licked and lapped Sally's pussy as she ground it down onto her mouth like she had been doing it for years.

Pausing for a second with her licking, but still fingering, Sally looked at the window cleaner knowing that he would be getting a clear view. She smiled lewdly and stared into his eyes as she pushed a third finger into Sandra's soaking pussy causing Sandra to groan and thrash on the bed. As she did she heard a deeper groan through the open small-top window and saw white sticky globules hit the window. 

Mouthing to the window cleaner, "Clean it up," she bent her head and began to torture Sandra's clit with her tongue. Soon Sandra was screaming in orgasm and this vocal stimulus caused Sally to grind her pussy down and flood Sandra's mouth with her cum as her orgasm hit.

"Mmmmmmmmmmmmmmm," Sandra purred, "What a nice way to wake up." 

"By showing the window cleaner what a slut you are," Sally laughed. 

Sandra wiggled free from under Sally and stood at the window still naked, "Well why shouldn't I?" she laughed and waved at a couple of passing cars who honked at her brazen display. 

"Mistress Beth wouldn't like it." Sally said and looked shocked when Sandra just shrugged and turned back to the room. 

Sally had had the hots for Sandra since she first met her and couldn't help touching herself despite her recent orgasm as she watched Sandra dress her full and nubile body. Sandra pulled on a black skin-tight top that showed clearly that she had no bra on and then pulled on the tiniest of denim mini-skirts. 

"No panties?" Sally panted as she slowly fingered herself lying on Sandra's bed.

"Nope" Sandra laughed "I need to get my grades up and I just recon that my lecturer is a dyke. Anyway who is the slut now?" With that Sandra nodded her head towards the window before flouncing out of the room. 

Sally followed her gaze and was mortified to see that the window cleaner had retuned but this time with a friend. Poking out her tongue at their disappointed faces Sally grabbed her clothes and followed Sandra out of the door.

* * * * * * * * * *

"Well you see the thing is Julie," Sandra purred, "I have been so busy I just haven't had a chance to get things sorted." 

With that Sandra uncrossed her legs knowing that she would be getting a full view of her shaven pussy. To make sure it looked it's best Sandra had even fingered herself outside the door so that it was pink and puffy. Sandra was sure in her own mind that despite Miss Julie Cooke's hard and ice-cold reputation when it came to grades in English she would be able to work her charms.

Sandra started to feel a little unsure of herself, as there was no reaction on Julie's face. No shock and horror nor any signs of wanton lust. Sandra was used to getting the latter from just about most people and if she had got a shock reaction she was ready to laugh it off and deny that she had been naked under her skirt. Sandra shifted in her seat and felt distinctly unconformable as a small icy smile played across Julie's lips and the silence hung heavy in the room.

"So," Julie said in a low voice that cut the silence in the room like a knife. "The sight of some young slut's pussy is supposed to be enough for me to give you a good grade is it?" 

Sandra coloured red and before she could reply Julie's voice cut like a whip, "And it's Miss Cooke or Ma'am to you ......slut." 

Sandra felt her pussy flood and she squirmed on the seat. Beth had captured her by sexually dominating her into submission. This woman was making her almost cum just by talking. 

"GET OUT," Julie barked. 

Stammering "Sorry Ma'am," Sandra stumbled towards the door she felt the tears stinging her face. 

As she reached the door she felt her blood run cold when she heard Julie say; "I understand you are Beth's new slut, wonder what she will say about your actions when you appear at the club this evening. NOW GO."

Sandra leant against the wall outside, her breath coming in short sharp pants. She couldn't make her mind up if it was the way in which Julie's personality had totally captivated her or the shock that Julie was clearly part of the same lesbian scene that Beth belonged to. Glancing quickly to her left and right Sandra couldn't resist slipping her hand under her skirt and touching herself. 2 fingers slipped in easily and her clit felt like it was electric. Not caring who came round the corner Sandra savagely finger-fucked herself and with in a few minutes bought herself to an orgasm. Walking away on slightly wobbly legs Sandra decided this evening had promise.

* * * * * * * * * *

The music thumped out a heavy sexual beat through the club that was dark and slightly smoky. Sandra walked in gripping Sally's arm and although normally sure of herself Sandra could feel her tummy flipping as she walked across the room. She felt that the eyes were undressing her, which wouldn't have been difficult as she was wearing a white sheer mini-dress that was virtually see-through with nothing underneath it. As she stood at the bar she felt a hand tug her head back and as she half turned Beth clamped her mouth over hers and poked her tongue deep into her mouth. Beth's thrust her other hand under Sandra's dress from behind and she pushed her finger deep into Sandra's wet pussy.

Laughing Beth half shouted, "Can see my slut is pleased to see me," and pulled out her finger that was wet with Sandra's juices. Waving it to the women nearby, with clear relish, she slowly sucked it dry. 

Sandra didn't dare tell her that the reason she was so wet was that Sally had been fingering her in the taxi on the way there and while she did Sandra was fantasising about Julie. Leaning forward Beth whispered loudly in Sandra's ear, "You are gonna get so fucked tonight baby." 

A few days ago those mere words would have caused Sandra to cum on the spot but now all she could do was scan the room slyly to see if she could catch a glimpse of Julie.

Beth was dressed in what some would call the stereotypical dyke uniform. Her hair was cropped short; she had a vest on with denim jeans topping heavy working boots. For the first time in dawned on Sandra that Beth had more than a few tattoos on her well-developed arms. 

Beth pulled her over to the table and proudly showed her off to her friends. "See she has great tits," Beth boasted and pulled one out of Sandra's dress to demonstrate her point. The other woman laughed coarsely and a couple leant forward and gave her nipple a cruel tweak. 

The women were getting drunker as they slurped beer and Sandra began to feel like no more than a piece of meat, but with no love evident. She was startled when one of the women leant over her and stuck her hand crudely under her skirt trying to grope her. As Sandra started to protest Beth turned and struck Sandra across the face snarling, "Let her have her fun slut." 

Sandra meekly nodded and opened her legs allowing the woman to finger her. Sandra realised there was no point in protesting when the woman stood up and dropped her jeans before sitting back down. Pulling Sandra roughly by the hair she forced her face into her lap and began grinding against Sandra's face. 

"Lick it bitch," she snarled and Sandra had no choice but to begin to lap at her pussy. 

Still muffled in the woman's pussy Sandra heard a cool voice that she recognised instantly as Julie's. "Hello Beth, see you have met one of my students." 

Beth looked up from the table the laughter dying in her throat as she stammered, "Hi Julie." 

Sandra sat up and watched fascinated as the two women looked at each other. Julie looked cool as a cucumber in a white trouser suit and the jacket done up with one button. The amount of naked flesh on display asked the question as to whether she was naked underneath. 

Julie's brown hair tumbled around her shoulders framing her face that was still pretty despite the firm set of her features. Beth's cropped hair was damp with sweat and she looked dishevelled in her crumpled jeans and white vest top. 

"She offered herself to me so guess that makes her mine" Julie said still keeping her hands in the pockets of her trousers. 

"Fuck you," Beth snarled and went to stand and confront Julie, as she was nearly twice her weight. Sandra could only watch in amazement, as things seemed to happen in slow motion yet at the same time so fast it was almost invisible. As Beth lurched to her feet Julie pushed hard on the table trapping Beth against the padded seat. In one fluid motion she reached forward and grabbing Beth's hair bought her face down onto the heavy table causing her nose to break. As Julie bought Beth's face back up still gripping her hair she slammed the heel of her hand forward breaking Beth's nose. Then letting go Beth slumped over the table unconscious.

Still smiling coolly Julie looked at the others on the table and said, "Anyone else want to argue about ownership?" The other women looked at Beth who was still comatose and shook their heads. 

"Go to my car girl" Julie purred at Sandra holding out a set of car keys. 

Sandra nodded meekly and taking the keys from Julie walked into the car park. As she stood looking around she felt a presence behind and realised that Julie had moved silently to stand behind her. 

"The blue sports" Julie whispered and Sandra walked over and got in. As the car rumbled into life Sandra wondered for a moment what the rest of the night would bring. 

"Remove your dress" Julie purred and without thinking Sandra pulled the dress over her head and sat naked in the passenger seat.

Julie traced her nail down and around Sandra's breast before tracing downwards to her pussy. Sandra felt herself arch of the seat trying to push towards Julie's fingers. 

Moving her hand away Julie laughed as she said, "My my you are an eager slut, now dress in this" and handed her a very large T-shirt with the words ‘Property of Lady J' across the front.

"Time for you to meet my other slut." Julie laughed and with that gunned the heavy car into the night