 By Tappy McWidestance and Sandra

*

Saturday morning I slept in. I didn't plan to, but my body needed rest. Friday night at Hendrick's house had been so exciting I wondered how he would top it on Monday as he had promised. After doing my morning workout and showering, I did as I was instructed and inserted the third size of plug from the anal stretching kit. Just like when I graduated to size two, it hurt going in and I knew it would hurt more coming out. But also just like size two I now felt fuller than ever before and I knew that I would learn to love feeling soon enough. Maybe after wearing this plug for a couple of days Hendrick would deem me worth of his cock and break my anal cherry. Maybe that was his big surprise. After I had fucked Cindy with the strap-on molded on his cock and I had seen just how excited she became to have me in her ass, I was really looking forward to finally being fucked in the ass. Yeah, I know I'm naughty for thinking that way, but what can I say. Nothing was turning me on right then like dreaming of cocks in every one of my holes.

I was not expecting to hear from Master Jon over the weekend, especially since his wife had not gone out of town. I thought Cindy might call. I know I picked up the phone several times to call her but I never dialed. I wasn't sure exactly what our relationship was all about. Was she just acting on Master Jon's orders and therefore would not was me without a direct order? Or did she really feel a kinship with me where I could just call and invite her over for sex? I went out Saturday night with some friends I had not seen for a long time. Of course I was still wearing the plug. But other than that, the night dragged on and on. We had fun, but our evening out seemed like it was never going to end. There definitely was no spark like my body had begun to get addicted to over the last week.

Sunday I stayed home, rested, searched for new sex toys on the internet and masturbated. Time and time again I brought myself to the brink of release only to quit before I came. I was trying to obey my master's instructions not to cum without permission, but it was tough. One thing was for sure though; when I was with Jon and Cindy on Monday I was going to be primed and ready for them. I only hoped they were up for the challenge.

Monday morning dawned and I had a palpable sense of anticipation for what they day would bring. I was dashed to find a message on my phone sent by Jon at 5:10am that he had an emergency trip out of town and was heading for the airport. I was disappointed to say the least. As a result of my disappointment I dressed very conservatively and headed to my office. I did keep the butt plug in. That was my one connection to my new life. But since he was going to be out of town, I figured I was on my own. As it turned out, however, that was far from the case.

When I arrived at the office my voicemail light was flashing. That is hardly unusual. What was different was the message was from Cindy. That made my heart leap as I heard her voice. She said she figured I wasn't too happy about Jon being gone and wanted to know if I wanted to come over tonight. She said she would be home at 7:30 again and maybe we could play again. I knew what her definition of play was and I felt myself lubricating at the thought. Fine, I thought. If I can't play with Jon, I'll play with his assistant. Suddenly my whole outlook on the day changed. But that wasn't the only thing to make my day better, although when the phone rang at first I feared for the worst.

The caller-id on my desk phone showed that the call was from Hendrick's house. Several ideas raced through my head upon seeing that. First, did he really not go out of town? Maybe he didn't want Cindy involved in our special occasion. Second, if he was out of town, why was Mrs. Hendrick calling me? Did she find out about us? Had she seen me with George and Robert? I panicked and almost didn't pick up the phone. But I decided that was stupid and answered. It was Toni Hendrick but she wasn't calling for the reason I thought.

Toni greeted me warmly and apologized for calling me at the office. That was a nice touch considering her husband basically owned me now. I told her calling was not a problem. She said she wanted to talk to me about a sensitive matter. I said sure and asked what was on her mind. She said she'd rather do it in person instead of over the phone. Now I was getting nervous again. "Choose a public place where she can't make a scene," I kept thinking. She asked if I could come back to the house later today and like a fool I agreed. She told me to come by anytime as she would be home all day and I told her I could come around 11. After I hung up I had a vision of her killing me in "self-defense" or in a crime of passion. But now I was stuck. I had to go.

I was distracted the rest of the morning thinking about what she could possibly want. I couldn't decide whether I should be early, late or on time but I did know I was taking that damn plug out of my ass before I went. I decided on being a few minutes early. When I arrived, I met a statuesque brunette walking down the driveway. She was a couple of year older than Toni but no less beautiful. She introduced herself as Laurie, the neighbor across the street. I introduced myself, but I struggled to look her in the eyes. I was too busy looking at her boobs. Like Toni she had obviously had some major work done. However where Toni looks large but not too large and almost natural, Lori's breasts were huge. I'm talking porn star huge like in the movies my ex-husband used to watch. The rest of her body was fit and trim. I had no doubt that like Toni, Laurie spent every day in a gym. She didn't seem taken aback by my obvious staring at her body. I guess she got that all the time. She said goodbye and continued down the driveway. I watched her tight ass as she walked. I guessed she was accustomed to that too. I had to regain my composure and then I walked up to the front door and rang the bell.

Toni answered the door. I was half expecting a servant to greet me, but instead a bubbling, happy wife opened the door. She had on a tiny bikini top. It was jet black and exposed the inside half of her boobs almost to the nipple. Having just caught myself staring at Laurie's expansive chest I now had to deal with Toni practically exposing her silicon beauties at me. Down below she was wear a black sarong which wrapped around her shapely hips exposing her left thigh and angling down to almost her right knee. I had no doubt her bikini bottom would be as small as its matching top. Why was she dressed like this? Laurie was dressed normal. What did Toni really want from me?

As I said she was bubbly and happy. She explained that she was about to lie out and work on her tan by their pool. She asked if I had met Laurie and I said I did. She said Laurie just stopped by to give her opinion on her new suit. Toni did a slow twirl and asked for my judgment. I couldn't just come out and say I thought she (and her friend) were sexy as hell and looking at them was making me wet. Nor could I say I was disappointed in her husband leaving town and not giving me the satisfaction he had promised. No, all I could say was that suit looked great on her. 

I then regained my composure and tried to steer the conversation back to why she had invited me over in the first place, namely legal advice. Toni told me one of her friends has a problem, but before she continued, she told me to grab a suit from the guest bedroom and to join her by the pool. She said we could talk while we tanned. Without waiting for an answer she turned and walked toward the back of the house.

I looked at the staircase leading to the bedrooms. Just three days ago I walked up those stairs but for a very different reason. I couldn't get a sense if Toni knew what I had done at the party or whether I was having an affair with her husband. But I was kind of stuck and knew I had to see this afternoon through. As I crossed the threshold into the bedroom where Robert and George had so effectively expanded my horizons, I felt a wave of excitement sweep over me. Just like Cindy had predicted, I remembered how they had pistoned me between them and how hard I came. I walked along the bed and slid my hand along the comforter remembering the feeling.

Then I snapped back to reality. Toni was expecting me and she would not imagine it to take me long to change. I looked in the closet, but there were no suits hanging up. Then I checked the dresser and there were a couple to choose from. They were various sizes and I found two that should fit. One was a bikini, not as revealing as Toni's but still more revealing than I normally would wear. The second was a one piece and fairly conservative. 

Normally I would have chosen the one piece, especially for a "business" meeting. But I suspected the "legal advice" excuse was just that. An excuse. I'm sure Toni suspected me of something, although I wasn't sure of what. I decided to wear the bikini to show I wasn't intimidated by her. Granted although I'm good looking for my age, I didn't have the hard body of a gym rat, but as I looked at myself in the mirror I had to admit I filled out the suit nicely. It was time to find out what this meeting was all about.

I found Toni on a lounge chair on the pool deck. She had removed her sarong. As I suspected, her bikini bottom was a tiny thing which barely covered her public region. It was little more than a g-string which matched her top. She was wearing dark sunglasses. I couldn't tell if she was looking at me or up at the sky. There was a matching chair next to her with a towel on it. There was a small table between the chairs with a pitcher of lemonade. There were two glasses. Hers was half full with ice and the yellowish liquid. I poured myself a glass and sat down. When I took my first swig I realized there was a strong concentration of vodka in the lemonade. I'd have to watch myself I mused.

The late morning sun was blazing as we laid out worshiping it. We talked some business, but mostly I got the impression Toni was trying to get to know me and find out what I was all about. She wasn't blatantly interrogating me but neither was just using friendly get to know you chit chat. By the time I was on my second lemonade I could feel my tongue loosening. The heat, the alcohol and the comfortable lounge chair posture was conspiring to relax me more than I had been in a long time.

By the time I'd finished the second glass I was feeling no pain and didn't think it was strange when Toni asked if I minded if she removed her top. She said she didn't want to get tan lines on her breasts. The last thing I needed was an excuse to see her topless. I was already horny and I knew I was flirting with disaster because I was there in the first place. But of course I just replied "not a problem," and then I watched as she sat up and untied the string from her bikini top.

I did still have the good sense not to stare while she did that. In fact I made sure to avert my eyes during the unveiling. In my peripheral vision I could see her reclining back into her chair. But I could not make out the details of her marvelous breasts. I was thinking about her breasts and trying to determine just how long I should wait before looking over so I wasn't making it obvious. Then she hit me with the inevitable.

"The sun feels great. Why don't you take your top off too?"

I should have known that was coming. My mind was now reeling trying to decide if she was trying to seduce me (I was open to that by this point) or whether she was just being truthful that it did feel great to expose one's self to the sun so fully.

While I pondered this lofty dilemma, Toni turned up the heat by sliding her tiny bikini bottom off too. This time she didn't ask for my approval and she didn't comment that it felt great. I was pretty sure the seduction option was what was going through her mind, but she made no effort to look at me or convince me to follow her lead. She just laid there soaking in the hot rays of the sun. She seemed not to care one way or the other.

I definitely cared, however. With each breath her chest swelled pushing her magnificent silicon augmented breasts skyward. Rising and falling hypnotically my full attention was drawn to her hard nipples. Beads of sweat were forming and her body now seemed to glisten in the scorching sun. I'm sure she knew exactly the effect she was having on me as I struggled not to think nasty thoughts of what I wanted to do to her and what I wanted her to do to me. When she finally did speak, it wasn't the comment I was expecting.

"Do you want me to mix up another pitcher of lemonade? She asked.

More alcohol was either exactly what I needed or a terrible idea. But I was so horny from looking at her I knew that if she made any moves on me I would respond in kind immediately so I told her another pitcher would be great. At least if I was drunk I'd have that excuse, I figured. Toni stood up and picked up the almost empty pitcher. She poured the remaining tasty liquid, mostly water from the melted ice with just a little vodka and lemonade remaining, into my glass. When she did that, she bent over slightly giving me a front row view of her tits. Before she turned to leave I had a similar view of her hairless pussy and as she walked back to the house I turned to watch her ass. God it was firm. It had to be the tightest ass I'd ever seen. I slumped back onto the chase lounge and closed my eyes trying to get a grip on myself. 

When she returned I quickly drank the mostly ice water mixture from my glass so she could refill it with another round of spiked lemonade. Taking a sip of the new batch, my mouth burned a bit and I instantly realized the alcohol content was increased.

"You might want to let the ice melt a bit," Toni said. "I made this batch a little stronger."

I had figured one more glass would be enough to completely shed my inhibitions, but now that the mixture was stronger, that might have really put me in a dangerous place. Toni went back to her sun worship. I went back to watching her breasts rise and fall, although my gaze was frequently distracted by the drops of sweat forming on her belly and thighs. I sipped the lemonade as often as I dared. The ice was melting quickly and the alcohol was no longer quite so strong tasting. I noticed Toni's glass was still full and that she was not drinking any of it. I started to feel more and more relaxed as a wave of euphoria began to wash over me. I continued to me mesmerized by her breasts. Their silicon enhancement mean they defied gravity standing up proudly in a way mine never would. I was now openly staring at them. Almost absentmindedly Toni began to twirl her finger against her right nipple. Slowly and gentle she ran her fingernail along the edge of her nipple making it stand proud above her mass of boob flesh. I knew this was not an accident, but I could no more stop looking than I could fly to safety.

Seemingly out of the blue she said, "I love my breasts, don't you?"

I felt unable to respond at first. Although I knew she was trying to seduce me, the bluntness of her question stunned me. I fumbled for the right response, but all I could come up with was, "Yes, they are spectacular."

Toni never looked at me. She continued to just lay on her back staring at the sky. Or maybe her eyes were closed. I couldn't tell due to her dark sunglasses. But I'm sure she knew I was staring at her. I watched as she grabbed an ice cube out of her glass and then swirled it around her areole. She continued to talk in a soft, relaxing tone.

"My surgeon is a genius. I had heard that women often lose nipple sensitivity when they have their boobs done, but I think my nipples are more sensitive now. I just barely have to touch them and I get all tingly. "

I swallowed hard as I watched the ice melting in her hand against her nipple. I grabbed my glass and took a big swig of the strong liquid. I didn't know how to respond or even if she expected me to.

"Have you ever thought of having your breasts done, Sandra?" she asked. Without waiting for an answer she offered, "I think you would look amazing."

I was hesitant to respond. Yes I had thought about it, but at my age I figured I was too old for that kind of thing. Then Toni shocked me again.

"Can I confess something, Sandra?" she asked. Again she didn't wait for an answer. "I saw you with George and Robert at the party."

I was undone. She knew. She continued to tell me the story.

"I was just about to fall asleep and from my bathroom I heard someone having a good time in the guest bedroom. I was sure it wasn't Jon, but I wanted to know who it was so I crept down the hallway and quietly opened the door a couple of inches."

I wasn't sure what I was expecting her to say at this point. She told me that she couldn't believe I was there with both of them and that she had been dreaming about being with two guys for a long time, but that her husband was not adventurous in bed and he would never go for a three-way.

I was stunned. First, because I knew Mr. Hendrick pretty well at that point and I could guarantee he enjoyed three-ways. Of course his preference was for two women so maybe she was right. Second, the way she looked, I knew she would have no trouble finding two men to fuck her. Oh well, maybe life as a trophy wife isn't all that great I snickered to myself.

I tried to make up an excuse and apologize for acting so inappropriately in her house, but she would have none of it. She told me she was happy somebody "got fucked properly" at the party since she was mostly involved with her vibrator these days. I was starting to think Hendrick was saving all his energy for the office. Toni was still fiddling with her nipples and I was still watching her. But my mind was now drifting to the image of her pleasuring herself with her vibrator. My breathing was starting to become labored and my arousal more acute.

"Like I said," she continued in her hypnotic tone, "I saw you fucking them and I got so wet. I wanted to play with myself right there in the hallway but I didn't dare."

There was a switch. I was ready to play with myself from just watching her sunbath and now she was confessing that she wanted to masturbate from watching me.

"I quietly shut the door and ran back to my bedroom. I grabbed my most powerful vibe, turned it on high and think I probably came before you did. I'm sorry for telling you all of that, but I thought you should know."

This wasn't my first time being seduced. I knew she didn't have to tell me her story unless she was hoping to turn me on. Of course it worked. My juices were soaking her tiny bikini bottoms she had lent me. I was very tempted to just move over to her and go down on her. I knew that was where this conversation was going and that we were going to end up in bed together, but I wanted to see just how she would "convince" me to have sex with her.

Her seduction was now more of a game. She asked me again if I had ever thought of having my breasts augmented. Then she came in for the kill.

"You really should do it. Here, feel mine," she said while cupping them from underneath and holding them to me like an offering."

How could I resist such a fine offer? I stood from my lounger and knelt down next to hers. The concrete pool desk was hot on my knees, but I didn't care. I cautiously began to touch her. She gave me a brief running commentary on her surgery until she recognized that wasn't necessary. Then she began to moan. I began to flick her nipples and I saw her hips begin to rotate.

"On God, Sandra," she said between heavy breaths. "That feels so good. Please suck on my nipples."

That was a request I gladly accommodated. I then heard the sounds of her fingers in her pussy. She was very squishy sounding. I was happy she was turned on. I would like to say we had a wild lesbian romp throughout the house using every imaginable toy to pleasure each other for hours. We didn't. She did cum as I nibbled on her nipples and her fingers worked their magic on her clit and pussy. I guess she was as turned on trying to seduce me as I was being seduced. She then had me lay back in on my chair while she pulled off my bikini bottom and ate me to a very satisfying climax. She definitely had pussy eating skills. I then returned the favor. Sliding two fingers and licking her clit ferociously. She was grabbing my hair and pulling me down on her in no time. I expected her to return the favor again, but she said she had a friend coming over and we would have to curtail our carnal activities.
