 It felt so good to be with Cindy where I could be free to be myself. I loved my afternoon making tender love to Toni, but I craved something rougher. Even meeting Toni's neighbors had me thinking wicked thoughts about how I would love to kneel before them in submission instead of just lapping away at Toni's pussy. But I had other priorities. I needed to fuck Cindy's wall mounted dildos Anthony and Tim and get myself off. Then I had to convince her to tie me to her bed and use me as she pleased. 

Fortunately Cindy seemed to be on the same page. She told me she had to go first. Master Hendrick was very specific that she was to fuck herself immediately upon returning home. I was treated to a repeat performance of the first time I saw her impaled on the thick black dildos. She rocked between them and I think I got as wet watching as she did using them. She must have liked having me watch because she came very quickly. She was panting as she dismounted her dildos. She sat on the floor for a moment looking at me and then got up.

"Have a good time," she told me. "I'll be right back."

I didn't even watch her walk away. I was too busy getting into position between the fake cocks on my hands and knees. Memories of Hendrick's party flooded back into my brain as both my pussy and mouth were filled. I mounted the pair of stallions 180 degrees from how Cindy had so her flavor still hung heavy on the dildo in my mouth and I savored every drop. She may have been aided by my watching her, but my arousal level had been high all afternoon and I didn't need her to help me get myself off. I started slowly rocking back and forth between the dildos until I felt confident in my body placement. Then I started to buck like a wild woman. Looking up I noticed the LED light on her remote webcam was on. I wondered if she was watching or if I was being broadcast to Master Jon or the web. It didn't matter to me. It was a turn on that somebody was watching me fuck myself. I pulled my mouth off the dildo and grabbed it like I was giving it a hand job. That gave me the ability to look up at the camera. I'm sure my face betrayed the level of lust I was feeling as I jerked the cock and mouthed "I need you. Please fuck me," to the webcam. I then went down on the dildo again.

I hoped Hendrick was watching and was jerking his own cock as I shuddered through a messy orgasm. It felt so right to fuck myself in that hallway. I knew I would have to setup a similar arrangement in my house. Like Cindy, I dismounted and lay on the floor to recover. Without the need to get up, however, I stayed there until she returned a few minutes later. She had transformed herself from naked slave-girl to leather clad mistress. And she looked good. It made my pussy drool again in anticipation.

Cindy was wearing a leather corset that hugged her like a second skin with cutouts for her nipples which were standing at attention and begging to be sucked. Down below she wore no panties, but did have stay up black stockings and thigh high leather boots. Her pussy looked like it was still oozing from the fucking she gave herself and I was sure I would soon have my tongue plumbing her depths. She was also holding a leather collar and two sets of leather cuffs. It was like she could read my mind.

I expected her to take me to her bed, bind me and then fuck me with her strap-on. I was perfectly fine with that, but Cindy had other plans. She led me to her kitchen. That seemed like a strange destination but I wasn't about to complain. Her townhome had a nicely appointed kitchen with granite countertops in a U shape and an island countertop in the center. Cindy brought me over to the larger corner and had me hop onto the counter. She then went about attaching the cuffs to my wrists and ankles and finally attached the thick collar around my neck. I was sitting with my legs down and arms at my sides passively allowing her to make me up as she saw fit. She then told me she would be right back and to not go anywhere. I thought it funny she said that as I had no intention of going anywhere. I sat quietly and looked around the kitchen for any hidden implements of terror she may be about to employ on me. 

She returned with another handful of items. The first to be used were two carabineers. Cindy had me lift my legs and spread them so they pointed down the countertop. Basically my body mirrored the 90 degree turn of the countertop with my legs open at a right angle. Of course this left my pussy completely exposed to her gaze and use. She then took my right wrist and clipped the carabineer through the cuff's D-ring. She then did the same to my left wrist. I wondered where my wrists were about to be attached. 

Instead of finishing with my arms, however, Cindy went to work on my nipples. First she went to the refrigerator and pulled out a can of whipped cream. I'd never used food in my sexual activities before and when she sprayed the fluffy cream on my nipples and then licked it off I felt great. Then she did it again. Needless to say my nipples were standing up at attention which obviously was her goal. I watched with apprehension as she fed the thin chain holding two nipple clamps together through the collar's D-ring. It was barely long enough to reach my nipples if they were tugged upward just enough to make me remember how I wished the chain was two inches longer. Of course any time I moved my head I would also be pulling on my tender nipples.

My pussy was flowing with love juice as Cindy continued to prepare me. She now took my right leg and pushed against it forcing me to bend my knee. I couldn't grasp why she was doing it until once my ankle was near my butt, she grabbed my wrist and clipped it to my ankle cuff. This forced me to bend over slightly. As she touched my left leg I lifted it myself without her having to push. I knew it was going to happen anyway so why fight it. Once it was secured I was bent over a little more on top, but my butt was forced out toward the edge of the counter pushing my pussy even further to the forefront. I wondered how she even though of this position. 

Once again the whipped crème was in her hand. This time she sprayed some in my mouth and before I could swallow it all she gave me a passionate French kiss and took some for herself. Then she sprayed my nipples again, although she didn't lick it off. My clit got the same treatment and then she pushed the nozzle into my pussy and filled me with a generous helping. Oh how I hoped she would clean me with her tongue. Instead it was another command not to go anywhere and she walked out again.

I hated her at that moment for making me wait. But I knew she wouldn't leave me for long. She was obviously enjoying herself and was feeding a switch personality that reveled in having a slave girl of her own. When she returned there were three things that caught my eye. The first two were in left hand. She held a riding crop and a cat-o-nine tails. I wasn't sure how I had earned a punishment but apparently I had. The second item, in her right hand, was a thick black dildo with straps hanging from the bottom. It wasn't the strap-on molded on Master Jon's cock. The straps were not right and I had not seen this one before. Cindy laid it on the counter

"You may be wondering what I'm doing," Cindy said. I nodded. "I do so enjoy punishing a beautiful woman so I'm going to do so. After that we're going to fuck. If you're a good girl, I'll let you cum. Deal?"

I knew a verbal answer wasn't really necessary. I watched as the crop joined the dildo on the counter. With cat in hand, Cindy started slowly spinning it round and round. The lashes on this cat were wide. I knew it would hurt, but it could have been worse. The first place she hit me was on the right shin. The cat wrapped around my leg so it also got my calf. Even though she didn't swing it very hard, it stung. I grunted and stared into her eyes. I was determined not to give her the satisfaction of making me yell.

She started swinging the cat again. She seemed to enjoy making me watch the tail loop round and round as I anticipated when she might snap her wrist and send the leather straps into my tender skin. She was working on the lower sections of my legs and on my inner thighs. They were the most exposed parts of my body to the lash. She left my tits alone, for the moment. Maybe she was afraid she'd hit my face as bent over as I was in her bondage. I say momentarily because once she was satisfied with the pain she caused my legs, she switched to the crop which had much better control. Now she could get up close and personal with my breasts, my butt cheeks, the edges of my pussy and eventually directly on my clit and nipples. My pride of taking the cat nearly silently was long gone by the time the crop landed squarely on my clit. My breaths were coming short and fast and the sting of her crop put my senses on overload. I was panting between blows and screaming after them. The whipped cream that had remained on my nipples and pussy was flying off the crop and splattering on the cabinets and counters.

The combination of the clamps on my nipples and the kiss of the crop were particularly cruel. I felt myself getting dizzy and was starting to think I was going to pass out when she stopped. She clearly knew just how much I could take. She had brought me to the edge and then backed down. After setting down the crop she loosened the clamps. A new searing pain shot through my body as the blood returned, but the feeling passed quickly. Finally, I hoped, she was going to use the dildo on me.

But much like the rest of her plans, the dildo was for her pleasure not mine. Once my nipples were free, Cindy unclipped my wrists from my ankles and helped me get off the counter. I was unsteady at first, but she helped me back to her living room where she told me to lay down. She then had me put my wrists behind my back where she clipped them together. My ankles were also clipped together. Relatively speaking it wasn't a strict bondage, but it was effective. Cindy then took the dildo and I soon realized why the straps looked different. This one was designed to be worn on the chin. 

"I know you would love me to fuck you right now sweetie," Cindy said looking down at me. "But I really need some cock right now. I hope you don't mind?"

Cindy attached the dildo to my chin. It stood up obscenely and filled my field of vision. Cindy didn't waste any time straddling my head and sliding down its length. The first time she moved back up I could see it glistening with her juices.

I didn't mind so much that she was taking pleasure for herself. I had a great view of her pussy sliding up and down and got a noseful of her arousal scent with each pass. What I minded was with my hands bound behind me I couldn't finger myself. Cindy continued to bounce up and down on the fake cock and seemed to get louder and louder with each circuit as her moans of pleasure began to reverberate off the wall. Just when I thought she couldn't take any more and was going to cum, she stopped. I understood why she would stop me from cumming, but why would she do it to herself. She was giggling as she dismounted my face.

"I almost forgot. I'll be right back."

What did she forget? Why did she remember right then?

I watched as she hustled back toward the kitchen. She returned quickly with her crop. I doubted it was for me to use on her.

This time she mounted the dildo in a reverse cowboy. Instead of getting the treat of her pussy in my face every second or so I now got her ass. Before you worry, she had showered in the gym and kept herself clean, but still, it was her ass. I didn't have much time to think about such things as she began to tap the crop on my clit in time with her fuck cadence. She wasn't hitting me, but she was sure letting me know the crop was there and ready to strike. I couldn't see when she might be about to put more force to her strike and when she was just going to tease me.

Suddenly without warning she snapped the crop square on my clit. I howled in pain against the base of the chin dildo. The next strike hit my left inner thigh and then my right. Looking up at her ass rising and falling above my head I realized what was happening. The juices running down the shaft of the dildo had suddenly gotten more copious. Although she wasn't making the noises I was expecting she was obviously cumming on it. She continued to use the crop on my clit while she bounced up and down on the fuckstick. I was hoping she would finish soon as I was in agony, both from the pain and from the denial of pleasure. Finally she stopped and sat down fully impaled and just wiggled as her orgasm consumed her completely. She stopped hitting me then for which I was thankful. Once she recovered she rolled off the dildo and onto the floor next to me.

Breathlessly she said, "I know you want me to fuck you right now and you have earned it, but I'm too wiped out right now. Give me some time to recover."

"Just unhook my hands and give me the dildo and we will call it even," I told her.

"No, I have a better idea," she said her voice starting to find its way back.

I watched as she stood up and walked back to the bedroom. She returned with an egg dangling from her hand. I knew I was in for more teasing before she would let me cum. Turning the egg on low she slid it into my pussy.

"That will keep you on simmer while I rest for a while. Don't go anywhere."

I didn't give her the pleasure of hearing how pissed off I was at her at that moment. I'd done everything she wanted to get her where she just had an explosive orgasm and now she wanted me to wait. The egg was buzzing away in my pussy as she walked out of room and turned off the light. I was left bound naked in her living room being teased to count the minutes until she returned. It was pure torture as the egg was never going to get me off. It was just strong enough to keep my arousal on high and keep my brain thinking nasty thought. Cindy may have been resting, but I was not. Every nerve in my body was firing signals to my brain. I was desperate for attention, but like a good slave girl I had to hang on until she decided I could cum. I was going to get back at her somehow. But my revenge would have to wait.

Eventually I heard Cindy's shower turn on. I guess she had recovered enough to wash the remnants of her turn as my domme off her body. She returned to me wearing a white satin robe looking pure and innocent. Well as innocent as she could look with the bulge of strap-on I had been craving protruding out the front. She was stroking it like a guy proud of his appendage.

"I'm sure you're ready to fuck now Sandra," she said. "I've got lots more games we can play, but I want to take your edge off first so let's get this thing in you." 

She left the cuffs clipped as they were but rolled me onto my belly, pulled out the egg and then lifted my hips so she could take me doggie style. It was a fast and furious fuck. She wasn't being subtle and I didn't want her to be. She pounded me. That was the only way to describe it. She took me with a frenzied pace and I bucked back against her begging for more. It was a beautiful moment in stark contrast to the gentle lovemaking I had at Toni's house some 12 hours earlier. 

My orgasm was fast to build and hit me like a ton of bricks. The hours of punishment and teasing had left my body craving exactly what she was giving me and it responded. I felt dizzy again and the room went black. I woke up alone again, but this time the lights were on and my pussy was still full. Looking back I saw Cindy had unbuckled the straps, but left the strap-on in me. I had no idea how long I'd blacked out, but apparently it wasn't long. Cindy came back from the kitchen holding a glass of tea looking angelic in her robe, this time without the huge fake cock.

"Well that was fun," she said. I had to agree.

Cindy did have a few more games for us to play that night. Before she released my hands, but after releasing my ankles she had me eat her pussy while she sipped her tea. She then put a dildo with a suction cup base on the living room table and had me fuck it while she made a video for Master Jon. This time I could go at my pace and milked the experience for all it was worth. Finally she clipped a leash to my collar and had me crawl behind her to her bedroom where she stuck a big plug in my ass, hogtied me and told me to get some sleep. In the morning she replaced the plug with her strap-on and fucked my ass for about 15 minutes before letting me shower and go to work. All it all it was a good day and a great night, although I was worn out as I staggered into the office. I needed coffee and I needed to let my body rest. Of course, in my new life, I should have known that was not going to happen.

When I got to my desk there was an email from Jon. He said he heard all about last night and that he enjoyed watching the video Cindy shot. He didn't mention knowing about me sleeping with his wife. He said his business was going to delay him another day. He also commanded me to meet him at the airport. He told me to dress in a black suit like a limo driver and to make a sign to hold with his name on it. I knew exactly what the drivers looked like waiting by the baggage claim to find their fares. He told me not to wear underwear as he intended to have some fun on the drive home. 

I reread the email. He intended to play with me in the car on the way to his house. Why did I get the feeling he wanted his wife to see me in disheveled clothes so she would be jealous? I was starting to see a pattern emerge. I was sleeping with both of them but neither of them knew that. I was having an affair with both partners and they both thought their spouse was being faithful. This was too weird. I knew I couldn't tell either of them I was fucking their spouse, yet Mr. Hendrick seemed happy to put me in a situation where his wife might find out. I knew she had seen me fucking at their party, but she didn't realize it was under her husband's command. Now she would see me deliver him home and know I was not a limo driver. My head was spinning. Maybe he would just have me drop him at the end of the driveway or maybe he knew she would not be home when we arrived. 

I had to get a hold of myself and get some work done. Just as I closed the email, though, my phone rang. It was Hendrick's house which meant it was Toni on the other end of the line. This could not be good, I thought. I let the call go to voicemail. I just couldn't talk to her right then.

After the light on my phone started blinking indicating I had a message, I took a couple of deep breaths and picked up the receiver. Toni sounded chipper as ever telling me the wives club was having a lunch meeting and that I was invited. She told me to be at her place about noon. She said we would be out by the pool again so I should wear my own bikini. She didn't say it but I knew she meant wear my most revealing bikini. I also knew the "wives club" was a group of her neighborhood trophy wives who got together for the kind of sex their husbands couldn't provide. I admit this intrigued me as I was disappointed in how Toni and I hooked up. I was also attracted to the two club members I had met at her house. Certainly hooking up with them would be more satisfying that being with Toni had been.

I looked at my schedule and other than a client meeting at 9:30, I was clear. It was easy enough to hide my billing using the Hendrick account so I called Toni back and told her I would be happy to attend. I was already dripping by the time I dialed her number.

I stopped at home and grabbed my smallest bathing suit and a towel. It was a French cut bikini that left little to the imagination. I arrived at Toni's about 11:50. She gave me a big hug after she swung open the door. She was wearing the same bikini/sarong combo she had worn yesterday when she seduced me. She seemed disappointed that I wasn't already wearing my suit, although I could hardly have worn it while driving over, I mused. She told me she didn't want to be late. Her voice had a more authoritarian tone to it from what I remembered the day before. She told me to go change quickly and gave my butt a love tap as I walked past her. She didn't spank me hard at all, but I could feel her palm on my ass the entire way to the guest bedroom.
