 Sandra is a twenty-year-old young woman that has lived with her father for the past fifteen years. Her parents had divorced when she was five. Her mom went to live in Europe and only visited her three times. Being the only girl of a mechanic she grew up a tomboy. She is five foot six inches tall and one hundred fifteen pounds.

She generally wore the tightest sports bra she could over her B-cup chest. She never wore women's panties, because she thought they were too feminine, instead she would wear boxer-briefs. She then would place a plain t-shirt of any color on top and either a pair of jeans, if she were going to work, or bib overalls, when she was off. Also if she were going to work she would pull on her coveralls. Her job was a mechanic at her dad's garage. Her feet were always in a pair of steel-toed boots. She wore her black hair close to her head.

The only times she is naked is when she sleeps and showers. One day when she was seventeen her dad walked in on her to wake her for school and found her that way. She got pissed at him and to appease her he traded rooms with her. So now she is naked for about thirty minutes of her waking day between waking, showering and getting ready for bed.

Her days off from the garage were Mondays and Tuesdays. Every Monday she would go get groceries for the week and Tuesdays were for washing clothes. She never had any real friends except for the guys at the garage, who were more good acquaintances than friends.

One particular Monday she went about her day like every other Monday. Upon getting back home from the grocery store she noticed a U-haul parked in front of the house next door. She knew every one on the street, because she talked them all into taking their vehicles to her dad's garage. She told herself that after the groceries were put away she would go introduce herself, pitch the garage and offer to help with the moving in.

About half an hour later she exited her house and headed over. She walked to the back of the truck to see if anyone was there. Heading down the loading plank was a young woman. She was wearing a sports bra, a pair of short jogging shorts, and tennis shoes. Her long blonde hair was pulled into a ponytail and she had Oakley sunglasses covering her eyes. The ponytail reached the middle of Jill's back.

When she got to the ground Sandra saw that this woman stood about an inch or two taller her. The blonde was trim and fit. She had the classic hourglass body. When she smiled, as she did upon seeing Sandra, she showed white straight teeth. Even though the dark glasses hid her eyes, Sandra could tell that the smile showed in her eyes.

"Hi, I'm Sandra. I'm your new neighbor. I live over there with my dad," Sandra blurted pointing out her house. For some reason she felt mesmerized by this woman.

"Hi, I'm Jill. My sister and I are moving in here. Her name is Jac," responded the blonde as she reached out her right hand around the box. As Sandra shook Jill's hand she sniggered. "I know. Our parents had a bad sense of humor." Jill started to laugh.

"Why are you standing there laughing, Jilly Bean?" came a call from the front of the house. Coming down the drive was a young woman about the same height as Jill with the same complexion and hair color. Sandra could not be sure, but she thought the two of them were identical aside from superficial things such as hairstyle. Jac's hair was shoulder length and held back with a headband. She was wearing baggy knee-length shorts and a thin blue tank top over a sports bra that was already showing sweat marks. She too was wearing Oakley sunglasses and tennis shoes.

"I just introduced us to our neighbor here. Jac, this is Sandra," introduced Jill as she walked up to the truck.

"Hi, Jac," said Sandra, fighting the need to laugh. Jac and Jill laughed at what she said which caused her to finally break. They laughed for about ten seconds.

"Do you need any help with all this stuff?" asked Sandra, indicating the three-fourths full truck.

"It would be a help. But you may want to change into something a little lighter. I heard it's supposed to get into the hundreds today and I don't want you to have any problems, like heat stroke," replied Jill.

"This is all I ever wear," stated Sandra matter-of-factly.

"Still I wouldn't want a new friend to get herself hurt on the day we meet. I think there are some clothes in the house that would fit you. One question though, what size shoe do you wear?" said Jill with a smile. Jac had already grabbed the box out of Jill's hands and taken it into the house.

"I'm an eight and a half."

"So am I. What a coincidence. Grab something and we'll go in. That way Jac won't get ticked that we aren't working," said Jill in almost a whisper. Sandra nodded. She was of two minds: one was enthralled with the aura of this woman and the other was thinking this woman was crazy. The enthralled part was winning.

They climbed into the truck and each grabbed a box. Leaving the truck they walked up the driveway and into the house. This house had the same floor plan as her house, just mirrored. From the entrance there was a small foyer. To the left of the foyer was the living room and to the right was the hall to the bedrooms. They turned into the hall and headed to the back of the house and the master bedroom. They passed the other two bedrooms. The front one already had a bed leaning against the wall and the second had two desks against the back wall of the room. Jac was shifting boxes in the front room when they entered.

They entered the master bedroom and Jill set her box on top of the dresser already in the room then took Sandra's and did the same, then the sunglasses followed. Sandra wandered into the bathroom while Jill started digging in a drawer of the dresser. The bathroom was cramped with the three boxes in it. There was a pink shower curtain already hanging on the shower rod. Within short order Jill called, "Got it."

Sandra walked back into the bedroom to find Jill on the opposite side of the room from where she was when Sandra went into the bathroom. Jill had a pair of black shorts similar to the ones she wore and a pair of tennis shoes in her hands. In the shoes was a pair of ankle socks.

"How is it that you live in California and you don't own a pair of shorts?" Jill said tossing the shorts at Sandra, who caught them easily, then set them on the floor.

"Never did. My dad hasn't owned a pair of shorts in the last ten years. Or at least he hasn't worn a pair shorts that long. I know cause I've done the laundry that long," said Sandra. She sat down and started untying her boots. "How are you two able to purchase this house? Or do I have it wrong and you are just renting?" She tugged off both boots and quickly took off her socks stuffing them into the boots. She then set the boots next to the wall.

"We are the owners. Our parents are both real estate agents. For our twentieth birthday - I forgot to mention that Jac and I are identical twins. Generally people can see it, but with her new hairstyle it's hard to see in the sun - they asked us what we would like. We looked at each other then turned to them and said 'A house.' They agreed. The three of us, my parents and me - I'm a real estate agent, too - searched for more than a year. I was the one that found this house. Jac and I fell in love with it. Our parents got the ball rolling with the down payment and running escrow. Jac and I are to make the monthly payments. We've only had the house for a couple weeks and already we've paid three months worth of payments," Jill beamed. Sandra had popped the clasps on the overalls and let it hang while Jill was talking. She got nervous and the part of her that thought that Jill was crazy moved to the forefront. Jill stepped up to Sandra and calmly said, "I'm about to leave. I just want to make sure the shorts fit before I do. Besides it's not like you don't have anything I don't." She winked her right eye. Sandra was pulled into Jill's pools of hazel. The enthralled mind stepped forward again and Sandra's pants hit the floor. Her gray mid-length boxer-briefs were exposed to Jill.

"The shorts should fit perfectly, but you can't go walking around in those with these shorts on. They would be visible. We would love your help but I'm not going to be known as a person that either hurt those that help or caused a fashion faux pas. Those have to go," stated Jill like a lecturer. To demonstrate Jill maneuvered Sandra in front of the full length mirror that was on the back of the bedroom door, stepped behind and held the shorts at Sandra's waist. "Also why don't you lose the shirt, too. It will be cooler. That is if you are wearing something other than a lacy bra."

"I'm wearing a sports bra," said Sandra blushing deeply. "They're all I own."

"OK. Well I'll leave you to change. When I come back I'll bring some suntan lotion since you're so pale," said Jill calm and quiet. She left the room closing the door behind her.

Sandra took a deep breath and tried to figure out what was happening. She thought about how she normally acted then about how she was acting now. As she was reaching for her pants to put them back on she thought of Jill, about the way Jill moved gracefully, about the 'acres' of smooth tan skin she was showing and that made her happy.

Sandra had never really thought about her sexual preferences. She never went to bars or clubs and she only saw movies that had big names, like Pirates of the Caribbean. She went to these movies to see the action and to try and figure out how the engineers did their work in the movie.

She was drawn to both Jac and Jill, especially now that she knew they were identical twins, but Jill mostly because Jill is the one she has been interacting with mostly. She liked both of them because of how at ease they seemed. They were willing to have a complete stranger help them move in. But then 'A stranger is a friend you haven't met'.

With those thoughts being so strong she dropped her pants then her underwear. She looked at her self in the mirror and smiled. She took off her shirt then rubbed her flat stomach and grinned. She grabbed the bottom of the bra and almost pulled it up. She stopped when there was a knock on the door.

"Are you decent? Can I come in?" asked Jill through the door. Sandra froze for a second then panicked. She scrambled to put the shorts on. She pulled the shorts up and left maybe a half-inch between her skin and the shorts in the crotch. She did not want to get the shorts dirty with the liquid that came out of her.

"Yes you can," called Sandra huffing a little. Jill entered, with a bottle of lotion in her right hand, and stopped to look at Sandra. Jill and Sandra were standing at opposite sides of the room. Jill's lips pulled into a grin, which caused Sandra to grin too.

"You have a nice body. Why do you cover it?" asked Jill as she stepped closer.

"I have been raised by my father for the last fifteen years. When I started to learn a trade I followed in his footsteps. I work at my dad's garage. I never really got close to others. I never learned to be a girl," mumbled Sandra. She had ducked her head in shame.

"Don't be ashamed. It's not your fault that your dad didn't know how to raise a daughter. He raised you to be the best person you can be. Now that I'm here I'll teach you how to be feminine, if you want," consoled Jill stepping around Sandra to get the full picture. "You're going to be uncomfortable with the shorts hanging like that." She reached around Sandra, grabbed the waistband of the shorts and pulled them up tight to Sandra's body. "That's better." Sandra inhaled quickly at the sudden movement and sensation from that area. One thing Sandra did not miss was how Jill maneuvered her in front of the mirror again.

"Would you like help applying the suntan lotion?" asked Jill still behind her. Sandra did not trust her voice so she nodded.

Jill squirted some of the lotion into her hand. She rubbed her hands together then started with the back of Sandra's neck. She rubbed from her hairline downward. Jill's hands moved smoothly, over Sandra's pale skin, from her neck to upper back between the straps. After all the skin in that space was covered Jill slid her hands under the straps and out to Sandra's shoulders. Again Sandra inhaled in surprise.

"I don't want you to burn. I'm just making sure that you are covered in case the strap shifts," stated Jill as she continued on Sandra's shoulders and down the back of her arms. Her hands came back up onto Sandra's back and down the outside of the straps. At the top of the bra's back Jill slid her lotion-covered fingers under to the first knuckle. She did this from under one arm to under the other. All the while Sandra was trying to either not laugh or not squirm away.

Once the top of the bra was resettled, Jill started rubbing lotion into Sandra's lower back at the bottom of the strap. She pushed it up about half way while applying the lotion. "What size is this bra?" she asked when she saw the way the bra was digging into the skin.

"It's a 32 A."

"You're not an A-cup though are you?" asked Jill with a smirk.

"No, I'm a B-cup. This comes back to what we were discussing earlier. I was raised almost like a boy, except for that time of the month, so I try to hide my chest," whispered Sandra.

"That's OK. Maybe we'll go shopping soon. Get you some shorts and bras that fit," Jill said smiling. Sandra could hear the smile in her voice and smiled too. Jill's hands went back to work. The bra was fixed and her hands moved swiftly over the open expanse of Sandra's lower back. At the top of the shorts Jill's hand slipped under two knuckles deep then she changed her mind and pulled the shorts almost all the way down Sandra's ass. This caused Sandra to gasp in surprise.

Sandra was standing in front of the mirror on the back of the door. She saw that there was very little fabric covering her crotch from Jill's view, if Jill looked around Sandra's body. She watched as Jill spread the suntan lotion over the soft white globes of her ass.

Jill was focused on the soft globes herself. She was trying to see Sandra's anus while she rubbed and spread Sandra's cheeks. Twice she thought she saw it and smiled. She had made sure that her face did not show in the mirror while she did this.

Part of Sandra was rebelling against what was happening, but it was a very small part. Her sexual drive was roaring in her ears. Still watching herself she saw her hands have minds of their own and start to rub her flat stomach.

In another surprising move Jill pulled the shorts back up quickly. The surprise stopped Sandra's hands. Jill got more lotion and started to cover Sandra's legs from the top of the socks that Sandra had slipped on before Jill started with the lotion. She started with the right leg. Her fingers ran around the ankle just inside the sock then up over the calf. She worked up past the back of the knee, Sandra almost giggled from being tickled, and onto the thigh. Her hands moved slowly to make sure every inch of skin was cover and the lotion was put on smoothly. Eventually her hands reached the bottom of the shorts' leg. That did not stop her though. Her fingers slid up under the leg and onto the lower part of Sandra's ass, the only part that she had not been able to reach with the shorts down. Sandra gasped but was vaguely expecting it.

Jill slid her fingers over the barely covered skin from hip to inner thigh, almost touching Sandra's warming crotch. She could feel the temperature slowly increasing while she rubbed the skin. She slowly repeated everything on the left leg, but when she got to the inner thigh on the left leg she felt a very small amount of moisture. This brought an evil, lust filled grin to her lips.

When Jill had moved to her left leg Sandra's hands started their roaming over her stomach and the front of her shorts. As Jill got close to her crotch her right hand bumped into the bottom of her left breast. The hand grabbed the breast and squeezed softly. This elicited a soft moan from her which then brought another lust-filled grin to Jill's lips. Her hands started to squeeze her breasts and both nipples as Jill felt the juice.

Jill pulled away and stood glimpsing where Sandra's hands were. Gently, with her eyes on anything but the mirror, she asked, "Would you like me to do your front too?"

This caused Sandra to stop moving her hands and she nodded. Jill stepped around to Sandra's front to find a pair of cloth cover headlights staring at her. Jill once again filled her hand with lotion and started by applying it to Sandra's face. She moved from the hairline down. Swiftly and smoothly her hands moved down and onto Sandra's neck. Sandra had closed her eyes while Jill put the lotion on her face and just kept them closed. She smiled enjoying the feel of someone else touching her. She had never felt it before. The way Jill was touching her was making her horny, yet she did not know how to articulate her feelings.

Jill kept moving down and out. She slid over the front of Sandra's shoulders to stop at the bra straps. "Sandra? Can I move these," she pulled one of the straps gently, "off your shoulders until I'm done with them?"

Sandra opened her eyes and looked into Jill's. With a single nod, Jill pulled the taught fabric to the sides and down her arms until they were turned ninety degrees from the way they normally were. Jill then slowly rubbed the lotion in. She started with the neck again then moved out on top of the shoulders. She turned back onto the chest when she reached the ends of the shoulders. On the chest she moved down and along the top of the bra, then underneath until Sandra reached up and pulled it down, stopping just above the areola. She wanted to go father, but stopped because she did not want to scare Jill into thinking she was a harlot or something.

Jill took advantage of the move and spread the lotion over everything that was now exposed. She almost slipped a finger under the bra into the little hidden area, but did not want to scare this new, cute girl, that was probably a virgin. With a deep breath of reluctance Jill pulled the bra back up and onto Sandra's lovely, but pale body.

They exchanged a smile then Jill squatted down to do Sandra's stomach. She started between the navel and the breastbone. Her hands drifted up to the underside of Sandra's bra and breasts. As Jill's hands hit the bottom of the bra she looked into Sandra's eyes, asking if it would be alright to lift the bra.

Sandra was enjoying the feelings she was getting from all that was happening. She did not want it to stop and still did not trust her voice so with a nod she helped pull the bra up to just under the nipple. Jill started back where she stopped and went to the outside of each breast before gently moving onto them. She slowly rubbed the lotion onto the lower swell of each breast moving upward. She then gently blew on them to dry a small dot of sweat as she got close to the bra again.

Sandra had just closed her eyes again when Jill had started on her chest, but when Jill blew on her her eyes opened and she gasped in surprise. The gasp caused her chest to shake as it swelled then shrank rapidly. Jill's right hand had been near the nipple of Sandra's left breast when it happened. The slight pressure and the strong movement caused the bra to slide up to expose most of the erect nipple.

Jill smiled and blew again, this time onto the hard nub. She then pulled the bra back down to where it should be as she was done putting lotion on Sandra's breasts. Sandra gave a slight frown as Jill went back to her abs, it went unseen by Jill. The headlights were still on as Jill moved ever lower and Sandra was taking shallow breaths from her arousal.

Jill placed her hands on Sandra's stomach near where she had started when she went up. This time she slid them down. She neglected none of the exposed skin. When she got to Sandra's belly button she stuck her pinky in and tickled Sandra quickly. Sandra, who was still aroused, giggled like a little girl. Jill smiled because Sandra was finally starting to sound like a female.
