 Sandra woke up to find she hadn't moved much in the night. She felt refreshed and a little stiff from not moving and a little aroused. She rolled onto her back and looked down her body. Her nipples were standing proud and her stomach was rising and falling softly, just hiding her bald crotch. She wanted to try what she learned last night, but first glanced at the clock. It was nine fifteen and the twins were supposed to be there at nine thirty to take her shopping.

With a glum sigh she got off the bed. Her legs were still a little stiff, but she was able to move to the shower. The hot shower woke her up and reenergized her the rest of the way. After the shower she walked into her room and started tossing her entire wardrobe onto her bed in rejection. She wanted to impress the twins, her teachers in the ways of being a woman.

Right at nine thirty the doorbell rang and she was still in her birthday suit. "Crap, I don't know what to wear. Maybe they can help," she said to herself. She went to answer the door. On the way she noticed that her clothes were still on the floor where she'd left them and shoved them into an area the twins wouldn't see. That made her a little concerned about where her dad was during the night, but not overly much. She reasoned that he was an adult and could take care of himself.

She stayed behind the door as she opened it. Jac and Jill were standing there. Jac had braided her short hair along her head and Jill wore hers in pigtails that laid on her chest. They were both wearing mid-rift bearing baby t-shirts and loose skirts low on their hips with sandals on their feet. The skirts were low enough to show the light tan lines the twins had on their hips.

"Hi, Sandra. You ready?" asked Jill with a friendly smile.

"No," answered Sandra. "I don't know what to wear. Can you two help?"

"That sounds like a woman," teased Jac. "I didn't think you were a woman." She grinned and stepped through the door as Sandra opened it further. Jill followed her sister and they watched Sandra close the door.

"I'm learning to be a woman," stated Sandra. "Follow me."

"I'll follow that ass anywhere," whispered Jac to her sister as they followed the brunette. In the master bedroom the twins surveyed the very limited wardrobe. After a moment, she said, bluntly, "Sandra, baby, you're very bland."

The shorter girl ducked her head in embarrassment and said, "I know."

"Are these your only underwear?" asked Jill, lifting the men's boxer briefs by the pillows. Sandra nodded. "Damn, I didn't think you were that bad off." She looked at her new friend, who was now blushing and not knowing what to do. At that sight she felt ashamed at what she just said. She rounded the end of the bed and pulled Sandra to her.

She hugged the brunette for a couple reasons. One was to show she was sorry and another was to feel that soft skin again. As she hugged Sandra, she thought about how close she was to eating her the day before in a room very similar to the one the three of them were in. As she thought about that her nipples got hard and she started to get wet.

Sandra liked the hug too, especially since she was the only one naked. Her body reacted to the feelings, just as Jill's body did, and she welcomed the sensations. She had a silent hope that one of two things would happen, maybe even both. One was for Jac to hug her from behind, creating a Sandra sandwich, and the other was for Jill to at the least pull her top off and hug her that way.

At that thought she gently separated herself from the pigtailed girl. Her stomach decided to growl then too. She wrapped her arms over her tummy as all three laughed.

"Apparently, I'm hungry," she said. "Mind if I grab some cereal. I've only been up for twenty minutes now." She had checked the clock as she figured how long she'd been up.

"No, no problem here," said Jill, smiling. She looked to her sister and got a nod that indicated she was in agreement.

"Cereal's bland," said Jac. "I'll make you some eggs if you'd like."

"I can cook eggs," said the naked girl. "I was just trying to make my breakfast quick with cereal."

"No need to make it quick," smiled Jac. "Eggs are in the fridge?"

"Yeah," came the confused answer. Her voice followed the short-haired blonde out of the room. "What should I wear?" She looked at the twin still with her.

"Why don't we go sit at the dining room table, while we wait? Dressing you can wait a little. The mall's open all day," answered the taller woman. Jill took Sandra's hand and led her out of the room and straight to the dining table, bypassing the kitchen altogether. The woman of the house was placed at the head of the table. Then the blonde left the room, going into the kitchen, where Sandra heard some banging and other noises.

She was about to get up when Jill stuck her head into the room again and said, "Don't worry about the kitchen, we'll clean it up before we leave." She smiled and disappeared again. Sandra started to worry because of the noise and again started to get up. "Don't get up. We're almost finished," called one of the twins. She sat back again with a huff, not knowing whether she should see what they were doing or trust them and stay where she was.

The decision was taken out of her hands as the twins entered the room carrying three plates, utensils, napkins, and three glasses of milk. The girls put there burdens down neatly, one plate, one glass, one napkin and the utensils, in three places. One set in front of their hostess and one set to each side of her.

All three plates held scrambled eggs, toast, some fruit and bacon. They all smelled wonderful to the brunette. Her eyes were wide with the amount of food. Her mouth was stretched into a grin and she was almost drooling at the sight of the plate her friends made for her in her own home.

She picked up her fork and was about to dig in, but stopped and looked up at her friends and guests. "Thank you," she said with as much gratitude as possible, which in this case was considerable.

"You are very welcome," said Jac, while Jill said, "We should be thanking you."

"Sandra, do you mind if we get a little more comfortable?" continued Jill.

"How so?" Sandra's fork was still hovering over the plate. "Actually, never mind the question. Go ahead." She put her fork into the eggs and lifted it to her mouth. She was having a little trouble since she was looking at Jill still. After a couple misses, and pokes in the chin, she looked down, put the fork in her mouth and started eating.

After the first forkful, she was focused on her plate, until she heard Jac say, "Thank you." This caused her to look up to find the twins had stripped their tops off at the least. The table blocked her view of their lower bodies, but with a little leaning she was able to find that the twins were once again fully nude with her. She smiled and started to get excited again. The thought of food had overridden her momentary excitement from Jill's hug earlier.

The twins were proudly showing that they were excited too. Their nipples were standing out proudly and they were looking a little flushed.

"What's planned for the day?" asked the hostess, trying to be nonchalant.

"Definitely some shopping today, but why should we hurry? We have all day to go to the mall," said Jac with a grin. Her sister shrugged in answer and looked at Sandra. The tomboy shrugged because she didn't care what happened as long as it was good.

"Hurry up and finish your food," said Sandra, not wanting her food to go to waste, "then we can hang out and watch TV or something." She smiled and shrugged, not knowing what else to do. The three of them ate in silence so they could finish faster.

"Sandra, honey, stay right there. We'll take care of the plates," said Jill after they were done. She grabbed Sandra's and her plates and stood up. Her sister grabbed her own plate and all three glasses, and stood too. Sandra had figured that they both had gotten naked, but couldn't truly confirm it until that moment. The sisters left the room. A moment later the brunette heard banging, which scared her and was about to get up to investigate. Jill poked her head in again and said, "Everything's ok." 

"We'll be back in, in a moment," called Jac, followed by a bang of a plate. The bang made Sandra cringe and move to get up. She was stopped by the twins coming back in. Jill was carrying a small black bag and her sister was carrying a large bundle of cloth.

"Where'd the cloth come from?" asked Sandra, slightly confused.

"I left the house when Jill came into the kitchen to help cook," answered Jac. "I ran home and grabbed a few of our older sheets and a few other things, while my sister cooked." A lustful smile lit both faces.

"Why did you go get sheets?" asked Sandra now thoroughly confused.

"To protect the table," said both twins matter-of-factly.

"From what?"

"Liquid stains," said Jac with a small secretive smile.

"What do you mean? What's going on?" Anger was starting to override the confusion.

"We were hoping to get to know you a little better," answered the long-haired blonde, taking her seat.

"What does that mean?" The words came out snappish.

"We're all horny, you more than us. So we figured we would put on a show where each of us masturbates for the others on this table," said Jac, softly. She laid her burden on the end of the table and looked at Sandra. "I even brought over a couple helpers if you want."

"Helpers?" said Sandra in alarm. "What do you mean helpers? I don't want anyone, but us in my house."

"She means these," soothed Jill. She pulled two sex toys, a light pink dildo and a purple vibrator from the bag. Sandra took a look and relaxed.

"Who's going first?" asked the hostess after they laid out the sheets.

"It was my idea so I thought I would go first," said Jac. She was smiling as she turned away from the table and placed her butt on the edge.

Before she lifted herself farther, her sister spoke up, "It is Sandra's house though."

"True." They looked at Sandra. "Would you rather go first?"

"I...I don't know," mumbled the horny brunette. "I've only masturbated once in my life."

"We know, honey. We were there," reassured Jill. Her sister was smiling reassuringly too. "That's part of the reason for this. Jac and I saw that you were really amped when we got here an hour ago."

"But I don't know if I can do it while being put on display," whined Sandra. The twins exchanged a look and Jac started to fold the sheets up, not looking at the brunette. "Wait. What are you doing?" asked Sandra as she watched.

"We're cleaning up so we can hang out without thinking of sex," answered Jill grabbing the toys to put them back in the bag. Unseen by Sandra, the twins were smiling. They knew what was coming.

Sandra yelled, "Stop!" The twins stopped and looked at her. "I'll do it," she continued a little hesitantly, but with conviction. The twins smiled and put everything back to the way it was prior to this.

"I want to go first," whispered Sandra after the sheets were back in place. The twins nodded and gave reassuring smiles. The shorter girl stepped up on the nearest chair, then onto the table. She raised her arms to touch the ceiling and smiled. "I've never touched the ceiling before," she said off hand. With a deep breath she lowered herself onto her backside, keeping her legs closed.

She licked her lips because of nerves, then brought a finger to her lips and licked it. This finger traced a line from her lips to her chest and her right breast. She licked it again then placed the damp digit on her stiffening nipple. She gave a soft moan and smiled. The finger pressed down and around on her nipple, making the nub ever stiffer and causing her to moan again. She repeated the process with her left nipple before laying back, allowing her legs to fall apart and grasping both breasts and kneading them. Her hands were pinching her nipples and squeezing her tits with vigor. All the while small moans and grunts were issuing from her throat.

Soon touching her chest wasn't enough. As she realized this, her hands let go of her well massaged tits to slide over her heaving stomach to play on her mound. Her fingers traced light lines on her skin that was making her jump in anticipation. Her index fingers on both hands were the first fingers to touch the sensitive lips that she wanted to feel since she woke. She squealed and shook. Her left hand slowly slid down between her legs as her right slowly stroked over the top of her pussy. The more she did the more naughty her mind was getting.

The stroking hand was gently rubbing around the hard nub of her clit. She was enjoying the feeling of sexual lightening striking her brain. Her left hand was teasing the sensitive lips open and after a couple minutes she slipped a finger into her dripping pussy and stopped moving. This caused her to moan loudly. 

In short order she found the rhythm like she had the night before and was slowly ramping herself up. As she sped up in her finger fucking, her moaning was getting a little louder and hoarser.

The twins watched in amazement and lust. Both were sitting on their hands, so they wouldn't start playing with themselves until they got on the table. Both their faces were close together and a little nearer to Sandra's crotch than she would've wanted prior to starting her show, but now she didn't care and didn't know since her eyes were closed.

"Sandra, honey, would you like a little help?" whispered Jill as they sat back. The masturbating girl froze in fear, then opened her eyes as she remembered her audience. The fear of getting caught pulled her away from the edge, as Jill planned.

Sandra eyed the toys warily and asked, "How so?"

"With these." Jill pointed at the toys and smiled. "They make this more fun."

"But I've never used them before. How do I use them?" Sandra hands had stopped when Jill had spoken, but her hands were now moving slowly giving Sandra good feelings.

"We can help you use them, if you'd like," suggested Jac, trying to sound as casual as possible. The hostess looked at her guests for a long moment, then nodded.

"Please help. Show me how to use the 'help'," she whispered.

Jill grabbed the dildo and Sandra's left hand, deliberately touching the skin under the hand. Sandra jumped in surprise, sexually and just because it was unexpected. The blonde placed the pink dildo into the slightly damp hand and guided the toy to the open crotch.

She knocked the other hand away as she pushed the phallus along the entire slit and slid it up and down. Sandra's gasp of unexpected pleasure then the groan of wanting made the twins grin to each other. The two hands, Sandra's and Jill's, slid the fake dick up and down Sandra's pussy a few times. After that Jill guided Sandra's grip to bring the head against her opening and gently pushed. The fake dick slid softly into Sandra's wanting pussy. Her mouth opened in a deep guttural groan of ecstasy. In tandem the two of them pushed it as deep as they could before pulling to the very edge before plunging it in again. All the while the brunette was groaning her way to orgasm, which was coming on very fast now.

Jac had waited until the second plunge before touching Sandra's hard nipples with the vibrator. She turned it on after she had pushed the hard pink nub. The unexpected touch then the buzzing almost sent Sandra over the edge, but somehow she held on. Her eyes did fly open for a second in surprise, but fell closed again as she started to get lost in the sensations. Jac moved the vibrator to the other nipple and elicited a deep moan from Sandra, who again got close to cumming. This miffed Jac slightly, since she wanted to get Sandra off very much. She moved the toy again, this time to Sandra's clit. Only a second after touching the most sensitive place on a woman, Sandra let loose her orgasm to an ear splitting scream and a lot of jittering and jumping. She sprayed again, all around the pink dildo, both hers and Jill's hands and all over Jill.

Jill started giggling as she licked her hands, which were both wiping the girl cum off her body. Jac had frozen in surprise until the spray dissipated, then she looked down at the girls face. Sandra was smiling and looked like she was about to fall asleep, something that the twins agreed couldn't happen. On instinct Jac bent over and kissed Sandra.

This definitely woke Sandra up. Her eyes snapped open and for half a second she pulled away. That was her surprise, then her logic kicked in to tell her this was inevitable. She had been falling for the twins since she met them yesterday. They were the first people she was naked in front of except her parents when she was small. They acted very friendly and she was very much in need of a friend or two.

With her logic working, her right arm, the one not holding the dildo still, came up and pulled Jac's face to hers as she pressed into the kiss. A moment later, she felt Jac's tongue slide over her lips. She parted them to allow her access, which Jac took gentle advantage of.

Jill, who had been paying attention to her own cum covered body, looked up to see the two of them kissing and smiled. She knew that Sandra was special. She had fallen in love at first sight with the tomboy when Sandra had come over to help the twins move in. Her sister took longer, but she too fell for the brunette.

As gently as possible, Jill pulled the dildo out of the girl's pussy, causing a moan into Jac's mouth as it exited. She licked the head twice before setting the phallus off to the side with the deactivated vibrator. She didn't want to disrupt the lovers' kiss, but she wanted to kiss Sandra too. So she leaned forward and kissed Sandra's lower lips. She kissed Sandra's pussy as if it was a mouth, by French kissing it.

Jill's kiss caused Sandra to break the kiss with Jac in surprise. She looked down her body to see the blonde head between her legs and smiled. Of the two, she had wanted Jill to be the one to kiss her there first. Jac had taken the separation in stride and took a nipple into her mouth, obscuring Jill somewhat. Having two mouths on her was ramping Sandra up again, especially the one on her pussy.

She wanted to do something for both, but couldn't think of anything. She couldn't reach Jill, but Jac was right there on her left side. She reached up and pulled Jac to be in line with her, so she was right under Jac. This put Jac's chest right over Sandra's face. The brunette took the nipple of one of the heavy tits into her mouth.

She grazed her teeth over it, bit down and flicked her tongue over it. All made Jac emit different sounds. An "oooh" went with the graze, an "ahh" with the bite and an "uhh" with her tongue. All these sounds caused her own tits to vibrate as Jac kept switching between them while her sister continued to lick Sandra's juices up.

Sandra's hands were not idle during this. One had entwined itself in Jill's hair and the other explored Jac's body. The one on Jac grazed the tit that was not being taken care of with the prone girl's mouth then stroked her back all the way to the blonde's ass. This she squeezed and slapped once before sliding to the girls front. There she felt the thick haired landing strip, which she played in for a couple seconds before moving the hand onto the true object of what she wanted to feel. Her hand found the engorged lips of Jac's sex and started to touch and do things to it like she liked with her own, even though she had only masturbated twice in her life.

Jac responded happily, with more moans into Sandra's chest. Jac was also gently biting Sandra's nipples and pulling them. Sandra tried to mimic the move, but was stymied by the table under her head.

Jill had taken the vibrator and slipped it easily into her own juicy pussy. While eating Sandra, she was bobbing up and down on the purple toy, using the chair she was sitting in to hold the thing inside her. Her breathing was getting faster as she glanced up to see the brunette place a hand in her sister's crotch. That's also the time that Sandra's hand entwined in her hair, destroying the pigtail on her right side. Jill's tongue was traveling around the sweet, young pussy in front of her, and she was enjoying it. Her right hand was massaging her own clit while her left was helping her tongue tease Sandra's pink slit.
