 Sangitta arrived at the appointed spot at about half past ten. It gave her half an hour to wait. She looked around and found a suitable spot where she could keep an eye out to see if Julie arrived on time. She had checked the bus times and knew that if Julie was not here yet then she was going to be late and that made Sangitta smile. She would get to see that pearly white arse over her knee and she would get to spank it.

She stood and smoked a couple of cigarettes and then she got bored so she decided to send some texts. She texted a few friends just to find out what they were up to then she had a wicked thought. She decided to text Anne and find out what she was up to.

She found Sluttty Mum on her phone and sent the first text.

"What are you up to?"

I am just sat here having a coffee and cigarette." Came the reply.

"Have you got any knickers on?" 

"Yes I have my husband came in whilst I was getting dressed and I did not have the chance to put my jeans on without putting on a pair of knickers."

"I am disappointed in you Anne."

"I am sorry Sangitta."

"You can stop calling me Sangitta. From now on you will call me Mistress."

"Yes Sangitta - I mean Mistress."

"You do know that you will have to be punished for disobeying me?"

"Yes Mistress. I thought as much."

"Can you go the bathroom and take your knickers off now and masturbate for me?"

There was a pause of a couple of minutes before the next text came through.

"Yes Mistress. My husband has just gone to work for a couple of hours."

"Good then go and do it and let me know when you have finished."

"Yes Mistress."

Sangitta closed her phone for the moment and looked at the appointed spot. Julie had still not arrived and it was five to eleven. She counted down the minutes and eleven o'clock came and passed and Julie had not arrived. She smiled to herself. She knew that she had been right and that the punishment would be dealt out.

Eventually at a quarter past eleven Julie finally arrived. She looked red in the face and she was puffing heavily. She had obviously run from the bus stop to get there but knew that she was late. She tried to recover by lighting a cigarette and inhaling deeply.

Julie made her wait. She wanted to hear back from Anne first. Suddenly her phone beeped. Sangitta took it out of her bag and flicked it open.

"OMG." It said.

"I take you have just enjoyed a rather nice orgasm Slutty Mum?"

"Yes Mistress I did not realised how turned on I was."

"I am glad to hear that."

"Will you still make me do it all day on the hour Mistress?"

"Of course and I want to hear all about it. Next time I want you to describe what you are thinking about when you masturbate."

"Yes Mistress."

"Right I have to go I have your daughter to deal with."

A jealous smiley came through.

"I am glad that you are jealous. Now remember on the hour every hour. I want graphic detail of how you masturbate and what you are thinking of.

"Yes Mistress." 

"If I do not get in touch it will be because I am busy but I will get in touch when I am free and that will probably be once I have finished with Julie.

"Yes Mistress."

She ended the messaging and crossed the road to meet Julie.

"You were late." Sangitta said.

"You were late as well." Said Julie.

"No I wasn't. I have been stood over there watching the appointed spot and I have been keeping an eye on this spot. I have been here since half past ten and I knew that I had got the last bus that would get you here for eleven o'clock so I was confident that you would be late. So we shall deal with that later. Have you been to the bank yet?"

"No Mistress I have not."

"Well let's go then." Said Sangitta.

She took Julie by the hand and headed off towards the bank. She was not going to be that mean and let Julie buy everything but she wanted Julie to feel that she owed Sangitta something for taking her on. They both withdrew money out of the bank and then they hit the shops.

For the first couple of hours they just perused what was on offer and then they decided to stop for lunch. They found a quiet little Bistro and ordered a table for two. They were shown to a nice quiet booth away from the main crowd of people and took their seats.

They took hold of the menus and looked at what was on offer. When the waiter returned they placed their order and also requested a bottle of wine to go with the food. As they waited for the food to arrive the wine came and two glasses were poured. They clinked glasses and said.

"Cheers."

As they drank and waited for the food to arrive Sangitta asked Julie what she would look good In both under her clothes and on top. Julie made some suggestions but said that she would show her when they hit the shops again.

Eventually the food arrived and as they ate they just generally chatted about this and that and soon the food was finished. They drained the bottle of wine and then they paid the bill and hit the shops again. This time they started buying things.

Julie gave advice to Sangitta.

"If you are going to be a Mistress and by the way I think that you will make an excellent Mistress then you have to change your style. You need to dress more severe so that your role is established."

Sangitta listened and let Julie choose what clothes she should wear. They bought several tight pencil skirts that came just below the knee and made her look very professional. They were in black and red and Sangitta particularly liked the red ones.

They hit the blouse section of the shops and Julie said that she should get her blouses in a size smaller than what she was used to wearing as they would enhance her 36D breasts more and also give an image of sexuality and the air of confidence about her sexuality. Once they had chosen the clothes they went to the changing room to try them on.

Once they were in there Sangitta turned to Sangitta and said.

"Strip for me Julie."

"We are in the middle of a busy store and you want me to strip?" Asked Julie.

"That's what I said wasn't it?" Said Sangitta. 

Julie heard that tone of voice again and knew that Sangitta was being serious and that she should be doing what she was being told to do. She was already in trouble for being late and she didn't fancy any more punishment for today. She decided to ask a question.

"May I ask you a question Mistress?"

"You may." Said Sangitta.

"Is this my punishment for being late Mistress?"

"No Julie it is not. This is for my pleasure only. I want to see that naked body of yours." Sangitta replied.

"I understand." Said Julie.

"I am glad that you understand. " Said Sangitta.

"You should consider it a privilege." Said Sangitta.

"I have to say that you do have a good looking body Julie and when we get home when your father is not around you will walk around naked."

"What about my mother?"

"Do not worry about your mother" Sangitta said.

Julie did not ask any more questions. She stepped back and began to undress. She hurried to do it but Sangitta told her to calm down.

"We have all day to do things." She said.

"Yes Mistress." Said Julie.

Layer by layer she removed what she was wearing until she was naked in front of Sangitta.

"Very nice." Said Sangitta.

"Now step forward."

"Yes Mistress."

Julie stepped forward and was immediately greeted by the feel of Sangitta's hands on her breasts. She closed her eyes as Sangitta massaged the flesh of her breasts and longed that she would kiss her nipples. Sangitta knew what she really wanted. She thought to herself.

"Julie had been a good girl with the choosing of her clothes. Perhaps i should reward her".

"Step closer Julie." She commanded.

Julie took another couple of steps forward until she was level with Sangitta. She watched as Sangitta sat down on the bench in the cubicle and now she was level with Julie's breasts. She took one in her hand and began to kiss it.

Julie had to stop herself from falling she was that aroused. She could not believe that Sangitta was doing this to her in public where anyone could pop their head in and it was making her very horny. She so needed to touch herself.

She need not have worried. Sangitta stopped kissing her nipple and moved her hand down between the legs of Julie. She felt how wet Julie was and she knew that it would not take long to make her cumm. She inserted a finger into Julie and began to slide it in and out of her pussy.

Julie was in ecstasy. It was finally happening. All that she had dreamed about was becoming a reality. She was finally getting sexually touched by another woman and she was loving it and she had forgotten that she was in the shop.

In and out went Sangitta's finger and Julie could feel the orgasm build within her. She was completely lost in what Sangitta was doing to her that when she began to cumm she began to scream out and the whole shop could hear what was happening in the cubicle. No-on seemed to care. It happened all the time amongst the girls.

Julie collapsed to the floor and Sangitta smiled down at her. She had just given a girl her first orgasm and it had been a good one. All that she had been taught by Indira had worked and now she knew that she had Julie committed to her.

She let Julie sit on the floor and then she stripped off and started trying on the clothes that they had chosen. She liked what Julie had chosen for her and she was impressed about the buying of the blouses a size too small. They really did show off her breasts to their best. They were impressive assets to have. She decided to buy all the clothes.

She took them off and got dressed again. She then turned to Julie and said.

"You better get dressed again. We have to go and shop for some lingerie now."

Julie managed to get to her feet and get dressed and she picked up the clothes that they were going to purchase. They went to the counter and paid for the goods. As they went to leave the shop they were stopped by an elderly lady.

She looked at the two of them and then she said to Sangitta and said.

"Can I have a word with you?"

"Of course you can." Said Sangitta.

"I take it that you are the dominant one of this relationship." She said.

"Well my name is Babs. I am married but I am a closet lesbian and I would like to spend some time with you."

"How old are you?"

"I am 63." Babs replied.

"Do you have a mobile phone and laptop?" Sangitta asked.

"Yes I do."

"Do you know how to use them properly? Like how to use Skype and send pictures on your phone."

"Yes I do." Said Babs.

"Good. Sangitta said.

She reached into her bag and took out a pen and paper. She wrote down her mobile phone number and e-mail address and Skype handle.

"I want a picture of your pussy and breasts sent to my mobile phone. I want a detailed e-mail sent to me telling me why I should take you on and I want you to be ready to Skype and masturbate for me whenever I ask. Can you do that?

"Yes I can do that." Said Babs.

"Good I shall look forward to that."

She gave Babs a kiss on the cheek and then she re-joined Julie.

"Just a family friend." Sangitta said and took Julie by the hand and left the shop.

They walked down the high street arm in arm and went through all the lingerie shops and bought some complete new outfits for Sangitta. Shattered they took their purchases and headed home to Sangitta's home.