 The girls managed to get home laden down with the bags. When they got out of the taxi Sangitta made Julie carry all the bags into the house and take them up to her bedroom then she told her to go downstairs and wait for her to come down.

Julie did as she was told. She had become very obedient and Sangitta liked that. It showed that she had respect for her and she would make a good little girlfriend. Once she was alone Sangitta took out her phone and sent a text to Slutty Mum.

"Did you take your knickers off?"

"Yes."

"Prove it take a picture this minute."

"My husband is sat in the front room."

"I do not give a fuck show me or else!!!"

"Yes Mistress."

Sangitta waited and there appeared a picture of a naked pussy and bare legs and then a second photo came through showing a pair of jeans with no knickers. Sangitta felt herself get wet and wanted to play with herself but she needed to stay in control of the situation for the moment.

"That is very good. You have a lovely pussy I cannot wait to lick it."

"Don't please you are getting me all aroused."

"Touch yourself."

"What about my husband he might catch me?"

"Stop whining and touch yourself."

"Yes Mistress."

"I am touching myself now. God I am so wet."

"Good because when I next meet you I am going to make you even wetter."

"So tell me have you been masturbating hourly."

"Almost Mistress."

"What do you mean almost? How many times have you missed?"

"I have missed two hours Mistress."

"Then you will be punished. Now get fucking dressed you have disappointed me. You will not touch yourself for the next twenty four hours and if your husband wants sex you will not let him. Do you understand?"

"Yes Mistress."

"Finally before I go I want you to watch one of your porn films tonight and get yourself and your husband aroused and then tell him no when he wants to have sex with you. Can you do that?"

"I do not know."

"You will do it or face the consequences. I am going down now to take my disappointment out on your daughter."

Sangitta flipped the phone closed and ignored it when it beeped again. She expected to be obeyed and she had been let down and she would exact her revenge at a later date. 

She went to the bags of clothes and had a look at what Julie had bought for her. She knew about the skirts and blouses she was more interested in the lingerie that had been bought for her. She had just given Julie her measurements and allowed her to choose what she wanted for her. She found the bag with the lingerie in it and tipped it onto the bed.

The bed was covered in red, black and purple lingerie. There were knickers, bras, and nighties and stockings. Sangitta ran her hand over the lingerie and felt how soft it was. It was all satin and lace. She picked up a pair of knickers and found that they had no crotch to them. She found the matching bra and found that it had holes for her nipples.

She decided to put them on. She shouted downstairs.

"Julie come up here now."

She sat on the bed and waited for Julie to make it upstairs. It took her less than a minute to get there.

"Undress me." Sangitta commanded.

"Yes Mistress." Julie meekly replied.

She thought she had been called upstairs for some sex but she was just to act like a maid for Sangitta. Not that she would object at that because she would get to see Sangitta's body properly for the first time and that gave her a thrill.

She took a step forward and began to undress Sangitta. She asked Sangitta to put her hands into the air. Sangitta did as she was asked and Julie pulled the floral dress that she had on over her head and dropped it to the floor.

Julie stood and just looked at Sangitta's breasts for a moment and Sangitta allowed her to and then she brought her back to reality.

"Julie the rest please." She intoned.

"Yes Mistress. Sorry Mistress."

She reached for the tights that Sangitta had on and pulled them down and at the same time her knickers came down at the same time exposing her pussy to Julie for the only the second time but this time she was in lust with it and she needed to taste it.

Sangitta sat on the bed and let Julie take her tights and knickers off completely. Julie was on her knees in front of her. Sangitta decided to tease her whilst she was down there and spread her legs so that Julie got a good look at her pussy. She used her fingers to open her pussy so that when Julie looked up she saw the pinkness of Sangitta's pussy .She immediately began to wet her pants.

Sangitta played with Julie. She began to finger her pussy and when she was nice and wet she took out her finger and licked it clean. Julie was beside herself with lust and she reached out to touch Sangitta and got a slap on the hand.

"I never said you could touch."

"Bend over." She commanded.

"Yes Mistress." Said Julie.

Sangitta noted the obedience in Julie's voice and then watched as she bent over. Sangitta looked around her bedroom for a suitable implement to punish her with. Then she remembered the mirror that she had. She located it on the floor of her bedroom and brought it back to Julie. 

She showed Julie what she was about to be punished with this and Julie just said.

"Thank you Mistress. I deserve it."

Sangitta stepped behind Julie and lifted up the skirt that she was wearing. She had tights and knickers on and she decided that they should come down too. She pulled them down Julie's knees so that she was constrained and could not get away without falling over.

"God she has got a sexy arse." Sangitta thought.

This was going to be her first administering of a punishment to another person and she was not quite sure what to do but she had to take the frustrations of Julie's mother out on someone and poor Julie just happened to be there.

She decided in her mind what she was going to do. She stroked Julie's arse for a minute and felt Julie quiver with excitement. 

Whack, Whack, Whack, Whack, Whack and Whack.

She could hear Julie crying and she wanted to comfort her but she needed to be firm for the moment there would be plenty of time for tenderness later. 

"Stand up Julie and finish undressing me." Sangitta said.

Julie pulled her tights and knickers back up and lowered her dress and went back to dealing with Sangitta. She was stood there with just her bra on. Julie walked behind her and unclipped the bra and then she pulled it off.

Sangitta now stood naked in front of her. Julie so wanted to touch her she was aching inside and that was going to be a massive masturbation session tonight. 

"Now then what are your plans for tonight Julie?"

"I have nothing planned." She said. 

"Good. We are going out. I have been doing some research and there is a good lesbian bar in town that I would like to try out and you are coming as my bitch. So you better dress to impress. Do you understand?" Said Sangitta.

"Yes Mistress." Replied Julie.

"Right well you better go home and get ready. I will pick you up at eight o'clock."

Julie knew when she had been dismissed and she left Sangitta's house and hurried home. She had about an hour and a half to get ready. She ran all the way home and upstairs and started the bath running. When it was run she stripped off her clothes and jumped in. She knew that she did not have too much time but she had to masturbate after the beating she had received.

She quickly touched herself and then she moved to her breasts and touched them until her nipples became erect. She pinched them and pulled until she could stand the pain no more and the tears were running down her face but she was very wet between her legs.

She ran her hands down to her pussy and began to touch herself. She was so wet. She had never been this wet before and she knew that it would not take long for her to cumm. She inserted a finger into herself and began to finger her pussy. 

In and out she moved her finger but that was not working so she went for her clit instead. She began to rub at that furiously and soon she felt her orgasm begin to build inside of her. She knew that it was going to be a big one but she had to try and be quiet because her parents were downstairs.

Suddenly it just exploded out of her and she had to bite her lip so hard to stop herself from screaming. She was splashing around the bath because her legs were in spasm and she was way over the top with sexual desire for Sangitta.

Julie stepped out of the bath once she had calmed down and towelled herself dry and walked naked out of the bathroom just as her mother was coming up the stairs. She quickly went to her bedroom and closed the door. She knew that her mother would smell her orgasm.

She opened her drawers and looked for something suitable to wear tonight. She pulled out some black frilly knickers and a matching frilly bra. She put them on and then she went to the wardrobe and chose a black dress. She pulled that on and looked at herself in the mirror. She applied some dark make-up and styled her hair and was happy with how she looked. She completed the look with some patent leather high heel boots.

She checked her watch and saw that it was five to eight. She ran downstairs grabbed her purse and stood on the doorstep waiting for the taxi to arrive. Sangitta had already parked up and was pleased to see that Julie had learnt her lesson and was in fact early. She opened the door to the back of the cab and Julie climbed in.

Sangitta gave the directions to the taxi driver and then she turned to Julie and said.

"Right I am going to check you out."

"Unzip your boots I want to check the smoothness of your legs and your pussy." Said Sangitta.

Julie knew then that she would be in trouble. She had not shaved her legs and her pussy had not been waxed for a couple of days. When Sangitta checked her out she was not impressed.

"You are a disgrace. You have stubble on both your legs and your pussy. I am so going to be embarrassed to take you with me. You will be dealt with later." 

"Yes Mistress." Said Julie.

The taxi pulled up outside a seedy looking bar and Julie was suddenly afraid. She had not realised what sort of world she had opened up to Sangitta and she was beginning to regret her initial reaction but she loved her so much.

They left the taxi and Julie paid the entrance into the club and they entered. It was dark and dingy and Julie found it difficult to adjust to the dim lights. When she did all she saw was women. Some were quite obviously couples and some were single and on the prowl. Julie linked arms with Sangitta and asked her not to let go of her.

"Do not worry Baby Girl your Mistress will look after you."

They went to the bar and Sangitta ordered two large glasses of white wine and made Julie pay for them. At this rate she would have no money left. They took their drinks and found a table to sit at. As they sipped on their drinks Julie began to relax and actually began to feel that this was where she belonged.

After a couple more drinks they got up and had a dance and it was a slow number. Sangitta actually cuddled her and made it obvious to everyone that Julie belonged to her but that still did not stop the predatory looks from the single women. At one point Julie wanted to go to the toilet. She turned to Sangitta and said.

"I need a piss." 

"Well go and have one." Sangitta retorted.

"I do not want to go on my own" Whined Julie.

"Oh for fucks sake I am not going to the toilet just to hold your hand. If you need to go that badly you will either go on the floor or go to the toilet the choice is yours." Sangitta said angrily.

Reluctantly Julie got up and made her way to the toilet. She found an empty cubicle and pulled her knickers down and began to have a piss. Meanwhile Sangitta had hatched a plan. She summoned one of the single girls over and said to her.

"You looking for some action?"

"Yeah I am." Said the older woman.

"There is a young girl in the toilet right now who has never had her pussy licked and she is not yet worthy of having mine yet but you can have a go if you want?"

"Sure -- thanks." Said the older woman.

Sangitta laughed to herself and wondered what Julie would think of her little present to her. 

The older woman walked into the toilet just as Julie was washing her hands. She walked up to Julie and grabbed her by the hair.

"Are you called Julie?" She asked.

"Yes I am." Replied Julie.

"Well I have a little present from Sangitta for you."

With that she took hold of Julie and pressed her up against the toilet wall and began to kiss her. She was rough and Julie soon found herself responding to her roughness. They clashed tongues and were soon in a passionate embrace. Julie was getting very wet down below. She felt the older woman move her hands.

She ran her hand down the hem of Julie's dress and reached underneath. She touched the knickers and said.

"Frilly knickers you little girl. How cute."

Julie felt herself blush. She did not resist when the woman took her hand and placed it into the waistband of Julie's knickers. The older woman ran her over the front of Julie's pussy and heard her sigh in contentment. She turned to Julie and said.

"Lift your dress up, take your knickers off and show me that glorious shaved pussy of yours."

Julie was shocked that they were in a toilet but it did not stop her. She actually went further than the woman asked. She unzipped the dress and stood there in just her bra, knickers and boots. She reached round and unclipped the bra and exposed her pert breasts to the woman. Next she removed the knickers and showed the woman her shaven pussy.

She opened her pussy up with her fingers and said.

"Would you like to suck it?" Julie asked.

"Of course I would. It looks so cute." 

She watched as the older woman got down on her knees and then she began to suck on Julie's pussy. This had been what Julie had been wanting Sangitta to do to her but she was getting her first licking from a complete stranger. She did not even know her name.

The woman stuck her tongue in and began to suck on Julie's juices and Julie had to brace herself against the wall to stop herself from falling to the floor. In and out went the woman's tongue and Julie felt that she was close to orgasm. She could not control herself and she came shivering and shaking and realised that she had chosen the right path.

Julie was allowed to calm down and then she was told by the older woman.

"It is your turn to lick me slut."

"Yes Miss." Julie said.

She watched as the older woman undid the leather pants that she was wearing and pulled her pants down and then took her knickers down as well. Julie was greeted with a very hairy pussy and that was something she had not seen before and she did not know how she was going to find her way through the hair to the pussy.

The older woman told her to get down onto her knees and lick her out. Julie reluctantly got down on to the floor. She crawled forward until she was next to the older woman's pussy and she wondered what to do. She got no help from the older woman.

She parted the pubic hair which smelt of sweat and eventually she found the hole that she was looking for. She managed to feel her way in with her finger and began to masturbate the woman. 

"Give me at least three fingers." The older woman said.

Julie did as she was told and managed easily to get three fingers into the woman. She pushed them in and the woman immediately pushed them back out with her cunt muscles. 

"Come on bitch you can do better than that." She screamed.

Julie re-inserted her fingers and this time she lunged in with her fingers and made sure that the woman could not push them back out again. She began to move them in and out of the woman's pussy when she found herself being screamed at.

"Faster bitch faster."

Julie took in her spiteful words and began to finger fuck her harder and faster. Her fingers almost disappeared this woman's pussy was so wide open. She worked as hard as she could and she managed to give the woman her orgasm and watched as her love juice dripped down her arm.

She pulled out her fingers and the woman looked at her.

"That was shit. Go back to your Mistress and I will come and give her a report and do not get dressed. You should be humiliated for that performance."

"Yes Miss." Julie said.

The older woman watched Julie pick up her clothes and then escorted her out back into the bar. When the crowd saw her there were jeers and whistles and Julie knew that they knew she had done a bad job and so would Sangitta soon and she was dreading that. She was marched to Sangitta's table where the older woman gave her report.

When she had finished Sangitta looked at Julie and said.

"You have failed your first test Julie what have you got to say for yourself?"

"I really wanted to lick her but she was so hairy and sweaty that I was repulsed. I want to make love to your pussy Sangitta."

"You will get to make love to my pussy when you can do it properly. Do you understand?"

"Yes Mistress." Julie replied.

"Now let us get you home. You can go home and you can masturbate once. You may put your dress back on but give me your underwear and then go and order us a taxi."

"Yes Mistress."

Sangitta watched as Julie got dressed and handed over her underwear. Julie went and ordered a taxi and they stood outside and waited for it to arrive. Sangitta had plans for later on that night and would be glad to see the back of Julie. 

The taxi arrived and they climbed in the back. To keep her aroused Sangitta allowed her hand to go under the hem of Julie's dress and she began to finger her. Julie began to sigh in pleasure and grabbed hold of Sangitta's hand and willed her not to stop.

Sangitta had no intention of letting her get away with nothing but pleasure. She was going to masturbate her all the way home but she was not going to let her cumm. She leaned across and whispered in Julie's ear.

"You can enjoy my fingers but you will not cumm."

"Yes Mistress." Replied Julie.

It took ten minutes to get to Julie's house by which time she was biting her lip and willing herself not to cumm. She managed it just and was pleased when Sangitta gave her a kiss goodnight. It was a proper kiss and she would use that to masturbate too.

Sangitta said goodnight and then instructed the driver to take her home. When she got home she sat with her parents for an hour and the final chat with them that she would have in this house.

"I have told your father of your choice of sexuality and he agrees with what I said." Said her mother.

"We have found you a flat in a new block of flats which will be our present to you. We will continue to support you and you are always welcome home but you must never bring around a girlfriend. Is that fair Sangitta?"

"Yes mum that is fair." Replied Sangitta.

"Remember that we will always love you and we will always be here for you."

"Thank you." Said Sangitta.

With that she gave her mum and dad a kiss and retired to her room for the night.