 By the time that Sangitta got home she was smiling like the cat that had got the cream. She tried to slip into the house quietly but her mother was up and about and she could tell that there was something different about her little girl. She walked like a woman and she wanted to know if Sangitta wanted to talk about things.

She did not get the chance to say anything before Sangitta blurted out.

"I am no longer a virgin mother. I slept with a woman tonight."

"I thought you had gone to punish someone?" her mother said.

"That was my intention my mother and I did do some punishment but when it came to having sex I suddenly regressed to being the young woman that I am and I realised that I could not make love to this older woman because I did not have a clue what I was doing and it was all bravado and I needed to be taught what to do."

"I confessed all to this woman and she took me though the process of what I needed to do. Oh mum she was so soft and tender with me. It was amazing. I feel like I have been reborn."

Her mother sat and listened to her daughter ramble on about how amazing things had been and she suddenly stopped her and said.

"Slow down my child you are absolutely glowing and manic and I do not suppose you will get any sleep tonight or should I say this morning?"

"I am on such a high mum I do not think that I could sleep even if I tried to. I want more of what I have had tonight and I cannot wait for it to happen again."

Her mother took hold of her hand and said.

"I am glad that you are happy little one but can I just say you smell of sex. Why do you not go and have a bath. It will help you to relax and perhaps you will calm down a little bit.

Sangitta looked at her mother and could tell it was one of her mother's commands. She stood up from the kitchen table and kissed her mother on the forehead and said.

"I will have the bath but I have a couple of e-mails that I must send before I think of going to sleep."

"Okay." Her mother said but I want you to try and get some sleep tonight."

"Yes mother. I promise that I will try.

"Good. Now go and have that bath and put your clothes in the wash basket. I will wash them for you."

"Yes mum." Said Sangitta as she left the kitchen.

She went up the stairs and went to the bathroom and set the bath running. She stripped off her clothes and put them in the washing basket. There was some pretty racy things there that she felt sure would not be going on the washing line. She laughed to herself.

When the bath was run she climbed in and just tried to relax. She just could not relax she was still aroused with what had happened and she found that she was getting wet again. She placed her hands on her breasts and began to massage them and she was soon ready to get herself going again.

She tried to be as quiet as she could be because she did not want her mother and father to hear her playing with herself but she could not help but put into action what she had done to Slutty mum because it had worked for her and Sangitta wondered if she could do the same to herself.

She massaged her breast with one hand and moved her hand down and cupped her pussy and felt it how hot it felt to herself. She did not know that a pussy could emanate such heat and she got herself worked up and ready to insert a couple of fingers into herself.

She was learning her body all over again and she remembered what Indira had said to her.

"Do not run before you can walk."

Such wise words from the older woman and Sangitta had decided to heed them. She knew that one day she would become a dominant but for now she had to discover her own sexuality and what she liked and what she did not like. She knew from last night that she loved to have her pussy licked but she had insisted on no pain or roughness.

It was the tenderness of the moment that had turned her on and this was what she was trying to reciprocate now. She stopped cupping her pussy and gently opened her lips. She wished that she had a mirror to hand because she wanted to see what happened when she masturbated herself.

With her lips spread wide open she stopped playing with her breasts and moved her hand down her abdomen. Her skin began to tingle at her touch and she knew that it would not take too long for her to cumm. She was determined to make this moment last for as long as she could.

She slowly inserted one finger into her pussy and found that sensation but she did not feel fulfilled. She decided to insert a second finger into herself and found that this was a lot more pleasurable and that she felt nice and full.

She allowed her fingers just to sit in her pussy for a while and then she pulled them out and found that they were covered in her pussy juice. She had a longing to taste herself so she brought her fingers to her mouth and began to suck on them. 

Mmm she thought. That was not too bad but she felt that Slutty Mum tasted better and she thought she would maybe not taste herself again. She ran her fingers back down her body and found her pussy again. She re-inserted the fingers into herself and this time she began to move them in and out of herself.

She knew that she liked this feeling because she got extremely wet and her nipples grew very hard. She pushed her fingers back into herself and began to move them in and out of herself and was certain that she could bring herself to orgasm this way. She was now moving them faster and deeper into herself when she felt her body tense.

She suddenly began to shudder and she had to bite her lip to stop herself from screaming out in pleasure. She found that she leaked juice into the bath and it ran down her fingers. She removed her fingers and cleaned them in the bath.

She calmed herself down and began to wash herself. As suggested by her mother she used the lavender bath wash to cleanse herself and she soon felt herself begin to relax so much so that she wanted to fall asleep but she knew that she had to reply to a couple of e-mails and make sure that one of them was to Babs who had been kind enough to get in touch with her.

She finished cleaning herself then she stood up and wrapped herself in a towel and stepped out of the bath. She took another towel and wrapped her hair in it and walked out of the bathroom and entered her bedroom. She decided that first of all she needed to send a text to someone. She found her purse and located her phone she flicked it open.

She found the relevant number and sent the first text.

"This is Mistress Sangitta here are you awake?"

"Yes." Came back to her.

"I cannot call you Slutty Mum anymore. What would you like me to call you?"

"My middle name is Denise so you could call me that."

"Denise it is then."

"Thank you Mistress."

"It is me that should be thanking you Denise. You were so kind and thoughtful to me last night and you gave me a fantastic time."

"You Mistress Sangitta reminded me of the pleasures of making love to a woman and not just having sex. I could get sex wherever I wanted but you made love to me and that was fantastic."

"Well I am glad that I made you happy and I hope that we get some time together soon when we can be alone with another."

"I am on holiday from work this week and I could help you move into your new flat."

"I would like that. I shall let you know where and when I will need you.

"Thank you Mistress."

"Now please go and try and get some sleep and I you will text me when you are awake. Can you do that for me Denise?"

"I can do that for you Mistress."

"Goodnight Denise and I will speak to you later."

"Goodnight Mistress."

With that Sangitta closed the phone and opened up her laptop and re-read the message that Babs had sent to her. Through the words on the page she could tell how sad that Babs was and how unhappy a life that she led and she decided that she would take Babs on and but she would also be honest with her about her innocence.

She decided that if she told the truth about herself then Babs might respect her more and could make an informed choice about whether or not she really wanted Sangitta.

She began to type her reply.

"Dearest Babs,

Thank you very much for getting in touch with me. It filled my heart with joy that an older woman like yourself would want to make love to a young woman like me. I was very flattered and it gave me a lot to think about.

However I have to be honest with you. I am new to lesbianism and as my nemesis would say to me I have to walk in the sand and not try to run through it. I know that I will eventually become a dominant but I am not ready to do that just yet. I want to explore my sexuality and find out what it is I like about women and how I can pleasure them and how they can pleasure me.

If it is a Mistress that you want then at this time I am not the woman for you but if you want to learn how to become a lesbian and you want to go on a journey of discovery then I would be more than pleased to join you on that journey.

I hope that you understand where I am coming from and I really do hope that you want to join me on this journey so that we can learn together.

Love

Sangitta.

PS: Where was my picture?"

Sangitta sent another message to a college friend and then she towelled herself dry. She went to the dressing table and dried her hair. She did not want to wake up with bed hair after all. She combed it through and then she went to her bed. She put the laptop and her purse onto the floor and crawled under the duvet and went to sleep cradling the mobile phone.

She slept until about four o'clock that afternoon when her phone beeped in her hand and she wearily opened her eyes and got her bearings. She wiped the sleep from her eyes and found that she felt refreshed. It had been a good peaceful sleep. The first she had undertaken in a few weeks. She decided to find out who had texted her.

She flicked open the phone and saw that it was a message from Slutty Mum. She quickly changed the name to Denise and then she read the message.

"Hello Mistress I have just woken up. I hope that you have managed to get some sleep."

"Good afternoon Denise I was asleep until you beeped me."

"I am sorry for waking you up Mistress."

"Do not be sorry Denise it was time that I woke up or else I would have slept the day away and I have to begin to pack my things up today."

"Thank you Mistress for not being angry."

"My husband is upset at me. He wanted sex this morning but I just turned over and went back to sleep. I promise that I will not betray you with him again."

"I am glad to hear that Denise because he is a disgusting nasty man and I have never felt comfortable with him."

"I know Mistress. I have seen the way he used to eye up the friends that Julie brought home."

"I do not want him in the house if I ever come round to see you but that will not be a problem when I move into my own place."

"I understand Mistress."

"Good."

"Mistress may I ask you a question?"

"Of course you can Denise."

"Do you know what role-play is sexually."

"I have done role-play in college but never sexually."

"Would you like to play now Mistress?"

"What did you have in mind?"

"Let me start Mistress and we shall see how things go. You can say stop whenever you become uncomfortable."

Sangitta thought for a moment and then she said.

"Go ahead Denise but I may not be any good."

"Okay Mistress."

"What are you wearing Mistress?"

"I am naked Denise. What about yourself?"

"I have a pair of black panties on Mistress."

"Mmm."

"Shall I take them off Mistress?"

"Yes Denise take them off and be as naked as your Mistress."

"Yes Mistress."

Sangitta could not know but the phone had been put down and Denise was actually removing her knickers. She began to get impatient but forced herself to be calm.

Suddenly her phone beeped again.

"I am now naked Mistress."

"Show me your knickers."

Again there was a silence for a minute and then her phone beeped twice.

"Picture sent Mistress."

Then Sangitta saw the second message and it was a picture of Denise holding a pair of black knickers up.

"So you are now naked like me?"

"Yes Mistress."

"Send me another picture of you and I will send you one of me."

Sangitta took her phone and switched it to camera mode. She threw back the duvet covers and tried to take a picture of her naked body. It was difficult and it took her several times to get it correct but finally she had one that she was happy with and she pressed send.

As she pressed send her phone beeped. She opened the message and saw the naked body of Denise fill the screen. She immediately became aroused and could not wait to be in her arms again.

"Lovely." She texted back.

"Thank you Mistress. You look gorgeous enough to eat."

"Would you like to make love to my pussy like you did last night?"

"Yes Mistress I would."

"How long will you be alone for?"

"Probably for the rest of the day Mistress."

"Would you like me to come over? I do not feel comfortable with this role-play. I would rather be in your arms again."

"I would like that very much Mistress."

"Slip into something sexy and I will be over in fifteen minutes."

"Yes Mistress."

Sangitta closed her phone and climbed out of bed. She had a quick wash and brushed her teeth and then she looked through some of the nightwear that Julie had bought for her. She chose to wear a pair of black hold-up stockings and a red negligee and slipped into a long coat and did her make-up. She went downstairs and kissed her mother.

"I am going to see Denise." She said.

"Okay darling. Be careful and let me know when you have arrived."

"I will mum." Sangitta said and with that she left the house. 

As soon as she was round the corner from her house she lit a cigarette and inhaled deeply. She walked nice and quickly to Denise's house. She could not wait to see her again.

When she got to Denise's house she texted her mother to let her know that she had arrived then she knocked on the door and waited for it to be answered. When it was opened Sangitta let out a sigh of lust. 

Denise was stood there and she looked absolutely stunning. She had on a pair of pyjamas that were black and sheer, so sheer that you could clearly see her breasts and her pussy. 

"Turn round please Denise" Said Sangitta.

Denise did as she was told as Sangitta got a good look at her arse which she thought looked stunning.

"Are you going to invite me in?" Said Sangitta.

"Of course. Please come in Sangitta."

Sangitta stepped into the house and took a place on the sofa. She was shaking now she was that aroused. She shakily lit a cigarette and waited for Denise to come back from the kitchen. When she returned she was holding two glasses of white wine and handed one to Sangitta. Sangitta had to put her cigarette down to take hold of the glass she was shaking that much.

Denise took the seat next to her and said.

"What is the matter my Mistress?"

"You look so sexy." Replied Sangitta.

"Why thank you Mistress. I thought you might enjoy them. They are one of my favourite and I have them in several colours."

"I cannot wait to see the others." Responded Sangitta.

Sangitta and Denise sat there consuming their wine and smoking a cigarette when Denise turned to Sangitta and said.

"May I kiss my Mistress?"

Sangitta remembered the kiss of the night before and she said.

"Of course you can Denise."

Denise put down her glass and moved closer to Sangitta. She took hold of the glass that Sangitta was holding and placed it on the table and moved as close as she cold to Sangitta. She took her in her arms and kissed her tenderly on the lips. Sangitta let a moan out of her mouth and Denise just kissed her a bit more passionately.

They began to kiss as the lovers they now were and both could feel the other become aroused and they knew what was going to happen. They began to run their hands over each other bodies and Denise said.

"Would you take your coat off Mistress?"

"Of course I will." Said Sangitta.

On slightly wobbly legs she stood up and began to unbutton the coat that she was wearing. Denise stood there and looked on in anticipation. She could not wait to see what was under that coat that Sangitta was wearing.

Sangitta tried to tease her by removing a button at a time and when she got to the last button she held the coat closed and she was determined that she would tease Denise for a little bit. 

She looked Denise In the eye and said.

"Do you really want to see what is underneath?"

"Oh yes Mistress I cannot wait."

"Then gently beg please." Replied Sangitta.

"Please Mistress I really need to see what you have under your coat. It will turn me on no end."

"Is the door properly locked?" Asked Sangitta.

Denise climbed off the sofa and made sure that the door was double-locked so that they would have time to make themselves decent should Julie and her father return home.

Denise then sat back down on the sofa and waited in anticipation.

Sangitta then began to open her coat and slowly revealed her body to Denise. She revealed the red negligee and black hold-up stockings and Denise let out a sigh. She began to touch herself through the material of her pyjamas and found herself getting wet.

"Can I take you to bed Mistress?"

Sangitta thought about this. She was not comfortable about going into the bed from where Denise had made to and slept with her husband.

"No I do not want to make love to you in your marital bed." Said Sangitta.

"We shall make love on the rug like we did last night."

"Yes Mistress." Replied Denise.

Denise stood and began to move towards Sangitta. She took her in her hands and began to kiss her. Sangitta soon responded and they began to touch each other again.

Denise stopped kissing her and said.

"Would you undress me Mistress?"

Sangitta felt nervous again. She had been undressed by Denise the night before but had never undressed a woman before. She did not want to break the sexy atmosphere by being all fingers and thumbs but she also wanted to do it.

She moved towards Denise. She remembered what Denise had done to her the night before and caressed the arms of Denise. Denise closed her eyes and imagined that she was just about to be stripped by her lover and Mistress.

Sangitta began to unbutton the pyjama top that Denise had on and slowly revealed her naked body. She admired her breasts and thought she could not wait to kiss them. She got all the buttons undone and slowly pulled the top down the arms of Denise and dropped it to the floor.

Sangitta then got down on her knees and looked at the pussy of Denise through the material of the pyjama bottoms. She could not wait to taste it. She reached for the pyjama waistband and slowly pulled them down. They were a little tight on the hips but soon they got passed them and soon they fell down Denise's legs and Denise stepped out of them.

Denise said.

"Can I strip you Mistress?"

"No you may not Denise. You will make love to me with my clothes on. Now come and lie with me on the rug.

Denise was upset that she would not get to see her Mistress naked but she accepted what she had been told. She watched as Sangitta took her place on the rug and began to cup her naked pussy. She had been kissed down there last night and today she wanted to be fingered. Denise laid down next to her and Sangitta admired her nakedness.

They began to kiss again. This time though they knew that they would be making love to each other. They touched each other and each wanted the other. Sangitta turned to Denise and said.

"Can I kiss your pussy Denise?"

"You do not need to ask Mistress. It is yours to use.

Sangitta liked to hear those words but she was still about to kiss her first pussy and she would need to be guided by her lover. She went down between Denise's legs and parted them and looked at her pussy. It looked absolutely gorgeous to her and she could not wait to taste her.
