 Sangitta felt a little lonely once Babs had gone and she did not know what to do with herself. She could not settle to anything. She sat there and tried to listen to music but that soon bored her and then she tried to watch some television but that just switched her off as well. She needed some company and she needed it now.

She knew that she was using Julie but perhaps when she awoke she would do something with her. In the meantime she decided to text Denise. She checked the time. She should be home and her husband should still be at work so perhaps she could have a little play with her. She took out her phone and began to text.

"Hello Denise what are you up to?"

"I am doing nothing at the moment. My husband has just rung to say he is going to the pub after work so I will be alone for a bit yet."

"I have just had a wonderful woman round this afternoon."

"Tell me about please."

"She is much older than you Denise and she wants to suddenly discover her female sexuality."

"It sounds interesting. Please go on."

"She came round with a red dress on and some sexy stockings. She looked so sexy for one so old and she has the most massive of breasts."

"Mmm they sound nice."

"They were and I loved to pet and make love to them."

"Did you make love to her?"

"No she was not ready today. I petted her and was sensuous with her and she masturbated herself and brought herself to orgasm."

"You must be very frustrated Sangitta?"

"Frustrated is not the word but I am sexually aroused."

"Would you like me to come round and see you?"

"What about your husband?"

"I will ring him and say that seen as he has gone to the pub I am going out with a girlfriend."

"It would be nice to go out with you."

"Then we could just go for a couple of drinks. I could meet you in town."

"That sounds good to me. I will meet you in the wine bar in half an hour. Is that time enough for you to get ready?"

"Yes I can do that Sangitta."

"Then I will meet you there within the half hour."

Sangitta closed her phone and got up and went to check on Julie. She opened the door to her room and saw that she was still asleep. She would go out and send her a text to let her know what was going on. She closed the door to Julie's room and went to the Master Suite to decide what to wear.

She slipped off the robe that she was wearing and walked naked around the room. She went to her lingerie drawer and rifled through what she had and she was getting frustrated because she could not find something suitable when she came across what she thought would look good. 

It was a fishnet body-stocking with no crotch and holes for her breasts. She had not worn it before but it felt so sexy to be putting it on. She pulled it up her body and snugged her body into it. She pulled at the crotch area and made herself comfortable then she took her breasts and pulled them through the holes so that they stood nice and proud.

Next she went to her wardrobe and decided what to add to the top of her body-stocking. She selected a black leather skirt that was quite short and pulled it on and fastened it up. Next she took a purple silk blouse and slipped her torso into that and tucked it into the skirt. She finished the look with some thigh length boots.

She looked at herself in the mirror and noticed that her hair needed sorting out. It had become messed up when she was in bed with Babs. She thought she could not be bothered to style it - she had so little time. She just backcombed it and put in a scrunchie to hold it in place. She applied a little make-up and was satisfied with how she looked.

She left the Master Suite and once more checked on Julie. She was still fast asleep so Sangitta left her be. She closed the door to her room and went to the front room. She picked a black leather jacket off of the coat rack and slipped it on. She picked up her purse and phone and ordered a taxi. She left the apartment and took the elevator down to the lobby to wait for it.

Sangitta stepped outside and lit a cigarette. She inhaled deeply and felt the nicotine hit the base of her lungs. It felt so good and she had just about finished it when the taxi pulled up. She stubbed out the cigarette and climbed into the back of the taxi and told the driver where she wanted to go. It took about twenty minutes to get there.

Once the taxi pulled up outside the wine bar she paid the fare and climbed out and confidently she went into the bar. It was not too busy in the bar. The work crowd had not yet arrived so Sangitta found a quiet booth and waited for the waitress to come and take her order. She picked up the wine menu and perused.

Just as she was getting to the end of it the waitress appeared at her side.

"Is Madam ready to order?" She asked.

"Yes I will have a bottle of the Chablis and two glasses please."

"Certainly Madam." The waitress replied.

She disappeared and Sangitta was left alone with her thoughts. She realised that this was her first proper date with a woman and she wondered if they could hold a conversation together. It began to make her a little apprehensive. She sat and waited for Denise to arrive.

She did not have to wait long. Denise arrived before the wine did and she looked around the bar and managed to locate Sangitta. She walked up to the booth and took a seat next to Sangitta and leant across and gave her a kiss on the cheek. Sangitta blushed at the show of affection but she did not stop Denise doing it.

Sangitta looked at Denise and was happy with what she saw. Denise had on a white blouse and a short black skirt. She had what Sangitta assumed were stockings on and she completed the look with a pair of patent leather heels. She looked very sexy and Sangitta began to wonder what kind of lingerie she had on underneath.

Before they could begin their conversation the waitress arrived and said.

"Your wine Madam."

"Thank you." Replied Sangitta.

"Would Madam like to taste it before I pour it?" The waitress asked.

"Yes please." Said Sangitta.

She watched as the waitress uncorked the bottle and poured an inch of wine into the glass next to Sangitta. Sangitta picked up the glass and sniffed the wine. She then swirled it round the glass and took a sip. She was more than happy with the taste of it.

"Yes that is fine." Said Sangitta.

"Thank- you Madam."

The waitress then poured out two glasses of wine and left the bottle on the table and left the two woman alone. They picked up their glasses and clinked them together and said.

"Cheers. Here's to a lovely evening."

They silently sat and sipped their wine at first and then Sangitta confessed that this was her first date with a woman, in fact it was her first date with any member of either sex and she was feeling apprehensive because she did not know what to do.

Denise reached across and took hold of her hand and said.

"Just relax and be yourself. How about you start by telling me about your family because they obviously love you a lot."

Sangitta thought that this was a good place to start and she started to talk about her family. She found that the conversation soon began to flow and the wine did too. It was turning into a lovely evening and Sangitta began to wonder what she had been apprehensive about. She found Denise extremely easy company and they were soon laughing and joking together.

Suddenly Sangitta felt Denise take hold of her hand and place it on her thigh. She suddenly tensed and was not sure that she could do such a public show of affection. She looked round the bar and checked out the crowd. No-one seemed to be paying any attention to the ladies so she tried to relax but Denise had noticed how tense she had got and turned to her and said.

"I am not ashamed to be seen with you Sangitta. Are you ashamed to be seen with me?"

"No not at all." Said Sangitta.

"The just relax and enjoy yourself."

Sangitta listened to the words of Denise and she began to relax. Denise was right. There was nothing to be embarrassed about and she was on a date after all and she should begin to feel comfortable with her sexuality in public.

She relaxed allowed Denise to keep her hand on her thigh. The first bottle of wine disappeared and a second was ordered. Sangitta began to feel a little bit tipsy and when Denise move her hand on her thigh she did not object and decided to just go with the flow. Another hour passed and then Denise turned to Sangitta and said.

"Can I kiss you Sangitta?"

Sangitta stopped for a moment. She was shocked by the request. She picked up her glass of wine and thought about the proposition. It would be an open admission of her sexuality and she wondered if she was ready to do that. It was a hinge moment in her life and she wanted to make the right decision so she did not rush herself into an answer.

Denise sat there and could almost feel the cogs of Sangitta's brain turning and she wondered what she was thinking about. She realised that she had just asked a major question but she so wanted to show those around them that they were together and she was not embarrassed about it. Suddenly Sangitta put down her glass and turned to Denise.

She reached out a hand and tenderly stroked the cheek of Denise and said to her.

"Kiss me Denise. I do not care what people around us think."

Denise broke out into a smile and she placed her hand on top of Sangitta's and then she removed it from her cheek and moved closer to Sangitta. She leant forward and kissed her on the cheek and felt a tingle run down her spine. She could not wait to kiss her lips and like Sangitta she did not care that she was in a wine bar.

She moved from Sangitta's cheek and petted her on the lips and savoured the taste of her lips and loved what she was tasting. She petted Sangitta's lips for a good five minutes and then she opened her mouth and began to openly snog Sangitta. She heard Sangitta moan and she knew that she was doing a good job.

Sangitta took her arms and wrapped her hands around the neck of Denise and pulled her deep onto her lips. She no longer cared where they were she had to continue this kiss. It felt amazing. They kissed with open mouths for a good ten minutes and then they had to stop to come up for air and compose themselves before they did something that they shouldn't.

They went back to sipping their wine but this time they openly held hands and showed their public affection. Sangitta looked round the bar and again she noticed that no-one seemed to care about what had just happened and she totally relaxed. She now knew that she could show affection in public and people did not care.

They sipped their wine and chatted and held hands for the rest of the evening and then Denise said the words that Sangitta had been dreading hearing. She turned to Sangitta and said.

"I have to go darling. My husband will be home by now and he will be expecting me. I never stay out late when I go out with my girlfriends and I dare not change my routine. Not just yet. The time is not right."

Sangitta was crest fallen but she knew that this was the danger of getting involved with a married woman and she could not have them always alone to herself.

"I hope one night that you will be able to spend the night with me." Said Sangitta.

"So do I my darling and I hope that it will not be too long before that happens?"

Reluctantly Sangitta resolved in her head that she would have to let Denise go for the night and that she would have to wait a few more days before she could take her to her bed again. She watched as Denise got up to leave and she suddenly felt very alone.

She looked around the bar and caught the eye of the waitress. She ordered another bottle of wine and just a single glass this time and she waited for it to arrive. It came within five minutes and Sangitta poured herself a glass and drank it down.

She sat there and contemplated her life and on the whole she was happy with the decisions that she had made but she also thought of home and what she had given up to partake in her life style. She reached for her purse and took out her phone and dialled her home number. She knew that her mother would still be up and she needed to hear her comforting voice.

"Hello Sangitta." Her mum said.

"Hello mum." Sangitta responded aware that she was slurring her words a little.

"Are you drunk my darling?" Her mother asked.

"A little." Said Sangitta.

"You sound sad my darling. What is the matter." Her mother asked.

Sangitta composed herself and went on to tell her mother all about her night with Denise and how sad that she now was now that she was on her own. Her mother just sat and listened to Sangitta pour out her feelings and then she said.

"Sangitta it will happen one day. You will find the right woman to spend the rest of your life with and I pray that it will happen sooner rather than later. Now my darling you need to go and sleep off the alcohol that you have had and I will see you about four tomorrow."

"Yes mother." Replied Sangitta and the conversation ended.

She sat there for a little while longer and finished the bottle of wine then she rang for a taxi and unsteadily walked out of the bar and waited for it to arrive. She lit a cigarette and enjoyed it as she waited.

The taxi arrived and took her back to her apartment. She stumbled into the lobby of her apartment block and found Julie sat there waiting for her. She was glad to see a friendly face and she let Julie assist her up to her apartment. Once inside Julie laid her down on the sofa and then she went to the kitchen.

She came back with a large black coffee and a pint of water and sat with Sangitta as she drank both of them.

By the time that Sangitta had finished both her drinks she was falling asleep and she rolled over and snugged down. Julie went and got a duvet and a pillow. She covered Sangitta up and placed her head on the pillow and let her drift off to sleep.

Julie took her place in the reclining chair and made sure that she stayed awake all night so that she could keep an eye on Sangitta in case she happened to get ill in the night. She looked lovingly at Sangitta and just thought.

"I am happy."