 Julie wearily opened her eyes and looked up to see what she thought was a vision of beauty. Sangitta was in her room waking her and she looked absolutely gorgeous and she was glowing. Julie wondered what she had been up to and she just had to ask.

"You look glowing this morning Sangitta. Did you sleep well?"

"I slept very well Julie and I have masturbated twice this morning."

"I missed that?"

"Yeah I woke up feeling horny and then I read my e-mails and Babs had sent me a couple of pictures and in one of them she was sucking on her massive breasts and it was such a horny sight that I had to masturbate to it and had a sexy orgasm."

"So that was once. What about the second time?"

"Well the I decided to text Babs and thank her for the e-mail she had sent and she ended up getting turned on by my reaction I had experienced to her pictures that she got aroused that she started masturbating and I ended up joining her and I had my second orgasm and this time I squirted cumm juice which I have never done before."

Julie listened to what Sangitta was saying and she was getting aroused and she wanted to masturbate she had got that excited.

She looked at Sangitta and said.

"Did I hear you correctly? You want to go and do and some shopping?"

"Yeah I feel the need to spend some money and I fancy doing lunch and having a glass of wine. If you want to join me then you have half an hour to get ready. I will have another cigarette whilst I wait for you."

"I will be with you in half an hour." Replied Julie.

"Good I hoped that you would want to join you."

"I shall wait for you to be in my front room. You have thirty minutes then I will go without you."

"Yes Sangitta." Replied Julie.

With that she pulled back the duvet and jumped out of her bed and almost ran to the bathroom. She rushed in and turned on the shower and stripped of the nightie that she was wearing and stood there naked and waited for the shower to warm up. It took only a couple of minutes for the shower to warm up and she climbed in and let the water cascade over her body.

She was aroused and even though she knew that she only had half an hour she knew that she needed to cumm after the story that Sangitta had told her. She was aroused anyway so she thought that it would only take a few minutes out of her time to bring herself to orgasm.

She began to caress her body and soon found herself touching her breasts. She massaged the flesh for a couple of minutes until she had got her nipples nice and erect and then she pinched them between her finger and thumb and sent the arousal down to her clitoris and she could feel herself begin to juice up.

She stopped playing with her breasts for a moment and toyed with her abdomen but she knew that she needed to get to her clitoris and have a play with that because that would bring her to orgasm quicker than anything else.

She ran her hands down her body until she came to her pussy. She was tempted to finger fuck herself for a moment but she was time aware so she went straight for her clitoris. She touched it and she almost gave a little jump in the shower. She was definitely aroused and she realised that hearing Sangitta talk had turned her on more than she thought.

She began to run her fingers and over her clitoris and then she began to rub at it. She started off nice and slow and got herself nicely worked up and then she began to rub it harder and faster. She was really turned on and she closed her eyes and got the picture of Sangitta masturbating in her head and rubbed as hard as she could on her clitoris.

She began to buck against her fingers and she knew that she was close to her orgasm so she rubbed as hard as she could on her clitoris and began to make it sore but it was doing the trick. Her orgasm was ready to explode out of her and she just stopped playing with herself and relax and suddenly it came to her.

Her orgasm began to explode out of her. She did not want Sangitta to hear that she was cumming because she felt sure that Sangitta would know it was because of the story that she had told her. She bucked and writhed against the wall of the shower it was such a powerful orgasm. She put her hands out to steady herself and just writhed through the orgasm.

She was biting that hard on her lip that she drew blood but it was worth it. This had been one of her most powerful orgasms and she wanted to experience more of them. Slowly her orgasm subsided and Julie began to relax and come back to reality.

When it had expelled itself she began to cleanse herself. She did this in record time and then she wrapped herself in a towel and went back to her bedroom and looked at the clothes in her wardrobe and tried to decide what she should wear for the day.

She wanted to look good if she was going to be out and about with Sangitta. She settled on a pair of tight jeans and then she added a silk blouse. She placed the clothes on the bed and went to her lingerie drawer and chose her underwear for the day. She completed the look with some hold up stockings.

She towelled herself dry and then she began to get dressed and she managed to do this in a couple of minutes. She looked at her watch and she saw that she still had ten minutes to play with. With a sigh of relief she realised that she had time to dry and style her hair and put on a bit of make-up so that she would look her best.

When she was satisfied that she had done all that she could to make herself good enough for Sangitta she left her bedroom and went to join Sangitta in the front room. She had a couple of minutes to spare so she joined Sangitta in having a cigarette and when they had completed them they were ready to go shopping.

Julie ordered a taxi and they left the apartment and got in the elevator and went down to the lobby to wait for the taxi to arrive. It took about five minutes of waiting before the taxi arrived. The women left the apartment block and climbed into the taxi and Sangitta gave the instructions as to where they were to go.

Julie recognised the street. It was a busy shopping centre and it would take ten minutes to get there so they just relaxed in their seats and let the taxi take them to their destination. When they arrived Sangitta paid the fare then they piled out. Julie looked at the array of shops and could not wait to get shopping.

She had some spare money and she wanted to treat herself to some new clothes that she would look good in for when she wanted to tease Sangitta. She turned to Sangitta and said.

"Where would you like to start?"

"I think we start by finding the nearest coffee shop and having a drink and something creamy to eat. How does that sound?"

"Sounds good to me." Replied Julie.

They walked up the street until they found the appropriate place that was quiet enough for them to go into and indulge themselves in coffee and cream cakes. It was a quaint old place called Betty's and it yet it served the best of cream cakes and it was also waitress service so no joining long queues.

They entered the coffee shop and waited to be seated. It took only a minute for a waitress to attend to them. They were shown to a nice table and allowed time to peruse the menu. The waitress returned after ten minutes and took the order from the women. It was soon served up to them.

They sat and enjoyed the hot drinks and the array of cream cakes that had been served to them and talked about what they planned to do today. They would start off shopping together and then they would go their separate ways for an hour or so and then meet up for an early dinner. The plan agreed they finished up and paid the bill and left the coffee shop sated for the moment.

They went through the shops and each purchased some new items and they were beginning to get laden down with the bags. They both loved to shop and it was like a drug to them and they had to resist not to buy more and eventually they gave up shopping together and decided to go their own way and agreed to meet up in ninety minutes.

Julie knew where she was going. She entered the shop and perused the shelves and the racks. She eventually found what she was looking for. It was a pair of leather pants and a leather skirt. Since she had put the maid's uniform on she had dreamed of getting some leather goods for herself.

She rummaged the racks and found the size that she was looking for and took a couple pairs of trousers and two skirts. She took one in her own size and one in a size smaller to see if she could slip into them and further the sexy parts of her body.

She took them to the changing room and got a disc from the assistant saying how many items she had and then she entered the cubicle and closed the curtain behind her.

She slipped her feet out of the trainers that she was wearing and then she unbuttoned and unzipped the jeans that she had on and drew them down her legs and stepped out of them. There was a mirror in the cubicle and she could not resist the opportunity to check herself out. What she saw turned her on. She looked and felt sexy.

She picked up the first leather skirt and slipped it on and pulled it up her legs and snugged it around her waist. It looked good in the mirror but it was a little loose around the waist so she slipped it off and picked up the second skirt and pulled it on.

This time the skirt fitted lovely around her waist and she admitted that she looked good in it. It had stopped just above her buttocks and she admitted to herself that it was a sexy fit. She turned her back to the mirror and bent over and she looked over her shoulder and saw that if she bent over then you got a glimpse of her buttocks and this just turned her on.

This was a definite purchase. She slipped the skirt off and placed it back on the coat-hanger and placed it to one side and then she went for the jeans. She picked up the pair that were a size too small for her and she pulled them on. This time she was to be unlucky. They were a tighter fit than the skirt and she could not button them up at the waist.

She pulled them off and then she slipped on the pair that were in her size and she found that they were a perfect snug fit and gave her room to breathe. Again she bent over and looked at her butt in the mirror. The jeans hugged her butt and accentuated her cheeks and she was excited with how they looked. These were definite buyers.

She took them off and hung them up and then she redressed and left the cubicle. She handed the skirt and the jeans to the assistant that she did not want and made her way to the till. She paid for her goods and then she left the shop. She checked the time and decided to make her way to where she and Sangitta were going to have dinner.

Sangitta had different ideas of the shop that she wanted to go to. She had looked things up on the internet and located the shop that she wanted to go to. She left the busy arcade and negotiated a few side streets and eventually she found the shop that she was looking for. It was an adult sex shop and she had in mind what she was looking for.

Taking a deep breath she entered the shop and closed the door behind her. She was immediately greeted with an array of leather clothing and sex toys and when she looked further into the shop she found herself looking at collection of sexy DVD's but she was not interested in them. She wanted to buy some sex toys that she could use in her lesbian relationships.

She was not looking for big cocks or anything like that but what she wanted were some toys that she could use to stimulate her lovers and give them even more pleasure than what she could give to them but then her eye caught something that looked really sexy.

She looked at it and tried to picture herself in it and the more that she looked at it the more she wanted it. She knew one item that she was going to buy but she had to look for the other items that she wanted. She looked for an assistant wan was pleased to see that it was an older lady serving behind the counter. She walked up to her and began to chat to her.

"Hello." She said.

The woman behind the counter was reading a magazine and looked a little disgruntled that she had been disturbed but when she looked up and saw the beauty of Sangitta she suddenly had her interest piqued and was keen to serve the young woman.

"Hi how can I help?" She said smiling at Sangitta.

"I am looking for some toys specifically to be used by lesbian's and I also want to purchase that purple leather jumpsuit." Said Sangitta.

"Certainly madam. Shall we start with the sex toys?"

"Yes that sounds good to me." Replied Sangitta.

The assistant came from behind the counter and went to a shelf in the shop and began to show a few items to Sangitta.

"This is called a rabbit and it is useful for lesbian relationships." She said picking up one of the items off of the shelf.

She handed one to Sangitta that was already out of its packet and let Sangitta hold it and went on to describe its uses.

"It is a dual vibrator and clitoral stimulator. It is specifically designed for the use of women and the pleasure that they can give to one another." 

Sangitta held the toy in her hand and it felt good. She imagined using it on her lovers and thought that it was a good choice.

"Yes I will take this." Sangitta said.

"Next I would recommend these." Said the assistant

"They are called love eggs. You insert them into your lover's pussy and they stimulate them to orgasm."

Again she handed a pair to Sangitta. Sangitta rolled them in her hand and imagined inserting them into her lover's pussy and seeing the pleasure on their face as they rolled around inside their pussies. She decided that these were a good idea and she decided to purchase them.

Finally the assistant picked up what looked like a pair of sexy knickers with what looked like a remote control and handed this packet to Sangitta. Sangitta looked strangely at the packet and the assistant went onto explain what they were.

"These are knickers that have a built-in vibrator and with the use of the remote control you can turn it on and off at will and give pleasure when you want to. With the improvement in technology the remote control has a range of three miles if you buy the top end one. Sangitta calculated a few things in her head and decided to buy three of them.

The assistant smiled to herself. Her commission on this sale was going to be a good one and she still had the purple jumpsuit to discuss and that would definitely give her a good commission. She went to the suit and asked Sangitta what size she was. Sangitta told her and the assistant picked up the jumpsuit that was in her size and asked Sangitta to follow her.

She led Sangitta through the shop and into the cubicles that were used for trying the clothes on and Sangitta entered. She was closely followed by the assistant who pulled curtain closed behind them and then she said to Sangitta.

"I am a lesbian and I need to see your naked body."

Sangitta looked at the assistant and she found that she was not too unattractive and she made the decision.

"You can undress me if you want to as long as I get to undress you."

"That sounds like a good plan to me." Replied the assistant.

The assistant stepped forward and began to undress Sangitta. She unbuttoned the blouse that Sangitta had on and slipped it off and looked at the bra encased breasts of Sangitta and she began to get very wet. She had to see the whole of Sangitta's body and she could not wait.

She reached round and found the zipper on the skirt that Sangitta was wearing and pulled it down. She helped the skirt come past the hips of Sangitta and let the skirt slip down her legs and Sangitta stepped out of it. She now stood there in just her knickers, bra and stockings. Sangitta stood there for a minute and then she stepped forward and undressed the assistant.

They looked at each other for a minute and then they moved into the arms of each other and began to kiss one another. It was a passionate embrace and their hands were running over each other's bodies and they both managed to get the bras off of the other.

They never broke the kiss but were now mashing breasts and both had erect nipples. The assistant broke the kiss and said to Sangitta.

"Can I make love to you?"

"Of course you can." Replied Sangitta.

The assistant felt herself begin to salivate and she could not wait to get her hands on Sangitta's body she was so sexy. She asked Sangitta to stand for a minute whilst she got down on her knees and pulled the knickers off of Sangitta. Once she had got them off she asked Sangitta to take a seat on the bench of the cubicle.

Sangitta took a seat and sat there and waited for the assistant to begin to make love to her or should she say have sex with her. She opened her legs and made her intentions known. She wanted no foreplay she just wanted her pussy to be sexed to bring her to orgasm. The assistant took the hint and moved herself between the thighs of Sangitta.

Using her fingers she traced the outline of Sangitta's pussy. She ran her hand up and down the pussy lips of Sangitta and she heard Sangitta groan in pleasure and she knew that she was doing a good job so she continued to work the lips with her fingers.

She did this for a good ten minutes and then she found the clit of Sangitta and began to rub at it with her thumb. Moving her head she began to lap at the pussy of Sangitta. Sangitta opened her legs as far as they would go and then when the assistant was sucking her pussy she closed them and clamped the woman's head there.

The assistant did not mind being clamped between Sangitta's thighs it just meant that she was closer to the pussy that she desired. She worked hard on Sangitta's pussy. Up and down and round her tongue went on the lips of Sangitta whilst her thumb continued to rub at Sangitta's clitoris.

She was determined that she was going to give Sangitta an amazing orgasm so that she would want to come back and perhaps return the favour to her. She worked the lips for a good ten minutes and then she used her tongue to open the lips of Sangitta and inserted her tongue deep into the pussy of Sangitta.

Sangitta relaxed back into the cubicle bench and just allowed her body to go with the flow and enjoy herself. She knew that with what was happening that she would not take long to have her orgasm if this treatment continued.

The assistant moved her tongue in and out of Sangitta's pussy and continued to rub at her clit and she could feel Sangitta begin to wriggle on the bench and she knew that Sangitta was on the verge of her orgasm.

She increased the speed of her licking of Sangitta's pussy and she soon felt Sangitta buck against her as her orgasm exploded out of her. As she had already had two orgasms that morning she squirted out her pussy juice and covered the face of the assistant. The assistant loved this and licked up as much as she could and let the rest cover her naked breasts.

She got off her knees and allowed Sangitta to recover and then she asked Sangitta if she wanted to try on the jumpsuit. Sangitta was off the bench like a shot. She and the assistant managed to get the jumpsuit on her and she was zipped.

Sangitta looked at herself in the mirror and liked what she saw. Her breasts stood out nice and proud and when she tuned round and had a look she thought her arse looked particularly good. It was a definite buyer.

She managed to get it off herself and handed it to the assistant and then she dressed herself and together they left the cubicle. Sangitta came back to the counter and paid for the goods. They were bagged up and Sangitta left the shop promising that she would return the favour another day. The assistant smiled to herself.

She checked her watch and she saw that she was late for meeting Julie. She thought that she had better get a rush on. She hurried along the streets and met Julie and together they went into the restaurant.