 Names and title inspired by the Sanguine Rose item from the Elder Scrolls series.

*****

On the quiet sea sails the cruise ship "Eventide", and on her deck sighs an artist whose name is Rosette. Clad in white overalls she travels abroad in search to stimulate new ideas for her art. Rosette stared off into the sea, the view lighting up her mood. A little relieved she perks up and strolls around the ship with her sketchpad while relishing the sea breeze through her black, shoulder-cut hair. Turning the corner into the pool area she sits by the bar and listens to the music, pianist and guitar duet.

Rosette orders a soda and searches around the pool hoping to find something to bring her out of an artist's block. Her sketchpad open and pencil in hand, Rosette is at the ready to draw her inspiration. Nothing yet, nothing now, nothing later. Rosette's order arrives, she takes the glass, and a sip, losing her focus and slipping into relaxation. Not relaxed for long as a red-haired goddess, in uniformed red bikini top and long flowing skirt entered the area.

Rosette looks at the scarlet lady with focused intent. She tries to remember each and every detail of her target's body while sketching her outline. Nearly stalking her, Rosette almost completes the task without relent. The scarlet lady notices Rosette and stops to return a smile. Rosette freezes with regret, she quickly thinks of ways to repent.

The scarlet lady is intrigued and walks in Rosette's direction. Rosette herself sets away her sketching material and calmly drinks her soda. The scarlet lady stays on path until she takes a seat next to Rosette and strikes up a conversation. She introduces herself as Guinne, a businesswoman on leave from work. Rosette nervously chats with Guinne, apologizing for staring at her and to express her admiration.

Guinne takes the sketchpad and ganders at the drawing of herself. She is overwhelmed with marvel, intrigue, and other emotions unable to be described. Guinne inquires if Rosette could make one for her, complete with color, offering to pay her an amount equal to her liking of the art. Rosette's eyes widen and smiles with joy, making sure she had soda and not a drink to be imbibed. Rosette, without hesitating, surrendered to any conditions that Guinne would propose to return the favor.

Guinne's eyes sparkled, her attention and intrigue now directed at the artist who made the drawing. She decides to leave the payment for later until she has what she requested for. Guinne motions for the artist to follow, despite excitement Rosette does so without sprawling. Through the halls of the ship the two walk to Guinne's cabin for modeling trial. To Rosette's surprise that the cabin was more of a luxury suite compared to her one-bed boarding.

Rosette came back into focus again and surveyed the room. She sees the carved hard-wood table and has Guinne lean against it while looking to the side. The scene was magic to Rosette's eyes. Pulling out her materials Rosette looks and captures her model's luster-like image into paper with sketching stride. Guinne becomes more and more eager with each passing minute as Rosette slows down her hand to a finishing stop.

Rosette takes a seat and reviews her drawing while Guinne walks over to see the accomplishment. Marveling at the artist's skill Guinne places her hands on Rosette's shoulders and expresses her praise and gratitude. Rosette thanks her model and asks if she could return the favor with more than just a compliment. Guinne suddenly and smoothly slides her hands down Rosette's chest and gives her a light kiss on the neck. Rosette knew what Guinne's advancing hands meant.

Heartbeats aloof in different styles. The model, her heart beating in eagerness, feeling around Rosette from behind like sculptor and statue. Slowly unsnapping the straps that hold the overalls and slipping them down to reveal Rosette's luscious mounds. The artist, heart beating in anticipation and agreement, entirely slips out of her clothes, baring a body born anew. Guinne lets up her caresses and comes into the artist's natural view while leaving a small scarlet pile behind the chair.

Guinne settles down on both knees and kisses between artist's upper thighs. Rosette shudders, unable to control the excitement secreting from her cunt. The model spreads Rosette's legs and kisses away at the source of the wetness ever still on the rise. Rosette moans and grips the chair arms as the model's tongue flicks away at her clit. From cunt lips to lips Rosette explodes into Guinne's mouth,a bittersweet prize.

Guinne carries on driving her tongue deep inside. Rosette enters a focused and notices another inspiration. Through the overwhelming pleasure of the model's tongue Rosette grabs her material and begins drawing the beauty between her thighs. Gasps, moans, and grunts escape the artist. As if making out with another pair of oral lips Guinne kisses hard into Rosette's cunt, tonguing around in a circle, lapping up low and high. The artist unwillingly drops her material and flows a river of pleasure down Guinne's throat.

Guinne ceases the oral pleasure and enjoys the taste of the artist by licking her lips. She stands to meet Rosette face to face, now lips to lips, giving the artist a taste of pleasure. Rosette returns the kiss in deeper passion and bliss. The couple break the kiss and Rosette, sliding off the chair, falls into the model's arms of passionate fire. On the floor do the two kiss and caress the general sensitivities of their partner's mounds and valleys between their hips. 

Rosette goes further, playing with Guinne's cunt and soaking it more. The model follows suit and soon the two share excitement with their fingers. The two motion well, fingers in and out of each other like a machine well oiled. In tandem do they moan a harmony through the suite, that seemingly to this day still lingers. The harmony lasts for a while until it turns to short screams of orgasmic enjoyment.

Sunlight slowly escapes the room as the day turns to night. The lovers lay side by side, both breathing heavily to the nooner affair. Rosette however reaches for her material, pencil and pad, then struggles onto all fours hovering over the model. Setting her material next to Guinne's body she adjusts herself to draw a memory of the model with red hair. Using her knee and thigh Rosette stimulates the model's cunt and drawing the gladdened expression that was presented. The artist was unrelenting until either she had the drawing she wanted or until the night covered their bodies bare.

Months later...

On the morning of festivities in a distant country, city museum held a grand opening of its newly created public art gallery, where chosen artists from around the world were free to unveil their works to the general person. Observers, critics, and those seeking inspiration came to view the artworks and their artists, but also to witness a contest were the judges measure all qualities of each work, and to approve winners of bronze, silver, and gold.

Before the awards ceremony had begun the museum council first thanked the people and organizations that donated to the construction of the gallery. One of the donations was highly recognized as it was given by a businesswoman who now owns the cruise ship "Eventide". Her donation was enough to cover half the construction costs. After the recognitions the ceremony was underway. Applaud and cheers were exuberant and many, but only for the bronze and silver awards. The gold award was to be presented to the artist of the "Scarlet Rosette", a painting of a red-haired woman leaning against a table and clad in a uniformed red bikini top and long flowing skirt, characterized by the different shades of red used to make up most of the painting.

Across the street from the gallery, in an apartment a couple of stories above the ground, the medley of moans and gasps were voiced out. Inside Rosette and Guinne were on a couch soaked with orgasm, rubbing cunts together in scissoring fashion. On the floor near Rosette was her pencil and pad awaiting to be used in the next beautiful capture of "Scarlet Rosette".