 The letter from her mother put Jennifer in such a foul mood that I just stayed away from her, focusing on homework and keeping the house clean. I tried to talk to her about it but just once. If she had been a dog, I really think she might have bitten me. 

I was reading over one of my assignments in the recliner when she came over to take it away from me. When I reached up to take it back, she was looking down at me with such a sweet, loving expression, I almost cried. She knelt down beside me and took my hand in hers.

"I'm sorry, Danni," she said. "It's nothing you did or said. I'm just not handling the letter right. I shouldn't be taking it out on you."

I knew that this had to end soon or our relationship would be in jeopardy. I couldn't let her mother to destroy us without even being there.

"Listen to me, Jenn," I said. "I know you're hurting right now, but you can't let your mother do this to you. You've got to be the one to take charge of the relationship with your mother."

"I know," she said. "It's just that you don't know my mom. She will never, ever, accept us. She's so damned judgmental."

"So don't tell her about me," I said. "Just tell her you're renting a room from a family to save money."

"It's so strange, Danni, but I swear, she knows every time I lie to her or hold out on her."

"Then you have to decide how much to tell her and how you're going to tell her," I said. 

"It's not that simple," she said. 

"Honey, yes it is. You're making it much harder than it has to be. You either tell her about us or you tell her you can't talk about it, one or the other. If you're going to tell her, then you need to be firm, but not mean, and tell her in such a way that she knows nothing she says is going to change your mind. If she can't accept you for what and who you are, nothing is going to change that."

"You're lucky," she said. "Your mom is an angel. You can talk to her about anything. Not my mom. My older sister hasn't been home in years. They talk on the phone all the time and they get along great, but if Mom goes after her about something, she just hangs up."

"Bingo," I said. 

"What do you mean, Bingo," she asked.

"Your sister and your mother get along because they don't come face to face. Your sister knows she can hang up at any time so she doesn't feel threatened. Instead of worrying about how things will go if you go home, call her. Find out why she wants you to come home, then you can choose what to say or what not to say. If she starts on you, tell her you won't talk to her if she won't listen, and if she won't, then you hang up."

"I think I might call my sister first," she said. "I want her to know anyway before she hears it from Mom or someone else."

"Use the phone in our room," I said. "I promise not to listen in."

"I love you," she said, leaning over to take my face in her hands to kiss me."

"I love you too, Jenn," I said, "Don't be afraid to stand up for yourself but don't allow yourself to lose control of the conversation. If you think you're losing control of it, hang up, wait a few minutes and call her back. 

"What if she won't talk to me?" she asked. 

"Then you wait a day or two and try again. Sooner or later she'll realize that you've been talking to your sister and she can't control you any more."

I hurt for her when she turned to go make the calls. I'd tried to simplify things but the truth is, I knew that one or both of them was going to get hurt in one way or another. I could only hope that any pain could be taken away with time or lots of love. 

When she came back into the room, her face was not a happy one. 

"What can I do, honey," I asked.

"Just hold me," she said.

She didn't want to cry but eventually, she had to give in. I just held her and continually told her it was going to be all right and that she should stop crying.

"I need to get out of here for a while," she said. 

"I'll be right here waiting when you come back," I said.

When I heard the door close, I allowed myself to cry, not for me, but for her. Knowing that I could do nothing to relieve the pain she felt left me with a deep hole in my heart. I'd never been in a situation like that and it made me appreciate my mother even more. 

I went to our bath and put out our best, fluffiest and biggest towels. Putting some of my Exotica bath gel and shampoo on the ledge, I added some of our favorite oils and lotions and lit two vanilla candles.

Then I made a sign to be placed on the table in a way she couldn't miss it. 

"SILENCE!" It said. "Please observe our no talking rule. You are to go to your room immediately without speaking until you are told."

I know my lover well enough to know that she'd know something is up but she'd do it anyway, so I waited until I heard the car in the drive before I ran the tub full of hot water. 

She walked into the room and into my arms where she was met with a rain of tender kisses as I started undressing her. When she started to say something, I silenced her with more kisses. When she was naked, I ushered her into the tub and once she was settled in, I dropped my robe to show her that I too was naked. She tried to get me into the tub with her but I wasn't ready to do that yet. I had her lean forward while I washed her beautiful hair, slowly, and lovingly sliding my fingers through it. While she was still leaning forward, I drizzled bath oil over her back and massaged her shoulders and neck before I let her lean back again. I finally got in and pulled her back to lay her head on my chest as I leaned back as far as I could go. Thank heavens my mom and dad love what they call soaking tubs. With the water up to her neck, we just lay there without speaking, letting the hot water soak into our bodies. 

"Whenever you feel stressed and worried, Jenn, I want you to remember the feeling you have right this second, and go there in your mind. Don't let anything else in there with you, just remember the warmth and peace of this moment. This is your world and no one can enter without your permission."

Instead of replying, she just snuggled deeper into me and looped her fingers through mine in a way that said she loved me. 

It wasn't until the water chilled that we left that world. I toweled her dry without any sexual overtures and wrapped her hair in a towel. Leading her to the bed, I laid her down with her head in my lap where I removed the towel to let wet hair caress my bare legs. I took my fingertips and closed her eyes as I reached for the hair brush to gently brush her hair into smooth, loose strands. When I kissed her forehead, she opened her eyes and mouthed "I love you." 

"I know," I said, "and I love you too. 

"I wish we could just run away," she finally said. "Maybe find an oasis in the middle of the desert with no phones, no nothing; just you and I."

"So let's do it," I said. 

"Don't be ridiculous," she said. 

"No," I said, "I'm serious. We can take a Saturday night and Sunday and find somewhere to be alone. It doesn't have to be a desert oasis, just somewhere away from all of this."

"Can we take our toys?" she asked. 

"Every one of them," I said. 

"What do we tell your mother?"."

I smiled at her. "Jenn, you're not thinking straight. It would give her the opportunity to be with her lover, whoever that is, without worrying about us finding out." 

"Maybe we should leave some toys for her," she said.

"Which ones do you suggest," I asked. "Not my little dynamite. That might drive her nuts."

"Isn't that the general idea?" she asked. 

"We could leave the small double dildo for her. Just in case she's seeing another woman."

"What small double dildo?" she asked. 

"Well, I ordered two just in case the one was too large."

"Really? Where is it?" she asked

I went to my closet to get it. It was just as long as the other one, but about a half inch smaller in diameter. 

"You can't let her use it until we're sure it works," she said, with an evil glint in her eye.

"What did you have in mind?" I asked, like I didn't already know. 

She got up and went to her dresser where the lube was. "I'm sure we can find something to do to test it," she said. 

She started to get on the bed, but then she turned around and straddled me in a sixty-nine. Laying the dildo aside, she kissed and licked my thighs to get me good and wet. I pulled her hips back to put her pussy over my face and put a pillow behind my head. Spreading her lips open, I laved my flat tongue over her pussy until the lips got puffy enough to slip my tongue between them. She followed my lead and soon, we both were well on our way to our first orgasm of the evening, but then she stopped and reached for the dildo. Still licking me, she pushed it into my pussy until it wouldn't go any further. When she started sliding in and out, I told her it was supposed to be used by us both, and reluctantly, she allowed me to get on my hands and knees, with the dildo still in my pussy. She got on her hands and knees and put it into her and we began to slowly work it in until we were almost cheek to cheek. 

It wasn't long before we were hammering each other's asses so hard it was difficult to stay in one place. It's a good thing Mom wasn't there, because we were both loud and demanding. As we approached our orgasms, our ass cheeks were slamming into each other faster and faster until she slammed and reached back to grab my thigh, holding me in place until she cried out in release. She hesitated just long enough to move through it and then helped me through mine. 

For several seconds, we kept it in us, moving slowly through an afterglow, but then she moved away from me to pull it out. Before I could think, she had it against my anus, and with a quick push, it was into me. Once she had it in deep, she pulled it out of herself and put it in her ass as well. 

I felt like it was in my tonsils when she began driving into me but it felt good once I got used to it being in me that far. If anything, that orgasm was as powerful as the first, and maybe more. We left it in and slowly lowered ourselves to the bed to recover. 

"Maybe we should leave the big one for her," Jenn finally said. She would get no argument from me. 

We hadn't been there long when the phone rang and I Knew it was Mom. She said she'd be late again and I decided to move things along a bit. 

"Why don't you spend the night?" I asked. "We're just fine."

"Not tonight," she said. "I'm bringing home some tiramisu to share so don't go to bed early. I should be home about eight or so."

I shrugged my shoulders as I put the phone down. "I guess we're having tiramisu at about nine," I said. "We probably ought to make some coffee if we can still walk."

"Give me an hour and you won't be able to," she promised. 

"We've got about forty-five minutes," I replied.

"That will work," she said, as she got up to dig in our toy box. I think she was looking for my little dynamite but I already had it under in my pillow case. She got one of my favorite twisters out and got back on the bed between my legs. "I'll have to clean you up first," she said, as she lowered her head. 

When my clit said it was too tender for much, she put vibe in me without turning it on, just sliding it slowly into me. The nasty bitch. I knew what she was up to and I worked my hand under the pillow to get my toy. I put it under my shoulder and lay back to enjoy a good orgasm. 

Between her tongue and that vibe, I was soon squirming and moaning. Of course, her finger found a way to get into my ass but that was no surprise and of course, I liked it. 

The familiar tug on my gut told me I had to hold on tight and she could feel it when I tightened my sphincter so she knew it was close. She turned on the vibe and just bumped my clit with every other stroke, but it was enough to really fire up my orgasm to the point that I had no choice but to let it take control of my body. I reached down to take a good hold on her hair as it built, intending to hold her there through the whole orgasm but at the last minute, my body decided to come off the bed and I had to throw my arms out with my hands fisted so tightly they almost hurt. 

I decided, once I could think again, that the little dynamite would have to go back in the pillowcase. I didn't have the energy to do anything at all. 

"We have to make coffee," she reminded me, once the afterglow was over.

"You go make coffee," I said. "I can't even think straight right now."

To my surprise, she actually did it. I mean, she didn't protest or anything, she just got up and left. I got up, went to the bathroom and cleaned myself up with a cool cloth, which helped ease my battered pussy. When I left the room, I could smell the coffee brewing.

Mom came in a little before eight and went right to her bedroom. About twenty minutes later, she walked into the kitchen, carrying the tiramisu from Bocceli's Italian restaurant. 

She handed the dessert to Jenn and went to pour coffee. "This smells so good," she said. "I'm glad you thought of it."

"It just seemed the perfect thing to have with dessert," I said. 

Once we were all eating, I thought I might try something.

"We're thinking about going somewhere for a weekend getaway," I said.

"Oh? Where are you going?" she asked.

"I don't know. It doesn't have to be anywhere special, just something different. That would give you a chance to spend the weekend with your friend too."

She flushed brightly and didn't reply.

"Are you ever going to trust us enough to tell us something about them?"

"It's not that I don't trust you, honey, I just..."

"It's all right, Mom," I said. "As long as you're happy, nothing else matters."

"I think I am," she said. "It's just that it's been so long now and getting back into the dating thing wasn't easy. I just wasn't sure it was what I wanted."

"Are you sure now?" I asked.

"I think so. Actually, I'm pretty sure it is."

"Then I'm happy for you."

"You both know her," she said. 

Jenn and I looked at each other and grinned. 

"Where do we know her from?" I asked. 

She got up to get more coffee, and with her back to us, she continued her story. 

"When you were in the hospital, I spent many, many nights by your bed, sleeping in the recliner. It was a long, lonely vigil and it was nice when I could talk to someone, share some coffee with them, let them hold me when I cried. It was a very emotional time for me and I had no one to turn to for support so I guess it was natural that after the first two weeks, we became friends."

She came back to sit at the table, turning her cup nervously in her hands. 

"The day we got the word that you were going to make it, I almost collapsed in relief. I sat and cried and suddenly, her arms were around me and we were holding to each other. I think I felt something even then, but as I said, I was such an emotional basket case that I didn't accept it as anything more than friendship. When I got ready to leave, she was waiting in the lobby for me. We went to Carpacio's for coffee and a late lunch and when I got ready to leave, she followed me out to the car. 

For whatever reason, the car wouldn't start. Maybe it was a sign, I don't know, but she offered to take me home. When we got here, I put the coffee on, and we sat here talking about what I could expect and things like that. About an hour or so later, I was cleaning up, and I felt her arms go around me. She started kissing my neck and my shoulders as she held me and well, you can figure out the rest. She wound up in bed with me until I had to go back to the hospital. We were together quite a few times but when you came home, we couldn't find a way to get together so we just called each other and met for coffee but it wasn't enough for either of us. That's when we started making time together. She transferred to days, which she despises, just so we could have the evenings together."

"You still haven't told us who she is," I pressed her.

"Eileen Wilkinson," she said. 

"Oh my god," we both said at once. "Eileen?"

"I never suspected she was a lesbian," Jennifer said. 

"I don't know that she was, before," Mom said. "I never asked her but she didn't seem all that experienced when we went to bed the first time. We never discussed it, and it didn't seem to make a difference. We managed just fine."

"God, Mom, she's beautiful," I said. "I remember her. She always had such a beautiful smile for me and she used to sing to me when she was in the room. It was such a sweet song, almost like a lullaby."

"I've heard her sing it," Mom said, "and you're right. She is quite beautiful. At least I think so."

"Does she know about us?" Jennifer asked. 

"Of course," Mom said. "We talk about the two of you a lot. When we're lying together afterwards, we lock our fingers together and I told her I'd seen the two of you do it when you sit in the living room."

"So why don't you have her over?" I asked. "You know, we aren't going to say anything that might upset her."

"We talked about it tonight," she said. "She wanted me to talk to you both first. That's one of the reasons I came home earlier tonight. She'll be here Saturday for lunch on the patio. I was wondering if the two of you could do some barbecue or something for me."

"Of course," I said. 

"That would be fun," Jennifer said. "It's supposed to be a beautiful day too."

"You don't have to do a lot of work, just something as simple as burgers would be fine," she said. "We just want the time to talk to you."

"Do you love her?" I asked. She just shrugged her shoulders. 

"God, Mom, I am so happy for you.

"Me too," Jenn said. "Imagine; Elaine and Mom together. Wow."

As we sat, going over the plans for the cook-out, Mom reached over to take Jennifer's hands in hers. 

"Thank you," she said. 

"You're welcome, I'm sure, but what are you thanking me for?"

"For calling me Mom," she said. "It made me realize how much we've come to mean to each other and how grateful I am to have you in our lives."

"I didn't even think about it," Jenn said, "but I've thought of you that way for a long time. Besides, I pretty much lost my mom today for all intents and purposes."

For the next fifteen minutes, she told Mom what had happened and Mom assured her that she wasn't lost, just confused. She told her to be patient, but firm and eventually, she'd come around. 

That night, when we went to bed, we were so excited I forgot all about the toy in my pillowcase, but I knew it would be put to good use in the very near future.