 Friday was a day of surprises. First, Jenni got a call from her mother that wasn't full of negativity and accusations.

She came out of the room, walking over to sit on the couch next to me, a smile on her beautiful face. 

"Don't you dare say I told you so," she said. 

I just grinned and never looked up from my book.

"That's almost as bad," she said. "I still haven't said anything about us, but the rest of it seems to be a little better. At least we aren't fighting."

"I still can't get this whole thing with Mom and Elaine straight in my head," I said. 

"It is sort of strange, isn't it," she said, "but I don't really know her all that well. I don't think we ever had a shift together or anything like that. She is a beautiful woman, don't you think?"

"She looks quite a bit younger than Mom, not that it's a problem or anything."

"Maybe a few years, but not more than five. You're mom's what, thirty-eight? I'd but her at maybe three, four years younger than that."

"I was trying to picture her body," I said, "but I don't remember her wearing anything other than her nurse's outfit and they're nothing special."

"Now that you've mentioned it, I haven't either. Care to guess?"

I put my book down and closed my eyes. "I'm guessing five-six or seven, light brown hair, brown eyes, about a 34 or 36C." 

"I think you're about right, but you can't tell about her breast size from what she wore. She might be a D. She's about my height, so that puts her at five-six or so , and I'd say a little on the slender side."

"We'll have to ask Mom to be sure," I said. 

"Oh yeah," she said, "I can hear that conversation now. "Hey Mom, how big are Elaine's boobs, and are her nipples as big as Jenni's? Oh, and is she good in bed?"

"You can ask her," I said.

A while later, Mom called to let us know not to wait up for her. No big deal, right? Except that about twenty minutes after we went to bed, I heard her come in and she wasn't alone. I nudged Jenni and we sat up in silence to see if we could hear them but they were whispering to each other and all we heard was an occasional giggle, and then Mom's bedroom door closed very carefully. I could almost visualize the scene in there as they got naked and tried to be very quiet as they made love. Her bed squeaks so we knew it was fun and games time.

Jenni got up and went to the bathroom but when she came back, she was grinning and I knew she was up to something. She flipped the sheet back and got between my legs to raise my legs so high my ass was off the bed. We both sleep naked, of course, so she didn't have to take anything off when she bent down and started eating me. Did I resist? Don't be silly. Besides, she had her arms around both of my legs so what could I do? 

I could scream, it turns out, even if it was into a mouthful of pillow. The little witch had found my little dynamite and without letting my legs down, she began tapping my clit with it while she continued licking me from my anus to my clit. In minutes, I was trying to twist away from the monster orgasm she found deep inside, but that wasn't about to happen. Even if Mom and Elaine had been noisy, we wouldn't have known. With her ears covered by my legs, and my battle with my orgasm, we couldn't have heard anything. 

I guess it must have wiped me out because the next thing I was conscious of was Jenni getting up to go to the bathroom in the morning. When she came out, she was grinning ear to ear. 

"That was just a loan, you know," I said. "I pay back with interest."

"You can't make me come any harder than you did, baby," she said, "but what the hell, you're welcome to try."

I did my thing in the bathroom, put my robe on and went to make coffee. When I opened the door though, I smelled fresh coffee and knew that either Mom or Elaine or both of them, were up already. 

Elaine sat at the kitchen table so I said "good morning," and went to pour our coffee, since Jenni would be right behind me. As I stood there, Elaine came over to stand beside me. 

"I remember standing over you and thinking how beautiful you were and how unfair life was to put you in that bed, unconscious for day after day. I used to brush your hair in the middle of the night and sing to you, but I never knew you heard me sing until your mother told me."

"It was a nice song," I said, turning to put my back against the counter. "I think it made me sleep better."

"Mary told me she talked to both of you about us, but I wondered how you really felt."

"As long as she's happy, that's all that counts," I said. "Just promise me you won't hurt her."

"I could never do that," she said. "I'm not saying we're madly in love, Danni, but I think we might be. We have to get beyond the sex to know for sure, but we're good together. We actually dated several times before we really slept with each other, but you and Jennifer both know it takes time to build a true relationship and all I ask is that you give me that time. It's what we asked of each other when we knew we wanted to be together. Your mom's an awesome woman, Danni, and I'll never forget how lucky I am to be with her."

"I know the feeling," I said, as Jenni walked over to take her coffee. I put my arm around her and held her close. "I feel the same way."

"Good morning, Jennifer," Elaine said. 

"Not until I've had my first coffee," Jenni said. "Ask Danni. She knows what a bear I can be."

"You're just a big faker," I said, "even though I want to chain you up some mornings."

"It's too early for kinky," she replied, moving over to sit at the table. 

Mom walked up and took me in her arms to kiss my forehead. "Sorry," she said. "It was a last minute decision." 

"No problem," I said. "It just made our night that more interesting."

"I wasn't sure you heard us come in," she said.

"You were being careful, but we still heard you and what happened later got Jenni so horny she tried to kill me."

"Glad to be of service," she said. "Good morning, Jennii."

"Morning, Mom," Jenni said. 

I offered to make breakfast, and Elaine asked if she could help. I looked over at Jenni and she sort of nodded into her coffee so I agreed. We worked well together. I made the omelets while she browned the sausage and made the toast. Jenni got up to dish up some of the fruit we'd cut up the night before and make some more coffee. 

After breakfast, Jenni and I went to shower and get dressed, leaving Elaine and Mom to talk without us there.

"What do you think?" Jenni asked, as we showered together. 

"Did you see those hooters of hers?" I asked. "She didn't even try to close her robe much before she came in. I don't know how big they are, but damn, they look fine from what I could see."

"What are you doing looking at another woman's hooters?" she asked.

"Comparison shopping, what else?"

"I'll poke your eyes out," she said. 

"No you won't," I said, pulling her down for a kiss, "because you know I love you too much to cheat on you."

"You always know just what to say," she said, returning my kiss and adding a few of her own.

When we went back out to do the dishes, they were already done and put away. Maybe it was a good thing to have Mom so happy. Besides, if Elaine were to spend some time with her at our house, the fringe benefits of their love making might make for some intense lovemaking sessions of our own. 

Jenni and I started getting the stuff ready for the cookout, while Elaine and Mom went to the store for something to drink other than iced tea with our meal. Knowing my mother, they would also find something for dessert at the same time. I put the cooler out and called Mom on her cell phone to have her bring a bag or two of ice with her but she'd already picked it up. 

Jenni has her own little concoction for burgers, making them from a combination of beef, chicken and pork sausage. Of course, she also makes them bigger than most people, but they sure smelled good on the grill. We also did grilled veggies and a salad and by the time they got back, we were almost ready to serve. 

The meal was fantastic and we were having a lot of fun when Elaine asked if she could get some sun back by the garage, where the trees didn't shade everything. Mom said it was a good idea and they went in to find some bikinis to wear so Jenni and I set up the chaises and dug out lotion and towels. 

"I can't wait to see her in a bikini," I said.

"Actually," she said, 'I can't wait to see them both in bikinis," she said. "I bet your mom is hot in one."

"Now who's window shopping?" I asked. 

"What's fair for the goose is fair for her lover," she said. 

When they came out of the house, we watched them; no, we stared at them as they got settled onto the chaises. 

"D," I said. "Definitely a D."

"Absolutely," she agreed, "but your mom is a good solid C."

"I'd never paid any attention before," I said, "but you're right, and I didn't notice a lot of bounce from either of them."

"Nice asses too," she said. 

"Oh shut up," I said. 

"Well?"

"Ok, they're nice and firm and all but yours is better and cuter too."

"You're just prejudiced," she said. 

That night, she stayed over again and we waited for some loud lovemaking but the most we got was one loud orgasm from one of them. It was enough to get us going though and I got out the slim dildo. We didn't even pretend to use it in our pussies and instead, used vibes along with the dildo in our ass to get us both off and this time I didn't try to muzzle my orgasm and neither did Jenni. Ass to ass, we held the dildo deep inside as we calmed and slowly slid it in and out through the afterglow. Wrapped in each other's arms later, we talked about the situation and how it might affect our relationship if anything at all. We decided it wouldn't impact on us at all unless Elaine were to move in with Mom and even then we weren't sure what would happen. 

"All we have to do is hold it together until I get out of school," she said. "Then we can get a place of our own if things aren't right here."

"Then we can run around naked as much as we want," I declared. 

"And make love as often and whenever we want, anywhere in the house," she said. 

The following weekend, she stayed Friday night again and we were to get a special treat. 

Saturday morning, we were up before they were and after making coffee, I went in to get dressed, but a few seconds later, Jenni came in and grabbed my arm to pull me into the hall. She put her finger to her lips to silence me as we moved toward Mom's room. She pointed to the door and I noticed that it wasn't even close to being closed. Right in front of us, in full living color, Elaine stood in front of the mirror, brushing her hair, stark naked. 

Definitely a solid D cup to be sure, and quite firm. She had the slightest bit of a pooch in front, but to my surprise, there wasn't the slightest sign of pubic hairs. She either shaved or was waxed, one or the other because her slit was completely clear of hair. Jenni pulled me away before Elaine saw us.

"Wow," I said. "That is one fine woman."

"No shit," she said, "and did you see those nipples? God, they made me drool."

"Down girl, they aren't available." I said. "They did look tasty though, didn't they?"

"I don't think I've ever seen nipples that long before," she said.

"I can't get over that clean slit," I said.

"Have you ever thought about doing that?" she asked. 

"No," I said. "Have you?" 

"Not really. It must itch like hell when it grows back."

"I guess you have to shave it often enough that it doesn't really have time to itch or maybe there's something you can put on it to stop it from itching."

"I don't know," she said. 

"It's something to think about," I said. "Too bad we can't ask Elaine about it."

"I know," she said, "but then she'd know we were watching her."

"That would be awkward," I said. 

Elaine took us out for dinner that night, just to thank us for understanding, she said. 

As we ate our dinners, Mom saw someone she hadn't seen for a long time and excused herself to talk to them. 

Elaine put her fork down and leaned forward. "Did you girls get a good look this morning?"

"Oh my god," Jenni said. "We didn't know...I mean we weren't..."

"Weren't what, Jenni, staring? Of course you were. I intended for you to see me naked."

"Why?" I asked. 

"Because, Danni, she said, I am not ashamed of this body. I've worked my ass of to get it and I love it when somebody stares at me. I probably should have been a nudist but as it is, I'm just a blatant exhibitionist."

"I guess I just don't understand that," Jenni said.

"Neither does Mary," she said, but I'm working on her. I don't believe we were meant to hide our bodies away. Not if we take care of them. Your mother thinks her body is ugly and it's not. I think it's beautiful and I wish she'd stop hiding it."

"Good luck with that one," I said. 

"I'm a patient woman," she said.

"We were wondering,..." I said. 

"Danni, no, not here," Jenni said. 

"Why not? No one is listening to us."

"I guess we'll ask you when we get home," I said.

We went to our room when we got home, but a few minutes later, she and Mom both came in to sit on the bed. All of a sudden, it didn't seem to be important any more. 

"I think you wanted to talk to us about something," Elaine said.

"Actually, it was you we wanted to talk to," I said. 

Mom started to leave, but Elaine pulled her back to the bed. "I'd rather you ask us both," she said. 

I looked at Jenni for some sign of support but she had her head down, pretending she didn't know me or something. 

"I didn't mean I didn't want to talk to Mom," I said, "it's just that I don't think Mom would know the answers."

"Why don't you try us?" she said.

"It's just that we've never known any one who shaved, you know, down there."

"Sure you do" she said. Your mother is as smooth a newborn baby's bottom."

"Oh wow," Jenni said. "I wouldn't have suspected that."

"What did you want to know about it?" Elaine asked.

"Just how it feels and how long it lasts, stuff like that," I said.

Before we could say another word, Elaine stood and dropped her skirt and of course, she wasn't wearing any panties. The next thing I knew, she took my hand to rub my fingers over her clean shaven pubis. 

"Elaine!" Mom screamed. "For god's sake, have you lost your mind?"

"Why would you say that?" Elaine asked.

"Damn it Elaine," Mom said, "I don't think the girls have even seen me naked, but they saw you naked this morning and you convinced me it was no big deal, that you're used to having people see your body."

"Yes, I am," Elaine said. "I believe the body is one of the most amazing things in the world, especially a woman's body. I don't hide it but I don't flaunt it either."

"Now," Mom continued, "You take Danni's hand and rub yourself. What does that say to her?"

"It says I shave but so do you. Would you rather she felt you instead? That's what she wanted to know, Mary, she wanted to know how it felt."

"Couldn't you just tell her?" she asked.

"Mary, are you most upset that I let her touch me there, or that it was Danni instead of Jenni?" Elaine asked.

"Don't be ridiculous," Mom said.

"Mary, I'm serious. She didn't finger me, she didn't even touch my slit, honey."

"She shouldn't even see you that close up."

"Oh for god's sake, Mary. They're lovers. They've seen their pussies up close, tasted them licked them, sucked them and who knows what else. Do you really think they saw anything they haven't seen before?"

"That's different," Mom insisted.

"No,honey, it's not different. We don't agree on nudity I know, but what I did was not for sensationalism or seduction."

"I don't think you should have done it at all," Mom said.

"Danni, if I offended you, I deeply apologize," Elaine said.

"You surprised me, Elaine, but you didn't offend me. You showed me what I wanted to know," I said.

"It's just that...." Mom said.

"Honey,I know," Elaine said, taking Mom's hand in hers. "I understand. I'm sorry that we don't agree on everything, but we never will agree on everything, Mary. I would never do anything that would affect either of the girls in a bad way, and I'm trying, I'm really trying to be what you want me to be or something we can both accept. I'm sorry I upset you. That's not why I did it and I refuse to be ashamed of it."

"I don't want you to be ashamed, honey. I guess I just have to get used to you. I'm old fashioned or whatever."

"Honey, it's just the way you were raised, that's all." She said.

As we left the room, Jenni literally dragged me out the back door and behind the pool house.

"What did it feel like?" she asked.

"Like a real smooth pussy," I replied.

"So what were you thinking when she pushed your hand there?"

"That I liked the way it felt," I said. "I wanted to feel it some more but Mom sure put the stop to that, didn't she?"

"What do you mean you wanted to feel more?" she asked.

"Just what I said. I wanted more. I wanted to find out what her ass felt like too."

"You're not available," she said.

"I'm not fucking her," I said, "I just want to feel her, maybe more, I don't know. She's hot."

"Your mom is hot too, but you don't see me groping her," she said.

"I'd be jealous, but go ahead, if you want to," I said. "I have no problem with that. 

"No, wait," she said, "you'd be jealous if I groped your mother? Are you saying you'd make love to your own mother?"

"Well not now," I said, "but if we weren't together I would. Of course she'd never let it happen, but if the situation were just right, and I was really horny I would."

"Oh-my-god. You are such a pervert," she said. 

"I'm sure Mom would agree with you," I said, "but I don't think Elaine wouild, do you?"

"I'm still trying to figure her out," she said. "Do you think she'd cheat on your mother?"

"No," I said, "but if Mom said it was okay, I think she'd have you naked and on the floor before you knew what she was doing."

"Why would your mother say it was okay?"

"I'm not saying she would," I said, "but what if she wanted to try something different herself? What if she wanted you, for instance?"

"Oh, this is just getting too weird," she said.

"Seriously," I said. "What if she came through that door right now and said "Jenni, I can't stand this. I need to fuck you right now and eat you till you scream."

"Oh my god, Danni, she would never do that."

"But what if she did?"

"You wouldn't stop me?" she asked. "That kind of hurts, Danni. I mean aren't we supposed to be a couple, two women in love?"

"Yes, but I'm not talking about falling in love with her, I'm talking about fucking her silly and telling me about so I get all hot and bothered and I fuck you even harder. Or maybe I'd just watch."

"You're serious aren't you?" she said. "Oh my god, you are. You're serious. Look at the look on your face. You are so aroused right now, if we weren't out in the open, you would take me right now."

"That doesn't have to stop me, Jenni," I said. "Tell me you don't want me right now. Tell me you're not dripping wet thinking about it."

She looked around to be sure no one could see us and she dragged a chaise around the building and literally threw me onto it, almost ripping my clothes off. In fact, the shirt I had on was ripped from top to bottom.

"You're making love to Mom," I whispered when she locked her lips on my nipple. "You know you've been wanting her for a longtime, baby. Now's your chance. She's naked and hot for you. Show her how much you want her. Her pussy is wet...so very wet and her nipples are throbbing they're so hard. Oh god, baby, that's the way. I've been dreaming of you fucking me for a long time now. My pussy is so hot for you, so hungry for your fingers in me. Don't keep me waiting baby, fuck me. I'm ready for a good hard fucking. Don't make we wait. Oh god, don't make me wait."
