 I remember asking Mom and Elaine about being shaved and I remember running my fingers over Elaine's mound while she pressed my fingers into her. I remember Jenni forgetting that we were partners and letting me make a fool of myself. I don't remember agreeing to go to the salon with them to get a Brazilian wax but I'm lying here, watching Elaine stare at my body, naked from the waist down while I wait for the woman. I don't mind, I suppose, but I'm getting a tingle down there that wants my attention.

I also remember the woman handing Elaine a tube of some sort of cream, which she proceeded to rub into me everywhere, and I do mean everywhere including deep into the crease of my ass. She seemed to enjoy putting it into my slit and to tell you the truth, so did I. 

When the woman came back, she cleaned me everywhere while I held my legs up and then she let me put my legs down while she trimmed the hair close all over. Once she was done, she put the hot wax over the top of my pubic hair. When it cooled, she pulled the hairs out with a sharp snap. It burned like a sun burn for a second, but my attention was directed to the wax she applied to the next part. I have to admit that I got used to the pain until she did the inner lips of my pussy. Now THAT will get your attention. When she got to that part, Elaine lifted my legs high again and spread them wide so she could get into the cheeks of my ass.

When it was over, she rubbed a soothing crème into me, and gave me a little booklet on how to take care of it. She also sold me almost twenty bucks worth of shit. I had Elaine go next door to tell Jenni not to buy the stuff.

Then she said no sex for twenty-four to forty-eight hours. What the hell, I'm so irritated down there I wouldn't have tried anyway.

When we got home, we went to our room to check each other out and I couldn't wait to run my tongue over her smooth flesh.

"I guess we both got personal attention," she said. "Was Elaine as thorough as your mother?"

"At least," I said. "Do we get to return the favor next week when they have their appointment?"

"It would seem fair, wouldn't it?" she asked 

"Fair and highly unlikely," I replied. 

I fully expected some sort of comment or explanation from one or both of them but it was like nothing ever happened, although I did notice them whispering to each other as they waited for us to pay the bill. 

With our busy schedules, we hardly even saw either of them the next couple of days and sex wasn't even a consideration although there was some pretty heavy petting action before we fell asleep at night, checking out the status of our bald pussies. 

The night finally arrived and we planned on an all night sex-a-thon until Jenni started her period three days early. It didn't stop me from gobbling her breasts until she couldn't stand it any more, and rubbing over her clit till she screamed. It certainly didn't stop her from eating me raw and fingering me to three loud orgasms until I begged her to stop.

I don't really enjoy sex without her so we just tap danced around it till the second day of her period. She was having a bad day so she took a shower and went to bed. I gave her some pills for the cramps and kept her supplied with hot wet towels, which she pressed to her stomach, and back rubs. That night, when I thought she was asleep, I went into the bathroom with my dynamite toy and proceeded to masturbate my way to pleasure land. I was interrupted when she came into the bathroom and took my toy away from me. She scared hell out of me and my body complained loudly about having its fun taken away. She took my hand and led me into the bedroom where she lay me on the bed face down. 

Spreading my legs, she pushed two fingers into me and started fucking me slowly. A few minutes later, I felt her knocking at my back door with the head of a dildo which she pushed in deep. Alternating between her fingers and the dildo, she brought me close before flipping me on my back, with the dildo still in my ass, to start eating me while she moved the dildo around. She brought me close again and stopped and I felt my little dynamite tap my clit while she sucked on irritated flesh around it. The orgasm wasn't fast. I think it might have been a bit less powerful if it was. Just as it hit, she held the toy directly on my clit and rammed the dildo in hard. I doubt that surgery would hurt any more than that orgasm. I swear, my spine tied itself in knots and my anus wound up somewhere around my navel, and she wouldn't stop until I screamed at her. 

All through the afterglow, my muscles quivered and my pussy pulsed with sexual release. 

When the kisses and caresses ended, the bed was so wet with come that we had to strip it before we could even think about sleeping in it.

Nothing was said about the fondling we got at the salon and to tell you the truth, I didn't know what to say anyway. 

Several times during the week, we caught glimpses of Mom's breasts and one time we saw everything when her robe was left open. 

"Have you noticed that Mom is wearing some pretty fancy panties?" Jenni asked me, as we got coffee one morning.

"I really like the yellow boy shorts she wore yesterday," I said. "I might get some of those for a certain love of my life." 

"If you do, you'll have to take them off with your teeth the first time I wear them," she said. "That's a new rule."

"Maybe I won't buy them after all," I said, teasingly, as the thought of doing that sent my libido flying. 

We weren't treated to any hot sex sounds coming from Mom's room and I remembered that they both got waxed Friday so they wouldn't be able to do much. 

Saturday morning, I went to get coffee and found Elaine staring out the kitchen window with a cup in her hand.

"Good morning" I said. "Need a refill?"

"Sure," she said, turning to face me. "How was your night?"

"Uneventful," I replied, "Yours?"

"About the same," she said. "What did you think of your first Brazilian wax?"

"It wasn't as bad as I thought it would be, thanks to your help," I said, alluding to her application of the prep cream.

"I shouldn't have taken that liberty," she said, "but when Sandy asked me to give you the cream and tell you how to use it, I just figured what the hell. It's hard to put on certain areas of your own body. She usually does it for me but she had three clients at the same time."

"It didn't bother me," I lied, "Just surprised me is all."

"It should last you about three or four weeks," she said. "Make sure you make an appointment at least two weeks in advance, honey, because she's one of the best so she's really busy."

"Did you go Friday?" I asked.

"Yeah," she said, "we went right after I got off work. I just love the way I feel once the sting wears off."

"I do too," I admitted, setting her coffee in front of her. 

"Jennifer sleeping in?" she asked. 

"I guess." I said. "She barely stirred when I got up. It's been a rough week for her what with her period and her workload. I'll be glad when my therapy ends this week. That will take a lot off for her. We studied till about one this morning. This will be her last year in school and once that's over with, she might have a chance to cut back some."

"Is she going to increase her hours at the hospital then?" she asked. 

"She hasn't said anything about it, but she might. We're hoping that we can find a place of our own after that. I love living with Mom and seeing you on weekends, but sooner or later we have to step out on our own."

"Just take your time, honey and be sure you're really ready for the bills and the responsibilities that go with independence."

"Jenn and I talk about it a lot and I think we'll be ready when the time comes. She's been buying some stuff and putting it in the storage unit where her stuff is. We have some furniture and small appliances already."

"What do we talk about?" Jenni asked, stumbling into the kitchen. 

"Getting off on our own some day," I said. "Are you feeling all right? You've never slept this late before."

"I'm fine," she said. "For some reason I couldn't get to sleep last night. I kept reviewing my homework in my mind over and over again. I just lay there watching you breathe."

"You should have kissed me awake," I said. "I'd have found a way to help you relax, I'm sure."

"And you'd have been as cranky as I feel this morning. As appealing as the idea is, I'll save you the grief."

"Sit down, honey, and I'll get some coffee," Elaine said. She poured a cup and put in front of her, then started another pot.

"Where's Mom," I asked.

"She took a sleeping pill last night so she'll sleep for a while."

"We all need to get out of here," Jenni said. "Go somewhere nice and quiet and peaceful. I think we're getting burned out or something."

"I can make a suggestion," Elaine said. "I've got a cottage on Lake Adell. It's not much, but it's real private. No beach, but there's a sandy place to get some sun and you can swim off the dock. I used to have a boat but I sold it because I didn't have anyone to share it with."

"Has Mom seen it?" I asked.

"I haven't even told her I had it. Things have been so hectic that it never crossed my mind. There's not a lot we'd have to take with us. I'd just have to turn the electricity on but I can do that from here. It's an automated program so I can do it on the phone. "

"God, that sounds so great," I said. "Do you think Mom will agree to it?"

"I think she'd jump at the chance to get away, but we'll have to wait till she wakes up to find out for sure."

"I'm not agreeing to anything till I get coffee," Mom said, as she stumbled into the kitchen. 

"Sit down, honey," Elaine said. "I'll pour the coffee. Do you want some toast?"

"No, I want an omelet and a grapefruit," she said. 

"We're thinking of going to Lake Adell," I said. "Elaine has a cottage up there."

"Are there any omelets and grapefruit there?" she asked.

"No," Elaine said, "but if we hurry, we can stop at The Nook to get some on the way."

Mom groaned, but got up to take her coffee into the bedroom, mumbling something about taking a shower. 

Jenni and I showered together and dug out our bikinis in case we decided to go swimming. Elaine made up a list of what we'd need and we scrambled around, getting what we could from the house and making up a shopping list of things to pick up on the way.

Less than an hour later, we were on our way, happy for the chance to break out of the rut we'd been living in.

Elaine drove because she had a nice SUV and she knew just how to get there. We both fell asleep for a few minutes but woke up when we stopped to do our shopping and to get some breakfast. It was just after one o'clock when we saw the lake for the first time.

Like a jewel sparkling in the sun, we spotted it as we crested a hill about five minutes before we got to the cottage. From that vantage point, you couldn't tell anything about its size, but the sight of that crystal blue water brightened our whole day.  

Elaine had been a bit modest when she said it 'wasn't much' though. The first thing you see when you pull in the drive is the screened porch that covers the front of the cottage, overlooking the lake. The lawn, what there was of it, was overgrown and ugly but the flowers that bordered it were beautiful and their fragrance was enticing. I wanted to just pick a handful and rub them over my whole body. 

When we got out of the car, I looked back toward the lake and saw what she meant by private. A thick row of trees blocked the view of the road completely and in front of the trees were tall shrubs that finished the job. The only way anyone could see the cottage at all was from across the lake and that had to be a good half mile away.

The cottage consisted of what she called the 'great room' which combined the living room and dining room. A beautiful stone fireplace was centered in the one wall, with a thick rug between it an                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                d a three piece sectional with a long table in front of it.

There was a fairly nice sized kitchen with a pantry, and a half bath on the first floor. Upstairs, there were three bedrooms with a full bath and shower. 

She told us that it used to be a year round residence until she bought it from some friends. All I knew was that I wished it could be mine. 

We made up the beds and plugged in the fridge and the microwave. Then we started unloading the car. An hour later, we went to the porch to catch our breath. Out on the lake, a speedboat was throwing a wake high into the air and I could almost feel the wind blowing over their faces. 

"So what do you think?" she asked. 

Mom just lay back and moaned. 

"I think I need a job where I could work here," Jenni said. "I'd be naked all the time so I could feel that breeze coming off the lake."

"You keep talking like that," she said, "and I'll think of something."

"All right, you two," Mom warned. "Might I remind you that you're both spoken for?"

"You worry too much," Elaine said, but she blew her a kiss.

I guess I must have dozed off because when I woke up, it was getting dark. The lake now looked like a pool of dark blue ink and the sky was in the waning part of sunset. One by one, I saw lights turn on in the cottages across the lake and the only sounds were birds that were settling for the night. 

I looked over at the others and noticed that Mom and Elaine had gone into the cottage, perhaps for their first adventure there. 

Jenni was stirring but her eyes were still closed. I just looked at her and realized how lucky I was to have someone that beautiful in love with me. The rise and fall of her breasts told me that she was still asleep, but then I noticed that she took a deeper breath, pushing those long nipples into the fabric of her tee shirt. 

I slid my chair next to hers and turned until I could reach her. I moved my fingers over the crotch of her shorts, pressing it into her. She whimpered without waking, so I did it again and again until I slipped a finger into the leg and caressed her panty clad slit several times. 

"If you stop now, you die," she said. I had no intention of stopping.

"I want you naked," I said.

"Here? What if they come back?"

"If they do, they do," I said. "We've seen each other naked already."

"But not while we were having sex," she said. 

"I don't care," I said. "I want you now."

She pulled her shirt over her head and I unfastened her shorts. Pulling them off, I took her panties with the shorts and she was completely naked. I put cushions on the arms of the chair and lifter her legs up to spread them wide, letting them hang down on either side of the chair. She lifted herself up so I could put cushions under her and I put one on the floor to kneel on. Once we were situated, I licked and sucked on her thighs while my finger rubbed over her clit to get it aroused and ready. 

With her clit standing out, I slipped the hood back and licked over it. She twisted in the chair and mewled as I licked, sucked and kissed it while I worked two fingers into her.  I didn't want her to come fast, just hard so I took my time, using my left hand to reach up, taking her nipple in my fingers to tug and twist it. 

When she was moaning and whimpering loudly, I let go of her nipple and worked my left hand under her to slip my finger tip into her ass. I slid it deep and held it there, knowing that once she got close, her squirming would move it around for me. 

I strengthened the attack on her clit, sucking it hard and holding it in my mouth as my tongue moved over its tip. Her hands were pulling my face into her but her body was thrusting into my head. As she got close, I bit her clit and rammed me fingers into her hard and deep. I felt her tighten on my fingers and held on to her as she whipped her pussy into me in orgasm. Her thighs were clamped around my head and I tasted her cream just before she cried out, fucked my face a few times and relaxed back into the chair.

I left my fingers in and licked her clean until she pushed my head away. 

I got up and lifted her up to kiss her and hold her while she calmed. We finally turned to head into the house and got a shock.

Mom and Elaine were standing in the doorway, with smiles on their faces.