 Just to remind everyone of where we were, Jenni and I are standing on a darkened porch. Jenni is naked from the waist down and my face is covered with her juices, and we just discovered that Mom and Elaine were watching us from the doorway. 

"Mom, what the hell?" I screamed.

"I tried to warn you," Jenni said. 

"How long have you been watching us?" I asked.

"Long enough to want more," Elaine said. 

"It was an accident, honey," Mom said. "We weren't spying on you."

"I guess it doesn't really matter now, does it?" Jenni said. "You saw what you saw and nothing changes that."

"I suppose not," Mom agreed. 

"You may not have been spying," I said, "but your timing was perfect to see me getting my face washed."

"I just wish I had a camera to capture it," Elaine said. Actually, we were hoping you might have brought some toys. 

I looked over at Jenni, and we both broke up in laughter. 

"There's not much else you haven't seen," Jenni said, "I guess you might as well see our toy collection."

Sitting in the living room with our toys spread out on the table, we were like the women at a toy party. Elaine had a toy that got our attention, a double ended strap-on that she said was much better than a normal double ended dildo in that the penetration was deeper and more controllable. We decided to take that one for a test drive.

We were discussing relative merits of the usual toys when Jenni asked me where "Dynamite" was. I'd forgotten that it was in my make-up bag. I passed it to Mom and when she held it to her palm and turned it on, she dropped it. 

"Oh my god, that is so fast," she said. 

"Let me see it," Elaine said. She picked it up off the couch and pressed it to her palm.

"Oh, I like that," she said. "That's a toy that is all business."

I guess we should have expected it from Elaine, but we weren't quite prepared when she slipped her pajama shorts off and spread her legs, exposing her pussy to everyone in the room. From the first touch of the toy to her pussy, she was gone. She yelped and pulled away from the toy, but then she scooted down to get a better look at what she was doing. I suppose we could have looked away, but I never gave a thought to the fact that we were watching her masturbate with one of our toys. 

With her legs spread wide, she slowly worked the toy over her mons, getting used to the extreme vibrations as she twisted a nipple in her fingers. 

"Oh fuck, that is so good," she moaned, as she circled her clit, paying extra attention to her soft lips in the process. 

"Shiiiiit!" she yelled, when the toy edged close to her clit. 

"Oh god, I'm going to need some help here," she begged. I expected Mom to be the help she needed, but she seemed to be mesmerized at the sight of her lover heading for orgasm. Instead, I found my fingers holding the toy to her clit. 

She buried her fingers in the edge of the cushion and I could see her body start to tighten. Her shoulders were pressed against the cushions and her hips slowly began to come up, pushing into the toy.

"Oh my god, oh my god, yesssssss," She hissed. "Oh fuck, I'm so close."

I reached over and used the fingers of my left hand to spread her open just before I began tapping the toy directly on her clit. She squealed and headed toward the edge until I held it there. It was as if time stopped for a few seconds just before she squealed even louder and whipped her body into the air several times so hard she drove the toy right out of my hand. Her whole body shuddered violently twice and she fell onto her side, drawing her body inward, with her head in Mom's lap. 

It seemed to me she kept quivering for ten minutes but of course, it wasn't that long.

Mom was stroking her hair and whispering to her so low we couldn't hear when she was done.

I might not be able to hear anything, but I sure as hell could feel the grip Jenni put on my arm to spin me around, knocking me off my feet. I landed on my ass in front of the recliner. She bent over me with a look that could only be described as acidic. 

"What the fuck do you call that?" she asked. "So what? Do I get to do your mother next?"

"Chill, Jenn, I just wasn't thinking straight," I said. "I just helped her out is all."

"Are you trying to tell me I'm not woman enough to take care of you? What the fuck, Danni? Maybe I'm confused here, but I thought my pussy had an exclusive on your talents. I thought we were a couple forever. So now forever is whenever you decide to end it?"

"Please don't," I begged, seeing the love of my life in such pain. "I do love you. I'll love you always. I'm sorry. Please, don't hate me."

"I don't hate you," she said, as she shook tears from her eyes. "I don't hate you Danni, but damn it, you just..."

She stomped off in a huff and I went after her wra[[ong her in my arms in less than a second. She fought to push me away but I refused to let her go. I pulled her to the floor and rocked her back and forth and cried with her. 

Mom and Elaine came over, getting on either side of her., leaving me feeling left out all of a sudden. 

"We need to talk," Elaine said, as she held Jenni to her, "before this whole thing blows up and destroys us all."

"Danni," Mom said," do you remember what we did whenever we had to talk things out when you were younger?"

"Twilight zone?" I asked. "I remember."

"I think this situation calls for a meeting there," she said.

"What's that?" Elaine asked. "I thought that was a show on television."

"It was," Mom said, "but we just started to use the name for a way we had of talking about things that might be embarrassing or too emotionally stressful."

"Danni told me about it," Jenni stammered between hiccups. "It's where you sit in the dark so you can't see each other and nothing is forbidden to talk about."

"Nothing that's said in twilight zone can be used in an argument or used against anyone. The only forbidden things are things that are intentionally hurtful or nasty about anyone," Mom said. "Jenny, would that be all right with you?"

Jenny nodded and I asked Elaine if she was agreeable. 

"Of course," she said. "Where are going to do it?"

"Where is the darkest spot we can use?" Mom asked.

Elaine thought for a minute before she answered. "The back guest room has heavy drapes over the windows," she said, "and there's nothing but trees out there so the moonlight won't get in at all."

"Then that's the room we want. If anyone wants to hit the bathroom before we start, it will save disrupting the mood." Mom said. 

I went to the bathroom and when I came out, Jenni went in. I waited for her and when she came out, I stopped her and pulled her into my arms. She struggled weakly, but I had to do this.

"Jenni, I love you with all my heart and my soul. No one in the world can take me from you. No one. I've told you before, and I'll tell you again. The only way you can lose my love is if we do it to ourselves."

"I know," she muttered. I put my arm around her and we walked together to the room where we might come to some agreements without anyone getting hurt.

When everyone but Mom was sitting on the bed, she turned the light off and felt her way to the bed. 

"What we used to do," she said, "was to sit in silence for a few seconds to decide what we want to say and how to say it. Remember, this room is in the twilight zone so nothing that's said here leaves here."

The room became eerily silent for quite a few seconds, the Elaine started. 

"I'm sorry I cause so much trouble here," she said. "I'm just used to being quite bold and totally open in the way I see sex. I can be almost irreverent at times but I don't mean to. I've never tied sex to love in my relationships and I'm not saying that's a smart thing, but it's who I've been for more years than I can remember. Sex to me is just a means to an end, I guess. It's beautiful and powerful, but as you just saw, it can also be just as powerful when not done right."

"I guess part of the problem, Elaine," Mom saId, "is that Danni and I have always been the opposite of that because it's the way we were brought up. Sex was always private and special. It wasn't something you shared with others. Danni will tell you that it was one of our frequent disagreements. She couldn't bring herself to be as provincial as I was raised, and I couldn't bring myself into the world today. Of course, all that has changed since we got together."

"I guess I'm sort of the odd man out," Jenni said. "I mean, I'm a little more liberal than Danni and Mom, but not as much so as Elaine is. When Mom saw me naked the first time, I wasn't so shocked by her seeing me as I was of her being there and I was afraid she would be offended by it."

"Is there a middle ground here?" Mom asked. "Is there anything we can agree on, or do we just agree to disagree?"

"That won't work, Mom, and we all know it," I said. "We can't ask Elaine to change who she is overnight, and she doesn't expect us to conform to her beliefs either. I surprised myself when I realized what I was doing to Elaine, but I didn't want to stop, so where does that put me now? What I'm afraid of, is that if we aren't careful, one of us or all of us is going to be hurt, just like I hurt Jenni."

"If you stop to think about it," Elaine said, "the whole incident just now is a bit strange. I expected Mary to help me out when I couldn't hold on to the vibe, but it was Danni that did it."

"I was just shocked, I think," Mom said, "and I couldn't bring myself to do it in front of Danni and Jenni."

"Can anyone explain why I didn't say anything when Danni did it?" Jenni asked. "I just sat there, with my fingers in my pussy, giving myself a fantastic orgasm."

"Watching another woman or women have sex or masturbate is so incredibly erotic," Elaine said, "that most women respond just as you did."

"I wanted to but I couldn't," Mom said. "The best I could do was to torture my nipples."

"So where does that leave us?" Elaine asked. "I can't promise that something like that won't happen again, I just can't. I can try, but it's an impulsive action on my part and when something like that happens, I get even more aroused knowing that someone is watching me."

"I could have stopped you," Mom said. "So maybe I'm not as provincial as I thought. I've noticed that I've started accepting your little idiosyncrasies. I guess I have to if we're going to make it as a couple."

"I like the sound of that," Elaine said.

"I guess what we're saying is that we either accept what happens or we have to change some living arrangements," Jenni said, "and Danni and I aren't in any position to go out on our own by any means."

"I suppose I could spend more nights at Elaine's," Mom said.

"You could, Mom," I said, "but that wouldn't be fair. This is your home. You've worked your ass off to get it. We're not going to push you out. I couldn't live with that thought."

"Okay, no one else has brought it up so I will," Jenni said. "Watching Danni help Elaine out pissed me off at first and it hurt but in retrospect, I think I over-reacted. The way it looks to me is that there is a very real possibility that something like that might happen in the future and I want to know how to handle it."

"Is there something in particular that you're thinking of?" Mom asked. 

"I guess what I'm asking is how far is too far or how much is too much? I mean from my point of view, I don't think it would bother me all that much to know that you're watching Danni and I make love or if we were to watch you and Elaine make love, and I don't think watching someone else masturbate would bother me either."

"It would bother me," I said. "but not the way you're talking about. I couldn't keep my hands off myself."

"You don't have to," Elaine said.

"I think what Jenni is actually talking about is something more than that," Mom said.

"I guess," Jenni said. "Like what if a situation comes up similar to what just happened, where Elaine and Danni, or you and I, get involved?"

"I'm not sure how I would react," Mom said. 

"Neither am I," Jenni said, "but I have to admit that after today, I might be more accepting of someone's advances. It would depend on the circumstances, I guess."

"After today," I said, "I can't rule out anything at all, although doing anything with Mom would be just too freaky." 

"For both of us," Mom added. 

"Okay," Elaine said, "just so we all understand, are we in agreement to let things happen if the situation comes up?"

"I guess," Mom said, "even though my mind says no. After watching that orgasm, I can't deny what it did for me."

"Can we have another meeting about this in a couple of weeks to discuss the affect the decision is having on us?" I asked.

"I think that's a good idea, Danni," Jenni said. 

"We can have a twilight zone meeting anytime a situation warrants it," Mom said, "but let's plan on one in two weeks."

When Jenni and I got to our room, we dropped onto the bed, both expressing amazement at what had just happened. 

"Jenni, are you sure about this?" I asked. "You were so upset today."

"I'm sorry, honey, I just over reacted. I know there's nothing she or anyone else can do to take away the love we share. We just have to look at sex as exactly what it is."

"I'm still not sure how I'll react in the future, but every time I get a whiff of her sex on my fingers, I get aroused."

"Aroused enough to use the toy we borrowed?" she asked.

"When have I ever not been aroused enough to do that?" I asked. 

We stripped and she picked up the double dildo harness. "Is it all right if I wear it?" she asked. 

"I suppose," I replied. "Just remember its something new for us. Use lube on both sides and just be gentle."

She handed me the harness and I held it as she applied lube to her end, and then she spread her legs so I could put her dildo into her pussy before strapping the harness around her. When I was done, I reached over and smacked the other dildo.

"Holy shit," she said, backing away from me. "We have to remember that move. Damn, that felt so good."

"I want it from the back," I said, getting off the bed to bend over with my head on my arms, "but no anal, at least not this time."

"You're such a party pooper," she said.

"Leave the pooper alone this time," I repeated. 

She bent over to lick and suck to get me good and wet. If she'd spent much more time doing that, I'd have been extremely wet and ready for anything. 

I felt the head brush over my pussy, spreading the lube around, and then it slowly slipped into me. Instead of putting the head in and moving it deeper with strokes that slowly deepened, she kept pressure on it, slowly feeding it into me. 

I could feel every precious inch of progress as my walls expanded to accept it and I swear, it was one of the most awesome, most erotic things I've ever felt. You can't believe the feeling until you've tried it for yourself, but it has to go as slow as possible or you won't feel it.

She didn't stop until I felt the harness press into my ass cheeks. With the cock still buried all the way in, she started moving her hips in a circle, causing the toy to move around inside at the same time it was moving in and out. All that time, she circling my clit with her thumb and forcing her hand into me with every circle of her hips.

"I could do this all day," she said, and I knew she could. 

Without a lot of physical exertion, she was rapidly driving me closer and closer to my orgasm and it promised to be one I'd never forget. Every time my cervix was hit, my body jumped one step closer to finality and the sounds of my primeval need became louder and more profane. When she deepened the strokes, the orgasm showed it's strength but for some reason, remained just out of reach until she slammed into me three times and held it in as her fingers flew over my clit in rapid circular movements that took away my entire sense of being completely. The world became little more than a fuzzy cloud of purple haze and my ability to breathe existed only in memories. Drained of all strength and reason, I fell, face first onto the bed to let the repetitive spasms move over my body. 

I didn't pass out though. Oh no; that would have been much kinder to my mind. I felt my pussy quivering uncontrollably and listened as my heart beat stabilized. I knew I was breathing, I just wasn't conscious of why or how. 

She left me there to recover while she cleaned the toy and wrapped it in a towel. There would be no more sex that day. 

She moved me around on the bed to put my head on my pillow, kissed me passionately and turned off the light, or at least I think she did. My lights, at least, went out completely.