 I woke in the morning, to find a disgruntled lover toying with my hair. 

"I'm not here," I said.

"Yes you are," she said, "and I can prove it."

A second later, my nipple was being crushed between her fingers. 

"Ouch, that hurt," I said.

"See, I told you that you're here."

"Bitch. Damn that hurt. What the hell do you want anyway? Let me sleep."

"No way," she said. "I wasn't done with you last night, or I should say, I wasn't done with me last night."

"Didn't you come last night? It sure sounded like you."

"How would you know," she asked. "You were so freaking loud, they heard you across the lake."

"Oh my god, that was a good one."

"Why is that one better than the one we have at home," she asked. "I had a humungous orgasm but I didn't want to stop."

"The cock is shaped different than ours and it might be a little longer, but maybe it was just the realization that in a way, I was fucking you at the same time. I thought about that several times."

"That explains why you were pounding your ass back into the cock then."

"Which also explains why you were battering my ass cheeks with every stroke," I said. "I want that toy, honey. No, we need that toy."

"Fine, but in the meantime, I've still got this itch deep inside that needs to be scratched."

I lubed up both dildos and worked one into me before strapping the harness on. It felt strange having that cock buried, and I do mean buried, in my pussy, and the pad directly over my clit. 

I wanted her on her back, but she wanted something different; a position I'd never used before. With her lying on her side, she lifted her top leg up and pulled it nearly to her chest while the bottom leg lay straight out, with her lower leg tucked back. Her pussy was pulled slightly open in that position and totally accessible. I straddled her leg and eased the cock into her, not stopping until it was entirely in. She shifted a little as I started deep strokes, slowly increasing the speed. 

"Oh fuck, that is so damned good," she said. 

When her soft whimpering sounds became louder and more intense, I stopped with the toy still buried. Reaching over to where I'd hidden it earlier, I retrieved the long blue probe that I love to feel in my ass. Returning to the rhythm from before I stopped, I worked it into her ass and pumped it into her in strokes that matched the cock in her pussy, driving her to the brink of insanity before she rolled into a ball and came with a choking cry. I was right behind her, dropping over her as my body shuddered repeatedly. 

"Time to go, girls," Mom yelled. 

"Fuck," Jenni muttered, as she slid me off of her, pulling the cock from her pussy. 

I went in to shower, still wearing the harness, the cock standing straight out. She laughed and washed the cock for me, and I washed the rest after I had the harness off. The anal probe was cleaned and wrapped in tissue to be packed in my suitcase. We showered quickly, dressed, and went out to find Mom and Elaine sipping coffee already. 

"I guess you two were having a good time," Elaine said. "You were certainly loud enough."

"It's that toy of yours," I said. "Damn, that thing is powerful. We want one."

"Would you allow me to buy you one," she asked.

"Why?" Jenni asked.

"Just because I can," she said. "By the way, that little dynamite toy sent your mother flying three times last night."

"I can still feel it," Mom said.

"It's almost too much if your clit is sensitive," I said. "I'll order you one. We were thinking about a couple of new toys ourselves."

"When we get home," Elaine said, "let's do some toy shopping together."

"That could be interesting," Mom said.

"We may need a bigger closet if this keeps up," Jenni added.

"Can we come up here again?" I asked.

"Of course we can," Elaine said. "It's too late this year to make a week or two of it, but we can plan on it for next year. We'll just have to do weekends this year or maybe a long weekend if we can get our schedules to work."

We packed everything up and headed for home, and I think we all were contemplating the transition we'd experienced. No longer was it necessary to hide our feelings or desires from each other and no longer would it be necessary to avoid being seen naked, although the unspoken understanding was that we wouldn't walk around naked all the time. Personally, I wanted the sight of their naked bodies to continue to be exciting and something special. 

There would still be a lot of moments of discomfort and awkwardness, I was sure, but over time, we would discover each other's comfort zones and respect those zones of limitation.

All the way home, Jenni and I snuggled into each other, just reveling in that special feeling that only two loving partners can share. 

I wasn't sure how all this would affect the relationship with Mom, except that I was sure we could never share the intimacies we looked forward to with Jenni and Elaine. I couldn't envision Mom and Jenni together, but then I never thought I'd see my mother make love to a woman either. One thing I knew, for sure, was that Elaine was already planning on being with me. I'd seen that look in her eyes several times.

Once the car was unloaded and laundry sorted, we got out the toy catalogs and proceeded to shop. Elaine had one called "Sapphic Warehouse." That's where we ordered our new harness from. It used what they called an 'o-ring' system to hold the double dildos we already had, but we ordered one shaped like Elaine's with a slightly bent head.

I also ordered a new vibe called the serpent's tail, which is a slim vibe of a little over seven inches that is vinyl covered flexible steel. It looked like it would be deadly in either pussy or ass. 

At first, Mom didn't act all that interested, but she picked up a catalog from ExtremeToys. She flipped to the harness and strap-on section and on the very first page, she saw the one we all wanted to play with. It had the usual vibe for your partner, but then she showed us that it had two other dildos for the wearer, one that went in your pussy and one that went in your ass. 

"Everyone is going to want to wear that one," Elaine said.

"Maybe," Mom said, "but I get it for the first forty-eight hours. I've got plans for that one."

I hid one catalog from everyone so I could pull a surprise on all of them. I'd always wanted a Hitachi wand and I found one that came in a kit with several attachments. Like Mom, I had plans for that one.

We weren't surprised when Mom decided to spend the night at Elaine's because they'd had several hushed conversations away from us. For whatever reasons though, neither of us was in the mood for sex, so we decided to stretch out on the chaises in the back yard and just listen to the night sounds.

"I can see that our world is close to some major changes," Jenni said.

"In what way?" I asked.

"What happened at the cottage opened a lot of doors," she said. "We all agreed to just let things progress in whatever time they require, but no one imposed any restrictions. I don't think it will be long before we'll see a new openness about sex. Elaine has no inhibitions what-so-ever and she's hot for both of us. 

"So I've noticed." I said." Mom's not going to move so fast, I don't think but I'm amazed that she's accepted everything so far."

"So am I," she said. "I really think she's ready to accept almost anything if it's presented in the right way."

We finally got so sleepy we had to call it a day and it only took thirty minutes or so to fall asleep.

The next morning, after everyone had left for work, I straightened the house, did the dishes and made the bed before sitting down to do my homework. 

Just after noon, I heard someone at the door and was surprised to see Mom come in. 

"Have you had lunch yet?" she asked.

"No," I replied, "but I was just thinking about it. So what brings you home?"

"Lets fix some lunch and we can talk. I took a long break because there's something you and I need to discuss."

Once we had sandwiches made, we went to sit in the living room. "So what's so important that you took time off from work?" I asked.

"Elaine and I had a serious discussion until almost three," she said. "Things have been progressing so rapidly, and you know what I'm referring to, that I'm a bit frightened of what I feel to be inevitable if nothing changes."

"That sounds serious," I said.

"I think it is honey," she said. "You and Jennifer aren't naïve or anything, but I'm not sure you're prepared for the traumatic effects and open sexual relationship can have on us. Elaine is quite open, almost too much so, about where she wants to see this go, and it's a bit scary when I look at myself and what I've come to accept."

"Jenny and I were discussing that too," I said. "I'm surprised, but proud of the way you've adjusted and accepted what you were totally against just a few months ago."

"I've had a sexual awakening like I'd never dreamed possible," she said, "and I've learned that I am a much more passionate and sexual woman that I could have imagined."

"Do you suppose that part of it is the way we seem to have taken to each other?" I asked. 

"I'm sure a lot of it is. One thing I've learned is that none of this, or very little of it anyway, would have taken place if the two of us were with men instead of women. I could never accept a mixed foursome."

"I don't think I could either." I said. 

"When Elaine talked about her desires for the two of you and the possibilities of threesomes and such, I realized that I was having some feelings that disturbed me."

"You're talking about feelings for me?" I asked. 

She flushed and nodded.

For a few seconds, we sat quietly while I studied her expression.

"I guess it's understandable," I said. 

"Why do you say that?" she wondered.

"Mom, we've seen each other naked and in some very sexual situations lately, that have aroused feelings we never knew were there."

"Are you saying you've had similar feelings about me?" she asked. 

"Mom, I've had feelings about you for quite a while now, but I pushed them away, and filed them under 'perverse thoughts'."

"But, why?" she asked. "I've never done anything to encourage that have I?"

"Of course not," I said. "It's just that in accepting my orientation, I've realized just how beautiful and desirable you are. When I see you in your bikini, I have the same yearnings for you that I have for Elaine. Not as strong as the ones I have for Jenni, of course, but those feelings are based on my love for her, not just the fact that I want to have sex with her."

"I never knew," she said. "Of course, I never accepted the incredible cravings I've had for you either." 

She got up to take away our dishes, and for a few seconds, she stood deep in thought. "What are we going to do, Danni?" she finally said, without turning away from the window. "Those feelings are only going to get stronger and stronger."

I got up and went to stand behind her with my arms around her.

"I know," I said. "I'm having a hard time denying them already. Sometimes when I masturbate, it's you I see naked in front of me." 

She turned and put her hands on my face. "I doesn't have to be this way," she said.

"It's a very big step to take," I said," seeing the lust build in her eyes.

"It's not so big we can't handle it is it?" she asked. 

"Right this minute, I want you more than I ever thought possible," I said. "and I see the same desire in your eyes."

"Oh god honey, do we dare?" she asked.

I reached up to start unbuttoning her blouse. "I don't think we can deny ourselves much longer."

We started to slowly undress each other, but the need became so strong that we nearly ripped our clothes off. We never even picked them up as we headed for her bedroom. She closed the door and took me to bed, kissing me deeply and passionately as we groped each other's bodies.

I took her nipple in my mouth to suck and nip at it while my fingers explored her other breast. Her hands were on my head, urging me on but we were so hot for each other that we had to satisfy that need for immediate satisfaction. It had been growing within for far too long to be delayed or denied. 

I dove between her legs, which she spread wide for me and ate hungrily there, savoring my first taste, reveling in the effect I was having on her, and the sounds I drew from her. Her body wanted more so I pushed some fingers into her and drove them deep while is sucked her clit hard and licked it fast and hard. Her first orgasm was strong, very strong and I had to suck hard to keep up with an abundant flow of her nectars, but I didn't want to stop. 

I whipped around into a sixty nine and went after her pussy again as she attacked me just as hard as I was her. We were all over that bed, driving into each other, encouraged by the cries of need and desire that filled the air. The more we moaned and whimpered, the harder we tried to hold off the release we so desperately needed. 

When the world exploded around us, we were covered with sweat and both of us wore the marks of severe passion; claw marks on our backs, shoulders and ass cheeks, and bite marks on our inner thighs. It had been an amazing ride and it was all we could do to maintain the afterglow. 

"Oh my god," I said. "That's been coming for so long."

"I know," she said. "but I still want more."

"So do I," I said, "but we don't have a lot of time."

"We aren't going to be satisfied until we finish this," she said. 

"Not even then," I said. "I'm so hungry for you right now, I'm going to go crazy. Good god, you are so hot."

"I want more of that tight pussy," she said. 

"We both have to leave though," I reminded her. 

"I know," she said. "Can I ask for something completely silly?"

"Of course," I said.

"Would you just let me look at you? I want to see you're beautiful pussy close to my face, touch it and kiss it."

I smiled and got on my back with my heels over my head, pulling my pussy tight and high for her.

"So beautiful," she said, as she caressed my thighs nnd labia before slowling opening me up with her finger tips to look deep into my vagina. I tensed when her fingertip passed over my anus several times.

"Do you enjoy it there?" she asked, probing into me.

"Oh god yes, at the right time," I said. 

"I'm trying to accept it," she said, "but Elaine is so passionate. She tries so hard but it still hurts too much to really enjoy it."

"I wish we had more time," I said, "I'm sure I could show you how great it feels."

"I'm not going back to work" she said, and I can take you to the school if you call Jenni and tell her so she doesn't come home to catch us together."

"I'll call her while I go get what I need," I said.

I went to our room to call Maggie, Jenni's supervisor, to leave a message, then I got some lube and two toys, my blue anal probe, and my strap-on to which I attached a medium sized dildo of about eight inches, and my little dynamite to get her off fast.

I put her head on some pillows and got her in a comfortable position for both of us. Applying a liberal coat of lube to the blue probe, I slid it in very, very slowly until all seven inches was in her. By turning it inside of her in widening circles, I opened her up some. Then I removed it and lubed up the other toy. It did cause her some discomfort when I got it through her sphincter, but once I was in, I moved as slowly as possible until it was completely inside her ass, and started long, slow strokes.  

"Oh god, that feels so good, honey. I wish I'd known how great it could be." 

"When you feel like you're getting close, use my dynamite vibe if you want," I said.

When she finally came, I feared she might pull a muscle from the intensity of her orgasm. Her body shuddered repeatedly long after it was past and when she began to calm, she didn't move. Later, she told me that it was because it was such a beautiful orgasm she didn't want it to end.

As we lay together we had a problem to confront. Sooner or later, it would not be possible to prevent Elaine and Jenni from finding out about our incestuous relationship. Not that we wanted to prevent them from knowing, but when and how we would tell them.

We decide that we wouldn't say anything just yet but that evening, something happened to shake that idea to the core.

We'd just finished eating and Mom and I were sitting at the table while Jenni fixed some lemon whip dessert. She had her back to us and I seem to remember saying something about how my experience with Elaine had impacted everyone. 

"You know, that was such a revelation for me," Jenni said.

"In what way," Mom asked.

"When Danni was helping Elaine masturbate, I got real jealous, but then I got so aroused I wanted to scream. I had to take care of myself and when I came, it was a fantastic orgasm, simply because I was watching my lover have sex with someone else. 

"Did you feel guilty about it?" Mom asked.

"Not about getting aroused," she said, but by what I was thinking when I masturbated."

"Did you wish it was you?" Mom asked. 

"No," she said.

"What then?"

"I was wishing I could be doing that to you," she said.

"To me?" Mom asked. 

"Then why didn't you?" I asked.

"I couldn't bring myself to do it," she said. "I wanted her so bad, but I was afraid she'd get angry."

"Oh, sweetheart," Mom said, "I'm sorry. I had no idea. And now you're feeling guilty for having those feelings, is that it?"

"I guess I'm having a problem with the fact that I wanted it so much," she said, "and I'm worried about what Danni will think of me if I were to do it."

"It's so strange," I said. "Not too long ago I would have been shocked, and maybe even upset about it, but not now. I mean, Mom would have agreed or did something to allow it so I guess I'd be okay with it and maybe wish I was the one doing it."

"To your own mother?" she asked, her face expressing her shock.

"I don't think you think of it like that," I said. "When you're watching someone have sex, you don't think about who they are, do you?"

"But you were talking about being the one doing it," she said.

I could see panic on my mother's face, and I realized I'd dug a deep hole and I had to find a way to dig myself out.

Jenni saved the day by changing the subject just in time.

"So what would you have done if I'd let you know how badly I wanted to make love, Mom?"

"I don't believe I would have stopped you, Jenni. I was Just as highly aroused as you were, maybe more so. I wish I'd have known."

"Me too," Jenni said.

When I went to the bathroom, Jenni was kissing Mom, and I'm not talking a thank you kiss either, folks. When I came back, they were both naked, and my lover was on top of my mother, on my side of the bed, with her lover's head on my pillow. What else could I do? I mean, I was already naked, so I got my toys, and sat on the chair with my legs spread wide open over the arms. I love that chair just for that reason. I call it the masturbation chair.

I started off slow, using a fairly mild vibe of about seven inches, but as they got louder, I needed more, so I added the blue anal probe to my ass and sat on it. When Mom got close, I left both toys in me but I had the dynamite ready and when Mom shot off the cliff, I held it to me, rubbing it into my clit. Shazam Batman, the rockets went off, the room got swallowed by fuzzy gray clouds, and my hand got covered in some kind of gooey cream. For the first time in my life, I had a simultaneous orgasm with my mother and she got hers compliments of my beautiful partner for life. What a day. I promise you, we all slept well. I know I did, because Jenni had her arms around me.