 When I woke in the morning, I almost fell out of bed due to the fact that there were three of us on a queen size bed. Let me describe the scene for you. My mother, my naked mother is in the middle, my lover and life partner is on the other side of her, also naked, and I'm struggling to accept what the hell happened the night before. 

They were had both awake, and smiling at me, and I found myself feeling like the odd man out. 

When Jenni reached over to take my hand, pulling me across Mom for a deep, passionate kiss, I found myself lying on top of my mother' naked body, our breasts mashed together as my lover's tongue probed into me, searching until she found mine, then danced over it.

I was whimpering into her mouth until she finally pulled away. 

"That's just to say thank you for not being angry about last night," she said.

"You two stay and play if you want," Mom said. "I'm going to be late for work."

She went to her room to get ready for work and Jenni and I moved to the middle of the bed, to kiss some more. 

"Your mom tastes almost as good as you do," Jenni said, and all of a sudden the alarms went off and I knew I had to be careful of what I said. 

"You evil bitch," I said. "You did that on purpose."

"What are you talking about?" she asked, a guilty grin on her face. I think it's called a shit-eating grin.

"I'm taking a shower," I said, jumping out of bed before she can stop me.

"I can't believe you did that."

She followed me into the shower and stood behind me as I let the water warm. "Don't be angry with me," she said, as she put her arms around me. 

"Don't even try to tell me you don't know what I'm talking about." I said. "Was Mom in on this?""

"No, baby, she wasn't." she said, "and you can't prove what you're thinking any way."

"Are you denying you did it on purpose?" I asked.

"I'm denying everything other than loving you," she said.

How could I even pretend to be upset with her when just the day before, my face had been buried between my mother's thighs and m tongue had been deep in her pussy, lapping up her delicious cum?

"Just get your tight little ass to work," I said. "I've got to clean the room and wash the sheets now. Did you leave any toys for me to clean for you?"

"I didn't use any," she said.

On her way out, she kissed me again only this time, she'd brushed her teeth so the only thing I tasted was her lipstick and a faint hint of a minty mouthwash. 

I stripped the bed, pausing to inhale the results of their love making. I elected to leave the mattress exposed to air out and dry, and decided we need to invest in some mattress covers, preferably water and stain resistant Either that, or we needed to change linens almost every day or stop having sex so often, like that was likely to happen any time soon. 

At noon, I stopped to get some lunch and see what I could find for dinner. I made up a big pasta salad and put it in the fridge alone with some sliced cheese which I wrapped to keep it fresh, and a dish of sliced melon. 

I sat down to watch the noon news, but found myself getting very tired, so I sat in the recliner and pulled the afghan over me. I had just dozed off when the doorbell rang. I signed for the package and took it inside to see what my new toy was like. 

It wasn't quite as long as I'd thought it would be, but it was still a large toy. It took me all of about twenty seconds to lock the door, get to the room and get naked. I tried a couple of different positions because I wanted to watch and eventually wound up lying across the bed, two pillows under my head, and one under my hips. Spreading my legs wide, I could see my pussy quite well in the mirror over the dresser. Unfortunately, I had forgotten that it plugged in, so I had to get up again and find an outlet near enough, plug it in and lie back down. 

I turned it on and tried it on my palm first, then on my thigh. At first, I didn't get the feeling that it was going to be worth the money I'd paid for it, but that was soon to prove unfounded. Holding myself open with one hand proved to be a wake up call when I held the Hitachi to my clit. Immediately, my clit tried to run away and hide and my anus tightened into itself. I used the tap and move technique I use with little dynamite but found that holding it there was the better method and rubbing it into my pussy even better. As I watched myself in the mirror, I saw the beginnings of creamy liquid appear and at the same time, felt the first orgasm building. With a few judicial twists of the toy, the orgasm moved into express mode and in seconds, it exploded, turning my body into a quivering mass. 

A few minutes later, I added one of the attachments, one that goes after your g-spots, but I found it to be somewhat irritating to my spot. However, I went bonkers when I pushed into my anus. Whoa girl, hang on to that pony. In seconds, I was into the second orgasm. The final attachment was supposed to do better at stimulating regions other than the clit itself and I decide that it was going to be packed up and put away because I didn't like it at all. 

By this time, It was time to get ready for school so I cleaned everything up and put it away in a new hiding place and went to take another shower. Imagine my surprise to find that my clit was so sensitive, I shot off in seconds. Much more of that and I'd miss school for lack of the strength to walk.

I did a quick intense study of the work I'd need to turn in and had just packed it all up when I heard her car in the drive. 

"So what have you been up to?" she asked. 

"Cleaning up your mess," I said, which was true, though it was hardly a full disclosure.

"Did you do your studying?"

"Yeah, I think I'm ready. I sure learned a lot today." Now that was the truth.

All during class, I kept thinking about the toy that lie hidden at the back of my closet, trying to decide what I would do to introduce it to Jenni. I had a plan forming in the back of my mind but I had to put the finishing touches on it. 

When we got home, we ate dinner with Mom and cleaned up the dishes. As we had some dessert, the subject of the previous evening's activities came up.

"If either of you have any misgivings about it," Mom said, "It's best to get them out right away."

"How can I complain?" I asked. "I was still leaking fifteen minutes after that orgasm."

"It was really great," Jenni said. "I like it best when it's spontaneous like that, and knowing that Danni was watching us while she masturbated made it so much better."

"One thing I think we should consider," Mom said, "is some kind of agreement or rule that the sex be out in the open and not behind closed doors for two reasons. First of all, it takes the sneaky aspect out of it. And why shouldn't the others feed their libido off the activity?" 

"I agree," I said. "I know the orgasms I got last night were much stronger from watching you make love."

"It just makes sense," Jenni said. "I also think it should be a rule that while sex with each other is accepted, sleeping together might be pushing the romantic relationships too far. I want to spend my nights in Danni's arms."

"Did it bother you for the three of us to sleep together?" Mom asked.

"No," she said, "but Danni had some problems with it."

"I just felt awkward with the situation, that's all. It was no big deal," I said.

"We'll have to discuss it all with Elaine. I'm staying with her tomorrow night," Mom said, "so I'll talk to her and if she has any questions or comments, she can bring them up over the weekend."

"Are we going back up to the cottage soon," I asked. "I really like that place."

"We can do that anytime," Mom said, "but we have to plan for it in advance and leave here early in the morning or go up Friday night, but that's along way to drive after working all day."

"Why don't you talk to Elaine about it tomorrow night just to see what she thinks?" I asked. 

We went to our room a little early to discuss our work assignments for school. About an hour later, I got up and went over to fumble through my sock and panty drawer until I found what I wanted. With a pair of shears, I cut two pair of old panty hose right up the middle.

"Would you like to see what I discovered today?" I asked.

"Sure," she said, putting her book down.

"Come over here," I said, pointing to the chair in the corner of the room. She sat down and I had her scoot her ass forward till it was just barely on the chair.

'Ok," I said. "You have to agree to do whatever I say,"

"Oh really?" she asked. "Now why would I do that?"

"Because of what you did this morning," I said.

"I thought you weren't angry," she said.

"I'm not," I said. "Just do it."

"What do you have up your sleeve?" she asked.

"Spread your legs out over the arms of the chair," I said. When that was done, I spread them even wider and then I tied her wrists to the arms of the chair, and her ankles to the leg. Her pussy and anus were stretched enough that I could see into her pussy. I took one of my scarves and blindfolded her. 

"You're probably going to scream," I said, "would you prefer a gag?"

She said she probably would so I put a balled up sock in her mouth and tied it with another sash from my old robe. 

"I'll be right back," I said. 

I went to Mom's room and told her I had a surprise for her. She followed me to the room and I put her on the bed, facing Jenni's exposed pussy. I indicated she had to be silent and gave her a few toys. 'just in case'.

Then I got the Hitachi from the closet and the better of the attachments, the one that did such a beautiful job on my ass. 

I turned it on the lower speed and worked it over her thighs and the cheeks of her ass before putting it against her perineum. She fought the chair for a few seconds but then she settled down .

"Are you ready to come now, Jenni?" I asked.

She nodded and I slowly worked the toy over her pussy. 

"I don't think you're quite ready, baby," I said, as I lowered my head to lick her wet pussy lips before plunging my tongue through her soft lips. 

"Tell me how bad you need this," I said, knowing she was incapable of speaking to me. She tried though, and I'll give her credit for trying. 

I glanced back at Mom and saw her sitting on the bed with her legs spread wide and the pink vibe was dancing over her clit while she mangled her right nipple in her fingers. 

"You taste so good, Jenni," I said, "but you're not ready for that special orgasm."

She groaned and tried to pump her hips forward. I let her set for a few seconds, then eased two fingers into her and began slow, steady strokes until she was twisting her body back and forth to seek more. As I felt her begin to tighten on my fingers, I pulled them out.

She was so close to crying, I had to spare her further torture. Spreading her open with my left hand, I pressed the Hitachi on to her clit and held it there as she came so hard she literally moved the chair across the floor in violent spasms. I pulled it away as she came and bent to lick away her fluids, but then I put it back again and in just seconds, she came again. 

I flipped the Hitachi to the bed and Mom jumped on it. As I licked Jenni through her calming, Mom sent herself off for the second time. 

I untied Jenni and went to kiss her. "Bitch," she muttered. I kissed her again and again and held her head against my breast. 

"I love you so much Jenni, my love," I said.

"I'll just sleep here," she said, still not opening her eyes. 

"No baby," said. "You'll sleep in my arms."

Mom was wiped out, completely exhausted by multiple orgasms. I pulled her onto my pillow and helped Jenni to stand. I put her between me and Mom and went to turn off the lights, As I cleaned the Hitachi, my body craved yet another orgasm but I had to deny it the pleasure. I was just not up to it. I turned off the light, kissed Mom and crawled in to spoon into Jenni. I don't think any one lasted ten minutes before we went to sleep.