 I was wakened by tender kisses from Jenni's soft lips. 

"I should kick your ass after last night," she said, "but my pussy won't let me."

"Isn't that an awesome toy?" I asked. "I brought myself off so often when I first tried it, I was afraid I wouldn't be able to walk to the car."

"I like it because it tears an orgasm from you fast and hard, but it doesn't leave you so irritated that you can't have more than one."

"Is Mom up already?" 

"Yeah, she took her shower and went to make coffee. I've go to get going too. Let's get a shower and try to catch her before she leaves."

We hurried through our showers and dressed quickly before heading to the kitchen.

"Morning, Mom," I said, as I kissed her. 

Jenni kissed her with a little more passion that I'm allowed to show and we went to get coffee.

"I may regret living with the two of you," Mom said. "One thing's for sure, I can't keep up with you. Oh, and just so you know, don't even think of doing anything like that to me."

"You're no fun," Jenni said. 

"You'd be burying me the next day," Mom said.

"So Mom, what did you think of the Hitachi?" I asked.

"It's hard to say," she said, "because I'd already had two orgasms so my clit was irritated but it works so fast that I had two before I could stop."

"Do you want to take it to Elaine's with you tonight?" I asked, knowing that I might have other plans for the evening."

'Good lord no," she said. "She's dangerous enough as it is. Before I forget it though, you may get that other package today, Danni and no one uses that harness I ordered before me. The first forty eight hours belongs to me."

"I know, Mom," I said, "but I'm sure going to check it out." 

"Just put it on my bed," she said, "or better yet, put it someplace and give it to me when I come home. I have plans for that toy."

"Almost makes me wish my name was Elaine," I said.

She just smiled and headed out the door.

"I've got to get going too," Jenni said, "but I have a feeling we'll be busy tonight."

"You can bet on it," I said. 

After she left, I went sat with my assignments, getting caught up and after making my notes, I went to boot up the computer so I could do my research. When I logged on to the school's web site, I noticed that some professors allowed you to submit assignments on line so I checked and learned that I could submit make-up work to my professor. It took me about ten minutes to get it all submitted and now I could focus on the current assignments. 

Just before noon, the other package was delivered, along with a second package that turned out to be their new catalog, which I immediately hid in the bottom of my panty drawer. 

The first thing I did was to put the package on the table and get the box knife from the tool drawer. Carefully slitting the tape, I opened the box while my pussy began to twitch with excitement. The first thing out of the box was my funny looking vibe, which I fully intended to test drive as soon as I was done there. 

Our new harness was next and the dildo we ordered to use with it. I unwrapped everything and put it together. While the dildo didn't seem to be much longer than the one we had, it was a bit thicker and had veins the full length of the shaft, and there was a perceptible angle to the head. From the back, it would press over the g-spot with every stroke, depending on the user's position and that of the partner. Quickly stripping, I slipped it on and slid the dildo deep into my body, finding it to be highly effective. Mocking a fucking motion, I was pleased by the comfort of the harness and the positioning of the dildo. I was also extremely pleased by what the dildo in my pussy was doing to me even without a partner. I was so pleased, I didn't stop until after the second orgasm I wasn't so sure about the dildo staying put in the harness though and there was no way to test it other than actual application. 

With the harness still in place, I finished emptying out the box, opening Mom's toy just to check it out and oh my god, how I wanted to put it on. The wearer would have about five inches of nicely curved cock in their ass and about seven inches of a heavenly looking realistic cock in their pussy. The dildo that came with it for the partner was almost nine inches and fairly thick, but it could be easily changed. I could hardly wait to wear it or have Jenni wear it, since the wearer would be so highly aroused, the sex was bound to be fast and wild. 

I took the harness off and went to clean it before picking up the now somewhat lame looking vibe I'd ordered. It might look lame, but the vibration was all at the tip, which was shaped to give the user complete control of where it went, meaning that you could put it directly over your g-spot or anywhere else for a high powered, completely focused masturbatory weapon. After my first orgasm using it, I worked it into my ass and had another one real fast. I had a hundred ways of using that toy by the time I'd pulled it out and cleaned it, and myself. I put that one in my purse just in case I could find a use for it later.

We raced to the car after class, wanting to get home to play but I surprised her even before we left the parking lot. Making sure no one was even close, I slid her panties aside and worked it into her without turning it on, though I have to say it certainly turner her on. 

Once we were on the road, I reached over to move it around, getting her so aroused that we had to find somewhere to park and do it fast.

When we got to the mall, I told her to park to the back,in the shadows of the tree lined lot.

"Not here," Jenn said. "Wait till we get home."

"You don't have to get naked," I said. "Just hold on tight and I'll take care of everything."

She tipped her seat back about half way back so it wasn't too obvious, and put the steering wheel up to its highest spot. 

"Just close your eyes and try to pretend it's not getting to you."

I started deep slow strokes into her, letting the veining do the trick for me. She was so wet it made soft slurpy sounds as it went in and out while I rubbed over her clit with the other hand.

"Oh honey, that's so good," she said. When I shifted positions, the tip of the toy was sliding over her spot and she began fucking into my hand. 

"Oh god yes, Danni, fuck me honey. I'm close, so close." 

"Come for me, baby," I urged as I tipped the end into her spot to send her flying.

When she'd been calm for few seconds, she left the lot and headed for the house. 

As she drove home, I slipped it out of her and pushed it in past my panties, holding it in while it went wild inside of me.

"You are seriously horny, girl," she said. 

"I know," I said. "I've already had several orgasms and I just can't get enough. I mean they weren't gut ripping orgasms, but they were good ones. I've got it set on low so I can enjoy the build up without even using my hands."

"So what got you going?"

"I think it was looking at the toys, and knowing I couldn't try Mom's on, maybe, or maybe it's just from watching you and mom together, I don't know. I just know I need something in there almost all the time."

"Or maybe what you did to me last night, knowing that your mother was watching us?"

"Maybe."

"Did you at least look at her new harness?" she asked.

"Oh-my-god, Jenni, I want one. Holy shit, so many ways came to my mind to play with that. That is most definitely multi orgasm power."

"What did you do with it?"

"Hid it under her bed, far enough back that Elaine won't see it till it's too late."

"I've been wondering if it bothered you to see your mother masturbate, or being fucked while you watch?"

"I thought it would," I said, "and at first it did, but I guess I'm just so damned sexual lately that nothing bothers me any more. I did have some problem to see your head between her legs, but I got over it. If you all of a sudden decided you didn't have the time or energy to be the lover I want to spend my life with, everything would change, and I do mean everything."

"There's one thing neither of us has had to face yet and it might be a deal killer," She said.

"What's that?" I asked. 

"You've seen me make love to your mother, and I've seen you messing around with Elaine, but we haven't seen anyone making love to us. How are you going to be when one of them is making passionate love to me?"

"I may have to kill them," I said.

"That's what I'm talking about," she said, "and it will probably happen this weekend unless we don't allow it."

"Now I'm a whole lot less comfortable with this arrangement," I said. 

"See, that's what I'm afraid of," she said. "I don't know how I'll feel if Elaine takes a strap-on to that tight pussy of yours, or your cute little ass with that tight button I adore."

"I'm almost sorry we started this conversation," I said, "but wouldn't it be a bit awkward to tell them we've changed our minds now and want to be exclusively with each other?"

"I'm sure they'd respect that decision if that's truly what we want," she said, "but are we sure that's the way we want it? I mean we can watch each other and all that, but is that going to be enough for either of us now? We can say whatever we want now, but let's say we're at the cottage and we've been having some hot sex, and one of them just starts making some suggestive comments or touches us in that way. Can we be strong enough to say thanks but no thanks?"

"I don't know," I said. "I can't deny that there have been so many times that I've wanted to be with them." 

"We'll work something out, I'm sure," she said.

"It's easier for you, though," I said. "You can make love to any of us but I can't make love to my own mother."

"I've seen the way you look at each other," she said. "You both want it, and you know I'm right."

It was all could do to keep from telling her but I didn't. At the same time though, I knew I couldn't keep it from her much longer. I shifted in my seat to move the vibe to a better spot and almost instantly shuddered as an orgasm hit me. 

"Seriously though, I'm not sure if I can let Elaine do anal with me," I said. "She's pretty aggressive and sometimes, even as gentle as you are it leaves me hurting."

"It's your choice, Danni," she said. "If she can't make you feel you can trust her, then just don't do it with her."

Since Mom wasn't coming home that night, we decided to grab something to take home but as soon as we pulled into the parking lot of the restaurant of choice, she pulled to the side of the lot and stopped. 

"Who are we kidding?" she asked. "We're not going to take time to eat tonight so why not just go home and do what we've both been thinking about all day?"

"Oh my, now what could that be?" I asked, mockingly.

"You'll certainly find out as soon as we get home," she said.

When we got to the house, we raced to see who could get naked and in bed first. She beat me of course, but I knew she would. I mean, who couldn't outrun a crippled up woman?

When I got to the room, she was already putting the harness on. 

"Oh, I like the way that dildo is shaped," she said. "I could just play with your end and come all by myself."

"It wouldn't be half as much fun though," I said, as I stripped and went into the bathroom to clean the vibe we'd used in the car. I already had plans for that little hot toy. 

She reminded me that I couldn't get on all fours for a while so I spread my feet wide and bent over to put my face on my arms on the bed. Even with lube on it, the slightly larger head stretched me pretty wide and I had to work it in. Eventually, I got it worked in and she began slow strokes to get it good and wet and let our bodies adjust. 

"Oh honey," I said, "just keep doing that. It feels so good. Nice and slow. Oh god, Jenni, it feels so good in there."

"I could do this all day," she said, as we continued to move into each other's bodies. 

That lasted for just a few minutes before we both wanted more. The first time she pushed hard, I yelped with the additional depth she got and pushed back. Of course, it was just the first in a ten minute fuck fest of hard driving, ass bumping sex that ended with a colossal chorus of cries and profanity as we both came just a minute apart. We rammed into each other and held it in deep as our orgasms moved over us, and left it in as we collapsed onto the bed. 

She started to pull off but I asked her to wait. I pulled it out of me and asked her to sit in the chair with her legs spread. When she was there, I moved over to straddle the arms of the chair and lower my pussy down onto the dildo. Since I had to force it into a tight elbow, it put pressure on the front walls of my pussy, which meant that every stroke would hit my spot if I wasn't careful. All she had to do was hang on tight while I fucked myself on her plastic cock. A fringe benefit was that it also forced her end deep and at a different angle. I discovered rather quickly though, that it required more physical effort than I was up to so I climbed off and stripped the harness from her. She'd had one orgasm but I wanted to give her another so I lay on the bed and she lowered her pussy to my face. As I ate her, I put my new vibe into her ass and turned it on high. It wasn't long before she was begging me to stop. 

There was no use kidding ourselves, we were sucked and fucked out. We didn't even clean the toys before we fell asleep. 

All that next day, I was torn by the situation with Mom and myself so when we got home from school, I decided I had to come up with a way to bring it out in the open. 

It had been uncomfortably warm in the classrooms that day so when we got home, I decided to get her into the shower with me but then I had to avoid falling into the love fest that frequently followed our joint showers. It wasn't all that hard but I felt guilty about my tactics. We put our robes on and went out to find something to fix for dinner.

When Mom got home, c followed her into her room. 

"Mom, I can't keep this from Jenni much longer," I said. "I almost slipped today."

"The only other choice is to deny what we both feel and no one will ever know," she said.

"I can't," I said. "I just can't."

"Oh honey, I know," she said, taking me in her arms. "I can't pretend I don't want you. Especially not now, and I don't want to. You know, there's another problem too. Even if we weren't going to continue, and we both know we will, the fact of the matter is that we have already made love of hours. If we conceal that fact from them, we would be living a lie. Besides, how can we get together? I can't keep taking time off from work."

"I know," I said. "I've been thinking about that too. Our relationships won't last if they're based on lies."

" I think Elaine is pretty sure we did it anyway," She said. 

"I kind of suspected that, and Jenni has told me several times that she knows we both want it, but what do we do now? How can we tell them?"

"Has Jenni given any indication of how she might feel about it?"

'Not directly," I said, "but then I never asked her, "I said. 

"Then perhaps that's the way we tell her," she said. "Let's come right out and ask her. That way, if she says she is against it and won't accept it, we'll know that now isn't the time, but Danni, it will only make us wait a while longer because if she refuses to accept it at all, We will definitely have a serious problem. I have no intention of going backward, honey." "One way or another I'll get her to accept it," I said. "I have to."

"Jenni, what are you doing?" I asked. 

"Sitting out here being ignored," she said, from the recliner where she sat, leafing through one of the magazines we subscribe to. 

"We have a situation we need to discuss with you." I said. "Please." 

She came in and sat on the bed between us. I reached over to take her hands and Mom started threading her fingers through her hair. 

"Danni and I want to apologize, first of all," Mom said.

"For what?" she wondered. 

"We haven't been totally honest with you the last couple of days. We haven't lied, it's just that we didn't tell you when she should have." I said. 

"Tell me what?" she asked.

Mom looked over at me as though she was pleading for me to tell her. 

"I was doing homework the other day," I said, "and all of a sudden, I heard a key in the door and when I looked up, Mom walked in."

"During the day?" she asked.

"Yeah. She decided to come home for a long lunch hour." I said. "She said we needed to talk."

"That sounds ominous," she said. 

"That what I thought too," I said. "She told me that she and Elaine had been up till three in the morning, talking about the same thing you and I were concerned with now that the sexual relationship had begun to open up and how it would affect our individual relationships. We got to talking about how Mom has opened up and accepted things she never would have accepted before and how she was a little concerned about Elaine's openness and candor."

"I can see where that has added to some of the problems," Jenni said. "but we seem to be working our way through them without any big blow-ups or anything."

"Well, in talking about everything, Mom admitted to being troubled by some of the feelings she was having," I said. 

"You're talking about the two of you being together aren't you?" she asked.

"Yes, and we were wondering how you would feel if that happened," I said.

"It's not like it's a big secret that you want each other," she said. "You and I have discussed it several times and I could se it in the way you look at each other some times. I mean when Mom sees you in just those orange thongs of yours she almost comes in her panties."

"I didn't realize it was that obvious," Mom said. 

"It's not like you tried to hide it, Mom. You almost burnt holes in her crotch. 

"I did not," Mom protested.

"Whatever," she said. "so anyway, I think it's sort of weird, but not sick weird, if you know what I mean. I wouldn't run away screaming if I saw you doing it, but I don't think you want very many people knowing you're screwing each other."

"I guess that's about as blunt as you can get, but it goes sraight and to the point," I said. "I'm glad you feel that way about it, honey because well, after we talked for quite a while, I walked up behind her to put my arms around her and I started to unbutton her blouse. I mean, one minute we were talking about it and the next minute we were naked and n the floor, making out like rabbits. I guess it had been building for so long. After that, we just flipped out and made love all afternoon."

"Does Elaine know?" she asked.

"No, not yet," Mom said, "but I plan to tell her that we didn't plan it, that it just happened. I'd appreciate it if it stayed that way." 

I paused and looked into her beautiful eyes. "I couldn't stand not telling you, honey. I never want secrets between us but we couldn't figure out how to tell you."

"How long has this been going on?" she asked.

"Just that once," I said. 

"So I get cheated out of seeing you do her?" she asked Mom. 

"I'm sorry, Jenni, but I guess you did. I never really thought of it that way."

"So where do we go from here?" she asked.

"That depends on you," Mom said. "I know what I want, and I'm pretty sure I have a pretty good idea of what Danni wants, but what do you want?"

"I want both of you," she said, "but I'm sort of sad now because I've thought a lot about your first time together and had a lot of visions of how it might be."

"Honey, I'm sorry you weren't there," Mom said. "but what is it that you want from us now?" 

"I want to watch while you fuck Danni with a strap-on, and then I want Danni to fuck you the same way."

Mom looked over at me and smiled. "I guess we really do owe her something for cheating her out of her vision," she said, "and I can't think of a better way to break in my new toy."
