 We woke like zombies in the morning. The very thought of working or going to school brought moans from all of us. Even hot showers didn't restore us and for the longest time, we didn't even speak. We looked like the victims of some kind of voodoo ceremony or something. My pussy throbbed something terrible and the only way I could bathe it was to build up a heavy layer of suds, pat it on, and rinse it away with a fine spray and even that was uncomfortable. The very thought of wearing panties sent a warning through my brain. 

Mom said her whole body ached and she was fearful that she would lose her bowels if she weren't careful. She actually asked Jenni to see if there was any damage to her anus because it was so sensitive. Her pussy wasn't as bad as mine, though she said it was irritated deep inside. She complained that her back ached from the pile driving hammering she'd given me so I suggested that Jenni give her a massage with hot towel compresses and that seemed to help. Jenni was the only one even close to normal and even she said she was irritated from the prolonged abuse she'd given herself.

"I think we need to declare that toy to be a dangerous weapon," Mom said. "I am actually frightened at the thought of Elaine using it on me"

"I don't blame you," I said. "I know that you tried not to lose control, but I knew what was going to happen. I just don't know what you can do to keep the same thing from happening again and possibly even worse." 

"I guess I have to take the blame for this," Jenni said. "I never realized what that toy could do but to be honest, I didn't expect you to use it on her. I thought you were saving that for Elaine."

"I'm glad I didn't," Mom said. "Thank god, I've got a light day today and I can try to conceal how sore I am. I can tell the boss that I slipped in the bathroom. Maybe he'll feel sorry for me."

"At least I have all day," I said, "and I have a feeling I'll spend it in a cool tub. God, it is so tender there." 

"I hate to be the one to bring this up," Jenni said, "but Elaine is planning on a trip to the cottage this weekend."

"I'm not at all sure that's going to happen," Mom said, "but does it really make any difference? Anything that can happen up there can happen right here."

"Maybe we should send Elaine and Jenni to the cottage with that new toy while we recover." I said.

"Oh no," Jenni quickly replied. "You can forget about that right now. Oh my god, if I was the only one there for her, I'd be...oh fuck, I don't even want to think about it." 

"I need to have a talk with her anyway," Mom said. "She doesn't realize how passionate she gets at times and she needs to work on that if she's using toys like that one. Actually, I won't even let her see it until we find a way to maintain control."

After they had left for work, I lay on my stomach for a long time to let my body rest. Several times during the day, I gave myself a cool water douche just to make it stop burning. 

By the time Jenni got home, I was in reasonably good shape and even thought that I could tolerate more sex as long as it wasn't that vigorous. 

"I guess I'd have to admit," she said, "that the last twenty four hours have really been exciting and life changing."

"That's for sure," I said. I turned toward her, stroking my hand over her arm. "Jenni, I wanted to ask you about what's happened. You're the one person in my life that I worry about. Is the concept of the relationship with Mom offensive or disturbing to you?"

"I can't say I completely accept it, honey, but I've seen the way you look at her whenever she's wearing her robe real loose or she lets her breasts show. You've been hungry for each other for a long time. As long as it doesn't interfere with our relationship, I can live with it. I'm not sure what Elaine is going to say about it though."

"I'm not either, "I said. "I wonder what would happen if she can't accept it. I'd hate to see her make us stop, because I think it might be a problem with Mom. I'm not saying it could be the end of their relationship, but it could damage it pretty bad."

"I guess we'll know soon," she said. 

When we got home, mom had been there and left but she said she'd be right back. We started looking for something to fix for dinner but she called and said she was bringing something home with her. 

We were sitting on the patio drinking lemonade when she got there with a big pasta dish from the Italian place. I got plates and dinnerware and another glass of lemonade and we decided to eat out there because it was such a beautiful day.

"I had to have an adjustment at the chiropractors," she said. "For some unknown reason, I strained a back muscle and the company required me to get it adjusted. That can happen just stepping out of your car wrong, the therapist said. "

"You have to be careful about that,' Jenni said with a smile. 

"So anyway, I feel fine and no pain at all," she said. "Even the inside isn't bothering me now. I want to take another look at the toy to see if those dildos might be rough or something because I've never had a toy hurt like that inside and as wet as I was, it never should have happened."

"I never even thought of that possibility," I said. "We might just have to throw those out because I don't know of any way to make them smoother without damaging the integrity of the surface."

"It's not like they cost a fortune," Jenni said. "It's not worth taking the risk of pain like that. I mean the nature of the toy itself is somewhat frightening but if you have abrasive toys then it just makes it even worse."

"We were wondering what Elaine will do when she finds out about us," I said. 

"I'm not worried about it," she said. "She already suspects and she hasn't said anything drastic about it. I hope she doesn't because as far as I'm concerned, it's not negotiable."

"That's a relief," I said. "I was afraid I'd seen you up close and personal for the last time."

"That's not going to happen, Danni. Not unless you want it to."

"When are you telling her?" I asked.

"I'm not sure. Either late tonight or tomorrow. She's working a late shift today so she won't even get off till eleven. I might wait till she's had some sleep."

What have you decided about the cottage?" Jenni wondered.

"I'm not sure what to do," she said. "I'm sort of inclined to stay here but the weather is supposed to be great up there this weekend so I might change my mind."

"Maybe we'd better just relax tonight then," Jenni said. "Last night was such a drain on our energies."

"I'm fine," Mom said, "but you'd have to ask your partner how she feels about it."

"As long as it isn't as strenuous as last night, I'm fine," I said. "Just remember that I'm not able to do what you did. My body isn't even close to being that flexible."

"I'm not holding you to what we talked about last night," Jenni said. 

"What if we want it though," I asked. "I just can't do it like she did is all."

"I don't think any of us should let that happen again," Mom said, "but I think I'd like it if Danni would do it with me. I've thought about that all day and I think I really want it. If the dildos are all right or we replace them, you can use it. I don't mind, but don't let Elaine know we have it. I'll have to decide on that after we have some talks about her aggressive love making."

"I think I'd like to try it," I said, "but I won't let it take control. Besides, I don't want to get too tired because I have something else to do too."

We went to the bedroom where Mom got the toy from under her bed. We sat on the bed, examining it and I closed my eyes as I stroked over the dildos so would feel any roughness. 

"I can't feel anything," I said, "but isn't the anal one a bit aggressive with the ribs and veining for being used that way? It's quite large for one thing, especially at the back, where your anus takes the most beating, but I just don't think it's the right toy for that application."

"We have a couple that are made the same way," she said. "I'll get one that looks right and we can try that." 

It still took quite a bit of lube on both the toy and my anus, but once it was in, it felt fine and I liked the position of the vaginal toy. One thing I liked about was the position of the dildo on the front. 

When we started making love, I focused on being gentle and going slow because she might still be more irritated than she realized. Once it was sliding in and out smoothly and she was showing no signs of distress, I went faster and deeper and as the toys in my ass and pussy drove me closer and closer to a monumental orgasm, I had to fight to keep from battering her ass just as she did to mine. It really had that kind of effect on you because it felt like two guys fucking me hard in both holes at the same time and I wanted to drive my body into their cocks. 

After her first orgasm, and my second, I slowed to a steady rhythmic pattern that brought her to a second and then a third, with my cock pounding into her so hard she was lifted up with every stroke. We both finished with explosive orgasms that drained us but neither of us was sore like we were yesterday.

While I had been fucking her, she had been eating Jenni through two orgasms so we were all ready to take a break. 

"That was awesome, "I said, "but I wouldn't want to use it too often. It puts a lot of strain on both partners and it might not be as exciting if you used it all the time."

"Well," Mom said, "I don't know how you two feel about it, but don't you think one of us should give Jenni a good ride before we call it a day? She's the only one that hasn't tried it and even though she's had several orgasms might I remind you that all this started because she wanted to see us both get fucked, in her exact words?"

"Can I get a rain check?" she asked. "I really want to just rest for a while."

"It's your call," I said. "but let's make sure that when it happens, we're all rested up and we have lots of time because I think it's going to be a long session.". 

"That makes sense," Mom said. 

"Elaine won't be here until tomorrow morning" Jenni said, "so lets all sleep in one bed, like we did the other night and just cuddle. No sex, no tease, no whatever. I think we've had more than enough sex to last us at least until Elaine gets here." 

That turned out to be the best part of the whole day.

Breakfast was ready when she got there the next morning and right after breakfast, Mom and Elaine went into Mom's room with the door closed. Jenni and I took the coward's way out. We went outside to sit in the morning sun, 

"No matter what happens in there," I said, "I want the three of us to sit down and talk about next week."

"What about next week?" she asked. 

"I want to slow down," I said. "I love all this sex but we're going to burn ourselves out and then what? I just think we need to talk about it and come up with something that works for everyone. We can't do what we've done in the last two days and expect it to be interesting a few months from now. Besides, I think it makes it harder for us to focus on work and school when we're all horny and wet."

"I can't disagree with that," she said, "but do we include Elaine in the conversation?"

"I don't think so," I said, "because on weekends everything is different. No school, no work and no stress."

"That makes sense," she said. "I think that's why I decided not to play any more last night. I was just burned out." 

"I sort of sensed that earlier. If you stop to think about it, you've had more orgasms than any of us, but you've done it yourself while you watched us. Even with toys, you don't get the same level of satisfaction but by the time we wanted to involve you, you were already worn out."

"I do like the threesome thing though" she said. "We couldn't do that before."

"I think we'll be doing more of that than what we did the past two days," I said. 

When Mom and Elaine came out, they pulled lawn chairs over to face us. I noticed that they were holding hands so that was a good sign.

"I guess we need to talk about a few things," Elaine said. "First of all, about Danni and Mary, I can't say I approve of what you're doing but I have seen it coming and in fact, I thought you'd been in a relationship for quite a while. I do want to warn you both though that you have to take care that the relationship between the two of you doesn't become the primary relationship. If that happens, it will destroy everyone's relationships. It does open some doors to new experiences but handle them carefully. I've been in an incestuous relationship so I know what I'm talking about. 

The other thing we've been discussing is my aggressiveness. I never realized how far that has gotten out of control at times. There are times when aggressiveness is proper and times when it isn't and I've crossed that line at times. I apologized to Mary and I agreed to work on that. I know that we haven't been together yet but we all know that it's going to happen at some point. If I ever get overly aggressive, I want you to make me stop and re-focus. Mary told me that if I can get that under control she'll give me a reward so I have to work on it."

Jenni and I exchanged knowing glances, but we didn't do or say anything that would reveal our prior knowledge of Mom's toy.

"Now," she said, "about this weekend. If it's all right with everyone, I'd suggest we stay here because by the time we get up there, we'd have to turn around and come right back. If we want, we can plan on a trip next weekend and leave her real early."

"I'd rather do that," Jenni said. "We've been a little run down the last couple of days and I really don't care to drive all that time just to turn around and come back. We can do something special right here like steaks on the grill or some shrimp. Danni and I can do the cooking and the clean up to give you two more time to just be together since you really only see each other on weekends."

"I think I'd like that too," Mom said. "It's been a tough week at work too and several issues have come up to put a lot of stress on me. It would be nice to have a couple of days without that."

We made up a menu plan for the weekend and a shopping list, and then Mom and Elaine said that since we were doing the cooking, they'd do the shopping. Jennie and I spent the time they were away to do the dusting and vacuum the carpets. Dishes were done and put away and barbeque utensils were cleaned and laid out on the patio in a towel. We checked to make sure we enough propane for the whole weekend and Jenni made a note to have it re-filled during the week.

When they returned, we helped them carry everything in and while they put it away, I started marinating the steaks and vegetables that would go on the skewers. 

Once everything was done, we had some time for our favorite pastime. Things had changed though, so for a while, we just sat around talking about a little bit of everything. 

"Are you girls going to summer school?" Elaine asked, as she and Mom just sort of fooled around, touching and petting.

"I haven't really discussed it with Danni," Jenni said, "but I've got one class I'd like to take to finish up for the year. I have all the required courses completed but with all the advances in medicine that last year or two, they are offering an advanced class that addresses the issues of such things as over-medication, and parental support or lack of it, things like that and a big part of it will cover the changes in autistic treatment and knowing how to identify abuse and neglect."

"Well, if you're going to take a course, I'd like to take one as long as it is in the same time slot, but I'd like to take a break for a week or two if I can."

"They always close down for a short time anyway," Jenni said. 

"Mary and I both have vacation time coming, and we thought we'd plan on getting away for a long weekend or even a week if we can work out the schedules," Elaine said. 

"Wouldn't that be great?" I asked. "

"Why not?" Jenni asked. "We can get along just fine, and you need that time alone to build your relationship without outside influences."

"I'd like that," Mom said. "I've got some things in my desk at work we can look at. It doesn't have to be anything expensive."

I went to the kitchen to move the steaks around in the marinade and make sure that the bags weren't leaking, and as I stood at the counter, I felt Elaine's arms go around me.

"I hope you want this as much as I do," she whispered in my ear, as she fondled my breasts. 

All those times of watching her study me, and knowing that she wanted me so much kicked my libido into hyper-drive. "Maybe even more," I said, pressing into her, tipping my head as she began kissing my ear and neck.

I wasn't wearing a bra, which didn't seem to surprise her but it made what she was doing to me that much more arousing. I wanted her almost as much as I knew she wanted me and my soft moans let her know that what she was doing was exactly what I wanted her to do.

I turned to go into her arms. As our kisses became more passionate, I leaned into her to whisper, "My room," as I led her there. I glanced over to be sure it was not a problem with either Mom or Jenni but they were too busy making out on the couch to even know we were leaving.

Once we were in the room, she stripped me slowly and sensuously, and by the time I was naked I was so wet I felt moisture on my leg. She lowered me to the bed and stripped as I watched, hungry for her taste and anxious for her to possess me.

She dropped down to straddle me, leaning down to kiss me with a ferocity born of lust. Our tongues fought together, going deeper, hungrily driving us crazy with a need we'd been holding back for far too long. 

"I've been dreaming of this," she whispered, kissing and sucking on my throat. All I could do was moan my approval and want her even more.

I fisted my hand in her hair and pulled her to me as my body began to move of its own accord with a craving that had been building all day long.

When she moved her leg between mine, she lowered her mons down to mine and began slowly humping my thigh, driving her thigh into my wet pussy. When it seemed that it couldn't be any better than that, she straddled me again, only this time it was pussy to pussy, as she ground into me harder and faster.

Our soft moans became whimpers that got louder and louder as our clits rubbed together. There was no turning back at that point. Those orgasms had been building every time we'd looked at each other and now they wanted to destroy us both.

We traded profanities, and loud cries but neither of us wanted to come quick so as we drove into each other's bodies, we fought to hold them off, knowing that when it happened, we would be exhausted but temporarily happy.

She leaned back and rammed into me several times, then pushed against me as her body shuddered and a high pitched squeal of orgasmic release exploded from her lips. At the sound of her completion, my whole being turned into a pile of quivering flesh and creamy juice that boiled from within. My body was wracked with painful orgasmic spasms that hurt so damned good that I never wanted them to end. 

As my body quivered repeatedly, she dropped down and rolled off of me where we tore into each other in a beautiful afterglow of fingers and kisses that seemed to go on and on.

While we couldn't see Mom or Jenni, their loud cries of rapidly approaching orgasms let us know what they were doing. When Mom came, it was the loudest and most agonizing wail had ever heard from her. Then I heard Jenni yelp just before a high pitched squeal filled the room as she came too. 

For just a quick second, I felt a flash of envy at the thought of the two of them together, even though I knew that Elaine had just given me a beautiful orgasm and there were more to come. 
