 When Elaine left in a huff, Mom was torn between the love she felt for Elaine and the lust she had for me. To my way of thinking, Elaine only compounded the problem by putting Mom in that situation. If she had handled it differently Mom might have just moved in with her and eventually the problem would have worked itself out. 

We had offered Mom our thoughts as to possible options in an attempt to smooth things over for the time being, so the key elements could be decided after taking time to study the long term effects of the various options. 

After contemplating the situation, Mom finally told Elaine that she couldn't be pushed into a decision and that if she cared at all about her, she had to let her work things out. After some discussions Elaine finally agreed that she was being unfair. Mom promised to have a decision or at least a basis to work from within a month and that's where they left it. 

That's not to say that they would stay apart for a month, far from it. The only thing they agreed on, for the most part, was that Elaine wouldn't interfere with life at our house no matter what path it took. 

About a week after things settled down, Mom came home from work a little late, walking in just as Jenni and I were recovering from nearly an hour of sixty-nine action.

"Is there anything to eat?" she asked, as she walked into the house.

"We wouldn't know," I called out. "We've been sort of busy." 

"You didn't need to start without me," she replied, and even though I 

couldn't see her , I knew she had a grin on her face. 

"I was saving some cream for you," Jenni said, "but I guess I ate it all."

"You're not making this any easier," Mom said, as she came into the room. "I'm supposed to be working on controlling my lust for her."

"You can start working on that tomorrow," Jenni said. 

"Give us a minute and we'll find something to eat," I said. 

"I'll call an order in to Tostiano's," she said. "Throw some robes on and we'll get some food in us before we even think about sex." 

"It's a little late for that," I said, "but we'll be right there."

When we went to the kitchen, she had a glass of Chianti poured for each of us 'to restore our energies,' she said.

"I've decided to spend Friday night and Saturday with Elaine, just so you know," she said. "

"Should we have the paramedics standing by?" I asked. "I mean you haven't been together for several days now. It might be more than you can handle."

"I'll be just fine," she said. "I'm not taking the new strap-on with me though."

"That's probably a good thing," Jenni said. "Two nights with that thing might be more than your bodies could handle."

"Are you and Elaine still planning on getting away?" I asked. 

"That all depends on what happens at the end of the month," she said. "If we're still together, then we'll probably do it but if we're still shaky, I won't risk it."

"No matter what you decide, Mom," I said, "we'll take good care of the house and if it doesn't work out, just come home and keep your eyes and heart open for someone else. If you have to deny our need for each other, I can live with it, I just won't be happy about it. "

"Neither would I," she said. "I'm still thinking about it. In the meantime, it's getting late so if we are going to play, we have to get on with it."

"I thought of a something today that I'd like to try." I said. 

"With which one of us?" Jenni asked.

"Both of you," I said. "This is a perfect time to try it too."

We went into the bedroom, where I had them both lie on the bed with Mom's head at the headboard and Jenni's head at the foot. I put the double ended dildo into them and had them scoot together, with their knees bent, while I held the middle. I stopped them when they were almost up to my hand, which gave me just enough room to fuck them both with it at the same time. Before I did that however, I plugged in the Hibachi and laid it on the bed next to them. 

Within a couple of minutes, I had them driving their pussies into my hand so I let go of the dildo and grabbed the Hitachi. I took turns bumping it against their clits or holding it there for a stroke or two. When their pussies were mashing against each other, I just held it and let them ram their clits into it. 

When it became obvious that Mom would come first, I held it to Jenni's clit and let Mom ram her clit into it. When she came, they both came with the Hitachi held against both clits. The outcome was just what I hoped for because neither of them could stop coming until Mom finally gave up and slipped the dildo from her pussy with a soft pop as it left her body. With the dildo still in her pussy, and the Hitachi still against her pussy, Jenni came two more times before she rolled away from me to crawl up alongside Mom to join her in afterglow while I put the toys away. 

When I crawled in between them they attacked my breasts with nibbles and bites while their fingers gave me the most powerful double finger fuck ever. I had no control of what they were doing to me and the orgasms didn't stop until my clit started to burn and my nipples throbbed from the biting and nibbling they had received. 

When I woke up in the morning, I was still sandwiched between them and I loved it so much I just stayed there until Mom got up to shower. I went to the kitchen to start coffee and put out some fruit and yogurt for breakfast and was standing there in just my robe when Mom came up behind me.

"I'm not sure I can stop this," she said, putting her arms around me. 

"Do what you have to do for your happiness," I told her.

She pulled me over to the breakfast bar, where we sat opposite each other. 

"I was lying in bed the other night" she said," and I realized that I may be looking at this from the wrong perspective. I've been focusing on the two of us when I should be looking at my relationship with Elaine. "

"Do you love her?" I asked.

"I really do," she said. "The question is, does she really love me?"

"What do you think?" I asked, as I reached for her hands.

"I'm not sure," she said. "I intend to find out this weekend though. If she has a closed mind about us, and won't even openly discuss us, I think I'd have to say no. If she can assure me in some way that she does love me, we can keep working on a solution but if there is no room for any compromise at all, I think I'll have to accept the fact that she doesn't really love me and I'm not going to settle for less. I'm no woman's play toy.

"We're not going anywhere this week," I said. "If there's anything you need or want us to do, just give us a call. We might go to a movie on Sunday, but that's not a sure thing. We're getting close to our periods so we'll stay close to home."

"Thank you, Danni," she said. "I don't tell you often enough how much I truly love you. I feel like I have two beautiful daughters sometimes but what you and I share is precious and very special. Not once have I ever felt that I couldn't trust you or depend on you. I make you this promise though. All of this stress and confusion with Elaine and I will end within two weeks. In fact, it may end this weekend. No matter which way it goes, please know that I love you, not just as a daughter but as a friend. What has developed between us is a bonus and if that must end, the important part of our love will be just as strong or stronger. No one can take that away from us."

"Now you're making me cry," I said, kissing her hands. 

"If those are happy tears, then I'm glad I caused them honey."

"Oops, sorry," Jenni said, as she walked into the kitchen. 

"Don't be silly," Mom said. "We're just sharing some mother-daughter time together."

"Get some coffee," I said, "and maybe we can make you cry too."

She got her coffee and came to sit next to me. 

"Mom was just saying that she's making a final decision by the end of the month," I said.

"It's not fair to any of us," Mom said, "to let this situation continue. I love Elaine but I won't be controlled by anyone, man or woman. If we can come to some kind of understanding between the two of us, that's fine but if she wants to play the controlling bull dyke, she can play by herself. 

It's not just about the incest; it's about equality in the relations hip too. If I just give in to her now, what's the next thing she has to have her way about? It has to b e a fair and equal relationship or it's not a relationship as far as I'm concerned. "

"Whatever happens, Mom, we're here for you."' Jenni said. 

"I know that, Jenni, and I love you both for that," she said.

We stood and embraced for several seconds before the two of them hurried off to work. 

For a time, I sat with my coffee, thinking about Mom and Elaine. I hadn't said it, but I was truly hoping they would break up, not for the sexual aspect, but because I didn't feel that Elaine was making her happy any more. She didn't seem to really care. I knew that some where out there was a woman that would truly make her happy and excited about life. I just knew it wasn't Elaine. 

I spent the morning straightening the house, stripping the beds, and starting laundry and by noon, I was ready for a break. I took a long hot shower and stretched out to take a nap, but my mind wouldn't relax and I wound up with my fingers in my pussy but I wasn't close to getting off so I got the Hitachi out and the blue dildo. Working the dildo deep into my ass, I pulled my knees up and placed the Hitachi against it while I finger fucked myself to a strong orgasm. 

It still wasn't enough so I pulled it out of my ass and got the biggest dildo we have, which I pushed into my pussy. The blue one went back into my ass, and by laying on my side, I could hold the dildo in my ass and hold the Hitachi against them both. It was to be the strongest chain of orgasms I'd experienced in quite a while, leaving me totally wasted but deliciously satisfied. 

I woke up just in time to shower and dress before Jenni got there.

When she picked me up from school, I was so excited and anxious to show her what I'd discovered that I was almost hyper. I think I about drove her nuts because I wouldn't tell her what I was going to do to her. By the time we got home, my pussy was oozing into very wet panties and I almost dragged her into the bedroom. When she took too long to get naked, I ripped her panties off and threw her to the bed.

Before she could even think about it, I had her on her stomach with the dildos in her pussy and ass and the Hitachi running at high speed against them both. She tried to crawl away from me so I straddled her waist and held her down. She beat her hands on the bed, tried to throw me off, and screamed as loud as I've ever heard her scream with the first two orgasms, and when the third and final one hit, she stiffened as though she was being electrocuted until she finally gave up any attempt to live and collapsed into the bedding. 

I rolled her over and kissed, and caressed her slowly back to life, and then let her sleep while I cleaned up the toys after getting all the juice I could from them with my tongue. 

When I had dinner ready, I woke her with some kisses and soft, tender caresses to her face and shoulders. She pulled me into her for more intense kisses and I think she was ready to give me some good orgasms but I wanted to wait until later for that. 

As we ate dinner, we speculated as to what was going to happen at Elaine's and we both felt that it was going to end before Mom came home. We discussed ways we could show her how much we loved her and that we were there for her while respecting her privacy. In the end, we just decided to welcome her with open arms and take it from there.

She called later that evening to let us know that they were invited to spend the weekend to a wedding in Michigan and wouldn't be home until Sunday evening. She told me that she was keeping an open mind and hadn't reached any decisions yet.

Jenni went into the bed room while I finished the dishes and by the time I got there, she was naked and wearing a strap on without an attached dildo. That was intriguing. What did she intend to put on there that she didn't want me to see? She also had the Hitachi and some other toys on the night stand so I knew I was going to pay for the torture I'd put her through earlier. Of course, she had no way of knowing that I'd already put myself through the same torture and I wasn't about to tell her.