 Note:

Several readers pointed out that chapter 17 was not well written and for that, I apologize. I guess my mind was on the upcoming surgery at the time and not on the story. Hopefully, this chapter will be better.

*

I suppose I should have been a bit concerned by the assortment of 'weapons' she had laid out on the night stand but maybe I felt a bit guilty about what I'd done to her earlier or maybe I just trust her a little bit too much, I don't know.

The first surprise came when she went to the closet and came back with a tote bag that seemed to be bulging with surprises. 

"I was saving this for a special weekend but after what you did to me earlier, I decided that it was the perfect time."

She slipped a blindfold over my head first. "Now if you so much as move that, it will be a lot harder on you."

She placed some padded cuffs on my wrists and secured them over my head, attached to the headboard. Then she moved to my ankles with more cuffs. She lifted my knees up over me and secured my ankles to the ends of the headboard. Now, my legs were spread about as wide as my body could tolerate, to present my pussy and anus for whatever evil plans she had. 

'I've done a little toy shopping," she said, "so you haven't seen some of the toys I'm going to torture you with. 

I felt something being pushed into my pussy that wrapped around and pressed into both my clit and my g-spot, a very dangerous toy indeed, but that was to be the least of my concerns. 

A rather thick second toy was pushed deep into my pussy, deep enough to frighten me for a second until she had it buried up to her fingers. Another inch or two could have been quite painful. She then abandoned me for a minute but then she climbed onto the bed and moved up next to me.

"I hope that when I'm done with you that you will still love me," she said, "but if not, just remember what you did to me earlier."

She then drizzled some lube over my anus and put the head of a rather large toy against the rim. 

I yelled as she pushed it in without a lot of foreplay to open me up and she continued pushing until it was buried in my bowels, somewhere around my shoulders from the feel of it. 

"Ready? She asked. "Have fun, baby."

The wrap around toy was turned on to vibrate wildly against both G-spot and clit as she started fucking my ass with long deep strokes at the same time as she fucked my pussy with the over-sized dildo.

I had so much going on in my body, I didn't have time to think clearly, Of course, it didn't take long for me to move close to what was obviously going to be a body breaking orgasm and it was obvious that she intended to make me beg but just at the last second, she paused and let me rest. I knew what she was up to and I begged her not to do it but she didn't even reply. 

Then she started the toy that was wrapped around me and drove the dildo into my pussy with hard, fast strokes until I was sweating and screaming for an orgasm just before she stopped again and had me begging for release. 

With both toys in my pussy silent, she then started fucking my ass until she was ramming into my ass cheeks with every deep stroke and I was almost sobbing from the strain she was putting on my body. and this time, she didn't stop, not even when she turned the vibe back on in my pussy. 

I tried to scream and nothing came out, but my mouth was wide open, my head back, my body stiffened into the restraints and I came and came and came. 

Nearly unconscious, I lay there with sweat pouring off my face and body as cum poured from my battered body.

"Are you satisfied now that you've killed me?" I finally asked her.

"No," she said, "but I'm not done with you yet."

"Oh my god, Jenni, you're killing me," I cried. 

. 

"Just hang on tight," she said. "You like intense orgasms don't you?"

"What are you doing?"I asked, as she moved around on the bed. 

"Just getting things ready for one more ride on the orgasm rocket," she said.

"Oh my god, honey, wait, I have to explain something to you." I said, intending to tell her that I'd already beat my pussy up doing the same thing I'd done to her, but I never got the chance because she pushed something just as large as before into my ass and turned it on. 

My god, it twisted, it vibrated, and it felt like it was alive in there. 

My fingers were clenched so hard I think I drew blood in my palm and I was straining into the restrains so hard it was painful but at least she didn't hold my orgasm back as long this time. She just waited until I relaxed. I was so disappointed when she removed the wrap around toy and the monster cock from my pussy. I shouldn't have felt relieved though, because the next thing I knew, she spread me open with her fingers to expose my clit just before she hit me with the damned Hitachi and she never took it away until I screamed in a combination of pain and stress as the hardest orgasm I'd ever had took control of me. 

In the end, it was a blessing, because I slipped from this world so easily that nothing mattered. 

When I awoke, I knew I'd slept for a long time because the room was completely dark and the house was so quiet. As soon as I moved, I quickly realized that my clit was still tender. In addition, there was a strange pressure feeling in my bowels even though on checking, I learned that there was nothing in there. Before I did anything else, I had to take a shower and run some cool water on my anus and clit.

I toweled off tenderly on those special spots and slipped on my robe without panties before going out to find her. She was sound asleep on the couch, a magazine on the floor next to her so I went to the kitchen for some iced tea but decided not to sit on the wooden stools at the breakfast bar, opting instead to sit on the padded chairs at the kitchen table. 

I didn't hear her coming until her arms came around me and she kissed my hair. "I didn't kill you," she said.

"You did your best," I said, but just as I started to explain that I'd already tortured myself, I just couldn't do it because she would start crying and feel terrible for not knowing. 

"I can hardly sit here and my clit is so swollen it looks like a penis."

"You'll survive," she said. "I did." 

"I'm not going there," I said. 

"I'm ordering some Chinese," she said, "Unless you're not hungry. "

"I'm starved," I said. 

We ate slowly, appreciating that fact that we had the whole house all to ourselves at least for a while. We could be as loud as we wanted, make love wherever and whenever we wished, and just be naked pretty much whenever we wanted. 

"I didn't realize I was being so hard on you," she said. "You were trying to tell me it was hurting weren't you?"

"It's all right," I said."I'll recover. 

" 

In the morning, we started to appreciate the fact that we were alone in a three bedroom house and at first it was awesome. I mean we didn't have to worry about being caught in any awkward situations or being too loud so we just made wild love all over the house and out on the patio just because we could. Our toys were taking an awful beating as were our pussies, and to an extent, our anus. Not that we were complaining, of course. 

After a week or so, the newness wore off and we settled into a more normal pattern of school, work, and of course, our fair share of sex.

As Jenni got closer to her finals, she worked every waking moment on review and studies, and I even helped her on her research on line. I tried to be careful not to upset her because her nerves were stretched like rubber bands. I kept telling her that she was going to be fine, but she was worried anyway.

My own studies were going well, although I still tired quite easily and at times my hips and legs still hurt. I got a book on therapy and started doing my own therapy and sometimes Jenni helped me. I wasn't about to let that accident bring my life to a halt if I could help it. 

All that changed though, the night we got a call from Elaine, asking if we were going to be home on Saturday because she and Mom wanted to talk to us. We hadn't planned anything but study anyway, so we promised to be there.

After a long session with a double ended dildo and the Hitachi, we lay in bed, speculating as to the reason for their call. 

"Do you suppose she wants us to convince your mom that she should just move in with her permanently?" Jenni asked.

"She's not that stupid," I said. "Mom is going to do what's best for her and if she even so much as acts like she's being pressured, I'll straighten her out real quick."

"Me too," she said. "I kind of miss having her here with us but I want her to be happy."

"Me too," I replied. "Of course, I miss her for my own special reasons, but you're missing out on some of that too. Do you think our sex is any less intense or spontaneous now?"

"Are you insane? Isn't your pussy still quivering after that Hitachi orgasm I gave you? I know mine is still sensitive just from the dildo ride we took. By the way, isn't it time for the new toy catalog to get here?"

"Oh my god, you're right," I said. "I'd forgotten all about signing up for that, but I think we should postpone any major purchases until we find out what Mom is going to do."

"By that time," she said, our wish list will be ten pages long."

"Have you looked at our finances lately?"I asked."We won't be buying much and whatever we buy will have to be something we really, really want. By the way, how did you pay for that sneaky shopping trip?"

"I cashed in a savings bond that had matured," she said.

"I know, I should have saved it but I wanted to surprise you." 

"We'll never have a honeymoon at this rate," I said.

"A honeymoon isn't going to make me love you any more than I already do," she said.

"That's not the point honey," I said.

"I know, I know," she said, "and I'm sorry."

"I ought to beat your ass," I said. 

"Oh please Mommy, beat my ass. I'll get the paddle."

"Oh hush," I said. "We don't have a paddle."

"I'll bet I can find something that would work," she said.

"You're too willing. I'll wait till you don't expect it."