 Mom had been staying with Elaine for about two weeks when we noticed a decided change in her and at first, we took it as a sign that things were working themselves out over there, but then Mom started eating dinner with us more and whenever Elaine had to work extra, Mom was at the house, presumably because they didn't have a place to just lay out and relax. Jenni and I finally decided to have a talk with Elaine to be sure that we weren't contributing to a problem.

Jenni was able to check her schedule to know when to contact her and we met her at a coffee shop that wasn't one of our usual haunts. She was in a good mood when she got there, which was a good sign and the hugs and kisses she greeted us with were sincere.

"I know you didn't go to all this trouble just for a cup of coffee," she said, "so what's up?"

We told her of our concerns and our observations and for a couple of minutes she seemed to be just allowing it to digest. 

"Well," she said, "I wish I could answer all of your questions, but I can't. She's been quite moody for about a week or more and I know she's not really happy, but when I suggested that she might want to go back home, she said she wasn't ready to do that. I've been walking a fine line to be sure that I don't say or do anything to upset her even more but that doesn't really seem to have had any effect on her."

"Can you think of anything we can say or do to help her?" I asked.

"Not unless you can get into her head," she said.

"It's none of our business," Jenni said, "but does it have anything to do with sex or the lack of it?"

"Your right," she said' "it is none of your business, but I'll tell you anyway. There are absolutely no problems in that department. We've both been very happy once I got used to being less aggressive."

"Believe it or not, Elaine," I said, "I'm really happy to hear that and that you're being less aggressive."

"Under other circumstances, I would prove it to you," she said," but your mother made it very clear that if she can't have you, neither can I."

"OMG," Jenni said, "Mom's putting her foot down."

"She's a stronger woman than you give her credit for," she said.

"I guess we can try to find out what's going on," I said, "but it sounds like she's not even sure herself."

"I think that's the problem," she said.

We invited Mom for dinner that Thursday and of course, she knew something was up but she accepted anyway. I think it shocked her when we actually cooked the meal ourselves. We had oven baked chicken with baked potatoes and a veggie dish and for dessert we had a raspberry cheesecake.

The conversation before dinner was confined to current events and a discussion about the bills relating to the house. Thank heavens we were current on them even though it had been a strain but then she said that she would pay the next month's bills since it was still her house. That was a huge relief. 

"Well girls," she said, "I'm impressed. You're doing amazingly well and that dinner was incredible, but you wanted to talk to me about Elaine and myself so let's get comfortable and you can play psychologists or whatever."

We went into the living room with coffee. Mom sat in the recliner and Jenni and I sat on the couch. 

"That's not it, Mom," I said. "It's been obvious to us for quite a while that something is bothering you and we just thought maybe you wanted someone to talk to or something."

"We're just concerned when you're not happy," Jenni said, "so of course we want to try to do something about it if we can."

"Whatever we talk about tonight is not to get back to Elaine," she said. "If I want her to know something, I'm the one that has to tell her."

"Of course," I said. "We aren't going to tell her anything."

"You can tell her you're trying but that's all." She said. "It's just that I'm still torn about my decisions, but it isn't just about the sex between Danni and I, although that is still an issue. It's more about giving up my life here and accepting my life with her. She is so different than anyone I've been with. She's extremely passionate, but more in control of her emotions now, she's caring in her own way, although tends to be a bit controlling if I don't watch what's going on, and very focused. She has the rest of the year planned out in great detail and if she varies, like when I moved in with her, she has to work for days to adjust the plan. I'm not saying that's a bad thing, because it isn't. I'm just not used to having to check the days or the next week's plans all the time before we do anything."

"Has she proven that she really loves you?" I asked.

"I think so," she said, "or at least she's trying to. In fact, sometimes it's like she's trying too hard."

"So you're not sure if she does or is just acting the part?" Jenni asked.

"I guess," she said. "I wish I could just accept the fact that she does, but I can't for some reason."

"It's important that you can," Jenni said. "Otherwise, how can you make an intelligent decision that involves the rest of your life?"

"I guess that's the biggest problem right now," she said.

"I do have a suggestion," Jenni said. 

"I'd certainly be willing to listen to anything you have to offer," she said.

"I'll be right back," Jenni said, as she went to our room. She returned holding a business card. "This is a psychologist that specializes in lesbian couples counseling. A friend of mine is seeing her and she sings the woman's praises every time I see her. You might see if she offers something like a free evaluation or something."

"I appreciate that," she said. "I'll call her in the morning because it's obvious that I can't do this alone and I think Elaine just thinks it will go away in time, but I know it won't."

"We just want you to be happy, Mom," I told her.

"I know, and I appreciate it, I really do. I'll let you know what she says,"

"I think I feel better already," I said. 

"Are you girls getting enough rest?" she asked, getting up to take the empty cups to the kitchen.

"Actually, we are," I told her. "There's been so much going on at school and work that we don't have a lot of time to wear each other out except on weekends."

"I don't know if that's good news or bad right now," she said, leaning back against the counter.

"Why's that?" I asked.

"Well, because I planned on spending the night but if you're too tired, maybe we can plan on something over the weekend." 

Jenni looked at me and we both started laughing. "I said we're tired," I said. "I never said we were dead."

We got up and went to the kitchen where Jenni took Mom in her arms and started kissing her. "We've missed you," she said. 

I worked my way in behind her and reached up to drop her skirt and panties to the floor. As I caressed her ass and moved my hands over her thighs, she spread her legs to give me access to her pussy, which was already getting quite wet. She must have just gotten waxed because she was as smooth as glass and the combination of what my fingers were doing to her and the kisses she was getting from Jenni had her whimpering. 

By the time I pushed two fingers into her, Jenni had her stripped and was working on her nipples. 

"If you don't let me lie down, I'm going to fall in a minute," she said. 

We led her into our room where she got into the middle of the bed, with her legs spread wide. Jenni climbed on top of her, wrapped her arms around Mom's legs and rolled over with her face in her pussy. 

While they went after each other, I got the tiny tornado vibe and the pocket rocket, passing each of them one of the powerful toys. Then I got the new anal fantasy power bead vibe and with Jenni's ass so readily available, I put a few drops of lube on it and worked the toy through her sphincter. It has seven beads, each a bit larger than the previous one and a total of eight inches of penetration with a powerful vibrator motor that gets vibration into each and every inch of it. 

By the time I had the full eight inches into her, with the vibe on medium, she was squirming and trying to get it deeper. When I started the long strokes, I turned it on high and at first she just hummed and groaned but soon she was trying to get away from it as her body began to respond to its high speed vibration as well as the twists I was giving the toy with each stroke. 

Jenni was the first to come, but then, to my surprise, she came again within less than a minute, and the second was even louder than the first. Mom may not have been the first but she was most definitely the loudest and she came the hardest. 

When it hit, her head was back and her eyes rolled back but the rest of her body was trying its best to throw Jenni off with twists and spasms that had her legs flopping like fresh frogs legs in a frying pan. 

I went to clean up the toy and got bushwhacked by both of them as I left. Forget the bed, they took me hard and fast in both holes with Jenni battering my ass with the toy I'd just cleaned, and Mom using a new jack rabbit I'd never seen before. 

That thing had more moves than a double jointed stripper; thrusting, spinning, vibrating until I screamed and came hard over and over again and they didn't want to let up until I forced them to.

We relaxed for about an hour but then Jenni got a phone call from someone at work that wanted to switch shifts so Mom and I did what started the whole incest situation. It started out to be a slow and sweet sixty-nine but of course, it turned into a battle to see who could wear the other out first. I lost and it wasn't even close. Evidently Elaine had taught her some finger moves because she almost made me squirt and I've never been able to do that.

When Jenni came back into the room, she had two double ended dildos which she used on us both, with Mom's in her pussy and mine in my ass and one in each of her holes. We'd already had too many strong orgasms so these weren't that hard but they felt good anyway and we didn't even get up to clean the toys before we fell asleep.