 After Mom left to return to Elaine's, Jenni and I both said she would be back quite soon. It was obvious that she was torn by the decision she had to make but it wasn't as simple as where do we go for dinner. It was a commitment to a lifestyle change and we didn't feel that she was able to do that. Hopefully, they could part as friends, and perhaps occasional lovers but that remained to be seen.

With Jenni's upcoming graduation, we too would see a major change in our lives. Other arrangements would have to be made for my transportation to and from school and our income would take a big jump since she had already accepted a position at the new regional cancer and cardiac center. 

I talked to my doctors about driving again but they were not encouraging at all and they had legitimate concerns, but when they talked about a specially equipped car, it hit me hard. I didn't feel all that bad. I mean, I had some occasional pain and all, but I was getting around without so much as a cane, albeit a bit wobbly, and to hear them say that was an emotional setback. Their concern was that in case of a panic stop or even a mild front end collision, my legs and hips would simply collapse under the strain. They didn't rule it out completely, but they weren't willing to agree for at least another year. 

A lot of changes in everyone's lives were just around the corner but we didn't know it yet. For one thing, as expected, Mom came back home, an event that was celebrated with an all night sex fest which left us with extremely irritated clits from the Hitachi, tender anus from the strap-ons, and total exhaustion. Thank god we all had a day to recoup from that one.

After a few days to rework schedules and all, we slipped back into our old routines except that graduation began forcing us to change some things, including the fact that I had to make other arrangements to get back and forth to school for the last three weeks of the semester. Fortunately, I was able to find at least a partial solution when I was introduced to one of the professors that taught in the evenings that might be able to help me out. Her name was Linda Walters who taught in the advanced math department. 

I was immediately impressed with her whole persona. About mid thirties, shoulder length chestnut brown hair and blue eyes. When she smiled, yo couldn't help but like her.

After reviewing my class schedules, she highlighted the days she might have a conflict and I told her I would get with Jenni and see if we could work something out. We exchanged phone numbers and as we talked, I casually took several pictures of her to show to Jenni in hopes that she might know more about her.

As it turned out, Jenni knew quite a bit about her work but not a lot about the person. What she was able to report though, was enough to convince me to trust her to get me to my classes on time and back home at the end of the school day. As we were talking about her, I noticed that Mom was looking at her picture with a little bit more than a casual interest, but I didn't say anything at the time. 

It was during the trip home one evening that I invited Linda to have dinner with us that Friday. She started to decline but I talked her into it and when I told her there were no men living with us, she smiled and accepted. 

When I walked into the house, Mom was just putting dinner on the table and Jenni came in right after I did. I told them of my invitation and suggested that we do a spiced cider pork roast with sweet potatoes and a salad. 

"I don't have classes on Friday," I said. "I can start the roast early and do a slow roast so it's nice and tender."

"I'll pick up some wine on the way home," Mom said. "How about some sauvignon blanc?" 

"Oh, get that one you got a couple of weeks ago," Jenni said. "That was so smooth and dreamy."

"Jenni, why don't you stop by the deli and get a plain cheesecake?" Mom said. "We'll doctor it up with some blackberry brandy sauce." 

"It sounds like a romantic dinner for four," I said. "Are you checking our new friend out, Mom?" I asked.

"Just keeping an open mind now that I'm not in a committed relationship," she said.

"I saw the way you were checking out her picture," I said. 

"I thought I might know her," she said, "and I'm still not sure. She's younger than I was thinking I believe. She's what, in her thirties?"

"Thirty three, I think," I said."Where would you know her from?"

"I suspect that I actually knew her mother," she said. "That would make more sense. I know I've seen that face before. She's quite lovely."

"Down girl," I said, "You don't know anything about her." 

"That doesn't mean that I can't have certain thoughts though," she said. 

When they finally met that night, she remembered Mom being at their house with another woman for some kind of club planning session. 

"The women's challenge," Mom said. "It was a fund raising event about ten years ago. We raised a lot of money for women's programs as I recall."

"Well over a hundred thousand dollars I believe," she said. "Mom said it was the last time she'd work that hard while others sat on their hands and watched."

"I think we all felt that way," Mom said.

One thing led to another and right after dinner, Mom went with Linda to visit her mother since they hadn't seen each other in years. After they'd left, Jenni and I were doing homework when she went to get us something to drink. 

"Is it just me, or did you sense some chemistry between those two?" she asked. 

"Oh boy, I'd say," I said. "When you went to the bathroom, I was watching them and Mom was almost drooling. I'm not sure but I think they were holding hands under the table most of the time."

"What do you think the chances are that Mom will be moving again?" she asked. 

"About fifty-fifty," I said, "but there's also the possibility that she will be our new housemate soon."

About a week later, Linda was giving me a ride home from school, when she gave me a clue of why Mom had been late getting home several times. 

"Would you be upset if I rented the spare bedroom from you?" She asked. "My lease is almost up and I really can't afford the increase they are demanding."

"I don't think either of us would object to that, Linda, but there would have to be some serious conversations between the three of us because there are some issues that we'd have to resolve before we could consider it. Maybe I can talk to them tonight." 

"Danni, please don't get upset with either of us, but your mother has already discussed what I think is bothering you. First of all, I should tell you that until I spent several hours with you mother, I'd never known the kind of love she's shown me, other than my own mother."

"Mom's like that," I said. "Give her an opening and she'll capture your heart."

"I'd been with another woman a long time ago but it was less than spectacular, but with you mother, there was nothing but pure love and caring. She has always put my satisfaction first and no one has ever done that."

"Don't jump to any conclusions based on good sex, Linda. I had to be very sure that it was more than that with Jenni before I would accept her as more than an occasional lover. We've been deeply in love for quite a while now but be sure of your feelings before making a long term commitment to Mom or anyone else. Otherwise one or both of you could be terribly hurt, and Mom's had enough of that to last her a while."

"I know," she said. "We've talked about that but at least she and Elaine are still friends and that's a good thing. Can you accept me as your mother's lover at least?"

"Of course, silly," I said. "Mom can make her own decisions. I just don't want to see her hurt again. I guess I might as well ask this and get it over with. How do you feel about what the situation between Mom and I?"

"I have no problem with it, but you need to discuss just where I fit into the equation."

"You're talking about Jenni and I," I said. 

"Yes," she said. "It might not be a problem at first, but we both know it might become one at some point. I think the three of you should talk about it and we can discuss it later."

"We sort of went through that when Elaine came into the picture but then Elaine never lived with us so that may change the dynamics, I don't know."

When we got to the house, she said she wanted to talk to Mom and they disappeared into Mom's room. A little over an hour went by and Jenni commented on it.

"That's quite a conversation," she said.

"I don't think a lot of words are being exchanged," I said.

About an hour later, I looked up as Linda came out of the room, smiled and waved as she left.

"I know that smile," I said. 

"Oh yeah," she said. "Still it's good to see that it's working out."

Mom came out of the room in her robe, obviously freshly showered with a rosy color to her complexion. "We need to talk," she said.

"Are you talking about talking type talking or the type of conversation you and Linda had."

"Oh settle down," she said. 

"Mom, we don't care," Jenni said. "We just want your happiness."

"It's a little early in the relationship to be certain of anything but it feels good to me," she said. "I mean the sex is good...no, the sex is great, but I feel better about this than any time when I was with Elaine. She doesn't demand anything at all. She just gives back more than she gets and she really wants to please me. With Elaine, I think the love was there but she had to be in control and it got to be too much. I don't see that in Linda at all." 

"I don't either," I said. "She seems so happy too in spite of the age difference."

"That's actually a big reason she initiated the relationship," she said. She said she's just more comfortable with my maturity. When we make love though, there's no age difference. We give and take equally. I even let her use the strap on that caused us so much trouble at first. I figured that if she had an aggressive side, that would bring it out, and there was no indication of that at all, although she did wear me out with it."

"Have you tried the Hitachi with her yet?" I asked 

She flushed and shook her head. "That's one of my secret weapons," she said.

"So what is the topic of this discussion?" Jenni asked. 

"Look," she said, "I'm not assuming or suggesting anything, but we've lived together long enough to know what's going to happen sooner or later. We went through it with Elaine and that didn't work out all that bad but is there a possibility that there could be a problem if she wants one of you or both?"

"I don't see where it should be any different that with Elaine," I said, "just as long as she accepts our guidelines and understands that with the two of us it's just sex and nothing more than that."

"The reason it worked with Elaine is that she respected our relationship and the commitment we've made to each other," Jenni said. "The other thing is that she understands that when she is with one or both of us, there can be no favoritism and that we have the full right of denial. Just because she's in the mood, she can't assume that we are. If we had a hard night of aggressive sex we need a day or two for recovery."

"I think she'll work out fine and we'll just discuss this and anything else you can think of. Is it all right if I tell her she can move in whenever she wants?"

"I don't see why not," I said. "The other thing you should make sure she knows that when all is said and done this is our home so we have the right to demand certain things." 

"I think she knows that," she said, "but I'll be sure she does."

And so it was that a week later we became a family of four and I don't think any of us had any reservations. She blended in so beautifully and Mom seemed incredibly happy too. Their sex was loud and vigorous which got Jenni and I going on more than one occasion. 

A few months later, Jenni and I had been getting some sun when they came home, all giggly and acting silly. A few minutes later they both came out with their robes on and a guilty look on their faces. Linda went to sit next to Jenni, bending over to whisper something to her but I noticed that she had something in her hand that she placed between Jenni's legs and I heard her gasp quite loudly and it was followed by a long moan of obvious desire. 

I was so caught up in watching them that I didn't notice that Mom had something in her hand too and a few seconds later, the very familiar of my little tornado vibe was pressing against my clit. I let out a little cry and thrust my hips into it. That damned thing can just rip your orgasms out of you in sequence and I thought that's what was going to happen but then she stopped and stood to lift me to my feet. It was when I was bent over with my head on the chaise that I realized that she had a large cock under that robe. 

Seconds later I felt her hot flesh against the backs of my thighs as she started to fuck me in long, firm strokes that tested my body's resilience. As she gained momentum, I found myself struggling to keep from being driven off the chaise and onto the ground. 

A quick glance over to where Jenni was in a similar position showed me that she was getting a gloriously good fucking and her sounds were poff that she too was nearing her completion. 

She was the first to go over the top but I wasn't far behind. I had dropped to the chaise but the cock was still in there for a few seconds and it was when she pulled it out that we got our second surprise because even as we lay there, those same cocks were pushed into our ass only this time Linda was fucking me in the ass and Mom was doing the same to Jenni. After a few minutes of some good anal, I felt something against my clit and discovered that she had her own little tornado or something quite similar because she sent me flying so fast and so hard that when I came, I was screaming for it and when it hit, I went down to the chaise and Linda followed me down to keep it in my ass, slowly loving me through my afterglow. 

Chaise cushions were thrown to the ground and we were guided onto them to lie next to our lovers, in tender caresses and passionate kisses. As I lay there later, I knew that Jenni and I were expected to come up with a way to give them the same level of satisfaction and I knew that the Hitachi would be part of it. A plan had started in my mind and I couldn't wait to put it in place. I would have to make a quick purchase but the results would be worth the expense and the effort. 

The opportunity to get even didn't arise for several days due to work and school schedules but we were ready when it did. Mom and Linda weren'thome when we got there so we were able to have our toys all laid out under a pillow so they wouldn't get a clue as to their fate. 

When they came home, we waited for a few minutes so they wouldn't be expecting anything but then we took them into our room where all the action was going to take place. 

We placed them on the bed on their hands and knees, facing away form each other. Already lubed and ready was the large double ended dildo which we pushed into them and moved them together until the toy was completely buried in them and they were cheek to cheek. Thenwe tied them together, but not so tight that they couldn't move because we intended to make them move a lot. Their hands were tied to the head and foot of the bed so they couldn't get away and then we were ready. We got underneath them then to suck, bite and mangle their breasts and nipples until we had them literally oozing from their pussies and starting to fuck each other with the dildo. 

We let them have a couple of orgasms that way while we continued sucking their nipple and fingering their clits. But that's when everything changed. Pushing the smaller double ended dildos into their asses, we got them moving into each other again but when the seemed to be tiring, we got our secret weapons out...dual Hitachi vibes. It was hard to keep the head of the toy against their clits but they couldn't get away from us so we kept making them come until they were begging us to stop and with one final orgasm, we got out from under them and untied them. 

We left them there to recover while we cleaned the toys and put them away. When we went back to them, they were both nearly asleep so without a word, we went to Mom's room where we fucked each other in a sixty-nine until we were too tired to continue. 

In the morning, I got up first to start the coffee, before Jenni and I showered together. We were in the kitchen in our robes when we heard one of them in the shower and a few minutes later she came out in a robe and went for coffee. 

"The two of you should be arrested and charged with assault and battery," she said."My clit is still burning from that abuse."

"Sorry," I said, though of course I wasn't. "I thought you wanted a lot of orgasms."

"Yeah, whatever," she said. "You're mother said to tell you she can't walk this morning so she's staying in bed all day."

"I just put cinnamon rolls in the oven," Jenni said. "She'll be out soon."

A few minutes later, Mom came wobbling out in her robe and eased herself down onto a chair. I went to get her some coffee and when I sat it in front of her, I tipped her face up to kiss her. 

"Good morning Mom," I said, "Did you sleep well?"

"If this is a competition," she said, "you win."

"It's not a competition," I said, "and you are welcome to return the favor any time"

Lind held up her hand and shook her head. "I'm not used to this level of activity," she said. "It's going to take a while for me to get used to you three."

"So have we made you stop thinking of Elaine Mom?" I asked.

"You're too late," she said. "Linda did that a long time ago. I think I've finally found someone that I want to spend the rest of my life with if she'll allow it."

"You have nothing to worry about," Linda said. "I'm here for good as long as the girls approve"

"As long as the two of you are happy together," I said, "there is no need for us to approve. We just have to work on your stamina."

They both just groaned and shook their heads as the buzzer announced that breakfast was ready. 

I went over and kissed them both. "Welcome home," I said.

*

This is the final installment in this story. I've enjoyed writing it in spite of some unfavorable feedback and to those of you that have stayed with me, I thank you.