 Stephanie hadn't allowed Rose to leave until just before noon the following day—they had spent the remainder of their Friday evening cuddling, and had fallen asleep just before midnight. The next morning, Stephanie opened her eyes and saw that Rose was still curled into the crook of her arm, and smiled to herself, bemused. She leaned down and brushed her lips against Rose's forehead, and the younger woman's eyes flew open.

"Time to wake up—it's almost nine." Stephanie gently untangled herself from Rose, and Rose immediately perched on the edge of the bed. A feeling of dread filled Stephanie then—she almost immediately wondered if Rose would say that last night was a drunken, college mistake and that not only did she not want to see her again, but that she was going to sue the firm to boot, which sent further dread through her. "Are you all right?" Stephanie asked tentatively, putting her hand onto Rose's bare shoulder.

Rose immediately responded to the touch and turned into Stephanie's arms. "Last night was just so amazing," she breathed, inhaling Stephanie's neck. "I want more...please."

Relief surged through Stephanie then as she leaned back and brushed her lips on Rose's. "I have a surprise for you," she told her softly. "Can you wait here for a few moments?"

Rose nodded. "Yes."

Stephanie leaned down and put her lips to Rose's ear. "The surprise will be in the bathroom," she whispered to her young subordinate. "Why don't you stick your fingers into your mouth—wet them for a moment—and play with your clit while you wait? It would be lovely to watch while I get your surprise ready," she purred to the younger woman.

Rose shivered at Stephanie's words and immediately stuck her perfectly manicured fingers into her mouth as Stephanie gave her an eyeful, swishing her hips from side to side as she walked into the bathroom. Rose let out a sensual moan the moment her fingers left her mouth, traveled down her perfect body, her nipples still erect, and met her clit—which was still quite swollen from last nights' antics. Rose felt her eyes roll back into her head as a wave of pleasure surged through her, and found herself wondering what surprise lay in store just a few feet away, in the master bathroom.

Stephanie peeked over her shoulder to get a good look at Rose playing with her clit; she watched as Rose's fingers made contact and Rose's full body reaction. Stephanie immediately wondered if Rose had come, but it didn't appear to be so. She's just aroused, Stephanie assured herself, and crossed the bathroom and walked straight up to her massive bathtub/jacuzzi. Leaning over so as Rose could look up and see her ass—which she was very proud of—Stephanie bent and turned on the jets of her bathtub full blast. The steam immediately covered the bathroom in a thin mist as Stephanie walked back over to the bathroom door and peeked in on Rose. "Do you prefer bubbles or mineral salts?" she asked her.

"Bubbles," Rose managed to get out, her voice hoarse.

Stephanie smiled, enjoying herself. "All right," she replied, turning to get the bubbles.

Rose was in ecstasy—she'd never encountered feelings like this for anyone, much less another woman. She'd be lying if there hadn't been fleeting looks or stolen glances or something like that for women over her teenage years. She'd lost her virginity approximately five months and two weeks after her eighteenth birthday, which just so happened to be on on prom night. Her then-boyfriend, Jackson Thompson, was willing to go slow. Jackson was the senior class it-jock who had been awarded a very prestigious scholarship across the country at Stanford University playing football. Jackson had been nominated Prom King as well, and had won, and Whitney Daniels had gotten Prom Queen—as head cheerleader—but the moment their dance ended, Jackson was back at Rose's side, a hotel room key in hand. Rose had submitted—they'd been a couple going on two years and her original intention had been to go to Stanford—but during the last week of school, she'd found Jackson telling Whitney (who was going to Berkeley) that he'd always loved her and that he'd fully intended to break things off with Rose, wanting Whitney to become his girlfriend; last Rose had heard, Jackson and Whitney were nearing graduation and were planning their wedding.

Stephanie saw Rose lost in a sea of pleasure, and a smile played at her lips as she shut off the jets in the bathtub. She crossed the room, her hand lightly contacting Rose's shoulder, and the younger woman's eyes flew open. "Come." Stephanie held out her hand and Rose immediately took it; they crossed the master bedroom suite and into the bathroom, and Stephanie felt delicious as Rose's sharp intake of breath filled the room.

"A bath?" Rose asked, locking eyes with Stephanie.

Stephanie's laugh filled the back of her throat. "Yes." 

She provided hair ties for them both, and pinned up their hair on top of their heads beforehand. It didn't take long for Stephanie to find a second toothbrush, but she nearly died laughing on the spot when Rose looked at her, perplexed.

"Why do I need a toothbrush?" she asked. "You're not asking me to move in yet, are you?" she asked; Rose may have talked a big game, but there was an ounce of fear in her voice.

Stephanie playfully smacked Rose's ass. "Not yet," she joked, and handed over the toothbrush anyway. "I want your mouth to be fresh when I kiss you."

Satisfied, Rose took the toothbrush and brushed her teeth. As soon as she'd finished, Stephanie took Rose's hand again, her other hand lightly grazing her ass as she motioned for Rose to step inside the tub. Stephanie soon followed Rose, putting her back up against the side of the tub, parallel from the jets, and gently pulled Rose towards her, opening her legs and positioning herself so as Rose could lie back, facing away from her. 

"Is this okay?" Stephanie wanted to know.

"Yes," Rose breathed, "I like it when you touch me..."

Stephanie smiled, gently pulling Rose fully against her, and Rose let out a small gasp. "All right?" Stephanie asked, concerned.

Rose nodded quickly. "Yes... I'm just sensitive right now..."

Stephanie leaned forward so as her chin rested on Rose's shoulder. "I see..." Her hand drifted beneath the surface of the water, hesitating on Rose's leg, and did her best not to laugh when Rose responded automatically to her touch. "Do you like this?"

"Yes."

She moved her hand closer to the space between her legs—slowly, teasing her—until finally she permitted herself to extend one finger and lightly graze Rose's clit. "How about now?"

Rose immediately arched her back. "Please..." She whispered.

"Please, what?"

"Please Stephanie," Rose whimpered.

"Please Stephanie, what?"

Rose managed to angle her head so as their eyes locked. "Please Stephanie," she managed to get out, "I want you to make me come again," she whispered.         A smile played at Stephanie's lips. "All right." She hoisted Rose up onto the side of the bath; the bath itself was surrounded by impressive tile work, which Stephanie had impeccably designed herself upon inheriting the house. Her house was cleaned twice a week, so as not to get any grout in between the tiles, and was very secure in putting Rose up there. She bent her head, watching Rose's pussy as it expanded, begging for release. "Is this what you want?" Stephanie asked, gently grazing the hood of Rose's clit with her index finger.

"Yes, please," Rose whispered.

Stephanie smiled. "Very well." She began with flicking Rose's clit slowly, wanting to torment her ever so slightly. She then proceeded to blow on it, which caused Rose to moan and move around on the tiled surface; she was begging for it, that was for sure. Finally, she flattened her finger and proceeded to alternate it from clockwise to counterclockwise to really rile Rose up as she got into it. Rose moaned and begged for it, moving her perfect ass around the tiled surface as her body proceeded to submit to the orgasm.

"Please..." Rose moaned.

Stephanie grinned. "All right." And suddenly, she pushed her flattened finger upon Rose's clit, just like pressing a button in an elevator at the firm. Her eyes widened with delight as Rose seemed to hesitate before she exploded, her pussy juices going everywhere. Stephanie moved downwards, catching the juices in her mouth and savoring every drop of the liquid, almost as if it was the rarest form of aphrodisiac.

Rose slumped against the tile wall, satisfied. Finally, when she'd calmed down some, she asked Stephanie, "Why don't you ever put your mouth on me?"

Stephanie smiled at that, gently pulling Rose back into the water. She loved the feeling of Rose's hands moving up and down her body, and wanted this feeling to last forever. "This was just to tide you over for the weekend," Stephanie said in mock-admonishment. "Soon, you're going to want my mouth between your legs at every moment of every day."

"I've wanted it for months," Rose whispered. "Ever since you came to work the day I was touring various New York firms. I saw you walk into the office that morning—you were wearing this skin-tight red dress, pantyhose, shiny black heels, silver hoops earrings, and a silver chain with a circular diamond on it. I saw you that day, and my knees went weak; I was tempted to go into the bathroom and make myself come, but I waited until I got home... That was the first day, Stephanie Rollins... That was the first day I fantasized about you..."

Stephanie encircled her arms around Rose's hourglass waist. "I found your picture online in your university yearbook," Stephanie confessed. "I saw that look in your eyes, that beautiful sex-starved look, and I knew I had to make you mine..."

"You're off to an awfully good start," Rose said, sliding closer.

Stephanie grinned. "That's what they tell me," she replied, leaning forward and forcing Rose's mouth open and plunging her tongue down her throat.

"I have a confession..."

"What's that?" Stephanie asked.

Rose flushed, feeling ashamed. "You're actually the second woman I've wanted to..."

Stephanie smiled. "That's all right. I don't mind... But, who else have you...?"

"My stepmother," she confessed. "She's around your age and she's blonde and her breasts are incredible. She kind of reminds me of an older Kate Upton, you know?"

Stephanie nods. "I know the type, believe me... Have you spoken to her about it?"

"No, I've always been afraid that she'd freak out and tell my dad or something..."

Stephanie nodded. "Well, if you ever get the opportunity to be with her, I don't want you to think I'd be standing in your way..."

"You wouldn't be mad?"

Stephanie leaned in and kissed Rose. "No, of course not. I'd be lying if I said I didn't regret sleeping with more women in my youth—after what happened with Viola, I know I wasted a lot of years on her. Take advantage of it, if it comes up..."

"Really?"

"Yes," Stephanie assured her.

"Do you want me to tell you about it?"

"Only if you want to," Stephanie said, although, truth be told, she wanted to hear every detail about it if it did end up happening, and a dark plan began to formulate in her mind at the thought of it all.



Rose arrived at the office Monday morning without a care in the world. She had quickly showered upon her return home before writing up some papers for her graduation requirements before answering a text from her father and his latest wife, Ginnifer. They were in town for the weekend and she wanted to see her, something that Rose was not fully against. Ever since her father had brought Ginnifer home in the wake of Jackson breaking up with her, there had truly been something about the woman that she just couldn't shake. 

Ginnifer Christina Hathaway-Matthews had just turned thirty-one; after a whirlwind romance with Dr. Theodore Matthews at just twenty-seven, she agreed to marry him on the night of her twenty-eighth birthday. Her breasts were an impressive and natural DD, while her hair was an attractive, long, wavy, and silky honey blonde that was the envy of any woman she had ever met before. Her eyes were an electric blue and her skin was a baby-soft peaches and cream. She had a degree in anthropology and was now the main newswoman for the hot news panel called Good Morning, New York! where she was the most popular anchor.

On that late Saturday night in question, it was of no surprise to Rose when Ginnifer called her, as she usually did. "Hey, Ginnifer," Rose said. "You and Dad going to make it to the bistro in time?" she asked.

"Hi, sweetheart," Ginnifer said. "Your dad had this benefit dinner last minute."

"Oh, I'm sorry," Rose said. "Maybe next weekend..."

"Wait, Rose," Ginnifer said quickly, "it was in Malibu of all places—he had to take the company jet out there—and I had an early show, so I couldn't go. I can still go out to dinner, if you want to..."

Rose's heart leapt—an evening alone with the stepmother she'd been wanting to sleep with for three years; it was almost too good to pass up! "Actually, Ginnifer, why don't you come over to the house?" she asked. "My roommate is off doing some things across town for graduation and won't be back until class Monday morning. I just got back from grocery shopping and I could make us some dinner if you want..." She said, crossing her fingers.

"Oh, Rose, that sounds great! I remember before you graduated and left home for college how you would make dinner—I've missed your cooking. When shall I come by? And can I bring anything?"

"Just bring a bottle of red of your choice and be here at six-thirty," Rose said.

"Sounds great!" Ginnifer said. "I'll see you then."

"Why don't you wear that little black dress of yours?" Rose asked. "I still have my matching one and we can pretend we're sisters," she said, giggling.

"You remember that?" Ginnifer asked, laughing. "All right. I'll be there at six-thirty, with the bottle of red, and that little black dress."

"Okay!" Rose said brightly. "See you then!"

Rose knew she had to act quickly to get this seduction plan off the ground. She made a quick internet search and went onto the website for the leading lingerie store in the area, and hired a concierge service to pick up her purchase. She paid the woman for the delivery when it arrived within the hour, and the woman smiled, telling her that, whatever was in the bag, her boyfriend would be very happy with her.

It's impolite to assume, she thought to herself, but tipped the woman for arriving so quickly. She then returned to the kitchen and checked the time—it was nearly three, and she needed time to marinate the steaks, bake the potatoes, and put together a salad for the meal. She had even decided to make her famous chocolate caramel cake for dessert, and would also need to get in a shower to be presentable that evening. She baked the cake first, which took a full hour, and made the frosting while also making the marinate for the steaks. Secondly, she prepped the salad and made sure that she had everything for the inside of the potatoes—butter, sour cream, organic and grass-fed bacon bits, chives, and sharp cheddar cheese—before leaving the kitchen a bit after five to take her shower.

Once she was finished showering, she blow-dried her hair and brushed it out long before pinning it up with chopsticks so as not to risk it getting into the cooking. Staring at herself in the mirror, she nodded and put on a minimal amount of makeup, for she was so pretty that she almost didn't need anything at all; she wanted the makeup so that Ginnifer would know that she wasn't a little kid anymore, and she felt her pussy growing wet as she envisioned making love to her later that evening. Rose put on her new lingerie, dress, and heels before returning to the kitchen and tying her apron on to look presentable once she took it off later. 

She went into the small dining room off the kitchen and set the table, putting two placemats next to one another, silverware, napkins, and candlesticks in their glass holders, which had been a housewarming gift from Ginnifer. Returning to the kitchen Rose put the steaks under the broiler in her top oven and put the potatoes to bake in the bottom oven as six o'clock came and went, and proceeded to frost the cake. Once the steaks and potatoes were cooked, she took them out and kept them warm while she quickly dressed the salad, and heard the doorbell ring.

Her heart skipping a beat, Rose left her apron on and walked down the hallway to the front door, where she spotted Ginnifer upon the stoop, waving at her through the pane of glass. Rose quickly opened the door, greeted her and embraced her briefly, and wondered if she imagined Ginnifer's nipples responding to her touch. "Come on it—dinner's ready now. I just have to serve up everything and then we can go and sit down."

"Should I pour the wine?" Ginnifer asked.

"That'd be great," Rose said, putting their steaks, potatoes, and a bit of salad onto their plates and moving them to the dining room. She returned to the kitchen, and was pleased that Ginnifer had remembered where the wine glasses were, and took the one intended for her. "To mothers and daughters," she said.

"Cheers," Ginnifer said, and they sipped their wine.

"This is good—is it Cab?" Rose asked.

Ginnifer smiled. "You know me so well," she said, following Rose into the dining room. "Oh, I didn't know you were going to go all-out like this! Rose, honey!" she said, pulling Rose into a second embrace. "This is wonderful!"

"Well, I hope you like it," Rose said, leading Ginnifer to her chair. "Come, sit down."

Ginnifer smiles and took Rose's hand. "You're wonderful, Rose, I hope you know that." She sighed and sipped her wine, and proceeded to indulge in her dinner. "How's that associate's job at the firm working out? Did your father's and my connections pay off? Not that your good grades didn't have something to do with it, but I know you realize that having a father and stepmother in high places certainly helps..."

Rose nodded, taking a bite of her steak and swallowing. "Yes, it's amazing. Do you know any of the lawyers there?"

"Of course, sweetie. I even went to Yale with some of them, just like you. I even took some law classes before deciding to major in journalism. I especially knew Stephanie Rollins—I know most associates work with Nathalie Partridge since she's the big boss... I don't suppose you know Stephanie Rollins, do you?"

"Yes, I know her," Rose replied. "She's even offered for me to sit in with her on the big case she's working on—she says associates can listen in, if they aren't a distraction towards court proceedings."

"Well, isn't that nice of her?" Ginnifer said, please. "Well, I'm glad you're networking—I see your father and I taught you well." They ate in silence for a few moments, until Ginnifer complimented the marinade and Rose thanked her.

"Something my mom taught me," Rose put in.

Her stepmother nodded. "I remember those quick meetings in the beginning, before she passed, when I met your mother," Ginnifer said softly. "Such a talented, energetic, lovely woman. I would've had her do some cooking segments on our show..."

"That's nice—she would've loved that," Rose replied.

Ginnifer and Rose soon finished her meal, when Ginnifer inhaled and suddenly turned her face back to the kitchen. "I wouldn't be smelling your chocolate caramel cake, would I?"

Rose nodded. "You would be."

Ginnifer sighed. "I probably shouldn't say so, but it'll probably be the last time I ever get that cake of yours..."

Rose's eyes widened. "Ginnifer, you're not going onto another diet one of your crazy guests' recommended, are you? Because you look amazing! That Tex Wilfred from Alabama was totally crazy! You did not need to lose ten pounds for the camera!"
