 A collection of scenes celebrating the beauty of girl on girl love. 

Wrom: XFGGMEP

..."Here, have a glass of wine and I'll draw the bath." Yvette was enticed by this strange sexual prospect. She had never told Peter, but she had a bisexual experience with another girl in she was younger. Yvette was always very alluring and sought after by older boys. Peter was one of the few lovers that was relatively the same age. She had a tryst with the girl who was a year older than Yvette. It began when she was at the girl's house trying on new clothes. Cathy was a slender light haired brunette who continually praised Yvette on her stunning good looks, always telling her how attractive she was. They were trying on blouses when Cathy offered to "help" with her bra. 

"Here try this one on" she said as she gave Yvette a silky lace demi-bra. Yvette exposed her lovely breasts and Cathy was putting on the bra, "adjusting" and admiring Yvette's feminine beauty when her hands found Yvette's young, sensitive titties. She kneaded the supple breasts in her hands and the bra fell to the floor before it could be snapped into place. Soon Cathy exposed her own breasts, pressing them into Yvette's. An innocent lesbian kiss followed and soon Cathy's hands were traveling around Yvette's exquisite little ass, peeling off her skirt. 

They melted, trembling, into each other and were tenderly kissing and exploring each other's feminine bodies on the bed. Yvette had masturbated herself before this time but the soothing touch of Cathy's hand on her pussy drove her to untamed heights. With Cathy's fingers on her clit and her other hand on her breasts and kissing her, Yvette melted into a sublime sexual trance. Slowly Cathy raised Yvette's hips to remove her panties. Cathy slid to the floor and with Yvette's feet on the floor and her back lying on the bed, gently spread her legs. A graceful cat-like tongue then probed Yvette's sweet little slit and Cathy's charming face made love to Yvette's pussy, cascading her into sheets of previously undiscovered orgasmic bliss. Cathy's hungry tongue lapped lovingly at this feminine prize till Yvette could take no more. A trembling Yvette received Cathy's divine tongue to her mouth tasting her own feminine aroma as she still shook from the tremendous climax. She then returned the favor, bringing an amply stimulated Cathy to a quick shaking orgasm with a few thrusts of her fingers on Cathy's panty covered pussy. Yvette discovered the true nature of her sexual being that day and though she was very discriminate and selective with her lovers, whoever were lucky enough to pass into her sexual threshold, they were blessed with unimaginable carnal pleasure.

Wrom: YOQKEDOTWFAOBUZXU

...Theopolis traveled a great deal to manage his business empire leaving Katania with long stretches alone without her husband. She was well kept with servants and lacked for nothing. She had two young handmaidens who were nearly as stunning and beautiful as her. Ysadora and Trevika were twin sisters with golden hair and attended to all of Katania's personal needs. They would help bathe her and brush her long tresses, pampering her as a wealthy wife was accorded. They pampered her in other ways too and during the long absences with Theo away the two girls would often share their madam's bed for warmth and companionship. Quite often this companionship would be Sapphic in nature and they three beauties would pleasure each other in naked abandon. Standing at the end of the massive luxurious bed the three beauties would shed their gowns and stand naked. Ysadora and Trevika would each take half of their mistress and fondle and lick Katania's tender soft titties as one would caress and finger her lovely derrière and the other would slip a finger along Katania's femininity. Katania would quiver in pleasure and the Sapphic threesome would then retire to the bed for an evening of lesbian lovemaking. 

As she lay there being fawned upon by the two beauties Katania spread her legs as one of the sisters slipped a gentle tongue into her aching femininity as the other licked, nibbled & sucked on the mistress's tender titties, suckling upon their luscious softness. Katania moaned and relished the erotic attention bestowed upon her and quivered in orgasmic bliss as the feminine tongue worked its magic upon her tender crease. Trevika lapped endlessly and ravishingly on her mistresses divine femininity, cascading waves of pleasure throughout Katania's body as Ysadora continued to lick at Katania's perfect breasts, taking time to stop and engage in a passionate Sapphic kiss before resuming her licking and suckling. Katania came time and again from the feminine attention bestowed upon her feminine tenderness. She loved her golden twin servants and did not mind pleasing the twins after her own climaxes rocked her being. Ysadora climbed over Katania straddling her face and sank her own tender aching femininity onto Katania's hungry mouth and tongue. The divine aroma of Ysadora's moistness wafted around them and Trevika spread Katania's legs and ground her own throbbing pussy into that of her mistresses and began to fuck her with chafing, erotic pussy on pussy friction. Katania lapped on one of the twin's beautiful pussies as the other fucked her in passionate clit on clit rasping. Soon the three lovelies were moaning, gasping and whimpering in endless Sapphic climax. 

They slid off and into each other's arms kissing each other and tasting the pleasant aroma of freshly frolicked femininity. Katania was pleasantly spent and had a warm glow about her and her still throbbing femininity. The two golden twins on either side of her were still worked up and she urged them onto each other in a fantastic blond twin sister on blond twin sister Sapphic 69. Trevika and Ysadora impatiently lapped at each other's tender feminine creases enjoying the twin sensation of giving & receiving tongue on pussy as Katania smiled and reached for a satin encased boxed by the side of the bed. She opened it, pulling out a handsome carved ivory phallus. This was no ordinary dildo. Theopolis had given it to her as a gift to kept her company while he was away on his business voyages. At a market in Egypt a vendor with some fantastically carved phalluses caught his eye. These princely phalluses were carved from the finest African ivory and he was told that he could give his wife a solid replica of his manhood if he cared to leave them a plaster cast. He was intrigued and jokingly he had his erect penis cast in plaster and was told the next time he returned to Egypt he could collect his ivory treasure for his wife. 

Katania watched as the sisters persisted in pleasuring each other as this erotic Sapphic sex fest continued. Caressing one of the girls' sweet derrières before she spread her legs, she then inserted the stiff phallus into her moistened and glowing femininity, plunging it deep and trembling with excited ecstasy. She fondled her own tender titties with one hand as she fucked herself with the prized phallus and in her excitement she began to rock and mutter amusing whimpers of impending orgasmic delight. Katania thrust the ivory dildo repeatedly into her pulsating hole and she began to shake in plateaus of unimaginable orgasmic indulgence. This extraordinary sex drenched lesbian liaison of 3 stunning beauties reached a fever pitch as the golden twins in their Sapphic 69 were cumming in undulating surges of tongue induced climaxes. As the sisters crawled off each other's sweet and succulent blond pussies they discovered their mistress limp and smiling, still impaled by the ivory replica of Theo's penis. Katania pulled out the prize and offered it to the twins who were still aching from pleasuring their golden sister. Trevika smiled and cooed as she inserted the drenched ivory phallus into her moistness as Ysadora and Katania each took one of her tender titties in their mouths and urged on the lovely girl. Trevika was soon fucking herself madly with the firm beast and with all the previous stimulation to her loins she came rapidly in a series of mind-bending orgasms. As her pleasure waves subsided Ysadora removed the ivory phallus from her sister and repeated the act on herself, fucking her own pussy with the rod and was receiving the adoration of the other lovelies upon her sweet little breasts. In a whimpering series of sobs and moans she came with her eyes rolled back and her back arched. The three exquisite goddesses slept soundly, snuggled in the warmth of the huge bed with the satisfying glow and feminine aroma about them.

From: "Bikini Boy"

...Dawn, in her own way, was very leery of forming a deep emotional relationship with a guy. She loved sex and was a very sexual person but perhaps the way guys either were intimidated by her beauty or just wanted to do her and move on, I don't know. A guy tried to date rape her when she was younger and that may have been part of it, along with her deep friendship with her gay cousin, Nate. She rode horses a lot and in some ways that is a sanctified form of masturbation for girls. The clitoral stimulatin of being in the saddle is famous and it was so for Dawn. Her and my sister Liz was very close friends and loved to ride together. One hot summer day after a ride they were up in Dawn's room contemplating taking a shower to clean off the stickiness of the sweaty ride. They were in the bathroom brushing the tangles out of their long beautiful hair. Inside Dawn was ablaze with arousal from the stimulation of the ride on her femininity. Liz may too have been but neither spoke it till Dawn broke in "Oh I wish Marc Davis was here right now. He's such a dream." 

"Oh yeah, he's too much. He sends me too. Saw him at the beach a few weeks ago and I thought I might wet my pants" Liz chipped in. Just the thought of nearly naked stud set their smoldering arousal ablaze and Dawn took off her shirt in anticipation of a shower. Liz followed suit and both girls stood in the mirror in their bras and jeans as Dawn brushed her hair and continued "He's always teasing me" she said. Her pussy ached and the way her jeans chafed along her crease made her squirm as she moved. "He teases me about a 'girl on girl' with you or Karen or Heidi. I have to slap him," she said with truth and no real intent towards Liz. It was perhaps an out of place statement but it lit the fuse. Sex flashed in Dawn's mind. Sex between Nate and Stevan. Sex the two times with Joey and Liz's brother, me. The time she watched in Nate's basement with the three gay guys sucking and screwing. The time she sucked off a handsome stranger behind the bleacher of a football game. Her inhibition waned and she brought the handle of her brush to her jean-covered crease and rubbed it firmly. Liz was no prude and the ride had stimulated her too. 

The whole erotic incident continued to develop. Liz followed suit and rubbed her brush along her jean-covered femininity too. Both girls moaned softly as their arousal took over and propriety waned. They looked in each other's eyes and a spark flew. Dawn reached over and touched Liz's ass. Liz shuddered. She turned into Dawn and they pulled each other close at the hips. They looked into each other's eyes and as they held on to the other's hips they closed their eyes and melted into a soft Sapphic kiss. As they kissed and broke their kiss they felt their bra encased titties chafe tenderly against the other girl's breasts, the sound of the lacy fabric snagging slightly as the two bras brush against the other. Inside both were feeling fireworks of desire, sexuality, longing and forbidden passion. Clad in only jeans and bras they stood close in amazed Sapphic discovery. Liz reached up to unsnap Dawn's bra. Doing so, she slid her soft hands onto the charming breasts of the other girl. Dawn quivered. The feminine touch of another girl upon her breasts was another kindling of her offbeat sexual demeanor. She relished the feel of Liz's hands on her sexually swollen titties. She had to return the favor and flung Liz's bra off and on the floor so she could feel her hands upon the other girl. They fondled each other's lovely little titties in sumptuous abandon before engaging in another more passionate fiery lesbian kiss. When the kiss subsided they continued to hold each other at the hips.

Standing there topless in only their faded jeans the two beauties discovered the joy of brushing their naked breasts and naked pointy nipples into the breasts and pointy nipples of the other goddess. They brushed and teased each other's titties with their own and pressed the naked feminine flesh into the others as they kissed again. Both girls were sopping with desire and literally sopping wet in their jeans. Dawn reached down and began to rub Liz's femininity firmly through her jeans. Liz wobbled at the prompt of Dawn's hand and began to undo Dawn's jeans as Dawn was fingering Liz though hers. Dawn stopped and was now helping Liz out of her jeans too. Standing there naked but for their soaked panties the two girls relished the feel of bare feminine flesh upon bare feminine flesh. They pressed their breasts back into each other as they kissed anew and felt the soft roundness of the other girl's ass through the panties. Dawn was beside herself with passion and broke free to rub on Liz's tender crease with her fingers, igniting a similar response as the two beauties fingered each other in the bathroom. They jacked on each other's pussies with their hands and both came a number of times in soaked, steamy girl on girl horniness. 

The orgasms did nothing to slow down Dawn and she pulled Liz to the carpeted floor and pulled off Liz's panties. She knew she had to taste the femininity of the other girl and was not disappointed as her mouth and tongue found the pungent perfumed crease. She slithered her tongue along the gentle lips of Liz's femininity she savored its heady, sweet feminine scent and plunged ahead licking and lapping at the down covered treasure. Dawn savored the scent and bathed Liz's tender crease with her tongue, making love to another girl's femininity for the first time. She lapped at it endlessly & lovingly as Liz squirmed and arched her body and fondled her own titties. Liz writhed in orgasmic passion whispering "OH YES, OH YES, OH YES!!!!" Dawn's assault was slowed only by her own inflamed, aching pussy and she crawled on her knees over Liz's face and planted her own steamy crease on Liz's face for her new lover to return the favor. Liz licked lovingly and tentatively at first before whole-heartedly molesting Dawn's pussy with fierce strikes of her tongue and mouth giving her the longest of tongue-lashings. Dawn came in waves on Liz's face and fondled her own tender titties as Liz's tongue continued to plow into her. 

After a number of climaxes she reluctantly slid off to cuddle and kiss Liz. They held each other and marveled in the pure unadulterated carnal discovery of Sapphic lovemaking. They were both shaking and steamy and sweaty and the aroma of each other's femininity wafted around them as they kissed gently and admired each other's naked female body. Dawn was spent and yet still consumed by their pleasurable lesbian sex act. Her pussy still ached and burned with yearning. She knew they should shower but she rose up and gently caressed the feminine mound between Liz's legs as she spread them apart. She spread her own legs and then scissored her crease into Liz's and tenderly ground their pussies together. The sensation was smoldering and both girls gasped as they fucked each other with their own pussies and fondled each other's titties and best they could as their feminine creases leaked more pleasure out onto the other girl. After a few more whimpering orgasms Dawn pulled Liz up and turned on the shower.  

They refreshed in the shower and washed away the sweat and the sex. Giggling they delighted in seeing and feeling the other girls lovely breasts and sweet little ass as they soaped and shampooed. Liz took liberty to finger Dawn's crease, letting Dawn know that she was as into their lovemaking as Dawn. As they toweled dry and brushed their hair they were quiet but inside they were smitten by their sexual awakening. In a fresh pair of panties they blow dried their hair in turn as the other girl would softly caress a naked titty or a pantied ass. As Liz gathered her jeans and a clean shirt borrowed from Dawn she ran a finger firmly across Dawn's freshly pantied slit and kissed her lightly on the lips. "I gotta run," she said as Dawn too fingered lightly Liz's recently pantied crease. Neither girl wanted to stop but at this time they had too.

Dawn and Liz found any excuse from that point on to find private time together. Both were consumed by the shear intensity of sexual craving they felt with the other girl. It was their own secret, private world that they didn't have to share with anyone or any selfish guy. On occasion they would ride up into the hills beyond the property and find a secluded spot to throw a blanket and make glorious girl on girl love, naked in the breezes and the shimmering of the trees. Pressing their tender titties into each other they'd kiss on the blanket as they affectionately groped lovely asses or aching femininity. The ride up would heighten their arousal as the saddles masturbated their swollen furrows and their lovemaking would produce orgasms of unimaginable intensity. After sopping contact with tongue or fingers in their aching womanhood, the ride back would leak more pleasure upon their pussies and they would be pleasurably spent. Upon returning they would hope to have another passionate shower together. Other times they would tempt propriety and kiss and finger each other through their jeans with Dawn's door closed but not locked and her brothers and friends barging around. More than once they were nearly caught, but these close calls only served to heighten their secret pleasures. Many times either at Dawn's or in Liz's bedroom they would spend the night and kiss and make love late into the night. One night when Amy was nearly asleep in her room (the bathroom separated the two girls rooms), she was up late and heard whimpering, sighs and moans coming from Liz's room. It was unmistakable what she heard and though it aroused her she had not the nerve to join them or even mention it. Amy softly lay on the floor and fingered herself to a smashing climax as she listened to the sounds of Dawn and Liz's lovemaking.

Heidi was fairly good friends with Dawn and Liz but she was still heartbroken over the loss of her boyfriend James, who had moved away with his parents back to the east coast. The two were passionate lovers and though it had been nearly a year she was still grieving and withdrawn. She tied her long blond hair tight on hid it and rebuffed any advances by other guys. Still, she was beautiful and delicate, with long legs, a slim waist and hips and tiny ass and was quite a hottie though she tried to hide it. Dawn and Liz invited her for a ride and the three girls raced their horses around the property. The diversion was good for Heidi and after the ride, which had aroused all three girls; they snuck into the old Airstream trailer to get high. Dawn's country club parents we away often and as the three girls lit cigarettes and shared a joint their arousal continued from the ride as the talk turn to sex. Heidi thought she was imagining things when she felt Dawn lightly caress her leg as they were talking and getting high. They talked about boys and it was Liz this time who repeated the talk about the "girl on girl" teasing from Marc Davis. After getting high the girls trooped into the house and ended up in Dawn's bathroom. Dawn began to strip and said that she was going to take a shower. Liz concurred and soon the two were in nothing more than bras and panties. 

Heidi was aroused from being high and from the ride and it had been so long since she had had any sex other than masturbating herself and dreaming of James. Dawn joked that Heidi must really be horny cause she must not "have had any" in a real long time. Heidi blushed, but it was true – it had been a long time and she was now extremely horny. '"Girl on girl" is as good as being with a boy' Dawn said as she lifted her hand to touch Liz's bra encased titties. She fondled them for a bit as Liz returned the favor before they slid into a soft girl on girl kiss. The scene throttled Heidi and she was trembling and shaking as Dawn and Liz broke the kiss and turned to her and smiled. The walked over to Heidi and began helping her out of her clothes. Dawn was unbuttoning her blouse as Liz unsnapped her jeans. As Heidi's blouse fell away, Dawn lifted a hand to the side of Heidi's face and caressed it gently as her other hand found Heidi's small but well formed titties, encased in a lavender bra. Heidi rubbed her face into Dawn's hand, kissed her palm as Dawn pulled Heidi closer. Trembling, yet excited, Heidi felt Dawn's lips touch her own as the stimulation and the forbidden occurrence unfolded. She was now stepping out of her jeans as Dawn fondled her titties through her bra and the two girls kissed passionately. Liz came around behind and caressed her shoulders before softly kissing Heidi's back and the back of her neck. Heidi felt a rush of emotions and a huge sexual surge in her aching, panty covered pussy. As Liz kissed her back and neck she also fondled Heidi's exquisite little round ass. 
