 Sarah yawned and stretched out in her bed, then rubbed her eyes and slowly sat up. Her gaze turned immediately to the window and she felt a slight surge of pleasure at the bright sunlight and the cloudless sky. She threw back the covers, cursed the rising dust then swung her legs over the edge, then stood up. She walked across to the window and looked out again; just to make sure there weren't any workmen about or in the near vicinity. There wasn't. She sighed happily, leaned on the window sill and allowed her naked breasts to catch the morning sun.

Below the sill, she wore nothing, nothing covered the narrow triangle of gossamer over her pubes, her naked buttocks pushed out at the rear as she lent forward.

"One day I'm going to be caught out," she said to herself before straightening, turning away and then strolling across the room to the door, she flung it open and trotted down the few steps and into the kitchen.

"Good morning Bear," greeting her lifelong friend with her usual smile.

"What shall I have for breakfast?" she thought to herself and then remembered the battles between her and her long lost mother 

"Uhm, I dunno," Sarah would say.

"You have to eat something. You're far too skinny."

"Oh! Mother," Sarah would snort.

"You are. You're tiny. You're all skin and bones."

"Hardly, mother."

"The only thing big about you, is your head."

"Mother!"

"Well it's true."

And so it would go on until I relented and settled for something like cornflakes.

Settling for coffee and toast, Sarah primed the percolator then went down the hall and entered into the bathroom, grabbing a big towel from the linen cupboard, closed the bathroom door, not bothering to lock it. To lock a door in this old mansion was just asking for trouble, for even closing a door fully could bring unforeseen problems.

Hanging up the towel, she turned and looked at herself in the mirror, eyeing her almost waist-length blonde hair, reasonably pretty face and naturally tanned body.

She had a tiny waist, her hips were slightly flared and there were signs of a wee paunch. She turned and looked at her behind in the mirror. It wasn't bad, really, quite round and firm, though small. She faced the mirror again and stood straight, pushing her chest out.

Funny, she thought, they did look rather big now. When she had clothes on they seemed pretty normal, well, noticeable, maybe, but not this big. Now, naked, they seemed somehow large for her petite body. Maybe it was because of her tiny waist, her thin frame or a result of being on the 'pill'.

Sarah in her youth was something of an athlete and had managed to keep her lithe looks, her body was trim and firm, the muscles of her chest and belly clearly showing when she pushed her chest out. Her thighs were toned, her legs strong and well-proportioned, nicely contoured all the way down to her ankles.

She was no more a narcissist than any other woman of her age, which wasn't saying much, but enjoyed the sight of herself naked. It was still a reasonably new body, after all, it was only a couple of years since she had "sprouted", her lovers had seen to that. She was well aware of how attractive she was to her lovers, how they lusted after her, longed to get their hands on her. Father with his patience and understanding, Chris with his youth and vitality for together they made the ideal lovers.

Oh! How I wish they were here now.

Sarah's thoughts were slowly turning her on, and it wasn't just them any more. The workmen too were glancing at her with lust and desire when she ventured out; real men, men with real jobs, some old enough to be her father. Dear patient father where would I be without him.

She knew what was on their minds. She was no virgin, for she knew all the details involved in sex, her lovers had seen to that. It was exciting, too, though, and she had many fantasies about them writhed naked in front of a fireplace, or on a beach, or in a field of grass...Every time she thought of that her heart gave a little lurch at the pleasure and the intensity of the lust which had rippled through her young body.

But oh it was so difficult sometimes! She cupped her breasts and then slid her fingers onto her nipples, pinching them just a bit, and pulling them taut. They were small and dark brown, but she remembered how hard and sensitive and long they got when her lovers suckled them. How they had throbbed and burned, setting her chest on fire.....Christ! What is wrong with me today, all I can think about is sex.

She shook her head in annoyance, she turned on the water then having checked its temperature; she stepped under the showerhead and began to quickly soap herself up. This morning's shower was a quick one just to freshen up, for following breakfast she had to catch the bus into town for her weekly gym session and then onto the internet café to catch up with her emails from Chris and her father.

She dried herself in the towel then quickly blow-dried her hair so it was soft and fluffy; with no need to apply any makeup Sarah rushed into the bedroom and snatched at this mornings apparel, velvet joggers and crop-top; items such as panties, socks etc; she throw into her gym bag; then realising the time she gulped a quick cup of coffee then snatching at a snack bar since she didn't really have time for a proper breakfast, Sarah raced down the drive just in time to catch the bus.

The bus was nothing special, it was just the regular early morning one, and more than a few of the men eyed her as the pretty blonde woman in the blue puffer and velvet joggers, she ignored the way some of them stuck their elbows out as she made her way down the aisle towards its rear, aware of some looking a bit longer at her crotch than was polite. She sat near the back, her legs chastely crossed, and looked out the window as the bus lurched along. Bored with the familiar scenery she pulled a book out of her gym bag and buried her nose in it, ignoring the world for the half hour ride to the gym.

The world, however, did not ignore her. It was a boring ride, and every now and then one of the men let their eyes flicker across to the pretty woman from time to time. Some merely exercised their eyes, scanning her nice legs and soft, golden hair, enjoying her as they would a pretty picture.

A few let graphic daydreams slide over their minds, their eyes trying desperately to slide up her legs as they imagined her on all fours, bottom in the air, or on her back with her knees shoved hard against her tits.

Today for some reason Sarah was having problems reading her book, her mind kept drifting, sexual undertones seemed to appear in every sentence, and the jolting of the bus slowly forced her joggers deeper into her crotch, the seam of which was now irritating her clit. Looking down Sarah gasped, for there unseen to the rest of the passengers was a perfect 'camel-toe'; quickly she glanced around before raising her ass off the seat and smoothed out the offending material. "Phew! That was a close one," Sarah muttered to herself, as she quickly smelt her fingers for that certain bouquet which only woman seem to possess.

It was only a short walk from her stop to the gym, but the incident had made Sarah very conscious of her crotch, quickly she nipped into the ladies and slipped in a panty-liner hoping it would do its job and wouldn't show too much.

Sarah, still a fairly new member to the gym, began the strenuous routine that the instructor had collated for her; soon she was joined by another newish member Zoe. Now Zoe was about five-ten with long slender legs. Sarah marvelled at the deep bronze of Zoe's tan, even though Zoe's flaming red hair was indicative of a paler complexion. Coming around behind the bars, Sarah quickly noted Zoe's nipples were erect and doing their utmost to poke through the tight T-shirt that covered her chest; the dark brown halo was simple evidence that Zoe was also bra-less. Zoe in passing gave Sarah's ass a seductive pat, a gesture typical of her outgoing personality. Following that simple yet intimate contact, Sarah struggled for the rest of her session; her natural strength and stamina seemed to have disappeared, the more she tried the more flustered she became. Hot and cold flushes began to flow throughout her weary body.

With her session over Sarah was only too pleased to be heading for the locker room and that long awaited shower, today, the locker room seemed to be full of ladies, laughing and giggling in various states of undress.

Sarah quickly removed her running shoes and socks, before and without a second thought stripped off her crop top and joggers. She always felt a slight arousal being naked around others and the thought of Izzy turned her on just a little, but was it just Izzy or the thought of someone else? Christ! there I go again.

A shriek of laughter brought Sarah back to reality. True, they were only ladies, and they were naked too, but it still felt odd and vaguely erotic to be moving around in semi-public utterly naked. Sarah was sure the others all felt the same way, though nobody mentioned it, nor thought much about it.

They all moved about their business, mostly ignoring each other, trying not to look anywhere they shouldn't, lest someone started rumours. All of them must surely feel just a little tingling between their legs, though.

Sarah strolled totally naked into the shower room, moving towards an empty showerhead, she hung up her towel then turned the water on; as she soaked herself, Sarah idly listened to some of the gossip coming from a couple of ladies stood together washing each other; before she began to soap herself up.

She was not thinking of how luscious her body was, or about how soft and silky her skin felt as her hands moved over her soapy flesh. She casually noted the others in her sight, what they looked like, almost routinely comparing herself to them.

Some breasts were bigger, some looked saggy. There were the small, conical ones and the almost flat-chested. That was part of being a female, comparing oneself to others, and she did it routinely, without really even thinking about it. Her breasts, she thought, were just about right for her frame.

Content with her own looks Sarah rinsed the soap off, thinking about what the day would bring she turned off the water then went to the wall and grabbed her towel. She towelled off quickly then wrapped it around her damp hair as she walked naked out of the shower room.

Other ladies were similarly clad, so there was nothing to be embarrassed about. She wasn't consciously showing off, though she didn't mind that other ladies would see her like this and be a little envious. After all she didn't have to exercise regularly to keep her trim figure it was natural; whenever she caught someone eyeing her body, out of the corner of her eyes, she felt a little shivery, a little naughty. Pride was one of the deadly sins, after all, and especially pride in - well - in the naughty things like her breasts and pussy.

Now, that was another area which aroused Sarah's interest, ladies pussy's: for there were those that were bald, some with just a 'landing strip' or a delicate shape and then there was the very hairy, all of which may or may not have matched the owners head colouration, then there was their overall shape and size, were they tattooed or pierced; there were endless questions Sarah wanted the answers too but was too frightened to ask for fear of being labelled.

Sarah averted her eyes and quickly finished dressing and drying her hair, before heading off towards the refreshment bar for a well earned coffee and Danish.

"How'd you like to come over to my place for some breakfast?"

Zoe's question caught Sarah totally by surprise. Zoe was no close friend but over the past few weeks Sarah had got to know her reasonably well.

Gratefully, with a smile and a little shrug of her shoulders Sarah accepted the invitation, for right now she for some unknown reason needed company. With that agreed both women gathered their kit and made for Zoe's car.

After a lengthy drive the area where Zoe lived, was idyllic just narrow country lanes with very few houses. Zoe turned into a twisty tree-lined drive which finally lead to a modern, two-story house with a well kept lawn. The house was a seriously rich looking abode.

Placing her hand under Sarah's elbow, Zoe carefully guided her up the gravel path to the front door. Sarah didn't seem to notice when Zoe's hand ran itself across her ass as she moved to place the key into the lock, her mind was preoccupied with the opulence she speculated she would find beyond the door. Compared to this, Sarah was 'babysitting a shithole' for no other words could describe it.

Whilst Zoe was busy cancelling the alarm system, Sarah admired the elegant spiral stairway leading to the second floor, the glass-ceiling of the hallway leading to the sunken living room caused her to gasp. Zoe guided her down the hallway, through the delicately furnished living room, and over to the bar separating the peach patterned walls of the living room from the lemon and lime kitchen. Following Zoe's advice, Sarah kicked off her shoes; her feet instantly sank into the fibres of the plush deep-pile carpet.

Pouring a glass of vodka for each of us, Zoe raised her glass then sipped its cool liquid. Sarah returned the gesture and briefly shivered at the coolness of the liquid. In passing Zoe gave Sarah an unexpected kiss on the lips, as she crossed the living room, and disappeared through a pair of doors on the other side of the room. It took Sarah a moment or two before she realised what Zoe had done, for she had never done that to her before.

Alone in the room and holding her glass, Sarah walked over to the folding doors at the back of the living room. Being curious she opened one of the doors, this gave way to first a conservatory, then a splendid gazebo. Sarah was too busy overlooking the landscaped garden and Falmouth harbour beyond, to hear Zoe creep up behind her.

"Beautiful; isn't it?"

"Absolutely," croaked Sarah, startled by Zoe's presence.

"And what is really relaxing," Zoe continued, "is a luscious soak in the hot tub over there."

"Yeah," Sarah replied innocently, "if I'd known I was going to be exposed to all this today, I would have put my bikini in my bag before I left for the gym."

"Bikini's, what are they!"

Zoe's words resounded in Sarah's ear as she stepped out from behind her. Her nakedness took Sarah by surprise, her body an elegant picture that should have been on the front of any men's magazine.

Zoe's deeply tanned body, revealed that she spent many hours totally naked under the sun. There was not a sign of pale flesh visible anywhere on her smooth body. Her nipples, under-breast, pussy-lips and inner thighs had turned dark brown by the rays of natural sunlight which streamed into the conservatory.

"Come on, get out of that horrible clothing and join me in the hot tub" said Zoe as she padded across the floor and immersed herself into the bubbling warm tub set flush to the flooring.

The sun disappeared behind a cloud as Sarah pulled her crop top up over her head, her firm breasts unmoved as she released them to the morning air. She felt her nipples harden as she struggled to free herself of clothing. Her silky pubes glistened as she crossed the porch to the hot tub, her mind exploding with questions about her unprecedented behaviour. Then, her thoughts became quiescent as she lowered herself into the steaming water, her thigh brushed against Zoe's outstretched hand as she lowered herself into the soothing warmth of the bubbling liquid.

The early morning sun sparkled as Sarah and Zoe spent the next half hour basking in the hot tub, sipping vodka, and talking about a myriad of things. Sarah wasn't consciously aware that Zoe kept moving closer and closer to her until she felt slender fingers gently massaging the taut flesh of her shoulders. Sarah flinched involuntarily. No man had ever touched her as tenderly as Zoe was touching her now.

"Good god," Zoe chided, "you're tighter than a bow string!"

"Am I" Sarah bemoaned, Zoe's hands carefully kneading her shoulders."

"What you need," Zoe's eyes held Sarah's in their enchanting gaze, "is a nice relaxing rub down."

"Do I," replied Sarah as her head rolled slowly backwards and came to rest on the lip of the tub, "that would be wonderful right now."

"Why don't you come with me, and let's see if we can't do something with that beautiful body of yours."

Zoe turned then arose slowly in front of Sarah; the water draining quickly from Zoe's bare pussy, as it pasted within six inches of Sarah's face; she bent down and placed her hands into Sarah's armpits. Zoe's actions were full of tenderness as she eased Sarah up out of the swirling hot tub, one of her firm nipples grazed Sarah's cheek as she pulled her to a standing position. Her firm lips were tender against Sarah's as she gave her a deep loving kiss, her tongue sliding in between Sarah's lips and exploring the inner sanctum of her mouth, her right hand gently cradling Sarah's left breast, her finger gently plying the stiff nipple which yearned for a tender touch.

"Zoe!" the word exploding from Sarah's mouth as she pulled her face away from Zoe's searching tongue.

"I never thought you were....." her words were stopped by the gentle pressure of Zoe's finger against her lips.

"Shhhhh!" Zoe's riposte was a bare whisper. "Let me be the one to help satisfy the need you've been without for far too long."

Sarah's eyes clouded over like a pair of green opals as Zoe's lips once more found hers. This time her mind swiftly surrendered her body to the loving embrace. Her tongue returned the prodding advances of Zoe's until it almost became a duel, both of them wishing to become the victor.

Sarah stood on tiptoes as Zoe's hands gently cupped her firm buttocks, her nipples constantly brushed against Zoe's as her body arose then fell, her pussy forced in by Zoe's grasp now rubbed against the plump softness between Zoe's legs. Their embrace lasted for what seemed an eternity, until Zoe released Sarah from her captive hands and demanding mouth.

Like two eager lovers playing a game of trains, Zoe guided Sarah back through to the living room and across to the double doors on the opposite side of the living room. Sarah's pussy throbbed with wanton anticipation as Zoe first paused then pushed open the doors. Sarah's was breathless when she spied the room before her.

Zoe's gently traced her hands across Sarah's waist and buttocks as she took in the dusty-rose hue of the master suite. The super king-sized bed set into the floor in the centre of the room instantly caught her eye. Sunlight beamed through etched glass windows, illuminating the massive fireplace on the far wall, it's hearth an exquisite mural of cut natural stone. The black, satin quilt covering the eiderdown mattress, shimmered in the glow of the reflected sunlight, its image clearly visible in the mirrored tiles set into the ceiling.

Zoe's actions were respectful as she propelled Sarah across the deep-pile carpet, her hands carefully holding Sarah's hips as though they were fragile eggs about to hatch. Reaching the wood inlay on the step surrounding the sunken bed, Zoe slid her hands up and cupped Sarah's breast before planting her lips onto the nape of Sarah's neck, then gently sucked at the smooth flesh of Sarah's shoulders.

"Why don't you lie on your stomach and get comfortable, whilst I get something to relax you with?" Zoe's words were an adoring whisper in Sarah's ear.

Sarah just let herself fall onto the eiderdown mattress, her body burying itself in the welcoming softness then shivered with the feeling of the cool satin bedspread beneath her; her mind began surrendering itself to the reality her body was living, her thoughts fleetingly touching on how it might feel to have another woman make love with her.
