 Nancy walked in her front door after a long day at work and almost leapt with joy into the air. The answering machine was flashing at her which could only mean one thing - Patti was in town!! Nancy listened to the message as she started to take off her work clothes, feeling the dampness between her legs as her lover's voice explained which hotel she was staying at. It had been a loooooong month since Nancy met her willowy blonde, and the internet was just no substitute!

Nancy grinned as she thought of the pleasure to come and hurried into the bedroom to put on suitable attire. Nancy was the more experienced one in the relationship, and she wanted to give Patti a night to remember! Searching in her closet, Nancy found just the outfit: a red pullover with a scoop neck, a black leather vest, a black leather skirt, sheer stockings, and red strap 4 inch stilletto heels. Nancy dressed with care, tossed a couple of her "special" toys into a bag and headed for the hotel and her romantic rendezvous.

After a cab ride that seemed to last FOREVER, Nancy found herself in the elevator of the Waldorf Astoria heading for the fifteenth floor. Had it only been a month since they had met? It seemed as if they had known each other forever and both admitted that they had never been so strongly attracted to someone. They had met in a lesbian bar in the Village, and Nancy had found herself mesmerized by this sweet and sensual woman with a body of a goddess!

Every time she masturbated, Nancy couldn't help but picture Patti's shining, mischievous green eyes, her pouty red lips, her pale, rounded breasts that the dress she was wearing could barely conceal. Nancy would always cum as she remembered their erotic night of bliss, and hoped she could top that experience tonight!

The elevator opened and Nancy found her lover's room. Did Patti still have the same feelings? Nancy got her answer as the door flew open and Patti raced into Nancy's arms. Nancy held her tight and they moved as one through the door. Their long, deep kiss spoke volumes and each realized that the other had really and truly missed the companionship. Patti especially was shocked that she could feel that way toward another woman. She had fantasized about what it would be like, but never knew that it could be so nice! If only she was able to tell people about her lover, Nancy. Sadly, they wouldn't understand at home - even though she wanted to yell out from the rooftops, "Nancy is my sexy girlfriend!!!!"

After catching up on Patti's flight and Nancy's week, Patti impishly zipped open Nancy's bag and peeked inside. Nancy grabbed it and playfully chastised Patti, "No peeking!"

"But I'm so curious!" Patti said, standing up and retrieving a small basket of strawberries from the mini-kitchen. "And why did you want me to order these strawberries?"

Nancy said nothing and moved into the bedroom, a teasing smile on her lips. As soon as Patti stepped into the bedroom, Nancy grabbed her and kissed her passionately. It was so tough to go slow! Nancy just wanted to take Patti here and now!!!! Patti began to slide her tongue along Nancy's as they felt the heat build between them. As they kissed, Nancy's nimble fingers began undoing the back of Patti's blouse, wanting to see and touch her lover's naked body.

Breaking their kiss, Nancy helped Patti off with her blouse and watched as her bra-less breasts greeted her with stiff nipples. Oh, Patti had the most perfect breasts! Nancy couldn't help but pay attention to them, so she leaned down and began to tease each breast with her tongue. Patti groaned as Nancy moved her tongue from the swell of her breast to her lovely areola. Standing stockstill, Patti held Nancy's head to her as Nancy simultaneously began to suck on Patti's tit, and work Patti's skirt and panties off.

Mmm...Nancy could smell Patti's wet sex as the panties slide to the floor. She layed her lover down on the bed and had her bring her knees up so that her pussy was exposed. Nancy stared at the sight for a minute and then crawled between Patti's legs...hungry for her taste. Teasing Patti, Nancy blew warm breath over the swelling folds of Patti's damp pussy. Patti moaned her approval, and Nancy began to slide her tongue up and down Patti's wet slit. Patti started to play with Nancy's hair as Nancy began to masterfully tongue her lover, jabbing and thrilling like an expert fencer. Nancy moaned out as she felt her lover's juices flow into her mouth and reached over for a strawberry.

Patti looked down as Nancy paused her oral play and slid a plump strawberry between Patti's freshly-shaved, shiny pink pussy lips. Nancy winked at her lover as she slid two more in, searching Patti's eyes for permission to put in one more. Patti nodded her head and then groaned as she felt Nancy's fingers slide one last strawberry into her.

But that wasn't all! From experience, Nancy knew just how sensitive the anal area could be and she reached into her bag for a slim, chrome vibrator - the Silver Bullet. Going slowly, since Patti wasn't used to anal play, Nancy wet the vibe with her own tongue and then placed it at Patti's cute, wrinkled anus. Patti gasped as the tip of the vibe pressed slowly and surely into her rear and tried to relax and enjoy the sensation.

Inch after inch, the vibrator was pushed past Patti's anal ring and she moved her hips on it. Nancy got the cue and began to move the toy back and forth, vibe-fucking her lover's awesome ass. She then pressed her mouth intimately to Patti's pussy lips and began to suck the red, juicy strawberries from her lover's slippery, sticky puss.

As Nancy chewed and swallowed the first strawberry, she turned on the vibrator and the rest was a blur. The scent of strawberries and sex permeated the room as each woman fucked with abandon. Patti's hips moved in rhythm to the vibrator's thrusts as Nancy pushed her mouth onto the pink folds of Patti's dripping pussy.

One by one the rest of the strawberries popped out of Patti and into Nancy's waiting mouth. Patti could not hold back anymore - between the buzzing pleasure in her rear and her lover's lips on her labia, she was ready to cum.

"OOOOOOOOOOOOOOHHHHHHHHHHHH,OOOOHHHHHHHHHHH,YYEESSS NOWWWWWWW,NAAANCY,NOWWWWWWWWWWW" she yelled out as she came hard and fast. Swiftly, Nancy lapped up the spilling juices as Patti writhed and twitched with each wave of her orgasm. Nancy kept sliding the vibe in and out of Patti's anus until Patti collapsed on the bed. Darlene loved the sight of her lover flushed with a recent orgasm and slowly pulled the vibe out and positioned herself to where she could give Patti sweet, soft kisses.

They stayed like that for a while - Patti curled up in Nancy's arms as they softly petted and kissed.

"Mmmmmmmm, I've been waiting for that since my plane landed at Kennedy", Patty murmered. "But now that I've cum, what about my mentor?"

Nancy huskily replied, "Taste me - take me, love" and moved over to straddle Patti, her pussy inches away from Patti's face. Nancy grasped the top of the thick oak headboard with both of her hands and lowered herself down.

"Ohhhhhhhhhhh," Nancy groaned as she felt Patti's long, slender tongue began to lick her inside and out. Moving her hips against Patti's face, Nancy felt Patti's tongue flicker inside her, tasting her cream. Patti grabbed Nancy's firm ,round bottom and began to nibble and suck on Nancy's red, wet labia. 

"Mmmmmm, Nancy, you taste so good," moaned Patti into Nancy's vulva.

Nancy couldn't help herself, she let go of the headboard, grabbed handfuls of Patti's blonde hair and pressed her lover's face deeper into her pussy directing the motion and placement of Patti's tongue and lips. 

Spouting sexual obscenites ,she urged Patti onward, "OOOO ,YES YOU SLUT...SUCK MY HOT PUSSY, BABY. GOD..YOU'RE SO GOOD. MAKE ME EXPLODE IN YOUR MOUTH, MY SWEET SLUT...YESSSSSSSS PATTI EAT ME, DRINK MY JUICE, SWALLOW IT DOWN..YESSSSSSSSSSSSS!!!!!!!!!"

Nancy thrust her pussy into Patti's face,and came hard, shaking and shrieking like a woman gone wild with lust. Nancy looked down in the throes of orgasm to watch as her cunt spilled sprinkles of warm, viscous cream over Patti's face and neck. Her pussy spasming, Darlene slid back down and each one cleaned the other of the sweet, scented juices - tasting each other on their lips.

After she was able to catch her breath, Darlene winked at Patti and said, "My goodness,you have certainly learned quite a bit since our last time together!"

"Well, I had a good teacher." Patti said, grinning like a Cheshire Cat. "Though I wonder what the next lesson is..."

Nancy reached down and patted her bag, saying "Oh,I have plenty of tricks and toys still to teach, you imp. You have a long night ahead of you."

Patti raised her eyebrows and replied, "It would appear that I had better call the desk and leave a late wake-up call for breakfast."

"Better make that brunch, sweetie," Nancy said with a flick to Patti's right nipple. "Now where did I put that vibrating dildo?"

Patti grinned wickedly,and reached for the telephone.

---------------------------------