 I am running a diagnostic on my reactor when Martina wakes up. She runs her hand across my chest, leans in kisses me then heads into the bathroom. When she comes back I look her over, the swell of her belly is a tenth of a millimeter larger.

"That's it you are eating lighter from now on." I say as she climbs back into bed with me.

"Well maybe I'll give some sex to the neighbors." Martina slaps me on my arm, the emotions from her put her words to lie, she is amused.

I groan and roll over putting her under me, I take my superior strength to task and kiss her. My hands roam down her body nipping and rubbing all the way down then sliding up between her legs. Martina moans when my fingers slide inside of her. They only move inside for half a second, then they are rubbing on her lips, occasional rubs on her clit.

More moaning and her body is moving with the delights I am giving to her. Martina enjoying my hand is a very nice thing to watch, her hips are bouncing, the rest of her trying to rub against me. When her moans turn almost desperate I slide my fingers inside of her and move them about. I hold her down with my free hand to kiss her through her orgasm, her moans echoing in my mouth. When she relaxes lots in the throes of her after orgasm I get up to head for the kitchen.

Martina chases me almost immediately calling it not fair that she didn't give me an orgasm or three. I pick her up and sit her at the table as I order up breakfast for her. I get a glass of water for me and orange juice for her, once I have sat down at the table with her meal Martina sighs and points a finger at me.

"Sar darn it you gotta remember I'm human, I want to bring pleasure to my girlfriend."

"Eat Martina I know you are hungry. Besides I am robot, I have no need for sex unlike a certain woman I know."

She mutters to herself then does eat, looking at me and shaking her head a time or two. She doesn't say anything until she finishes eating, while cleaning up our dishes she opens her mouth.

"There are times when I think you are not looking to learn emotions."

"So says the woman who is still not sure if I am a rebound or not."

Martina puts the dishes back in the cabinets turns to me and somehow manages to not laugh. She walks over to me sits in my lap and can't hold it in. We both laugh for forty four seconds then Martina pulls my head up to hers and kisses me. We just sit there kissing for two minutes, I can tell she is getting excited then I get a message.

"They do not send me a message for three months, and then they do right when we are getting ready for a return to the bedroom." Martina sighs and buries her nose into my neck.

"Maybe they just want to bring you in for a physical, it's my day off even."

"I better buy you a game system, so you have something to do today." I order her a system and give her credit for one hundred games, should be delivered in about an hour.

"You should clone yourself and send your clone off to do the mission."

"How would you know? I could clone myself and leave the clone here." Martina groans, pokes me a few times and gets up. "I'll bring you something really nice back."

"You back is all I need, not that I'm going to refuse a present."

"I'm thinking a needle with the entire library printed on the tip." I say as I stand up putting my suit on.

"That is not funny, between putting up with you and working at Dykes I can only read a book every two weeks." I giggle at Martina's expression.

I give Martina a hug and head for the base, I spend the time flying designing a new necklace for her. This time I go with in her words 'impressive display of income'. The necklace will flow down her chest from her neck meeting between her breasts. It will be littered with rubies, sapphires and diamonds. Design completed I move low down after passing the last of the houses. The land speeds past until I reach the elevator.

Landing I am met by a few of the doctors that created me and a woman I don't know. I smile after bringing up her information, she's the latest liaison between the base and the government. As she walks closer I look her up and down. Her brown hair is swept back from her face to run over her shoulders. Green eyes and a small nose make her very attractive, she has large breasts and a slim little body.

"Hello Sar, I'd like to say it's a pleasure except we have a problem."

"Is it a small problem? Martina has the day off." I get a smile from her at the question.

"I wish it was, days off are supposed to be spent in bed. Instead we have something of a large problem. You are being hunted, not just by humans, but supposedly robots as well. The people behind this want to know if you are a human in a suit, robot, or something else."

"Since I am here they must have some idea of where I live. What am I to do?"

"Head to the White House and show yourself, it will be announced. There is a press conference going on right now."

I take off, no reason to delay any longer than this to reach my destination. The fields of hay and corn looking more like great sheets of yellow paper at the speed I am passing them. There is lots of pointing as I reach houses again, the walkways surprisingly occupied. The White House looks just like the images, the fence is useless yet still there pressed up against the houses.

A crowd is gathered in the yard before a podium that the president is talking from. When I land there is a collective gasp from the reporters, all of them turning toward me. A secret service man asks me to join the president on the podium. I'm watched and recorded all the way up to the podium where I'm motioned up to the podium.

"Why are you here?" There are other questions but this is the only one I need to answer.

"I am here because I am being hunted. I trust you are broadcasting this. I have something to say to those hunting me, I am right here, come get me."

I step off the stage to the side discussing the battle plan with the secret service. I turn down offers of help. I react to threats in nanoseconds instead of seconds. Assuming I turn off the limiter Martina had me implement. Still move faster than a human can, but not excessively so. I perk up at the incoming contacts and swivel to face them.

"Incoming four vehicles that are armed." The secret service agents trade glances.

"There is nothing on our sensors, how far?"

"Twenty miles now, moving fast evacuate everyone."

Madness ensues as the agents try and get the reporters to leave. The president is an easy escape, a tube comes out of the ground and he gets on with two agents. It is not done fast enough, the four vehicles reach the grounds of the house. I shoot one of them right off with my plasma, two charges going into it sets it off. The other three throw men out the doors then attack with their chain guns. The limiter let's the other three drop their cargo and attack before I can track to a second and shoot it.

The remaining two shoot by perhaps hoping to get me to turn to follow them and ignore the dropped men. They are armed with assault rifles as the designation and are moving closer to shoot me. Tracking the vehicles with my left hand I bring out the pistol and start shooting. One bullet to each man. I shoot four before I get a shot at the two vehicles. One shot of plasma proves enough to destroy the vehicle sufficiently to render it inoperable.

Not to say that I am not being shot at or that hits are not scored. I have my secondary getting parts of the downed vehicles, the chairs nearby, and the guns the men are using. With the incoming materials I am simply replacing the lost materials nanoseconds after they are lost. Likely making an impression of strong armor to those watching. Then I hit the last vehicle and can focus all attention on the remaining men.

Some attention is taken away when more incoming targets enter my sensor range. The scans of these targets illuminate a problem so lose the pistol. Instead I use the plasma on the remaining humans. With the last of the human targets drifting away in the wind I fire on the incoming. Just as a test to see if I am facing true robots. A three second flight of purple plasma will show up quite well visually. True robots would have little trouble avoiding.

After three seconds there is an explosion and I am minus one target. Not true robots this does not require removal of the limiter. Then they are in vision range and I'm assured these are not true robots. They are bulky with thickened areas, very tall, and little in the way of weapons. The first to land is vaguely humanoid with a rounded face. In one hand is a large gun with a clip, it fires small cannon shells. There is no back up store of ammo and there are no secondary to create more. A scan of the database reveals that this robot is a recreation from a game played long ago.

In said game there are large humanoid vehicles piloted by humans that fought for control of planets. The first to land is called a Battlemaster, followed by a Rifleman, then an Atlas, and last a Marauder. All of them are outfitted to fit the game designs, though there are no plasma or laser weapons. Every single one is either a machine gun or cannon. There are rockets as well with a limited arc of fire. They are not designed well and the Atlas is cored in one shot.

Forced to move after the opening shot by their return fire I take to the air. Then shoot the Marauder and Rifleman, they have the best chance of actually hitting me by way of their multiple machine guns. Battlemaster has a few machine guns though most of the armament is in the cannon and rockets. I take almost an entire half second to produce a tracker to follow the signal put out by the Battlemaster. After sending the tracker and avoiding a shot I kill the thing then land to get a visual on them.

The design of the machines, are not bad, though it is overly complicated. There are systems on top of systems that do not communicate except through one connection. These systems are redundant which is good, but there is no redundant communications. Definitely designed by humans with either no computer assistance or not enough time to utilize the improved design I already reached. While turning the radioactive materials in the machines to lead I forward my improved design to the base. Almost immediately I am receiving a video conference.

"Sar the design you sent is interesting and points to new ways for us to fight battles. However the more pressing concern is who was controlling the robots?"

"Here is the information I have gathered on the humans. The controller of the machines I should know any nanosecond. At least one of them, I sent a tracker after the controller of the last machine I destroyed."

"These were not robots?"

"No these were radio controlled toys as you would call them. Their actual communications method was wide beam laser from a satellite. The tracker is following the signal and will report when it finds the other location."

Finally the tracker reports on the location. I sign off the videoconference, they were only bickering anyway, then take to the sky. The tracker did not reach the location, it simply tracked the signal to its terminus. Taking to the sky I stretch the limits of my flight speed. Martina has the day off and she wishes to spend the time with me. I reach the location, access to the sea homes with connection to the internet.

It's a simple matter of tracking the signal from the connection to the final destination. Sending out drones to monitor the location and the route I make my way in and fly along the connecting tubes to the final location. There is only one man inside. He produces waste liquids in his pants when I enter his domicile.

"There was no reason to piss your pants. I only wish to know who hired you to attack me."

"I don't know, he never gave his name, at least I don't think he did. He did say a name but Smith can't be his actual name. Look I'm sorry about that, he told us you knew it was coming and wanted it to happen." I track the payments to him and find the person responsible.

"Why did you use designs from a game from so long ago?" He perks up at that, while I'm sending the information to the base.

"Battletech deserves its spot in the limelight again. It was fun then and it's still fun now. You can find the rules and everything for free now but we are going to set up a fighting ring and have contests with battlemechs. Why we agreed to attack you, we got enough money to get a plot of land to use as the arena." I access his computer to get it to bring up the design program then input the design I improved from his machines.

"Use this design instead, they will move better."

I leave him staring at the design to fly out of the tube and into the sky. All the while accessing the information I have on this Smith. In need of more materials I return to the White House to find they are still loading the machine remains on the truck. Taking more than I need I finally track down this Smith and send the information to the base.

When I'm told to stand down I alter direction to the base. This is not logical and I need to ask about it. I'm met by the new liaison to the base and the older man I first became aware seeing. Pulling my suit back in, I replace it with the black dress Martina likes best on me. 

"Why am I to not go after this man?"

"It is complicated. We used some of his research to make you. We altered it in a way he hadn't thought of but if he learns of your existence he would make his own version of you."

"Logic dictates that he dies. He was hunting me and endangered many humans in the process."

"Logic dictated that you kill the pilot of one of those machines. You did not kill him, you instead gave him the design you sent us."

"He was not told the reason for the attack. He was misled, as evidenced by the communications I found. His death serves no purpose. Letting him live can create more entertainment for the humans."

"Likewise it is better to let the man you want dead to live. He is a scientist and can in theory create improvements."

"Sar can do the same thing she has already given us a plasma weapon that is unparalleled." The liaison finally speaks up.

"Yes, however we already have computers with more processing power working with humans. Sar is here to solve the problems that humans can't. As it stands she has done that, you may return to your girlfriend."

While flying back I realize I have feelings. Not from Martina, I shut down the signal reception just to be sure. I'm having actual feelings. I'm feeling upbeat at the idea of seeing her again. I'm also feeling down at the prospect of computers with more processing power. The feelings are puzzling and I am unsure as to what they mean so speed up to ask Martina. Reaching home and going inside Martina runs to me and jumps in my arms to kiss me.

"I watched what happened at the White House. I was scared for you, not that I needed to be."

"I'm having feelings and I don't know what they mean." Martina squeaks and moves to be put down then leads me to the sofa.

"Alright, tell me what you are feeling and in relation to what."

"I was upbeat at the idea of seeing you again." 

"Promising, tell me is it just seeing me or do any thoughts of me do the same thing?" I process the question and do a test to see if it is anything about her or just seeing.

"It seems to be everything about you I am upbeat over. Is there an error in the emotions program I created?" Martina kisses me and shakes her head.

"No my dearest, what you are experiencing is love."

"Is love only for one person?" She shakes her head.

"There are different kinds of love. There is the love of the person that you have sex with, there is also a love of a person related to you. There are other people you only talk to, that you can love, that is called friendship."

"A person related to me, does that mean brother or sister and so forth?"

"Yes, you more or less love them because you are related. It makes no sense so don't think about it. Now were there other feelings?"

"Yes it is confusing. Thoughts of computers with more processing power made me feel the opposite of love."

"That is called jealousy you want to be the best. Can't you add processing power?" Millisecond scan of parameters inform me that I can increase my processing power.

"Yes I can, are you enjoying the games?"

"Some are quite interesting, most though are not for me. I think you should set to creating games that are for us lesbians."

The smell and nearness of Martina suggests she wishes to partake of sex not discuss games. Filing away the suggestion I wrap her up in my arms and take her to our bed. Setting her on the bed I remove my dress and move to get close enough to kiss. She stops me with her hand and shakes her head.

"I want this but you promised a present."

"I hope you like it." I produce the necklace and hand it to her.

"It's beautiful." 

I help her put the necklace on her neck then move in for the kiss. Her legs spread while I kiss her with tongue. My hand moves in and caresses the folds of her pussy. Martina moans into the kiss and starts moving. More love fills me as I finger her, the feel of her pussy around my fingers producing the love. Our tongues duel in her mouth, though that is not what we do. I learned how to do this from her so I meet her every need. I get her to reach orgasm in eight minutes and thirty two seconds, a personal record.

While she is moving in the throes of her first orgasm I drop lower and start licking her. I find I love the taste of her, which is illogical since it is not a fluid I need. Still as she has told me many times, logic be damned. Her hands tussle in my hair while she guides me around to where she wants me. I at first thought it was not needed but her body is not logical. What she needs to reach orgasm again varies on a per sex basis. Finally my tongue is deluged in her orgasmic fluids and she is moaning loud.

She pulls me up to kiss her and enjoy her own fluids. Then I'm being rolled over and Martina kisses her way down my body. I reach orgasm while she is sucking and teething my nipples. I reach orgasm again when she first reaches my pussy and licks my clit. Martina giggles then starts eating me as she puts it. Her tongue exploring my folds and the depths of my pussy that she can reach has me experiencing orgasm a full five more times before she moves up to kiss.

Rolling us over I produce a cock, or as she puts it a strap on. I rub against her until she's moving back then slide inside of her. Her orgasmic welcome of me has me smiling then I'm moving. She moves with, her pussy trying hard to keep me inside of her. Moving down to suck on her nipples one at a time I work her to orgasm. Her legs lock around me trying hard to keep me from moving in her any more. When she lets go of me I continue to move, working her for another orgasm.

"No more cock, come to me as my girlfriend."

Withdrawing from her I lose the cock then position myself facing her feet. She is the first to begin licking, I am a half second behind her. Our tongues explore each others pussy with happy results. I reach orgasm in one minute thirty seconds, though I am easy to get there. Martina has said I should not slow it down, she likes having me reach orgasm so readily. I seem to be experiencing happiness as well as love while I lick her. Then Martina is reaching orgasm and I'm very happy, if that is what the feeling is.

I keep licking her through the orgasm and beyond, even though she is no longer licking me. Martina whimpers and moans a few times. Then she's reaching orgasm again, though only a small one.

"Sar no more, I'm done. I need a nap please hold me."

Moving around on the bed I get us both under the covers. Martina snuggles up to me filling me with love and perhaps happiness. I have felt the same from Martina for all sorts of things. 
