 She was sitting on the couch, with her feet kicked up on the coffee table when I walked in the door. She had on a black fitted baseball cap, plain white v-neck t-shirt, and a distressed pair of loose fitting jeans. She was completely relaxed, sitting back hitting her eHookah. She had been waiting for me, I knew that, and I had been waiting for this moment. We locked eyes as I came in and shut the door. No words had to be said, her caramel brown eyes said it all. I smiled a sheepish grin and simply said hi. She smiled a big grin and told me she was excited that I was finally there. She took another hit and exhaled. I walked over to the couch and sat next to her. 

"Can I hit that?" I asked, nodding towards the ehookah, but smiling because we both knew what we wanted it to mean. 

"Of course." She said as she handed it to me. "I just filled it with a new flavor and I can't wait to see what you think of it."

I took it from her and inhaled. I closed my eyes, feeling the smoke hit the back of my throat, letting the vapor take me away. 

We'd always smoked hookah together, it was kind of our thing. Now that we had the eHookah we could hang out anywhere and smoke, but my favorite place is always her couch.

As I took a hit off her new flavor, I felt as if life was moving in slow motion. It was a smooth flavor, one I could inhale forever. There was a sharp, tangy twist to it though that made it really feel good. I had only been there a couple minutes, but already I was relaxed and happy. Happy, I could hardly believe it. I let the pen leave my lips and held it in for a second longer, enjoying life in that very instant. Just before I was about to exhale, I felt her hand slide across my leg and her lean into me. I opened my eyes, trying to play cool, trying to act as if there was nothing out of the ordinary happening. She told me to let it out, with her just an inch from my face. I'm surprised I didn't choke on it and cough all over her, but it felt so right. I parted my lips and the vapor rolled off of them, just then she looked me dead in the eyes, parted her lips, and inhaled the vapor coming out of my mouth. She inhaled every bit I exhaled, then blew it out and smiled at me. She still had her hand on my leg and it was like she had activated every nerve in that area and that was all I could think about. When she invited me over that afternoon this is the exact moment I was hoping to share. 

I was trying to read her, I wanted to know where to go from here. What were the boundaries? Was I supposed to react? Should I back off? Life was still going in slow motion, but I was ok with that. I wanted this moment with her to last forever. 

I leaned in this time and closed the last couple inches that lingered between us. As my lips landed on hers, she inhaled quickly, and I could feel her let go. It was like suddenly the tension that we shared was gone. Everything in the world was right, at least everything in our worlds. 

We continued to kiss, with an intense passion. A passion that flowed through our now connected bodies, a passion I didn't know was even possible in real life. 

I put my hands on her hips and pulled her closer to me. She ran her hand up my side and put her fingers through my hair. Our mouths never left each other and we just got closer. I put a hand on her back and leaned in harder. As more of our bodies touched each other it was as if my body was feeling for the first time. My chest pushed against hers, our legs tangled together, and I heard a quiet moan escape her lips. I smiled in my head because I knew how bad she wanted me, and how much I wanted her. 

I pushed even closer and harder against her body and we leaned back to lay on the couch. My mouth left her lips and found her neck, while my hand moved from the small of her back to her hip. I slid my hand under her t-shirt and moved upwards. I played with the edge of her bra, just for a second, then cupped her boob and gently squeezed. She arched back, moaned again, and pulled my tighter to her. 

"You are amazing!" She gasped into my ear. 

"I'm barely getting started." I whispered back. 

I sat up, straddling her now, just to enjoy the view and slow things down. I wanted this time to be savored. I wanted her to beg for it. 

She propped herself up on her elbows and just looked at me. 

"You're killing me and I think you know it." She said, smirking. 

"Not only do I know it, but I'm enjoying it!" I said back to her. 

I ran my hands back under her shirt, this time taking it off. I leaned down and started kissing her again. Kissing her hard. I was going to fuck this girl. My hand found her boob again and continued massaging it. Our bodies were grinding together, pushing back and forth, about to explode. I pushed my leg in between hers and pushed more on her. She grinders gainst my leg and pushed her body tight against mine. I twisted her nipple between my thumb and finger, then slid down and popped open the button on her pants. We kept kissing and grinding against each other. My left hand was still playing with her nipple, my right slid under her jeans and boxers to touch her clit. She let out a loud moan again as I ran my fingers over it. She was so wet, so ready. I pushed to fingers inside of her and I felt a quiver run through her body. I slid in and out of her with force, but not too fast. I nibbled on her ear and told her how badly I wanted her to cum as I quickened my hand thrusting. She was moaning and arching her back. I continued getting faster until i felt her body begin to tighten around my fingers. Then I started making circles inside her and she screamed as her nails dug into my back. Then I slightly bent my fingers inside of her and went back to thrusting. In and out, harder and harder. Her back arched, her toes curled, her nails dig in, and she bit my shoulder as she screamed again. Her whole body shook as I felt her juices run down my hand and she tightened around my fingers. I just held her against me and after she orgasmed I left my fingers inside to feel the tremors that followed. 

I kissed her neck and lips as she settled down. I took my fingersoout of her and pushed myself up so that I could kiss her more. I started at her lips and then her neck, then moved to her chest. I stooped at each nipple, just for a second each. She was moaning again, but I could tell she was exhausted. I didn't care, I wasn't done yet. I continued kissing down her stomach, past her belly button, to her perfectly kept pussy. I could smell the sex in the air, and it just turned me on more. She started moving her hips and grabbing my hair as I got closer to her clit. I brushed over it lightly with my tongue, and I thought she was going to lose it again. I started licking harder on her clit and she pushed her hips against me as hard as she could. I was ducking on her, licking her, and pursuing my tongue inside of her. She was begging me for more. Screaming my name and grinding those amazing hips. I started sucking on her clit again, then slid 2 fingers back inside her. She was so wet I couldn't believe it. I added a third finger to make it tighter and started pumping. She couldn't stop herself. She started to cum again and I fucked her as hard as I could. Her juices ran again and I sucked them up until she stopped shaking. I kissed my way back to her lips and just collapsed on top of her. She was mumbling about her head spinning as we just laid together.

My mind was racing because I had wanted this for so long. I couldn't believe the things we just shared together, the things we just did to each other, yet, I wanted more. I never wanted to leave her arms, I never wanted to stop touching her. The way she touched me and made me feel was enough to send me over the edge, every time.