 I have always had the hots for my boss, Sara; she is a beautiful sexy woman that would make anyone shiver when she walks by. She has a wonderful ass and gorgeous tits that make my mouth water and my insides quake. The one nice thing about her is she is also my sister in law, so I get to see her quite often! I love going to work because I know that she will be there!

One Wednesday I went into work and of course she was there. She had on her little green skirt and her see through blouse. I could tell from looking at her that she had been chatting with her beaus online because her nipples were hard as rocks. This just made me even hornier than I already was when I got there. As I walked by her I ran my hand up her back and across her neck which sent a little shiver through her. She purred like a little kitten and I knew that she was too horny to turn me down for too much longer!

I went on about my work and didn't pay much attention to Sara. She was on her laptop chatting and giggling. Every once in a while I would look over at her and she would look up. The look she had in her eyes was unmistakable, pure lust and desire. There was also another look there though, uncertainty. I know that Sara had never been with another woman, and that is why she was always flirting with me but never making any rash moves. I would love to be her first and show her the way to total feminine pleasure.

Sara was giggling again and I was getting curious as to what she was giggling about. I walked over to "check the tickets" and glanced down at her screen. She was reading the "Lesbian Sex" section of Literotica! I couldn't believe it. Sara wasn't an outwardly sexual person but by god she looked the part! Now that she was reading this I knew that she was thinking about taking a new lover, this time a woman. I was hoping I could be that lover. 

I walked behind her and whispered in her ear, "Do you like reading that?" As I did I ran my tongue lightly over the edge of her ear and listened as she moaned ever so lightly.

"Yes, I do." She uttered in a raspy voice that sounded so sexy. I ran my hand up her back again and listened to that sudden intake of air that signaled that she loved how it felt. As I ran my fingers across her neck and back down her back she let out a soft whimper. "Please, don't stop, that feels so good."

"Are you sure? Is this really something you want?" I was hopeful that she wouldn't say no, but prepared for it. A lot of women think they want it then change their minds at the last minute. "I am going in the back, if you really want it come back there." I walked to the back office of the store and started to file paperwork. Pretty soon I could hear her close her laptop and walk to the back with me.

"I haven't ever done this before; I don't know what to do." She looked at me with those beautiful eyes and blinked as though she was scared.

"It is up to you Hun; you know I won't hurt you. If it what you want I will show you things you have never felt before." I grinned at her and put my hand on her hip pulling her closer to me. She followed without any hesitation and looked into my eyes and smiled. I ran my hand back up her hip and over her side to her breast. As I kissed her I softly kneaded her breast, making her whimper. Her nipples were so hard, I took one in one hand and rolled it between my fingers while I continued to kiss and nibble on her lips. I slowly ran my hand up under her shirt to where her bra stopped and ran my fingers lightly over her belly, I know she is extremely ticklish here but this sends shivers through her again. I love that sound that she makes when she is horny; she kind of whimpers and moans all at the same time. It is so sexy. I reached up and pinched her nipple slightly as I lightly bit her lower lip. She moaned and I could feel her knees get weak.

"Why don't you lean up against the safe, before you tip over Hun?" I giggled as she grinned sheepishly. She leaned up against the safe and I walked up and put my hand on her thigh. She put her hand on top of mine and directed it upward, I knew what she wanted and I wasn't about to deny her that satisfaction. I ran my hand up under her skirt and discovered that, once again, she didn't have any panties on. This was a common occurrence at work lately, sometimes I think especially just for me! "No panties huh? I love it when you do that! You do that just to tease me don't you, you little vixen!"

"I might, you never know!" She is such a little tease. I ran my fingers over her little mound and she got weak in the knees. She was already wet so my fingers naturally slid in between her lips. As my finger slid over her clit she gasped and moaned. I could see the shudder run through her body. As I rubbed her clit with one hand I reached up and pushed her shirt up revealing those big beautiful tits. I pulled her bra down and took her hard nipple into my mouth flicking my tongue over it, making it harden even more. She started to moan even louder and move her hips in time with my clitoral ministrations. 

I continued to rub her clit while paying much attention to her beautiful nipples. I could feel her breaths coming even faster, and I could feel how wet she was so it was no problem when I slowly slipped two fingers into her hot waiting cunt. She let out a gasp then groaned with delight as I slowly stroked her cunt and nibbled on her nipples. I continued stroking her wet cunt while I got on my knees and slowly flicked my tongue over her little pleasure nub. She screamed out in pleasure and I was glad that I had taken a moment and locked the door before coming to the back that way no customers were in the store to hear her. I could taste her nectar as it flowed over my fingers and I loved the way her sweet juice was flowing over my hand. I continued to strum her sweet pussy while licking her little clit, then when I felt her tighten around my fingers I slid a third finger into her tight pussy and sucked her clit into my mouth. This was all it took to push her over the edge. I felt her cunt tighten up around my fingers and I quickened the pace of both my tongue and fingers while she came on my face and hand. I am sure that her screams could be heard throughout the parking lot and I didn't care. I continued to rub her pussy until her orgasm was complete then I rose up and kissed her long and deep, reveling in the fact that I was her first bisexual experience.

"So Sara, was it everything you expected?" I grinned like a Cheshire cat while I pulled her skirt down and help her adjust her clothes.

"Oh, it was so much more than I expected! That was the best orgasm I have ever had! But you didn't get anything?" She looked as though she was feeling guilty.

"Oh honey, I got off watching you come. Believe me I am in no way complaining the least! You have the sweetest tasting pussy I have ever had; I would welcome the chance to do that again! And maybe teach you all about making love to women?" I couldn't help but smile, I had gotten off simply from tasting her pussy and hearing her moan. She was wonderful, and I was so pleased. I only hoped this wouldn't be our last time. I had many plans for the future.