 Sara arrived at the mall at 12:45. She casually walked past Professional Woman, the store where her mistress had ordered her to shop. It looked like a normal, everyday women's clothing store. At exactly 1pm, Sara confidently walked inside and strode to the counter. There was a young girl, no more than 19 working behind the counter. Obviously this was not Maggie the owner. 

The girl introduced herself as Andi and came around the counter. The girl had dark black hair and dark makeup. She wore a chain around her neck and had a pierced tongue She looked almost gothic, except her clothes were more professional. She wore a short black skirt with a white blouse, stockings and high heels. She looked very qualified to work in a high-end clothing store. As Andi moved around the counter, Sara could not help but notice her legs. Andi asked if there was anything in particular Sara was looking for. Still distracted by Andi's legs, Sara didn't really hear the question. Andi repeated herself. This brought Sara out of her daze. She excused herself and said she was here to see Maggie. Andi said, "Of course you are. I'll go and get her." Andi disappeared down a hall. Sara watched her ass the entire way. She was starting to feel excited.

Andi returned with a statuesque woman with jet-black hair. She was about 40 Sara guessed. Toned and tight, her suit hid a body that Sara knew would be exceptional. Both women mesmerized Sara. They were perfectly professional looking. One was absolutely elegant and one had obvious hints of kinky below. Sara felt her pussy moisten and wondered where this afternoon was headed.

Maggie introduced herself and shook Sara's hand firmly. "My friend Mrs. Anderson tells me you are going to a party at her house tomorrow. What kind of clothes are you looking for?" asked the shop's owner. "Well, I'm not sure. I want to look professional and sexy, but not trashy and cheap," replied Sara. "Well we don't do cheap, but we certainly can do sexy and even trashy on occasion. Let's look around the store and see what your tastes are like," continued Maggie.

Maggie led the naïve woman around her store. The selection of clothes was all very nice, but not what Sara had in mind. Maggie kept up a continuous stream of small talk while pointing out different items. While doing this, she "accidentally" brushed up against Sara's arm several times. This was distracting to Sara. After not having an orgasm the day before, Sara was primed. Although Sara didn't know at the time, Mistress A had kept Maggie very well informed. Everything that was going to happen in the shop was planned and with purpose. As Maggie steered Sara through the narrow aisles, she found, or rather planned, reasons to need to get past Sara to show her a specific item. This gave her an excuse to "innocently" press against the young woman's backside. Once she even moved in front of Sara and could easily feel her hard nipples. All was going well. Sara was flustered.

After looking through the entire store, Maggie asked if there was anything Sara liked. Sara had to admit she had not seen anything appropriate for the party. Everything looked like it belonged in an office. Maggie admitted that was their primary client. An older woman who wanted to look professional at work. She assured Sara they would find something. Maggie paused  and then looked Sara straight in the eyes. Maggie then gave Sara a half smile. "I know what you need. You are not attending the party, you are serving at the party." Sara looked down and then admitted Maggie was correct.

There was a long pregnant pause.

"Don't worry my dear, I have just the outfit for you. I have clothed several of Mrs. Anderson's serving girls. I know just what she likes... a professional looking slut."

Maggie's statement sounded like a judge's sentence to Sara. At least in the privacy of her bedroom Sara could conceive that her actions her just part of a game. Now the game was real. Sara's head was spinning at this new development. In the matter of 10 seconds, Sara was undone having gone from professional woman to wanton slut. Sara weakly replied to Maggie, "Yes. That is correct. I am Mistress A's slut and slave."

"Very well then. Let's go down the hall," said Maggie. I have a smaller showroom with clothes you may prefer. I'll be right back, Andi. Watch the front of the store please."

Maggie led the way with Sara following. Sara was captivated by the sway of Maggie's butt. Her perfect figure was all Sara could focus on and they made her drool with lust. As Maggie stopped to unlock the door, Sara practically walked into her. Maggie just smiled. Mrs. Anderson was right about this one being ready to pluck.

Sara entered the room and saw several racks of leather clothes as well as a few materials she was not familiar with. There were also several display cases with dildos, vibrators, handcuffs and other toys she could not identify. Sara was pretty sure how they would be used, however. On one wall, all manner of restraints, whips, ridding crops, collars and leashes were found. Another wall was all mirrors. Another had hooks, probably to test the restraints, Sara assumed. The last wall had a doorway in the middle and a selection of fetish videos and magazines.

"So what do you think of my other store?" asked Maggie.

"I'm speechless," replied Sara.

"Ok, let's begin. Through that door is a changing room. Go in there and remove everything but your panties and we shall begin."

Sara tentatively set off to the changing room pausing only to look around the room one more time and wonder what she had gotten herself into. As she enters the changing room, she is surprised to find a room at least 20 feet by 20 feet. If only her bedroom was this big. There was a clothes rack with hangers, a couch, a chair, a stool, a sink, a 3x3 foot platform about 2 feet high and lots of mirrors. Just like when she first saw the back showroom, the sight before her took Sara aback. She had never seen such a room in a clothing store.

Her concentration was broken by the silky voice of Maggie. "Well don't just stand then, get your clothes off. I don't have all day for your fitting."

Maggie then pressed a button on an intercom near the changing room door. She told Andi to close up the shop for a few minutes because she needs help with a fitting.

Sara blushed a little when she heard Andi would be joining them. While older women obviously held a fascination for her, he had never found young girls particularly appealing. Of course, now, she didn't have a choice. Andi was going to see her. All of her.

Sara removed all her clothes and neatly hung them on the hangers. Maggie looked her up and down and then smiled. "You have a lovely body. I can see why Mrs. Anderson took a shining to you. I think I can find just the right look for you." Sara just smiled, her legs quaking.

Andi entered the room. She looked at Sara but gave no expression, either positive or negative. Sara thought Andi must see this kind of thing all the time not to give any reaction to a naked woman in the back changing room. Andi handed Maggie a tape measure and opened up a small notebook. Maggie proceeded to take every possible measurement of Sara's body. Not only the usual inseam, waist and bust, but also calf circumference, neck size, arm length and ankle size. She then started to massage Sara's breasts so her nipples would harden. Maggie then measures the size of Sara's nipples. Finally Maggie pulled down Sara's panties and took intimate details about her pussy lips and even her clit size. All the while Maggie kept up a disarming banter while calling out the measurements to Andi to put in the notebook. The irony was not lost on Sara. Here was a woman pinching her clit in order to measure it talking about the new fashions being released in the coming weeks. At the same time, her helper was focused on taking down the appropriate figures and completely unfazed by the situation.

By the time Maggie finished with her measurements, Sara was practically panting. Her arousal was obvious, although neither Maggie nor Andi mentioned anything.

"Thanks Andi. I'll take it from here. I'll let you know if I need anything else," proclaimed Maggie. "Don't go anywhere Sara. I'll be right back with some things for you to try."

Maggie left the room and Sara took the opportunity to sit down. She wanted to masturbate in the worst way. But obviously her mistress was well known to Maggie and Sara was worried Maggie would tell Mistress A she had not followed instructions.

Maggie returned a couple of minutes later with a garter belt, black stockings and shoes with a 4-inch stiletto heel. "We'll start with the basics. Always wear stockings instead of pantyhose. They feel much sexier and so will you."

Maggie handed the items to Sara and then turned and left the room.

Sara was glad to have something other than the heat emanating from her pussy to worry about and was happy to have something to put on. The stocking slid up her legs with little resistance. Sara luxuriated in the feel. These were obviously a higher-grade stocking than she was accustomed to buying. The garter belt was made of leather. It fit her waist perfectly. The snaps were just the right length to meet the stockings. Maggie was very good at getting her fittings right. Finally Sara put on the shoes. The heel accentuated her legs and tightened her butt. Sara slowly turned the front of the mirrors admiring herself. For a moment, Sara forgot why she was here and for what she was getting dressed.

The sound of Maggie returning startled Sara. "Very nice" offered Maggie. "You'll do fine." Maggie then handed Sara a white corset. "Over time you will grow accustomed to the feeling, but for today, it might be a little uncomfortable. We need to get you to the gym to tone up a little more." Sara was taken back. She always felt she was in great shape, but she said nothing. Maggie had Sara step into the unlaced corset. "This one is a little more forgiving for your first time. We will build up to a more rigid model over time."

Sara was worried. The garment was not laced up yet and already she was feeling constricted. If this was the "easy" corset, what would the more unyielding one feel like.

Maggie strained with the laces. "I think I need a little more help. Just a minute." Maggie again used the intercom to instruct Andi to head to the changing room. "Sometimes it helps to have an extra set of hands."

Andi returned. This time she gave Sara a sly smile. "How may I be of service?" Andi said knowingly. "I need to tie this corset, but the laces are very tight. I need you to squeeze the corset tighter so I can tie it. It is probably a size or two too small, but anything bigger will not look right," Maggie said clinically. Sara was sure it was just an excuse to further fondle her body.

As Maggie stood in back of Sara working on the laces, Andi stood in front of the young girl and pressed her body into Sara. Andi wrapped her arms around Sara pushing both sides of the corset toward the center. She started low, just above Sara's butt. Andi's head was just about Sara's smoldering pussy. Sara was sure Andi's air supply was anything but pure. As Maggie worked the laces, Andi moved up Sara's body. By the time Maggie reached the top, Andi's face was buried in Sara's breasts. Andi did not actively try to stimulate the young wife, much to Sara's disappointment, but her hot breath dancing on Sara's breasts was an indirect tease. Finally Maggie was done. As Andi was taking her arms from around Sara, she tactfully ran her finger over Sara's very moist slit. "Just the way I like them... wet and willing to do what they are told," whispered Andi into Sara's ear. "I hope to enjoy you later."

Again Sara was left to look at herself in the mirror while Maggie went looking for the next item and Andi went to mind the front of the store. Sara was amazed at how the corset made her waist look smaller and therefore her hips looked bigger. She started to see an hourglass figure she had never been able to achieve despite years of exercise. The corset also gave her a deep cleavage. Sara's breasts were of good size, but this garment gave her an amazing amount of support and separation. Sara had not realized it when Maggie and Andi were lacing the corset, but there were cutouts in the bra section. Sara's achingly hard nipples fit perfectly in the small holes and would be visible under any garment. This obviously was the plan, Sara thought.

Maggie was not gone long. She returned with a sheer, white silk blouse. She told Sara to slip it on. Maggie told Sara to hold her arms out to the side and started buttoning the blouse. Surprisingly it was loose fitting. Maggie explained since this was an informal event, Sara's top should flow when she walked. Maggie had her move around the dressing room while looking at the mirror. Maggie was right, thought Sara. The fabric gave an almost fluid hint of movement every time Sara stopped walking.

"Oops, I almost forgot. Come back here for a second," exclaimed Maggie. When Sara returned, Maggie unbuttoned the top two buttons and produced two rubber bands. The small bands looked like the kind dentists use, Sara reflected. Maggie said, "We have to make sure these nipples keep standing at attention or this look will not be complete." Maggie proceeded to place the bands over Sara's nipples. Sara could feel the blood flow restrict. She only hoped they would not be on very long.

Sara's look was almost complete. All that was missing was a skirt. Maggie said she knew exactly which skirt Sara needed and only took a minute retrieving it. The skirt was leather. No surprise there. Sara was surprised at the length. It was actually not too short and reached about two-thirds of the way down Sara's thighs. The snaps from the garters were completely covered. Except for her hard nipples showing through the blouse, Sara thought she look every bit the professional woman. She didn't feel professional. Her leaking pussy and corset made every movement remind her of what she was. But at least to the uninitiated, she looked normal.

"Let's get Andi's opinion, shall we?" offered Maggie. "Walk out to the front of the store."

Sara walked back to the front counter. Her steps were tentative since she was unaccustomed to walking in heels so high. Andi offered a warm smile and told Sara she looked magnificent. It was then Sara noticed her outfit was almost a copy of what Andi was wearing. Maggie had Sara walk around the store again to help her acclimate to the heels. When Sara struggled to maintain her posture, Maggie said all of her clients must learn to walk in heels and Sara needed to practice. Maggie waved Sara back to the counter. "I want you to walk to the other end of the mall and back," instructed Maggie. She then picked up the scissors. Maggie flipped up Sara's skirt and casually cut off her panties. "These panties do not match the rest of your outfit. At the end of the mall, you will find a Victoria's Secret. A friend of mine manages it. Ask for Susan and tell her you need to buy a couple new pairs of thongs. Return here after you are done."

Sara stared in disbelief. She certainly did not want to walk around the mall without wearing her panties. She wasn't thrilled about walking around with the rubber bands either. She knew Susan would notice her curious state. Sara felt vulnerable and embarrassed but most of all aroused. She had been aroused since entering the store, but each successive event of the day was building on her psyche. Sara knew if she had the fortitude to go through with this next task, the fire inside her body would have to be quenched. At this point she didn't care if Mistress A punished her. She needed an orgasm.

Sara nodded that she understood the instructions and walked out the door. She knew the location of Victoria's Secret. It was at the opposite end of the mall. As Sara set off, she could feel the chill of the air-conditioned air flowing up her skirt. Sara heard nothing but the click of her heels as she focused on her task. Her nipples were painfully hard. She was sure people were noticing, but she did not look side to side to see who was watching. Sara walked with a purpose. She wanted to get out the mall and get home to her vibrator. She also thought about what Susan would say when she got to the store. 

Sara entered the store confidently. At least, she felt, she could not show her emotions. Another well-dressed older woman approached Sara. "You must be Maggie's friend. She told me you would be stopping. I'm Susan and I think we have what you need."

"I'm sure you do," responded Sara. "But I am in a bit of a hurry. I just need to pick up a couple of thongs."

"Of course. Please follow me," said Susan.

Susan led Sara to the back of the store. No hidden rooms in a franchise store, thought Sara. I am safe here. Susan brought Sara to a shelf full of thongs. "I think this is what you are looking for. From what Maggie told me, your size should be on the lower shelf."

Again, Sara just nodded. It was obvious that Susan knew exactly what was transpiring at Professional Woman. Sara bent over to look at the thongs. She knew better than to bend at the knee. Besides, the skirt would hug her ass. Sara felt she would not be showing anything. Sara was also happy they were at the back of the store away from prying eyes. As Sara bent over, she felt Susan's hand on the small of her back. She recognized this as an instruction to remain bent over.

"I would love to keep you here all day or even take you home," Susan admitted. "But unfortunately management frowns on that type of behavior. I'll have to make do with a quick check to see how much you enjoyed the walk over here." With that straightforward statement, Susan reached under Sara's skirt and gently drew her finger over the flowing slit of the young woman. Sara wiggled her behind appreciatively. "I see you like it," whispered Susan. "I bet you would prefer this, however."

Susan suddenly inserted two fingers into Sara's happiness opening. Sara gasped, but made no effort to stop her. Susan gave Sara about 20 quick thrusts and then removed her hand. She wiped her wet fingers under Sara's nose and told her to take her purchases to the counter. Sara looked pleadingly at Susan, but she just turned and walked back to the office. Sara decided against following her and instead paid for her garments. Along the walk back to Professional Woman, Sara's thoughts were with Susan. Sara knew she would have climaxed quickly if Susan had not stopped. Sara had been reduced to a rutting animal always ready to have sex with whoever asked.

When she returned to the first store, Andi was still in front, but Maggie was nowhere to be seen. Andi said her boss had to run out for a few minutes, but that she had left instructions for Sara to change back to her original clothes. Sara walked back through the secret showroom preferring that changing room to the smaller ones in front. As she was passing the display cases, Sara slowed to get a good look at all the products. Her memories of being tied and blindfolded earlier in the week had haunted her because of her body's out of control response. But here, the implements of her submission were laid out as if they were commonplace. Sara continued to the changing room where she found Maggie waiting for her.

"Did you enjoy the walk across the mall? Are you getting comfortable in the shoes?" Sara answered affirmatively to both questions. "You have done very well today. Take your clothes off so I can box them for you," continued Maggie. "Let me help you with the corset."

As Sara disrobed, she noticed Maggie watching her intently. "You know Sara, I am a very good friend of your mistress. If I call her and tell her how good you've been today, I bet she would let you orgasm. Would you like that?"
