 Sara stared at her friend lying on the couch watching TV. She couldn't get over the fact that she had turned into such a beautiful woman since she had seen her last. It had been about five years ago when Michelle had chose to move to a different state to start over in a new life after her divorce. Michelle had had a rough marriage to Tyler for three years and it had showed in how she had kept her self-back then. Never dressing up, putting on make-up or even caring if her hair was fixed. When Michelle had finally moved out and filed for a divorce, Sara had been so happy for her. It had been hard when Michelle moved but they had kept in contact over the last five years on the phone. Sara could tell her friend had bloomed in spirit as they talked over that period of time.

Mentally shaking herself of those thoughts she look at Michelle lying on the couch. Michelle had let her brown hair grow passed her shoulders to the middle of her back. It was now shiny and somewhat curly from a perm she had done. Her eyes were defined by her long lashes, which enhanced her bright blue eyes. Her nose was pert and cute with wide full lips always ready to smile. Sara looked at her slim throat and the then went lower to discover her shirt had come unbutton a few buttons in her restless move on the couch to get comfortable. She could see the hint of cleavage and the thrust of Michelle's breast in the way she laid. Sara stared at her breast intently for a moment guessing them to be about 36C. Sara felt a tingle run through her as she looked at Michelle's breast. She was shocked that she felt this. Sara realized her friend was turning her on. Looking lower at Michelle's body, Sara knew she had a slim and firm stomach. She had seen it the other night when they had went swimming at the hotel pool.

Michelle was now wearing a buttoned down white shirt that reached her mid thighs. And nothing else. It was late and they would probably go to bed soon. Looking at Michelle's legs slightly tan from the tanning bed, Sara saw they were toned and smooth. Again Sara felt a slight tingle in her body except it was now in her stomach. Sara thought to herself, "Geeze what am I doing," as she quickly diverted her eyes to another part of the room. When she finally focused she realized she was staring at the mirror on the wall. It was so huge you could see almost the entire room. Sara saw herself and analyzed how she looked. She knew she was attractive and that men stopped to stare at her occasionally. Her soft curly strawberry blonde hair was to her shoulders and framed her face very nicely. Her eyes were green and surrounded by long lashes also. Her nose couldn't be called small and pert, but for her face it fit perfectly. Her mouth was wide and full with a slight pout on the bottom lip. She has had many complements on that by men.

Her breast was smaller then Michelle's being 36B, but were pert and sensitive to the touch. Sara liked how they felt when she twisted her nipples sometimes as she masturbated. Her stomach was smooth and tight from working out twice a week and her hips although not big were rounded just right. Her legs were not overly long but toned, smooth and shapely. Sara knew she had a good body and sometimes liked to stare at herself naked in the bathroom touching all over to see how her body reacted.

"Sara, why are you so quiet?" Michelle asked her with concern.

Jumping slightly from hearing her Michelle, Sara turned her head and smiled.

"Oh I was just thinking is all, you know me always lost in thought," Sara laughed.

"Okay then, I was wondering," said Michelle as she smiled at her.

Sara looked at Michelle turning her head to watch TV and knew she couldn't tell her friend she was checking her out. That would embarrass the both of them too much. Getting aggravated at herself for even thinking about Michelle in an intimate way Sara jumped off the couch and looked toward the kitchen.

"Would you like a beer?" Sara asked Michelle.

Looking up from the TV Michelle lifted her head to her friend and smiled.

"Yea it sounds good. Thanks Sara." Michelle said.

"Not a problem." Sara stated as she headed into her small kitchen.

Sara reached the kitchen and headed for the fridge. Opening it up she noticed there was a twelve pack left over from her friends coming over the other night. She smiled slightly to herself as she thought of them all drinking and sitting in the hot tub outside. She had had a blast that night and had paid for it the next day when she had gotten up. Sara giggled to herself as she thought about her hangover. All that morning she had swore to her she would never drink again and now here she was reaching in the fridge for more beer. Grabbing two, she raised up and shut the door on the fridge. Sara headed back in the living room and approached Michelle with her arm holding out the beer to her.

"Here you go," she said smiling still thinking about the other morning.

Michelle looked back up and smiled at her again reaching for the beer.

"You are too nice Sara," Michelle said as she took the beer and opened it with her other hand.

"Hey what are friends for but to help you get drunk and stupid!" Sara laughed as she too opened her beer.

Laughing Michelle replied, "That's so true. I like the way you think."

There was a moment of silence as Sara thought again of the other night with her friends. She knew Michelle would be staying with her for a week visiting and thought maybe she should ask her if she wanted to relax in the Jacuzzi. Michelle had been complaining about how tired and stressed she was from her job back home. Coming to the conclusion she would ask her Sara walked over to the TV.

"I got an Idea Michelle," Sara said, "How about we kill this TV and go out to the hot tub and relax in it for awhile?"

Michelle looked at her and started to get up from the couch. Which exposed more of her upper thigh. Sara's eyes were glued to it. Looking at the new exposed leg with interest.

"Yea I do think that is a good idea." Michelle responded not noticing where Sara was looking.

Quickly diverting her eyes off Michelle's legs, she reached over to turn off the TV. Straightening up she looked at Michelle and smiled.

"Follow me," she said and started heading for the French doors leading outside. As she got there she looked back to see if Michelle was behind her. Noticing she wasn't Sara paused in opening the door. Michelle was still at the couch although standing looking sort of confused.

"What's wrong Michelle?" Sara asked, concerned.

"Well...." Michelle replied, "Should I go upstairs to get my bathing suit or what?"

Laughing with relief Sara relaxed. She had been worried for a second that Michelle was upset.

"If you want you can I can wait for you," she said.

Michelle looked at her and asked, "Well are you going to change?"

"No, I just get in naked myself ." Sara told her, then relaxing Michelle might be uncomfortable with that quickly stated, "Unless you feel funny seeing me like that?"

"No that's okay Sara," Michelle laughed, "We both have the same thing anyway. I just didn't know what to do is all." She stated as she visibly relaxed while she started walking toward Sara. Feeling excitement rushing through her body Sara realized right then she would get to see her friend totally naked for the first time. Her hands shook slightly as she turned around to open the door leading outside on the deck. Sara hasn't felt this excited in awhile and her mouth was dry with anticipation.

Walking out into the hot night with a slight breeze to make it livable Sara looked up at the stars. They were very visible tonight. Not a cloud in the sky. She looked down around her as she stared at the small area of woods beside her house. Sara had no neighbors close by for she lived off the main road in the woods. So she was able to come out her anytime she wanted naked to relax in her hot tub. She loved the silence in the night and the stars. She hoped Michelle appreciated it to. Looking back to see what was going on with her friend, she noticed Michelle had laid her beer down on the deck and was reaching for the bottom of her shirt. Sara stopped dead watching as Michelle lifted her shirt slowly over her body. Smooth hips came into view first then white panties. It seemed eternity that Michelle was taking in getting off her shirt but Sara knew it was only a few seconds. Lifting higher over her stomach Sara saw finally the curves of her breast underneath. Sara's heart started beating fast as her breathing became faster. She could feel herself getting wet just by watching this little bit of Michelle's strip show. Michelle lifted up higher, and Sara saw her breast fully.

"MY God!" Sara thought to herself, "They are beautiful."

Sara stared at them so pert and round with perfect small nipples in the middle. Mentally groaning Sara felt the need more then ever to touch and feel them. Thoughts popped in her head of even tasting them. Michelle moved the shirt up over her head as Sara quickly looked away. Not wanting her friend to catch her staring. Moving fast and trying to slow down her breathing Sara moved to the hot tub to turn it on.

"WOW this wind feels good," Michelle said.

Sara not trusting herself to look at her friend replied while watching the bubbles form in the tub.

"Yes it does feel real good," she said slowly as not wanting to give away the excitement in her voice.

Testing the temp of the water, Sara felt the warmth and moved away from the tub. She reached for her tee shirt at the bottom and flipped it over her head quickly, wanting to get in the tub fast. Not looking at her friend she reached down and put her fingers on the sides of her panties and slid them down over her hips. Letting them fall to the deck and flipping them over to the side with her foot. Taking a deep breath Sara finally looked up at her friend and caught her breath. Michelle was staring at her body intently. She could see Michelle's eyes looking over her breast, stomach, hips, and legs slowly. Sara felt herself getting even moister between her legs as her friend accessed her body. She couldn't believe how turned on she was by this. She had never thought of her friend this way before tonight. Sara had never even been with another woman. Her breathing coming faster she watched as Michelle lingered on her pussy. She knew that she kept it trimmed and nice. She had a small line down the middle where her pubic hair was reaching the top of the lips, while her lips were shaved smooth. Often Sara liked to rub her hands up and down the outer lips to feel how soft it was after each shave.

Michelle finally looked up at Sara's eyes with amazement in them. Looking at each other silently for a moment Michelle just stared for a minute.

Clearing her throat loudly Michelle said breathlessly.

"My God Sara you have an incredible body."

Blushing slightly Sara looked down at the deck and answered, "Thank you."

With that nothing else was said as Michelle reached down to her panties to slide them down also. Sara looked up and stared straight at Michelle's pussy as it became exposed. Sara felt a jolt of excitement as Michelle slowly uncovered herself. Swiftly sucking in air in shock, Sara saw that Michelle was completely shaven. No hair at all to see. She was very excited to see her lips gleaming in the night, looking slightly plump and holding each other tightly together as it hid its secrets.

"Mmmmmmmmm..." Sara moaned in her head as she felt her nipples grow hard. She was so completely aroused at what she was seeing. She wanted to touch her right then. Worrying that Michelle would notice her being aroused she started to move.

"Let's get in the tub before we get cold," Sara said to try to get her mind off of Michelle's body.

Walking toward tub the Sara stood next to it and slowly slid her left foot in. Bubbles circled her foot swiftly as she felt for the step with her toe. Finding it she quickly slid her one leg in then her other as she moved down into the tub. The sensations of feeling the warm bubbly water around her body were exceptional. Turning around to face Michelle she lowered the rest of her body in the water. Her breast felt as though they were floating softly. She sighed and leaned back sitting on the bench in the tub. Closing her eyes she let the water wash over her, hoping that her excitement would go away. She heard rustling from Michelle, then splashing, as she knew that Michelle was inching her way into the water. Sara didn't dare watch for she knew she would show in her face she wanted Michelle. Since the tub was only made for two people maybe even three there wasn't a lot of room in it to where you didn't touch each other underneath the water. Sara felt Michelle's satiny legs as they shifted around to get comfortable. She moaned out loud by accident from the jolt of electric shock that went up her body.

"Are you okay, did I hurt you?" Michelle asked concerned.

"Yes, yes I am fine," Sara quickly reassured her." I just like the feel of the water," she lied not wanting to give the real reason.

"Okay," Michelle said as she settled back on her bench and looked around. Both stayed quiet for a moment as they enjoyed the feeling of the tub and water. The night was quiet yet relaxing also. Which made them both loosen up. Finally Michelle reached over to the edge of the tub to pick up her beer and take a sip. Hearing the rustle in the water. Sara opened her eyes to see what happened. Michelle was looking at her smiling as she swallowed her beer.

"What?" Sara asked Looking at her friend.

"Oh nothing I was just thinking you were great to ask me come stay and spend time here so I can relax," Michelle replied.

Smiling slowly Sara looked for her beer also, finding it and lifted it up to take a swallow. When she was done she smiled at Michelle.

"Well I was being somewhat selfish " Sara said starting to giggle, "I wanted to see you and I knew I could lure you here with saying it was to relax."

"And it worked." Michelle said laughing.

"I had hoped it would." Sara replied.

Taking another swallow of her beer Michelle looked around the area of the deck. Clearing her throat she looked at the woods near the house.

"You know you have a lot of privacy here don't you?" Michelle asked.

Looking around also, Sara started nodding her head in agreement.

"Yes I do. That's why I bought this house, I wanted to be able to have this Hot tub one-day and I got it " she smiled as she thought of her one pleasure.

"I can see why, I can already feel myself relax," Michelle responded.

Sara looked over her friend's body that wasn't covered by water and she was indeed looking less stressed in her shoulders and face. She thought with happiness that she was glad to help her friend find some peace for awhile. That's when she noticed something sticking on the side of Michelle's neck.

"Michelle," Sara said, "Honey you have something on your neck."

Michelle lifting her hand automatically tried to find what it is. The only problem was everywhere she touched she seemed to have missed it.

"No, No to the right," Sara would say. "Now to the left," she continued.

"I can't find it," Michelle said getting aggravated by this losing battle. Her hand moved all over her neck to find the offending spot. Sara started to laugh softly as she saw her friend struggling not to get pissed off.

Sighing, Sara laid her beer on the deck with a smile and straightened up. Her breast came above the water as she moved around. Her nipples got hard again from the exposed air and tingling from the waters seduction.

"Hold on I will get it," Sara said as she moved over toward Michelle, her eyes intently on the spot.

"Oh okay Sara thanks," Michelle said as moved her head back to expose her neck to Sara. Michelle closed her eyes and laid her trust on her friend to fix her problem. Sara moved in the water to get closer still to her friend. Finally getting close enough to touch her Sara looked at Michelle's neck intently. She could see that it wasn't a bruise or something like that, which was good. Reaching up with her hand she softly touched Michelle's neck at the spot. She moved her finger softly over it to make sure it wouldn't hurt Michelle in case it was a bug. Totally into what she was doing Sara never noticed that her body had moved to rub Michelle's softly. Michelle of course had and her breathing became faster when she got a tingling in her stomach.

Sara's breast rubbed onto Michelle's as she picked off the offending object from Michelle's neck. Moving it closer to her eyes Sara looked hard at it to see what it was. It seemed to be a piece of a leaf from one of the bushes around Sara's house. Sara Smiled slightly as she looked up to shows Michelle what she had discovered, completely unaware of Michelle's excitement. Sara looked into her friend's eyes with humor till she noticed her friends breathing was becoming ragged and her eyes were clouding up with lust. She suddenly became aware of her body so near Michelle's and how the water squeezed in-between them. She also noticed Michelle's breast rubbing against hers too. Sara's body became suddenly alive with excitement . She could feel heat starting again in-between her legs as she looked her friend in the eyes. She knew then that she could be with her intimately. She saw the lust become more visible as each second went by. Sara moved her body slightly closer and rubbed her breast closer to her friends. Michelle gasp spoke volumes to Sara and pure pleasure went through her as she sees her friend is aroused. Michelle lifted up slightly to adjust, which brought her floating breast above water. Sara was entranced; she felt the need right then to taste them. Without saying a word Sara looked into Michelle's eyes, smiled and leaned her head down to Michelle's left breast licking the top of it. Michelle's groan was deep as she moved again to help Sara get better access to her breast. Sara moved her tongue all over her breast before lifting it up softly from underneath to bring the nipple into her mouth. It instantly hardens in Sara's mouth. This drove Sara to be bolder as she moved her body closer towards Michelle to where water couldn't even get between them.

Sara sucked on Michelle's nipple softly as her hands moved in the water toward Michelle's body. Sara felt a natural high at knowing she was going to be able to touch what she has so wanted in the last hour. She was amazed Michelle was letting her do this, but quickly put it out of her mind and just went with the flow of enjoying the moment. Michelle moved slightly as Sara's mouth sucked harder on her nipple.

"Oh God Sara that feels good," Michelle moaned out softly as her hands moved to wrap her fingers in Sara's hair. Sara moaned in response as she moved her hands under the water to trace her fingers across Michelle's belly. Sara moved her head to pay attention to the other breast as she moved her tongue all around the nipple, finally setting her lips around the areola and sucking it in her mouth. Michelle jumped slightly from the sensation of pleasure. Sara moved her hands up to cup both breast firmly and to squeeze slightly as she sucked on the needy nipple. Michelle was moving her body towards Sara's and grinding her hips on Sara's leg. Sara was highly aroused by this new and sexual experience. She knew she wanted to give Michelle as much pleasure as possible.

Gripping Michelle's breasts in each hand Sara paid as much attention to Michelle's nipples as possible. Ever so often switching back and forth sucking each on in turn. Michelle moaned and squirmed also moving Sara's head in closer to her breast as possible. Finally Sara lifted up her head and looked into Michelle's eyes again.

"I want to touch you, taste you, lick you, and smell every single part of you tonight," she said.
