 Sara was worn out after Friday's activities at the mall. She wanted nothing more than to sleep in as late as she could. She knew the kids would be off hanging out with their friends and that Frank would busy himself around the house. At 7:45 a phone call woke her up. Frank picked up the phone in the kitchen, but the damage was done. Sara was wide-awake.

The call was from Jim Anderson, her husband's boss. He said one of the players in his regular foursome came down ill last night and they had an opening. He asked Frank if he would like to play golf today. Without even checking with Sara, he said he would love to. Jim told Frank he would pick him up in an hour.

Frank came upstairs to find Sara still in bed, but obviously upset about being awake. He gave her a good morning hug and a light kiss on the lips. Looking a little sheepish, he told Sara about his invitation to play golf. Although Sara was secretly happy Frank would not be home today, it would give her time to send a lengthy email to Mistress Heather without being disturbed, she could let him off the hook too easy. She chided him for not wanting to spend time with her. He responded that playing golf with the boss was good for his career and therefore good for her also. After a brief exchange, Sara gave in and told him to have a good time.

Since she was awake already, Sara figured she should shower and start the day. Yesterday she had taken a quick shower when she got back from the mall, lest the odor from Sam and Glenda's fucking be too pronounced. This morning she had time so she figured a leisurely bath was in order. If she couldn't sleep in, at least she could luxuriate in the tub for half and hour. Sara drew a hot bath and poured scented bath oils into the water. While waiting for the tub to fill, she tried to examine her ass in the bathroom mirror. This was something she had never really done before. She still felt tender on her backside and wondered if there was any visual evidence of her activities. Having never really looked at her asshole, Sara wasn't sure what was normal and what was irregular. It looked normal to her, although there might be a little swelling. After the onslaught it took yesterday, Sara figured it was in good shape.

By now the tub was full and Sara lowered herself into the inviting water. The hot water felt great washing over her. Sara lay back and let the warmth soak into her bones, the bath oils teasing her nostrils with the scent of lavender. Sara felt totally alive. After about 20 minutes, the water had cooled enough for Sara to think about getting out. Having not shaved her legs for a while, she figured now would be a good time. She got out of the tub and retrieved her razor from the vanity drawer. While pulling out the drawer, her pubic hair caught her eye. She had never shaved her pussy before, but her brain snapped back into slut mode and told her that is what she should do. Certainly Mistress Heather would like her more if she were bare.

Sara rooted around in the drawer for a small scissors. Some years back Frank had grown a beard and used them to trim it when it got too bushy. Sara found them buried under a bunch of other things they never used. Sara wasn't exactly sure how to start. She sat down in her make-up chair and tried to bend over to get a good look at where to trim. She was semi successful, but wanted a better view. Looking back onto the vanity countertop, she spied a medium sized hand mirror she sometimes used to get a close-up view of her make-up. She picked up the mirror and examined her pussy. Sara now had a good view, but not much room to work. Her solution was to lift and spread her legs and place them on the countertop. There has to be an easier way, she thought, but at the moment this would work fine.

Sara made quick work trimming her pubic hair down to fine stubble. She then returned to the bathtub with her razor, shaving cream and the mirror.

Sara quickly dispatched the hair on her legs and under her arms. Like so many times before, this task took only around 5 minutes. Shaving her pussy would be more difficult. Even though she used a safety razor, Sara was not about to take chances with her most private of body parts. She determined the best position would be lying on her back so she could hold the mirror above herself. Sara let out most of the water so her pussy was clearly accessible. She then lathered it up and let the cream soften the hair for a few moments. What a vision she was, lying in an almost empty bathtub with a mirror and razor in her hands with a shaving cream covered pussy.

Sara again had the problem of having enough room to operate, so she draped her left leg over the side of the tub. "Thank God I remembered to lock the door," she thought to herself. "Somehow I don't think Frank would understand what I am doing."

Carefully, ever so carefully, Sara proceeded to shave the stubble from around her pussy. She left a little right around the lips. Without a free hand, she didn't feel comfortable going in too tight, but at least it was a start. After she finished shaving, she turned on the handheld nozzle from the tub. With the gentle spray, she washed away the shaving cream remnants. Unprotected by hair, the arching water droplets we free to contact with her clit, an unexpected but very welcome bonus. Why didn't I do this before?" went through Sara's mind as the soothing water flow tickled her most sensitive region.

Sara was tempted to hold the nozzle in place and pleasure herself, but she wanted to see Frank off and didn't want him to get suspicious why she had been in the bathroom for so long. Reluctantly, Sara got out of the bathtub and toweled off. She looked in the mirror once again and liked the bald vision reflecting back to her. "No wonder men like shaved women," she thought. "I hope Mistress Heather likes it too."

Sara looked out the window. The sun was shining and it looked like a glorious spring day. "Perhaps a nice run would be a good way to enjoy the day," Sara thought. Heading to her walk in closet, Sara picked out the same running outfit she had worn to the park the day Cindy Anderson seduced her. The grease stain had not fully come out from where Cindy had spanked her with the spatula, but it really wasn't noticeable. Sara wasn't dressing to be noticed, at least not outrageously so. To her tight white running shorts, Sara added her running bra with a pink crop top, which showed her abs to nice effect, along with white socks and running shoes. As she started to dress, Sara decided a little hidden fun would be nice and grabbed one of the thongs she got from Susan at Victoria Secret instead of her usual cotton running underwear. Although totally unnoticeable, just knowing she was nearly bare and cleanly shaven beneath her shorts excited Sara. As she looked in the mirror one last time while walking out of the bedroom, Sara was pleased with what she saw. Fit and trim, she did not look like a 37-year-old woman. Sara thought she could pass for 27 if she tried. Satisfied with her outfit, Sara headed downstairs just as Jim Anderson was arriving.

Frank: "Honey, Jim is here. Can you open the door? I have to get my clubs."

Sara: "Sure."

Sara opened the door as Jim was heading to the garage.

Jim: "Good morning Sara. I heard you had an interesting day yesterday."

"How does everyone always know what I have done," Sara thought to herself.

Sara: "Shhh. Frank doesn't know."

Frank: "Don't worry; your extracurricular activities are our little secret. By the way, Cindy is expecting you at our house in 15 minutes."

Sara started to blush as Frank appeared from the garage carrying his clubs. He set them down and came over to give Sara a quick goodbye kiss. 

Frank: "Thanks for letting me play today, honey. I'll make it up to you tomorrow."

Sara: "Don't worry, dear. I'll find someway to amuse myself."

With that exchange, Jim and Frank headed toward the car and Sara walked back into the house. With only 15 minutes to get to Cindy's house, Sara didn't have time to change. She scampered upstairs to retrieve the Ben Wa balls and butt plug. Sara looked out the window and saw Jim's car pulling out of the driveway. Satisfied they were gone, she ran downstairs, grabbed her purse and headed to the garage. Sara's mind was filled with questions as she drove the two miles to Jim and Cindy's house. She wondered what Cindy would make her do. Cindy had already threatened to punish Sara for not returning the toys last Sunday. Sara worried what that might entail, but at the same time, she was looking forward to submitting to the older woman again.

Cindy arrived at the house with two minutes to spare. She gleefully trotted up to the front door. There was a note taped on it. Sara could not believe what she read.

"Welcome slut Sara. If you are reading this note, you got Jim's message. Slaves are not allowed to use the front door. You are to take your clothes off and then walk, don't run, around the house to the basement door. The door will be unlocked. You will find additional items and instructions on the pool table. You are to follow the instructions and wait for me." The note was signed Cindy.

Sara was not surprised by the content of the note. This type of treatment and the tone was in line with how her relationship with Cindy had evolved. What surprised Sara was that it was on the front door of the house. Anyone walking up to the door, the UPS driver, a girl scout selling cookies, anyone could have read the message. Sara also was not too keen about removing her clothes on the front porch. The Anderson's lived at the end of a cull-d-sac so at least there would be no drive by traffic. Sara peaked around the side of the house and didn't see any neighbors outside. She figured the odds of someone watching the front door were minimal, so she quickly dispatched her crop top and running shorts. Standing in her running bra and thong, Sara once again made a quick assessment of the block. It was still quiet, so her shoes and socks were next to come off. With a deep breath completed, Sara finally pulled off her bra and pulled down her thong. A rush of excitement flowed through her body. She was proud of herself for being able to strip in public, even if nobody was watching. Two weeks ago she never would have been able to do that.

Sara left her clothes on the front porch, grabbed her purse and calmly walked around the fieldstone path to the back of Jim and Cindy's house. The last time she made this trip she was fully clothed and the sun was setting. Today she did it naked and in broad daylight. Because of the location of their lot, only one house had any windows that faced the side of the house. Sara didn't notice any lights on, but she quickened her step, just in case. The cull-de-sac dead-ended into a large expanse of wetlands. There were no houses that backed to Jim and Cindy's for at least 500 feet, maybe more. As Sara moved into the backyard, she started noticing how nice the landscaping was. The only other time she was there, she was too distracted to look. The yard had been professionally landscaped, that was for sure. There were trees, shrubs, bushes, a garden and a gazebo with what looked like a hot tub. Very nice, Sara thought. Maybe someday we will be able to afford to live in a house like this.

Sara approached the door to the basement. She was surprised there was no note attached to it. Sara half expected more instructions before entering the house. Sliding the glass door open, Sara walked inside. Looking around, Sara started thinking about the last time she was there. Her memories flowed as she looked at the couch and even the door to the unfinished section. Sara felt her pussy moisten. She would have liked to spend more time reminiscing, but her peripheral vision caught the edge of the pool table. Quickly moving too it, Sara spied a number of items, although no clothes. True to the instructions on the front door, there was another piece of paper. Sara dropped purse on the pool table and picked up the note.

"You've done well this week, my pet. I will be back in town Tuesday night. If I receive a good report from Cindy, I will send for you on Wednesday. If I don't, this will be the last contact we have. You are to put these items on that lovely body, bend over the pool table and wait for Cindy. Follow her instructions for the remainder of the day. Serve her as you want to serve me and you will do fine." - Mistress Heather.

Sara read the note twice, her arousal becoming more insistent. With her left hand, Sara brought the note to her nostrils and took a deep breath. The paper smelled faintly of the perfume Sara knew to be her Mistress' scent. Sara's right hand moved down to her pussy and began rubbing her outer lips. Sara took another deep sniff of the paper and then looked down at the top of the pool table.

There six item, five made from leather. The first item was ankle cuffs with a short chain holding them together. The second was a belt with a small strip of leather running from the front to the back. It took Sara a couple of moments to figure out the function of the strip. She wasn't pleased when she realized it was a chastity belt. This might be a long day indeed. Third was the only non-leather item. Sara recognized this item immediately. They were nipple clamps. Fourth was another set of leather cuffs. They were padded on the inside and clipped together. Fifth was a collar with a large D-ring on both the front and back. The last item was a blindfold. Sara had a love/hate relationship with being blindfolded. On the hate side, she wanted to know what was going on and who was doing it to her. At the same time, she had never been as turned on as she was lying in her bed the first time Mistress Heather had taken her when she couldn't see what was happening. Absent from the table was any type of footwear. This surprised Sara because she assumed there would be leather boots or some kind of high heels. 

Sara took just a moment examining the items spread before her and then started getting "dressed." It didn't take long. She started with the leg cuffs. Sara sat on the cold basement floor and attached both cuffs. The chain between them was only about twelve inches long. Sara would not be able to move very quickly. Standing back up proved to be more of a challenge than she anticipated. Without being able to spread her legs, Sara had difficultly gaining the necessary leverage to stand up. After two failed attempts, Sara rolled onto her knees and used the edge of the pool table to pull herself up.

Next, Sara had to decide what to put on next. Clearly the wrist cuff would have to be last. Sara assumed her hands were to be bound behind her back, so that made their position in the order simple. The blindfold would theoretically have to be second to last, so Sara had three options. She chose the collar next. Sara wanted to wait as long as possible to put on the clamps and wasn't too thrilled about the chastity belt either.

The collar fit very tight. Much tighter, in fact, than the last one, she remembered. There were two big rings, one in the front and one in the back, in addition to two smaller rings on the sides. The collar was also wider than before, covering most of her neck. Sara wondered what was likely to be attached. She didn't see a leash, but obviously the collar was there for a reason. 

Next Sara put on the chastity belt. Her pussy was very wet by this point and she was disappointed to cover it up. Sara had been discretely feeling herself up and knew she could make herself cum with little additional effort. This belt was her signal not to continue. The strap, which ran from the front to the back, was wide enough to cover both her pussy lips and the crack of her ass. When she tightened the belt, she attempted to sneak a finger underneath, but that was not going to happen. The stubble from where she had shaved her pussy rubbed against the strap in a most irritating way. This seemingly minor annoyance grew in importance as Sara attempted to walk to a wall mirror to look at how the collar and belt looked. The rubbing of the stubble was very noticeable and not in a pleasurable way. Still Sara liked what she saw in the mirror. She had become more accustomed to wearing leather and her light skin set off the black color. The smell of the leather collar permeated her thoughts. She knew why she was wearing it and the scent was becoming a memory fragrance. Mistress Heather knew that soon, every time Sara smelled leather, it would turn her on. Mistress Heather understood how scent was the strongest of the five senses for memory recall. It is why she always wore the same perfume around Sara and had put the aroma on her note. Mistress Heather was an expert at programming the unconscious mind of a submissive. She had big plans for Sara and everything had a purpose.

After allowing herself a few stolen moments looking in the mirror, Sara was brought back to reality by the faint sound of a garage door opening. "Cindy must be home and I'm not fully dressed," snapped into her mind.

Sara hobbled back to the pool table and grabbed the nipple clamps. She rubbed her right nipple with her index and middle finger, but for some reason it wasn't getting hard enough to put the clamp on it. Sara began to panic. Cindy would be here in moments and Sara's procrastination would cost her. Sara tried to focus on "sexy thoughts" but her unnerved state was in control instead of her arousal. Sara heard Cindy's footsteps move across the floor above her. She shut her eyes and tried to think back to the fucking she received at the mall. She bent over the pool table and rubbed her breasts on the felt while remembering Sam slamming into her unprotected pussy. Sara was still having trouble focusing and a vision of Mistress Heather whipping her ass as punishment replaced Sam's face. She was still being fucked, only this time is was her Mistress' strap-on doing the penetrating. This visualization did the trick. Sara's pussy became wetter and her nipples stiffened enough to allow her to attach the clamps. The note didn't specify how tight to make the clamps, so Sara just made them tight enough to stay on by themselves. Sara then grabbed the blindfold and put it on her forehead. After it was ready to be put in place, Sara grabbed the wrist cuffs attaching one to each wrist. Finally she pulled the blindfold down, swung her arms behind herself and clipped the cuffs together. As she heard the footsteps approach the basement door, Sara bent her over the pool table once again and waited for Cindy to come downstairs.

Sara's mind was racing with thoughts about what was to come. She heard footsteps upstairs, but could not decide how many people were walking around. It could be one, two or three. Her mind could not come to a decision and was playing tricks on her. Certainly Jim would not be home. Or would he. Perhaps the golf game was just a ruse and he had told Frank everything. Sara struggled with that thought. She wanted to tell Frank but was unsure about how he would react. Sara rattled the chain between her wrist cuffs. Positioned as they were, she could not unclip them. Escape was not an option. Whatever was going to happen was going to happen. Minutes passed. Sara could hear her heart beating. Sara began to lose track of time. How long had she been bent over the table? Sara strained to hear anything. All movement upstairs seemed to have stopped. Did Cindy leave? Was this her punishment? 

Finally Sara heard the basement door open and footsteps on the stairs.

Cindy: "My, my, what do we have here?"

Sara: "A slut."

Cindy: "Good answer. Have you brought back my toys?"

Sara: "Yes mam."

Cindy: "Very good. Keep your answers short, don't speak unless spoken to and we will get along fine today."

Sara: "Yes mam."

Sara could sense Cindy moving around her, as if appraising what she saw.
