 Sara had been on pins and needles for days, ever since Cindy told her to expect Mistress Heather would contact her on Wednesday. Sara had done as she had been instructed. Saturday she sent a lengthy email to Mistress Heather detailing what Cindy and done to her, how it made her feel and what she had learned about herself from the experience. Sara hoped her actions would please her. Sara longed to see Mistress Heather again. So far their contact had been to the periphery of Sara's decent into submissive slutdom. Sara had learned that Mistress Heather had been directing her 'soft training' as Cindy had categorized the last two weeks. Sara had serviced her mistress only twice and the first time she was blindfolded and didn't even know it was her. For the past week, Sara had been following instructions from a woman who could still reject her, a thought too dreadful to believe.

For the past three days, Sara had been vigilant about keeping her husband, Frank, happy sexually. Over the past two weeks he had definitely been the lucky recipient of Sara's increased libido. Even if he didn't know what had caused the change, he was happy about it. Sara also followed the instruction to masturbate at least four times per day and to stop just before she climaxed. At first, on Sunday, Sara was still on a sexual high from what Cindy had done to her on Saturday. It took Sara fifteen minutes of effort before she reached the point where she needed to stop. As the week wore on, Sara's desperate need to orgasm steadily brought down the amount of time she could touch herself. Sara was in a constant state of arousal. Her panties were always damp. She had gone from masturbating twice in the morning, once in the afternoon and once in the evening, to sticking her hand down her pants every chance she got. She would rub her clit for just a few seconds before having to pull her hand away. Sara wanted to believe Mistress Heather would not know if she climaxed, but given the methodical way she and Cindy had played her body over the past two week, Sara knew that was just an empty wish.

Wednesday morning Sara woke early. She had not had a restful night. She tossed and turned as her mind was bombarded with sexual dreams featuring herself and Mistress Heather. The day had finally come. Paying heed to Cindy's comments about keeping her pussy shaved, Sara began her day with that task. She had bought mirror that had a stand and magnified its image. This made her task of shaving much easier. She quickly dispatched the stubble now growing around her pussy and brought herself to the brink of an orgasm with the shaft of the disposable razor. Sara was on edge. She needed to cum with the greatest sense of urgency she ever felt about anything.

Sara the showered using a pleasant smelling body wash and put on a casual pair of jeans and a t-shirt. By this time the rest of the house was beginning to stir. Sara headed to the den and checked her email. No message yet. Sara left the computer on so she would receive any messages from Mistress Heather immediately. She then headed to the kitchen to prepare breakfast for Frank and the kids.

Sara decided to make eggs for the family. As she was flipping the scrambled pieces over in the pan, the spatula triggered a flashback to Cindy in the park. This was happening with greater frequency. Sara would see or touch a common item and her mind would remember an event from her new life. Her pussy would invariably gush in a most embarrassing way. This is what happened standing in front of the stove. Sara was thankful she wore regular panties today. The cotton would soak up her juices without furthering her already palpable embarrassment.

Sara served the eggs along with some raisin toast and excused herself. She headed back to the den to see if Mistress Heather had written her. Alas there was no message. Sara was disappointed. The ache in her pussy needed to be scratched. She sat down on their office chair and stuck her hand down her pants once more. If Mistress Heather did not contact her soon, Sara felt she could not be responsible for any orgasms she happened to have.

Sara was close to cumming. Very close. She tried to pull her hand back, but it didn't want to. Sara felt she was losing control of her cognizant actions as her subconscious mind was controlling her actions. Just before her self-imposed celibacy was ruined, her computer beeped that there was a new message. Sara pulled her hands out of her pants, her juices glistening the sides of her fingers.

Sara grabbed the mouse urgently as she click on the email. It was from Cindy. The message greeted Sara warmly. Attached was a video file. Sara didn't even have to look at it. Clearly it would be the footage of her orgasm in the gazebo from Saturday. Cindy wrote that the image was rough. She had not set the camera down in a great place before she fucked Sara. Cindy did say the audio, however, was good. Sara though back to how she begged for Cindy to fuck her. She was not anxious to hear the clip or see that little bastard Keith pour his cum on her. The email closed with a reminder not to cum. Sara was busted once again. How does Cindy know her so well.

Sara headed back to the kitchen just in time to see the kids off for school and Frank off to work. Frank thanked her again for letting him play golf on Saturday saying all these events with the boss made him believe he would be getting a promotion soon. He gave Sara a quick kiss and was out the door.

Sara started doing the dishes. She wanted to stay focused on anything except waiting for the email. Her effort was futile. Within minutes Sara's longing led her back to the den and her computer. There still was no message from Mistress Heather, but there was the video Cindy had sent her. Sara started watching the clip. By now Sara instantly recognized the woman being brutally slammed by another woman's dildo. Three weeks ago, Sara would not have believed what she was watching. Cindy was right, the framing of the video was not good, but Sara's face and her expressions of pleasure were clearly visible. Cindy was also right about the audio. The screams of passion emanating from her mouth were clear as day, mixed with Cindy's own sounds of zeal. Cindy's head was cut off by the angle of the camera, but it was obvious a woman was fucking Sara. It was also obvious that a teenager was about to pour cum all over her face and open mouth.

Sara resisted playing with herself while the video rolled. She knew she could never keep from cumming if she so much as touched her clit right now. The scene before her captivated her. Cindy had given her so much pleasure, but promised Mistress Heather would deliver even more. As the video finished and Keith shot his load on Sara's chest, another email arrived. It was 8:45am and the email was from Heather.

"My dearest Sara," the email began. "How I have looked forward to this day. Ever since Cindy first described you, I have been planning to make you my slave. So far in the last two weeks you have progressed well from suburban soccer mom to wanton slut. I was worried when we played phone tag last week that you would not be satisfactory. I now believe you are ready to begin your service of my needs. I want you to come to me today ready to begin a rigorous training regiment. I will not be easy on you, but if you please me, I guarantee you will experience pleasures beyond your imagination."

Sara was reading the email with great anticipation. With each sentence, her desire to serve Mistress Heather grew.

"The clock has started ticking. If you have followed Cindy's instructions, you have been expecting this email. I want you to go to see Susan at the mall. She will dress you appropriately. Then come to my house. I have attached a link to Yahoo Maps with the directions. When you arrive, enter through the garage service door. There you will find further instructions. The quicker you get here, the more time we will have together today. I have allotted enough time for you to travel safely. If you followed your instructions and are waiting for this email, you will be able to make it to my house within an hour. If you succeed in this first task, you will be rewarded. If you are late, you will be punished. We will start with one spank per minute you are late. If you are more than one hour late, we will have to get more creative. Do not be late. I don't want to start you off negatively."

The email was signed simply Mistress Heather.

Sara finished reading the email and quickly reread it to be sure she didn't miss anything. Her pussy grew slicker at the mention of a reward. Sara grabbed her purse and hurried out the door. She had 55 minutes left.

Sara sped to the mall. Normally the drive took 15 minutes, but she made it in 10. Sara tried to tell herself to slow down and that she had plenty of time, but her mind was too focused on the heat in her crotch to listen to reason. It was just after 9am when she walked in the main entrance. The mall did not open for shopping until 10, but the doors opened early for people who wanted to exercise walking around the mall and for store employees to get to their posts. Sara hoped she didn't run into Maggie, Andi, Sam or Glenda, as they would delay her. She made a spirited dash over to Victoria's Secret. The gate was down causing Sara immediate concern that she could not possibly make it to Mistress Heather's on time.

As Sara stood by the gate, Susan waved at her from the sales counter. Susan walked over and greeted Sara while raising the gate to allow her to enter. 

Susan: "I was disappointed you didn't stop by on Friday, but after Andi told me the details, I understand. I told Heather I missed my chance to see you naked again so she said she would have you stop over and shop. I know you are rushed, so let's get to it. I should have you out of here in 15 minutes or so."

Sara didn't exactly believe Susan, at least about the timing, but she didn't have much say in the matter. Sara followed Susan to the back of the store and the changing rooms. 

Susan: "I think I remember all your sizes, so why don't you strip and I will go get your clothes."

Susan walked out of the changing room leaving Sara to undress. Sara wasted no time. The quicker she finished here, the quicker she would see her mistress and claim her reward.

Susan returned carrying only a few items and a locking satchel. She told Sara that Mistress Heather liked her girls to look very feminine. To that end, all she was to wear today were white silk stockings, a garter belt, white g-string and high heels. Since Victoria's Secret did not carry shoes, Susan had taken the liberty of borrowing a pair of 4" stilettos from Maggie. Susan said Sara could pay Maggie back later.

Susan helped Sara put on the stockings, taking care to rub Sara's legs as she did. After clipping the stockings into the garter, Susan placed her finger at the entrance to Sara's pussy.

"You've been waiting 4 days haven't you? I bet you would do anything for this right now," Susan said as she teasingly inserted her finger to the first knuckle. 

Sara didn't say a word, but she did lift her hips in an attempt to force more of Susan's finger into her.

"I thought so," commented Susan. As I recall, the last time you were in my store also I fingered your pussy. So far you have not done anything for me."

Sara knew immediately what Susan was inferring. Sara slid down to her knees in front of the older woman, taking care not to ruin the stockings. Susan drew up her skirt. Sara was not surprised to see Susan was not wearing panties. Thankful that her arms were not cuffed, Sara grabbed Susan's ass and pulled her pussy to her lips. Susan was already slick with anticipation. Sara was thankful because she was in a hurry. Sara worked quickly tonguing Susan's clit and outer lips. She then took her right hand off Susan's ass and began to finger fuck her. Within a few minutes Susan was showing signs of an approaching orgasm. Susan grabbed Sara's head and held her tight as a small, but satisfying orgasm overtook her. For her part, Sara was just happy to be done. She got no pleasure from this act. Her mind was too focused on leaving quickly.

Susan pushed Sara away and thanked her. "That will make my day go much better." Sara stood to leave and picked up her shirt to get dressed.

Susan: "I thought I made myself clear. I guess I didn't. Mistress Heather wants you to wear only what you have on now."

Sara: "I can't walk outside like this!"

Susan: "Don't be silly. I've got a coat for you to wear. Now be a dear and put your clothes in this bag. Mistress Heather has the key. She doesn't want you to chicken out now that you are so close to your reward."

Sara was not happy with the arrangement. The clock showed 9:21. She only 24 minutes to get to Mistress Heather's house, so she didn't dare squabble further. Into the bag went all of Sara's clothes, her shoes and finally, at Susan's insistence, her purse. All Sara was allowed to carry was her keys.

Susan: "You made it here pretty quick. You must have been speeding. We don't want that to continue. If you insist on driving too fast, you will need to do some serious explaining to the police so you might want to slow down."

Sara gave Susan a quick kiss goodbye and headed for the door. She moved quickly through the mall not wanting to waste any time or risk being exposed and seen by the exercise walkers. Just as she reached the mall entrance, Sam the security guard grabbed her arm from behind.

Sam: "Well hello sweetness. Running naked through my mall again?"

Sara: "Not exactly. I need to get going I'm running late."

Sam: "You are dressed almost exactly like the last time I saw you. Can't you afford to wear more clothes?"

Sara: "Really, I need to go."

Sam: "I can give you a big reason to stay."

Sam released Sara's arm and cupped his groin leaving no interpretation available to his statement.

Sara: "I have an appointment. I need to get going or will be late. Maybe we can meet up later."

Sam: "Ok, I'll hold you to that. How about another quick view before you go?"

Sara was happy Sam wasn't going to press her for more. She looked around and didn't see anyone near them, so she quickly opened and shut Susan's coat.

Sam: "Just as I remembered. You really are quite a slut, aren't you?"

Sara just smiled. She didn't even blush this time. She blew Sam a kiss and headed out the door. The weather was warm and there was a light breeze blowing. Sara felt very naughty walking to her car. She jumped in and started the engine up. Looking at her watch, she saw she was down to 18 minutes. The conversation with Sam had cost her some of her leeway.

Sara sped out of the parking lot. She figured Mistress Heather's house was between 10 and 15 minutes away. It was a fairly direct route, but traffic was always a variable. She was careful not to exceed the speed limit. Sara didn't want to risk getting pulled over and having to explain the way she was dressed and why her driver's license was locked in a case with her clothes. Traffic was moving steadily and Sara began to relax, if only a little bit. Then it happened. Sara saw the flashing lights.

Traffic slowed to a crawl as the gates in front of the train tracks came down. Sara thought about trying to detour around the tracks, but she was not very familiar with this neighborhood and the map she had printed didn't show another crossing for several miles. A freight train started across the road. Fortunately there was only one engine and it was moving swiftly. "At least the train can't be too long," Sara mused.

Sara was left to replay the day in her head. She could not have gotten to this point any quicker. She had planned enough time, but now she would probably be late. Sara lamented her situation. She wondered exactly what punishment Mistress Heather would inflict on her. Sara had been warned that the punishments she had previously received would be nothing compared to what Mistress Heather was capable of dishing out. As Sara though more and more about what her punishment would be, her pussy started to lubricate once again. Sara was daydreaming about being over Mistress Heather's lap or tied facedown to her bed when she heard the car horn behind her blaring. Sara's mind snapped back to reality. The train had passed and the cars in front of her had already crossed the tracks. Sara jammed her foot onto the gas and gave the driver behind her a little wave.

By Sara's watch, she was now down to under 10 minutes to go. Sara decided to risk a ticket and sped up. As she weaved her way through traffic, Sara tried to make up for the train delay and even ran a red light after carefully checking to see if anybody was heading through the intersection. Sara was in a race against time and nothing was going to stop her.

Sara pulled into Mistress Heather gated community, telling the guard she was there to visit the Chandlers. The guard said he would call ahead and if Sara just followed the main road until it ended, she would find their house. Sara thanked the guard and quickly pulled away. The subdivision had a 20 mph speed limit, but Sara wasn't about to worry about a rent-a-cop stopping her. She sped along the twisting road at between 45 and 50 mph. Slowing only to check her watch, Sara watched the house numbers increase. She would see Mistress Heather soon.

The long entrance road dead-ended into a cul-de-sac with three large homes, each taking 90 degrees of the circle, dominating the landscape. The Chandler's house was in the middle. Sara thought it didn't have much character from the outside. Like too many new homes, it looked a lot like its neighbors, although Sara was sure the inside would be impeccable. There was a Toyoda Yaris parked in front and no cars in the driveway. Sara parked in the street, behind the Yaris. She looked at her watch. 8:43am. 

Sara practically yanked the keys out of the ignition. She jumped out of the car and slammed the car door shut. Sara remembered pushing the lock button on her key fob, but didn't notice if the car actually locked. She was too busy running up the driveway to care. 

The driveway was brick making it difficult to run in her high heels. Sara had to slow down to avoid tripping. The relentless ticking of the clock rang in her head. Sara rounded the side of the garage and spied the service door. She wanted to look at her watch again, but at this point was saving seconds. As she reached for the knob, her heart was pounding and her breathing was labored. The past hour had been foreplay like she had never known. Her release, positive or negative, was at hand.

Sara found the door unlocked, the garage lights turned on automatically and a clothes rod just like Mistress Heather had promised in her email. There was one hanger on the rod and a piece of paper taped to it.

"If you are reading this slut Sara, you have received my email and decided to submit to my desires. Hang up your coat. If you have followed the dressing instructions I gave to Susan, you should be ready to play. Kneel down, with your legs spread, on the rubber mat facing the door. Cup your breasts in your hands holding them up to me as an offering. This is the position you are to assume whenever we meet. I will be joining you shortly." The note was signed Mistress Heather.

The note was short and to the point. Sara didn't need to read it twice. She hung up her coat and looked down to find the mat. The garage floor was immaculate. It was finished with epoxy paint. Overall the garage was spotless. All the tools were hung on the walls and there were cabinets for smaller items. Sara though the garage was neater than her house.

Sara found the mat. It was high-density rubber, about two feet by two feet, located besides the clothes rod. She carefully knelt down, again taking care not to damage her stockings. Sara faced the door leading to the inside of the house, her knees positioned at the front corners of the mat. Sara placed her feet together in the center of the back. Based on her experiences with Cindy, Sara almost put her hands behind her. Of course, that is not what Mistress Heather had instructed her to do, so she quickly moved her hands forward grasping each breast. Sara lifted her breasts and separated them, holding them with her three outside fingers below and holding each nipple with her thumb and forefinger.
