 Sara drove home from Mistress Heather's house in a euphoric daze. Any problems in her world had been driven away by the wonderful hours spent with her mistress. Even now, her pussy was leaking its juices and begging for further attention. Sara replayed the day's events in her mind and smiled like a young child on Christmas morning. She thought about her mistress' instructions and how difficult it would be waiting an entire week to see her again. Sara reflected on Mistress Heather's first order not to cum without permission. This would be very difficult. Mistress Heather had told her to service her husband whenever he wanted. Sara's body had become conditioned to need the release of an orgasm on a regular basis. How could she hold back? Sara figured she had a loophole with order number eight, to serve other club members as she served her mistress. Certainly Maggie, Andi, Cindy and Susan would let her cum. Sara remembered she was wearing a pair of heels Susan had borrowed from Maggie. Sara made a mental note to return the shoes tomorrow and hope Maggie took pity on her. She thought about stopping at the mall to see Maggie now, in hopes of quenching the fire between her legs, but thought better of taking the time. As it was, the kids would probably be home from school, by now, and Sara didn't want to risk being gone when Frank arrived home.

Wednesday night passed uneventfully. Sara had hoped Frank would initiate sex, but alas it was not to be. Thursday morning dawned and the now familiar itch of need permeated Sara's vagina. Sara checked her email frequently hoping Mistress Heather would contact her. After the first couple of times, Sara began watching the videos of herself, Mistress Heather and Cindy every time she checked her email. The necessity to play with herself was growing each time Sara watched one of her video clips. Sara was an emotional wreck by the time noon came around. Her desire to obey Mistress Heather was, thus far, holding back her need to masturbate. In some weird way, Sara began to enjoy her condition. She was once again on edge. Her need to serve was conflicting with her need to cum.

Sara knew she had to get out of the house. Mistress Heather apparently wasn't going to send for her. She decided to return Maggie's shoes in hopes of finding relief for her aching pussy. Sara dressed for easy access. She wore a simple sundress, which came to mid-thigh. Her now required stockings, garter belt and heels were in place. Since the sundress was fairly sheer, Sara donned a black pair of panties, which matched her stockings. Sara did not put on a bra. She wanted to feel naughty under this otherwise conservative outfit.

Sara pulled out of the garage and pointed her car toward the mall. In the confines of the car, she could smell her arousal filling the air. This only served to increase her desire. The drive to the mall was maddeningly slow. The traffic seemed to be full of "idiots" and "morons" who "didn't know how to drive." Sara was on edge for every little action that slowed her down. Finally Sara reached the mall and parked near the entrance closest to Professional Woman.

Sara strode with purpose to the store, carrying a small bag with Maggie's shoes. When she entered the store, Maggie looked up from behind the counter and didn't seem surprised to see Sara standing before her. Sara's nipples were hard and clearing showing through the dress. Although they did not show, Sara knew her panties were saturated with her liquefied essence. Standing next to Maggie was a young girl Sara did not recognize.

"This is Emily," Maggie introduced. "She's been working here about a week."

"Nice to meet you," said Sara. Sara studied the young girl. She was about Andi's age, although her looks were not as polished. Sara had no doubts this girl would soon be in sexual service to Maggie, if she wasn't already.

"I brought back your shoes," Sara continued.

"Thanks," said Maggie, "why don't you put them in my office. I'll be right there. I just need to give Emily a few more instruction on the register, then I can take a break."

Sara acknowledged the innocent sounding instruction and headed down the hallway. She opened the door to Maggie's office and went inside. She was not prepared for the vision before her.

The first time she visited Professional Woman, Sara had been ravaged in this very office while suspended in Maggie's sex swing. The swing was once again attached to the ceiling, only this it was occupied by a very naked Andi. She was blindfolded and gagged and struggled in the swing as two vibrators buzzed insistently in her pussy and asshole. Andi was positioned with her legs spread wide and secured to the swing's stirrups with Velcro straps. Sara knew Andi could easily pull her legs free, but she guessed that was not what Andi wanted. Andi's arms her similarly secured to the straps above her head. Sara guessed the toys were not turned on high enough to allow Andi to climax. Maggie seemed to have her on simmer mode. Sara knew that feeling all to well as her pussy juices began to flow heavier. Oh how she wished she could take Andi's place right now. Andi heard the door open and assumed Maggie had returned. Sara walked around the very turned on teenager admiring Maggie's handiwork. Sara stopped behind Andi was gave herself the luxury of reaching around the young girl and fondling her nipples. Andi's response to Sara's touch was immediate. Andi arched her back forcing her breasts into Sara's hands while dropping her head making contact with Sara's chest. The red ball gag in her mouth muffled Andi's sounds, but Sara recognized the moan of pleasure.

Sara continued manipulating Andi's nipples for several seconds until the snap of a ridding crop on the back of her left hand surprised her. Sara was so engrossed in the sight of the lovely Andi at her mercy, she had not noticed Maggie entering the office.


"Just what do you think you are doing, Slave Sara?" forcibly exclaimed Maggie.

Sara felt like a child caught with her hand in a cookie jar. Sara started to stammer an answer, which might please Maggie, but was cut off with a raise of the older woman's hand.

"I don't want to hear another word," said Maggie. "Go sit on the sofa."

Sara meekly complied and watched as Maggie whispered something into Andi's ear. Because of the ball gag in Andi's mouth, Sara could not get a good look, but she thought see saw the hint of an attempted smile. Maggie gave Andi's nipples a quick pinch and then walked over to where Sara was sitting.

"I know why you are here. The actions of a horny slut like you are easy to predict. You can begin by servicing my needs. Assume the position your mistress taught you to take when you greet her." 

Maggie unzipped her skirt and let it fall to the floor. She wasn't wearing any panties. Sara slid to the floor and took up a position in front of Maggie. Sara was on her knees with her legs spread and her hands cupping her breasts. For some reason, taking this position while clothed seemed dirtier than when she had done it in Mistress Heather's garage. 

"I see you remember your instructions," began Maggie. "Let's see how much you've learned about the proper way to eat a pussy."

Sara wasted no time in leaning forward to commence her servitude of Maggie's hallowed pleasure spot. For her part, Maggie took a strong grip on Sara's head pulling her mouth strongly in contact with her pussy.

"Oh Andi, Sara is doing a wonderful job. I really must have her do you too when she is done here."

Andi was pleased to hear Maggie say that. She had been suspended with the vibrators teasing her for over 45 minutes and she was ready to scream she needed to cum so badly.

Maggie rocked her hips back and forth causing Sara to follow suit. As Maggie changed positions, Sara had to lean up to 45 degrees front to back to keep her mouth glued on Maggie's ever-moistening slit. The stress was causing Sara's knees to ache, but she kept focused on her task, urged on by Maggie's increasing moans of pleasure. Maggie held back for about 15 minutes before allowing herself to be overcome by a very satisfying orgasm. Maggie knew that the longer she held out, the more Sara would be aroused. She would like nothing more than to put Sara in the swing right now and fuck the daylights out of her, but that was not part of Heather's plan. Maggie had talked to Heather on Wednesday night and had agreed to just tease Sara if she showed up at the store. To that end, as she rode out her orgasm, she grabbed Sara's head once again and smeared her juices all over Sara's face. Up, down and side to side Maggie coated Sara's precious face, indelibly marking her scent on submissive woman.

"That was wonderful, Sara," exclaimed Maggie. "Hold that position and let me get Andi down. It is time for her reward."

Sara watched as Maggie released Andi from the straps holding her in the swing. Sara could smell Maggie's scent on her face, the odor mixing with her own arousal perfume creating an intoxicating fragrance. Gingerly Andi slid out of the swing, her legs unsteady from being suspended for an hour. Immediately when she was upright, the vibrator from her pussy slipped out and landed on the floor with a thud.

"Wet are we?" queried Maggie.

Andi just nodded.

"That's ok, I was going to take that one out anyway. Just make sure the one in your ass stays in place and walk over to Sara."

Andi smiled as she moved toward her favorite housewife. Maggie went to her desk drawer and removed an 8" strap-on.

"Sara, I want you to lean back. You can release your breasts and put your hands under your ass. Andi, I want you to bend over Sara and grab the back of the sofa."

Both girls did as they had been instructed. Sara had a bird's eye view of Andi's tender pussy, slick with the effects of the vibrator. Sara breathed in deeply enjoying the new mixture of scents.

"Sara, listen to me," began Maggie. "Andi has been a very good girl today so she is going to receive great pleasure from me. You, on the other hand, touched her without permission. Your task here is to watch me, up close and personal, fuck her. You are to keep your hands firmly planted under your ass. I don't want you making the same mistake twice."

Maggie stepped forward and rubbed the plastic phallus along Andi's pussy lips. Sara's vision was focused exactly on Andi's slit. She could not see Andi's face, but she could imagine the look of pleasure it would be showing right now. Sara drooled as she watched Maggie slowly insert the dildo into the pussy just three inches above her. As Maggie built a rhythm, slowing increasing the speed at which she pummeled her youthful salesgirl, Sara was intently watching, her own arousal building to near a breaking point. Sara could hear the muffled screams of passion as Andi reached closer and closer to her release. Sara knew Andi was just holding off until Maggie gave her permission to cum. Sara didn't know how Andi to hold out any longer. Sara was ready to cum just from watching the perverted show and nobody had even touched her. 

Maggie grabbed Andi by the back of the head and pulled her up forcefully. "One blink for yes you want to cum and agree to all the terms we discussed earlier this morning or two blinks you still think you can disobey me without consequences?" queried Maggie.

Obviously Sara could not see Andi's response, but she felt it. Sara watched as Maggie pulled the strap-on out of Andi's pussy as Andi was simultaneously being pushed down onto Sara's waiting mouth. Sara latched onto Andi's highly sensitive clit and she sucked for all she was worth. Immediately Andi began quivering and a flood of girl juice leaked into Sara's mouth and down her chin. Andi rocked her hips involuntarily as the orgasm ripped through her. Her pussy slammed into Sara's face, riding her nose as if it were a cock, over and over again. Finally it was over and Andi stood straight up, but did not move her feet.

"I hope you enjoyed that my pet," rhetorically asked Maggie to Andi. "But we're not done just yet."

Maggie looked at Sara, her face glistening with the orgasmic delight of two women. She smiled again and gave Sara a curved vibrator. Sara recognized this as the g-spot vibrator she had used before. Obviously Maggie wanted Andi to squirt for her.

"Here's what's going to happen, girls. Andi, you are going to bend over Sara again. While she stimulates your g-spot, I'm going to fuck your ass."

Both women listened to Maggie's decree, but will a difference sense of joy. Andi loved being fucked by Maggie, whether it was in her pussy or up her ass. Maggie had used this vibrator on her before and she sprayed her juices like crazy. The added bonus of being fucked at the same time had Andi quivering with anticipation. Sara, on the other hand, was not as happy. She wanted to be fucked, probably more than Andi right now, yet her needs were not being met. She thought about discretely rubbing her own pussy. Surely with Maggie and Andi occupied, neither would notice. Even if they did, Sara knew she could cum just from being punished so maybe giving Maggie an excuse was a good idea.

Maggie bent Andi back over and removed the vibrator from her ass. Andi's asshole did not snap shut. Having been stretched for over an hour at this point, it slowly started constricting back to its normal position. Maggie told Sara to insert the g-spot vibrator into Andi while she rubbed a generous amount of lube onto her femcock. Andi offered little resistance as Maggie began to plumb the depths of her ass. Andi tried to find a cadence allowing her to maximize her up and down pleasure on the vibrator along with the front to back thrusting of Maggie's anal exploration. It took numerous cycles of the motion, but she finally reached a naughty bump and grind to maximize the feelings radiating from her pleasure zones.

"She how she is 100% focused on taking her pleasure right now?" Maggie asked Sara. "She has learned what she needs to be able to cum and isn't afraid to ask me for it. Earlier today we had a discussion about some new tasks I need her to perform. She was initially reluctant, but after some time in the swing, she came around. She loves the g-spot vibrator. You will soon be blessed to receive a shower of her juices. After that, you are going to go home and wait for Mistress Heather's call. When you first came into the store, I was willing to let you cum. But since you saw fit to play with Andi without permission, you will have to wait until Mistress Heather makes that determination."

Needless to say, Sara was disappointed and incredibly frustrated. She also did not want to have Andi suffer for her mistake. Sara began to twist the dildo each time Andi rocked up and down. The effect was clearly evident as Andi's moans took a more forceful and progressively longer tone. Sara knew Andi must be close to a massive release. Maggie knew that too and began to pick up her pace skewering Andi's ass like a woman possessed. Andi was holding out for dear life. With the gag in place, she could not ask for release. However, Maggie knew her charge all too well and knew exactly how much she could take. Maggie put both her arms on Andi's shoulders for added leverage and slammed the fake cock as deep as she could into Andi's rectum.

"Come for me slut!" she shouted. "Spray Sara with your love juice!"

Those were the words Andi was longing to hear. Her mind was a whirl as her g-spot convulsed, drenching the prone Sara. As she shuddered, Andi sprayed Sara up and down for five or six seconds. As her flow slowed down, Maggie grabbed her by the breasts and stood Andi upright while keeping up her assault on Andi's ass.

"Eat her pussy right now, slave Sara!" Maggie yelled.

Sara dove in to the hottest, wettest pussy she had ever known, including her own. Sara licked Andi up and down and sucked on her clit. Andi continued to shake as both sides of her body continued to be stimulated. Andi had a series of smaller orgasms, each a little smaller than the last, consumed her for the next five minutes.

Finally Maggie pulled out her strap-on and let go of Andi. Andi immediately slumped to the sofa in a heap. She was done for the day.

Maggie grabbed Sara's head and pulled her mouth to the tip of the strap-on. "Clean off Andi's mess, you whore. This is all you are good for."

Sara was repulsed by the smell and taste left on the dildo, but she did as she was instructed. She took the entire shaft into her throat, just as Mistress Heather had taught her and then saturated the shank with her saliva. The sight below her pleased Maggie. She looked forward to spending more time with Sara as she progressed on the Mistress Heather training program. When she was satisfied by Sara's clean job, Maggie popped the dildo out of her mouth leaving a string of saliva from Sara's lips to the tip of the dildo. Sara looked up pleadingly, as if to ask Maggie to fuck her, but the unvocalzed answer was no.

Maggie motioned for Sara to stand up. Andi had curled up on the sofa and was comfortably asleep. 

"Perhaps next time you will not be so presumptuous," said Maggie.

"Yes mam," replied Sara.

"Go on, get yourself home and wait for Heather to call," responded Maggie.

Sara walked out of the office and back into the front of the store. As she passed the front desk, Emily looked at her quizzingly, but said nothing. At first Sara though Emily must have heard what was going on in the office, but with Andi gagged, there really wasn't that much noise. Then Sara caught a peak at her reflection in a mirror. The front of her sheer sundress was now fully transparent after being soaked by Andi's ejaculate. Sara's face was still glistening with the combination of Maggie's and Andi's juices. She looked as if she had just been gangbanged. Sara was sure this was part of Maggie's plan and that relief would not be forthcoming.

Sara gave Emily a weak smile and headed for the door. She prayed she would not meet anyone who wanted to stop and talk as she quickly made for the exit. Sara was just reaching the door when a group of high school girls entered. They all looked directly at Sara who began to blush profusely. Certainly they would never be able to guess what had happened, Sara thought, but still, her breasts were as clearly displayed as if she had been in a wet t-shirt contest and her nipples were rock hard. Sara just kept moving and ignored any comments the girls may have been making.

Sara then ran to the car and quickly sat into the driver's seat before anyone else could see her. Her pussy was on fire and she desperately needed to cum. Somehow she knew that Mistress Heather would ask if she had cum today and she knew she could not lie to her, so after a few minutes of collecting her thoughts and calming down, Sara started the car and headed home. 

During the drive the vision of Maggie's dildo mercilessly pounding the pussy and ass just inches from her face haunted Sara. How could Maggie have resisted giving her what she needed? The itch in her pussy was not going away. Sara was horny and needed relief. Sara thought about driving over to Mistress Heather's house, but thought better of it. If Maggie teased her for being too presumptuous for touching Andi, Mistress Heather would be downright furious if Sara showed up uninvited. Besides, Maggie had told Sara that her mistress would be calling her at home. Obviously that is where Sara was supposed to be. 

Sara arrived home and was happy to find nobody there. She quickly stripped out of her saturated sundress. She threw it in the hamper and stripped off her stockings and panties before heading to the shower. Sara kept a cordless phone in the bathroom in case Mistress Heather called. She had already learned the penalty for not answering the phone when Mistress Heather expected her.

After her shower Sara put on a pair of sweats and got ready to prepare for dinner. She was in the kitchen when the phone rang. Sara didn't recognize the number displayed by caller id.
