 Sara slept well her first night in Dr. Bonner’s lair. She was worn out by her breast augmentation surgery that morning and her first night of filming for his Dr. Boner website. By the time the film crew had finished with her and Julie, the clock had struck past midnight. By the time she showered and then masturbated once more, it was after 1am before she finally tried to sleep. Sara was still dead to the world when Julie woke her at 10am. She brought a breakfast tray with scrambled eggs, toast, orange juice and coffee. Sara greeted Julie as an old friend and listened to her new mistress describe the footage they shot last night. Julie explained Dr. Bonner was editing the footage as they spoke and from what he saw, he was very pleased.

Sara was famished and quickly ate her breakfast. Julie continued telling Sara what they had planned for the day. The plot line of Sara being a nymphomaniac who needed to learn to be a “respectable” woman would continue. Julie’s job was to “teach” Sara to control her emotions and not to be ruled by her clit. Of course, in the end, Sara was expected to cum and shows her true self. 

Sara wished she had seen other movies from the website so she knew both what to expect and what was expected from her. She queried Julie, but her new accomplice in lust would only tell her to enjoy herself and give the viewers a good show.

Julie: “You can never go wrong having an orgasm. If we need you to fake one we’ll let you know, but if you can cum for real, do it.”

Sara was excited about getting started. Julie told her to shower again while she laid out her clothes. Sara practically sprinted into the bathroom. After taking care of her necessary business, Sara hopped into the shower and rinsed off. She was already fairly clean except from sleeping in the wet spots from the night before. Emerging refreshed a few minutes later, she toweled off and returned to the bedroom. Sara was surprised she didn’t feel more discomfort from her chest, a fact she shared with Julie.

Julie: “That is good. I can give you more breast play on film if you’re game. If it gets to painful, let me know and I will back off. What safe word do you use with Mistress Heather?”

Sara: “Safe word? I don’t have a safe word.”

Julie: “Really? Safe bondage play should always have a safe word to protect you if you get pushed too far.”

Sara: “I’ve never felt unsafe with Mistress Heather.”

Julie: “That is good, but just in case, we’re going to have one. If you really need me to stop something, say the word hedgehog. You can yell stop all you want. I’ll assume you are acting for the camera. Say the word hedgehog and I will back off immediately. Got it?”

Sara: “Yes Julie. I like that idea.”

Julie showed Sara her outfit for the day’s first scene. It was a simple black nylon corset. The chest section had been expanded and reinforced for someone as abundantly top heavy as Sara had become. Sara was somewhat surprised that she didn’t have stockings or a garter belt. Julie explained that would come later. For this scene, they were keeping things simple.

Julie put her nurse’s outfit on again and then led Sara back to the filming room. With every step, Sara became wetter and wetter in anticipation of what was to come. The same film crew was waiting for her along with Dr. Bonner. The set had not changed from the night before.

Dr. Bonner: “Good morning Sara. I hope you had a restful night’s sleep. The footage from last night was spectacular. I’m going to make you a star.”

Sara: “Thank you Dr. Bonner. I really enjoyed myself last night.”

Dr. Bonner: “As well you should have. You have an amazing sexual aura, one which I hope to capture on film again today. I’m going to leave you in Julie’s capable hands. Just follow her instructions and you’ll be well satisfied I’m sure. I’ll be upstairs editing last night’s scene if you need anything.”

Julie: “Don’t worry; I know exactly what we’re going to do with this little minx.”

Sara’s pussy gushed at the mere mention of Julie finally getting to work on her. Dr. Bonner left the room as Julie conferred with the crew about their being ready to go. She had Sara hop back up on the bed and pulled a sheet over her.

Julie: “Here’s how were going to start. Because of your raging nymphomania, I want you to be slowly masturbating under your sheet. Do it like you are trying to hide what you are doing so you will not get caught. Keep your facial expressions at a minimum like you are struggling to show any emotion. Look around like you are trying to sneak in a quickie. Of course I will catch you. From then on, just play along and have fun. You can struggle, but always remember I get to win. Ok?”

Sara: “Sounds easy enough.”

Julie: “Good. Let’s get started. Roll tape.”

The same young man who marked the first scene came forward and snapped the beginning of scene two. Sara, her hands hidden by the sheet began a delicate rub of her pussy. It was difficult to go slow. Sara wanted to plunge her fingers deep inside her just like last night. She did her best to look innocent and “sneaky” like she was embarrassed and trying not to get caught. She hoped her act would play well on tape and not look too cheesy. After all, scene one would show her in a very different light. After a few minutes of teasing herself, Sara began masturbating in earnest. It was impossible for her not to. Somehow she figured this was part of Julie’s plan as her nurse interrupted her before she had a chance to cum.

Julie: “What are you doing? You have been forbidden to masturbate until you heal! Don’t you want to get better? Good girls follow their doctor’s instructions!”

Sara: “I’m sorry mam. I couldn’t help myself.”

Julie: “I can see you are going to be a difficult case. I am personally going to take charge of your recovery. I will teach you how to behave like a lady and not play with yourself all the time.”

Sara: “I will do better, I swear.”

Julie: “It’s too late for that now. The only thing you will understand is being punished.”

Sara cowered back into the bed. She was getting into playing the victim on video and was getting more and more turned on. She had stopped masturbating when Julie first came on camera, but now she started again hoping to egg on her partner. Julie noticed immediately and ripped the sheet off her prey. 

Julie: “No more hiding.”

Julie then opened the drawer of the table next to the bed. Sara didn’t bother to look down. Her hands were too busy. Julie retrieved a pair of handcuffs and grabbed Sara’s left wrist. Using her legs for leverage, Julie pulled Sara into a sitting position and snapped the cuff around her wrist. Sara began to struggle, although her left hand never left her pussy.

Sara: “No, please not that. I promise to listen to you.”

Julie: “The time for that has passed. You need to learn a lesson.”

Julie took up a position behind Sara and applied pressure to her back pushing her over.

Sara: “That hurts. Stop that.”

Julie: “You should have thought of that before you disobeyed me. Give me your other wrist.”

Sara meekly complied. Julie held her down for several additional seconds after she had secured Sara’s arms behind her. Standing back up, Julie pushed Sara back down onto the bed.

Julie: “I can see you are going to need some advanced training to learn how to leave that pussy of yours alone. First, I need to do a thorough examination to find out what I am dealing with.”

Sara felt Julie unsnap the bottom of the corset and felt cool air rush over her heated pussy. She then felt Julie’s fingers running the length of her lips.

Julie: “Just as I expected. You’re just another wet slut who can’t control herself. Well I know how to teach girls like you.”

Julie reached back into the drawer and removed a small vibrator and a roll of tape.

Julie: “I need to leave you alone for a little bit, but I don’t want you to be lonely.”

Sara gleefully spread her legs as Julie slid the vibrator into her pussy. Leaving the knob as the only part sticking out, Julie turned on the battery pack. The vibration hit Sara like a ton of bricks. She began rocking back and forth on the bed as the pleasure sensations quickly spread from her pussy to her head. Sara pussy was leaking like a faucet with a bad washer. As she neared a climax, a strong contraction shot the vibrator out of her pussy, leaving it buzzing in a puddle of her juices on the bed.

Julie looked down in disgust at the vibrator and then back at Sara. Smiling mischievously, Julie picked up the vibrator, turned it off and then offered it to Sara’s mouth. Sara was more than happy to clean her juices off the fuck toy. At this point, she would be happy to do anything Julie asked.

Julie returned the vibrator to Sara’s pussy, but didn’t turn it on. Instead she ordered Sara to place her legs together. She then took the roll of tape and wrapped it around Sara’s thighs, calves and ankles. Only after Sara was secure, did she turn the vibrator back on, only this time at about half the power.

Julie: “That will keep you still. I’ll be back soon. Maybe this time you will listen to me.

Julie pealed one more piece of tape off the roll and put it across Sara’s mouth.

Sara began rocking on the bed again and squeezing her vaginal muscles. This time the vibrator was not going anywhere. Unfortunately, due to the decreased speed it was set at, Sara didn’t think she could get off. Realizing she was in for a long tease, if that was Julie’s intention, Sara concentrated on giving the camera a good show. She moaned. She wiggled. She contracted. She begged with her eyes. She even faked an orgasm.

Sara was deep in her self imposed panting mode as Julie returned. Once again she was dressed in her latex catsuit and once again Sara’s mouth watered at how sexy Julie looked wearing it. Julie was also carrying a riding crop, a ball gag and nipple clamps. Sara’s pussy continued to gush at the thought of submitting to this wonderful woman.

Placing her equipment on the table, Julie made quick work of cutting the tape off Sara’s legs. She then resecured Sara’s legs to the traction bar just like the night before. Unlike last night, Sara knew the purpose wasn’t to give a cock better access to her pussy.

Lastly, Julie tore the tape from Sara’s mouth. Sara yelled at the pain, but Julie quickly distracted her by turning up the speed on the vibrator.

Julie: “Let’s see if you can hold that thing in long enough to cum.”

Sara’s hips were oscillating with delight as the vibrator worked its magic. Julie began drawing the crop over Sara’s body, but didn’t hit her with it. Sara imagined half the viewer hoping she would cum on the vibrator so they could shoot their loads and half the viewers wanting Julie to beat her for the same purpose. Sara was about to please the former group when the stress of holding in the vibrator gave way to another muscular contraction forcing the vibrator to plop obscenely out of her dripping hole. Sara groaned in frustration.

Julie: “I guess you don’t want the vibrator any more.”

Sara watched with disappointment as Julie picked up the toy and set it upright on the table. Still buzzing, Sara longed for it to be inserted in any of her available holes. Julie then returned the crop to its exploration of Sara’s body.

Julie: “You must learn to control your emotions.”

To emphasis her point, Julie snapped the crop against Sara’s thigh. Sara yelled in pain, but her arousal did not dissipate. Julie methodically worked the crop up and down Sara’s body including several blows directly on her clit. Each time, Sara arched her back in pain, but it was clear, she was enjoying her “treatment.”

One body part Julie did avoid was Sara’s breasts. Sara nipples were rock hard and longed for them to be touched, even if it was by the crop. Sensing her desire, Julie finally rubbed the crop along the base of her breasts and across her nipples.

Julie: “I was being nice and letting you heal more, but I can tell you want this don’t you.”

Sara: “Yes.”

Julie: “Yes mistress.”

Sara: “Yes mistress.”

Julie: “That’s better. Are you ready to follow my orders?”

Sara: “Yes mistress.”

Julie: “Very well.”

Sara watched as Julie picked up the nipple clamps off the table. Without ceremony, the clamped were applied to their target. The pain was exquisite and Sara thanked her new mistress for the honor of wearing her adornments.

Julie: “We’re not quite done with those nipples yet.”

Julie reached back into the drawer and retrieved a short chain. The chain was attached to each clamp and the pulled up to Sara’s mouth.

Julie: “If you drop that chain, I’ll beat your new tits raw and you will not be able to sit for a month after I’m done with your ass! Got it?”

Sara nodded, pulling her nipples up and down.

Julie then picked up the vibrator again and slid it back into Sara’s pussy. This time she secured the vibrator with a piece of tape so Sara “wouldn’t have to worry about it falling out.” Julie then resumed her cropping of Sara concentrating on her inner thighs and the soles of her feet. Sara quickly was reaching her zenith. The triple points of stimulation, as well has the exhibition nature of being a slut on camera, had her primed for release.

Julie: “Your former mistress told me you love to get your pussy slapped. Is that true?”

Sara nodded.

Julie: “I don’t want you to come until I reach 10 hits. Can you do that?”

Again Sara nodded.

Julie: “Count along with me…”

Julie snapped the crop squarely on Sara’s clit. The pain rush was superb as it ran length of Sara’s body. She almost lost control of the nipple chain as she opened her mouth to moan, but fortunately she managed to mumble “one” without dropping the chain. The second hit was noticeably lower. The thwack sound of hitting Sara’s clit was replaced with an echoic splat sound of contacting moisture. The pain was no less intense and neither was the pleasure it brought. Sara was more prepared this time and didn’t nearly loose the chain. Her diction also improved as she counted off the number two.

Julie continued to alternate hitting Sara’s clit and hitting her pussy lips. By the time they reached nine, Sara was quaking in need of release. Anticipating her liberation, Sara begged for the crop when instead of feeling its bite, she felt it rub along her thighs once again.

Julie: “You need to cum don’t you slave?”

Sara: “Yes mistress.”

Julie: “You are never to cum without permission. Do you understand?”

Sara: “Yes mistress”

Julie: “I could rub your clit for an hour and you would not cum would you.”

Sara: “I would do my best not to mistress.”

Julie: “That is not the right answer, but we’ll work on it.”

Julie stood back up and gently touched the tip of the crop to Sara’s clit, toying with her willing captive.

Julie: “Last hit. Ready?”

Sara: “Yes mistress. Please beat me. I’ve been a naughty girl.”

Julie: “Cum for me slut. Cum for your mistress.”

Julie snapped the crop through the air once again making hard contact squarely on Sara’s clit. Sara yelled 10 and erupted in her first orgasm of the day. Sara’s body quivered in release as Julie took the nipple chain from Sara’s mouth and pulled hard on it. The pain didn’t slow Sara down. If anything, she began coming harder. Her hips bounced in the air as if being fucked by an invisible assailant. Her body continued to convulse and contract as Sara’s brain released an hour’s worth of teasing energy. Her screams of passion filled the room. Even upstairs Dr. Bonner could hear muffled echoes of her fervor. He clicked on the feed from a security camera mounted in the corner of the ceiling just in time to see Sara begin to calm down; the latex clad Mistress Julie holding court over Sara’s bound form. Dr. Bonner smiled to himself and picked up the phone to update Heather on Sara’s progress.

Julie untied Sara and helped her to her feet. The camera crew applauded their performance and began resetting the room as Julie ushered Sara back to the bedroom.

Julie: “You didn’t use our safe word so I assume everything was alright.”

Sara: “It was better than alright. I loved it.”

Julie: “Good. Take about an hour to rest and we’ll get setup for the next scene.”

Sara stripped off the corset. Looking at herself in the mirror, she ran her hands over her new breasts. They didn’t seem quite so outrageous any more. In fact, she started liking how they made her look. Sara took another quick shower to rinse off the sweat of performing under the lights and then lay down on the bed. Sara didn’t fall asleep, but she was remarkably calm given the events of the last two days. 

About 45 minutes later, Julie entered the room. She was still wearing her catsuit which still brought feelings of lust to Sara. Julie did not have a costume for Sara saying this time she would dress on camera. Entering the filming room, Sara immediately noticed that all of the furniture, except for a small chest of drawers, had been removed. There was also a shop vac and a neatly folded rectangle of fabric. The fabric was black and Sara was unable to determine what it was made out of.

The marker for scene 3 was clicked and Julie began.

Julie: “Sara, you learned a bit this morning about holding back your orgasm, but I think you need some more training. We are going to focus you on your emotions so you can better learn what kind of effort it will take to control your libido.”

Sara noticed one camera was focused on her and one was focused on Julie. Sara had lost all traces of nervousness and was ready for this adventure to begin. She watched as Jill picked up the fabric and started unfolding it on the floor. Sara was still unsure of the fabric. It definitely wasn’t leather. It seemed thicker than plastic and didn’t look like latex. Sara decided it must be vinyl. She was intrigued by what its purpose was and kept an eye on Julie as she set it up. It turned out to be a bag of some sort with a heavy duty zipper along the top half and an inner membrane which looked like it was sealed like a Ziploc bag. Sara could guess her roll in the scene and was starting to get edgy. She had never experienced breath play, but had seen it in a movie she had downloaded.

Julie instructed Sara to get into the bag. She showed the inexperienced girl where a plastic tube, like a diver’s snorkel, went through the side and fit snuggly in her mouth.

Julie: “Don’t spit out the snorkel. It’s your lifeline to the outside world. I also want you to spread your legs and arms as if you were restrained.”

Satisfied that Sara was ready, she sealed up the bag and attached the hose from the shop vac to another fitting at the base. Turning on the shop vac, Julie quickly sucked all of the air out of the bag. Just as quickly, the vinyl molded itself to Sara’s frame immobilizing her and creating instant tactile access to her entire body. Turning off the vacuum, Julie sealed an airlock at the vacuum fitting and released the hose. The bag holding Sara thus would not inflate until someone either released the pressure valve or unzipped the main compartment.

Sara tried to move within the bag, but the vacuum seal held her tight. Even exerting all her strength, she could not move either arm or either leg. This was the strictest bondage she ever felt. She could not see, although sound passed easily through the membrane. Sara felt someone apply pressure, she assumed it was Julie, to the side of the bag causing her to rock like a fetish teeter-totter. She then felt a hand tracing a path around her breasts and down to her pussy. Oh how voluminous her breasts must look in the position, she thought. The suction of the bag was forcing her stomach in like a corset, yet her implants were holding firm against the pressure. Sara began to get excited and soon realized she had better consciously try to control her breathing. She was worried she would overtax the snorkel. She tried to relax as the hands continued to roam over her body. The two opposite reactions to the stimulus she was feeling focused her mind completely on her sense of touch. Having lost vision and smell, and with only very little sound available, Sara’s sense of touch rapidly became acute. The fingers roaming her body were not making an effort to simulate her erogenous zones, but their effect was the same. Sara’s entire body was becoming a giant erogenous zone as she began to struggle for more contact.
