 After Jill's party, things started to calm down a bit for Sara. She still saw Heather every Wednesday and still made enough little mistakes for Heather to find a reason to punish her every time they met. The Vegas trip for the Mistress / Slave ball was fast approaching. One Wednesday, after Sara had finished servicing her mistress with her tongue, Heather announced they were heading to the tattoo parlor. Sara had totally forgotten that her mistress had mentioned her intentions to have Sara marked. Heather dressed Sara in her SLUT t-shirt and a short skirt and headed to a tattoo parlor near The Vault. Sara was happy to find a woman sitting behind the counter. She wasn't keen on getting a tattoo, but at least she would not have some greasy slime ball ogling her while it happened. Heather obviously knew the tattoo artist. "Is there anyone she doesn't know?" thought Sara.

Sara expected to look through a sample book and pick her tattoo's style. Of course Heather had other ideas and Sara was whisked into one of the parlor's back rooms without any fanfare. Heather told Sara to drop her skirt and lose her underwear. She then lay down on a table similar to a massage table, her buttocks raised for easy access. Sara shivered as she felt her mistress' finger begin to gingerly manipulate her pussy as the tattoo artist prepared her tools. Sara wasn't sure what to expect as she had never been tattooed before. She had heard stories and expected a great deal of pain. Surprisingly, the needle was not as excruciating as she expected. Sara didn't rate the experience as pleasant, but it wasn't that bad either. Sara received two tattoos, one on each butt cheek. She could tell they were both hearts and had what felt like letters, but she was unable to decipher the words. After the artist was done, she took a couple of pictures for her scrap book and carefully applied a bandage over each new work of art. Heather then told Sara to get up and get dressed.

Sara: "Are you going to tell me what is on my ass?"

Mistress Heather: "Not just yet. The bandages need to stay on for a few days. Come by the house on Saturday and we'll have an unveiling."

Sara was disappointed. She wanted to see her brand. When she got home she contemplated removing the bandage herself, but quickly dismissed disobeying her mistress' instructions. Her ass was sore and Sara tried to avoid sitting. Sara woke on Saturday filled with anticipation. Her mistress had not instructed her what time to arrive at the house, but she couldn't wait and went over at 9am. Heather heard the doorbell ring. She was awake, but not really moving too fast. She had been partying late into Friday night. Stephanie was over cleaning the house and had made coffee, but Heather wasn't ready to deal with Sara just yet. Sara remained kneeling on the garage floor waiting for her mistress for over an hour. After her coffee, Heather had taken a shower but not yet dressed. She slipped on a short silk robe just covering her private parts by a matter of inches. Retrieving Sara from the garage, Heather led her into the house. Sara, sore from holding her presentation position for so long, was nonetheless enthralled by how the robe clung to her mistress' curves. 

Heather led Sara into the family room and instructed her to kneel on the couch facing over the back. She then called her husband and Stephanie into the room. Sara felt completely objectified as Heather began pulling down her pants and then her panties. Whatever was now on display met with approval from the onlookers who both commented on what a fine choice Heather had made. But still, nobody would tell Sara what her tattoos looked like. Heather and her husband walked out of the room as Stephanie moved in for a closer look. She gently caressed Sara's butt and told the older woman how much she admired her for allowing her mistress to brand her.

Heather returned with a digital camera and took three pictures. The first was a wide shot of Sara's ass. The second was a close up of each tattoo. Heather then told Sara to get dressed and go home. Sara protested but was silenced by the threat of a spanking on her still tender butt. 

Mistress Heather: "I know you are curious. I'll email you the pictures later today."

Sara was disappointed. Not only did she not find out any information about the tattoos, but she also did not have any sex. For the first time in many weeks, Sara began to have doubts about her future with Mistress Heather. On her way home, Sara drove to The Vault hoping to find Mandy. As luck would have it, both she and Steve were working that morning.

Mandy: "Hi Sara. Long time no see. Here for another ride on the Sybian?"

Sara: "I would love one, but I'm really here to find out what's tattooed on my ass."

Sara watched as Mandy clicked on the intercom.

Mandy: "Steve to the front desk. Steve to the front desk. Heather marked another one."

Sara definitely didn't like the sound of that. The two women waited for several minutes, but Steve didn't show up.

Mandy: "I last saw him heading into booth 1 so he might be a while. Let's look at your new artwork."

Sara turned and started walking toward the dressing rooms.

Mandy: "Where are you going? I can't leave the register. Show me here."

Sara's cheeks flushed with embarrassment, but she turned and walked back to the counter. Several customers had taken note of what was going on and gathered to watch as Sara dropped her pants and bent over. She heard several ooohs and aaahs, but still nobody would spill the beans.

Sara: "You're not going to tell me are you?"

Mandy: "No, but I was serious about letting you use the Sybian."

Sara (dejected): "No thanks. My mistress is going to email me pictures. I'd better get home and wait for them."

Mandy: "That sounds like a good plan. Don't ever disobey your mistress."

Sara left the store and headed home, hoping an email would be waiting for her. Logging into her PC, Sara was giddy with anticipation, but there were no new messages. Sara wondered why her mistress was teasing her in this way. She sat patiently at the computer waiting for an email. After about half an hour, her inbox sprang to life. Attached to an email from her mistress was a single picture. Giddily Sara opened the jpeg. The image was the wide shot Heather had taken showing both tattoos; however some of the text has been digitally removed. On her left cheek was a red heart outline with the word "Frank's." On her right cheek, a similar heart with the word "Heather's."

At the bottom of the email, Heather wrote instructions commanding Sara to play with herself and send a summary of her emotions back after she had orgasmed. Sara interpreted that to mean she would not be receiving the tattoo close-ups until after she acquiesced to her mistress' latest command. Sara was happy to pleasure herself. This was one command she loved to obey. Sara figured the quicker she could cum, the quicker she could see the pictures of her ass. The thought of looking in the mirror for herself never entered her mind. She wanted to please Heather and vigorously began rubbing her clit and dipping her fingers into her slick pussy. Sara was thinking about her new adventure to Las Vegas, now just weeks away, and imagining what Heather would command her to do. Quickly Sara approached orgasm only to be disrupted by another email from Heather. This one was simply four letters: STOP.

Sara didn't want to hold back. She was desperately close, but knew her pleasure would be greater if she obeyed her mistress. Swiftly Sara penned an email to Heather describing the frustration she was feeling at being told to stop. She hoped her candor would bring an orgasmic reward. What returned was another picture. Sara opened the image and saw that her left butt check would forever more broadcast that she was "Frank's loving wife." Sara smiled. She was expecting much worse and promptly sent her mistress an email saying so.

Heather responded almost immediately with another command to masturbate, but not to cum. She told Sara to send an email begging her to allow orgasm when she was at the precipice. Sara knew this game well. Her mistress would keep her on the edge but not allow her to go over it until she was satisfied. Again Sara began rubbing her pussy and again it did not take long before she was hanging on the edge waiting for her mistress' approval to orgasm. Sara typed an email as she had been instructed, only she kept one hand busy with her pussy and typed with the other. She hoped her mistress would get the message soon. 

Sara kept slowly diddling her clit, further teasing herself, while waiting for Mistress Heather's response. Sara felt like she couldn't hold out much longer, her body tensed for a massive release. Sara had grown to love this feeling and knew her mistress could get her to do anything by simply controlling how and when she orgasmed. Finally her inbox chimed. Another message from Heather had arrived along with another picture. The instruction was simple... "Open the picture and then cum."

Sara read the sentence twice to make sure she didn't mistake instructions. With her left hand's fingers pushing their way into her steaming pussy, Sara double clicked on the jpeg with her right. As expected, the picture was of her second tattoo. As a complement to "Frank's loving wife," Sara was now also branded as "Heather's loving slave." The simple phrase filled Sara's heart with joy and her fingers quickly pushed her over the edge. Sara's world exploded as her orgasm overtook her body. Sara's right hand gripped the chair armrest to steady herself as she shook and moaned through a most satisfying climax. Minutes later she was finally able to recompose herself and she send Heather a simple message. "Thank You."

Sara waited for a reply, but none was forthcoming. Worn out from her experience, Sara took to her bed for a brief nap. She loved her tattoos as they showed off the dichotomy of her emotions. The locations were perfect as only a lover would see them, unless of course, she was ordered to expose herself. That thought was delicious as Sara hoped others would soon see her new body art.

The remaining time before the Vegas trip flew by. Heather taught Sara a few last minute lessons and it was time to go. Sara was nervous, but excited. She had never spent an entire weekend with her mistress and wondered if she was up to the task. She knew how much success at the Mistress / Slave Ball meant to Heather and wanted to be sure she pleased Heather. Sara had been instructed to pack light. Very light. In fact, except for the clothes on her back, she had been instructed to bring only a small carry-on. The list of items she was to bring was very specific. 

1) Driver's license 2) Ear plugs 3) Sleep mask 4) Romance novel 5) Digital camera

Equally specific was Heather's instructions on what to wear. Surprisingly, Sara wasn't told to dress slutty. At least not outwardly. Heather commanded Sara to wear her most supportive black bra with nipple cutouts. Sara worried that the underwire would set off the metal detector, but she couldn't let her monsters free for that long, so she figured she would risk it. Over her pussy, Sara was instructed to wear a matching black thong. Outwardly, Heather directed Sara to wear a sheer white blouse, unbuttoned enough to show a fair amount of cleavage, "for the benefit of the TSA" and her tightest blue jeans. Finally a pair of 4 inch stiletto heels completed her outfit.

Sara looked at the reflection in the mirror. She looked great and she knew it. The heels toned her legs and kept her ass high and tight in the jeans. The bra was visible through the blouse's thin fabric and her nipples, clearly visible, betrayed her excitement of finally leaving. Sara knew her pussy would be soaked by the time her mistress arrived to pick them up for the airport. She hoped Heather would grant her sexual relief before the flight left instead of making her wait until they reached sin city.

Frank and Sara waited for the limo to arrive and take them to the airport. Frank had a managed to pack in a single carry-on figuring he just needed a couple changes of clothes. They were ready half an hour before Mistress Heather was scheduled to pick them up and the anticipation built as the minutes ticked off the clock. Sara was full of nervous energy and spent the time pacing back and fourth. Frank was enjoying the vision of sexual energy his wife was displaying. Even though he knew he would not be seeing much of her in Vegas, he was still looking forward to the trip. Sara's activities gave him free reign to act single again and the promised inclusion of Stephanie to the trip to look after his needs was very motivating.

Finally the limo arrived. It was a large, white stretch limo. Sara and Frank each carried their carry-on bags to the waiting car, a great adventure about to begin. The driver opened the trunk and placed their bags inside. Frank noted that there were two other carry-ons in the otherwise large empty trunk. The driver then opened the passenger door and the couple slid onto the seat. Both were surprised that Mistress Heather was not present. However Stephanie was there and so was Andi. Both were dressed to the nines and looked stunning, their youthful beauty and sexual charms on display for the world to see. Both girls seemed excited to see Sara and Frank and giddy to finally be going to Vegas.

The ride to the airport was uneventful. Karen spent most of the time staring out the window daydreaming while Frank spent most of the time staring at the girls undressing them with his eyes. The limo dropped them off on the departures level and the foursome stood in a blissfully short line to check in. Frank was somewhat surprised that he and Sara were not seated together. On the plus side, although he had a middle seat, it was between Andi and Stephanie. Based on the assigned seat, Sara was seated in First Class.

Sara looked at Frank's watch and noted they had an hour to get through security before the plane would start boarding. She still had not seen her mistress. One thing she had learned in her time with Heather was to go with the flow. Everything happens for a reason. The foursome began walking to the security checkpoint. With every step Sara took, her jeans rubbed the front of her thong in a most pleasant way. She could feel the eyes of horny business men undressing her. Her mind kept racing forward to the reason for the trip and her pussy began to drip. Sara knew the thong would not be able to hold back her juices and that her pants would soon be scented with her arousal. She hoped there would be time to visit the bathroom after they got through security to clean up.

Sara was relieved to see the security line was not too long. In fact, it only took 15 minutes to wind through the line. Sara was relieved her mistress had not ordered her to wear anything which would give the TSA a reason to search her, except possibly her own decision to wear an underwire bra. Sara knew her carry on would offer little viewing pleasure to the X-ray screener. As she moved through the metal detector, a nervous bead of sweat appeared on her forehead. The man controlling the machine looked a little creepy and was focusing his attention on Sara's chest instead of her face. Sara figured he might hassle her just for fun or to run the hand held detector over her bulging mammaries.

Fortunately for Sara, the sensitivity of the detector had been turned down and she breezed through the machine, as did Frank, Stephanie and Andi. Sara had been so transfixed on the creepy machine operator she did not notice the X-ray woman giving Stephanie a knowing smile about the contents of her bag. 

The group now moved down a corridor toward their gate. Sara was looking for a bathroom so she could dry her leaking pussy. Stephanie was looking for one, but for a different reason. Sara excused herself as they passed the first lady's room and Stephanie followed her in. Andi stayed outside with Frank, hanging on his arm like an infatuated co-ed. Frank was enjoying the looks the other older men in the terminal were giving him. As the girls entered the bathroom, Stephanie grabbed Sara's arm. 

Stephanie: "Heather gave me a note for you. They are instructions for the flight."

Stephanie handed Sara the hand written note. The paper had been doused with Heather's favorite perfume. Sara inhaled the fragrance, blissfully unaware of the strange sight she was presenting.

Mistress Heather: "My dearest slut slave. By now you are in the airport terminal and it is time for the games to begin. I'm sure your pussy is already wet, but I want to be sure you are properly primed for your arrival in Vegas. I have taken an earlier flight to better prepare for your arrival. Stephanie will give you four additional items you are to wear for the duration of the flight. When you arrive, there will be a limo waiting for you at the airport. It will drop your traveling companions at their hotel and then bring you to me. Enjoy the flight. Love your Mistress. P.S. Don't cum or you will be punished."

Sara grinned as she read the note and then looked up at Stephanie who had a hand in her carry-on. Sara watched as Stephanie pulled out a medium sized butt plug and a butterfly vibrator. She handed the two items to Sara and then fished out to elastic nipple bands and a small tube of KJ jelly. "At least she's giving me some lube," Sara thought.

Sara turned and walked into a stall just as the bathroom door opened again. Safe from prying eyes, Sara pulled down her pants. Taking the opportunity to relieve herself, Sara prepared the butt plug while doing her business. She was thankful Stephanie did not give her the big plug, but at the same time sitting for four hours with the hunk of plastic up her ass was not going to be pleasant. After stalling as long as she dared, Sara carefully inserted the plug. She then wrapped the butterfly around her waist positioning the vibrating nub on her clit. She knew from experience that they butterfly was remote controlled. She wondered how much range the transmitter carried and whether Stephanie could control it from the back of the plane.

Satisfied that her two new toys were in position, Sara pulled her pants back up. The tightness of the jeans held the toys in position. Sara now slipped off her blouse. Her nipples had been hard since she slipped on her bra so she thought the bands were a bit redundant, but she wasn't about to question her mistress' orders. She double wrapped the bands around the base of her nipples. An immediate swell of pain filled her breasts, quickly replaced by a dull ache. Like the butt plug and butterfly, Sara had worn the bands for multiple hours at a time. Each new item individually might have been pleasant, but together, Sara knew the flight would be torture. 

Sara slipped her blouse back on and walked out of the stall. Stephanie was gone. Sara washed her hands and checked how she looked in the mirror. None of the toys were visible under her clothes, but the simple act of submission to a mistress currently located in another state made Sara's pussy pulsate. Sara left the bathroom and began walking to the gate. Each step was an adventure in pleasure. Suddenly the butterfly sprung to life. Sara's first reaction was to stop walking and lean on a newspaper vending machine. Her second reaction was to look around for Stephanie. Sara struggled with her emotions as she desperately fought back the urge to cum. She didn't see Stephanie anywhere and was sure the gate was well out of range of the remote control.

As quickly as the butterfly had started, it now stopped. Sara was sure it would start again as soon as she started walking, the controls in the hands of a sadistic woman or perhaps her husband. The vibration did not return, however, and Sara made it to the proper gate only tormented by the plug filling her ass. Frank, Stephanie and Andi were all sitting waiting for the boarding call. Nobody commented on Sara's current state as they engaged in small talk waiting for boarding to begin. Frank, Stephanie and Andi were staying at the MGM Grand. Stephanie told the group Heather had arranged for a two bedroom villa. One had a king bed for fucking and one had two queen beds for sleeping. Frank was obviously excited at the prospects of having two sexy young girls attending to his needs and desires. Sara noticed that he kept moving his eyes back and forth between the girls and that his cock was showing signs of life in his pants. Heather had also procured show tickets and admission passes to several dance clubs. Sara chuckled to herself that Frank would never be able to keep up with the girls.
