 Author's note: I apologize for the length of time it has taken for me to continue this story. To everyone who sent emails, I feel your pain. I had originally planned one final chapter to the story, but I'm going to break it into two parts so Sara's fans don't have to wait any longer. Chapter 11 will finish Sara's night at the strip club and will finally see Sara and Heather at the Mistress/Slave ball. I promise, it will not take as long for that chapter to be written :)

I anticipate chapter 11 will be the last chapter of this story, at least for a long time as I want to explore some new characters. As usual, if you are starting here without reading the previous 15 installments, you might be a little lost. Enjoy.

Chapter 10: Sara's Day in Las Vegas

Sara woke mid-morning refreshed, although following her mistress' orders, still blindfolded with no idea where she was. She sat up and called out Heather's name, but heard no reply. She had no concept what time it was or when her mistress might come to collect her. To her surprise, she heard a door open about 30 seconds after she had called to her mistress. She sensed someone walking toward her and then felt a gentle hand stroke the side of her face and finally remove the blindfold. Standing before her was Sara's mistress looking as gorgeous as ever wearing a very skimpy bikini. 

Mistress Heather: "Sleeping beauty as awakened."

Sara: "Good morning mistress. It is morning isn't it?"

Mistress Heather: "Yes pet. It is about 10. Go to the bathroom, relieve yourself and put on the bikini you will find there. Roxy, Peggy and I are having breakfast by the pool. Join us when you are done."

Sara hopped out of bed and did a quick survey of the room. She appeared to be in some kind of guest house. It was furnished like a studio apartment. There was an efficiency kitchen, a sofa and loveseat, a TV, a dresser, the bed she slept in and a doorway she assumed led to the bathroom. At the front of the room was a sliding door which led to a patio. Sara could see the three women sitting around a table. Sara bounded to the bathroom and quickly took care of her bodily needs. She was completely energized from a good night's sleep and the adrenaline of the promised activities to come. Sara looked for her bikini on the counter, but only found a tiny g-string. Realizing there was no top anywhere to be found, Sara slid the butt floss inspired swim suit into her crack, checked to make sure the front was covering her labia and walked out to the patio.

The trio looked at Sara appreciatively as she approached. Roxy had a revealing bikini similar to her mistress and Peggy, like Sara, was dressed in just a g-string. There was one open seat and Sara debated whether she should sit down. She decided to wait for her mistress to indicate her status of the morning so instead of taking the chair, she knelt down next to Heather.

Mistress Heather: "Very good slave. You may take the chair."

Sara nodded then stood and walked over to the chair and sat down. Peggy poured a glass of orange juice for Sara and also handed her a muffin.

Mistress Heather: "Today we have a fitting with your tailor. Tonight we are going to go out on the town and tomorrow night is the gala. I want you to lay out by the pool and tan a little this morning before it gets too hot. I still have a few arrangements to make for tonight. Peggy will keep you company."

Sara: "Thank you mistress and thank you for arranging the personal service on the flight last night."

Mistress Heather: "You can thank Roxy for that. I watched the tape last night and I was very impressed with your performance. I think we are going to do great at the competition."

Sara: "If you don't mind my asking, where are we?"

Roxy: "You are at my house."

Sara: "And that is where?"

Roxy: "It's about 20 minutes off the strip. I took the scenic route last night. We're out near Red Rock Canyon. I've got about 10 acres of desert so it's nice and private."

Heather and Roxy stood up and kissed their respective slaves before retreating into the air conditioned comfort of the main house. Sara was content to let Peggy take the lead. After downing another glass of orange juice, Peggy took Sara's hand and led her out to the pool. Even though it was just 10am, the hot desert air swept across the stone pool deck. Peggy took Sara over to where two towels were laid out under a misting system.

Peggy: "We'd fry without that water to keep us cool. Lay down and I'll put some tanning lotion on you."

Sara quickly lay face down on the towel. She felt Peggy squirt a generous amount of oil on her back and then luxuriated in the feeling of Peggy rubbing the lotion into her skin. Peggy made sure to cover every inch of Sara's exposed skin, in truth, her whole body. After she finished Peggy told her to roll over and the process was repeated on her front. Sara was clearly turned on as Peggy massaged her breasts and tantalized her erogenous zones along her neck and inner thighs. Sara spread her legs in an open invitation for Peggy to finger her pussy, but instead her fellow slave simply spread the lotion along her pussy lips. Peggy smiled at the wanton display Sara was putting on, but said nothing.

Sara was looking forward to returning the favor, but Peggy told her Roxy and Heather had already oiled her up, so she didn't need any more sunscreen. Sara wondered if she too just got a tease or if the trio had done more. Sara lay back down and began to daydream. She imagined her mistress straddling Peggy's face while Roxy sensually massaged the oil into her glistening skin. Sara was beginning to get as heated from her thoughts as from the desert sun when the mister thankfully turned on. A fine spray of cool water filled the air drifting down onto the tanning women. The tiny droplets of water cascaded over Sara's sizzling skin causing her body to tingle. She wanted nothing more right then than to dip her fingers into her simmering pussy and masturbate herself to orgasm.

After thirty minutes, Peggy told her to turn over. Once again Sara spread her legs in an invitation to Peggy, but it was to no avail. Sara began to daydream again wondering what Frank was up to with the girls. Sara was totally relaxed and didn't realize Roxy and her mistress had returned until Heather gave her a playful swat on her ass.

Mistress Heather: "Up and at 'em. There is no more resting on our schedule today. Go into the pool house and take a shower. I'll lay your clothes out on the bed."

Sara stood up and was please to see Peggy joining her. The shower was spacious enough for three with shower heads at either end. Both women began washing off the suntan lotion when Sara decided to take matters in her own hands. Turning to face Peggy, Sara waited until she had her hair and face covered with lather from the shampoo. Sara then moved forward embracing the startled woman and starting to rub her up and down.

Sara: "We have to make sure we get all the oil.

Sara knelt down in front of Peggy and began to tentatively lick her pussy.

Sara: "I think there is still some lotion here. Don't worry I'll get it out."

Peggy knew she shouldn't, but the switch in her began to take over and she guided Sara's head back into position. Peggy finished rinsing her hair while Sara made sure her slit of free of suntan lotion remnants. Peggy, reaching the point of no return, grabbed Sara's head and ordered her to "do it right or don't do it."

Sara took the bait and began eating her pussy with a vengeance. Briefly Sara was concerned that the animalistic sounds coming from the bathroom would find displeasure from her mistress, but she could help herself. She continued to work on Peggy's pussy with her tongue and eventually worked a finger up her ass to the second knuckle. Sara didn't know this was Peggy's biggest turn on and the anal play immediately sent Peggy over the edge. Her knees became weak as she shuddered and quiver over Sara's face. Peggy slid down the wall joining Sara on the floor and gave her a very passionate thank you kiss.

Roxy: "If that was you, Peggy, you're in deep trouble."

Peggy: "Yes mam. I know."

Mistress Heather: "It looks like your slave was the one to flip her allegiance. I guess I won the bet."

Peggy and Sara turned off the water and stepped out of the shower. Their respective mistresses handed them each a towel and watched intently as they dried themselves off. 

Roxy: "Peggy, come with me into the house to receive your punishment."

Sara watched as Peggy bowed her head and meekly followed Roxy out of the pool house. Gone was any trace of dominant rebellion. Peggy was a submissive once again.

Mistress Heather: "You're damn lucky she didn't reciprocate or your ass would be tanned by more than the sun."

Sara counted her blessings as her plan was to have Peggy get her off too. Sara followed Heather back to the bed and began looking for her clothing. All she saw was a short silk pj top and her pair of high heeled shoes. Looking to her mistress for guidance, Sara was shamed when Heather gave her a look of disgust as if to say "I told you your clothes would be on the bed. Now put them on."

Sara quickly slipped into the sleepwear. The silk felt luxurious across her warm skin. The smooth texture flowed across her body like a thousand butterflies. The size was perfect, tight but not too tight, showing her curves just right and ending mid thigh. Sara looked at herself in the mirror. Although she knew she had been transformed over the last nine months, seeing herself dressed in the elegant top, her surgically enhanced breast threatening to burst free, her seemingly always erect nipples prominently on display, her abs and ass tightened from endless workouts with her personal trainer, her legs and thighs toned by her ever present fuck-me heels and her unique hair style all combined finally hit her consciousness. She had been transformed from a suburban housewife who had never cheated on her husband into a cum hungry whore ready to perform at her mistress' command. Sara knew she would not, indeed could not, deny her mistress any request and knew the rest of this weekend would be unlike anything she had every experienced. It went without saying that Sara's pussy was beginning to flood. Mistress Heather looked at her charge admiring herself in the mirror.

Mistress Heather: "Yes, you are that hot, my dear. And you are going to get hotter. I have secured a very special clothes designer for you. I have seen drawings of your outfit for the ball and I must say I am looking forward to seeing you in it. We're also going shopping for tonight's clothes, so let's not dawdle."

Heather turned and walked out the door. Sara froze momentarily when she realized she was going out in public dressed as she was. For some reason she assumed the designer was coming to them. Of course she knew her mistress never missed a chance to show off her body, so that was a stupid assumption. Sara quickly caught up to her mistress, her heels clicking on the pool deck as they approached a red Mercedes convertible. Heather opened the door and Sara slid onto the hot leather seat. Of course Sara made sure to pull the top up over her ass before sitting. She knew her mistress would request it eventually so why delay the inevitable.

Heather took her position in the driver's seat, started the engine and put the top down. Sara thoughts drifted back to the last time she was exposed in a convertible by her mistress. She had mixed emotions about a repeat performance but had to trust Heather's judgment as they turned back toward town, the wind blowing through their hair.

The pair drove through an area Sara had never visited during her other trips to Vegas. Sara decided this was definitely "sin" city as they passed a seemingly never ending parade of strip clubs and adult bookstores on Industrial Avenue. Sara had never seen the back sides of the strip resorts and was shocked by how the urban blight ran right up to billion dollar resorts. Heather piloted the car expertly around the lightly traveled back roads avoiding the Las Vegas Boulevard gridlock. Sara saw a carnival of strippers, prostitutes, pimps, drug dealers, homeless people and general lowlifes as they made their way from the strip area to downtown. Just south of the Plaza, Heather pulled into a small parking lot of a non-descript stucco building.

Motioning Sara out of the car, Heather led Sara inside. Her shame of being nearly naked in public had long since passed and Sara had a spring in her step as she joyful followed her mistress inside. The building housed several small office suites, private investigators, a small law firm, a "modeling" agency and the like. Heather told Sara to climb the stairs and enjoyed watching her slave expose her wet pussy by staying a few steps below her. At the end of the hall was an unmarked door. Heather knocked and then announced herself when the intercom crackled to life. Sara heard an electronic lock click and the women went inside.

The office was very utilitarian. There was a drafting table, a computer desk and racks of various material affixed to the walls. There was only one window, facing west with an unappetizing view of the railroad tracks. There was a second door which was cracked open. A bright light poured through the slit although Sara could not see what was hidden behind. Almost immediately an older woman, about Roxy's age Sara guessed, came through the door. She was holding a garment bag and shut the second door behind her. She greeted Heather like you would greet an old friend you hadn't seen for a while, handing the garment bag to Sara while she embraced Heather. The woman then took the garment bag back from Sara and hung it on a hook. Sara wondered why she didn't do that first, but didn't have time to contemplate the question as the woman grabbed the front of her top and ripped it off her body.

Mistress Heather: "Sara, meet Coco. She will be responsible for your outfit at the ball. Coco meet the love of my life, slut Sara."

Sara held her hand out to shake Coco's hand. She was not embarrassed by her state of undress nor the manner in which she came to be naked in front of the two women.

Coco: "Very nice to meet you Sara. Your mistress has sent me pictures to work from and they did not do you justice. I think you will enjoy my design for you. I've worked from measurements your mistress sent me. I want to take final measurements today and have you try on a jacket I've tailored for you. Tomorrow when you return, I will dress you. I also have a friend lined up to do your hair and makeup. Sound good?"

Sara: "Yes mam. Thank you for your efforts."

Coco produced a measuring tape and began dictating numbers to Heather. She also took ample opportunity to run her hands repeatedly all over Sara's quivering flesh. Coco kept up a stream of disarming patter with Heather about other people they knew who would be at the ball, catching up on events since they last met and Heather's plans for that evening. Sara was in a whirlwind. Coco's touch was driving her crazy and she was sure both women could smell her arousal. Sara was trying to listen closely to her mistress' plans for the evening, but other than going dancing, she failed to comprehend the details. She noticed Coco snickering at Heather's descriptions and heard her comment that "a slut would love that."

All too soon for Sara, the measurements were done and Coco withdrew her exploring hands. Sara was panting with need as she watched Coco unzip the garment bag and pull out a black jacket. For obvious reasons, Sara was expecting a straight jacket, a latex suit or some other bondage related garment. Instead what she saw was an absolutely normal looking tuxedo jacket complete with formal tails. 

Sara looked on inquisitively as Coco brought the jacket to her and wrapped it around her shoulders. The first thing Sara noticed, as she slipped her arms into the jacket, was the lining was silk. The liner was cool and smooth to the touch. In her aroused state, Sara decided the tactile feel of the silk was downright erotic. As she slid her arm further down the sleeve, Sara felt the material constrict requiring her to use more force to persuade her hand through the cuff. Looking at the outer material, Sara noticed it was flexible, but still very constrictive. It would flex, but then snap back into place. Coco helped Sara slide her other arm into its sleeve and pulled the cuff into position. Sara flexed her arms and found she could move freely with a little extra effort. She also noticed a slit stitched into each cuff about two inched long and half an inch wide.

Sara: "Coco, what material is this?"

Coco: "It's a neoprene blend. It's the same stuff you make scuba suits out of, but I've dyed it so it looks like a more traditional fabric. It will do wonders for your figure, although you don't really need any help, but it acts like a body corset while looking very traditional."

Coco began buttoning the front of the jacket. She had to pull forcibly to stretch the material around Sara's waist. There were three buttons in a flap right over Sara's belly button. The front of the jacket was open above and below the flap with the sides and back ending about four and a half inches below her butt. Her pussy was completely exposed, although Sara assumed she would be wearing a g-string and stockings to the ball.

The three buttons cinched around her waist, tightening the back and bottom of the jacket around her body like a second skin. The jacket's tails hung from just above her ass down to the back of her knees. She had seen cocktail waitresses dress in the traditionally male formalwear before and thought they looked especially elegant. Sara was pleased her mistress thought of her in these terms instead of simply tarting her out.

The front of the jacket was also tight, although not nearly as tight a cut as the back. The lapel of the jacket was wide and covered in black silk. The silk ran from the buttons up each side of the lapel to the collar and around her neck. Coco reached in front of Sara to adjust the lapel. It had fallen across the tops of Sara's breasts when it was first buttoned leaving a deep cleavage open to almost her navel.

Coco: "Heather, this jacket can be worn like this if you want to protect her modesty."

Sara didn't like the sound of that. If this was protecting her modesty what else was planned to unprotect it."

Coco reached for the fabric covering Sara's breasts and stretched it outward. The cut was perfect and Sara knew instantly that Coco had worked from the surgery photos.

Coco: "See how the fabric stretches and grabs her breasts."

Sara looked down to confirm what she already felt. The lapel had been stretched to the outside edge of her breasts completely exposing them from the nipple in and pressing them together in a perverted display of surgically enhanced flesh. Sara has the sinking feeling in her gut that her wide expanse of breast flesh would be permanently on display once they reached the ball.

Coco: "Tomorrow I'll put a touch of stickum on the outside of each of her breasts and you will not have to worry about the lapel moving."

Heather: "You've outdone yourself with this jacket. I admit I wasn't 100% sure based on your description, but I love it. I look forward to seeing her completely dressed tomorrow."

Heather began running her hands over Sara's body luxuriating in feel of the exotic fabric.

Heather: "Yes, this will do fine tomorrow. As for tonight, sweet Sara, you and I need to go shopping. Coco, since you ripped her top, do you have something she can wear until I get her something more suitable?"

Coco: "Sorry my dear, I wasn't thinking about that."

Coco paused as if she was thinking of a solution. Sara knew better and was sure this was part of her mistress' plan.
