 Sara and Heather sat down at their table. Heather enjoyed immensely watching her slave drool over Tiffany's dance. Sara's head was still spinning and wondered what her mistress had planned for the rest of the evening. She knew she wanted to party with Tiffany. And she knew she would gladly service the voluptuous stripper she had watched earlier. Heather and Sara continued to watch the dancers while they waited for Tiffany to come back out. Sara was also scanning the crowd watching the other dancers perform lap dances and try to convince the men to head behind the partition. As Sara's attention began to turn back toward the stage, she noticed the pixie looking girl from the Venetian walk through the door. Both Sara and her mistress had agreed this girl could not be older than seventeen when they first met, but she breezed past the bouncer without even a cursory look at her probably fake id. The girl was still dressed in the same clothes she wore at the Venetian, although they did seem a little wrinkled now. Sara watched as the girl scanned the club and tried to draw her attention. Spotting Heather and Sara, the girl made her way through the tables, grabbed a chair and sat down.

Heather: "Welcome. Glad to see you again. My name is Mistress Heather and this is my slave, Sara."

Girl: "Nice to formally meet you. My name is Mary."

Sara: "Where's your uncle?"

Mary (laughing): "He's passed out and I've got $500."

Heather: "Well you will not need any money tonight unless you want to tip a dancer. All I have to do is kiss or fondle my slut and drinks appear."

Mary: "So if I want a drink, I just have to slip Sara the tongue?"

Sara (hopefully): "It's worked so far."

Mary: "What if I do this?"

Heather and Sara watched as the free spirited Mary stood back up and turned to the table of guys who had been sending drinks. Without a hint of embarrassment, Mary lifted her short skirt giving the guys a long look at her panty less pussy. Sara could not see the expression on Mary's face, but the guys were certainly shocked. Almost immediately one of the guys signaled the waitress and soon another drink was delivered.

Mary: "That works great. I've never tried that here."

Heather: "So you've been here before?"

Mary: "Yeah. I've been to most of the clubs. The dancers get the guys worked up. It's usually an easy pickup for me at the end of the night to earn a few extra dollars."

Sara: "If you don't mind me asking, what did the guy at the Venetian get for his $500?"

Mary: "I found him leaving the craps table. He had a pretty successful run, although he was already pretty drunk. I suggested we have dinner and then I took him up to his room for a half and half."

Sara: "Half and half?"

Mary: "Blowjob and a fuck. Like I said, he was pretty drunk so after I slurped him hard, I had to ride him. It didn't take too long to get him to squirt and here I am."

Sara: "We're glad you came."

Mary: "Well, I have not cum yet. That is where you come in. At the hotel, your mistress said you would satisfy me. The night is young. I could have easily found another client. You are costing me $500 to $1,000 dollars. You had better be good."

Sara sat in stunned silence listening to the hooker describe the services she had been promised.

Mistress Heather: "You don't have to worry Mary. Sara will get you off and I'm sure you can find another paying customer here tonight."

Mary's voice took a surprising authoritarian tone. Sara was surprised given how innocent she looked, but of course was turned on by the thought of submitting to someone young enough to be her daughter.

Mary: "She looks like she has talent. She could make a fortune in this town. How are we going to do this?"

Mistress Heather: "If I told her to, she would drop to the floor right here and satisfy you. But I think a little more privacy is in order. Take her to the bathroom and do whatever you want. Sara, I expect you to serve Mary as if you were serving me and I had better not get a bad report back."

Sara: "Yes mistress."

Mary gulped down her drink, stood up, took Sara's hand and led her to the bathroom. Except for a couple of people sitting at the rail, all eyes were on the pair. Just as they reached the hallway to the bathrooms, Tiffany appeared from the stage door. Sara didn't notice. She was focused completely on following Mary. In fact, Sara seemed startled when Tiffany tapped her on the shoulder.

Tiffany: "Have fun you two."

Sara just smiled. Mary didn't seem to care. Sara turned her head to see Tiffany begin to work the room looking for larger tips. She felt herself being pulled into the bathroom. Mary immediately pushed her up against the wall. She forced Sara's hands against the cold tile wall right at head level and imposed a brutal French kiss. Sara's willpower, what little she had when they walked into the bathroom disappeared the minute she felt pinned against the wall. Although Mary was much smaller than her, Sara's desire to serve had inflamed her body and she began to go limp against the wall. Mary began to pull away as Sara fought to keep contact with her lips.

Mary: "I like a horny bitch. The guys pay the bills, but women get me off. On your knees slut."

Sara wasted no time dropping to the floor. She probably should have considered how dirty the bathroom was but she knew the tile was sparkling next to her own depraved desires. Mary grabbed her by the hair and instructed her to crawl to the handicapped stall. Sara did as she was told, her mouth drooling as she tried to steal glances up the skirt of her panty less aggressor. Mary kicked open the stall door and ushered Sara inside. Sara knelt as Mary stepped over her to latch the door. She then unzipped her skirt and sat down on the toilet seat. Spreading her legs to Sara's lustful gaze, Mary gave a simple command. "Get to work."

While Sara was busy in the bathroom, Tiffany had another guy in the back room extracting several $20 bills from his wallet for a few minutes of her personal dancing. Heather continued to sip her drink, enjoying the feeble pickup attempts of the guys in the club. By the time Tiffany had finished with client one, Sara was still not finished with Mary, so Heather waved Tiffany over.

Heather: "How much for a lap dance."

Tiffany: "$20 for one, $40 for two or $60 to go in the back room."

Heather: "What do I get in the back room?"

Tiffany: "It's more private back there so I can be more expressive. You still are not allowed to touch me but nobody gets too worried if you touch yourself. For an extra $20 you can touch me. For $40 I'll touch you."

Tiffany winked when she quoted the last two prices on the menu. Heather knew these clubs were strictly look and no touch to avoid the risk of a prostitution charge. She wondered just how far Tiffany went with the guys. She knew she could convince Tiffany to accompany her and Sara back to the hotel, but she wanted to see how far she could push things in public.

Heather: "I'll start with the $60 show. From there, we'll see."

Tiffany took Heather's hand and led her to the private area. Heather slipped the bouncer stationed to protect the area an extra $20 and told him they didn't want to be distracted. Once in the private room, Tiffany waited to give their eyes a chance to adjust to the dim light. Heather noticed a couple of other dancers performing for their clients. Each guy was sitting in a semi-circular booth and appeared to be sitting on their hands. Heather watched in fascination as the dancers teased the men without mercy. One was on her hands and knees showing the guy her spread ass as she humped the floor. Heather could tell his cock was straining against his pants. The other dancer was grinding her body against her client and pressing her mountainous boobs onto his face. He obvious paid the extra money, Heather reasoned. Tiffany led Heather to the last booth.

Tiffany: "You only saw some of my moves at the store. For the extra $40 you can have what Starr is giving the guy next door. For another hundred I'll make sure you cum."

Mistress Heather: "I have another plan. Based on what I saw in the store today, I'm sure you'll do whatever I want to get another crack at having my slave please you. How much of the $60 goes to the house."

Tiffany: "The first $20 plus 25% on any additional tips."

Mistress Heather: "Here's $20 to cover the house. You are going to dance for me and you are going to make sure I cum. After I cum, you can use Sara again. I know we discussed putting her on fluffer duty. My little slut would love that and I'm sure you and your fellow dancers would too. Otherwise we can just leave."

Tiffany never said a word. She just started swaying her body back and forth and went into her routine.

Back in the bathroom, Sara was still on the floor. Her mouth was pressed firmly into Mary's soaking pussy as the young hooker pulled insistently on Sara's head while she wrapped one of her legs over Sara's back. Mary's moans of pleasure echoed off the tiled walls and the sight of Sara's high heeled feet sticking out under the stall's door left no doubt as to what was happening. Hoping to give her tongue a rest, Sara had just begun to finger fuck the young girl when she heard the bathroom door open. Sara heard the stall door next to them open and a woman relieve herself. She then heard the toilet flush. Sara tried to stop her ministrations, hoping the other woman would leave, but Mary would have none of that and pulled hard on her hair until Sara got the idea.

Woman: "Listen up slut. Your mistress is in the back with Tiffany. She told me to keep you occupied for about 20 minutes. Finish off the hooker and then get your ass over here."

Sara wondered who was in the next stall, but didn't wonder what she would be doing for the next 20 minutes as she redoubled her efforts to make Mary climax.

Mary's thighs clamped tight against Sara's head as she rode out her orgasm. The sounds of womanly happiness bounced off the stall walls and throughout the bathroom. Sara went along for the ride with one hand buried deep in her own pussy while the other helped balance her body on the floor and she tried to rest her jaw. As soon as Mary began to calm down, the voice from the adjoining stall once again commanded Sara.

Waitress: "She's done. Get over here slut. I've been wet ever since you and your mistress arrived and I need satisfaction."

Sara wasn't sure if the woman was lying about her mistress approving, but servicing another stranger certainly sounded plausible and Sara wasn't about to take a chance of displeasing her mistress. After standing up, Sara straightened her clothes as best she could and walked around to the other stall. As Sara expected, the waitress was sitting on the toilet with her shorts and panties around her ankles. Her legs were spread and her hand was already massaging her puffy and wet pussy lips. Without saying a word, Sara knelt down, prepared to service another anonymous woman. As Sara's head moved into position, she began to recoil as she realized the woman had not wiped her pussy after peeing; the strong smell of urine hanging in the air. The waitress just laughed, grabbed Sara's ear and pulled her into position. Sara almost vomited when the smell from the feces in the bowl hit her nose.

Waitress: "Don't tell me your mistress never played bathroom games with you. Get to work."

Repulsed, but turned on, Sara set to her task. The woman kept up a barrage of filth as she continued to harangue Sara and her status. Sara continued to gag from the smell as the woman pulled her head tighter and tighter into her crotch.

Waitress: "That's a good slut. Work that tongue. Suck my clit. Lick my pussy. Get down to my ass."

Sara didn't know how long her debasement went on, but finally the woman stiffened and shuddered through a climax. It was then Sara heard the bathroom door being forcefully opened. She worried it was the cops coming to arrest her, but it was Heather with Mary in tow. Sara's mistress was not amused.

Mistress Heather: "What the hell is going on here?"

Sara: "I was doing what you commanded."

Mistress Heather: "I told you to take care of Mary. What are you doing with the waitress?"

Sara: "She told me you said to take care of her."

Mistress Heather: "Oh she did, did she."

Sara: "Yes mam."

Mistress Heather: "Well how about it bitch. Did you tell my property I approved this?"

Waitress: "So what if I did. I knew the tramp would go for it. You need to watch her more closely if you are the jealous type."

Mistress Heather: "Sara, get up. You will be punished for this transgression. Clean yourself up and then have Mary show you backstage. Tiffany is waiting for you."

Sara: "Yes mistress."

Sara squeezed past Heather and went to the sink to wash her hands and face. In the mirror, Sara saw her mistress raise her hand and slap the waitress across her cheek.

Mistress Heather: "That is for messing with my property."

The waitress recoiled from the force and tried to stand up, but Heather easily pushed her back onto the toilet. Sara continued to watch in the mirror, proud that her mistress was defending her honor. Once again Heather slapped the waitress. The waitress cowered into a submissive pose Sara knew all too well.

Mistress Heather: "You took what is mine so I expect payback."

Sara smiled as Heather began to lift her skirt. Sara knew that position too. Leaving the bathroom with Mary leading the way, Sara heard the unmistakable sounds of the waitress repaying her debt to Mistress Heather. From experience Sara knew her mistress could hold back her orgasm almost indefinitely when she really wanted to and wondered how long she would force the waitress to service her.

Walking back into the club, Sara's eyes needed to readjust to the lack of light, but from what she saw, things hadn't changed much and nobody seemed hip to what was happening in the ladies room. A smiling Tiffany was waiting at the stage door and ushered the girls inside. Once inside the relative calm of the dressing room, Tiffany filled them in on her dance for Heather.

Tiffany: "When you took Mary to the bathroom, Heather took me to the private dance area. I planned on turning her on and making her pay for the privilege, but I now understand how she gets women to do what she says. Within moments I found myself naked and grinding my pussy on her lap. We're only supposed to strip down to our g-string, but I couldn't help myself. When your mistress ordered me to take it off, I simply tore the string and flung it on the floor. I continued bouncing up and down on her legs as if I was riding a cock. My juices were flowing just like at the store this afternoon and I knew I was going to cum just as well as I had at Patty's. As you can probably guess, however, that wasn't part of Heather's plan. Grabbing me around the waist, she stood up spinning me down into the booth. She then forced me to the floor and hiked up her skirt. She told me I owed her for this afternoon and if I wanted to cum, I had better do a good job with her."

Sara and Mary were paying close attention, their hands resting on the small of each other's backs. As Tiffany continued describing her encounter with Heather, their hands began to get more intimate, first rubbing their backsides, then squeezing and finally moving forward in a wanton display of lust.

Tiffany: "I did my best to make Heather cum. I was in heat and I needed to cum. I knew my satisfaction went through her pussy. She must have paid off the bouncer because we were undisturbed for over 15 minutes and that never happens. After she came, Heather spun me around and bent me over the couch. Without saying a word, she gave me a short spanking and the finger fucked me until I was ready to burst. Then she stopped. As I groaned in frustration, she slapped my ass again and told me I had not earned my climax. I said something stupid, like fuck you, and began fingering my own clit. Heather reached down and grabbed both my wrists pulling me to my feet. Before I could protest, she was pushing me naked back into the bar. Just before she turned to head into the bathroom, she told me not to worry that Sara was going to take care of me again. She then slapped my ass and told me to wait for you. My pussy was on fire and I sprinted to the door. I must have been quite a sight for the guys. Anyway, it's time for you to earn your keep Sara."

Although Sara had been enthralled by Tiffany's story, she immediately snapped back to reality.

Sara: "I can't do that. At least not without my mistress' permission."

Tiffany: "I told you already. Heather told me it was ok."

Sara: "That's what the waitress said too."

Tiffany: "Fair enough. I'll tell you what. While we wait for her, let's go into the fluffing room."

Sara heard that phrase before so she theorized maybe Tiffany was on the level. Tiffany led the girls back through the dressing room and down a dark corridor past another bathroom and to an unmarked door.

Tiffany: "Most of the dancers like to be excited before they go on stage. The sexier we feel the better our dances and the bigger our tips. This room is where we come for a little private time. Usually we are alone, but that waitress who tried to play rough for the first time in her life also comes in to help. During conventions when we're really busy and there can be 50-60 dancers working at night, the owner will hire a couple of 'fluffers' to expedite the process."

Sara and Mary peeked inside the door. There were four cubicles like being in an office. Each one had a small end table with a drawer, a flat panel monitor with DVD player, a loveseat and a curtain.

Tiffany: "Some of the girls like privacy when they are 'getting in the mood' and some leave the curtain open. It's kind of funny that a woman can go out and dance in front of strangers but still be shy about diddling herself. Oh well. Different strokes and all."

Sara looked around the first cubicle and opened the drawer in the end table. There were a selection of DVDs, some straight, some lesbian and some fetish. There were also a variety of vibrating devices, two dildos and even a pair of nipple clamps. Different strokes indeed.

Tiffany: "Your mistress has arranged for you to be the fluffer for tonight's graveyard shift. They will start arriving in about half an hour. Right now, however, I need to get off. Care to help me Mary?"

Mary: "Actually, I was wondering if Tommy is still working as the DJ here."

Tiffany: "Yes he is. His shift ends in an hour."

Mary: "We went out a long time ago. He has such a great cock, but he didn't like the line of work I chose. I always thought that was hypocritical given where he works."

Tiffany: "I've sampled that cock on several occasions. I've never been with a man who came with such volume."

Mary: "I'm going to try and get him to give me a fuck for old times' sake. I'll be back later."

Tiffany: "I guess it's just you and me Sara. Have you changed your mind?"

Tiffany had changed her tone and was speaking low and slow. To enhance her offer, she had begun using one hand to stimulate her nipples and the other to spread her lips showing Sara her wetness.

Sara: "I can't until my mistress gives me permission. I want to. I really want to. But she already promised to punish me and I don't want to disappoint her again.

Tiffany: "Then you will not mind if I take care of myself. I need to get back on stage."

Tiffany plopped herself down on the loveseat and spread her legs wide letting one rest on the arm rest and one on the floor. She stared right at Sara's eyes while she began to pleasure herself. She told Sara how sexy she was and how she longed for her touch. Tiffany was practically begging Sara to finish her off, her fingers flying across her clit while she simultaneously pinched and pulled her own nipples. Sara's breathing was as ragged as Tiffany's. Her own pussy was pulsating with lust. She prayed her mistress would find them before Tiffany finished and giver her permission to participate. Sara could tell Tiffany was close. Although she had just met this woman a few hours ago, this was going to be the second massive orgasm she witnessed the woman achieve. With a final cry, an arch of her back and a barrage of phrases calling Sara every dirty name in the book, Tiffany exploded. Sara had a front row seat as Tiffany ejaculated girl cum three feet into the air as her climax wracked her body. Her body was still quaking when Sara heard the door open. Peeking out from the cubicle, Sara saw her mistress.
