 Every Thursday Jenny came over for coffee. Sarah was a great neighbour, always happy to help whenever Jenny needed anything. They had known each other for nearly a year and had grown quite close, to the point of talking about quite personal and intimate things. 

Sarah was perched on a bar stool in the kitchen, sipping her coffee. She was wearing a short blue skirt and a figure hugging t-shirt. She had a great body and could certainly wear that style of clothing, despite being the wrong side of forty. Jenny was ten years younger and kept herself fit and trim too. She wore jeans and a white blouse, something she had just thrown on in the morning madness at her house. All the kids and her husband had been successfully dispatched out of the door on time, and Jenny was now looking forward to spending some calm time with Sarah. Her visits to her friend's house had become the highlight of her week.

"It's so good to sit still," said Jenny.

"It gets easier as time goes on," said Sarah. 

"I can't wait!" said Jenny.

"Don't wish it away," said Sarah, "because all of a sudden they're gone."

Jenny was sitting on a casual chair. She sipped her coffee, and looked up at Sarah.

"You miss them?"

"Every day and all the time," said Sarah. 

Jenny smiled. 

"But I've got you to keep me entertained now, haven' I?" And the two friends chatted away about things friends chat about. Jenny did most of the talking – her life was busy busy with her husband and three children and all the to-ings and fro-ings that entailed. Jenny was past that stage and listened with amused interest as her friend told her about school and home and her husband's work and her daily preoccupations. Then, as often happened, when Jenny had talked and talked and talked and finally run out of words, she said "But you don't want to hear about me. What about you?"

Sarah smiled down at Jenny, put her cup on the bench, and slipped off her stool. As she did so her legs opened slightly and Jenny saw that she was wearing black knickers. 

"Nice, aren't they?" said Sarah

"What?" said Jenny.

"My new black knickers."

"Oh," said Jenny, blushing. 

"It's okay, you're allowed to look. Dave bought them for me." She lifted her skirt and did a quick twirl. "You like them?"

Jenny smiled at her friend. "Beautiful," she said. "I'm jealous." 

"Would you like to borrow them?" said Sarah.

"What? No," said Jenny. "People don't borrow knickers!"

"You can do if you like."

"I meant I was jealous that Dave bought you knickers. Tim never does that. He probably doesn't even know what size I am."

"I'd say an 8. Sometimes a 10, depending on the style. Tim has never bought you underwear? Really?" Sarah went to the kitchen cupboard and took out a tin. "Do you fuck much?"

"Sarah!" said Jenny. 

"Well? Do you?" She brought the tin to the table and sat down, opening it. Inside were chocolate digestive biscuits. She offered them to Jenny, who was holding her coffee cup close to her mouth, clasped firmly in both hands. She shook her head at the biscuits, and as she looked up into Sarah's eyes tears welled up in her own. 

"Oh darling," said Sarah, laying her hand on Jenny's arm. "I'm sorry."

"Ever since Tom was born," said Jenny, "it's not been the same. I don't know why, I didn't keep the baby bump for long, I lost all my fat really quickly, he just seemed to lose interest in sex. Did that happen to you?"

Sarah smiled, took her hand off Jenny's arm and picked up a biscuit. "No," she said. She took a bite of the biscuit, a slow, deliberate almost sensual bite. "No, it didn't. Dave fucked me before, fucked me during, and fucked me after."

Jenny smiled at her friend. "Lucky you." And she dived her hand into the biscuit tin and grabbed a biscuit. "I suppose you orgasm all the time too?"

Sarah nodded, smiling.

"God!! I can't remember the last time I did. It's not fair." She took a big bite into the biscuit which sent crumbs showering all over her blouse. She chewed furiously, then put her coffee cup down on the table. A tear slowly made its way down her cheek. 

"Here," said Sarah. She leaned over and very meticulously started picking up the biscuit crumbs with her fingers, and putting them into her mouth. One by one, from Jenny's breast, her neck, her lap. Jenny watched in silence, motionless. She quietly swallowed what she was chewing. 

When Sarah had collected and eaten all the crumbs, she raised her finger and wiped the tear from Jenny's cheek. She put her finger to her own lips and kissed the tear away. Jenny realised she was holding her breath.

"Would you like to?" said Sarah.

It took Jenny a moment to understand what Sarah meant. She was looking Jenny full in the eyes from only a few inches away. Jenny could smell her friend, and feel the heat of her body. She was a very attractive woman, no wonder her husband couldn't help but fuck her. 

Jenny smiled and nodded. "I've forgotten how," she whispered.

"Well that's no good," said Sarah. 

"Tim has forgotten too," said Jenny.

"We don't need Tim," said Sarah. 

"Then......" started Jenny, but before she could say anymore, Sarah brought her hand up and, using the back of her hand, gently rubbed Jenny's right breast. 

"We don't really need men at all, in actual fact." Sarah lifted her hand from Jenny's breast and put her index finger on Jenny's lips, circling very slowly around the outside before coming to a halt on the top. She pushed ever so lightly inwards.

"Do we?" she whispered. 

Jenny couldn't move. She could feel Sarah's finger nudging her lips; she could smell Sarah's lovely body; she could see the glint in Sarah's eyes, deep brown eyes that drew you in and swallowed you up. Sarah's breath was warm and soft, and smelled faintly of chocolate biscuit, but there was another smell there, one she recognised but hadn't experienced for a long time. It was the smell of lust. 

What should she do? She'd never been with a woman before, it was just not something that had entered her world, but she didn't feel repulsed or disgusted or even particularly uncomfortable. It was so lovely to feel wanted. 

Before she could say anything Sarah removed her finger and leant forward. She touched Jenny's lips with her own, ever so slightly, just a brush, just a faint contact, but it was enough for Jenny to feel a surge from within her and she moved her head forward and pushed her lips onto Sarah's. But Sarah pulled away.

"All in good time," she smiled as she straightened up. "Now stand up."

Jenny remained seated. 

"I don't know, Sarah," she started, "if it's what I want."

"Yes you do. Now stand up and come over here." Sarah stepped away from the table and stood next to the wall opposite. Jenny looked at her. She was beautiful. Long dark hair, brown eyes, long legs, and little short skirt. And underneath she knew, black knickers. Jenny stood up.

"Good girl," Sarah smiled. "Over here."

Jenny slowly moved to where Sarah was. Sarah took her by the hand and manoeuvred her so her face was against the wall. 

"Now do exactly as I say," said Sarah.

Jenny took a deep breath, closed her eyes, then opened them again and looked round at Sarah. "Ok."

"Keep your hands on the wall. Up, higher. That's it. I'm going to take your jeans off."

"Ok." said Jenny.

"Good girl." Sarah brought her hands round and unbuckled Jenny's jeans. She lowered them down, exposing Jenny's knickers. She pushed the jeans to the floor.

"Kick," she said, and Jenny kicked the jeans away from her feet.

"Good. Now," said Sarah. "Keep your hands there, no matter what I do, you keep them against the wall."

"Ok," said Jenny.

"You ok?"

"Yep. It's just I've never...."

"Done it with a woman before."

"No."

"It's okay, don't worry. You'll love it."

"Will I?"

"I promise."

Sarah brought one hand to Jenny's bottom, and stroked one cheek over her knickers.

"Oh dear...." whispered Jenny.

"Just relax," said Sarah. "It's just me."

"I know. I never thought...."

"Don't think. Just feel. This is about your body. Forget your busy little mind for once, just feel."

"Ok, I'll try. This is very strange."

Sarah brought her hand to the top of Jenny's knickers, and slowly slid it down inside. Jenny let out a quiet moan.

"Oh god," she said. 

"Just feel," said Sarah. She ran her finger down between Jenny's buttocks, and round til she could feel the hair of Jenny's pussy. She could feel Jenny's breathing alter, quicken. Sarah ran her finger up Jenny's puss lips, and on the way back she slipped it inside just a little way. 

"You're already wet, you naughty girl" said Sarah. 

Jenny moaned and turned her head round a little. "Yes," she smiled.

Sarah moved her finger back up along Jenny's buttocks, and this time she pushed her finger in further so that she could feel the intense heat of Jenny's anus. 

"Ohhh!" said Jenny. 

"Have you ever been fucked there?" said Sarah.

Jenny shook her head. "Never," she said. 

"It's the best," said Sarah. "Just squat down a little." As Jenny slipped down the wall a little way, opening her legs and her buttocks, Sarah put pressure on Jenny's anus with her middle finger, and slowly it slid inside.

"Oh, oh, oh," sighed Jenny. 

"Hmmm," whispered Sarah into Jenny's ear. "The best."

"It's...." said Jenny, "incredible." Sarah started to move her finger slowly in and out.

"Lovely," she said. 

"Ahh, wow, wow, ahh," moaned Jenny.

Sarah continued this for a few minutes, her finger going deeper and deeper into Jenny's anus. 

Then she leaned to Jenny's ear and whispered "I want to kiss you." 

Jenny tried to move her head round, but she could only get half way. They tried kissing but neither could get into a suitable position.

"Oh please," said Jenny. "I want to kiss you." Her breathing was quickened and her eyes were sparkling. She had a tear half way down her cheek. 

Sarah slowly pulled her finger out of Jenny's anus, and with that Jenny span round and before Sarah could do anything, Jenny had grasped her head between her hands and had planted her lips on Sarah's. She pushed her tongue into Sarah's mouth and kissed her, kissed her hard and deeply. It was as if she had never kissed before.

After a number of minutes Sarah drew Jenny's head back and looked her deep in the eyes. 

"I have other lips for you to kiss," she said. Without further ado she put her hands on Jenny's shoulders.

"Down. On your knees," she said.

Jenny looked at her. "I've never....." she said.

"I know," said Sarah. "On your knees, legs apart. Then you can bury your face in my pussy. You'll know what to do."

Jenny slowly sank to her knees, and before long she was kneeling in front of Sarah, her face an inch away from the hem of Sarah's skirt. Sarah lifted her skirt to expose her black knickers once more.

"I can smell you," said Jenny. 

Sarah put her hand behind Jenny's head and pulled her into her pussy. "Taste me too" she said. Jenny moaned and pushed her nose into the material of Sarah's knickers. She kissed, and licked, and smelled, across and up and down. She kissed the skin on either side of the material, and then pushed her nose back into the centre of Sarah's pussy.

Both women were moaning and groaning. Suddenly Sarah pulled Jenny's head back and looked down at her. She smiled.

"Oh wow," said Jenny, "you taste wonderful."

"Yes," said Sarah.

"I want more."

"But without these'" said Sarah, pulling at her knickers.

"Let me," said Jenny, moving back to kiss the black material. She hooked her fingers into the sides and slowly pulled down. Bit by bit Sarah's pussy was exposed.

"Oh! Beautiful" said Jenny. "Beautiful, beautiful, beautiful." As the knicker material came free from Sarah's pussy, Jenny plunged in again and buried her face in the hot wet musty depths of Sarah's quim. She licked and sucked and kissed and licked again, quickly finding Sarah's clitoris and lavishing attention on it with her tongue. Then she buried her nose into Sarah's pussy, and licked again. 

"Wait, wait," said Sarah, "lie down." Jenny did what she was told, and watched as Sarah stood above her and slowly lowered herself onto Jenny's face. This time it was Sarah who took control, rubbing her pussy up and down Jenny's face, riding her hard. Jenny was like a woman possessed, she could not get enough of Sarah's pussy. From time to time Sarah would move along a little further allowing Jenny access to her anus, which Jenny licked with equal vigour, pushing her tongue up inside when she could. Once again Jenny found Sarah's clitoris and this time she licked and bit it until Sarah started to tremble and shake. She came with an explosion and sat herself down on Jenny's face, her juices running down Jenny's cheeks as she came in an intense orgasm. 

The two women stayed locked together until Sarah had come down and the waves of orgasm had passed. Sarah slowly stood up. She lean down and kissed Jenny.

"Wow!" said Jenny.

"You were supposed to have the orgasm," smiled Sarah.

"I had no idea," said Jenny, "what I've been missing all these years."

"My turn," said Sarah.

"I love cock," said Jenny, "but wow! Pussy is something else."

"Take all your clothes off," said Sarah, "I want you naked."