 After their first encounter Jenny stayed away from her friend's house. Even though she had really enjoyed herself, in fact amazed herself at how she had reacted to having sex with a woman, she felt it wasn't quite right, wasn't quite her, wasn't quite what she wanted. She couldn't put her finger on what it was exactly. When she got home after their love-making she had sat on the edge of her bed and cried. She was still wet from the excitement, and she still smelt of Jenny, but the enormity of it all overcame her and she sat for a long time on her bed, unable to move, not really thinking of anything in particular. It felt as though her mind had shut down, even though her body clearly hadn't, and she just wanted to sit in the quiet and the dark and let the world outside pass her by. She was dimly aware that her husband would be home sometime, and that she would have to pick up the kids from school, but they were both far off realities she would attend to in due course. Right now she just wanted to sit. 

Over the course of the next few days Jenny was very quiet. She went about her chores diligently, she ran her house efficiently, but she didn't go running and avoided other people as much as she could. Tom didn't seem to notice the change in her behaviour, and Jenny was thankful that he didn't make too many demands in the bedroom. He did insist on a blowjob one morning, and she happily obliged, in fact she was almost relieved to have his large, hard cock in her mouth. If he was surprised at the energy she displayed bringing him to orgasm, and the obvious enjoyment she was showing, he didn't remark on it. Jenny usually let him cum in her mouth, and Tom was too engrossed in his own feelings to notice Jenny's eyes roll to a close as she swallowed his semen. As was his practise he quickly got up and had a shower. She lay on the bed, still. There were no tears or smiles, she just felt...content.

Jenny spent her mornings busying herself about the kitchen. Her lawyer mind wouldn't let her leave the morning mess for very long, she liked things neat and tidy. Once the kids were a bit older and she had returned to work she might employ a home help, but for now it was her and so she got stuck in. Her main kitchen window looked straight across to Sarah's house and into Sarah's kitchen. It was by making eye contact through the windows that she and Sarah first started communicating. First a smile, then a wave, then some miming of sillinesses, then finally Sarah came round to ask her over for coffee. And that's where it all started. Sarah was only there some days, she ran her own business in town and was away quite often. But then she also worked from home, so Jenny got to see her quite a bit then. 

Jenny stood at the sink and gazed into Sarah's kitchen. She was nowhere to be seen. What should she do? She couldn't ignore her friend for ever, she'd have to talk to her again one day, probably soon, or things would get very awkward and embarrassing. Tom and Dave spent time together so they would soon notice if things were difficult between her and Sarah, and there would be questions. No, she'd have to have it out with Sarah, tell her that what they did was a one off and that she, Jenny, did not want a repeat but did want to be friends and could they go back to how they were before? That wasn't unreasonable. 

As she was thinking this strategy through, Sarah's car came round the corner and pulled up in her driveway. The door opened and out stepped Sarah. Jenny gasped, and only just stopped herself putting her hand to her mouth. She did take a big breath though, and had to put her hand on the sink to steady herself. Sarah looked absolutely stunning! She was dressed in a short tight black pencil skirt, a close-fitting white blouse, she had high heels and dark stockings and she had her hair tied up. She had a briefcase in one hand. Jenny was breathless. In fact she was holding her breath and had to tell herself to breathe. She had never seen her friend dressed like that before. She was simply gorgeous.

As Jenny stared, Sarah saw her and broke into a big smile. Then she waved. Jenny waved back. Sarah made a tipping cup motion with her hand, and pointed to her house. Jenny understood - invitation for coffee. She felt weak. She sagged at the knees. She couldn't breathe... but she summoned up enough energy to nod. Sarah smiled again and held up five fingers - five minutes. Jenny nodded again. Sarah pursed her lips and blew a kiss to Jenny then turned and walked quickly to her front door. Jenny watched her put in the key, open it, and disappear indoors. 

Jenny sat at the kitchen table, breathing heavily. Oh God! Memories of their last meeting flooded back, the sight of Sarah's black knickers that started it all off, the taste of Sarah's pussy, her breasts... no, no, no! She didn't want that, did she? That's what she had to tell her friend, no more, just friends from now on. No more. She took three deep breaths and stood up. No more, she told herself, and moved towards the door. She caught a glimpse of herself as she passed the mirror in the corridor, and she stopped. She was wearing a flowery summer dress which, she had to admit, showed off her body very nicely. She was pretty too. And for some reason she could not fathom, she raised the hem of her dress until she could catch a glimpse of her knickers. White. She dropped the hem, told herself not to be silly, and strode off purposefully to have coffee with her next-door neighbour. 

Sarah welcomed Jenny with open arms. 

"Hello Jenny! I've missed you," she said, "how have you been?" She threw her arms around Jenny and gave her a huge hug. Jenny could smell her friend's perfume, and a hint of... of... no, it couldn't be? 

"I've missed you," repeated Sarah, holding Jenny back at arm's length to look at her. "And look at you, so lovely in that dress. It really suits you." And she pulled Jenny back into her arms. "Oh I've missed you!"

Jenny came up for air.

"Hello Sarah," she said quietly. "Have you been to work?"

"Yes," said Sarah, "shareholders' meeting this morning. It's only me and Dave and Dave's father but we have to have them every month." She stepped back. "I love that dress! I'd love to see what's underneath too." She smiled.

"I, er, I need to say something Sarah." 

"Let me kick off these shoes and get the coffee on and then I'll be ready to listen. Oh it's so good seeing you again." She filled the kettle and took two cups from the cupboard. 

"But before you say anything let me first apologise."

"Apologise? What for?" said Jenny.

"For everything! Sit." And she gestured to a bar stool, the one she had been sitting on when they last met. Jenny slid onto the stool, and waited.

"Well, I feel terrible about last time."

"You do?" said Jenny.

"Of course I do. It was unforgivable of me not to contact you after we, well, after last time, but I've been so busy with work and... everything. I should have rung you to see how you were."

Jenny looked at Sarah. She could feel tears welling up in her eyes but determined to fight them back. She was about to start her little speech when Sarah leaned over and grabbed her hands. She squeezed them tight. 

"I'm so sorry, Jenny, but I have a confession. I told Dave about us."

Jenny's world went cold. She wasn't sure what she had heard. Did she hear correctly?

"You...?"

"I told Dave about us." Sarah tried a smile.

"You..." said Jenny. 

"I told Dave what we did, and all about it."

Jenny was speechless for a moment. She looked at Sarah, and this time tears did well up and fall from her eyes. Finally she spoke.

"Why?" 

Sarah let go of Jenny's hands and stood up. "Let me show you something," she said. 

Sarah walked round the bench and stood in front of Jenny. She started to unzip her skirt.

Jenny stood up and backed away. "Please Sarah, I don't want that..."

"No, no, Jenny, just let me show you something."

"I don't want to see, Sarah."

"Please just let me show you," said Sarah, pulling the zip to the bottom and wriggling out of the skirt, which she let fall to the ground.

"What are you doing?" said Jenny.

"Just one minute more," said Sarah. "Please."

Underneath the skirt Sarah was wearing a white slip. Despite her protestations, Jenny was intrigued over what her friend was doing. Sarah turned around so she had her back towards Jenny, and then she bent herself over one of the stools and lay there, her bottom pointing towards Jenny. 

"Lift up my slip," she said. 

"Why?" said Jenny.

"Please," said Sarah. 

Jenny paused for a moment. This was not what she wanted, she told herself, I decided I was not going to do this again. But in spite of herself, she saw her own hand reaching out to Sarah's bottom. She lay her hand there very gently. Sarah shivered.

"Lift it up and look," said Sarah. "Then you'll understand." 

Jenny moved her hand to the hem of Sarah's slip. She pinched the material between her fingers, and slowly pulled it up her friend's legs. Up it went exposing Sarah's nylon-clad legs, up past her knees, up her thighs, up to the pattered part at the top of the stockings. Jenny saw that Sarah was not wearing a garter belt. She pulled the material up further until she saw Sarah's bottom and the black material of her knickers and then she pulled the slip right over Sarah's bottom. Then she stopped. And stared. And took a sharp intake of breath.

"What?" she whispered.

Sarah wriggled. "It doesn't hurt anymore."

Jenny moved her hand from the slip material and put it gently on her friend's bottom. There, right across both cheeks, starting on one side, disappearing beneath the black material of her knickers, and continuing on the other side, were one, two, three, four, five, six, seven, eight, nine, nine bluey-red marks, stripes, straight, parallel stripes. 

"Sarah, what?" said Jenny.

"Dave caned me. Twelve stokes. Twice."

"What? How? Why?" Jenny took her index finger and very gently placed it on one of the stripes. "He caned you? With a cane?"

Sarah laughed. "Of course with a cane! Hence the name caning."

Sarah lifted her bottom of the stool. "Take my knickers off, have a proper look." 

Without knickers Sarah's bottom looked even more impressive. There were indeed twelve strokes, three had been applied diagonally across the other nine and were hidden underneath the knickers. 

"Did it hurt?" asked Jenny, running her hand very gently over Sarah's punished bottom.

"It hurt like hell," she said. 

"But why?" said Jenny. 

"Let me up," said Sarah. She slid off the stool and stood up. Then she sat back down on the stool. Her knickers were half way down her legs, her slip crunched up around her waist. Jenny was still standing, but she too sat down on a stool. 

"I remember you telling me that Tom doesn't really take much interest in you, sexually," said Sarah.

"Well, it's not quite..."

"Dave does. A lot. He knows everything about my body. Everything. So after you went he came home and we ended up fucking, like we often do, and he knew something was up. So he asked me."

"And you told him!" said Jenny.

"I had to," said Sarah. 

"You could have lied," said Jenny.

"I had to tell him," said Sarah. "That's just how we are." 

"Then he caned you?"

Sarah bent forward and pulled her knickers up. Jenny watched as the material closed round then enveloped Sarah's pussy. 

"We have an agreement about, well, we call them 'misdemeanours,' It's usually a spanking, but for big ones..."

"Where did you get the cane from?" said Jenny. 

"We have some."

"Some?"

"Equipment."

"Wow." Jenny held out her hand and touched Sarah's face, stroking her right cheek. "Did it really hurt?" she asked.

Sarah smiled. "I'll show you if you like."

"No thanks!" said Jenny. She stood up and walked away from Sarah. "But now Dave knows about us, he'll tell Tom, and there's no chance Tom will..."

"Spank you?"

"No," laughed Jenny, "no chance of that. He'll throw me out."

"Would he really?" asked Sarah.

"I don't know. Probably. Maybe" Jenny paused. 

"Well," said Sarah, "that's all right then."

"I really ought to be really mad with you, Sarah. But I can't be. You poor thing. A caning! Does that really happen? Wow." Jenny paused. "Hang on. How is that alright?"

Sarah smiled. She stood up, adjusted her knickers, pulled her slip off and kicked it away, and moved close to Jenny.

"Because, summer dress lady, I told you a little fib. I didn't tell Dave who I had sex with."

"But. You said..."

"I told him it was with a woman, but he doesn't know who that woman is."

Jenny looked at Sarah, who was circling her very closely, moving very slowly, not quite touching her but close enough for Jenny to smell her and feel her heat.

"He'll guess," said Jenny.

"No he won't," said Sarah. "He doesn't care as long as it is not with another man."

"But he caned you."

"Sex with a woman is still a misdemeanour," said Sarah, "but not a cardinal sin." 

Sarah moved right up close to Jenny and put her hand on her bottom, giving it a squeeze.

"No, Sarah, no more," said Jenny, "despite everything, and what you've told me and have told Dave and what he might know and might not know and what we did last time and everything, I was going to say to you that once is enough and I don't want..." but she couldn't finish because Sarah had put her finger to her lips to stop her talking. 

"Nonsense," said Sarah. She took Jenny by the hands and turned her so they were face to face. "I know it was your first time, but I also know it won't be your last."

"But..." said Jenny

"No buts," said Sarah, "You and I are going to fuck. That's all there is to it."

Jenny looked down at their hands. "What about the canings?" she asked.

"I shall enjoy the pain all the more knowing it is for you." And she took Jenny's head and pulled it towards hers. They kissed long and deep and wet. 

"On one condition," said Jenny.

"What's that?"

"That I get to kiss the cane marks."

Sarah smiled. "Now?" she asked.

"Now," said Jenny smiling. 

The two friends separated. Sarah turned and resumed her position on the bar stool. Jenny hooked her fingers into the side of Sarah's knickers, and slowly peeled them off. She was breathing heavily. She lifted Sarah's feet to remove the knickers from her ankles, but then brought the garment up to her face and buried herself in the material. She inhaled deeply. 

"What are you doing?" said Sarah, trying to twist round to see.

"Smelling you," said Jenny. "Keep still."

Jenny put the knickers down and leant forward. The cane marks were still quite prominent after a week, but there was no heat left in them. Jenny traced each one with her finger and then followed up with ever so gentle kisses. She nibbled them with her lips. She licked each one with her tongue, then kissed them again. Sarah lay quite still, and let out an occasional moan of pleasure. Jenny found that she could get a different reaction from Sarah if she pushed her tongue into the crack between Sarah's buttocks as she passed along each stripe. The deeper she pushed, the more Sarah wriggled and moaned. Then Sarah whispered. "Please," she said. 

At the same time she brought her hands round to her own buttocks and slowly pulled them apart, exposing her anus to Jenny's fascinated stare. Jenny had never examined this particular part of the body before, but remembered the incredible sensations Sarah had caused in her when she finger-fucked her there. She tentatively leaned forward. She could smell Sarah's pussy and knew that she was hot and wet, but Jenny's interest lay in the little button of a hole that lie just above it. Sarah pulled her cheeks further apart. Jenny was fascinated by the movement of the hole.

Slowly Jenny extended her tongue. She started just above Sarah's pussy, which was now damp and glistening. She lay her tongue on Sarah's skin and slowly licked upwards, just touching. Sarah moaned and moved. Jenny pushed on upwards, her tongue alive to the heat and damp and taste of Sarah's body. It was salty. A little further and Jenny could feel the texture of Sarah's skin change, she knew she was starting on the little button of Sarah's anus. It was a perfect swirl of skin, round, slightly darker than the surrounding area, and surprisingly, it had a sweet taste to it. Jenny has been prepared for some unpleasantness, she had steeled herself for it and was determined to carry on for Sarah's sake, but to her delight she found the taste of Sarah's bottom quite appealing. 

She liked it! Sarah clearly did too. Jenny flattened her tongue to cover the entire hole, and she licked upwards. Sarah moaned. Jenny came back and repeated her performance, licking Sarah's anus again, this time more forcefully. On the third pass Jenny stayed with her tongue in place, and licked and licked Sarah's delightful anus. Then she pushed her tongue a little way into the hole, Sarah responded with moans and wriggles and she tried to pull her cheeks apart further to open herself even more to Jenny's ministrations. 

Jenny was enjoying herself and beginning to lose control as she licked and pushed and licked some more. She suddenly changed target and ran her tongue right up Sarah's pussy. As it slipped inside Jenny's tongue released the wetness that was building inside her pussy, and Sarah moaned and cried out. Jenny plunged her nose into Sarah's pussy and pushed it in as far and as hard as she could. Then she ran her tongue up Sarah's pussy lips and returned to her anus, where she again pushed her tongue in and licked and licked and licked. Sarah was now panting and squirming and moaning and in a few more short breaths she came, with Jenny's tongue inside her anus and her fingers inside her pussy. 

Sarah cried out and with her cry she pulled her buttocks ever wider. Jenny dissolved into a panting, crying heap, unable to stop herself licking and kissing and drinking in Sarah's juices. Her own knickers were soaked by this time bit she didn't care, she just couldn't get enough of her friend's pussy and ass and anyway, she knew her turn would come soon enough, and as far as she was concerned, no amount of orgasms could better the extreme pleasure she was finding in her friend's body. This was without doubt the best day of her sex life ever ever ever.