 It has been so long since I wrote the first part of this story but finally, I offer the second and final chapter. Enjoy.

*

Phoning Jill from the airport I learned that the yellow VW had been parked in my driveway since talking with her on my first evening at the hotel. Leaving my bags at Jill’s I walked quietly up the driveway entering the house from a side door. Noticing everything in order I climbed the stairs to the bedroom I had shared with my husband since returning from our honeymoon. 

Looking through the partly open door I saw my husband fucking the owner of the yellow VW. She was perched on our bed her butt high and face in the pillows as my husband holding her broad hips fucked her arse. I watched until it was obvious, they were about to cum. I returned downstairs slamming the front door as I stormed onto the driveway: looking back, I saw my husband standing on the bedroom balcony. 

The following morning, I filed for divorce using photos that Jill had taken of my husband and the tart from the yellow VW walking arm in arm to the front door. She had also gotten shots of them making out on the back lawn. My husband didn’t contest the divorce offering me a sixty percent share in his IT business: the house was a present from my parents and because they didn’t trust my husband, they had retained the papers in their name.

........................................

Twelve months later I learned that the floozy in the yellow VW had walked out leaving him with crippling debts that saw him sell his share in the IT business to me. As I was now State Manager of Help Desk and with the returns from the IT business, I was financially secure. To top it off my parents had finally signed the house over to me and so I found myself owning a late Georgian home in spacious grounds of two acres worth around three million. 

Regardless of my financial security I still suffered from melancholia and a week never went by when I found myself analyzing my past. Having been a woman who was always bubbly finding the funny side of life I was now almost introverted. It was after one of these sessions of analysis that Jill invited me over for a day of lazing around the pool good food and wine accompanied by the kind of conversation only the best of friends can experience. 

It was after we had returned to the veranda where she had had a beautiful meal of cold meats and salad laid out for us that she asked me to tell her about exactly what happened while I was at the conference the previous year.

‘Oh, Jill I find it so hard to explain. Due to heavy cloud over the airport, the plane was delayed by almost an hour. Then to make matters worse the hire car that my secretary had booked for me failed to arrive which meant that it was almost dark when I finally arrived at the hotel.’

‘This is where the conference was being held?’

‘Oh you know me and how I hate the senseless conference kind of chit chat: no I had booked into a quiet little hotel ten kilometers from the venue. I arrived and after showering I phoned my husband. It was because of the kitchen door creaking that I phoned you only to have it confirmed that he had someone staying there. Well at first I was upset but hunger finally won the day and I went down to the bar to have a drink and order a meal.’

‘Jill, we have been best friends ever since the first street barbeque that David and I attended shortly after returning from our honeymoon.’

‘Yes, I remember that barbeque because it was also when David first suggested we pay a quiet visit to the change room by the pool. I only escaped because I told him I was lesbian.’

‘Oh fuck you never told me that.’

‘Darling I didn’t want to hurt you. When you phoned that evening, I really felt for you. Let’s be honest your husband never deserved you: he was a lecherous bastard.’

‘Yes my parents, extended family and most of my friends told me that, but I was too simple to listen.’

‘Anyway, we really are getting sidetracked here. When I sat and saw the woman working the bar, I was instantly smitten. Jill, she was drop-dead gorgeous: she oozed sex. I couldn’t take my eyes off her as they followed her every move.’

‘The bar was almost empty and on asking why she explained that it was going to be a wild night and so the locals had decided to stay at home. As she said this the only other person in the bar got up and left so it was then only us left. She explained that due to weather the restaurant was closed saying she could make me an omelette. So ordering a second drink I waited for Lucy for that was her name to bring my meal to the bar.’

‘Well after I had finished my omelet and Lucy had cleaned up, she suggested that we took a seat with a malt whiskey and relaxed in front of the biggest fireplace I have ever seen. It had two logs at least four feet long-burning merrily. Okay so with the romance of the open fire and glasses of excellent Talisker whiskey things moved on and very slowly I realized that Lucy was seducing me. It didn’t help when I kissed her but slowly we became closer and finally, Lucy brought me to the most amazing orgasm ever.’

‘Did you explain about being married.’

‘Oh yes, but to be honest I don’t think I was that convincing. After all, I had just learned that David was cheating on me which I had also discussed with Lucy.’

‘As we were snowed in for the next three days Lucy continued her conquest which resulted in the next three days being something, I have found very difficult to forget.’

‘That’s wonderful but why are you moping around surely it’s not because you are missing David.’

‘When I returned finding David and his floozy in our marital bed, I knew that I was going to have a very difficult twelve months and so put on the back burner my returning to the hotel and Lucy for a long time.’

At this time I began to find telling my story difficult because tears were beginning to flow and when Jill asked why I don’t take a holiday and visit her that the tears became long drawn out sobs. I don’t know how long I cried like this, but I became aware that Jill was cradling my head to her breast. When I felt her tentative lips kiss my neck, I stopped crying and taking her head drew her into a long hard kiss where my tongue thrust between her sharp teeth.

In a way, it was like the first night with Lucy with Jill taking control and slowly removing my sundress before slipping my bikini top off my shoulders. I could hear my gasping moans as she kissed and fondled my breasts. I felt the heat flow to my pussy and the sexual tension ripple through my body. It was amazing and wonderful because other than two unsatisfactory times with men I had met during a work drinks evening I had only relied on my trusty vibrator.

Before I knew it, Jill had taken my hand leading me up to her bedroom where we made love with an intensity I did not know existed. After we had both climaxed so many times that we were exhausted we slept. Looking at my watch I was amazed to see that it was already six the following morning. I looked across at Jill recognizing her great beauty but also knowing that I couldn’t continue like this.

Over breakfast, I explained to Jill that what we had done the day before was so special, but it was the tears in my eyes that I told her that it couldn’t work between us. I had expected her to try to convince me that we were made for each other but was surprised when with a soft almost sad smile she agreed.

‘Sarah love yesterday happened because I wanted to make you understand yourself. Darling, we have lazed around the pool hundreds of times ... we have kissed and fondled breasts but never made love. Do you know why? It’s simple because I believed you were bisexual but had a bias towards the male. I am lesbian but you are my greatest friend and I want it to remain like that.’

‘Bisexual? Jill, I was always straight surely you know that.’

‘Listen when I first explained about being lesbian you didn’t bat an eyelid and later that day when I kissed you under the gazebo by the pool you simply kissed me back. It was the same when I exposed your breasts and began to kiss and lick them you just returned the favor. Sarah darling for God’s sake take a holiday and return to that hotel and Lucy.’

‘She will have found another lover by now: she’s probably married.’

‘Okay fine but at least go and find out.’

...................................

I couldn’t stop shaking with nervous excitement when I parked my hire car and made my way towards the old stone steps leading up to the hotel’s front door. Approaching the empty reception desk I could see Lucy in the front office working at her computer. I had always known she possessed a unique beauty, but the past eighteen months had not been kind to my memory. Although I had remembered that she was much my height with larger breasts and the classic hourglass figure I had forgotten her dirty blond hair which seemed to flow over her shoulders and although she was side on I could just discern the smiling lips that had so easily mastered me during that stormy night almost two years ago.

I had glanced away studying what was obviously a new photograph of the hotel and its well-planned garden which had obviously been taken with a drone when I was startled by Lucy’s ‘Oh my God it’s really you. I noticed the booking but didn’t imagine that it was really you. You see I thought once you got home you had second thoughts about what we did.’

‘I ran into a huge mess which ended with me divorcing my shit of a husband. It took three months just clear through the basics and once the divorce had gone through, I thought you would have found someone else. I have been so depressed the past two years.’

‘After everything, I knew that I could never settle with someone else. You see I fell for you as soon as I saw you take a seat at the bar. Anyway enough talking join me in the office my aunt will be home soon and then time belongs to us. She has been on at me to take a break so I will ask if I can take a few days off.’

We sat in the small cluttered office that had an aroma of age about it. The sombre walls were bare but for one sepia photograph of an old gentleman with the heaviest eyebrows, I have ever seen. When Lucy saw my glance, she explained that that was old Great Uncle Joss who set up the hotel as a means of making the farm more viable. Looking at me with one of her cheeky smiles she told me his story.

‘I cannot remember if I told you about what my Aunt and Uncle have here ... we certainly didn’t go around the property on account of being snowed in. So until my aunt arrives allow me to give you a very abridged family history.’

‘Uncle Joss’s parents first bought the property shortly after getting engaged. In those days it was one thousand acres of good arable land bounded by two trout streams. They grew winter crops and ran a flock of fine merinos along with ten dairy cows that they bred weaner cattle with as well as supplying the property with milk and cream. After being on the property for ten years they came into some money and bought the fifteen hundred acre property next door. With the increased acreage they grew more crops cut more hay and along with more merinos, they ran twenty-five Angus cattle. All went well until the price of wool fell and this was when Uncle Joss suggested they build a small hotel on a plot of land that had no agricultural use. He hopped it would attract people from the city for the excellent trout fishing as well as the townsfolk to drink at the bar.’

‘So here we are the hotel hardly changed since then: for God’s sake, my aunt and uncle haven’t even introduced modern technology such as a computer for the ease of accounting. Sadly the old place is running down and is now being supported by the farm it was built to support. I love the place but when my relatives die, I will be forced to sell because I don’t have the money to run a hotel plus the farm.’

‘What will you offload?’

‘Both I’m afraid because my training is in hotel management, not agriculture.’

Noticing tears from under her eyelid I lent in quickly kissing her lips. 

‘Hey, not now I am so happy to be here again looking at you: talking and knowing that we are both happy to be together once more. How about tomorrow you drive me around the property and then maybe sometime later we can discuss all the boring details more carefully after all two heads are better than one.’

‘Okay but I want a holiday with you first ... not a few days to discuss my boring financial woes.’

At that moment we were disturbed by a small grey-haired woman who I imagined was approaching seventy. Entering the office she apologized for interrupting.

‘Oh don’t apologize, aunt Edith, this is the woman I told you about two years ago ... you know the one who got stranded during the big snowfall. Allow me to introduce you. Sarah this is my wonderful aunt Edith and aunty let me introduce Sarah Sayers. Remember me asking if Ms. Sayers had said anything when making her booking? Well, when I saw her standing at reception, I was speechless because it was my Sarah, you know the Sarah of my dreams.’

‘Well, I suppose I should take over here so that you can both take off and catch up. You are most welcome to the hotel Sarah because Lucy has been moping around far too long and Lucy don’t you think you should bring your friend down to the house before she disappears again. How about tomorrow evening because that’s the evening we have the help to run the bar and reception.’

‘Aunt you have been suggesting I take a break from work. May I take the next three days off while Sarah is here?’

‘Better than that why not take a week off. I can manage tomorrow morning and then I will arrange for the emergency help.’

‘Oh thank you but I will still cover for this evening.’

Kissing her aunt Lucy took my hand and we went through to the bar where she poured two glasses of Talisker before sitting with me on the couch where we first made love. She apologized that this evening she would be relieving at the bar. 

We sat there just looking into each other’s eyes when slowly Lucy lent towards me.

‘Oh God Sarah I can’t believe you are here.’

Hearing her I leant forward taking her sweet head in my hands before kissing her. As we kissed, I felt her skillful tongue teasing me into going deeper my hands now slipping under the back of her polo top. I couldn’t believe that here I was kissing Lucy knowing that I could stay here for the next six weeks of my leave from the office if I wanted to.’

As when we first kissed on this couch all that time ago it wasn’t long before Lucy took control easing me back into the couch her kisses becoming more urgent but we both knew it couldn’t last because the sun was dropping and being a Friday evening, we had to control ourselves. As though hearing my thoughts Lucy pulled back suggesting I take my things to her rooms before returning for a quick meal before it gets too busy.

Walking down the corridor that led to the rooms that Lucy occupied at the rear of the hotel I deposited my bags and took a quick shower before changing into jeans and a fresh shirt. On arriving back at the bar Lucy suggested I went through to the kitchen where I would find a light meal waiting for me. 

--------------

The evening Sarah arrived at the hotel was the busiest night of the week and with two of the rostered help, she worked the bar. It was so busy that Sarah was accepted as one of the hotel guests which she was almost grateful for after her long journey. 

Sitting by the fire Sarah found herself thinking about her childhood, life at university and meeting and marrying her late husband. Smiling she remembered her first week at secondary school and how she found herself sharing a bench table at lunch with three girls who were to become amongst her greatest school friends. The conversation was excited about finally being in the first year of senior school meeting boys and talking about all things sexual. She particularly thought of one girl who always seemed to be commenting on other girls in their year her name was Celeste and although it was not known then she was to become the president of the university lesbian and gay league. 

Blushing Sarah thought about the first day she met her at university. They greeted each other with excitement because Celeste’s parents had transferred to the Paris office taking their daughter out of school and transferring her to an international school in France. She blushed even deeper when she remembered the disastrous Friday evening at the university bistro and when Celeste made a move on her. 

Sarah remembered the conversation at the bar after she was rescued by the man who was to become her husband. He explained how Celeste had become romantically involved with a girl in second-year physics and how she had returned to her unit only a few hours after meeting her. Seeing Sarah’s shocked expression he paused before saying that she had now become a board member of the lesbian and gay league.

Finishing her whiskey Sarah approached the bar for a refill stopping to glance at Lucy as she rushed to get something for one of the bar staff. Smiling she thought how incredibly beautiful she was before hesitating to think back two years when she had been seduced by her in this very bar. Returning with her drink she thought about the very quick romance with the man who rescued her at the bistro. How they first made love in the back of his car and her moving in with him just three weeks later. 

‘We were both so naïve in those days or at least I was David said he was the same, but my parents were right the first afternoon they met him. Fuck what an argument that Sunday morning because my father said that David was far from sexually naïve rather, he was a womanizer and one day after marrying him I would learn just what a cad he was: of course my father was right but it took almost three years for me to understand this.’

At last Sarah returned to thinking of Lucy and Jill and how she had allowed them to seduce her.

‘Sarah stop for a moment: what the hell are you getting into? You were sexually naïve when you first met David and you still are. So you made wild love with Lucy for three days and then having divorced cheating David you had sex with Jill over a weekend ... get real Sarah you are walking into the same trap.’

Hearing the call for last drinks Sarah ordered a final whiskey noticing Lucy stop to look across at her: she gave a brief wave mouthing later baby before returning to the next customer. As the last patrons departed leaving Sarah nursing her whiskey on the couch in front of the fire, she paused her thinking once more.

‘Hay girl you may be only a newcomer to making it with another woman but think for a second the difference when David made love ... it was like chalk and cheese. An orgasm was nonexistent because once David came, he would roll over saying how great it was. Sarah that evening two years ago was the first real orgasm you ever had with another person. Give it a chance because you fuck this and you have fucked your life.’

Sarah started when Lucy replaced her empty glass before joining her.

-------------------------------

‘My God what an evening I am so glad Aunty warned me to get the extra help. So what have you been doing while I have worked my butt off?’

‘Nothing much just enjoying my drink while thinking of the past. To be honest I am a little pissed and after traveling all day am exhausted. What are we doing tomorrow?’

‘I am totally beaten and just want to curl up with you and sleep the sleep of the dead. Tomorrow we are going up to an old cottage. It’s on the highest point of the property built of stone and is primitive and I love it. I love that it has no electricity or running water. The cooking is on an ancient wood stove and because it’s so remote there are no sounds of the world around us. Only take what you are wearing a bikini and the basic essentials. In the valley, there is a thermal spring and it’s so relaxing to just sit in the hot water with the sounds of nature in your ears.’
