 Just a quick update before the next story, about the video the guy ahot. He kept it mainly for himself, I guess he showed a few friends, and let me see it once. He certainly never showed it to my boyfriend. I expected an abrupt dumping if he did, and that never came about. My boyfriend was completely oblivious to my exploits, and I didn't plan to let him know myself.

For the most part, my summer was much less highlight packed than my last couple nights of high school. I had to take a job at a local restaurant to help me not be broke in university, I intended to attend a school in a much larger city, a couple hours from my hometown town. 

Again I stress my summer was tamer for the most part, there were still a couple hot nights mixed in. The first of which occurred in mid-July. 

My parents were off on vacation, they took my siblings (who were all much younger than I was), and left me with the house to myself for several weeks. Party Time!

Well I did have to work still, but it would be ridiculous if I couldn't have one weekend of fun. I got my work schedule for the time my parents would be a way. To my delight I had three full days in a row off. I started to plan what I would do with them. I thought I would host just a small gathering of friends, my boyfriend, a couple of his friends, a couple of mine, it would be a nice fun night for all.

The evening arrived and I started to get things ready. I wore a little black skirt dress thing. Very tight, very short, I looked hot if I say so myself. Underneath I wore a black thong, and as had become a habit now, no bra. I mean the dress was tight and my tits were naturally perky, I didn't feel I needed one. 

My boyfriend preferred to see me in boy shorts, or bikini cut panties, but I thought I prefer no panty lines. I arranged some bottles on the table my older neighbour helped me procure. I was just 18, so I met many age requirements, but still I wasn't old enough to buy booze.

People started to show up, my house was filling up with progressively drunker people. I looked around, the party list was a little longer than I expected, but still not huge, so I figured I'd go with the flow. 

The other thing I noticed was I couldn't see my boyfriend anywhere. This was upsetting, he knew this was one of few nights I could really enjoy myself this summer, and the bastard was standing me up. I got sad for a second, but then thought, I am too much woman to let some guy ruin my night. I grabbed a bottle of rum and decided I would have a fun night regardless of his presence. 

We tried to keep the noise down so as to not attract attention from neighbours, and then the police. We wanted the party to last and we didn't need 'ear-bleedingly' loud music to have a fun time. It was a party of mainly high school aged kids, who all planned on drinking that night, so they parked very few car in front of my house. I imagine from the outside, my place seemed pretty normal, but inside...

I was now halfway through my bottle and really starting to feel drunk. I met a bunch of people, I knew most there from school. I sat down on a couch with some people and chatted with them, we were laughing. 

I was drinking and laughing and having a great time. On the couch with me was another girl and a guy. The guy relished his position sitting next to two hot girls. 

Once he saw how drunk we were I guess he saw opportunity. He asked us to kiss each other. I looked at her, she looked back at me with the same shy face. I then said I was OK with a peck, she agreed. 

Our lips met for just a second, the guy hooted and hollered, apparently he really liked this. People came over to see what his shouting was about. He told them I just kissed the other hot girl on the couch with him. The crowd rolled their eyes, "sure they did." Someone said. 

"Oh yea they certainly did." Said the guy sitting with us. 

Someone from the crowd added, "they'd believe it when they saw it."

Soon enough we were asked to kiss again, we obliged. The first time was out of the way now, and it wasn't that weird to just peck another girl. 

Someone in the growing crowd complained saying, "We weren't actually kissing." The voice went on to say, "a kiss only occurs when tongue is involved." 

I looked at the girl and shrugged my shoulders, I was alright with it if she was. She leaned into me and planted a big one one me. The crowd cheered, and began to chant "again!". We kissed again, and before I knew it we were full on making out. 

After a bit we stopped and I declared we were done, "Time to go back to the party."

The crowd let out a collective moan of disappointment, then a guy's voice asked "What would it take for you guys to show us more?" 

"I thought I said we we're done." But before I could protest the voice added "I'll throw in a $20 if you keep going at it."

Us girls looked at each other, and both thought the same thing, 'easy money', And accepted. A bill fluttered down at us and we embraced again, the crowd roared.

"30 if you kiss and grab each others tits." Said a voice, followed by another fluttering bill. 

Umm why not I thought, I mean it's not really much more than we've been doing already. Offers kept being made and we were doing more and more extreme things. 

The boy on the couch then suggested we get a room to make this a little more private. I liked the idea of privacy. We went to my bedroom hand in hand and let 5 guys follow us. 

The boys had to pay an 'admission fee' right off the bat to just gain access to my room. We collected $10 from each, we had already made a lot of money tonight.

Just before things get too hot let me stop to describe my new friend and myself. She was a brunette, I am a blonde. She was petite like me, probably not more than 5' and 100lbs. We both sported ample chests, mine a little bigger than hers. Like me she looked to be in very good shape, but still had the curves boys look for.

"$20 to each if you kiss again in your undies." A boy said, we agreed, I was too drunk to realize I wasn't wearing a bra. 

We both took off each others dresses. She was wearing these cute pink panties with a matching bra. She helped me out of my dress, my boobs popped out on full display. I blushed standing there in only a thong. 

The boy made a face as to say to his friends 'best 20 I ever spent'. We girls sat back down and embraced, we began to kiss,I heard a voice say to the other girl:

"There's a big tip if you suck of her nipples." she obviously wanted this tip. 

The boys all shouted as they through bills at us. Oh boy she was really going for a big tip and continued to suckle at me. She finally released my tit, she had sucked our way to over a $100 tip!

"So which of you two wants to eat pussy?" A voice asked, adding "$150 for the eater $100 for the eaten." 

I couldn't decide if I wanted the extra $50 more than I wanted to be eaten. Before I could the girl reached her hand out took the cash. She pulled my thong to the side and started licking. 

"Yes! OOOOoooOOO." I moaned, and a crisp!00 fell on my chest. 

The brunette kept flicking her tongue and I kept moaning. 

Hands grabbed the brunette's waist and spun her around. A 50 slid over my face at the same time. We were in a 69 moaning while we both licked. The crowd roared at us. My hips started bucking uncontrollably, soon hers did the same. She was so wet, for a first timer I was pretty good. 

Oh god she was a squirter. She blasted my face with sticky juices, something I was used to (from the opposite sex though). I couldn't hold back anymore and felt my O coming. 

She licked away all the while, I loved being eaten, and I was too drunk to care it wasn't a hot guy between my legs this time.

After we finished the boys clapped at our performance. We sat up, Her in a bra and panties, me in just my thong. In just a half hour we made $500 and each gotten to cum, awesome!