 I booked Brooke's asshole of a husband in record time. As I walked from the station to my patrol car, my cell phone started to ring. I checked the caller I D, and my heart raced. It was Brooke!

"Hey, I hoped you would call," I said, immediately hoping I didn't sound too eager. "I booked him on domestic violence and assault on a police officer, so he'll be in jail overnight. That will give you time to decide what you are going to do next."

"I'm sorry for the scene. I called to apologize..., and to see if you'd still like to talk?"

"Yeah, I'd like that. Would you like to come over to my place? Jake is home, but he'll be working in his shop."

"There's no one at my house, can you come here? I'm such a mess, I don't want to meet anyone until I get myself straightened out a little."

"Sure, I understand. I've got the address, I'll be there in a few minutes."

"Just pull around back, no one will see a police car and snoop," she said. 

I drove the ten miles out of town with my mind racing. What would happen now? I mean, I knew what I wanted to happen, but was Brooke on the same page? Why did she suggest I hide my car? I'd know soon enough, I thought as I pulled into the drive and behind the house, a sprawling brick two story that looked like something out of Southern Living magazine. There was a three-car garage, and as I drove up, a door opened and I pulled in.

Brooke was waiting as I got out. She had changed out of her black riding leathers and had on a white top, jeans, and sandals. She was even lovelier than I had imagined.

"I'm glad you came."

"Me, too. I have a change of clothes in my bag," I said, popping open the trunk. I took out a fresh pair of jeans, a t-shirt, and running shoes, my standard off duty attire.

"Come this way, you can change in the master bedroom." She led me through one of the most stunning homes I had ever seen, but all I could look at was her amazing body. She had the body I dreamed of having. Now, I'm not too bad, I work out every day; I'm within a pound or two of my ideal weight, depending on the time of the month. But Brooke's body was perfect: nice, feminine, long neck, narrow waste, and a cute little butt that made you just want to...

I'm getting ahead of myself. Brooke offered a glass of tea, and I accepted. She showed me into the master bath, and offered a shower, which I also accepted. As I started to remove my web gear, I looked into the mirror, and saw her watching me. I lay my gear on the floor, and turned to face her.

Realizing she had been caught staring, she jumped. Nervously, she said, "I'd best get our tea."

I started the shower and removed my clothes, relieved to get out of my uniform. I wear a ballistic vest for protection, but it was not designed for a woman. I let my hair down, and removed my under things. My uniform hid my sexuality, and now I was glad my husband insisted on buying me feminine lingerie.

As the bathroom began to fill with steam, I stepped into the cascading water, feeling the tension leaving my tired muscles. I lathered my hair with her shampoo, which smelled of exotic flowers. As I washed my body, I couldn't tear my thoughts from Brooke, the way she looked at me as I was undressing. A look that told me she was having the same thoughts as I.

As my mind wandered, my fingers did also, slipping over my soapy breasts, feeling my nipples harden. I pinched them lightly, and my clitoris throbbed. God, how I wanted to touch myself, to bring myself to orgasm, but I wanted to wait, to see where we were headed.

I didn't have to wait long, as Brooke, gloriously naked, stepped into the shower with me. "Forgive me if I misread you, but I saw the way you looked at me, when you stopped me on my bike. I knew you wanted me, and I wanted you," she said, stepping closer. "Then when you defended me at the deli, I.."

I don't know what she was about to say, because I kissed her. I pulled her nakedness to mine, and we kissed. I have never felt a kiss like that before. We kissed, and held each other, and reveled in our sex.

After a moment, she broke the kiss and took me by the hand, leading me to her bed. We didn't bother to dry off; we just fell into that giant, soft bed and made love. We made love like I have never made love before. I had one encounter with a girl before, but it was not like this. I could cum just from the touch of her hand on my breast, the way she nibbled on my neck and ear. But she didn't stop there.

Her hands explored me all over, gliding across every inch of exposed flesh, as if she were examining a piece of artwork. There was no rush to get to the next step, as when loving a man, just a slow and gentle torture as I was aroused to new heights, plateaus I'd never dreamed of. She touched, stroked, and kissed me everywhere. Everywhere, that is, except where I needed her to touch me. My insides were molten, and my vagina was pouring its nectar, which spread across my ass and dampened her sheets.

Finding my strength, I decided two could play this game. Grabbing Brooke in my arms, I rolled her to the bed, and I was in control. I did to her what she had done. I'm a quick learner. 

Yes, now I was in control... until her hand touched my pussy, her fingers entering and curling forward, stroking the place only I knew. Then her palm contacted my clitoris, and I EXPLODED!!!

Next time, I'll tell you what happened when I regained consciousness.