 If you have not read chapters one and two, my name is Sarah. I'm a cop, and I met Brooke through a traffic stop. Through the course of events, we became lovers.

When I left off, Brooke had just made me cum so strong, I passed out. This is where we resume our story.

When I regained my senses, I was lying on the bed beside Brooke, who was looking at me like the cat who had swallowed the canary. 

"I never came so hard I passed out," she said teasingly.

"You've never been with anyone who turned you on as much as you do me," I responded, reaching out to touch her cheek.

"I've never made love to a woman before," she said, dropping her eyes. "I wasn't sure you would let me, but I wanted you so badly. My panties have been wet since I rode off on my bike. And when I saw you naked, I knew I had to take the chance".

"I'm glad you did, because I was trying to get up my nerve. Are you sorry..."

"No, I am so happy, I don't want to ever stop." She scooted up beside me, and laid her head on my shoulder. I instinctively wrapped my arms around her, feeling her warm skin, naked against me. She tilted her head back, and again we kissed, more gently this time. Now, I don't know about you, but there is nothing more erotic, as a woman, than kissing another woman, and I knew that, this time, we would take our time.

We kissed and touched one another, each fingertip leaving a lasting impression on the others mind. I knew nothing had ever felt this good, and nothing would ever feel this good again. This was more than lust; I was in love with this beautiful creature. I wanted to devour every inch of her tender flesh, to make her feel loved, safe and secure. I kept kissing and stoking her, until she broke the kiss.

"Sarah, I have to tell you..."

"Shh," I interrupted, "You don't have to say anything."

"Is it too soon to fall in love?"

"Dear, your heart tells you how to feel, and it has no timetable. You feel it when you feel it. I fell in love the moment I looked into your eyes."

Her eyes filled with tears, and I began to kiss them away. Our embrace grew more passionate, and I wanted to make her feel what I felt, to know the desire that burned inside me. I touched her breast, feeling the swollen nipple burn into my palm, before I took that delicate bud between my lips. I suckled first one, then the other, feeling her thrust her pelvis forward. My hand slowly slipped downward, across her tight abdomen, her smooth pubic mound, to cup her sex. Her sharp intake of breath told me she wanted what I had to give her, and I was eager to satisfy. My fingers farted her lips, as her lubricating fluids flowed, soaking her thighs. I teased the outside of her opening, occasionally dipping inside before retreating to lightly stroke her clitoris, all the while devouring her breasts with my hungry mouth.

"Please," she breathed, "please, I need to..."

"I know what you need," I replied, as I crawled between her outspread thighs, pushing her knees up until her feet were flat on either side of me. Ohh, she was so open and inviting. I extended my tongue, and tasted her for the first time. I lapped lightly around her opening, gathering as much of her fluids as I could. She was flowing like a fountain, and I licked and sucked her as if I were dieing of thirst.

I lifted her legs higher and licked her tight nether opening, and she moaned. Knowing what excited me, I did the same things to her. After bathing her anus with my saliva, I slipped the tip of my ring finger inside, and resumed licking her from her ass to her clit, darting my tongue inside as she ground her pussy into my face. Sensing she was there, I slipped two fingers deep inside her vagina and found the spongy flesh of her G-spot, at the same time sucking her clitoris between my lips and flicking it with my tongue.

"MY GODD!!" she screamed as she bucked with an intense orgasm. I tenderly continued my ministrations as she rode the waves, until she finally collapsed to the bed.

"I've never felt anything like that," she panted, and as I looked into her eyes, I saw she was crying.

"What's wrong," I asked, moving to cradle her to my chest, holding her as a mother would hold her child.

"Nothing is wrong," she cried, " just don't want this to end."

"It doesn't have to end. Together, we'll figure this out. But I will not give you up"

And we held each other as the sun began to set.