 I knew Brooke's husband would get out of jail after the mandatory 24 hours, so we gathered everything she would need for a few days, and loaded it into her Lexus. I had to hand it to him; he made her a good living. Brooke didn't have to work, all she had to do was please him, be at his beck and call. She was what I call a trophy wife, someone to hang on his arm at parties. Did you ever see the movie "Enough", with Jennifer Lopez? That was the kind of life she had-none! Now, though, she had had enough, and had him by the balls. Maybe she couldn't prove adultery, but domestic violence would be easy.

I had persuaded Brooke to stay with my husband and me. We have no kids at home, and have three extra bedrooms that we never used, so there was plenty of room.

I called Jake from my cell phone and filled him in on what was going on. I left out the part about the sex. I didn't want to spring too much on him at once. A former cop himself, he understood my feelings about men hitting women. He was all for me helping Brooke, and volunteered to run out and pick up something for dinner. 

"Nothing to heavy," I said. "We don't want to be too full for dessert."

He laughed, getting my message. "Never worry, I always have room for you!"

Now, Jake may be fifteen years my senior, but he has an insatiable sex drive. He would eat my pussy till I couldn't walk, if I would let him. Sometimes I would let him, but tonight I needed his cock. Maybe I was afraid of becoming a lesbian. If anyone could do that to me, Brooke could.

When we arrived at my house, Jake was nowhere to be seen. We went inside and got Brooke settled in.

"I'm afraid it's not what you are accustomed to," I began, apologetically, but was interrupted by Brooke.

"I'm not the 'society girl' you think I am. In fact, I grew up on a farm just across the state line. We weren't poor, but we were far from wealthy. Your home is nicer than any I had lived in before I met Jim. He was doing a construction project, and came into the café where I waited tables. He was so nice, handsome, and we began dating. Within a few months, we were married."

"That sounds so romantic," I said, waiting for her to say more. She wanted to talk, and I'm a good listener.

"Everything was fine, for a while. Then he began to change me. I was always comfortable in jeans and boots, but he wanted me to dress more elegantly. He started picking out my clothes, taking me to expensive shops, where these snooty bitches looked down their noses at me. He would tell them to dress me in the latest styles. It was like a fairy tale at first. Then, he started to criticize the way I talked, the way I walked, the way I ate. The only thing he didn't criticize was the way I fucked him. Then he starts screwing around. I thought it was going on, but to have him rub my face in it..."

She began to cry. "That was more than I could stand."

"You don't have to do anything right now. Take some time to think. You can stay here as long as you like."

At that moment, I heard Jakes truck in the driveway. I met him at the kitchen door, taking part of the bags from him and placing them on the kitchen counter. 

"Jake, this is Brooke. Brooke, my husband, Jake."

"Nice to meet you, Brooke," he said, extending his hand. "Our home is your home. Sarah has told me a little bit about you, but she didn't tell me you were so lovely".

Just like him, the big flirt! No wonder women found him so attractive. Not that he wasn't good looking- he was, more like Ricky Van Shelton than George Clooney. No, his manor won people over. He never met a stranger, and could talk to anyone, and make anyone feel at ease. Before he retired from the force, I saw him convince many people that he was actually doing them a favor by arresting them. I have seen people thank him for giving them a ticket!! Oh, he was smooth!!

"I hope Barbecue is okay. I also have baked beans and potato salad," he said in his southern drawl. No one would ever mistake him as anything other than a southern man. With his moustache that came down to his jaw line, he looked like the father on Orange County Choppers, Paul senior. In fact, he looked the part of a biker, now that he had retired from the force. He intimidated people who didn't know him, but to me he was just a big old teddy bear. And at six feet two, and 240 pounds, I mean big!

He and Brooke hit it off instantly. After we ate, he cleared the table and put the dishes in the dishwasher, while Brooke and I retired to the den. Jake made margaritas for us, and then joined us with a glass of whiskey. We talked into the night, until Jake said, "It's getting late, and I think I'll turn in." He kissed me goodnight, and whispered into my ear, "I'm still waiting for dessert".

Turning to our guest, he said, "If you need anything, just say the word. We'll do our best to make you comfortable". He then kissed her hand, and left the room. I heard the shower start in our bathroom.

"He's quite the flirt," I laughed.

"Oh, he's an angel. It is obvious he loves you. That's all that matters."

She's right, I thought, and I was lucky to have him. I don't know if it was thinking ok him, being so near Brooke, or the drinks, but I was feeling frisky. 

"Why don't we surprise him?" I asked, coyly.

"What do you mean," she asked.

"Well, why don't you sleep with us tonight? Whatever happens, happens."

"At first I thought I had offended her, but slowly a smile crept across Brookes face. "You mean, you would share him?"

"Or he would share me. I haven't had all of you I want tonight."

We stood and embraced, and I pulled her tight. I'm falling in love with this woman, I thought. Tilting her head back, she sought out my lips, kissing me softly, then with more passion. Looking into her green eyes, I began to unbutton her blouse, ripping it out of her waistband and tossing it aside. Her eyes danced with the same fire I was feeling, and she pulled my t-shirt over my head and off. Reaching down, I unsnapped her jeans and unzipped them, but she had other ideas. Brooke unfastened my bra, and slipped it down my arms, freeing my breasts. Taking my left nipple between her teeth, she gently bit it, making me moan.

Freeing myself from her hungry mouth, I pulled her pants down, then pushed her backwards into an overstuffed chair. Picking up her feet, I pulled her shoes off, then her pants, leaving her in bra and panties. I then shucked off my jeans and panties at once, and stood over her naked and wet. I grasped my breasts with both hands, pinching my hard nipples, as she lay back, mesmerized. Trailing my right hand across my tummy, I slid my finger between my slick lips, into my molten cunt, before withdrawing it and offering it for Brooke to taste. 

Taste it she did, sucking it into her mouth much as I suck my husbands' cock. I then dropped to my knees between her outstretched legs, and reached behind her to loosen her bra, letting the wisp of lace fall between us as we kissed. I savored our kiss, and the feeling of our bare breasts touching as we kissed. Bending lower, I suckled her nipples, first one, then the other, and now it was her turn to moan.

I teased her this way until I could no longer stand it, then reached down to her panties. As I tugged them down, she raised her ass to aid in their removal. The small patch of auburn hair just above her sex came into view, and I drew them further down over her alabaster skin. Like her nose and cheekbones, she was sprinkled with fine freckles across her pubic mound. Lower still, and her pussy came into view, wet and puffy with desire. Dipping my head lower, I parted her cunt with my probing tongue.

I would have been happy to lick her all night, but then I heard the shower go off. I sucked her for another moment, then asked her, "Ready?"

She nodded, and taking her by the hand, I led her to our bedroom. Cracking the door, I stuck my head inside."Still want dessert?"

"Yes," he replied huskily.

"Ok. Close your eyes."

Next time I'll tell all that happened that night!