 As Jake lay there watching, Brooke and I began to kiss, gently at first, then with more passion. Nothing is as sensual as kissing another woman, especially one as lovely as Brooke. Her auburn hair spilled across my pillow, in the bed where my husband and I make love. Now, he was going to watch me make love to Brooke.

As we kissed, her hands explored my body, teasing my nipples into such a state of arousal it felt as if they would burst. She was gentle, but firm, as she squeezed my breasts. We kissed, long and deliciously, until she began to lick and bite my neck. This causes my cunt to swell and open, like a flower, and my nectar poured from my sex. She pushed me back onto my pillow, and assumed the dominant role. Okay, I thought, have your fun, my time will come.

Brooke suckled first my left nipple, then my right, back and forth, driving me crazy with desire. Spreading my legs, I humped my pussy upwards, off the bed, straining to touch something, anything! Brooke noticed my condition, and slipped her hand between my legs, almost touching my cunt... but not quite.

"Please," I begged, "please don't tease me. I need to feel you ... there." 

"Stop your whimpering," she replied sternly. "I'll touch you when I'm ready. For now, I have other plans. I want your husband to see you beg, but I need to cum. So eat me now, and if you do a good job, I'll help you get off." With that, she swung her leg across me, positioning her drenched box dangerously close to my lips and tongue. Reaching up, I wrapped my arms around her ass and pulled her to my mouth. I licked and sucked her like a woman possessed, and at that moment, I was possessed. Possessed by my lovers sex, the taste and smell of her pussy flooding my senses. Licking from clit to her lovely little rosebud asshole, then darting my tongue inside, anywhere I could, her ass, her cunt.. I was delirious!

I felt her pulling my legs up, raising my throbbing cunt toward her face, and then she was on me! She ate my pussy with the same abandon as I ate hers. We were wild animals, and for the moment, Jake was forgotten. Her husband was forgotten. Everything was forgotten as we made passionate love!! The sensation was unreal; it felt as if I were licking my own pussy! We continued, cumming and licking and cumming, until we could cum no more.

At last she fell to my side, sated for the moment. Then we looked at poor Jake, and the erection in his hand. I couldn't think of anything else touching my cunt at the moment, and looked at Brooke. Smiling, she said," A promise is a promise." She moved to take him into her mouth. As she knelt before him, I saw her lovely ass waving before me. Now, I have a thing for anal sex, but how did Brooke feel about it? Only one way to find out, I thought, and scooted around to kiss and lick her nether orifice.  

"Mmmmm, that feels good," she purred. So encouraged, I tongued her in earnest, pushing my tongue into her. I tongued her until she was nice and slippery, and then inserted one finger, then two, inside. I knew I was onto something when she pushed her ass against me, moaning around my husbands cock. Reaching into the nightstand, I found my long, double ended dildo, and began to work it into her anus. Jake slid from her mouth, and she stretched out on the bed, enjoying the ass fucking I was giving her. I moved into position and slipped the other end into my dripping hole. As I slid down, I held it in place with one hand, fucking us both with my silicone lover, when I felt Jake behind me, pushing be down onto Brookes back. He proceeded to do to me what I had done to Brooke; only he used the real thing on me. Lubing my asshole with lubricant from the nightstand, he began easing his erect cock slowly into his backside. Man, that felt good! Soon I was full of cock, synthetic in front and flesh and blood in my rear. Each stroke jammed the artificial organ into Brooke's ass a little further, and I leaned down and began to nibble on her neck. I felt her slip her hand underneath and immediately knew she was stroking her clit.

Jake fucked my ass good, and I was surprised he lasted as long as he did, but soon we were all on the verge. He came with a roar, emptying his load into my bum, causing me to explode. Brooke screamed out her orgasm beneath me, and we collapsed onto the bed, exhausted.

Brooke spoke first. "That, my friends, was fantastic." She scooted to sit beside me as I relaxed on my stomach. "Oooh, look at that," she said, slipping a finger between my cheeks and into my ass. "Cream filling. I love cream filling!!" She licked her finger, and then licked my ass.

God, I love this woman!!