 Episode 1 "The Spa"

She got on her knees that morning. Her chest against the bed facing the window that overlooks her perfectly manicured lawn. Her husband groaned in the bed. Not a sensual groan but the type of groan only a man makes when he is somewhere between sleep and consciousness. Sarah looked at him and couldn't help but realize that she felt nothing. It was 5:00 in the morning on Saturday and she had to go into the office again. She sighed as she got off her knees and slipped into her clothes. Picking up the bra from her nightstand she held it in front of her. It was one of the plain white bra's she always wears. She looked down and after seeing her panties she smiled; well at least she matched today. It has been so long since she had worn anything else. Well no time for thoughts like that. Sarah pulled her top over her head and stepped into the dark pants waiting for her at the bottom of the bed. After slipping on her shoes she took the stairs two at a time and walked out the door.

Yesterday, before she left work Sarah had attended the office party her coworkers had thrown for her. It was her 38th birthday. She was touched by the generosity shown by her coworkers when she opened the spa gift certificate. A full half day at a very nice day spa in her neighborhood. She couldn't help but smile at the futility of it, however. She never understood those places and couldn't help but think that time was better spent doing much more productive things. In fact Sarah had never even received a pedicure. Sara is the office manager in a medium size law firm and has always been a practical woman. Sure she has indulged herself every now and then but only for small periods of time, a nice dinner with her husband, a show... Come to think of it she hasn't really indulged herself, there was a time when her husband did but that was long ago. 

Sarah pulled her car into her boss's parking spot, there was no chance that he would be here on a Saturday and the walk was much more convenient. She entered the familiar office and sat at her desk. Hovering over her desk working intently she barely noticed Kim walk in. Kim smiled hello and asked Sarah to explain why she was here. Well, Sarah said "I had to get all these papers in order and what was I supposed to do." "Blah blah blah", Kim stopped her. "You should have left it until Monday and used your spa certificate today. Now I'll make you a deal. Call to see if they have an appointment available and if they do I'll take care of what I can and we will do the rest on Monday." Now Sarah was thinking that this was an absurdly silly idea considering her friend was a sweet lady but not the best at picking up new tasks but she seemed so adamant about it. Sarah knew that she wasn't going to leave her alone until she agreed to at least call. Besides what was the likelihood that they would have something open anyways...

"Well by god, what were the chances indeed," Sarah thought as she climbed in her car to head over to the spa. Kim had smiled at her as she left the office to go over for her massage and Vichy shower. Again, Sarah couldn't help but feel silly indulging herself like this. She pulled into the parking lot and turned off the car. Staring out the windshield she sighed and smiled a little. 

After opening the door to the spa her eyes met with a beautiful blonde woman behind the counter. She had her hair pulled back and was wearing a tight black shirt with a teasingly low neckline. Sarah noticed the glimmer of a smile cross her lips as she said hello. "My name is Sarah, I called earlier to arrange for a Vichy shower and a massage." "Well hello Sarah my name is Veronica. I'm the hostess here so anything you need please feel free to ask me." There was something about the way she said it that made Sarah feel totally at home. Veronica asked the usual questions, have you been to a spa before, do you have any injuries etc. While this was all routine, Sarah couldn't help but feel that Veronica was taking her time as she leaned over on the counter writing the answers. Sarah smiled a bit as her gaze drifted to Veronica's creamy white neck and locked on her perfect breasts cupped by a push up bra. Sarah guessed that they must be a C cup and could see the outline of her nipples through her tight black shirt. Her eyes glistened with hints of blue and topaz while she spoke. Now even though Sarah had had the normal fantasies that most women had she did not consider herself bisexual. In fact she had never even kissed a woman but that shouldn't stop her from noticing this attractive friendly woman in front of her.

After the interrogation was over Veronica handed Sarah a white terrycloth robe that was as thick as two towels. She pointed to a changing room and asked her to please put on the robe and leave her clothes in the locked box provided. Sarah asked if she should remove everything. She was torn between which answer she wanted. See on one hand she was a bit nervous about being naked in the robe and on the other hand she was terrified that someone would see her plain boring lingerie. Veronica simply said "We suggest that our clients remove as much clothing as they are comfortable with." Now this was the worst answer possible as Sarah had to decide for herself. She walked into the changing room and stood in front of the mirror on the wall. After on look at herself in her lingerie she decided that she should definitely remove it. She slowly unhooked the back of her B cup bra and let it slide off her shoulders. As it did her soft breasts fell to their normal rest height. Sarah ran her fingers over her breasts and couldn't help but feel a bit sensuous in this environment. As her fingers touched her erect nipples she sent shivers down her back. Her areolas were at least 2 inches in diameter and were a beautiful contrast to her light skin tone. Nice and easy to see from a few steps back, they always caught attention. As she pursed her lips and pinched her nipples with her fingers a thought crossed her mind that forced her to stop. Lying on the massage table with her moist crotch embarrassed her. After strapping on the robe and tying the belt she looked at herself in the mirror again. Noticing how her cleavage still looked great in the slight V of the robe.

Veronica met Sarah as she walked out of the changing room. Sarah smiled at her sheepishly as she was sure Veronica knew what she was doing in there. For some reason Sarah noticed that she was growing more wet. Maybe it was the robe and being naked underneath it in a public place, or maybe it was Veronica looking at her, either way this had to stop. Focus was what was necessary now. Focus and control, just breathe thought Sarah to herself. But every step caused the robe to brush against her steadily enlarging clit. It was just enough to keep her blood flowing. When Veronica put her hand on Sarah's back Sarah felt a tremble of excitement. She looked back hoping that it went unnoticed but the smile on Veronica's full lips and soft features betrayed her knowledge. 

Veronica kept an air of professionalism about her that helped Sarah tell herself that she was imagining things. Veronica led her into a room with a dark black marble floor and a deep cheery wood décor. There was one piece of furniture in the room. A laminated wooden table placed under a large showerhead. Sarah was amazed. It wasn't just a large showerhead it was a pipe running bout 4 feet above the whole length of the 7 foot table. 

Veronica stood behind Sarah and told her to take off her robe. Sarah's breath quickened as she knew the time had come. Veronica repeated herself this time she reached around Sarah's waist and pressed her breasts against Sarah's back. She could feel her breath on her ear as her hands slid around Sarah's waist and started untying the belt. Her robe fell open and Veronica's hands slid up to her shoulders. Sarah was surprised at how much she wanted the robe to slip off and expose her naked body to this beautiful stranger. It had been so long since the last time she was touched sensuously that she was craving the attention. Veronica slipped the robe off her shoulders and it fell to the floor. Then she whispered, "Lay down on the table face down." 

After blinking a second Sarah returned to reality and quietly obeyed. "Close your eyes and relax" was the next order that Veronica issued. In the darkness Sarah felt Veronica's hands trace up her neck and then down her back. After a moment's pause, there was something hard falling on her back. It felt like pebbles or large pieces of sand, thought Sarah. Veronica explained that this was the salt they use to exfoliate her skin. Sarah could feel the salt scratch her skin as Veronica's hands pressed over her body. Sliding down her back she could feel the little pebbles dig into her skin awakening it to a tingling sensation. As the experience overwhelmed her Sarah let out a soft moan and Veronica smiled. Sarah could feel the salt all over her skin as Veronica used the right amount of pressure first on her back then up to her neck. The tingling was exquisite, thought Sarah. As Veronica's fingers traced down her back and moving on the sides of her body she could feel fingernails lightly touch the sides of her breasts. Sarah wasn't entirely sure this was an accident but it she was so relaxed and in the moment that it didn't matter. Veronica's hands moved down her body. She could feel her palms moving toward her butt. As Veronica got closer Sarah noticed that her juices were flowing a bit again. She could feel herself turn a bit red and squirm. That was when something totally unexpected happened. Sarah didn't see Veronica cock her hand back so when it came down the loud smack was a complete surprise. Sarah was shocked. She stopped moving and froze. Then she felt a tingle when her masseuse breathed in her ear, "Do not move, now relax and just enjoy the moment." With the stinging handprint still on her ass, Sarah relaxed and followed orders.

The hands started again moving down her back. Sarah realized that she was not just slightly moist now she was down right wet. Giving herself to the moment was turning her on so much. As she felt Veronica's hands slide over her ass and the salt scratch her skin she could feel the hairs stand up. It was as if her entire body was being woken up. Veronica's hands pushed and slid over her ass cheeks spreading them slightly causing her pussy lips to rub against each other. This was exquisite Sarah thought. She could feel the hands on her and her lips already lubricated touching each other. Sarah let out a moan this time from the bottom of her stomach. She was surprised at how it sounded but she didn't care. 

Veronica reached up and took hold of the shower head and told Sarah that she was going to turn it on. Sarah turned her head and stole a peak at Veronica as she stretched for the shower head adjusting it. As she did so her already tight black shirt pulled tighter revealing her nipples perfectly. Sarah smiled to herself as she noticed that Veronica had a piercing in her right nipple. Putting her head back down she relaxed and waited for the water to fall onto her waiting flesh. Veronica walked away, her heels clinging on the tile floor and turned on the water. As the cascade of water fell across her back she felt herself slip away. Her entire body was covered with the pounding water. Each jet was positioned to make contact with her. From her neck to her feet it was the most amazing experience she had ever had. 

As Veronica turned off the water Sarah felt herself completely relax. Cling cling cling she could hear Veronica walk back over to her. With each step Sarah felt the fading handprint on her ass tingle. Next there was a whispering voice in her ear telling her to roll over. Knowing she had to obey Sarah slowly rolled over exposing the front of her naked body to this stranger. Her firm breasts barely moved as she lay on her back, her nipples standing at attention not from temperature but from sheer arousal. Sarah bit her lip as she felt Veronica sprinkle more salt on her body. First it fell on her neck, then between her breasts. Then Veronica's hands slid over her skin massaging the salt into her neck and her shoulders. She could feel the salt scratching her skin again as before. As Veronica's hands moved over her breasts Sarah opened her eyes and looked into the blue discs that shielded this woman's soul. Veronica smiled and moved her hands over Sarah's breasts sliding them over the skin. Sarah watched as these hands massaged and cupped her breasts lightly scratching in the salt. Sarah moaned a little as she felt her sex replace the moisture that had been washed away in the shower. 

Veronica's hands moved down her body sliding over her stomach and down her thighs. Slowly scratching the skin. Sarah felt like her body was on fire. It seemed that each moment forced her to concentrate on one particular part of her body. Her entire focus was on her thigh as Veronica's hand was touching it. Then it was her shin and then her foot. This went on until her each part of her body was attended to. All except the wet place between her legs. Again Veronica reached up to the shower heads and positioned them. Sarah heard the clinking and then felt the cascade of water falling on her. Again she was in bliss, complete surrender to the moment. She was thinking that she could not feel better. Her entire body was relaxed and all her senses were stimulated. 

Then she heard footsteps. Not the clinking of before but little splashes like bare feet in puddle. Hands rested on her eyes and the water fell on her and Veronica whispered in her ear, "Keep your eyes shut, do you understand?" Sarah nodded remembering what had happened the last time she disobeyed with a slight smile. She felt the water pounding on her and then felt Veronica's hands moving down her body. Sarah thought that she must have been standing above her head and leaning over her. As Veronica's hands moved down her body she could feel them slide around her breasts passing over them then touching her stomach. It was then that Sarah felt Veronica's body make contact with hers and she knew that she must be naked. Veronica's breast touched Sara's forehead and then brushed her cheek. She could feel hands on her skin the water pounding her and this amazingly sexy woman's naked breast on her face. As she felt the nipple drift toward her mouth she instinctively parted her lips. Feeling the hardened nipple slide into her mouth Sarah teased it with her tongue the way she always wished her husband would do. Veronica's hands slid down her body onto her pelvis and then Sarah felt finger tips drift between her legs. In passionate urgent desire Sarah sucked harder on the nipple in her mouth and felt Veronica's finger slide over her clit. She gasped as the contact that she desired so greatly finally was here. Then Veronica rubbed her clit harder so that Sarah could feel the friction between her fingers and her clit. Moaning on the nipple that was in her mouth she could hear Veronica starting to moan lightly. Veronica said out loud, Sarah you are going to cum for me today. I'm going to make u moan and cum for me. All Sarah could do was moan and gasp as a finger slowly entered her. It was as if the finger had pierced the balloon containing her desire. She felt her hips buck upward uncontrollably and all she could think of was how good it felt to have her pussy explored. 

Veronica's finger drifted out of her pussy and brushed against her clit, lightly teasing it as if it were a delicate flower that needed to be caressed. It was then that Sarah surprised herself as she grunted in a possessed voice "Fuck me, take your fingers and fuck my pussy." Veronica, smiled to herself realizing that this woman was hers for the taking. Sarah felt Veronica move and soon she could not feel the water anymore. There was a musky tinge to the air as she realized that Veronica's knees were on either side of her face. Veronica commanded, "Please my pussy with your tongue my little slut and you may get your satisfaction. Open your eyes now and look at what you will be servicing" Sarah opened her eyes and she felt the fingers slide back into her. Moaning, she stuck her tongue out and made contact with the cleanly shaven pussy lips hanging over her face. Veronica's pussy had large engorged lips and a lovely protruding clit. Sarah's tongue dragged up and down the lips and then she took them in her mouth sucking on them. This was what she had tried to teach her husband to do in order to service her but only with limited success. Right now she was desperately trying to make Veronica moan. It seemed all she wanted to do was service this woman who was providing her with so much pleasure. 

As Sarah's mouth locked on Veronica's clit she felt the fingers withdraw slightly and then a tongue make contact with her clit. She was seeing stars all she could do was suck and focus on the mouth locked on her own pussy. She felt the grunts of pleasure, the vibration created as Veronica could no longer keep her pleasure hidden. Sarah smiled as her fingers found their way inside Veronica's pussy. She wanted to make this woman cum on her face. She wanted to taste the sweet cum and lick it from this woman's pussy. She worked them in and out and felt Veronica match her motions in her own pussy. Sarah could feel the passion building and could tell that she was very close to a release. In a muffled voice she cried, "Veronica I can't hold it in I'm going to cum for you." Veronica drove her fingers in hard and fast. She ordered Sarah to fuck her pussy the same way. It was the moment where she felt Veronica's pussy clench on her fingers that Sarah knew she had reached the pinnacle. Veronica yelled, "Oh fuck my little slut, take my cum in your mouth, I want you to taste it" Sarah felt the pussy grind on her face and she was left with creamy cum on her mouth. The taste of the evidence of the orgasm that she had caused was enough to send shudders down Sarah's body. She felt her body tense and as she did Veronica ordered her to cum. Veronica said, "Give me your cum my slut, I want to taste it, cum on my mouth." Sarah had no choice but to obey. Her body clenched and she felt her pussy quiver. Moaning she shuddered and then fell back on the table with a sense of release and relaxation she had not experienced in quiet a while. 

Veronica climbed off of Sarah and walked to shut off the water. Then walking back Sarah watched her slide fingers in her mouth and wipe around her chin licking them afterwards. Sarah knew that she must have covered her face in cum. Veronica smiled and then pressed her lips against Sarah's. Softly pressing her tongue inside, Sarah could feel Veronica caress her tongue. After the kiss broke, Veronica whispered in Sarah's ear, "Thank you." Smiling, Sarah pulled Veronica back and kissed her deeply, then smiling she said "No sweetie, thank you. My god I needed that."

Veronica then pulled away and started redressing again. While she was pulling on her clothes she told Sarah that Philip would be finishing the experience with a massage. She told Sarah to lie on her stomach again and placed the towel over her body. Whispering in her ear, Veronica told Sarah that she would meet her back out front when she was done. Sarah lay waiting for this man to come in and while she did she breathed lightly and smiled. She couldn't believe what had just happened and what really surprised her was that she really didn't care. It was amazing and she was consumed in the bliss of the moment.

Sarah was brought back to her senses by a pair of strong hands touching her back. She looked up and saw a man of average height with long brown hair and a strong chin looking down at her. Their eyes met and he smiled at her introducing himself as Philip. Sarah smiled back and lay down. As his hands slid down her body she felt each muscle release whatever tension was left. Her body melted into the table and her mind drifted off into oblivion, her last thought was "I have to thank Kim."