 For the past couple of years I had been getting progressively more curious about what it would be like to have sex with another woman, it had become my favourite fantasy and increasingly my imagination would conjure up a certain image of a beautiful blond girl whenever I reached for my favourite sex toys and indulged myself. I would visualize this woman seducing me and let her gently but firmly coerce me into fantastic lesbian sex. What always spoilt the moment was that I had had a very straight-laced upbringing and so I often felt guilty afterwards, thinking how wrong it was to have sexual feelings towards other women. To make matters worse I knew how ridiculous I was being feeling ashamed of my lesbian fantasies, as my husband and I had decided to ‘open’ our marriage well over a year ago, I was having sex with other men on a fairly regular basis and did not feel ashamed of that in the slightest, even with my ‘respectable’ background. I guess it must have been because I was doing it with my husband’s support and encouragement.

One night we were talking generally about our fantasies and I admitted to my husband Kevin, how my thoughts were increasingly turning towards other women, and after some serious coaxing I related my fantasy to him. Kevin was not satisfied with me just telling the overall gist of my fantasy, he wanted me to show him exactly what I felt by re-living the whole thing in my head. Fortunately we are both very confident and relaxed with each other sexually and so after a while I closed my eyes and just let my mind wander into one of my favourite scenarios. 

As my story unfolded my sexual arousal increased very quickly, my hands automatically sought out my rapidly swelling pussy, and while my left hand teased and circled my clitoris, my right delved deeper until it found my waiting hole and I slowly pushed a finger inside.

With a little gentile persuasion Kevin managed to keep me on track and as my fantasy progressed I somehow managed to describe what I was visualizing.

I did not hold back in the slightest, and hearing my own voice dripping with desire as I was gently forced to go down and taste my imaginary girlfriend greatly heightened the intensity of the moment, I caressed myself with greater enthusiasm as my excitement rose and I rubbed manically at my now very wet pussy.

I could feel myself rushing headlong towards what I knew was going to be a huge orgasm and I could not speak any more, nor did I need to.

Kevin was well aware of where I was in my fantasy and he sat back and watched as I thrashed about the bed, lost in the power of my erotic mental vision.

In my imagination I was locked in a 69 position with a beautiful woman, my mouth was plunged into her sweet tasting pussy and I sucked the life out of her while she squirmed in my arms, her own tongue sought its way inside my desperately yearning cunt and lapped at my overflowing juices sending me to the edge of the yawning chasm of my orgasm.

In the real world, I was laying on my bed, the fingers of my left hand furiously rubbing at my clitoris while three of the fingers of my right hand were thrusting themselves in and out of my sopping hole as I fucked myself into oblivion.

I knew I wouldn’t last long, I never had when I was fantasizing about girls as I got so turned on by my imaginings, and true to form I quickly felt myself approaching the inevitable sexual avalanche.

My body begin to tense up as the first pulsating waves began to spread from my pussy, working their way outwards like ripples in a pond. I fucked myself into a frenzy with my fingers, my come flowing freely out of my vagina and making loud squelching noises against my swollen labia as I pounded myself with my hands. 

My nipples were tingling with an unbearable urgency and I began to shudder violently.

Finally I exploded onto the crest of a massive orgasm! I screamed out loudly as my body shook with uncontrollable spasms’ and the muscles in my pussy contracted and pulsed around my embedded fingers. I sucked in a huge amount of air, rolling around the bed like I was possessed by the devil. I groaned through clenched teeth as I devoured every last drop of the incredible sensations running throughout my body and holding my breath I convulsed until the intensity passed and I slowly but surely rejoined the land of the living.

Eventually I managed to pull myself together and I looked up at Kevin a bit sheepishly.

“Wow Sarah! We have got to do something about this!” His eyes were alight with excitement. “Why haven’t you told me before that you liked girls this much?”

I lifted my naked body further up onto the pillows into a half-sitting position. I was still feeling extremely aroused and my hand continued to gently stroke my come soaked and swollen vagina.

“I don’t know? It just didn’t feel right somehow.” I tried to explain. “I know it shouldn’t matter if I have fantasies about girls, but I find it kind of embarrassing.” I fumbled on, “I know I am being ridiculous considering the fact that I have fucked a whole string of different men in the past year or so, but it is different with girls. It just feels wrong somehow and I find it hard to admit that I feel this way.”

Kevin smiled and crawling onto the bed he kissed me tenderly on the lips. “Sarah I love you more than anything in the world.” His hand travelled down my arm and covering my hand he pushed one of my fingers into my moist hole, holding it there firmly. “But sometimes you can be such a plonker!”

I feigned anger and tried to slap him but he had my hand pinned tightly between my legs and had grabbed hold of the other before I could move. We rolled around on the bed in a mock struggle and I came to rest underneath him, my hand, and his still firmly buried between my legs. With my free hand I tenderly stroked his face, our lips were inches apart and I looked lovingly into his eyes.

“Kevin, I love you so much.”

“I know Sarah, and you know I will always love you too, no matter what you may get up to.”

I slipped my tongue into his mouth, kissing him passionately. My body started to serpent and sway and I thrust my groin into his as Kevin’s finger joined mine in my receptive and craving pussy.

“Not quite yet my darling,” he teased, rolling off to lay beside me while both he and I continued to gently finger-fuck me in a delightful synchronization. “Before you get carried away I want to sort out this problem you have with girls.”

I was feeling so very horny now. Once my body had started taking over I found it harder and harder to fight it. I have always been the same. I am highly sexed and once I get to a certain level of arousal I lose control completely and just have to be fucked!

I was not at that level yet but I was certainly on the way.

“Oh Kevin. Can’t we talk about this later?” I pleaded.

He kissed me on the nose. “Calm down sweetheart. You can play with yourself while we are talking, but I want to sort out this girlie thing now that you have finally brought it up.”

We spoke for ages about my confused and conflicting emotions until eventually Kevin’s persistent logic finally got through to me and I realised that I had no genuine opposition to having sex with women, I was just feeling guilty because of the way I had been brought up and was ‘programmed’ to think.

As always Kevin helped shore up my self-confidence and eventually I was honest with myself and faced the fact that I could well be bisexual, at least I had to agree that given the chance I would like to try and find out.

Like most men Kevin loved the thought of his wife having sex with another woman and was soon coming up with various ways to turn my fantasy into a reality.

This is where I had to pull in his reins. I told him firmly that even though I had finally accepted that I wanted to give it a try, I was much too self-conscious to go it alone. 

It’s funny. I had no qualms about going out and getting ‘picked up’ anytime I wanted sex with another man, but this was different somehow.

Eventually Kevin came up with an idea that seemed perfect. To be honest I don’t know why we had not thought of it before tonight, before I’d even admitted my desire for girls.

One of our local weekly newspapers contained pages of ‘contact ads’, with hundreds of singles and couples seeking others for sex. It seemed so logical, we had both been picking-up other sexual partners and had a lot of discreet fun, but had only been able to share the experience by recounting it to each other when we got home. If we met up with another ‘like minded’ couple we could actually watch each other being fucked by strangers and possibly even join in!

This also seemed to be the solution to my anxiety of getting together with a girl, as I knew I would have Kevin around to bolster my confidence again if I needed it.

We made love long into the night after reaching our decision, knowing that we were about to embark on a new and potentially exciting chapter in our lives.

Kevin is not one to ‘let the grass grow’, and just three weeks later we were on our way to a bar to meet a couple called Anne and Alan.

We had spoken to many prospective couples on the phone but for one reason or another they did not feel right. Tonight though, I had higher hopes. 

I had spoken with both Anne and Alan quite a few times that week and they seemed to be really nice, sensible and ‘normal’ people. Anne told me she was twenty-eight and bisexual, and Alan was thirty-two and straight. Perfect.

We all agreed that we wanted to meet each other as soon as possible but we both had other commitments the approaching weekend. Friday night was out because Alan had his children over, (from his first marriage), and on Saturday they had already made arraignments to meet with a friend.

Kevin and myself also had a family party to go to on the Saturday.

We eventually solved the problem by arranging to meet them in the same bar they were seeing their friend in but an hour or so earlier. It was not far from the party we had to attend and so it suited everyone.

It was mid July. We were in the middle of a hot spell and the nights were warm and balmy. Even so, I did not have a clue what to wear. I mean, what does someone wear when they are going to offer their body to two complete strangers?

I keep myself in pretty good shape and I am quite pleased with the way I look, so I certainly didn’t mind showing my body off. It’s just that I wanted to make the right impression, ‘whatever that was?’ Finally I gave in to Kevin who was determined that I should go dressed in something as revealing as possible. In fact his final words on the subject were.

“Look Sarah. You are going to meet two people who you hope will fuck your brains out, so you might as well advertise what you have to offer and show them just how fuckable you really are!” His last comment was the one that sold me when he smiled at me and said. “Anyway, even if we don’t like them it will drive me wild having you on my arm dressed like a slut; you know how much that turns me on and I promise I will shag you senseless afterwards however it turns out.”

That was good enough for me! Besides, for some strange reason I have always found it exciting dressing like a high-class whore. I love the openly leering stares men give me and any disapproving looks from other women has never bothered me in the slightest, it just makes me feel powerful and more sure of myself as I know that most of them do not have the courage, or the body to be able to pull it off.

Anyway Kevin was right. I was not going to a woman’s lib meeting, I was going to show Anne and Alan that I had a good body and was willing to share it with them if we all liked each other, so I decided to really go for broke, and dressed as sleazy as I dare!

I wore silver metallic mesh tank top that did not leave much to the imagination, it was very thin and it hugged the curves and contours of my breasts, hanging from my nipples and stopping about two inches above my navel. I matched it with a very short, electric blue mini-skirt that sat low on my hips and silver high-heeled sandals. I was going to wear a thong under my skirt, but the more I began to dress like a whore, the more I got into the part. I was beginning to feel very horny and so smiling to myself I decided not to bother.

The skirt I was wearing seemed not much larger than a belt and I knew that if I bent over, even slightly, the lips of my naked and pouting vagina were going to be on show, and anyone who sat down in front of me would not be able to avoid getting a perfect view of my neatly trimmed pussy! 

That thought turned me on even more, in fact the way I was feeling if I got the chance I was going to make sure that someone got a real good look.

I checked myself out in the mirror and smiled at my reflection. I was showing a vast amount of flesh as the two pieces of miniscule clothing I was wearing did little to cover my body. I had a good all-over tan and my long golden-red hair hung down around my shoulders. I had carefully applied my make-up and painted my nails, and all in all I thought I looked a knockout. If Anne and Alan did not want to seriously fuck this body they would have to be blind! The only other thing I had to remember before we left was to take along a more conservative dress to slip into for our family party afterwards. If my parents saw me dressed like this they would have a fit.

We walked into the bar at about six o’clock and I looked around trying to pick them out from the descriptions we had been given. Within seconds of us walking in the door I saw a man approaching.

“You must be Kevin?” He said, holding out his hand to my husband. “How yha doing? I’m Alan.”

They shook hands and then turning to me he said. “And you must be the lovely Sarah?”

Alan also took my hand, and with a flourish he leaned forward and gave me a peck on the lips. He looked me up and down suggestively and whistled.

“Wow! Anne’s going to love you! She is just over there.” He nodded towards the corner of the bar.

“Come on over she’s looking forward to meeting you both.”

As I had hoped they turned out to be a really nice couple. Alan had dark brown, almost black hair and very sexy brown eyes with long dark eyelashes. His strong chiselled face was softened by his smile that seemed to perpetuate on his lips as though he found the whole world amusing. He was not very tall, about 5’8”, but I could see he had a very good body underneath the tight black tee shirt and jeans he was wearing. 

Anne was also very pretty. She was wearing a short white V-neck cotton top with a pale blue mini-skirt and low-heeled blue shoes. She had strawberry blond hair that fell to just below her shoulders in loose natural waves and her big brown eyes looked out of long dark eyelashes. A small straight nose led down to the full lips of her mouth and perfect white teeth.

Anne was much taller than me, and as I looked her over I allowed my eyes to climb her long slender legs, slowly leading my way up to her shapely, muscular thighs. Her firm flat stomach was on show with a diamond-studded flower in her pierced tummy button, and as if saving the best till last I finally came to Anne’s huge breasts!

I was quite in awe of them. They stood out proudly challenging anyone in their path and defying Newton’s laws of gravity. Being about five inches shorter than her I was acutely aware of them staring me straight in the face. 

Anne’s top was low cut and her ample cleavage led my eyes to where her large nipples pushed urgently at the thin white cotton of her top, the aureole around them just visible beneath. 

Under normal circumstances it would all be irrelevant. I would not have taken any notice of Anne’s bust large or small. But as it was I was very conscious of the fact that in the near future I was possibly going to get naked with her and have to do something with those monsters.

She smiled as she watched me check her over and when she saw my eyes settle on her breasts she said. 

“I hope you like them Sarah, they’re the real thing.”

I felt my face begin to flush. “I’m so sorry Anne.” I uttered timidly, horrified at being caught staring at her voluptuous breasts. “I didn’t mean to be rude.”

Anne laughed warmly. “It’s alright Sarah. I’m really rather proud of them. That’s why I show them off so much. Besides, Alan and I both love all the attention they get me. I have loads of fun giving people a free peek at them every now and then.”

I smiled and began to relax. I knew exactly what she meant. The fact that I was not wearing anything under my skirt testified to that. “You do have a lovely body.” I said feeling slightly bolder.

“Thank you.” Anne replied simply. “And so have you.” She looked me up and down slowly and suggestively bringing a tingling sensation to the back of my neck. She then smiled. “I’m really glad we decided to meet up tonight or we might not have ever got together. You know how it is?” She reached out with her hand and placed it on my waist, stroking me gently. “Shall we sit down?”

The bar we were in was enormous. It had a large motel attached to it and so the seating was in the nature of big comfortable leather armchairs and small round glass topped tables. It was still early and there were not many people about. It was a perfect place to be anonymous in.

I made sure I sat opposite Anne and Alan knowing full well that they would both get a good look up my skirt, and with the see-through top I was wearing I may as well have been sitting there naked.

I was already feeling quite horny again and as I let my own eyes wander between Anne’s legs she opened them slightly to give me a better view up her own skirt. I could see the bulge of her pubic mound and followed the folds in her panties, tracing the outline where her labia and clitoris pressed against the thin material.

I must be honest and say that I have never looked up another woman’s skirt before and I was extremely turned-on by the fact that Anne knew I was doing it. I could feel myself beginning to get moist and I squirmed a bit in my seat as we studied each other’s sex.

Kevin and Alan wondered over to the bar to order some drinks, even though there were waiters dotted about here and there, and by the time they returned Anne and myself were chatting amiably about our past and present sex lives. The boys joined into the conversation quite naturally and we all soon realised that we had much in common.

They had such an easy-going way about them I felt very comfortable and soon admitted that I really wanted to take things further, in fact we all did. To my great disappointment though they were not available the following weekend, so we made a positive date to meet at their house the weekend after that.

In the course of our conversation I discovered that Anne herself was only a recent convert to bisexuality. In fact her story was very similar to mine. The only difference was that they were already into swinging when Anne came across a bisexual wife of one of their partners.

Anne admitted that she had not really thought about girls herself before that moment, as she also thought it was something only lesbians got up to.

“Once the seed is sown though, it’s hard to get it off of your mind.” She continued. “Her name was Pauline and she didn’t do much to me as I was shagging John her husband at the time, but what she did do felt wonderful.

After that I had to find out what it would be like to go the whole distance with another woman.” Anne sat forward in her seat and took a sip of her drink before continuing. 

“I spoke to Alan and he was all for it.” Anne laughed and raised her eyes to the ceiling. “As if he wouldn’t, men are so obvious sometimes. So we asked Pauline and John back, but this time I had Pauline all to myself. Oh God Sarah, it was fantastic!” Anne’s hand came to rest on my knee and I could see the excitement in her eyes as she thought about her own first experience.
