 "I've never had an orgasm."

It took a few seconds for those words to register in my brain. It was so random, so out of the blue and so very unexpected that I didn't quickly grasp the meaning. Looking over at Sarah, I lifted my head to fully look at her and asked, "What?"

A pretty, pink blush crept over her cheeks. She shrugged. "I've never had an orgasm."

"Never?"

"Nope."

I turned back to stare at the TV. We were laying on our stomachs on my bed and had been channel surfing since our movie ended a while ago. Focusing on the TV, I discovered that we seemed to be currently watching a couple making love on screen. They were cleverly draped and covered for TV viewing, but it was obvious what was going on. 

"So you and Scott have never done it, or what?"

"Oh, we've done it."

Frowning, I looked over at her again. She seemed to be studying the action on the screen. "You've done it with him but he's never made you cum?"

She simply shook her head. 

Pillowing my head in my arms, I considered my friend. We'd met a few years ago while playing on the high school volleyball team. Sarah went to church every Sunday, always wore her skirts or shorts just barely above her knee with modest blouses. I was quite the opposite. I'd been to church with friends, with Sarah even, but it wasn't my thing. 

I'd also been sexually active way earlier than I should have been. My single mother, being quite the liberal, made sure I was protected and sent me out into the world. I wasn't a slut by any means, but I certainly seemed to have much more education than sheltered Sarah. In my discoveries of sex, I found that enjoyed it no matter who I was with, male or female. 

Sarah had been dating Scott since he asked her to our Senior Prom. He was, to my knowledge, her first and only boyfriend. It was now the summer after we'd graduated from high school and Sarah was enrolled in the community college waiting for classes to start this fall. In order to spend our last summer together, I got a job at local t-shirt screen printing place until I went into the Air Force in a few months. 

I had to admit it to myself, which I tried not to do too often, that I had delayed my leaving until after Sarah was in college so that we could spend our last summer together. Secretly, I had been harboring a major crush on my best friend for years. Sarah was everything perfect to me. Pretty without being beautiful and small in size but with an ass that would stop traffic. I think the thing that made her the most attractive to me was that she had no idea how hot she was. 

Shoulder length, light brown hair, green eyes, and a smattering of freckles across her pert nose, added together with small breasts and that round ass, had through the years been the fantasy for many a masturbation session for me. Sarah had no idea. I could only assume it was her church upbringing that caused it because everyone else seemed to see it. I'd taken quite a bit of ragging by our fellow volleyball teammates over my friendship with her. I didn't care, I was fiercely protective of her and our friendship. If I couldn't have her love, then I'd take what I could get.

I'd never really liked Scott. But then, I wouldn't have liked anyone Sarah had dated other than me. So, I'd accepted that I was biased and she was clueless and that was the way life was to be. As I lay there next to her, feeling all warm and content in her company, I found that I was secretly happy that Scott hadn't been able to do it for her.

But then I had a thought. My head popped up again and I stared at her hard. "Did he hurt you? Was he rough?"

Sarah shook her head, her soft hair brushing over her shoulders. "No, not at all. He tried. Really hard to make me cum. I think I'm broken. Missing parts or something."

I blinked. "What?" Now I was confused. Missing parts? What the hell?

She shrugged and her embarrassment was evident. She buried her face in her arms and mumbled something I wasn't sure I heard correctly.

"Did you just say that you don't have a clit?"

Keeping her face buried, she nodded.

I discovered quite shamefully that the mental image I got of her fingering herself, looking for her missing clit, caused my own pussy to tingle warmly. I had to be careful here. She was embarrassed enough that I feared if she learned my feelings for her, this would end badly. So I had to be, or at least pretend to be, just a friend trying to help out another friend. 

"Um. Okay. Well, obviously you should know for sure, but I've never heard of a girl not having a clit. Maybe you just, um... weren't, you know, excited enough. Cuz for some you gotta be, you know."

Sarah kept her head down but nodded again. "Neither of us could find it."

Oh boy did those words do funny things to my stomach. I felt myself getting wet, my nipples puckered up tight. Taking a calming breath, I tried to keep my voice steady and soft. "But you've masturbated, right?"

"Tried." Came the muffled reply.

I found myself feeling all sorts of things. Here was a girl that I'd crushed on for years, dreamed of, soaked many a pair of panties over, and spent even more nights with my fingers deep in my sopping wet pussy pretending they were her fingers instead of mine, telling me that she'd never experienced an orgasm. My body flushed with heat, but my heart was achingly sad that she was going through this. Add in my total and crippling fear that I would say or do the wrong thing and thus end our friendship that meant so much to me, and I was currently a mass of confusion myself.

Swallowing down the sudden lump in my throat I whispered, "Are you telling me this because we're friends and you trust me, or are you telling me this hoping that I can help you?"

Finally, she turned to look at me. I could see she was on the brink of tears but was holding them back. "I don't know."

While I desperately wanted to pull her into my arms, I made sure not to touch her at all. This had to be her decision as to what happened. "Well, I'm pretty sure you have a clit."

A tear welled up in her pretty green eyes making them glossy. She slowly shook her head. "No."

"Sarah..." I stopped. Sighing, I was just so unsure of how to handle this.

"I should shut up. I'm embarrassing you." She hid her face from me again.

"No, no you're not." I decided to take a chance. "I'd like to help."

"Really?" She looked up again, her eyes alight, but then I watched that light dim again. "But how? I'm just a dork that can't find my own clit."

"You are not a dork. You've lived your life a certain way and sex is most likely not discussed at all at home, right?" 

Sarah gave a short laugh before flopping over onto her back. "Good grief, no." This sudden movement left her normally modest, button-up blouse slightly askew and gave me the barest glimpse of the swell of her breast. The tingle in my pussy was much harder this time.

A sweet shiver went through me. Hoping like hell that our friendship was solid, I decided I had to offer and just added to my hope that I'd be able to control myself and not scare her. "Look, I know this is weird. But you're my best friend, and I hate that you're going through this. If you want me to, I can help. But it's up to you and its okay if it's too weird for you. We'll just let this go and forget it."

"Help me how?" Sarah frowned, turning her head to look at me.

Well, it was now or never. "You know I've been with guys. We've talked about that." Sarah nodded, her frown still in place. Licking my lips and taking a deep breath, I took the plunge, "I've also been with girls."

Sarah continued to frown but rolled onto her side to face me. The gap in her blouse now giving me a tiny peek of white lace bra. "Been with them how? What do you mean?" 

Closing my eyes for a moment, I hoped I wasn't damning my soul to hell when I cursed her religious upbringing. "Been with girls in girl on girl sex. I'm bisexual."

Sarah blinked. Her eyes going huge. "How did I not know this?"

I couldn't stop the smile. She didn't seem spooked, she seemed shocked but in an interested way, or so I hoped I was reading her face right. "One word. Church. I'm sure it just didn't occur to you."

She blinked some more and then opened her mouth to say something but then closed it again. I watched her face and the myriad of expressions that flitted across it. Sarah was so open, so honest, it was amazing to be able to actually see her thinking about what I'd said.

She sat up on the bed, taking away my itty bitty peep show. But she swung her legs up and sat cross legged, which really allowed my imagination room to play as I tried not to stare at her crotch. I slowly sat up myself, keeping my legs together and managing to give myself a slight squeeze and felt more pussy juice squish out.

Sarah studied me. I could feel her gaze and it was not completely pleasant, sort of making me feel itchy. She took in my short brown hair, I kept it nearly as short as my brother's, the blue eyes, and in my opinion, somewhat plain face. As her eyes dropped to my chest, I knew my nipples hardened but there was nothing I could do about that. I was much more generous of breast than her, having a full C cup. I worked out a lot, ran a couple miles almost every morning, so I was trim and in shape. 

"Which do you prefer?"

Her question was so abrupt, so fast, I again had to let the words roll around in my head a bit before I understood them. So then I gave it some thought. Something I really hadn't done before. Girls' bodies were so soft, so gentle and they always smelled so good. Boys or men, they were rougher and didn't always smell very good, but they had a cock and that cock did feel pretty damn good most times. 

Finally I just shrugged. "I don't know. Like them both for different reasons."

"But how do girls... I mean, what do you do... no. I mean... "She blew out a puff of air. "I don't get it."

The laugh was unable to be contained. It rolled out of me, releasing some of the tension. "Girls have fingers, they have mouths, they have boobs; it just works." 

Once again Sarah opened her mouth to say something but closed it again. She pulled her legs up, wrapping her arms around her knees and dropped her chin on top. Suddenly she looked very sad. "I can't." she said, her voice quiet and small.

Confused, I asked, "Can't what?"

"I can't do it with a girl. You know, the whole church thing."

I was completely stunned that my oh-so-conservative friend had just even had the thought in her head. Refusing to let my hope grow, I ruthlessly shoved it back down. Nodding, I added, "Did anyone say you had to do it with a girl?"

"No. But, now I want to." She pouted and it was the most adorable thing I'd ever seen. It also filled me with the hope I'd just attempted to stomp on. My insides were slowly turning to jelly as I worked to keep the luscious, juicy thoughts at bay.

"Hmm. That's up to you." I had to tamp down these feelings raging through me so that she didn't feel any pressure. "We've been friends a long time and hopefully we'll stay friends even after I leave for the Air Force. I'm going to put the offer on the table, because we are such good friends and leave it at that. I'm not forcing you to do anything you don't want to do or feel uncomfortable doing."

Sarah shook her head and she seemed almost angry. "No. Too late."

Fear shot through me. Had I just screwed up? Was I going to lose her for good? "What's too late?" I managed to whisper. 

"You've put it in my head! Now I'm all curious and I can't make it stop. But I don't want to make you do something you don't want to do. You've obviously not told me about this for some reason but now I want to know all about it. This is your fault." Her eyes were snapping at me but there was a hint of smile around her mouth.

"I actually didn't mean to hide it from you." Shrugging, I added, "You just never picked up on it I guess."

"Does everyone else know?" Her voice was a combination of horror and curiosity.

I only nodded. 

"The team?"

I nodded again. "Why do you think Amber and Heather always changed clothes in the bathroom instead of the locker room?"

Sarah's eyes went huge and her mouth dropped open. "I heard them talking about a lesbian on the team! I thought they were being paranoid. It was you they were talking about?"

I nodded once more. "They thought I would jump them if I saw them naked."

"Well, that's just stupid. Who'd be interested in Amber's flat butt?" Sarah seemed to realize what she'd just said and blushed again. Clapping a hand to her forehead, she rolled her eyes at herself and smirked.

I couldn't help but laugh. She was right, though. Amber had a totally flat ass that was completely unattractive to males or females and Heather was just too... Heather. The stigma of gays was everywhere, though. Since every straight man would clearly bang anything with a vagina, it must be the same concept for people attracted to the same sex, right?. People were such idiots sometimes, but that was our small town for you.

Sarah pursed her lips and looked at me for a moment. God I wanted to kiss her. "Hand me your phone."

I was still staring at her mouth. "What?"

"Hand me your phone. I'm calling my parents to let them know I'm staying here tonight."

My eyes shot to hers. She was smiling, she was relaxed and she had dropped her legs back down, no longer sitting in her defensive position. Without saying a word, without allowing myself to think, I reached for my phone and handed it to her. She made the call quickly, glossing over her lack of a change of clothing, giving whoever was on the other end all the things they needed to hear. 

She finished the call and handed me back the phone. Leaning in closer to me, she issued her challenge. "Prove to me I have a clit."

Oh god. Here it was, the moment I had dreamed of but never even considered would come true. My mind raced in a hundred different directions at once. Stalling, I put the phone back on the bedside table, I felt the bed move and when I turned back, I found Sarah standing beside the bed, her shorts dropping to the floor. She stood there, still wearing her shirt, bra and panties and was the most beautiful thing I'd ever seen. 

Standing up myself, I pointed back to the bed. "Sit." While she moved to sit back down, I went in the bathroom and took down my full length mirror. Bringing it into the bedroom, I propped it against the wall beside the bed, where it was closer. This side of the bed had only a couple of feet between it and the wall. Striving for a casualness I didn't really feel, I said, "Panties off. Can't see what you're doing with them on."

Sarah blushed brighter pink than ever. "Oh uh... well. You see, Scott likes... umm..." She let out a huff of breath at my confused look. "I'm shaved," she blurted. 

My knees nearly gave out and my pussy fairly screamed in joy. This was going to be more of a challenge that I had imagined. "Okay. Should make things easier for you cuz you can see better." I knew my voice was shaky but there was nothing to do about that. Walking around behind her, trying to give us both a moment of semi-privacy, I shucked off my own jeans. 

Turning back, Sarah was seated on the bed in front of the mirror, her knees tightly together. I crawled up behind her, spreading my legs wide to straddle her body. Tucking up behind her, I gently laid my hands on her thighs. "You do realize I'm going to touch you right?"

Sarah nodded. Her eyes meeting mine in the mirror. There was a little fear, but I could also see the curiosity and, I hoped I was right in thinking, a bit of interest and arousal. I gently and slowly caressed her thighs, not going near her crotch area. She eventually relaxed and let her knees fall open. 

Here it was. I was about to gaze on something I'd dreamed of, lusted for, and never once thought to actually see. My hands shook, my breathing quickened and I ordered myself to stay slow and not scare her. Steadying myself, I so very gently pulled her legs further apart. "Anytime you want to stop you say so, okay?" I whispered in her ear.

She nodded and placing her hands over mine, opened her legs wide. 

I stared hard into the mirror wanting to memorize everything. She was so perfect. Clean shaven, she was bare and pink and oh so beautiful. She wasn't really wet, but that was okay. Her blouse drifted down and I knew that wasn't going to work. This was my chance, this was my night, and no blouse was getting in my way. 

Making sure she was watching what I was doing, I started to unbutton her blouse from the bottom up. As more pale flesh was exposed, her soft, flat tummy, up higher and higher, my fingers fumbled at the site. She reached up and finished the buttons and I pulled the blouse back, over her shoulders and dropped it to the side. 

Her breasts were so small, so perfect. I couldn't see her nipples though the bra and felt a moment's disappointment. Hoping that would come later, I moved my hands back to her thighs. She stopped me, placing her hands on my thighs and gently squeezing. 

"Nope. If my shirt goes so does yours." Her voice was soft, unsure, shaky even.

I quickly nodded. Anything she wanted, I was willing to give. In seconds I had my t-shirt over my head and tossed somewhere behind me. Since I was behind her, she couldn't really see me, but I could certainly feel her. Silky smooth, warm skin rubbed lightly against mine and I began to worry if I was going to be so wet that I'd leave a spot on my bed. 

"Ready?" I asked.

Sarah nodded. 

Sliding my hands over her legs, I closed in on that warm pink juncture. Keeping my touch gentle, I spread her plump outer lips. "Okay. Obviously, this is your vagina. If you and Scott have been together then you know that's where he went in." I pointed down low at the dark opening there, my fingers itching to explore.

She gave a nervous laugh and said, "Yeah."

"Your clit is up here," I moved to point at the upper area. I could see in the mirror that there was no obvious little bump. Hers did like to hide it seemed. "In order for me to help you find it, I have to touch. You have to be aroused. Wet." Since we were both staring intently at the mirror, we both watched in total amazement as a clear drop of fluid appeared at the opening of her vagina.

"Mmhmm. Think I got that." Sarah whispered.

Without thinking, I swiped my finger down into that little drop and slid it up over her pussy. The slick wetness let my finger slide through her easily. God she was so soft, so pink, so warm. The little inner lips almost fluttered open at my touch. 

I felt her jerky gasp and with my legs up against hers, I felt them relax. I began a slow stroking of her pussy from vagina to tip top, spreading her juices, slicking her up. Her head fell back a little, but she kept her eyes on the mirror. Once I had her good and wet, I began making little circles around the top of her hood. 

Sarah gave a soft moan. I closed my eyes and tucked my face into her shoulder, breathing in her scent. She always smelled lightly of strawberry shampoo but now was the added musky female scent I loved more. She was so perfect, so warm and soft, my fingers covered in her slick juice. I was in heaven. 

Under my fingers, I felt the little nub starting to swell. Looking into the mirror, I smiled, as there it was. "Look," I whispered. My fingers rubbed against that tiny spot, making it bigger. Sarah's body began to quiver in my arms. 

"That? Is that it?" She asked, her own fingers coming to touch. 

I moved my hand back, spreading her wide and watched as she touched herself. It was so beautiful, so intimate. Unable to stop myself, I rubbed my aching breasts against her back. She gave another soft moan as she played with her newly discovered clit, finding out for herself what made her feel good. 
