 I'm afraid that this story has got rather a long build-up before it gets to the 'action', but I hope you bear with me. I have written the story as I remembered it and I think that in this case, setting the scene is vital to explain how and why the circumstances conspired to lead me into such a delightful situation.

I still have the fondest memories of Jade, and yes she has been in touch since we got home, so perhaps this story will continue!

Sarah xxx

* * * * *

To set the scene, we were staying in one of two villas that were situated on a hill among olive groves and exotic wild flowers with a beautiful vista overlooking the sea; we shared a swimming pool with the villa next door and a private beach could be found down a few rickety steps.

The small town of Gaios was about a twenty-minute walk down a long winding road and the only sign of life we ever saw was the occasional passing boat or an odd inquisitive goat.

On the first morning of our stay Kevin, my husband, went off to explore the town while I settled down to sunbathe lazily around the pool.

I guess I had been there for about half an hour when I saw a woman approaching wearing nothing but a tiny blue bikini thong. I was instantly struck by her presence, even from a distance I could see what a lovely figure she had and she moved extremely gracefully as she saw me and glided over to say hello.


She introduced herself as Jade and explained that she was my neighbour as she was staying in the only other villa, she set herself up on a sun bed next to mine and we spent the rest of the morning chatting in general and getting to know each other.


She told me that she was from Glasgow originally where she had trained to become a nurse. That surprised me as I had already decided that by the way she looked and moved that she must have been a fashion or glamour model of some kind. She seemed too perfect to be a mere mortal like myself.

She was quite tall, about 5' 8" with soft shoulder length brown hair, she had the most engaging deep green eyes and long dark eyelashes, with high cheek bones, a small slightly upturned nose and full ripe lips.

Her body was as close to perfection as you could get. She had superb muscle tone, a trim flat stomach, natural breasts that were quite large but held themselves upright and proud, and long beautifully sculptured legs.

She wore no make-up, she didn't need any and she had a glorious bronze tan with no white markings except where her small thong had been sitting.

Her movements were all unhurried and elegant somehow and her smile was highly contagious.

The whole package was finished off with a very soft and endearing Scottish accent.


Jade told me that Paul, her partner, was a consultant neurosurgeon. He was in the process of finishing a medical paper and had to spend three weeks in Corfu hospital, so she had decided to enjoy a secluded holiday here in Paxos.


Just after mid-day Kevin appeared with a very welcome bottle of Martini and the three of us sat chatting throughout the rest of the afternoon.


Jade was so alluring that I cannot honestly say that erotic thoughts of getting her into bed did not cross my mind, but in truth I had no real intention of making a move on her. From her general conversation she seemed to be a happy normal heterosexual woman.


Jade refused to come with us when we went out that first evening as she did not want to 'get in the way' but after the second day we persuaded her to join us for the night at a cocktail bar in the town.
As funny as it sounds I had not until that evening seen Jade with any clothes on! Just a small thong and an occasional bikini top or sarong when we had lunch on our veranda, and I was certainly not prepared for how stunning she looked now that she was dressed in her eveningwear.


She wore a black chiffon halter-neck toga dress that shimmered as she moved. It was cut very low at the back and then sweeping up from the sides it lightly brushed over her firm breasts as it continued on to tie at the nape of her slender neck. The long loose 'V' neckline it created at the front ran almost down to her navel and the short flowing skirt hugged the contours of her upper thigh making her legs look even longer.

On her feet she wore pretty wedged sandals also in black that laced their way up around her tanned calves and she carried a tiny velvet purse.
Jade's soft hair was cut to fall in natural layers with a short fringe swept to one side. Her make-up was light but effective, highlighting her large Green eyes. Her lips were glossed with a natural colour and her finger and toenails were painted a delicate shade of peach. Her only concession to Jewry was two small black pendant earrings and the gold ankle chain that she always wore on her left leg.


From our villa the first part of the road down to Gaios was fairly steep so Jade and myself held hands to help steady each other on the steep path, but as the road evened out she made no attempt to dislodge my hand and we chatted hand in hand like two schoolgirls all the way into town.
After a lovely meal in a restaurant overlooking the harbour we spent the rest of the night in the cocktail bar where we all got rather merry.

I noticed how tactile Jade was with me then. The music was loud but not overly so, and Jade would often put her arm around my waist or neck when she spoke in my ear.
It was probably the alcohol working its way into my system that started me off, but I returned this act by flirting with her, very innocently but decisively.

I would let my hand rest on her leg in exclamation of something she had said or brush a stray hair from her face, I allowed my eyes to linger on hers just a moment longer than perhaps I am supposed to.

I was as tactile and silently suggestive as I could be without being too obvious but hopefully just enough to let her know that I was enjoying her company. Very much!

For all I knew Jade acted the same way with everyone and I did not want to mess up a newfound friend over my wayward hormones, so I managed to keep myself under control and not go to far. If I was reading Jade wrong I could have seriously offended her and I had no intention of doing so.
Kevin was as self sufficient as ever and chatting to various people in the bar, while still flirting outrageously with the two of us from time to time.

We had a great night and laughed all the way back to our villa, (Jade and myself hand in hand once again).


When we eventually got back Kevin poured yet more drinks and we sat around talking for a while, we were all getting quite drunk when Kevin knowing me as he does, bade us both goodnight and took himself off to bed.
To my disappointment Jade said that she should really be getting off to bed as well, so I insisted on walking her the fifty metres or so across to her villa on the pretence that I was not as drunk as she was and she would probably get lost in the dark.


We got to her veranda and Jade fumbled around in her small purse in the dark trying to find the key. 
I was standing very close to her with my hand on the small of her back to steady her when she triumphantly produced the key, she turned towards me and thanked me for a wonderful time, then wishing me goodnight she motioned forward to give me a peck on the cheek. 


I don't know what got into me but I turned to face her as she did so meeting her lips with mine, my hand went to the nape of her neck and I gently held her against my mouth as my lips parted and my tongue tasted her lipstick. She did not pull away, instead her mouth opened allowing my tongue to probe deeper until entwining with hers.

My hand on her lower back pulled her tightly into my body as her arms embraced me, one hand stroking my hair, the other squeezing us even tighter together. 
That delightful first kiss felt like it went on for ages although in reality it was a brief moment as Jade gently disengaged herself from my mouth. She was still holding me when she looked into my eyes and said that she really must get some sleep. 
I had gone much further than I expected already and I knew I should not push my luck, so I stroked her face, kissed her gently once and wished her goodnight.


Wow! Sometimes I don't know how I manage to get myself into these situations. I was happy to have a normal holiday with my husband, and when I met Jade I thought how nice it would be to have another girl to talk to around the pool. 
Now I found myself lusting after the neighbour who would probably wake up in the morning horrified at what I had done and not speak to me for the other twelve days of my stay. Not a happy prospect!

Although on the other hand she did not run off screaming… But why did she not invite me in?
I explained what had happened to Kevin when I got back to my villa and he told me not to worry. He said that if she avoided me in the morning that I should just find her and apologise, blaming it on too much drink and the ambiance of this tiny paradise we have found ourselves in.


The next day dawned. Kevin had decided to go off to another beach to try out some water sports, (as you can tell I married the restless type) . So I got up and wandered down to the pool area.

I hoped once again that I had not upset Jade the night before but either way I decided that I was on holiday and should relax and enjoy myself regardless. 
I had just set myself up on my favourite sun bed when I saw her approach, looking as gorgeous as ever. Jade sauntered over and smiled a good morning as she set herself up next to me as though nothing had happened.

We spent another morning happily chatting about nothing in particular and sunbathing until the heat finally forced us into the pool.


It was while we were in the water that she broached the subject of the previous evening. I was relaxing by the edge of the pool with my eyes closed when Jade swam slowly over to me. She placed a hand on my stomach and said. 

"Sarah, about last night." 

My eyes shot open as she caught me by surprise. I tried to stammer out an apology blaming too much alcohol but she stopped me placing a finger over my lips.

"Please, it's alright," she said. "I just think we should talk about it."


She smiled at me and I calmed down slightly. I gestured towards the sun beds and suggested a Martini.
I started by apologising again but this time did not blame the drink, I told her honestly that I found her incredibly attractive and that last night I just couldn't help myself. 
Jade was obviously very curious and asked if I have been with other women before, did Kevin know about it and if so, what did he think to it all?


I spent the next two hours explaining my viewpoint and my feelings towards sex. I owned-up to being bisexual and told her how much I enjoyed sex with both men and women.

Jade was fascinated by all this and often interjected with questions of her own. She did not seem disapproving or in the slightest put off by my revelations. 
I don't know if it was the fact that we were totally alone in the heat of the most surreal and beautiful of surroundings, or that she was naturally open minded but she seemed to physically relax as my story unfolded.

When I was done she began to open up to me and reveal her own thoughts.


Jade began by explaining that she had lain awake for about two hours after I had kissed her the previous evening thinking about what had transpired.

She went on to say that she had never done anything like that before and was a bit taken aback by how rapidly things got out of control.

She took a deep breath and closing her eyes she said.

"Last night it all happened so fast and seemed so natural that I acted on impulse."

She looked up at me with her huge green eyes and gave me a shy smile. "I must admit though Sarah, I am genuinely intrigued by you! You stirred something inside of me last night. My whole body was tingling when you left me at the door and I felt very confused!" 

Becoming bolder she plunged on. "Look Sarah, I do think you are very beautiful," then lowering her voice she looked down at her hands and added, "and very sexy."

She paused as she raised her eyes to meet mine in a gesture of defiance. "In fact while I was lying alone in bed last night I half wished I had not stopped you!"

I could see the confusion in her eyes as she held my gaze and I knew that if I rushed things now I might well scare her off completely.

I reached out and took her hands in both of mine.

"Jade, please. You really don't have to worry about it. I am not some sex mad crazy woman trying to snare you with my wicked ways." (Actually I was!). "I don't regret what happened last night, but I do regret upsetting you if I have."

I squeezed her hands to reassure her. "We are both here for another twelve days yet, so let's just forget that anything happened and I promise to behave myself from now on."

Her eyes were almost pleading with me to say more and she squeezed my hands unconsciously.

I knew that if I left it there Jade might never pluck up the courage to mention it again so I threw her a lifeline by adding.

"If you change your mind though I am not going anywhere and I would be lying if I told you that I did want you, because I do, very much! But I will never mention it again unless you decide for yourself it is something you want to do! Above all else I want to stay good friends with you."

With that we walked back up to my villa to make a light lunch, as we knew Kevin would be back from his excursions soon.


Jade was fairly quiet for the rest of the afternoon, I guess she was mulling the idea over in her mind and exploring the possibilities of what it would be like to take the next step. I could feel her eyes on my body as we lay by the pool and having once been in her situation myself, I had a good idea of what a dilemma she was going through.


She came out with us again that evening and while Jade was getting ready I told Kevin what had transpired earlier in the day. He seemed to think it was all rather amusing, but he agreed that I was right to 'go with the flow' and let Jade decide weather or not to pursue it any further.


As usual I take forever to get ready and by the time I had finished my hair and make-up and decided what to wear Kevin was nowhere to be seen. I guessed correctly that he had gone over to see Jade and dreaded what he might be saying to her, but there was nothing I could do about that now so I settled down with a drink on the veranda and watched the sun slowly setting into the sea.


It was about three quarters of an hour later when Kevin returned and he sat down nonchalantly.

I asked him what on earth he had been up to and he smiled and said that he had just been for a chat.

I was not very happy with him as I did not want to alienate Jade, but he smiled and said that everything was fine.

"I just wanted Jade to know that we are not weirdo's," He said smiling.


Jade appeared shortly after that looking every bit as stunning as she had the night before. She wore no more than a bra top covered in mother-of pearl sequins, accentuating her voluptuous breasts, a white mini skirt that sat very low on her hips and a pair of low white sandals. In her hand she carried a pretty white handbag in matching sequins and a light wrap to cover her shoulders if she needed it later.
The whiteness of her outfit highlighted her tan and superb muscle tone even more, and the combination of her perfect breasts, firm flat stomach and shapely legs made the overall effect breathtaking!


To my surprise Jade held my hand the whole time again as we descended the hill towards Gaios. Kevin kept up a steady banter to avoid any embarrassing silences and before long we were on the edge of town. 


Kevin loved the admiring glances 'his two girls' were getting as we wandered past the waterfront bars, (and so did I) and he led us to a delightful restaurant near the yacht marina.
Jade showed no sign of any uneasiness, in fact she chatted animatedly the whole time in her soft Scottish lilt.

The meal over, we had a couple of drinks in the cocktail bar and then went on to a small but busy nightclub.

Kevin quickly disappeared to talk to some people he had met earlier that day leaving Jade and me alone. 


As he left Jade said that she thought he was really sweet and I replied saying that I hoped he did not say anything inappropriate when he spoke to her earlier.

She smiled and said that quite the contrary he was lovely and had put her mind at ease.
I began to relax at last. Jade acted just as tactile and spoke as freely as she had the night before and I guessed that she had dispelled any 'ghosts' she may have had regarding my recent advances.


We danced for much of the time and were 'hit-on' by many guys.

We had quite a laugh fending them off and I was quietly pleased at one time, when Jade told two of our more persistent admirers that we were lesbians and wrapped her arms around me to prove her point.
All evening Jade had been fun to be with and I suspected that she had decided one way or the other what to do about me.

The signs were hopeful judging by the way she dressed and how she was acting, but I was determined not to make any move until she gave me a clear, unequivocal sign.
Kevin rejoined us, and the night drew on until we eventually made a move for home.

Jade invited us back to her veranda for a nightcap but Kevin refused saying he was tired and needed to get to bed as he was up and about early again the next morning.

I was about to go with him but Jade insisted that I at least, join her.


You can imagine the conflicting thoughts that were going through my head!

Was she inviting me back for just a drink or had she decided to try something more! Was this a test to see if I could behave normally or did she want me to try again! Right then and there I wanted nothing more than to peel off the few clothes she had on and run my hands over her incredible body, but I knew had to control myself and work to her agenda.


Jade had left her light off and it was dark again when we got to her door but this time she had her key ready. She unlocked the door but then straightened up and turned towards me without opening it.

In her quiet voice in the darkness she hesitantly said.

"Sarah, about last night." I remained silent, waiting. I could feel the nervous tension coming off her in waves.

"Would you do it to me again?"


This was what I was waiting to hear!

My hand reached out and gently touched the side of her face, and then without a word I pulled her towards me. I brushed her lips with mine and could smell Jade's musky scent as I slipped my tongue into her soft and now yielding mouth.

She returned my kiss but unlike the impulsiveness we shared the night before she seemed unsure of how to react.

I forced my mouth against hers kissing her with renewed passion as I crushed her body against mine, our breasts were pressed together and my nipples reacted sending waves of pleasure to my groin. I eased the pressure on her mouth and our tongues danced delicately as we sucked at each other hungrily.

I could feel her body shaking as my thigh pressed into her pubic mound and I began rubbing my leg into her crotch. Her legs nearly gave way and she held on to me in a vice like grip as she lost control for a moment.

A low moan escaped from her mouth into mine and knew she had just had a small orgasm!

God I had hardly touched her! Jade had obviously got herself so worked up that she was ready to explode!
I eased myself off of her and asked her if she was okay.

"I think so... You are... beautiful!" She panted.

I kissed her again softly, and then forced her to sit down while I went to get some drinks.


 I did not want to stop! I wanted to take this wonderful creature straight to bed and ravish her, but knowing it was her first time I wanted to be sure that she was really ready for this, that she knew what she was getting into. 
