 Adele's Trick or Treat Surprise

Author's Note: This story is the collaborative effort of two cyber-friends. It is our first attempt at co-writing, and feedback is appreciated. The events depicted are wholly fictional, and all characters are 18 or older.

It was a fairly typical Halloween night for you this year...at least for a while. Every minute or so, the doorbell would ring and you would open it to a group of kids who screamed in unison, "Trick or Treat!" The costumes were the usual ghost and monster costumes, though pirates seemed particularly popular this year.

About halfway through the time you expected Trick-or-Treaters to come calling, you answered what seemed like the 100th doorbell ring. When you opened the front door, you saw a group of older girls standing on your front porch, laughing and loudly crying out, "Trick or Treat!" These girls were obviously high school-age and you thought they were a bit old to be doing this. Then you recalled reading an article in the paper about a group from the local high school who were going to be collecting candy for children in the hospital or who were otherwise too sick to Trick-or-Treat on their own. These giggling older girls had to be from the group mentioned in the article.

You told the girls how wonderful they were for bringing some cheer to the unfortunate children who couldn't go Trick-or-Treating. You found their costumes interesting. They were dressed in the uniforms of their particular school team or activity. Two of the girls wore band uniforms, one very cute blonde was dressed in a cheerleader outfit, another girl was dressed in a field hockey uniform complete with a stick, and one wore a soccer uniform.

You recognized the soccer girl as a neighbor who lived down the block from you. All of the girls were quite talkative and animated except soccer girl. You suddenly realized that she seemed to be staring intently at you. As you dropped a candy bar into each girl's bag, they all responded with a "Thank You." All except soccer girl. She continued to look closely at you, and she closed her bag without saying a word. You recognized that look and suddenly began to feel flustered. You were relieved when the girls hurried off to the next house as soon as they thanked you.

After you closed the front door, you leaned back against it and stood there for a minute, trying to regain your bearings. A tingling surge of warmth shuddered over you, settling in your lower tummy. You silently scolded yourself for the thoughts you were having. After all, these were high school girls. Then you remembered seeing a sign and cluster of bright Mylar balloons in front of soccer girl's house about a month ago announcing her 18th birthday party. You breathed a sigh of relief as you shakily laughed out loud and said, "Well, at least she's 18."

Still, you chided yourself, you shouldn't be thinking these thoughts. You'd always been very attracted to younger women, but my God, this was pushing the envelope!

As you began to regain control of your emotions, you decided that a little wine might help you calm your nerves. You poured a glass of merlot and tried to relax. The feelings humming through you were almost alien. You hadn't been involved with anyone since the disastrous affair with a co-worker over a year ago. That episode left you shaken and almost ready to take a vow of celibacy. 

The remainder of the Trick-or-Treat period passed uneventfully. You were relieved when 7:30 arrived and you could turn off your front porch light. You noticed that you only had six candy bars left as you hit the light switch and returned to the living room. You wanted to curl up on the couch and watch a little TV before you turned in for the night.

You were surprised when the doorbell rang again half an hour later, just as you were relaxing. You were a little annoyed that some kids were still out Trick-or-Treating when it was obviously past the witching hour. You decided that you would just tell the kids you were out of candy and be done with it. You turned on the porch light and opened the door.

You began to say, "Sorry, but I've run out of..." You couldn't finish, because you were shocked to see soccer girl standing there with just the hint of a sly smile on her face. Your breath momentarily caught in your throat before you managed to stammer, "Oh, hello."

Soccer girl said, "Hi. I wanted to come back to thank you personally." She looked at you with eyes so intent they seemed to look right into your soul. Your entire body began to tingle as you stood there, and your tummy did a somersault. You began to notice more of soccer girl's features. She was really quite attractive. She had her long brown hair pulled back in a ponytail. Her face was sweet and innocent, almost child-like, and she had the lithe body of an athlete.

You were so surprised by soccer-girl's return visit that you weren't sure how long you just stood there looking at her. It could have been 5 minutes, or only 15 seconds. It wasn't like you to get flustered so easily. You'd experienced moments of unexpected sexual arousal before, and you'd handled them comfortably and with confidence. But this was different...and very erotic.

Soccer girl broke the awkward moment by taking control of the situation; she simply stepped inside, and closed the door. She let her bag of candy fall to the floor, then leaned over and untied and removed her cleats. Oddly, your first thought was relief that she wasn't going to mar your flooring or snag your carpet. However, that thought quickly vanished and you began to marvel at how bold she was, how much confidence she seemed to possess for a girl of 18. Your heart sped up and you were sure it was loud enough for her to hear. You were trying to think of something to say.

'Say something Adele,' you thought, 'say anything.'

Once again, soccer girl took control of this tense situation, though hardly in a way that you expected. Then again, you were already at the point where you didn't know what to expect. Soccer girl looked down the short hallway just off the front entryway.

Then she looked back at you and asked, "Is that the way to your bedroom?"

You looked at her and slowly nodded. You felt hypnotized and powerless. You already sensed what was happening here, even though it was truly unbelievable. You felt powerless to resist, even though you felt a strong sense of guilt that any of this should even be happening.

You had no time to dwell on any feelings of guilt. Soccer girl placed her hand on the small of your back and gently pushed you toward your bedroom. Your legs began moving without any conscious thought. Soccer girl's hand never left its place on your back as she gently but firmly moved you into your bedroom. The small lamp on your nightstand provided just enough light to see. You continued moving until you were standing by the side of your bed. You tried to concentrate on your breathing so you wouldn't faint from your anxiety. You tried to will your heart to slow down a bit, but it didn't work. 'No,' you thought, 'this isn't just anxiety you're feeling. It's arousal...sheer unadulterated arousal.'

You turned slightly towards soccer girl. Those incredible eyes of hers still burned right into you. You couldn't remember the last time that you saw such naked lust in the eyes of another woman. 

Soccer girl, still wearing the same little smile, reached up to touch your cheek and said, "Adele, right?"

You still couldn't speak, so you just slowly nodded your head.

Soccer girl said, "I'm Jennifer. Most of my friends call me Jen."

Once again, you could only slowly nod your head. You seemed to have lost the ability to communicate, but Jen didn't seem bothered. She again reached her hand toward your face and ran her fingers through a few strands of your hair. 

"You're such a pretty woman," she said softly. Again, your breath caught in your throat and a shiver ran from the top of your head down to your toes.

Jen slowly moved closer to your side. Her body was now touching the side of your body. Jen was an inch-or-two taller than you were, but it seemed as though your bodies would fit together very well, like pieces of a jigsaw puzzle. She reached up to move your hair back, and then she began softly kissing your neck. You were holding your breath again, and now you let it come out in a rush as you arched your neck. Jen continued kissing your neck and you felt her tongue trail across your tender skin. She flicked at your earlobe with her tongue, and then traced it around your ear, making you shiver. How could she know this was one of your weaknesses?

By this time, you were past simple arousal; you were turned on beyond your wildest imagination. 

"Such a pretty woman," Jen whispered into your ear.

Jen began to gently caress your back, and then slid her hand lower and slowly brushed across your ass. She touched and held the side of your face with her other hand as she continued to rain soft kisses on your neck. She began to move her hand slowly down to your chest, and she gently caressed and squeezed each of your breasts through the fabric of your sweater. You prayed that you wouldn't faint from the sheer excitement coursing through you.

Jen lifted her head from your neck as her hand traveled down to the hem of your skirt and slowly raised it. A peculiar thought slipped through your mind. You'd made an oddly fortuitous decision to wear a skirt to work today, in spite of the cool weather, and then you'd removed your pantyhose as soon as you got home from work.

Jen moved her hand under your skirt and began a slow, tantalizing journey to your panties. You could feel how damp they were; you knew that Jen was about to find out how turned on you really were.

Jen's hand slowly traced a path across your thighs toward the treasure between your legs. When she reached her goal, she gently rubbed your pussy through your panties, and you let out a shuddering moan. She began to work your panties slowly down your thighs. It seemed as though Jen deliberately did everything in a tantalizingly slow way. At last, she slid your panties down and they fell into a pool around your ankles. You automatically stepped out of them.

Jen straightened and again moved towards your ear. She blew softly into your ear. Her breath felt so warm...so fresh...so enticing. You sighed and whispered, "Oh...Jen."

Jen patted the bed and said, "I want you to sit on the bed."

You obeyed and sat down. Jen motioned for you to scoot back a little, and she dropped to her knees in front of you. She made no move to remove any more of your clothes. Instead, she pushed your skirt up into a bunch at your waist. Her eyes remained completely focused on you. She placed her hands underneath your thighs and lifted up, forcing you back until you lay flat on the bed. You kept your head raised so you could see her.

Your heart was pounding furiously with anticipation. You couldn't ever remember a time when you were as turned on as you were right now. 

Jen moved her face towards your hot, wet pussy, then looked up at you and said, "It's okay for you to watch me. I'd like that very much." You could feel Jen's warm breath as she began slowly blowing all around your pussy. Your cunt lips were swollen and oh so sensitive. 

You twisted and squirmed through a full minute of this exquisite torture before you gasped, "Please...please."

Jen smiled up at you, obviously enjoying pleasuring you like this. Her tongue made contact with the outer lips of your cunt, and you jerked, letting out a loud, gasping sound. Her tongue seemed to take on a life of its own as she began to move it back and forth and up and down your inflamed labia. Every so often, she would dip her tongue a little deeper into your pussy to gather more of your intoxicating crème.

Jen's tongue felt amazing inside your pussy. You felt yourself rapidly building toward an incredible orgasm, as her tongue explored all the folds of your cunt and probed deeper inside you. Jen clearly knew what she was doing, and even in your ecstasy, you wondered how this 18-year-old high school senior could be such a good lover. She was so aggressive, so bold and confident. An odd thought crossed your mind: maybe this explained the smile on the face of that cute blonde Trick-or-Treater in the cheerleader outfit.

You wanted to raise your hips to start thrusting back into Jen's face but she held your legs so firmly you could barely move them. Your thighs were pushed back against your chest, spreading your cunt wide open and raising it up off the bed. It was the perfect position for Jen to feast on your cunt. And feast she did!

Jen probed you, her tongue beating a steady staccato of jabs at the introitus of your pussy. She pulled back a bit, and then drilled her tongue deep inside you. You were in ecstasy. You bit on your lip as you watched Jen in action. As she thrust deeper, you could see her face glistening with your juices. She was working you into a frothy soup.

Jen smiled when she saw your eyes roll back into your head. She obviously loved hearing the sounds you were making—the coos, the sighs, the whimpering gasps as she carried you to your climax. Jen seemed to sense that you were very close to the edge now and she moved in for her final assault on your pussy. She attacked your clit, sucking and nipping it, pulling with her teeth and lips, stabbing with her tongue repeatedly. You felt like you were in a rollercoaster nearing the top. There was a moment, as your pelvis felt stretched to the breaking point, when you felt like you were flying free in the sky.

Then...everything let go, and the roller coaster plunged down to earth. Bottoming out, your body burst with the most incredible orgasm that you'd ever experienced. Your body writhed and spasmed and you screamed out your ecstasy. 

"Oh God Yesssssssss! Ohh...oh...oh...oh...! FUCKKKKKKKKK! Yessss, Yessss, Yessss! Oooooohhhhhhh!" As your orgasm rushed through your body, you lay there in a quivering heap. 

Jen finally slowed her attack on your clit, and began gently swirling her tongue in and all around your pussy, gently bringing you down from the incredible high you'd just experienced. After a few minutes of gentle caresses, Jen skated her tongue to your inner thigh. She let her tongue play there for a while as she kissed your soft skin. You felt a final kiss directly on your pussy and then it was over.

You lay there and tried to catch your breath. Finally, you raised your head a little and looked down between your wide-open thighs. You saw those beautiful brown eyes, the cute smile and Jen's face completely wet with your crème. Then she abruptly stood up and murmured, "I have to go."

"Now?" you asked, once again caught completely off guard. "So soon?"

"Yes, I have to be somewhere." Something about the tone of her voice and the look on her face told you there was no use protesting.

It took some effort on your part, but you raised yourself off the bed and stood up. Your legs were wobbly, but you somehow managed to follow her out to the entryway.

Jen was putting her cleats back on. She picked up her bag of Trick-or-Treat candy and opened your front door. Then she turned to look at you and said, "Our last soccer game of the season is on Saturday. We're playing for the conference championship; I'd like you to come watch me play. I might have a surprise for you." Without waiting for an answer, Jen turned and sprinted down the walkway, and just like that, she was gone.

You stood there in the doorway looking out into the night. You could hear a few fall crickets playing their song, and you thought the stars were especially bright. 

You thought, 'What a Halloween delight!'

****

You woke up early Saturday morning after a restless night. As you lay in bed, you began to enjoy a little daydream about the strange turn your life had so recently taken. You remembered the last thing that Jen said to you..."I might have a little surprise for you on Saturday." You began to wonder what that surprise could be. One thing for certain, Jen was not a girl to underestimate. You let yourself drift along with your sensual fantasy, when suddenly you sat bolt upright. You realized that Jen never told you what time the game was.

You were certain that this little omission was quite intentional on Jen's part. She wanted you to make the effort to find out the time and location of the game. You went to your closet for your robe and then you opened your front door to look for the Saturday paper. There it was, about halfway down your front walk, and you quickly retrieved it and hurried back inside. As you walked to the kitchen, you began to leaf through the paper until you found the sports section.

You turned on the coffeemaker, and opened the paper on the kitchen table. You sat down and carefully scanned each page. Finally, there it was on page 4, an article announcing today's conference championship game between the home town team and the high school in that town just across the county line—the hated rivals.

You were interested in only one part of the article, and there it was...GAME TIME: 11:00 a.m. The game would be played at the new soccer field at the local middle school. That was the best field in town, so the high school soccer teams used it as well. You were familiar with the location; it was only a 5-minute drive from your house.

You glanced at the clock and saw that it was 8:30 a.m.—plenty of time. You thought a hot bath sounded like a good idea. First, you wanted to decide what you were going to wear. You went to your bedroom closet, and found your favorite pair of jeans and laid them out on your bed. You really liked the way they framed your ass. Next, you found a casual top that you liked. You opened your underwear drawer and rummaged through your undies until you spotted what you were looking for: lacy black thong panties. You tossed them on top of your jeans, and then dug out a pair of socks and your tennis shoes. Now you were ready for that bath.

You dropped some bath crystals into the tub and turned the water on, adjusting the temperature until it was nice and hot, just the way you liked it. When the tub was full, you removed your robe and pajamas and slowly lowered your body under the diaphanous mound of rich bubbles. You lay back for a while, enjoying the warmth of the water and the delicate scent of the bubbles.

After luxuriating awhile, you picked up the soft scrubee and you began gently washing every inch of your body. You were beginning to feel very sensual. You saved the best parts to wash for last. You slowly moved the scrubee back and forth over your labia, making sure your pussy would be fresh and clean. At one point you planted your feet flat in the tub and pushed your crotch up out of the water so that you could watch yourself cleaning your pussy. Then you brought the scrubee down through the cheeks of your ass several times, thoroughly enjoying that sensation as well. Finally, you were clean as a whistle, and you got out of the tub.

You quickly toweled yourself off, and then dusted your entire body with a fragrant powder. You walked over to your bed and you began to slowly draw your thong panties up your legs. Now it was time to shampoo your hair over the bathroom sink. Once done, out came the blow dryer and you set about styling your hair the way you liked it when you wanted to look your very best. Once you were satisfied with your hair, you put on a little light make-up. When you were satisfied with how you looked, you studied yourself in the mirror for a few seconds.

A warm glow came over you as you said out loud, "Not bad Adele...you're still pretty hot. Yeah, you can still turn a few heads...even a sexy young girl's."

You reached for your favorite cologne and put just a small dab behind each ear...a little went a long way and you didn't want to overdo it. As you left the bathroom, you hesitated for a few seconds and then backed up. You picked up the cologne bottle again and put a small dab on the inside of each thigh, up high near your pussy. As you straightened back up you looked at your reflection in the mirror again. The sensual smile on your face said it all.
