 Several weeks had passed since Steve Bryant had finished his physical therapy and checked out of the rehab center where Sarah had been working since shortly after New Years. The weeks had passed uneventfully, which was a relief after the nights she had spent being fucked by her older patient. She hadn't really come to terms with everything that had happened to her over the past couple of months, but after her second night with Mr. Bryant, she had seen a doctor about birth control, since it was clear that the man intended for regular fuck sessions with her to be part of his "rehab".

All of that was in the past now, though she had kept taking the pills... with everything that had happened, she didn't dare to go off them. This particular night, Sarah was back in her old job at the elder care unit. When they had asked her to fill in for the regular nurse who was on vacation for a couple of weeks, she had hesitated, but decided that she might as well, as long as it was a temporary assignment. 

It had already been a long shift at the nursing home when the night took a decided turn for the worse. As Sarah was attempting to get one of her more difficult patients back into bed for what seemed like the dozenth time since she had put him to bed originally. The patient in question had a bad habit of trying to feel up his nurses and aids, but until tonight, he had never tried it on Sarah. Tonight her luck had run out. She had come to his room yet again to put him back to bed, only to find him standing at the foot of his bed naked with an impressive hard-on for an 87 year old man. Sarah had tried to ignore his condition as she located his nightshirt, which had been tossed under his bed. As she knelt to pick it up, her patient was suddenly behind her trying to pull her scrub pants down. She had managed to kick free and had scolded him angrily, since it was obvious that he knew exactly what he was doing. His response had been to make a grab for her ample breasts. Angry and embarrassed, Sarah had threatened to send for the orderlies and have him sedated if he didn't put his pajamas back on and behave. If that wasn't bad enough, just before her shift was supposed to end, another patient had complained of a stomach ache, and when Sarah had tried to give her a dose of Pepto, the poor woman had chosen that moment to projectile vomit her supper all over Sarah, drenching her scrubs in foul-smelling goo. In the course of cleaning the old woman up and getting her back into bed, Sarah heard something pop in neck and immediately developed a stiff neck and headache as a result.

Sarah rarely made use of the staff showers, since she lived only a few minutes from the nursing home. She made an exception tonight. As she passed the door that connected to a general use steam bath that was unused because of the late hour, she decided to put it to use to see if she could fix the ache in her neck and back. She took a large towel from a shelf and quickly removed her smelly clothes, tossing them into the dirty-clothes cart. With the towel wrapped around herself, she stepped into the steaming sauna. Only once she got inside did she notice that the room wasn't empty after-all.

Sarah recognized the other woman as a nurse in the next ward over from hers. Anne, she thought her name was. She didn't know the other woman too well, but had gotten an impression of someone who was a little full of herself. She remembered the other nurse's name because, ironically, she had the same name as one of Sarah's college roommates... a girl who definitely wasn't full of herself. Even now as she stood next to the bench, she had removed her towel, and was apparently admiring her tall, slim body as best she could without a mirror. She was older than Sarah, maybe 30 or 35, but even Sarah could tell she was the type of woman who caught men's eye. She had long brown hair, In contrast to Sarah's long blonde. Her breasts were perfect – really perfect; some guys didn't think they looked real but they were. They were perky and round, stood out and up and were a good size, even larger than Sarah's ample 34C's. She had brown, fluffy pubic hair. It was trimmed, and the skin on her whole body was smooth and soft. She was tall. She easily had six or seven inches on Sarah's 5' 2" frame, and had a slim, curvy waist with long, toned legs. She nearly seemed to be strutting for an invisible audience, as she stood beside the wooden benches, almost in a pose. Her long, rosy nipples were hard, and Sarah couldn't stop looking at her. Her naked body seemed so sexual it came naturally for her to show herself off. 

Happily no one else came in. Sarah began feeling hot all over, from the heat of the steam, she told herself. The air was damp and hot. The other woman sat down on the bench with one leg up on the bench, her other leg bent beneath her. From where Sarah stood across from her, she could see that her position spread her lips and parted her pubic hair. Her pussy was pink and slightly swollen. Sarah began to feel wet and swollen herself, but she was unsure why it was happening. Anne didn't seem to notice Sarah yet.

She began to move the leg she had on the top bench back and forth, then she put her other leg up next to it. Her knees were bent and, from across the sauna, Sarah could see her pussy between her legs. She started to rub her legs against each other. The younger nurse realized with a start that she was masturbating but it was hard to imagine she would be, with another person in the room. By now, Sarah's own pussy was beginning to respond. She slowly became very wet and her own juices began dripping down toward her ass. 

As Sarah gasped from the sensations she felt. Instinctively her right hand moved to touch herself, to feel how wet and swollen she was. She didn't trim her pubes, but the blonde hair between her thighs was soft and downy. When the 23 year-old nurse touched her pussy she found it swollen and wet. The pink lips of her entrance felt as though they were on fire. The other woman didn't seem to be looking at her, and the middle two fingers of her right hand slid into her pussy before she even thought about it. Her innocent body had become so hot and wet. Sweat was dripping between her full breasts, tracing the path of her scar. 

Sarah's gaze was locked on the other nurse as she looked up. Sarah realized that Anne was looking at her, after all. She felt her skin flush and self-consciously took her hand away from her pussy. 

The other nurse was shifting positions, moving her legs back and forth, rubbing her pussy with her legs. The tops of her inner thighs were wet from her dripping cunt. She arched her back a little and opened her legs a bit. Her pussy was redder, more inflamed, and wet than it had been before.

They were looking at each other steadily now. Anne knew they were both turned on but Sarah was new to feelings of sexuality, and didn't recognize what was happening to her own body. Anne did recognize what was happening, and realized that she was new at it, too. Both women were sweating freely from the heat of the sauna. Sarah's eyes grew wider as Anne wiped the sweat from her neck, then down her body, grazing over her breasts and taut nipples, down her stomach, to the top of her pubic line. Her legs spread automatically.

She ran her fingers through her pubic hair for a moment then back up to her stomach just above her pelvis. Next time she ran her fingers down her pubic hair, and her middle finger touched her swollen pink clit. 

Without fully realizing what she was doing, Sarah's hand mimicked the other nurses' actions. It was as though she couldn't help herself. Almost as a mirror image of Anne, she ran her fingers down her wet slit, made them slick and moved them back up to her clit. She rubbed her middle finger next to her clit, moving it up and down vertically. She felt her womanhood dripping, on fire. Abruptly Sarah seemed to realize what she was doing and stopped, mumbling, "I... I'm sorry... I..."

Anne's voice was husky and full of sex. She replied, "No," Sarah had to strain to make out the words. "Don't stop. Keep going," she said, "You look so hot." Her hand went right back to her own pussy and she spread her legs farther.

Sarah's breath was coming in short gasps, and her skin tingled. She shook her head and mumbled, "N... no... I..." Even as she refused, her hand returned to finger her swollen pussy lips and she spread her legs farther. As Sarah spread her legs, her fingers slipped down to the bottom of her slit, then back up to her clit and rubbed the tip. She quickly learned that she came easily and had to try not to let herself come. Inspite of her efforts, she had a small orgasm anyway. She felt the heat rush through her pussy and body, up to her tits, and wetness flow from her pussy. A part of her aroused body didn't want it to end as she moved her hand up and down her pussy. Two fingers dipped inside her cunt and she could feel her pussy pulse around her fingers.

Meanwhile, Anne was rubbing her clit hard with two fingers and squeezing one of her nipples with her other hand. She was moaning with soft, high-pitched sounds that seemed incredibly sexy. Her body was shaking with the orgasms she was causing herself. The wooden bench she was sitting on was dark around her pussy and ass from her juices. As she came down from her climax, she slid over on the bench to sit next to Sarah. She captured the younger nurse's gaze again before murmuring, "I... I want to taste you," she whispered. "I... I've never, I... I want to taste."

Sarah's eyes grew wide at the suggestion, and she shook her head, "N... No, that's w... wrong, I c... can't!"

Anne slipped off the bench and knelt between her legs. "Just a little taste, Sarah. It... it'll be okay." 

Inspite of her protests, Sarah still had her hand on her pussy as Anne's tongue flicked out to taste Sarah's flushed skin. She licked her way up her inner thigh. She tasted like sweat and the juice dripping from her aroused cunt. Musky, yet somehow like powder, female, soft. On her knees on the floor, Anne's hand was on her own pussy as her tongue reached Sarah's. She had her hand on either side of Sarah's pussy now, spreading it open but not touching her inner lips. She touched the very bottom of her slit with her tongue, which received an instant reaction from her. She moaned and her hips bucked, telling Anne that she was VERY sensitive there. She ran her tongue around the V Sarah's lower pussy made and she spread her legs wider. The older nurse knew her clit must have been aching; it was hard and even more swollen than it had before, but she tasted so good that Anne didn't want it to end.

Sarah's hand settled on Anne's and she seemed to by trying vainly to gather enough strength to push the other woman away. She shook her head as the sensation of having her pussy eaten by her colleague threatened to overwhelm her. "Uhhh...! Oh, n...no. H... Anne, please s... stop. I... I can't... Nooo... NOOOSSSAA!" 

The denial had turned into a scream of pleasure as Anne took one side of her outer lip in her mouth, and reveled in how slick she was with nearly tasteless yet delicious, sex juices. Her tongue traced Sarah's inner lip as she took her outer lip gently between her teeth. She ran her mouth up her pussy this way, and when she approached Sarah's clit she licked her way back down without touching it. 

Anne moaned as she felt as though she was aching as much as her victim was. She pressed her hand into Sarah's pubic bone, and took the other outer lip in her mouth and did the same thing – ran her tongue up the girl's soft inner lip as her mouth caressed the outer lip. She blew a warm breath against the sensitive skin. When she approached Sarah's swollen clit she ran her tongue around just under it, without touching it, then back down to the sensitive V at the bottom of her pussy. Her back arched and the hand at Anne's head stopped trying to push away, and pulled the back of her head closer as she began to come in the other woman's mouth. Anne ran her tongue around this spot of until Sarah was shaking and grinding against her. All the while, Anne was fucking herself with two fingers, careful not to touch her own clit until she was finished tasting Sarah's.

Anne's lips were wet with Sarah's cum and the younger nurse was breathing quickly, telling her that now was not the time to stop. She looked up at the girl and saw one hand begin to her squeeze her own nipples, even as the other pressed Anne closer to her throbbing core. When Sarah's orgasm subsided, Anne slid her tongue up the dripping cunt, to the folds near her clit. She pressed her tongue just under the engorged clit, and moved it in tiny circles. Sarah held her head limply as she tried to keep still. Anne moved her tongue up next to the now extremely swollen nub, pressing it into the side of her clit. Sarah moaned and her head shook from side to side. The older woman sighed. This girl tasted so good! As her tongue stroked the side of Sarah's clit, she did the same thing to her own clit with one finger, moving her finger up and down her own swollen clit. She knew she was dripping onto the floor she was kneeling on. Her tongue grazed Sarah's clit as she went across it to the other side. Anne's tongue grazed the side of the other girl's pussy and when her tongue touched it Sarah let out a guttural moan and jerked her hips toward Anne's face. Anne realized that she'd found another "spot" and she kept her tongue there moving it in small circles, still pressing softly. Sarah was moaning louder and louder and bucking hard against her face. 

As she kept coming, her legs opened wider and Anne flicked her tongue in the same spot over and over as she fingered her own clit the same way. She was cumming too; moaning and feeling the heat and wetness grow between her legs.

She thrust two fingers from her free hand into her own pussy as she kept tonguing the other girl's clit. She thrust two fingers forward to find Sarah's g-spot started rubbing up and down. 

"Oh, nooo, H... Anne, please... please stop!" Sarah cried out. She had stopped bucking but her juices were flowing even more than before. Her cunt was steaming hot and very wet inside. 

Anne was still having multiple orgasms herself. She always came easily, so that was nothing new, but the amount of cum gushing from her twat was. As she finger fucked herself she was overcome by her first true ejaculating orgasm. She continued rubbing her clit hard and she felt her pussy grow very, very, hot and swollen. It felt like she was going to erupt and she kept pistoning her fingers, rubbing and rubbing her clit as she continued licking Sarah and rubbing her g-spot with her other hand. Her own orgasms were continuous now. Suddenly she felt one huge one rising, her inner lips swell, and suddenly a gush of wetness against her own hand. It was the most intense orgasm she'd ever had.

"Ohhh... Ohhh... Sarah! Ohhh, my goooddd! Ahhh!" When her own orgasm died down, she covered Sarah's whole swollen clit with her mouth. It was the first time she taken the whole thing in her mouth and it felt amazing. She still had two fingers in Sarah's pussy and two fingers in her own pussy. 

By now, Sarah was openly playing with her breasts, rubbing all around the swollen mounds, pinching her nipples and squeezing them all over. All of Sarah's normal inhibitions seemed to have evaporated along with the steam that surrounded the two women. Anne ran her tongue around Sarah's clit and sucked on it lightly. "Ohhh," she gasped, "A... Anne, This can't... can't be happening! It still feels so g... good! P... please don't s... stop!"

Anne was so happy to hear her say that. She wanted her to have the same massive orgasm like she had had. She took her fingers out of her own pussy and started touching Sarah's body, first her outer lips, while she continued to finger her pussy and lick her clit. Her outer lips were nearly as wet as she was inside. Anne stroked two fingers, one on each side of her outer lips up and down, then up to the spot at the bottom of her pussy that had made her cum before. While she fucked two fingers from one hand in and out of her, she began to finger that V spot with the other. Sarah moaned, and slumped down to lay back flat on the bench. She still had one leg down on the floor below and the other bent on the bench.

Anne moved her fingers all around Sarah's throbbing cunt, anywhere that felt warm. She was moaning again, and Anne could feel her getting wetter again. She slipped a third finger inside the tight opening, but quickly went back to two. With her other hand, she began to feel her everywhere. She ran her hand down below her pussy toward her ass—she was slick and wet from the steam and her own juices—to just in front of her pink asshole. Anne wasn't sure if she should continue or not, but again Sarah gasped, "Ohhh Y... yes, ohhh... Please, don't stop. Ohhh!" she moaned as she squeezed her own breasts and arched her back.

Anne ran one wet finger around her asshole, which was wet with her juices. Sarah was panting, her breath becoming faster and more labored. Anne could feel her pussy becoming even wetter around the two fingers inside her. All at once, she pushed one long, thin finger gently past Sarah's tight sphincter, and used the two fingers inside her pussy to rub the spot behind her clit. She used more pressure with her tongue against her clit. The younger woman came – letting out a high-pitched moan and arching her back – and her pussy erupted, launching a stream of cum from between her swollen lips! Her back arched and her pussy heaved; her juices coating Anne's face and hand, as her body heaved up and down in rhythmic spasms. The older nurse swore, climaxing without even touching herself, just from how hot it made her feel to have fucked Sarah to such a massive orgasm.

As her own orgasm eased Anne, slowed down her work on Sarah's pussy, but kept going gently until the girl had completely finished. She lapped up as much of Sarah's sweet cum as she could – savoring the delicious taste of the younger woman's love juice. After Sarah had finished cumming, Anne moved up her body slowly, kissing her flat stomach, sucking at her belly button, and nipping at her breasts. She traced the scar between Sarah's large tits with her tongue before taking one nipple into her mouth for the first time. She moaned a satisfied, happy moan of pleasure against the soft skin as she nursed at the hard peak, "Mmmm... Mmmm..." She lowered herself onto her and covered Sarah's mouth with hers. There was a brief moment of resistance before Anne felt her lips part and allow her tongue to delve inside. For what seemed like ages, Anne taught Sarah how to french kiss as she explored the other nurse's soft mouth. Her tongue was soft against the pressure of Anne's insistent caresses and her breath was hot and sweet. She felt Sarah's wet pussy as their thighs pressed against each other. The two women were lost in the intense sensations as they kissed, their tired, sweaty bodies moving together, until they climaxed together, a small orgasm pulsing between them as they pressed against each other's thighs. Anne pressed her thigh up against Sarah's cunt as the girl came against her, and she rubbed her own clit against Sarah's thigh and came against her at the same time.

The two lay together for just a few minutes before the older nurse stood and urged the younger to stand. "Come on Sarah, I think we could both use a shower," she said. Sarah could barely breath as she allowed herself to be pulled into a sitting position. Anne stooped to kiss her on the lips, and then lowered to suckle one breast as she sat up. She flicked her tongue over the taut nipple one time before standing and pulling Sarah to her feet. 

The shower room had three stalls, and Anne led Sarah into one of them and turned on the water. The warm water felt cold after the heat of the sauna, and Sarah's skin came all over in goosebumps as her the skin of her already aroused nipples became achingly tight. In the full light of the shower room, Sarah could see that her sex instructor's toned body was a beautiful bronze color and unbroken by tan lines. It blended perfectly with the gold highlighted brown of her hair. Her breasts seemed even more full and perfect than before, and she couldn't help but notice that her nipples appeared to be as hard her own were. Anne caught her staring and smiled at her. Sarah's whole body flushed with embarrassment at the whole series of events that had happened so-far that night, and she turned away, to face the shower.
