 Thank you sexy_tat for the editing of this story.



Meg was a 24 year old hard working young woman but was also very lonely one too. Every night she would go to bed on her own and bring herself off with her trusty red vibrator while thinking of her girlfriend Sarah who had been killed by a drunk driver eight months ago at the tender age of just eighteen. Meg had yearned for female company especially at night time as that's when she missed it the most and most of the time would end up crying herself to sleep with the thought of her.

Meg threw herself into her work to keep herself busy and to keep her mind occupied as well as she wasn't coping very well with the loss of Sarah even after all this time. It was a Thursday afternoon and Meg was on the checkout at her local supermarket when a striking young blonde girl came to her cash register with some groceries. The girl had the deepest blue eyes and must have been at least six foot tall and looked a lot like her lost love Sarah.

The resemblance was almost spooky until the girl opened her mouth to speak and sounded nothing like Sarah. All the same it was the looks that made Meg stare at the girl so intently who smiled back at her and brought her out of her thoughts of Sarah and back to the present as she scanned the girl's groceries and took her cash then the girl was out the door and gone. Three days later when Meg was on her lunch break who should she bump into in the street but the girl she had seen a few days earlier and again all Meg could do was stare at her.

"Why do you stare at me like that do I have something stuck to my face or something?" The girl asked her. 

All I could do was stutter what felt like a sentence but was probably just gobbledegook. I must have looked like a complete loony to her the way I stared at her and what I was trying to say. I stumbled and she caught me from falling and I was in her arms and then it all came flooding out how she looked like my last girlfriend and how she died and everything else like how lonely I was without her and then seeing her and her looking so much like Sarah. She saw what kind of state I was in and told me she just lived around the corner and would I like to come back to hers till I sorted myself out and I said "Yes."

I found out her name was Nicole and she was twenty two years old and she lived alone in a small flat above some shops around the corner for the last couple of weeks from where I worked. Her mom had found out that Nicole liked girls a lot more than she liked boys and had been caught in bed by her mother with another girl and that her father had thrown her out and how a friend of hers who owned this flat she was now living in left her crash here till she found somewhere else to live. We talked all afternoon and into the evening and she offered me dinner and before I knew it I had missed my last bus home. Nicole offered me half of her bed for the night which I happily accepted.

During the night I awoke to find that Nicole who had been facing away from me was now not only facing me but had a long leg draped over mine and her arm was draped over me to and her hand was cupping my boob. I didn't know what to do whether to brush her hand away from my boob or let it stay where it was. I could feel the heat coming from her body and her nipples which were now hard and buried into my back. All I had one was my bra and panties which Nicole also wore when we went to bed and now I could feel her bare hard nipples on my back which made me wonder when she took her bra off and if she had taken her panties off also?

I had to find out as the curiosity was getting to me being here in a bed with a girl who looked exactly like my dead girlfriend. I managed to slip her hand off my boob and her arm and leg off me and was able to turn around without waking her up. I slowly moved my hand and touched her shoulder and held fast to her to see if she woke up with my touch but she never moved. I slowly moved my hand from her shoulder down her arm and onto her waist but didn't feel any clothing. I moved my hand further down and on to her thigh and there was no panties on her either she must have took them off when I was asleep.

"Please." Nicole whispered to me.

"Don't tease me." She whispered again as she moved closer to me.

I was shocked and froze with my hand on the outside of her thigh. But when I looked at her she was still fast asleep so I thought she must be dreaming and me touching her was setting her off. My hand continued its journey back up her thigh to her waist and on up until my hand was right under her bare breast. Her skin was so soft and smooth that I just wanted to kiss her all over.

"Please baby touch me." I heard Nicole whisper again to me still wondering if she were still asleep or awake.

"Do you want me to touch you Nicole?" I asked her as quietly as I could muster as I lay there scared to move awaiting her answer.

Nicole's eyes opened and she just lay there looking deep into my eyes. I just couldn't help myself and leaned into her and kissed her gently on the lips. I pulled back a little and looked back into Nicole's eyes again and she was still just looking at me. I leaned in again and kissed gently on the lips again then again a little more forcefully and as her mouth opened I slid my tongue into her mouth and brought my right hand up over and onto her left boob.

"Oh Sarah" I moaned into her mouth as we kissed. Realising what I had just said I pulled away from her.

"Hey it's ok Meg, do I really look that much like your Sarah?" She asked me as she pulled me close again.

"Very much so." I replied as I slid my arm around her again.

"It must have been like seeing a ghost or a twin sister when you saw me the other day." Nicole answered.

We kissed and cuddled for a while and it was nearly four in the morning when I looked at the clock on Nicole's bedside table. For me it was like I was falling in love all over again with Sarah but it was actually Nicole. I gently stroked the outside of her leg then worked my way to the inside of her thigh. Gradually I slid my hand up the inside of her thigh towards her pussy and I could feel the heat from her warm wet hole before even getting to touch it. I did my best to avoid touching her there and just stroked the tiny area of flesh between her leg and pussy. I kept working my way up as we kissed and finally my fingers squeezed the lips of her cunt together over her clit.

I was careful not to touch her clit directly although I did squeeze the lips of her pussy together over her clit again. Once I reached half way down her pussy lips I pushed two fingers into Nicole's wet hole. At first I only pushed one in part of the way in then two fingers half way in then withdrew them completely. I wanted to bury my face between her legs and start licking up her glistening juices but I managed to control myself just in time. Nicole's face and upper body had now turned red. It started as a light pink around her breasts and became progressively darker up her neck until her face was a deep crimson. Her features were contorting and her eyes screwed tight shut and her mouth was now open wide in a silent scream of ecstasy as she came over my hand. My attention was then returned to what I was doing by the pain in my hand. It was the pain of having my fingers crushed by Nicole's powerful pussy.

I stopped moving my fingers inside her not as much from choice as from having little alternative as her cunt gripped them tight. Nicole's hands were against my face trying to push me away but there was no real power behind them. I could hear her whispering for me to stop but that was the last thing I wanted to do. My three fingers were free again as Nicole's pussy loosened its grip on them and were now joined by a fourth finger which I now pounded into her body as hard as I could in and out of her soaking hole.

"Yes yes fuck me with your fingers harder deeper." Nicole called out to me as she began to buck against my hand and intruding fingers.

Nicole's whole body tensed and she began panting hard now and she started to rock a little on my hand as a second orgasm swept through her body in a tidal wave of pleasure. Once I felt the second orgasm subside I stopped partly because she was now begging me to stop and also a I wanted to taste her juices.

"I'm sorry if I hurt you," I said to her.

"It's okay you didn't hurt me." She said with a smile.

"Are you ok?" I asked her again.

"Yes," she replied.

"Oh, that felt so good." She said again with a huge smile on her face.

We kissed again and my hands were all over her breasts feeling her hard nipples against the palms of my hands. Nicole moved onto her back and spread her legs and as I placed a hand on her wet pussy I could feel her juices running down to her bum hole. My first instinct was to move my head between her legs and eat that pussy of hers. I looked up at her face she was staring at me with big pleading eyes her chest moving quickly up and down as she took shallow fast breaths.

I leant forward and kissed the soft mouth, I knew it wasn't what she wanted me to do but I wanted to tease her until she couldn't take it any longer. I began to slowly work my way from her mouth down to her chin and onto her boobs kissing, licking and nibbling on her nipples as I moved from one boob to the other. She started to go crazy as her own hands were not grasping at her pussy and she was begging me to eat her cunt.

I caught both of her wrists and held them tight above her head as I carried on kissing, licking and nipping her with my teeth ever so gently. The whole time I kept my eyes fixed on her face as she watched me going further south on her squirming body.

I let go of her wrists with one hand and pushed two of my fingers back into her dripping wet pussy this time a little further before and again completely withdrawing them. When Nicole felt my fingers leave her again tears formed in her eyes and began rolling down her pretty face. Her eyes were closed but she was whispering for me to stop teasing her. I released her wrists completely and lowered my mouth to belly button dipping the tip of my tongue into before moving south again to her waiting tight wet hole.

Keeping an eye on Nicole's face I extended my tongue and gently licked the juices from just inside her pussy. She took a deep breath and held it for a moment before releasing it in short quick breaths. I began to lick her clit very lightly at first and gradually applied more and more pressure using the tip of my tongue at first to caress her delicate bud and a little later the flat of my tongue to lap up her juices and smother her sensitive clit with it.

At the same time I pushed two fingers back into her soaking pussy and began to work them deeper into her body using small circular movements. She loved it and the movements of my fingers quickly stretched her until I pushed a third finger comfortably into her. I fucked her with my three fingers and ate her at her clit and after a few moments I felt the walls of her cunt squeeze my fingers briefly and then relax again. She was about to cum again and the look on her face confirmed it.

Nicole bucked up and down against my hand as I fucked her with my four fingers. I then slipped my thumb into her she was that wet and pushed my whole hand inside her pussy. She gasped for air as she felt my whole hand inside of her and moaned out loud as I fucked her with my hand as it slid up her to my wrist. This was the first time I had ever fist fucked a girl and I could see just how much she enjoyed as she began to push my hand out and squirted all over me which was also a first for me too.

"That was fantastic Meg I never knew I could squirt." She said as she tried to catch her breath as her orgasm subsided.

I smeared my thumb with her juices and pressed it against her arsehole and with a little force it slipped in. I asked if she was okay with it and she nodded. I used my thumb at first then I swapped to a finger and after fucking her with that for a few moments I pushed another finger in as well. Being as gentle as possible and using as much of her own juices I continued to open her bum until it was wide enough for a third finger. Nicole even slipped a finger of her own into herself as I finger fucked her ass.

"Are you okay?" I asked her.

"It's good, but be gentle," she replied.

I was now horny as fuck and moved my ass around to her face and straddle her head and sat my drenched pussy on her mouth. I rode her face as I fucked her ass with my fingers. Nicole then brought both hands up to my pussy and while she sucked on my clit she inserted a two fingers in my pussy and a thumb in my ass as I bucked like a wild woman on her face and fingers.

While her fingers and thumb played with my pussy and ass she used the palm of her other hand to press against clit and rubbed it as fast as she could. It didn't take long and I was cumming all over her face as I burst like a dam. It took just a little longer than before but Nicole was soon cumming again in my mouth. I pulled my fingers out of her ass and spun around and put them in her mouth and she sucked on them as I sucked my juices from her fingers. We lay there in our afterglow in each other's arms until the morning sunshine pocked its head in the window and as I looked at the clock it was almost 7.20am.

Soon after that night I moved in with Nicole and its now been eight months since that night and we are due to move into a bigger flat next week.