 For those of you used to my other stuff, this is pretty much straight up porn. So no whining. This story came out of my second piece of work - “The Tease”.

I want to thank Colleen Thomas for all her insights and advice for improving this story.

And don’t forget to vote! Comments are appreciated, but voting is important.

The door to the apartment opened. The first woman in was petite and thin. Her hair was jet black, and a medium length wavy. The clothes she wore capitalized on her exotic beauty. The woman’s skin was Mediterranean in colour and texture. Her tits were firm and not contained by a bra. The nipples were visibly poking at the thin green material of her shirt. Her black spandex pants were painted on well molded legs. Leather sandals displayed toes with darkly painted nails.

Turning to someone outside the door, the first woman reached out and pulled a second on into the place. This woman was almost the opposite of the person holding her hand. She was at least fifteen years older than the first. A good six inches taller, the second woman was blonde and wide across the shoulders and hips. She was large busted with a full ass. Her legs were of a piece with the rest of her, ample and shapely. She wore a cream coloured blouse with navy blue skirt. There were black stockings on her legs and expensive pumps on her feet. The skin on the blond’s face was streaked with recent tears and her blue eyes were mildly bloodshot. The woman had been crying recently.

“Well, what do you think Karen?” asked the small dark girl.

“It reminds me of where I lived when I was your age, Sasha.” came the reply.

The apartment was a small, neatly kept bachelor. The main piece of furniture was a large futon spread out in the living room. A four drawered dresser was against the wall next to it. On the opposite wall were two set of shelves. One set held some plants and a few books, the other had a small television, a sound system and CDs. Several posters were taped on the wall. The two women were standing in a short hall that had a tiny kitchen on one side and equally small bathroom on the other.

“Come on in and sit down,” Sasha invited. “I’ll get some thing to drink. You need it.”

Sasha moved into the kitchen thinking about the circumstances that led to this situation. Sasha worked in a strip club. Odd for a woman of her sexuality, but the money was good. And she didn’t need to worry about getting involved with a customer, most of the time.

Karen had come in, with a boyfriend of all things, several weeks before. Since she was working on a customer Sasha had not seen the fulsome blonde enter the club. So one of the other dancers had latched on to Karen first.

“Bad luck for her,” thought Sasha, “but good for me. That woman was the deadliest tease on the planet.” Man or woman, her fellow peeler could pour lust into them. “Poor Karen never stood a chance.”

The fatal redhead quickly got to do private dances for Karen. By the end of them Angel had her lush prey hooked.

Karen had started coming in alone, always getting her object of desire to perform for her. And like many beginners, she mistook professional skill for actual interest. Karen tried to get her fantasy figure as a lover.

The copper haired woman could have cared less. Her interest was power. And Angel was bored with the idea of love. So she had handed Karen off to Sasha. The black haired flirt had no objections whatsoever.

Sasha had been watching this drama with amusement and lust. Amusement because this was the first time she had seen this kind of passion play with players of this gender. Lust because she thought Karen was a delicious woman. “So much fine flesh to be played with”.

Sasha had moved in on Karen like a predator on a wounded calf. Karen was weeping when Sasha found her. It had been so simple to get the opulent woman to leave the club and come home. “She thinks for comfort,” went through Sasha’s head. “And I’m going to comfort her until she can’t walk straight.”

Karen went into the main room and flopped down on the futon. Her slumped shoulders told of how miserable she felt. Her mind wandered over recent events.

Karen felt she was getting old. The last couple of years she had been feeling more and more tired.

She had gone into finance after leaving university. It was interesting work, or had been. It kept her on the road a lot of the time, so her personal life suffered. She rarely met any single men, except where she worked. That, she found, was a bad idea. Inevitably work rivalry poisoned those relationships.

Her sex life as a result consisted mostly of infrequent one night stands. To say the least, this was less than satisfying.

And it had all begun to pall. She was tired of her work. She was tired of being alone. And Karen found she was even getting tired of men.

Her latest attempt at a relationship had been halfhearted. Sure, Tom was a nice guy, but he didn’t turn her on. She became bored almost immediately. That’s when Karen suggested going to a strip club. Anything to light a little fire.

“I got what I asked for,” Karen thought.

Once in the club, she had almost had second thoughts. She hadn’t expected how the ambiance of the place would affect her. It was so decadent. Karen found herself sitting agog, staring at everything. And to her surprise, staring at the women; barely dressed, all beautiful, and comfortable in a way Karen wasn’t. She found them fascinating, and attractive.

“Then that woman came over. Damn, she was gorgeous. She knew it too.”

Karen had tried to ignore the hot redhead, but the stripper made it impossible. When the sexy girl touched Karen’s arm, her heart fluttered. She had no choice but to accept the offer of a ‘special show’.

And that show was very special indeed. Karen was taken on a ride through Wonderland. Ten dances she had gotten. When it was over Karen had dragged Tom out of the private room and into the woman’s washroom. She had torn off her panties as soon as she got in the door. Locking themselves in a toilet, Karen had almost ripped Tom’s prick out of his pants, turned around and impaled herself on it. She had never been so horny in her life.

When they were done, they headed outside. They encountered Angel again and the sight of the tease and the kiss she blew sent Karen spiraling away again. They got to Tom’s car and spent the next hour screwing madly.

But all Karen could think of the whole time was the dancer.

It was all she could think about for days. Karen tried to fight it off, but the memory of the sight and feel of Angel kept coming back to her. Not being able to stand it any more, Karen returned to the club and got the fix she needed. She came back more and more often, reveling in the passion her redheaded fantasy could arouse.

Karen tried to meet Angel outside of work. Angel was having none of that. Karen finally realized that Angel only regarded her as easy pickings. When Angel walked away for the last time, Karen had cried, both for the loss she felt and the foolishness of her behaviour.

She was still at her table when Sasha had sat down next to her. A few quick words of comfort and Karen had found herself weeping on the dark woman’s shoulder. Once Karen stopped, Sasha said they should go somewhere private. They had gone to the VIP room, but Karen wasn’t interested. Neither, as it turned out, was Sasha. She just put her arms around Karen and hugged her tight, whispering solace into her ear. Karen hugged her back, glad that someone cared.

When Sasha suggested going to her place, Karen accepted, wanting more privacy and consolation. As Karen left the bar she encountered Angel and ignored her. “Bitch!” was her only thought. Karen waited outside in her car for Sasha and the pair of them headed to Sasha’s apartment.

Karen could now hear doors opening and closing in the kitchen. The sound of a knife working on a cutting board came next. Finally, Sasha emerged with a bottle of tequila and two shot glasses in one hand. The other hand had a dish with a salt shaker on it, surrounded by lime slices.

“This should help,” declared Sasha. “Nothing rips away heartbreak like tequila. When done right.”

“I’ve never had tequila.” replied Karen. “In fact, I don’t drink much. Maybe I shouldn’t.”

“Maybe. And maybe you can spend the rest of the night feeling badly about that woman whose been playing with you. A couple of drinks will put her behind you,” Sahsa told Karen.

To herself she thought, “And those drinks should get me on top of you. Won’t that be nice?”

Karen took a shot glass from Sasha. “I guess I will then.”

Sasha sat down on the futon and placed the dish between them. “We have to do this right. I’ll show you.”

Sasha ran her tongue over the fold made by the thumb and forefinger of her left hand. She imagined that it was the slit between Karen’s legs. The thought made her own pussy tingle.

She poured a shot of tequila then sprinkled salt over the wet spot on her thumb. Licking the crystals into her mouth, Sasha tossed the drink back and slammed a lime wedge after it. Her shoulders shuddered at the melange of tastes.

“Damn, that’s good!” exclaimed Sasha. “Your turn, Karen.”

The older woman imitated Sasha’s actions. She coughed and sputtered a little when finished.

Sasha laughed. “That’s pretty much what happened my first time. You had better get another one down to wet your throat.”

Karen got the second shot down with a lot less trouble.

“That’s it Karen. You learn fast. You better have another to keep the first two company.”

The blond woman hammered back her third drink like a pro. Karen blinked her eyes and shook her head as the alcohol seeped into her mind.

“How are you feeling now, Karen?” asked Sasha.

Karen’s face clouded with unhappiness and she started to cry. “Damn her. Damn that woman! She teases and teases and teases and never gives a thing. I was just someone to be played with. God, I hate her!”

Sasha thought, “With any luck, I’ll be playing with you soon.” She moved the plate aside and wrapped her arms around Karen, giving her a warm hug. Sasha’s cunt started to throb a little at the touch.

“Easy,” Sasha told herself. “If I rush, I’ll just scare her off. Be gentle, for now.”

Karen held on to Sasha tightly and wept hard. Sasha stroked Karen’s hair and back. “There, there,” she said. “I know what a cunt she is. She plays with everyone as much as she can. The silly woman likes the power. You just happened to be an easy mark. You’ll get over it. There’s no reason for you to feel like a victim.”

Sahsa comforted Karen for another ten minutes. The blond stopped crying at Sasha’s words of solace and support. Sniffling a little she drew back and announced, “You’re right Sasha. That woman’s not going to get to me. I’m better than that. Better than she deserves.”

“But I sure deserve you,” thought Sasha. She moved the tray of lime slices back between them. “Let’s drink to that!” she announced.

Refilling their glasses, they raised them to one another.

“To us,” said Sasha.

“The survivors,” was Karen’s riposte. And they tossed back their drinks.

“You’re going to love surviving what I’ve got in mind,” was Sahsa’s thought as they sucked down lime juice.

Karen squeezed her eyes shut for a second. When she opened them again they seemed a bit out of focus. “Woo,” she said. “I’m getting a bit buzzed. This tequila is damned fine stuff.”

“I’ve always liked it,” replied Sasha. Her inner voice said, “I’ve been thinking of having labels with ‘Panty Remover’ printed on them for my bottles. It delivers the goods every time.”

Sasha topped up their shots, and the two of them toasted one another again.

As Karen finished her last drink, she put the glass down and then wilted to the futon. “Damn,” was her comment. “I am feeling no pain.” She giggled. “I’m not going to complain. That’s better than what I was feeling an hour ago.”

“Here we go,” thought Sasha. “Can you feel this?” and she wiggled one of Karen’s toes.

Karen snickered again. “Yes, I can.”

Sasha moved to the same toe on the other foot. “How about this?”

“That one too.”

Sasha removed the pump on the foot she was holding. She stroked the sole revealed. “And this?” she asked.

“Umm,” came the reply and Karen giggled once more. “It tickles though.”

Sasha removed the other shoe and repeated the gentle fondling. “This one? It tickles too?”

Karen snorted her laughter.

“You seem to be feeling fine here,” noted Sasha. Moving her hands up, she began to pet Karen’s smooth, stockinged calves. “Can you feel what I’m doing here?”

The blond woman’s breath hitched a little and her hips twitched almost imperceptibly at the gentle touch. “Uh, yes,” Karen said.

“So what do you feel, sweetie?” Sahsa continued the light caresses.

“Good. Relaxed.”

“Well, you feel pretty good,” replied Sasha. Inside she thought, “She’ll take that one way, and I mean it the other.” Sasha could feel her own body getting warm at the feel of Karen. Her mind leapt ahead to what she wanted to happen.

Sasha worked gently on the other woman’s lower legs. She went no higher than the knees. Karen closed her eyes and soaked in the relaxing sensations.

“I’ve gotta do both sides, so roll over please?” asked Sasha. The lush woman did so without hesitation.

Sahsa continued the light rubbing of her unwitting partner’s firm legs. She could tell that the sensations were getting through to Karen by the occasional flexing of the woman’s luscious ass cheeks.

Deciding to get a little bolder, Sasha moved past the knees and started to work on the soft, full thighs. There was little reaction until she reached between the legs and massaged the inside of the legs. Karen took in a deep breath at the erotic strokes.

“Does that feel good, Karen?” Sasha decided to focus the older woman’s mind on what was being done to her. Concentration would increase the effect.

“Oh, yes. So nice,” came the reply. Karen seemed oblivious to the real purpose of the massage. But Sasha could tell by the more frequent twitches of the ballooning cheeks that the blond’s body was getting the idea.

Sasha left off the thighs and sat on Karen’s back. She reached up and started to work on Karen’s shoulders. “Hmm. The muscles here are really tight, gorgeous. I can’t work on them with your blouse in the way. Would you mind taking it off?”

“I don’t…” started the reluctant reply.

“There’s no reason why not, Karen. You’re still thinking about that woman aren’t you? Are you afraid I’m going to tease? I’m just helping you relax. No teasing involved.”

“Of course not,” is what Sasha didn’t say out loud. “Teasing means no delivery. And I intend to deliver.”

Karen moved her hands under her body and undid the buttons on her blouse while Sasha pulled it out of the woman’s skirt. Once all the buttons were released, Sasha drew the garment free of Karen’s arms revealing the smooth flesh of the succulent woman’s back.

Sasha could feel her nipples harden and her cunt leaking at the sight. “Careful, careful,” she told herself. “Not yet. She needs a bit more encouragement.” But she got ready for the final move by removing her own shirt.

Returning to the shoulders, Sasha lightly dug into the skin, sending tantalizing messages to Karen’s brain. She softly poked and prodded down until the strap of the bra was reached. Sasha realized it with a quick motion.

“What?” came from Karen.

“I can’t get at all the muscles with that thing in the way,” explained Sahsa. Nonchalantly, she continued the massage. Under her dripping pussy, she could feel Karen squirming at the effect the young woman was having on her.

When Sasha reached Karen’s waist, she moved her hands to Karen’s sides and changed their motions from massaging to fondling. Cupping her hands she stroked the sensitive skin. Gently, provocatively, the dark flirt moved up the opulent blond’s flanks. As she reached the material of the bra, Sasha went under the cups and petted the tit flesh that was pressed out from the big blond’s body. The surfaces were warm and slick with sweat.

Karen let out a small moan at the touch. “What…ooh…what are you doing?”

“What does it feel like?” asked Sasha. “I’m playing with your sexy tits. Isn’t this what you wanted from that tease?”

She lay down on Karen’s back so her new lover could feel Sasha’s firm breasts. The smaller woman took Karen’s nipples and rolled them between thumb and forefinger. She breathed on her partner’s ear and tickled it with her tongue.

Under her, Karen shuddered at the carnality of Sasha’s touch. “I… I…” came trembling from her mouth.

“No need to be shy Karen. You were ready to give it up for that bitch. I want it. So do you.” Sasha gave the now hard nipples a pinch.

Karen gave a panting cry in response. “Yes,” she gritted through her teeth. “I did want it. Ooh. I still do. Take my offer. Take me!”

Sasha grinned and cupped Karen’s breasts in her hands. They were far too big for such a small set of digits so she squeezed dead centre, feeling the rigid points tipping them scrape against her palms. Sasha licked up Karen’s shoulder, neck and cheek until she came to her sexy beau’s lips. She placed her own on them.

Pushing her tongue, Sasha found a little resistance. “Virgins, I love ‘em,” she thought. She caught Karen’s sweaty nubs between her thumbs and first two fingers. She rubbed them with motion fast enough to start a fire. It didn’t begin one, but it fed one. Karen opened her mouth in a gasp and Sasha ran her tongue into it. Karen revealed her excitement by sucking on it. Sasha could feel Karen’s skin grow hot and damp as her blond paramour’s heat rose.

Sasha pulled her lips from Karen. “Damn, you taste sweet and kiss so good. I could do this all night.”

“Mmm,” was the reply, “so could I.”

“There’s lots more to do than kiss,” and Sasha rose to her knees. Keeping her left hand playing with Karen’s luxuriant tit, she reached back and pulled the blue skirt up, revealing the full cheeks of her quarry’s ass.

Under her dress Karen was wearing a black garter belt to hold up the dark stockings she was wearing. The panties were also black, of a translucent fabric barely hiding the blond’s fair skin. They were tied at the sides over the garters.

Keeping her left hand working, Sasha petted her way across the right buttock until she reached the knot on that side. With a deft motion, she untied it. Mirroring the action leftward, Sasha loosened the other knot. She grabbed the back half of the delicate garb and pulled it gently away. The material ran lightly over the wet lips of Karen’s cunt, sending tendrils of passionate hunger rippling through the blond’s body.

Sasha threw the moist piece of attire away and placed her fingers between the brimming bottom of her bed mate. She gently stroked the small ring of muscle there.

Karen groaned in response. “Sexy,” came whispering from her lips.

Moving her hand downward, Sasha fondled further. Karen’s hips rose from the futon as satiny fingers ran over the sensitive skin between asshole and vagina. As Sasha reached the golden haired woman’s dripping cunt, she fondled the puffy lips and hard clit she found there.

With deep sobs, Karen let her swarthy lover know how much this play affected her.

Stiffening her centre finger, Sasha pushed it into Karen. The little woman felt her partner’s body convulse at the maddening penetration. Pumping the finger in and out at a leisurely pace, Sasha pushed Karen towards the edge.

“Jesus!” exclaimed Karen. “So good, so good. Work me. Push that finger in me.” She groaned and shivered as a strong wave of heat ran through her. “I love it! Don’t stop.”

Sasha showed she had no intention of stopping by adding another finger and increasing the speed of her scouring. She could feel the muscles of Karen’s cunt palpitating under the relentless motion.
