 First to Terry thank you so much for taking the time to make my work worth reading. We all know I needed it.

Ripley thank you so much for opening my mind to some different things. 

Jane Doe your writing is amazing!

Please take note!

The text in this story contains erotic material, including very graphic descriptions of consensual sexual acts, especially between a 21 year old and older women it's expressly written for adults only.

If you are an underage minor -or- offended by such material -or- if viewing this file is illegal in your locality, then leave, close or delete this file-story now.

This is a work of fiction, any resemblance to persons living, dead or otherwise is purely coincidental, etc. This is a fantasy, an entertaining fiction, bondage play and golden showers even in the shower or in the real world must be safe, sane and consensual between informed adults.

*****

More Saturday morning...

"Good morning my little Jilly. How was your run?"

"It was great, thank you for asking Mistress."

I say that with a giggle, because I'm 5'10" and you're like 5'6". I put breakfast down on your nightstand.

"Thank you; Jill, go into my closet, I have a present for you in there. Oh, Jill this is really good."

"I'm glad you like it Mistress."

Opening the closet, I see a little black dress hanging up. I turn on the light and take a better look. I smile thinking wow there is not much to this dress its from Bebe, with two very little straps and a really low neckline. It's a good thing I'm a 34b because this dress has almost no support. Looking at the back if you can call it that, its open with a V back. Its super short, I pretty sure you had it tailored, I wonder just how shot it will be on me. 

"Oh my goodness, that's really pretty, thank you so much Mistress," saying that as I move toward you to give you a hug. You put your arm around me and kiss my cheek. "Are we going to a formal event tonight?" Outside the bedroom door we both hear the sound of little feet making their way downstairs. "They must have smelled the bacon," I think to myself.

"Yes we are going to a party at a friend's tonight. She does this a few times a year - it's called the after 8:00 party. It is not a kinky party. You will be on your best behavior. You will look amazing. If anyone asks I don't want you to lie about our relationship, since we will be together most of the night I will do all the talking. Slowly I'll start telling our friends that we are trying something different in our relationship but not tonight. Jilly, why don't you go and check on them, and meet me in the shower in about 15 minutes. I must have made a face as you said that, because now I know your husband was inside you. Otherwise I would have been between your legs bringing you to your first orgasm of the day. I know it's very rare for him to bring you to orgasm. It sort of hurts my feelings and makes me jealous all at the same time. It also didn't help that tonight I am not allowed to tell anyone about us. Understanding that you want to out yourself on your terms makes that easer to take. At least I get to meet some of your friends. I find a t-shirt and put it on. I know my expression and maybe my tone of voice changed as I say, "Sure Mistress, I can do a little house keeping as well."

Making my way downstairs as a tear rolls down my cheek, I take a minute to wipe my eyes. I can't let Junior & Julia see me crying. Wiping my eyes on my t-shirt, I get downstairs. They (Junior and Julia) are sitting in the living room watching TV.

"Jill, the breakfast is awesome," Junior says as he sees me in the kitchen - I get the orange juice from the fridge and carry it with me into the living room.

"Jill, thank you for breakfast, it's really yummy."

"Thank you Julia," I say with a smile, they are wonderful. The fact that I am upset should not effect how I am with them. My living here has been explained to them pretty simply. Jill is here to help around the house and to be a special friend to their Mom. They know we both love each other and for them that's pretty much all they need to know.

"You know, when I was your age, I was not allowed to eat in my parents' living room."

"Lucky for us, Mom and Dad don't mind as long as we don't make a mess."

"What, you two making a mess, that never happens," I giggle as I say that, refilling their orange juice. I find it interesting that right now I am talking to them and pouring orange juice and in about twenty minutes I'll be on my knees, with their Mother pissing in my mouth. Hearing the water running upstairs, I know you have gotten into the shower. I hope you use up most of the hot water; you always take such hot showers. If they only knew, on second thoughts maybe it's better they don't. I find the Swiffer and use it to clean the hardwood floors in the kitchen and the living room. I do some picking up as I go. Looking up at the clock, I know it's time to get back upstairs.

"You two have a good morning, your Mom told me last night that Roxana will be here to watch you later this morning. She wants to show me around campus before classes start."

They don't reply but I am already climbing up the stairs; the jealousy and a little bit of anger are making me want to please you even more. I close and lock the bedroom door. I pull my top off, then my sports bra, then my shorts and finally your dirty panties, all sweaty from my run; silk is not the best fabric to run in on hot days, well really any days. Moving into the bathroom I say, "Hello Mistress."

"Mmmmm Jilly, get in here."

"Yes Mistress."

The bathroom is pretty steamy, and warm. I open the shower door and join you. The shower stall is not super big, just right for two, with just one showerhead. Moving to kiss you, "Hello there," I say as I kiss you, feeling your hand moving to cup my bottom. You kiss me back, our tongues dancing together. You whisper to me, "Jilly, last night was amazing, and tonight is our date night. We will go and have a light dinner beforehand, I don't want you to eat too much, we will go to the party and say hello, I will introduce you to a few people, other couples, our friends. If there is dancing we might have a slow dance together, that might get them wondering. Jilly, I want them wondering, not asking, for now. The children are going to my parents' and my husband is leaving for his business trip early, so tonight we will have the house to ourselves and we are going to need it. When you got here you offered me something and tonight I am going to take it."

I'm pretty sure you're talking about my anal virginity; my first night with you I told you that nothing had ever been in my bottom and I offered it to you. You wanted to wait and make it special. It sounds like that will be tonight. That makes me very excited and very nervous. Your hand on my chin snaps me back to the here and now.

"Now Jilly, I have to punish you, I saw your expression and your tone changed with me. Yes, my husband made love to me this morning while you were running. That's part of the relationship, and you know that (you're squeezing my chin as you say this). Jilly, our relationship only works because my husband is okay with it. He is very fond of you because you make me happy. Making me happy in turn makes everyone's life around here easer. I love him and nothing is going to change that. So there is always going to be lovemaking and there will always be nights when you are not invited to sleep in my bed. I know it bothers you and it should. I also know it makes you more eager and I also like that. The bad news is you're going to have to take the crop when we get out of the shower, five strokes. Now get on your knees and beg for my pee."

Feeling your hand on my shoulders as you push me down, I go to my knees and look up to you.

"Mistress, please, please piss on me, please. I have been thinking about the taste of your piss all morning, I'm so thirsty for it, please let me drink it down."

Thinking to myself this is how every morning is going to start for us, me on my knees begging to be peed on. Gosh just the thought of it makes me so wet, to be able to show my submission in such a pure form. When we talked about it, you were not sure how you felt about it. I told you in my mind it's the ultimate act of submission, and I was willing to do it for you and with you. Part of me is sort of excited to know that I was able to convince you to actually do it. The other part of me wonders just how you feel about it. We have not had a chance to talk about it since yesterday - our first time.

"That's it, Jilly."

Your hands are in my hair, guiding my mouth to just the right spot, the warm water is running down our bodies, I open my mouth, knowing it's about to happen. You agreed to do this only in the shower, you told me it's the only place you felt comfortable doing it, because of the running water.

"Are you ready, Jilly?"

Moaning into you, I feel you adjust your body and you sort of relax your body, as your golden urine starts to flow. This time is not like yesterday, yesterday you were drinking water all morning, today the taste is much more pungent. It surprises me, but I don't pull away. You also don't turn away or stop. You just let it flow, hard and fast into my mouth. It tastes very bitter. In my mind it tastes like two-week-old uncapped yellow Listerine. Having never tasted yellow Listerine, I can only guess. I breathe through my nose and try to drink all of your pee. Before too long your driving stream slows to a trickle. Once I'm sure you are finished, I start licking you clean.

"That's it Jilly, my 21 year old little piss whore, lick me clean, lick my piss up. Then use your tongue and fingers to make me cum on your face. You're such a little dirty piss slut; it's okay for you to like it."

Pulling my head back and looking up at you, "Yes, Mistress, I love drinking your piss, it was all I could think about on my run."

"Good little girl, Jilly."

Bringing my mouth back to your slit and licking you up and down, my left hand moving up your leg, to your cunny, my tongue finds your clit, and twirls around it. One of my fingers moves inside your wet vagina, then a second slips inside you. I start moving them in and out of you, not too fast. Knowing that moving them too fast makes you think of your husband, always too eager to get off. My lips press down on your clit and I hear you moan, as I push my tongue onto it. I feel your hands in my hair, pushing my face into you, your hips working in time with my tongue and my fingers - pushing them into you deep, it's so easy because you are so wet.

"Jill, that's it, right there, don't stop, do not stop, it's going to happen. Oh, that's it you tart, you fucking tart, Momma deserves this."

In my mind I am thinking Momma does deserve this, such an amazing woman to offer to take me in and guide me in my submission, and to help a girl with all the problems I have. To become a proper woman, maybe a dirty submissive, but at least I have learned to embrace it. Before this I would just lose myself in partying, always afraid to address the true issue. The truth is that I am a submissive, maybe not in the chains and whips fashion, not that chains and whips are a bad idea. My idea of submission is servitude and pleasing. If cleaning the house or making dinner turns me on as much as showering with you, is that such a bad thing? Okay maybe not as much as showering with you but the idea of me as a domestic does excite me.

Your hands push my face into you even more, with the water and the force of your hands it is difficult to breathe, but your whole body is shaking so I know you are enjoying this. I'm loving the fact that it's me who makes you cum, not your husband. Feeling your hands releasing my hair, knowing just how super sensitive your clit is right after you cum, I move away from it and slide my fingers out from inside you. Looking up at you, you move your hands to my cheeks and say, "My goodness my little Jilly, you make me cum like no other person can. Now it's time for my bottom to get some attention."

You turn around and now there is nothing to block the water from the showerhead as you bend over. I open your bottom with my hands and start kissing it. Taking my time with each cheek, then moving to your crack, I lick it up and down before focusing on your rosebud. Kissing at it as the water runs down it and into my mouth and down my chin, I push my tongue inside your ass; you mostly taste like soap but as I push my tongue deeper there is a tinge of something else. I know what that something else is, but I don't think about it. Right now bringing you to another orgasm is my only thought. My hands holding your bottom open, I feel you reach back with your left hand to push my face into you further.

"Come on Jilly, lick that asshole - lick it, lick it and love every bit of it. You piss drinking ass licking and loving tart. Get that tongue in there, get it in there good. That's it, you fucking dirty, dirty little girl!"

As you say that you push my face into your bottom even more, your hips moving in time with my tongue. Then you thrust back. That catches me off guard but with your hand pushing my face between your cheeks there is nowhere for me to go. I feel you shiver and arch your back as you cum for a second time in less than 15 minutes.

You stand up and help me up, I smile at you and you kiss my nose.

"That was wonderful Jilly, you have the most talented tongue."

I stand back as you wash the shampoo out of your hair.

"Jilly, finish up in here, and meet me back in the bedroom, brush your teeth but don't dry yourself off. When you get out, don't say a word to me, just lay across the bed, and make sure you spread your legs wide for me. I am not going to bind you but I will have to gag you, we can't let you scream too loud just now."

"Yes Mistress, I understand."

You step out of the shower, getting the shampoo and washing my hair, before I put the conditioner in my hair. Then I get the shaving gel and shave my legs, then my pits, and lastly my cunny, I am so wet, so excited but I know better than to pleasure myself, for one thing I know that after my cropping you will make me cum and you want me to associate pain with pleasure. To be honest, the crop scares me, you have only used it twice on me and the first time really didn't count. You gave me 3 really light taps, just so I sort of know how it would feel. The second time was a similar situation, I knew your husband had been with you and I just sort of got all quiet with you and well, you didn't like that. You gave me 5 really hard ones - that time I was bound. You also know that I enjoy an open handed spanking too much for it to be considered a punishment. The crop hurts far more than the ping-pong paddle. The other reason I don't pleasure myself is that in addition to all the nice clothes hanging in my closet there is a chastity belt, you have told me a few times if you ever catch me doing that, I will have to wear it for one week. It's a pretty scary looking thing made of stainless steel and leather. I have never tried it on for fear of it locking and me having to ask you to take it off. I finish with my hair, rinse my body off, and step out of the shower, going to the sink to brush my teeth. Thinking to myself, "I guess she didn't want to taste her own ass on me."

Coming out of the bathroom I see you sitting in your chair in a light pink silk robe, you point to the bed and I see your dirty panties I wore on my run balled up on the bed - they are still soaked with my sweat and excitement. I pick them up and hand them to you. You ball them up and push them into my mouth.

"Jilly, now get on the bed, spread your legs as best you can, and do not move."

Doing as you told me I lay over the bed, you must have made it while I was in the shower. I hear you turning on a fan. A little white noise might be a good idea. I also might not hear it coming. My gosh, I can feel my juices running down my leg - why does this make me so excited? I feel your hand caressing my bottom now, soft and gentle, giving me goose bumps; I have learned from you that it also makes the area more sensitive. Then something cold - it makes me jump.

"Jilly, don't move, it's baby oil, it's going to make your bottom so nice and shiny, it will also make the crop sting a little more. Do not move!"

I hold still and brace for what's next, I don't hear the crop coming because of the fan; I do hear the slap well before I feel the sting. The sting is worse than I remember, much worse, right at the bottom of my bottom. Off in the distance I hear you say.

"That's one, good girl, Jilly, now don't you move."

Again I don't hear the whoosh of the crop, but this slap sounds louder than a gunshot. I have to fight with my body not to jump. This time you got me right at like the top of my bottom, right before the small of my back. I hold still - this one was even harder than the last, I don't know how that can be but it is. The sting is so bad, once when I was a kid I got stung by like 4 bees all at once on my left shoulder; I remember that hurting so bad that I never let another bee sting me ever. This is worse; I am going to have to get better at controlling my emotions.

"That's number two Jilly."

I hold still and just wait, but nothing comes, then I feel your body against my back, the cool of your robe, and the sort of mushiness of your 37 year old, having 2 children breasts. I moan, not really sure what's going on.

"That's it Jilly, it's okay, you did so good not moving, I am not going to give you any more, you're such a brave little girl Jill. You have made me so proud, now I'm going to make you cum. While I'm doing this I want you to think about me taking your anal virginity later tonight. After we have lunch and I show you around campus I want us to pick out a new Feeldoe just for your bottom, now just relax and cum for your Mistress."

As I feel your hands caressing my bottom, my mind goes back to our shower, and how excited I became while you were peeing into my mouth. I wonder is it normal to feel like that, to be so turned on by such debasement, my gosh I was on my knees begging you to piss into my mouth, and I liked it, it turned me on in a huge way. Thinking about it I have never been this excited, the only thing I am more excited about is the thought of you taking my bottom tonight. My gosh maybe I am really just a slut.

I feel your right hand slide down my spine, I notice you didn't put any of that gel on my bottom, I guess you stopping at two means I don't get it, as your hand makes it to my dripping cunny, I moan into my panty gag. I feel first one finger inside me then a second, moving in and out. After a few thrusts I feel a third, knowing you're going to get your whole hand inside me. I take a deep breath, smelling both my sex and your sex in the dirty panties in my mouth. It reminds me what you taste like after we have both gone down on each other. I feel your left hand on my left shoulder, right where the bees stung me when I was twelve. As you push me toward your hand I feel a fourth finger inside me. Then you turn your hand and your thumb slips inside me. I can feel your whole hand and part of your wrist inside me, then I can feel pressure on my cervix - more pain and pleasure. I am moaning and my hips are working with your hand. I can feel you slowly wiggling it and turning it inside me. It's not going to take much for me to be pushed over the edge. My hips are going wild now and my whole body goes tense. I can feel my vaginal muscles, so tight on your hand that for a few seconds you can't really move it as I moan into the panty gag.

Feeling your whole hand inside my body, I am so full, I don't know how you're able to do this, your hand is inside me up to your arm. Whenever you push me onto your hand I feel you pushing my cervix. When you do that it's almost like getting flicked in the clit really hard, or maybe diving for a ball and landing on my tummy and not being ready for it. It hurts, it feels like the wind is being knocked out of me - almost hard to breath when you do it but it turns me on in a very strange way. I am not trying to fight this orgasm, I want and need it. I have not had one since last night and you have me so very worked up. It's like your fucking me with your whole hand
