 **This story contains bisexual-male themes, though the content is lesbian. You've been warned.**

Erotic spasms shook through her body. She was grinding and yearning against naked male forms, her body slick all over with sweat and her own juices. They were pressed against her; an arm wrapped around, a hard chest, cocks sliding against her torso, jabbing her ass. She licked cum off her lips as her hand reached down, feeling the hot, inflamed wetness. Her hand moved violently, sliding between her thighs, reaching in, reaching down to touch her own ass...

Lana woke with a start to see the sun shining in through the open window. Her bed sheets were rumpled, and the air smelled of pussy. She shifted, only to realize her hand was between her legs. "Ohh..." she cupped her sex, feeling the heat coming off of it. It felt heavy, hungry even, and wet. She flexed her legs and felt the greasiness sliding between her cheeks.

She squeezed down on it. "Mmmm..." She felt the sun on her bare chest.

No, there was too much to do today. She threw herself out of bed and jumped into the shower. The scent of her arousal was slowly washing away, but each time the soap reached her pussy it sent aching tingles up her stomach.

"Oh my god," she said staring into the mirror, "How much did you masturbate last night, girl?" Her entire mons was swollen and red, her inner lips obscenely inflamed. A hint of liquid was beginning to suggest itself.

She got dressed, and made breakfast. The panties were too tight, they kept digging in against her. While the bagel was toasting she took them off, her pants should be loose enough. Then she moved to the computer, coffee mug in hand, and loaded up her word processor. She needed to write that essay.

Fifteen minutes later the screen was still blank when the phone rang.

She jumped, "Hello?"

"Where were you last night?"

"Brie -- oh jeez, your birthday-"

"Yeah, everybody else was there but you and Sam. What happened to you two?"

"Oh..." her mind flashed back to last night. After what happened at the gym she'd been left with an intoxicated haze. She felt in her pocket and pulled out the paper. Dan had written down his phone number before leaving. "I'm so sorry Brie, last night... the craziest thing happened last night."

"What was it?"

Lana bit her lip, wondering if she should tell the woman. "Well... Sam and I met a guy at the gym. In the sauna after our workout. We met this straight guy. Except Sam and him..."

"What are you talking about?"

She took in a breath, " I watched Sam go down on him in the Sauna, and-"

Brie laughed, "Wow, seriously? Okay, get over here and tell me all about it."

"But-"

"Just come over here, I don't want you to tell me over the phone. I still have some ice cream cake left."

Lana was sucking hard enough on her lip to taste blood. Her heart was beating heavily in her chest. "...okay."

A fever took over, speckling her chest. She put on a hat and grabbed her purse, her shirt was stroking across her nipples. A heady throb took over her sex on the elevator ride down. By the time she reached the bus stop the air seemed to smell of sex, but it might have been imaginary.

Just the thought of telling Brie about it, of admitting what had happened last night, brought all the memories flooding back. A mischievous, nervous energy was working through her limbs as she got on the bus and inserted the token. She wondered if the other passengers would notice.

Nobody spared her a second glance as she took her seat along the aisle, and despite her heightened pulse she tried to remain composed. She pulled a book out of her purse and tried to read, but the images that kept flashing through her mind wouldn't let her concentrate. She glanced up at the other patrons, none of whom seemed to be looking at her, and gave in to a sudden urge.

She slouched back in her seat, sliding her ass forward and splaying her legs for them to see. The seam of her pants tightened. With no panties on the material chafed against her, pulling down into the split of her sex and digging against her asshole, right where Dan had touched her the night before... Her heart moved up a tempo and she bit down on her tongue as a gentle flow of fluid released and absorbed into the material. She was certain now that the scent enveloping her wasn't her own imagination. Each bump of the ride dug the seam in deeper, swelling her, making her mound strain against the fabric.

By the time she arrived the boy across from her had noticed her shameless display. His glances, and the bulge showing in his jeans only made her crotch feel more inflamed.

"Come on in!" came the response to her knock. Brie was just shutting down an application on her computer. She was slightly taller than Lana, with a square-shouldered build under an oxford style shirt, and pert C sized breasts. She kept her hair short in a boyish cut. "Hey Lana. Let me get us a couple slices, then I want you to tell me all about it."

Lana sat down on the couch, legs together now, accepting the plate of ice cream cake that Brie brought her. After a couple of prodding questions she found the story's feet, reliving in her mind's eye everything that had happened.

"Oh, wow..." Brie said once she'd finished, leaning back in her computer chair with a distant look in her eyes. "That's hot. Now I'm wishing I'd been there..."

Lana broke her reverie and glanced up at the other woman. "Oh my god, Brie, this is turning you on!"

"Of course it is. Guy on guy action? That shit is hot."

Lana barked a nervous laugh, using her fork to slice off a bit of cake. "Since when do you like the cock-and-balls?"

"Since that girl I was seeing, Trish." She looked cutely embarrassed, but unashamed. "The first time we watched porn together, she brought over an all-male orgy video. I'd never seen anything like it before. I mean -- I don't usually get turned on watching guys, but when you see one getting dominated like that... it was just so fucking hot." She glanced down for a moment, a blush rising on her cheeks. "I still have that video on my computer, actually. I was just watching it before you arrived."

"Haha, no way! I want to see it!"

Brie grinned rakishly, "Are you sure?"

"Yes I'm sure, put it on!"

She bit her lip and went over to the monitor. After a couple of clicks the movie player popped up and started playing. The scene started out in a club, with the dancers on stage being stripped of their clothing and used by the audience. Bit by bit all of them were losing their clothing, and soon the camera was overtaken with the tan glow of hard shoulders and tight asses.

"I just love this," said Brie. "Look at how horny all of them are. Oh yeah, suck that cock you fucking faggot! Yeah, look at him deepthroat Lana! He fucking loves sucking it!"

Her mouth was hanging open in disbelief at the language. Brie seemed relaxed, leaning back in her chair with one leg tucked under the other, but Lana's whole body was a knot of tension. She grasped her pant's waistline, pulling it into her. She had to suppress a sigh as another pulse of wetness leaked out.

"This is where it really gets good." One of the men was bent over, filling the screen with the hard curve of his ass. His cock could just be made out, jutting out behind the bulge of his scrotum, and his cute, tight asshole seemed to fill up the display. Suddenly another cock appeared on screen, its tip pressing against his hole. "Yeah, take it," said Brie. A couple of hands grasped the bent over man by the hips, and with a push the cock slid all the way in, stretching him. "Fuck, yeah! Take that cock!"

Lana pushed her hips forward, grinding her pants deeper into her asshole. "Oh my god... Brie, you like that?"

"Are you kidding? I love seeing assholes get fucked! It's especially sexy when it's guys!"

Lana's thoughts went back to Dan's thumb last night. Her chest was feeling flushed, and her ass was feeling sticky. The same lewd urge she'd had on the bus came over her then. She didn't want to give Brie the wrong impression, but her pussy -- not just her pussy, but her ass too, she realized -- was throbbing and wet, and begging to be put on display. Moving silently she opened up her legs and slid forward. If not for her pants her pussy would have been spread open to the world and her asshole would have been peeking out over the cushion. "I didn't know lesbians were into anal."

"Well yeah, of course I am -- wait, Lana," she swivelled her chair around, her eyes only flicking down for a second at what must be a visible wet spot, "are you telling me you've never done anal before?"

"No -- at least, not until last night." She glanced down and found herself staring at the crotch of Brie's jeans. "I was riding Dan's hand, and -- and his thumb slipped into my ass, that's when I came."

"Wow..." Lana looked up only to find that Brie's eyes were locked on her pussy. "You're soaked through, Lana."

"I -- oh my god," she leaned forward, suddenly ashamed, "I don't-"

"No, Lana, don't worry about it. I know you're straight." Brie grabbed her shoulder and looked her in the eyes, "But what happened to you last night was hot as hell, and this video's not helping, either. My panties are a puddle -- I can just imagine what yours are like right now." She glanced sideways and pulled back, "I'm just shocked that you've never tried anal before."

Lana realized it wasn't just her pussy that she was smelling anymore. Brie was scenting the air too, both their aromas intertwining. A nervous shudder went up her spine. "I... I didn't know it felt so good until now. Do you do it with all your girlfriends?"

"Jesus, Lana," she crossed her legs in her chair, the jeans forming a raised tent over where her vagina must be leaking, "I even do it to myself when I'm masturbating. You come is so much harder when you have something in your ass..." She bit her lip for a moment and looked at her again. "Do you want me to show you?"

A heavy lustful fog had filled Lana's vision. The video was still playing, and she kept thinking about last night. The thought of Brie displaying herself like that was just too much to bear. "Yes," she breathed hoarsely.

Now Brie was panting too. "Okay," she said, "wait right here." She disappeared into her bedroom. She came out a moment later with a duffle bag, wearing nothing but her unbuttoned shirt. With her head down and her cheeks flushed, she looked almost as nervous as Lana felt. Her tiny, dark brown nipples kept peeking out. She put the bag down on the coffee table, then pushed the chair around so that it was facing Lana. Her eyes flicked up and she bit her lip.

She sat down on the edge of the chair, and leaned back. As she put one leg up on the sofa's arm rest she blossomed open; a pair of heavy, dark lips coming down from a huge, pinky-sized clit, bright pink and pushing back on the hood. Her hole was glistening, and Lana could see how far the wetness had spread; dripping shafts ran down both her legs. Putting her other foot up on the seat cushion, she grabbed the armrests and scooted her hips forward, her shirt falling open, muscles rippling under her skin. Now everything was on display -- her pussy's wetness had gone all the way down between her ass cheeks, and as they opened a sticky line spread between them, falling into the crevice until it hit her dark, puckered hole.

Brie was still shy, her eyes staring down at her own body, panting. Lana could barely tear her eyes away from her sex -- she'd never seen a pussy up close before, and hadn't expected it to look so open and primal. Between breaths she forced herself to look up. "You have a really pretty vagina, Brie."

"Thank you."

Brie reached over to the bag, and started speaking, her voice more girlish than before. "The first thing you need to do is get really turned on," she pulled out a slim vibrator, "you already know that I'm really turned on," she stroked a finger along her hole, shuddering, eyes closed, "but normally it takes a while to get there. You want to play with yourself until you get really hot down there, until everything's heavy and opened up, until..." she touched her finger to her lips, tasting herself, letting out a soft moan.

A haggard breath shot through Lana.

Brie pulled her hand away, eyes opening, cheeks turning bright.

"No, keep going!" A hungry sort of energy had entered her voice. Brie's eyes softened, and looked down at the wet spot growing on the woman's pants. Her tongue rubbed against the back of her teeth while Lana rubbed her hand down her stomach, stopping at the top of her mons and pushing down. "What do you do next?"

"First we need to get the toy wet," she brought it down to her pussy, placing it against her hole. It slid in without resistance, making her sigh out softly while her eyes stayed locked on Lana's groin. She turned the dial on the end, and a soft humming started. "Mmm..." she slid it in and out slowly, with each pass it pulled at her lips, "It's probably wet enough already... but I like teasing myself. This feels really good Lana."

"It looks really good, Brie."

"Mmm..." Brie leaned her head back, a small smile playing on her face. Lana felt hypnotized by the sight. The wide open pussy tugged on each stroke. She could see Brie's inner muscles clamping down each time it went in, and a light trickle of fluid each time she pulled out. Soon a small puddle had formed on the surface of the chair.

"Okay..." she finally looked up, "This is feeling really good but I should probably keep going," she pulled the vibrator out, slick with her juices. "I feel so hot down there, Lana -- everything's relaxed, my pussy's wide open, and my ass is already tingling. Sometimes I use lube, but I'm so wet right now -- oh jeez, Lana, just look at how wet I am -- ah!" Her asshole clenched as she touched the tip to it, and her back arched, "Ah! It feels amazing! I'm so fucking wet down there, and so hungry for it -- do you want to push it in for me?"

Lana had begun pressing down on her pussy in rhythmic pulses. "I don't want to hurt you..."

"You won't -- just push it in me!"

Lana leaned forward -- mouth open, pussy aching -- Brie had the toy balanced against her hole, but she was holding it gently, not using any force. She let it go as Lana grasped it. A steady milky stream was leaking down from her pussy, running down the toy and over Lana's finger tips, scenting the area with a heady perfume. Brie was breathing in shuddering breaths, her ass clenching at each intake. Lana pressed forward with the toy -- the puckered hole opened and expanded as the toy slid into her.

"Ga-ah...! Hold it there, just hold it in me!" Lana's eyes were locked on Brie's vagina. As soon as the toy had entered her it had started pulsing, opening up wide enough for her to see inside before tightening down and squeezing out more juice. Brie was rummaging desperately about in her bag with one hand. She found what she was looking for and pulled it out -- a long black dildo that was at least an inch and a half in diameter.

"I told you it felt good, didn't I? Oh, wow... can you see what my cunt is doing? Tell me what it's doing."

She'd started sucking on the end of the dildo after asking the question.

"It's... it's pulsing and squeezing, Brie. Your juice is squirting everywhere."

"Mm-hmm?" she pulled the dildo out of her mouth for a moment, "can you see inside of me?"

"Yes -- a little bit."

"Mmm -- quick, turn the vibrator up all the way."

Lana grasped the dial and turned it all the way right.

"Aieee!" Brie shrieked and bit down on the dildo, her pussy sucking wide open. Lana was entranced -- Brie's interior was smooth and velvety pink, she could even see the hint of her cervix further back. Somehow her friend was able to hold it open. Moving slowly, eyes slitted and dreamy, Brie reached down with the dildo and buried it in herself, stretching her pussy even wider.

A shudder went through Lana. "Oh -- My -- God!" a mini-orgasm ripped through her body, and she felt a gush of fluid. Both her hands squeezed down on her pussy, as her legs crushed together. "Oh my god Brie -- oh my god, you're so filled up."

"My ass feels so good, too..."

An orgasmic shudder was running through Lana's body, her jaw trembling. She was unable to move as she watched the vibrator slowly sliding out of Brie's ass.

"Ah!" It popped out and Brie arched her back, her asshole puckering tight. "Oh fuck, I need more." Lana watched in disbelief as she struggled out of the chair, pushing it back. She stood, bow legged from the massive dildo, and started looking through the bag for something else.

"Oh god Brie, the other one -- it's coming out too..."

Her ass muscles kept clenching as she stood there. Each time they released the dildo would slide a little bit out. Suddenly she bent over and spread her legs wide. A look of concentration was knit across her face as the toy popped out and bounced across the floor.

"Fuck -- fuck -- fuck -- fuck!" Lana was overcome with lust, one hand desperately grinding at her pussy as the other desperately worked at undoing her pants button.

"This is what I was looking for," Brie held up a cone-shaped buttplug and a bottle of lube, "this is what I need." She lubed it up and placed it on the corner of the coffee table. "Lana-" she'd perched her asshole above the toy, leaning back to grasp the table with outstretched arms. The blonde was masturbating furiously, with a lost, lustful look in her eyes, "-show me your pussy while I do this."

Out of her mind and out of control, Lana didn't know what she was doing, or where this was going -- she grabbed at her pants, pulling them down while Brie watched her, gently bouncing on tip of the butt plug. Her clit throbbed each time she saw the woman's asshole expand to take it, going a little bit further each time. Finally, her pants were off, and her shirt too.

She hooked her elbows behind her knees, spreading them, then grabbed her ass cheeks and pulled them apart. "Do I look as good as you when I do this?"

Brie's jaw was hanging open, speechless. Long strings of fluid were dripping down from her pussy onto the table. She leaned forward, putting her hands on her knee. "Watch what I'm about to do, Lana."

A pained expression crossed her face as she pressed her weight back -- and with a hard thrust she slid the butt plug all the way inside her. A heavy moan escaped Lana as Brie's face knit in a rictus of sexual agony.

For several seconds she didn't move, riding the high. As she slowly looked down a hungry look had overtaken her eyes.

Lana felt small, and vulnerable, and wanton all at the same time. "Are you going to fuck me in the ass now?"

Brie picked the vibrator up off the floor and stood in front of Lana, legs spread. She started sucking on it, cleaning it off and wetting it again, as her other hand held her pussy wide, stroking her cilt. Lana had four fingers buried in herself as she watched, her other hand strumming. The base of the butt plug hung down obscenely between the woman's legs, and the bulge of it could be made out through her swollen pussy.

"Oh god, you're sucking on it after it was just in your own ass... are you going to put it in me now?"

Brie didn't say anything. A fire was burning in her eyes as she knelt down, and grabbed the back of Lana's knees, vibrator still in hand. She leaned her head down, and-

"Oh my god, you're eating me out -- a woman's eating me out -- ah!" Brie slid her tongue up her pussy, feeling the muscles clamping down. She sucked hungrily at it, lapping up all the juices -- then she moved further down. "Gah! You're sucking on my -- ohh.... -- your tongue is -- ahh... -- no one's ever -- Oh, oh, "Oh, Brie!"

She pulled back for a moment, admiring the pink, swollen mess in front of her. Lana could see her other hand levering hard, in and out of her own pussy. Then, after giving it one more suck for wetness, she took the vibrator and slid it.
