 Kaylee had Erika show up Saturday night at 6:00. Her instructions were simple...show up at 6:00 p.m sharp, ready to be used. Erika arrived at her place a few minutes before 6:00 and as soon as she was let inside she felt Kaylee's hands were all over her body, touching her, rubbing up her thighs and under her skirt to cup her pussy, squeezing her ass, sliding up to squeeze and fondle her boobs, leaving her breathless at the quick assault. They kissed, their tongues twirling around probing each others' mouths. Then continued kissing, with Kaylee's hands never leaving Erika's body, pulling her clothes off as she led her back to the bedroom. 

Quickly, Kaylee pushed Erika down onto the bed and quickly got down to her knees, moving her mouth between her legs and burying her face in Erika's already soaked pussy. She started to lick, her tongue darting around over Erika's clit and pussy and then pushing deep inside. Erika just laid back, feeling Kaylee's tongue working in and out of her and her hands roaming up over her body as she licked faster and harder. In no time, Erika was moaning loudly, her legs wrapped around Kaylee's head and her hands moving over her own boobs, squeezing and tugging at her nipples then sliding down to Kaylee's hair pressing her face harder to her pussy and then moving back up to play with her nipples again. 

Just as Erika felt herself getting close to cumming hard, her body tensing and starting to build towards an intense orgasm, Kaylee stopped, pulling her head back as she rocked back and grinned wickedly, watched Erika squirm. Erika continued to moan and buck her hips and her hands slowly drifted down between her legs where she so badly wanted to fuck herself and cum. The second she touched her pussy though, Kaylee pushed her hands away.

"Uh uh little bunny" She said firmly. "You need to stop. No orgasms until I've given you permission, understood?" As bad as Erika wanted it and needed it, she nodded and obeyed, moving her hands away and trying to catch her breath a bit.

As Erika lay there collecting herself and calming down, Kaylee quickly removed her own clothes and climbed up onto the bed. Before Erika knew it Kaylee was on top of her, straddling her head and lowering her pussy quickly down onto Erika's helpless waiting face. Falling into submission, Erika reached up and grabbed Kaylee's hips, her hands holding her tight as she obediently and hungrily started to lick. Kaylee shifted around as Erika continued to lick her, grinding her wet pussy down and coating her with her wetness. Erika moved her tongue quickly in and out, hitting all the spots she knew would drive her wild, fucking Kaylee hard and fast with her tongue, moving up to nibble and suck on her clit. 

Before long, Erika could hear Kaylee moaning as she squirmed on top of her and she continued her assault on Kaylee's pussy, driving her tongue in and out. Kaylee's breathing quickened and she ground down harder, moaning louder. Sensing her Mistress getting closer, Erika licked faster, harder, moving her tongue in and out, circling her clit as she felt Kaylee start to tense and shudder on top of her and then heard her cry out loudly as she came hard. Her cum flooded over Erika's face as she continued to lick, trying to get every last drop. As Kaylee started to pull away Erika just held her hips tight and continued licking her, quickly pushing her back up to the brink of orgasm and then over as she came again hard. Erika's tongue kept working, licking as she came, moving hard in and out of her pussy. Following another intense orgasm, Kaylee did manage to pull away, leaving Erika licking her lips as she collapsed on the bed beside her. 

Kaylee got up slowly, her legs a little shaky as she went over to her closet and grabbed a bag, tossing it onto the bed next to Erika and telling her there was a gift there for her. Looking into the bag Erika found a tiny hot pink mini skirt and matching hot pink mesh tube top. Pulling out the tiny bits of clothing, Erika looked up at her Mistress and asked if she wanted her to put them on. Smiling, Kaylee looked down at her pet.

"Yes, but not quite yet. I need to hop in the shower and get myself ready. In the meantime, I want you to play with yourself. I know you're already nice and horny but I want you to get even more worked up and needy. And remember, bunny...no cumming without permission."

Erika started playing as she watched Kaylee head off to the shower. As worked up as she already was, it didn't take long before she was right at the edge and had to force herself to slow down and then stop. She listened to her Mistress in the shower, hearing the water going and picturing her wet, naked body as she tried to calm down a bit before she started playing again. Imagining it was Kaylee touching her, Erika began once more running her hands over her boobs and tweaking her nipples hard, sliding them down over her body to her soaked pussy, rubbing over her clit and slipping fingers inside. 

She went slow but steady, getting herself to a constant point of arousal, her body just reaching the edge, holding there as long as possible and then slowly backing away over and over. Moaning and writhing on the bed, she could only whimper in frustration as she forced herself to obey Mistress Kaylee's orders. As much as she wanted and needed to just keep going and make herself cum, she knew she wasn't allowed.

Kaylee seemed to take forever, first in the shower and then as she got ready for the night, making sure to take her time as she knew Erika would be barely holding on to keep herself from cumming. Finally exiting the bathroom, Kaylee went to check on her horny little pet. 

"How are you holding up bunny? No cumming I hope? Being good?" 

"Yes Mistress" Erika groaned..."I'm being a good dumb little bunny for you. No cumming."

"Mmmm good girl." Kaylee purred. "Don't worry, you'll be getting some release eventually."

Kaylee reached down and slid a finger along Erika's soaked pussy before shoving it in deep, fucking her slut hard and bringing her back to the edge of orgasm before laughing and going off to continue getting ready. By the time she finished and came back, Erika was a wet, needy wreck...desperately wanting to cum and begging her for release. Through a fog of hornyness, Erika looked up at her Mistress, gasped and moaned at how beautiful and sexy she looked. Erika wanted so badly for Kaylee to just take her right then, fuck her brains out, and make her cum over and over and over again. She smiled at the horny little slut. 

"You're a mess, slut. Get your butt in the shower and clean up a bit. I want you presentable for our company." 

Erika's mind raced as she processed the words, having no idea who the "company" was, what Kaylee meant and what she planned. She trusted her Mistress though so knew whatever it was, while it might be degrading and intense, she'd still be safe. 

Erika hurried off to the bathroom and showered, resisting the temptation to make herself cum as she stood under the hot water soaping up her body and gingerly cleaning her over-sensitive pussy. Once she was cleaned up again she came out and Kaylee handed her the outfit to dress. The skirt barely covered Erika's ass and pussy and her nipples were clearly visible through the mesh top. Kaylee looked Erika up and down slowly, having her turn around to give a full view. 

"You look great, cum bunny. Just like the dirty little slut you are."

"Thank you, Mistress" Erika meekly replied back, blushing but feeling her pussy pulse and get a bit wetter again. 

Next was makeup, with Kaylee directing Erika to apply it just right to complete her slut look. Then finally, Erika was instructed to move back to the bed and sit with her legs spread wide. 

"Start to tease that wet little pussy, slut. Finger yourself, rub that hard little clit. I want you as hot as you've ever been in your slutty little life."

Erika groaned, got into position, and started to play, her fingers moving expertly over her pussy quickly bringing her right back to the edge where she'd been so much already that night. As she started to play, Kaylee finally told her what the plans were for the night.

She was having a party, she said, with a bunch of her friends coming over to hang out for the night. It was Erika's job to be the entertainment. She said that Erika would stay in the bedroom playing and keeping herself on edge like a good little whore as everyone arrived. Once she felt most people were there, Kaylee would come and get her and introduce her to everyone. Erika would then put on a strip show for them all and give lapdances to anybody who wanted one. After the show, she would stay naked and be free to roam around the party, having fun and mingling, getting to know people. 

"But", Kaylee said. "You are to be available for use by anyone who wishes to use you and you will obey any orders you are given."

She said she'd explained the rules to everybody and they all knew what sort of party to expect, and also that she trusted them to use Erika properly and safely but that if at any time she felt unsafe she should use her safeword and Kaylee would quickly step in. 

Erika's mind was racing and her heart pounding as she imagined what was to come that night. She had no clue what to expect other than that she would be naked in front of everyone and likely be thoroughly and repeatedly used. She didn't know how many people her Mistress had invited or who any of them were other than that they were Kaylee's friends. She was scared, nervous as hell, and also insanely incredibly excited. Her pussy was soaked...and not only because she'd been teasing and playing with herself. She was feeling slutty and hot thinking about being used as just a party favor. 

As Erika continued to play with her pussy and keep herself worked up and on edge, she heard the doorbell ring. Kaylee smiled, bent down to give Erika a deep kiss and tweak one of her nipples, and said "Sit tight and be good pet. Keep playing with that pussy. I'll be back to get you."

"Yes Mistress," Erika moaned as she continued to rub and her mind continued to fill with all sorts of depraved scenarios.

Erika heard the bedroom door shut behind Kaylee and shortly after she could hear voices from the other room as she rubbed her pussy and waited to be used.