 "Let's go out for dinner!" I said to Carl as he walked in the door. "I'd like a good steak!"

"I don't have a problem with that! You buying?" he grinned.

"If I have to!"

We quickly got cleaned up and I had to decide on what to wear. It didn't take me long to make up my mind. I picked out something that was certainly off the wall for a quiet evening out. But then I had plans for after dinner and didn't want to have to change into something sexy when we got home.

Now, if you've never worn latex underwear, then you don't understand the difficulty getting it on. All it takes is a little powder and a lot of muscle, but well worth the effort. I chose a full brief panty, with rings on the front to hold a tool should I need it, and of course an open bust bra top to let the girls show a bit. 

After I got my undies on, I polished them up a bit and picked out a loose long black peasant skirt and a nearly see-through black top. After putting these on I looked in the mirror and thought it may be a bit Goth, but it was sexy. To finish it off, I put on my over-the knee black boots.

When I stepped from the closet, Carl gave a low whistle and said "You look good enough to eat!"

I just smiled and said "Dessert!"

He dressed a little more conservatively and we headed out the door. I drove my Beamer, top down to the little steakhouse in the country.

The parking lot was nearly full so I got out by the front door and made Carl find a parking spot. 

The owner of the restaurant was sitting outside near the door, and greeted me with a big smile. She is a very pretty woman, long black hair, and about my size. She does also have a set of world-class breasts, and they were cleaved nicely in her low cut dress.

I waited by the door with her until Carl got back. 

"You cold?" she asked.

The question seemed odd, until I got what she meant. My nipples were hard and even though the blouse wasn't totally sheer, they stood out prominently through the material.

I blushed, but managed to reply "Not cold at all!" Her attention caused my nipples to harden even more. They were now straining against the thin fabric of my top. I knew from experience that the same effect was happening at the lower end of my anatomy, also.

"What ARE you wearing under that top? She asked politely. "If I might ask?"

Blushing again I just showed her lifting my top enough to show her the shiny latex bra.

"Damn that's hot!" she said as Carl walked around the corner.

He didn't catch me, but it was close. 

"How are you, stranger?" Dana asked.

"Hungry!"

Carl opened the door for us, and we both walked in.

The bar area was packed but I managed to get a single seat at the end. Carl stood next to me and ordered me a Cosmo and himself a glass of cab.

"It'll be about thirty minutes or so, if you don't mind the wait." Dana said.

"We're just fine here. No rush!" Carl told her.

We started a conversation with the couple next to us to pass the time. I had started on my second Cosmo when Dana came back by.

"I hate to ask, but I need to pick up a bottle of this expensive scotch in town. Wouldn't you know it, we never sell much of it, and we've got a party eating that has just about drained the bottle. Could you possibly drive me?" she asked with a sheepish little grin.

"Give me the keys! I need to make a booze run."

I turned to Dana and said "I can handle it. You don't need to go with."

She just took my arm and replied 'Yah, I do. I need to get out of here for a few before they all drive me nuts!"

"I understand!" I said as we headed out the door.

I quickly found the Beamer and got in. Dana opened her door and slid in, her dress riding up to mid-thigh.

"Thanks for the peek!" I said. 

"Guess I deserved that crack, didn't I?" she laughed.

I backed out and we were soon out of the lot and headed down the highway to town. It is only a few miles so the trip in was fast. I pulled into the liquor store and stopped.

"I'll just be a minute!" she said as she got out.

While she was in getting the bottle of scotch, I got my little attachment out of my purse and fastened it to my panties. I fluffed my skirt a little so it wouldn't be noticeable. If I had to, I could cover it with my purse when I went back in the restaurant. Secretly, I hoped I would get to use it on her.

Thirty seconds later she was out the door and getting back in. I pulled out onto the highway and headed back to the restaurant.

"Thanks for helping me out. I really did need to get out of there for a while. I was about ready to kill the staff!" She said with a laugh. 

"My pleasure!"

We quickly got back to the restaurant and she hoped out at the door. I was going to go park when she yelled to me. "Ill be back in a flash. Just let me give this to Joe! I'm not ready to stay in there yet!"

Sure enough, she was in and out and jumped back in the car. 

"Go park in the back of the lot, I've got a little something for us!" she laughed.

I drove to the back of the lot, no cars within a hundred feet and pulled up to the bluff.

I turned off the ignition as Dana brought out a present from her purse and fired it up. Shortly, we were giggling and really having a good time.

When we were finished with her little present, she leaned over a kissed me lightly on the lips. Not anything heavy, but in my condition, it was very arousing. I held her face and returned the kiss. Mine was a little more probative, and, she parted her lips slightly as I slowly licked my way between them. She moaned a little and I probed further. 

We were soon swirling our tongues together into the far recesses of each others mouths, seeing if we could swallow one another. I was still holding her face in my hands when I felt her slide one of hers under my top and cup my bare breast. My nipples already ached as she pinched one and then moved to the other. I released my hold on her face and used one hand to raise my top. The other I placed on the top of her head and began pushing her down to my swollen breasts.

Her breath was hot on my nipples as she slowly sucked one and then the other, swirling her tongue, teasing me. Each time she released one, the cool night air seemed to make my nipples even harder. I held the back of her head as she suckled me, making my passion boil and causing that wonderful tingle in my nether region. 

She slid a free hand under my skirt and up my thigh, squeezing it ever so gently as she made her way up to my latex covered crotch. She slowly began rubbing the crotch of my panties, but had not found my little surprise yet.

She brought her hand back up from under my skirt and began slowly making her way from my breasts on down my stomach. 

Just as she began swabbing my navel, she discovered my little attachment. She looked up at me, and even though it was dark and I couldn't really see her expression, I knew she was not disappointed. 

Dana lifted my skirt and found my little penis. She immediately went down on me......it and began to slowly stroke it and suck the tip. Within a minute, she brought herself back up and threw one leg over me and raised her skirt a little. With a free hand she moved her panties aside and sat down on my lap. There was a slight squishy sound as the dildo passed her labia and lodged itself in her vaginal canal. 

Dana began rocking back and forth, penetrating herself with my little black penis and grinding her clit against the slippery latex. She pressed her lips against my face and drove her tongue into my mouth, forcing me to suck it. She began fucking my mouth with her tongue as she humped against me. 

Each time she ground into me, her tongue would slide between my lips in unison to her rocking. We humped like this for quite some time, continually increasing our passion and approaching that point of no return. 

As turned on as I was, I could still hear the liquid noise coming from our joined crotches. This only made that fire burn hotter, and I knew I was soon going to be a quivering mess. 

"Fuck me....fuck me...!" she whispered nastily. "Fuck me!"

She repeated this over and over and soon I felt her began to shudder in a profound orgasm.

She stopped humping against me and growled "Cum with me! Cum....now!"

That's all it took for me, and I shook right along with her as we went over the edge together. 

When we stopped quivering, we just held each other and she collapsed against me.

When she could finally speak, all she could say was "I needed that!"

We both just laughed a bit and she got off me and opened her door.

"We better get back in!" she said as she opened my door. I swung my legs out and she helped me out of the car. I figured the long walk back would get the smell of sex off of us, but it really didn't matter. 

As we got to the door she stopped and turned to me. "Jim likes to watch!" she said with a hopeful twinkle.

I just smiled and replied "So does Carl! But.......let's go to our house!"

We entered the bar, and there was Carl patiently waiting and having a conversation with Joe.

I slid in next to him and asked "Miss me?"

He just laughed and asked "We're you gone?"

I leaned closer and whispered "I had to fuck Dana's brains out!"

"Sure!" he replied.

"They're coming over after dinner. You'll see!"

He gave me that quizzed look as if he were trying to comprehend my seriousness.

About that time Dana came up and said "Table's ready!"

She walked us to the dining room and seated us in a corner. "Hope it's acceptable!"

She gave me a little wink and added "See you soon!"

During dinner I told Carl all about my little rendezvous with Dana in the back of the parking lot. He seemed excited that she and Jim were coming over after they closed.

"Now...the boys just get to watch...right?" he asked.

"That's what Dana said!" I replied as we were finishing our wine. "Don't worry. We'll give you boys a good show.

Dana came by the table and picked up the check. "No charge!" she grinned.

"You know where we live?" I asked.

"It's in my GPS!" she said "Can't wait!"

We left the restaurant and Carl drove home. By the time we got there, I couldn't wait to get in the hot tub. After peeling of my latex, I joined Carl in the tub.

"Had to get all that baby powder off!" I laughed. "Go find something for me to put on, please!"

He left the tub and I soon got out and dried off.

By the time I got inside, he had laid out something for me to wear. It was a 1950's vintage baby doll......completely sheer with matching panties.

"At least the panties have a double crotch to keep me warm!" I chuckled.

"I'll turn on the fireplace! But......I think you'll be plenty warm.

I put the little outfit on and Carl went and turned on the fire. When I got to the living room, he was at the bar opening a bottle of very good wine.

"Special occasion?" I asked as I posed in entry.

"Just for tonight!" he grinned. "Need to let it breathe a while.

He polished up four glasses as I made myself comfortable in front of the fire.

"Bring the bear rug from the den!" I asked.

It was soon laying on the floor in front of the fire....with me sitting in the middle.

A few minutes later, Dana and Jim drove up.

Carl went to the door and greeted them.

"I guess the ladies would like to put on a show for us" I overheard Jim say.

"That's my understanding!" Carl replied.

Carl showed them to the living room and to the bar. He poured four glasses and they turned to where I was sitting in the middle of the rug.

"Looks like I'm over-dressed!" Dana exclaimed as she unzipped her dress and let it drop to the floor. She was now standing there in just her very lacy turquoise bra and panties. The crotch of which was a lot darker than the rest from our earlier encounter. I felt my girl parts twitch a little and knew I was leaking fluid also.

Carl brought me a glass of wine and we all toasted to the evening.

He put some light blues on and went over to his recliner. 

"Grab a seat, Jim!" he said."

Jim got into my recliner and the boys got comfortable and prepared to watch Dana and I get crazy. 

Dana and I got down on the rug and sipped our wine. It was warm by the fire, but.....there were four very hard nipples as we eagerly anticipated exploring each other. Dana finally set down her wine glass and cupped my face with both hands. I quickly set my glass down and leaned forward slowly bringing my face to her. Our lips met and we began gently kissing each other lightly. The taste of the wine on our lips made me flush with excitement. 

I began running my hands through her hair and pulled her face tighter into mine. Her tongue lased out and I parted my lips and allow her to explore the depths of my mouth. I snaked my tongue into hers and we entwined like two snakes mating. The heat of our breath now came quickly and with a great urgency. She brought one hand down to my breast and gently cupped it through the thin fabric, forcing my nipple against her palm. She slowly rotated her palm causing friction and making my nipple even harder.

I felt the wetness increase between my legs and knew the crotch of my thin panties was soaked. She moved her hand to my other breast and repeated her circular motion. We had still not broken our swabbing of each others mouths and our breast was now becoming deeper and more fervent.

Finally she broke out kiss and sat back. She picked up her wine and took a drink...laughing.

"Hot?" she asked.

"You asking me or Marsha?" Jim asked.

She just pointed at him...then Carl!

They both just nodded and she winked at me "I thought so!"

She put her wine glass back down and unsnapped her bra, letting her gorgeous breasts fall free. Her areolas were nearly as large as a silver dollar with little pink nipples poking proudly from the center.

I reached for them and cupped one in each hand.....swirling my palms around as she had done to me and then lightly pinching her nipples.

She grabbed the bottom of my baby doll and pulled it up over my head as I raised my arms. 

We were now sitting on the rug in just our panties and I was already nearing an orgasm.

She lowered her mouth to one breast and gently sucked my nipple in. biting it gently on the way back out. A repeat performance on the other had my lower region quivering even more and I knew my vagina was a gooey mess. 

She leaned back and allowed me to have my turn at her breasts.

She obviously liked taking the lead and I certainly didn't mind the change. As I sucked on a breast, her hand went to my stomach and then across my panties to my crotch. A finger pushed the thin fabric between my fluid covered lips and slightly into my canal.

I pushed back against her hand a little and her finger went a bit deeper, forcing the nylon fabric inside me.

"You're really wet!" she whispered. "So am I!"

My hand went down to her little bikini and found a very damp area coving her swollen lips. I brought my hand up and slid it down the top of her panties finding that she was also completely bald. 

I curled my finger between her lips and dipped into the copious moisture that had collected there. I brought my finger out and over her swollen clit as I left her panties.

I brought my finger to my mouth and licked it seductively.

"You taste like a woman..." I whispered.

Dana just moaned and kissed me hard again. She finally broke away and said "Time for another drink!"

We had now forgotten the boys and were off into our own little woman pleasing world.

We both sat there drinking our wine and looking at the lust in each other's eyes. There was no touching for now.....only anticipation.

Finally she set her glass down and pushed me back on the rug. My head was propped up a bit on "Smokie" so I was very comfortable. The fire was warming both of us and seemed to drive our desire even higher. 

Dana pulled my panties down and I put my legs a little in the air so she could remove them. 

"A little sticky!" she laughed as she tossed them to Jim. 

She then peeled hers off and threw them to Carl.

"Enjoy those. That's all you get!" she laughed.

She turned around and backed herself up my body until her beautiful nether region was over my face. She spread her legs wider and her glistening lips opened showing the deep pink inside. I could see her engorged clit at the top of her entrance and it made me salivate. Ever so slowly she lowered her pussy down onto my mouth. When I could finally reach it, I gave her a long lick from top to bottom, causing her to shudder and moan a bit. I knew I was doing what she liked as I began licking her slowly, inserting my tongue as far as I could into her canal. She pushed down harder and her vagina seemed to swallow my tongue. Lubrication was running freely from deep within and it spilled out and onto my chin creating a slippery resting place for her mound. She began grinding down onto my mouth, fucking my face with her sopping hole. Low moans were escaping her lips alternating with whispers of "Fuck me....eat me, baby!" over and over.

I thought at some point she was going to pay attention to my running vagina, but she was totally absorbed in the licking I was giving her.

I grabbed her butt and pulled her tighter down against my face, only to have her rise up and then grind down again against me. My tongue never left her vagina as I now started sucking her lips and clit. 

Her bucking became more frantic now and I knew she was getting ready to explode. She began shaking uncontrollably and forced her hot hole hard against my sucking mouth.

Though I knew she couldn't understand what I was mumbling....she knew what I said.

She did!

Her vagina clamped tightly against my tongue and began hard rhythmic contractions as she shook against me. Her orgasm...or should I say orgasms seemed to grow stronger with each contraction as she threw her head back and wailed. Each time the contractions subsided they seemed to start again. She must have had five or six before she finally pulled off my face. She gasped and giggled at the same time.

When she finally got her breath she just swung off me and with glassy eyes tried to speak.

I just put my finger to her mouth to seal it and said "I know!"

There was a muffled applause coming from the penis gallery. Dana and I both giggled and I sat up and took a drink of wine. Dana took hers, took a sip, and then smiled.

"You sure know how to eat pussy!" she whispered in my ear.

I just smiled and whispered to her "Your turn."

We set our glassed down and she lay with her head on "Smokey's".

I crawled up and knelt above her face. Her tongue was already out.

"Not just yet!" I thought to myself and dipped two fingers into my vagina.

I slowly withdrew them coated with long glistening strands of my overabundant lubrication cling to them. I slowly brought them to her open mouth and swabbed them across her tongue. She sucked my fingers until she was satisfied she had removed my goo and then I withdrew them, reinserting them, along with another back into my gaping hole.

This was repeated several times until I had managed to get four fingers in me and then into her mouth. From the way she was squirming I knew she was still ready to go. 

"Later!" I thought and slowly lowered my crotch onto her mouth. Her tongue went deep inside me as I ground down onto her face. I began rocking back and forth against her mouth rubbing myself off on her lips and tongue. I wanted it to last, but knew that in my heightened state it wouldn't. I had nearly cum just eating her.

I stopped rocking and began lowering my vagina onto her tongue and then raising back up just out of reach. She apparently liked to be teased this way, because she strained desperately to get her tongue back inside.

Finally I rose totally out of reach and looked down at her. She had a pleading look in her eyes and she mouthed the words I love.
