 It was not a nice Saturday. Outside cold rain spilled from an angry sky while a mournful wind howled a dirge to the beat of the water on the roof. Matthew, Cheryl's beau, was away on an army exercise in Queensland leaving her with nothing more than her vibrating dildo for sexual relief. Twenty-two years old and a grass widow, she thought as she lay back on her bed, dressed only in her silky robe and panties, with the magazines she had lifted from her brother's bedroom.

Her bedroom reflected her personality. An attractive girl with large green eyes standing out between a generous swirl of auburn hair and large, pouting lips. She carried in her genes the fire and passion of the Celts and this showed in the bold choices of color and design that made up her room. 

She began thumbing through the pile lethargically stifling a yawn at the 'People' magazines that seemed forever doomed to regurgitate the same old drivel. Pushing each one out of the road to seek the next magazine in the heap Cheryl hoped with waning anticipation for something readable just to kill time until a decent 'soapy' came on television to transport her out of her cold, rainy Saturday for a while. 

Her mother had asked her to come shopping and, although Cheryl considered that one of her most favorite hobbies, she had declined due to the cold inundation without and the fact that her two credit cards were maxed out. Idly she rummaged through the dwindling pile until a glossy pink magazine caught her eye. Curiously picking up the thick magazine Cheryl lifted it closer for scrutiny catching the bold black lettering of the title across the top. 'Lesbian friends' the title introduced the magazine and beneath two drop-dead gorgeous models clutched each other in a naked embrace, their mouths locked in a deep kiss.

Boyfriends had always been in plentiful supply for Cheryl and she had never felt her sexual magnet drawing her towards other women, but curiosity demanded she take a peek at this other lifestyle of which she had heard, but in which she had never indulged.

Opening the magazine randomly brought her to a two-page spread and face to face with the gorgeous models entwined legs wide apart so that Cheryl, as the voyeur to this lovely scene, stared fully into two gaping pussies. She blinked and turned the page where the brunette was straddling the blonde whose fingers were playing in the brunette's pussy. The two girls were kissing with lots of tongue and the brunette was tweaking the blonde's erect nipple.

Cheryl studied the picture for a minute or so and was amazed to feel a curious tingling in her own pussy at the erotic, yet tender scene the two women portrayed. Quickly flicking another page brought an image of the brunette with her face buried in between the blonde's spread legs. Cheryl could see her tongue busily working at her pink pussy that was already glistening with love juice. The brunette's ass was propped high in the air giving the reader a nice uninterrupted view of her pleasure zones and now Cheryl felt her own sweet muff getting damp as he juices flowed. She studied the picture closely and thrills went through her as her eyes lingered on the blonde girl's breasts crowned by large erect nipples. The girl's mouth, heavy with lipstick, was parted in ecstasy and her tongue protruded slightly as she licked her lips. Cheryl's left hand wandered down to her own warm cleft, her fingers working their way past her panty line until she was rubbing her hardening clitoris. I'm getting turned on! She thought to herself flicking over to another page. The two girls were really getting into it now and after a few pages the licking and fingering of pussy had given away to a strap on dildo worn by the blonde who was inserting it into the brunette's spread muff from behind as she knelt on the bed.

By now Cheryl had kicked off her panties and her own legs were spread wide as she thrust a finger into her sopping hole pushing the finger in and out like a slim dainty penis. Her moans had risen in intensity too as she ministered pleasure to herself. The magazine fell from her other hand as it too joined in, rubbing at her clit while she finger-fucked herself with her left. So intensely was she masturbating that she had thrown her legs into the air and wide apart while little groans and squeals escaped her. She could feel she was so close to cumming and her rubbing and probing intensified.

"Oh my God!" Cheryl cried as her tension mounted. The tingling was as if a current was passing through her groin and she knew she was going to cum any moment.

It was at that point that she felt she was not alone. Someone was watching her. She froze in the middle of all the action and slowly opened her eyes, her head turning towards the door of her bedroom. It stood ajar and framed in the doorway stood a familiar figure watching her.

"Emma!" Squealed Cheryl, her legs slapping together as she scrambled up into a sitting position. "Oh fuck. How long have you been there?"

* * * * *

Emma Kirkhaus was smiling. One hand was on her breast while her other hand rubbed at her crotch. "Long enough, dear." She murmured as she advanced into the room. "I came in to say 'hi' to your mother. Your moans and screams brought me up here." 

Their neighbor often came over from next door for coffee and since their carports were under a common roof she wouldn't even have to brave the rain to do so. Since the side door was rarely locked, Emma usually let herself in often without bothering to knock. Such was friendship.

Cheryl made as if to sit up, one hand seeking her discarded panties but Emma had reached the bed and gently patted her thigh, pushing her back into her original position.

"Now, dear. It's okay. Lie still." She reached over Cheryl and retrieved the magazine lying beside her. With one hand she flipped the pages scanning the pictures inside, her lips pursed appreciatively as she judged the perfect bodies of the two models.


'So beautiful, aren't they Cheryl." She looked at her smiling, "And so much in love."

Cheryl hadn't moved still partly in shock of having been caught by Emma with her legs in the air and both hands in her pussy. Emma's hand was still on her thigh and now she could feel her rubbing up and down gently stroking that area of her leg.

"I didn't know you were bi-curious, my darling. I have been for a long time but never had the opportunity to experiment." She reached with her free hand and stroked her cheek gently, her dark eyes smiling and moist.

"I didn't either." Cheryl answered awkwardly but Emma's touch on her leg felt comforting and that warm tingling feeling was back between her legs. Emma was thirty-nine, only a couple of years younger than her mother, but she still retained her youthful figure and appearance possibly due to never having had children herself. Her hair was dark with auburn highlights, cut pageboy style just onto her shoulders while her large dark eyes were magnets drawing Cheryl into their deep pools. The hand on her cheek had somehow managed to work its way around to the back of Cheryl's head and as she sat mesmerized by the older woman's stare she felt her face being drawn closer to the soft thick lips that smiled affectionately at her.

When Emma's lips brushed hers a thrill rippled along her spine. The warm softness of them made her think of caramel creams and her tongue moved as if to sample the sweet succulence of that sweet confectionery. She found Emma's lithe tongue as the other woman's mouth opened invitingly to let her in and the two women hugged as they kissed deeply. 

Cheryl's young heart hammered as emotions cascaded within her. Briefly she thought of Matthew; a thought that caused her to feel a flash of awkwardness and shame as Emma's tongue probed her lips following her own tongue back into her mouth. His love was the one thing she lived for and she missed the feel of his hard cock between her legs. Her hands moved to push Emma away but in that motion her left palm brushed the other woman's right breast, her nipple pressing gently against her palm. She felt the supple protuberance against the soft inner skin of her hand and hesitated, reveling in its rubbery hardness. How often had she found pleasure in the darkness of her bed at night with Matthew's face in her mind as she teased her nipples erect while pleasuring her clitoris as she fantasized all manner of sensuous sex with her beau.

Now Emma was pressing her nipple harder into Cheryl's palm and she found herself massaging the other woman's breast. Matthew's image shattered and a hot pink glow replaced it. She felt warmth and wetness spreading in her pussy as her state of arousal escalated. Her own left breast felt the questing presence of slender fingers that cupped her fullness before feeling for her hardening nipple. Soon they were stroking, fondling the other's breasts and nipples as their passions soared. 

Cheryl felt herself floating away on a warm sea of ecstasy. Musk-perfumed wetness seeped from her pussy, wetting her inner thighs and she realized she had let her legs loll open. Emma had realized it too and her other hand fell again, high on Cheryl's thigh, where it rested briefly before beginning a timid journey towards Cheryl's waiting sex.

"Oh, my sweet baby." Emma breathed her words directly into Cheryl's mouth. The younger girl tasted them, smelled their scent and it made her expel a moan that was almost a whimper. Emma's scent was as erotic and mysterious as that of a bazaar in Shangri-La. Any misgivings she had harbored up until now evaporated, to be replaced by that delicious tingling and a yearning for the feel of the other woman's probing.

"Oh, oooh! Emma!" She gasped as she pinched the other woman's nipple while rubbing the small of her back with her other hand. "Touch me, be my lover. I want you so bad."

Emma's fingers trembled as she crossed that last barrier, that final taboo that separated the quaint and conventional from the new and exciting pleasure awaiting her. She barely heard Cheryl's long moan as her fingers touched the wetness that welled from the cleft buried in a thatch of silky hair. Unerringly seeking her lover's button buried between the top folds of her inner lips she felt a charge of passion pour through her as her finger contacted with that hard little node. She teased it gently; stroking it with the ball of her index finger until it was as rigid as could be while their mouths locked again in a long tongue-probing kiss. Emma played gently with the girl's clit and reveled in the way Cheryl's hip began gyrating against her hand simulating sexual coupling. Cheryl's hand moved from her breast to her Venus mound. Eager fingers gently ploughed the thicker curls of Emma's pubic hair. She waited for the younger girl to overcome the last shades of hesitant doubt, her own pussy moist; her passion screaming silently for the delicate touch that would cement their union. It was as if many years of longing were suddenly fulfilled. A search had ended. Somewhere deep in her psyche a weary traveler had found her El Dorado. Cheryl's questing fingers entered her and she thrust forward with her hips to receive them in her folds. 

A tremor went through her. Cheryl's thumb began massaging her clitoris while two dexterous fingers worked their way deep into her cleft. Her hunger caused her pussy to convulse and it seemed to Cheryl that Emma's eager honey pot was sucking at her, drawing her deeper into its warm, exotic depths. For an eternity the two women caressed and stroked, ministering the other's clitoris, each dipping into the other's Well of Venus that eagerly sought to consume her and all the while they kissed each other hungrily.

* * * * *

Grey clouds parted as the heavy rain fell back to steady drizzle. Somewhere above the deluge the sun managed to pluck up enough courage to push a tentative ray of buttermilk light through the gloom and a brilliant rainbow splashed it's cupid's smile across the heavens. In the bedroom of a smart Tudor-style house nestled at the edge of green fields the light changed subtly and cheerful hues replaced the erstwhile gloominess of the room. Upon a rumpled bed the two women had changed position. Cheryl lay supine, her back slightly arched and her head thrown back. Her green eyes were closed while her tongue darted and rolled from between her full red lips. She massaged both her breasts in slow sensuous strokes, her fingers teasing and squeezing engorged nipples that stood like ripe strawberries at the apex of her firm, youthful breasts. Somehow Emma had slipped away from their kiss and her sensuous mouth had kissed and suckered their way south, nibbling at her neck, visiting those same aroused nipples before continuing their journey. Soon her agile tongue had found her mound and as Emma's lips coveted Cheryl's waiting pussy, it had slipped easily into the waiting salty well. 

"Oh my God." Moaned Cheryl as her legs writhed with the pleasure that exploded from her groin, radiating outwards, making her limbs tingled as if electrified. "Oh, Emma. I think I am going to cum!"

"Hold on, baby." Emma murmured stopping her ministrations for the bare second it required in articulating her request. "Together, precious. Let us cum together." 

With that, Emma moved across though her mouth never lifted much from Cheryl's groin, but she managed to throw her leg over the other's face and present her own sweet pussy to her lover. Cheryl's green eyes widened as she took her first close look at another woman's pussy only an inch or so from her face. It was moist and the musk scent intoxicating. To her it seemed a hot pink flower in full bloom begging for the bee that was her tongue to suck at its nectar. In her own pussy she felt Emma's tongue burrowing hot and wet, licking at her juices and sliding in and out in rapid lapping motions. She extended her own tongue, questing toward the petals of her lover's secret flower. A timid tongue touched warm, sex-scented flesh and the clear wetness of Emma's aroused labia seeped her tongue. Thrills and giddiness overcame her as the slightly salty taste of Emma's passion tingled on her tongue. Then she was burying herself deeply into Emma's willing love.

Hands explored, as did tongues. Each woman's clitoris received devoted attention, teased and licked then taken between soft lips and sucked gently before being released still quivering. Tongues traveled the length of each pink groove before burying into sweet, wet love-tunnels. They pressed hips against each other's mouths and hands felt breasts and nipples. There was no world. No universe other than their lover's body until their passion rose to its ultimate crescendo.

"Oh my God, I am cumming!" Cheryl cried and immediately clamped her mouth over Emma's sweet portal again. Emma moaned but continued her licking, waiting for the wet explosion that was immanent. Her own climax was moments away and she knew the other girl's release would surely trigger it. That was when she felt Cheryl's pussy contract against her deeply imbedded tongue. A warm flood of juices engulfed her tongue and she tasted her lover's nectar as she came. Her own release was immediate as her pussy convulsed against the busy tongue lapping deep inside her. They lay drinking each other's love as emotions swirled around them, finally eddying and fading into blissful weariness.

Emma was the first to emerge from the wonderland of sexual release. Carefully disengaging herself from Cheryl's eager lips she turned on the bed until she could cradle her young lover in her arms. She was still rapt, her eyes closed and she was breathing heavily. Emma watched her young breasts rise and fall, erect nipples bobbing at the peaks, then she hugged Cheryl to her and their lips met in a long passionate kiss. The nectar of their cum mingled and each shared in the salty, wonderful flavor they had both produced. Lips crushed together burning hotly and their bodies melded as they concluded the consummation of their love.

* * * * *

"Sweet, sweet baby." Emma murmured as she stroked Cheryl's fiery hair. Her body felt deliciously drained and her eyes gazed deeply into the emerald pools as they sat just holding each other in the aftermath of their passion. "I have waited so long for this and it was better than I even hoped for."

Cheryl dropped her gaze and placed her forehead upon Emma's shoulder, her hands loosely clasped in the small of the other woman's back.

"Oh, Emma." She began to sob against the other's soft skin.

"What's wrong, baby!" Emma cradled the girl against her shoulder, her eyes filled with concern.

"I don't know. I feel so mixed up. What about Matthew?"

"Matthew? What about Matthew?" Emma replied, confused.

Abruptly Cheryl pulled away, sobbing. She sat staring at Emma, cross-legged on the bed, hands in her lap. "I'm a lesbian." She flailed a hand limply before letting it fall back into her lap. "What am I going to tell him?"

"There, there baby. Nothing has changed. Your love for Matthew is still the same, it is just that you have found a new dimension to your capacity for love."

"But I am a lesbian" She sobbed. 

Emma laughed. "Honey, lesbian is just a term. It is a label thrust upon women who dare to explore the paths so long forbidden by taboo. You are a sensitive, caring human being and capable of such love." She patted the other girl's cheek, her thumb brushing away a tear that began from the corner of one verdant eye.

"So you mean I am not...different?" Her sobbing had ceased and she gazed expectantly at her new-found lover.

"Not in the least. Baby, if you love Matthew you will always find happiness in his arms."

"But I love you too." Cheryl whispered and her face closed the small distance between them. Hot lips met as she kissed the older woman passionately before sitting back again. This time a tender smile curved her luscious lips and her green eyes sparkled with her professed love.

"And I love you, Cheryl, my sweet."

"So. What am I going to tell Matthew?" She prompted.

Emma's small, wicked smile caused devils to dance in her eyes. "I have admired Matthew for a while now. If you don't mind sharing, I think we could work something out."

"You mean...?"

"Let's wait until he returns. Until then we will have each other."

Cheryl sighed, the ghost of her anxiety released and once again she fell into the other woman's arms. 

"Love you Emma." She murmured.

"Love you, too, precious."