 We entered the bathroom, removed our bath robes and dropped them on the chair in the corner. Becky leant over to put the plug in and turn on the side mounted mixer taps. The bath was ceramic and enormous and I watched my beautiful girlfriend as she poured in some bath foam.

As it was filling I remembered the strap-on and, putting my hand on her back, said, "Becky, I'll just pop and get the toy. It will need cleaning again."

She turned and I saw the mischievous smile on her face, and the beautifully arched eyebrow she raised. "Oh, so you think we might need it again, do you sweetie?"

I put my arms around her waist and pulled her to me. I would never tire of hugs with her, but naked hugs most of all were my favourite. Touching everywhere. We kissed and I said, "Oh god yes. I hope so."

She pulled back and patted me affectionately on the bottom, a loving feeling rushed through me, "Off you go then. I need a pee."

I went back into the bedroom and picked up the dildo and panty set. I took a moment and held it to my nose, savouring the scent of our lovemaking mixed with the lube. I smiled absently and walked back into the bathroom to find Becky just finishing on the toilet. She was reaching for the toilet tissue and in response I walked over and, without saying a word, placed the dildo in the sink and took the paper from her hands. She smiled as I knelt down and wiped between her legs. She was right. It wasn't gross, it was loving.

I stood back up and she stood, flushed and turned, placing a little kiss on my lips.

"Thank you sweetie. You are completing me in ways I could never have imagined."

I swelled with love and pride, looked deep into her beautiful eyes and said, "I have never felt this way about anyone. I am yours, heart and soul."

We kissed again and she looked at the bath, which was now filled about half way, with bubbles from the bath foam making it appear almost full to the top. As she turned the water off she said, "Best we get in. Don't want to waste all this lovely hot water."

She stepped over and into the tub, and I followed suit. Facing each other and as if reflections of each other, we lowered ourselves into the water. It was deliciously warm and comforting. Becky leaned towards me and we ended up hugging and kissing, savouring the warmth.

Eventually Becky said, "Why don't you turn round, sweetie? Rest against me between my legs."

I loved the idea so I turned, pushed myself back and loved the feeling as her arms came around my waist. I could feel the press of her breasts in my back, and her hands resting just above my mound. She nuzzled my neck.

"Do you wear these earrings all the time, sweetie?"

For a moment I wondered what she was talking about and then realised I still had my hoop earrings in from Friday night.

I smiled, loving our closeness, "Well, not intentionally. I usually swap dress earrings for studs, but I don't know, I seem to have had other things on my mind."

She chuckled, saying, "And elsewhere," and I felt the fingers of her right hand snake down through my bush and touch Chloe, who was loving the heat of the water, and the heat of me. Her other hand wandered up and she circled Pinky with her fingers. I sighed and leaned my head back as the combination of her kisses on my neck and her gentle touches filled me.

"Oh god, Becky. I love you. I want to touch you."

"Shh, baby," she said, "let Doctor Becky treat her sweetie."

I closed my eyes and relaxed, feeling the warmth and pleasure gathering in me. As she circled my clit she started giving me a long kiss on my neck and pinched my nipple, rolling it between her thumb and forefinger.

I could feel the warmth from the water, her fingers and mouth. It was that many centres of pleasure feeling, and I was suddenly aware that I was going to cum.

It started deep inside me, a moan that became almost feral. A growl. I started shaking in Becky's arms. I could feel myself pushing back into her. My thighs clamped together as I felt the wonderful rush go right through me. I was in a new place, floating, the feelings extending and slowly letting me gently back down to earth. I felt a small peck from Becky as I became aware once more.

I pushed myself forward and turned, kneeling between Becky's legs, leaning toward her and placing my arms around her neck. I kissed her and adored, once again, the softness of her lips against mine.

I pulled back and saw the love in her eyes and, smiling, said, "Well, that was just what the Doctor ordered."

I brought myself upright and started to run my hand down to her breasts. I was a little surprised when she put her hand over mine and said, "No sweetie. Not now. You don't always need to give me an orgasm when you've had one. I want that to be a special gift."

"But Becky, I want to. You give me so much, I just want to..."

She placed a foamy finger on my lips, "And I want you to as well, sweetie. But later. Let's not let the bath get cold."

I smiled, "Okay then. You better really let me treat you later, or I might have to sulk."

She giggled, "Oh no! I can't let my sweetie sulk. I promise, later. Right, let's wash. I need to shave my pits and legs."

Feeling under my arms I said, "Yeah, me too. Uh, I don't have my razor. Can I borrow yours?"

Becky smiled, "Of course you can sweetie. Let me go and get it."

I was still kneeling so I kissed her, stood up and said, "No, it's fine, let me."

Still smiling she said, "It's in the cabinet above the sink. There's foam in there too."

I got out of the bath and dripped across to the cabinet and got her razor and the can of cream, which I noticed was for sensitive skin. Lucky for me, since I can get a rash from almost anything stronger than soap.

"I've said it before and I'll say it again, 'nice arse.'"

I giggled and wiggled it, "So glad you like it. It is, of course, all yours."

I got back in the bath and handed her the razor.

"Want me to do you, sweetie?"

"What, shave my armpits? That could tickle."

She smiled, "Well, you put the cream on, that's the ticklish bit, then I'll shave you."

I thought about it and looked into those beautiful, smiling eyes and said, "Yes. I'd like that."

I squirted some into my left hand and applied it to my right armpit, turning myself and raising my arm. Becky was very gentle, and I loved the intimacy of her shaving me. She got a facecloth and rinsed me off. We repeated it for my left armpit, then I did Becky's. She also only had minor stubble, but it was such a wonderful thing to share.

Becky said, "Now, legs. Hop up on the ledge."

I hopped up and sat on the wide back edge of the bath and Becky knelt in front of me. I was treated to my legs being shaved. I'm not overly hairy, so it was only a matter of minutes later that she said, "All done. Unless you want anything else..."

I looked at her, a little puzzled. As I have told you, dear reader, I was really quite naive. "Like?"

She raised an eyebrow, "Bikini line? You know, 'pits 'n' bits,'" and she grinned at me.

Realisation struck me, "Oh! Well, I do that if I'm going to be wearing a bikini, but then I let it go through the winter. You think I should?"

She smiled, "No, sweetie, it's up to you. I was just offering."

I swallowed. I suddenly loved the idea of her shaving me in such an intimate place.

"Um... yes. I'd like that."

She pushed my legs gently apart and, before doing anything spread my lips and placed a kiss on my clit.

"Love you Chloe," she looked up at me, "love you too, sweetie."

Her silliness relaxed me. I hadn't realised I was nervous, but I had been.

"I love you. Always and in all ways."

She squirted some cream out and spread it down the sides of my triangle, and down onto my outer lips. I shuddered with pleasure, the tingles from my previous orgasm still slightly evident. She then started carefully shaving in from the sides. My hair is fairly sparse, so it only took a few strokes of the blade to actually clear me. Becky also cleared the hair above my clit hood, which I had never done. She then used her fingers to push my lips to one side and shave inwards. She went all the way down and I watched, fascinated. When I usually did my bikini line I didn't tend to bother with my lips because I never wore anything that was that brief.

Once she'd finished she used the face cloth to clear everything away. She then used her fingers to trace down the sides, checking for any remaining stubborn hairs, which sent another thrill through me. She obviously found a couple because she gently used the razor to clean up a few spots.

When she was done with that she looked up and said, "How does it feel sweetie?"

I used my fingers to feel down my bare skin and now exposed lips and clit. I loved the sensuous smoothness of it, and how I was now so much more exposed.

"I love it Becky."

She smiled, "So, does Madam require anything else?"

I looked down at my now small triangle of hair and said, "It almost looks like a little heart. It's lovely."

"What a wonderful idea, would you like me to make it into a heart?"

I didn't have to think, "Yes! I'd love that."

She quickly got to work with the cream and razor, rounding the corners and putting a little 'v' shape in the top, finally rinsing me once again. I looked and saw a perfect red heart and felt amazingly happy and loved.

"Becky, I love it. It is another symbol of our love, always there. I want to do the same for you. I want us to have matching hearts."

"Then make way for me sweetie and I will enjoy your touch and loving ministrations."

I slid into the water and Becky sat up on the side. I shaved her legs, being oh so careful not to nick anywhere, and then started on her pussy. I was really nervous, but so wanted to do this. I put the cream around her and started the shaving process. Her hair was quite a bit thicker than mine, so it took longer, but this just meant I could spend more time examining her beautiful folds, her gorgeous clit.

Because I knew I was going for a heart shape, I did it slightly differently, starting with the sides and then shaping the top. Finally I did both of her lips as she had mine, working from the outside in. Once I was finished I used the facecloth to wipe everything away and I then did a little detailing to get the shape just right.

I sat back to look at my handiwork, and was happy. I looked up at Becky, "I love it. Did I do okay?"

I watched as she explored her little heart and bare skin, and was thrilled to see her stroke her finger over her clit.

She stopped and smiled, "I love it too, sweetie. It is doubly special because you did it for me."

I croaked, "Don't stop."

She raised an eyebrow and started stroking again, side to side. I sat, transfixed by this vision of my love, so close, doing something so private and intimate. I watched her clit grow under her touch. Her lips were puffy, making a cute heart shape of their own around her finger. I traced my fingers down her now bare outer lips, loving the smooth look and feel. I was absorbing everything, once again remembering, with my eyes and fingers, ever detail, every gorgeous fold.

I slid my fingers a little further down to that little bridge between her two entrances and stroked there, something that had worked for me in the past, and was rewarded with a little sigh, "Mmm. Yes. Perfect."

Leaving one finger stroking there, I placed two fingers from my other hand at her entrance and, slowly pushed in to her soft wetness. My fingers slid in easily and I curled them up to find her little spot.

I stroked in and out, applying pressure and was delighted to see Becky speed up and tense.

"Oh god, Anna... yes! Fuck, yes!"

She started jerking and I felt her pussy walls clamping and unclamping on me as her orgasm rushed through her. Her thighs closing around me.

Her eyes closed, her breathing became rapid, I just looked at my perfect love. Kneeling in front of her like this felt a little like I was some acolyte to a goddess, and in many ways I was. Becky was my goddess.

As she came around and opened her eyes, I said, "You are my goddess and I am your one true believer."

She placed her hands on either side of my head, under my hair, slid down into the bath and kissed me.

We held onto each other for ages, but finally Becky said, "I think we're clean enough my High Priestess, and the water is getting a bit cool. Let's get out."

We both stood up and helped each other step out. Becky got a towel and started drying me. When she'd finished I dried her, savouring her beauty.

We put our bath robes back on, once again dressing each other and Becky picked up the dildo from the sink, "Better clean this, you never know..." and she started to go through the cleansing routine.

When she'd finished she said, "What do you want to do with the rest of the day sweetie? We've got a big day tomorrow."

The memories of the drama of the morning with Jackie, the conversation with Professor Henry, all came flooding back and I was suddenly nervous again.

"Oh god, Becky. I'd forgotten. Really. In the midst of everything I had completely forgotten."

She held me, her hands running through my hair and said, "I know sweetie. So had I, sort of. It will be okay. I promise. Once tomorrow is over, we will both feel differently about it, but until then we will both be a little on edge. Let's not bother with going to your place. You can carry on using my toothbrush and you have my bath robe. Let's stay here and have a light supper and maybe some wine to calm us, and then have an early night. How does that sound?"

I warmed. "It sounds perfect. Completely perfect."

We headed downstairs where I got some wine out and poured two glasses while Becky prepared a light salad. We sat out in the garden in the still warm early evening air.

I could hardly think straight. I was fretting about what the next day would bring. Once we'd finished eating, Becky, realising I was so tense, took my hands in hers and looked directly at me with those beautiful blue eyes. The butterflies in my stomach were replaced by the calming love I felt whenever I looked at her.

"It's going to be okay sweetie. Really. We have our meeting with John first thing. Do you have any lectures tomorrow?"

I wracked my brains. I should know but I couldn't think straight. "I... think so? Maybe one at ten and another at three. I think."

I had a sudden realisation, which obviously caused my face to panic because Becky said, "What is it? What's wrong?"

"I just realised. We have to go to college via my place. I have all my books and course work there."

She smiled, "Don't worry baby. We can do that. You can get the rest of your stuff and we'll move you out properly. I've got some boxes we can take. How much is there?"

I panicked. "Oh, one box should do it, plus my overnight case. But... people like Gemma will be there. They'll see us."

"It's your choice my love, but I think the best option is just to be open with anyone. It's the day we come out, remember?"

The full reality was hitting home, but I knew she was right. I was just terrified of people's reactions.

I took a deep breath and stared into those eyes once more and, again, was calmed. "Yes. Yes. Actually, now I think about it, it will just be good to stop worrying and fretting."

She leaned forward and kissed me softly, lingering for a few seconds. She pulled back and said, "Let's clear the table, put the dishwasher on and go to bed."

"I'm not sure I'll be able to sleep, Becky. I'm nervous and excited all at once."

"So am I sweetie. We must just try our best."

We cleared the table and carried everything through to the kitchen and filled the dishwasher. Becky went to lock the French Windows and then led me up the stairs. We entered our bedroom and Becky opened my robe and let it drop to the floor. With slightly shaky hands I opened hers, revealing her delectable body once more. Seeing the little heart shape on her pubic mound made me smile, and I looked down at mine, remembering our earlier bath. Oddly, this whole ritual calmed me somewhat. 

Smiling at what I was obviously looking at, Becky said, "See, even our pussies love each other now."

I giggled a little, "I think they always have."

Becky sat down on the bed and patted next to her. I sat down and we started kissing. The time for words gone, replaced by the time for peace and tranquility.

In a reflection of our very first time, our hands stroked down over each other and I delighted in feeling her now bare lips and smooth skin. We automatically opened our legs to each other and fell slowly back onto the bed. As I touched her she touched me, just stroking each other's clits in time, I felt all my cares and worries evaporate and I was lost in the moment of being with my one, true love.

There was nothing rushed or hurried. We just stroked and kissed and slowly the build up began and, over several minutes started to reach a peak.

I felt my orgasm right on the edge, ready to fill me and just whispered, "I'm going to cum for you, Becky. I love you."

That seemed to tip me over and I felt that delicious warmth in my lips, all around and inside. I closed my eyes, moaned loudly and as I did I was aware of Becky gripping me tightly with her free hand and she moaned with me.

We were trembling together once more. Linked in love.

We both slowly came back down to earth. I had that wonderful, post orgasmic, rested feeling. I opened my eyes once more to find Becky, her head rested on the palm of her hand, smiling at me. "I love you Anna. Totally love you."

My tummy did little flops. My love for Becky was all consuming. "And I love you, Becky. All of me. You complete me."

As if reading each other's minds we wordlessly slipped up the bed and got ourselves under the duvet. Becky set the bedside alarm for six in the morning and we cuddled together. Hands stroking and exploring in an intimate and sensual way. We were both sated by the day's emotional and physical exertions.

Surprisingly, we fell asleep and I was woken by the alarm going off. Somehow we had ended up in a spoon position, with me behind Becky, holding on to her. I felt surprisingly rested.

Becky reached a hand out and stopped the alarm while I placed a kiss on her neck.

She turned over and said, "Good morning my perfect lover. Ready for our big day?"

It was probably because I'd had so much sleep, and perhaps a little bit of adapting to the idea, that the thought was now more exciting than terrifying, although I still felt a little anxious.

"I'm about as ready as I will ever be," I replied, "I just want to get it started."

She smiled and kissed me, then said, "You are amazing. You didn't say you wanted to get it over with, just that you want to get it started. One of the myriad of reasons I love you is that you bring so many positive thoughts into my life."

I smiled lovingly into her eyes and kissed her once again.

When we broke Becky said, "Right. We've got a lot to do. Shower, dress, breakfast, get over to your place and then we've got to be in John's office by eight."

I hadn't realised it was going to be so early, "What? Can we do that?"

"If I don't give into my desire to seduce you, probably," she said with a chuckle.

I pouted, "You mean I don't get my Becky fix today?"

She kissed my nose, "Oh, you will. Just wait 'til I get you home this evening young lady."

I giggled and thrilled. That would make the day one of longing and anticipation.

She pushed the covers down and patted my bottom lovingly. "Come on. Let's go."

We walked through to the bathroom and I had a pee while Becky brushed her teeth, then we swapped places and finally headed for the shower. We washed each other, including our hair, and finally dried each other.

In the bedroom we picked out sensible clothes for once, it was after all a college day. After picking out bras and knickers for each other we both went for skinny jeans and blouses, mine in cream, hers in a pastel blue. I loved the way Becky's figure was outlined. We kissed often, but were both aware of our tight schedule. We fixed each other's hair, touched up our makeup and headed downstairs.
