 Sharon Kelly sat in the kitchen sipping coffee, pondering her life, feeling frustrated and forlorn. Her new home was spacious and luxurious but the twenty four year old beauty with flowing red hair was lonely. She married Ron at age 21 while in college and loved him very much but his job while lucrative kept him on the road most of the time. She had never been with another man but the melancholy young wife recalled how much she enjoyed teasing and turning-on the guys until her husband insisted she stop. He warned her that she could find herself in a dangerous situation if she teased the wrong man and besides, he said that kind of behavior was not fitting for a married woman. Ron told her that there was no need for her to work as he earned more than enough for them to live quite comfortably and he wanted her to have children. She wondered how she could possibly get pregnant if he was hardly ever home.

The bored wife went into the living room to watch TV but after a few hours she grew weary of the same old stuff. She made a pitcher of wine coolers and decided to take advantage of the pool and work on her tan so she went upstairs to change into a swimsuit. As she stripped naked she admired her short but well proportioned frame in the mirror. Sharon gazed in the mirror at her long red hair that went past her shoulders, her sparkling green eyes, her 34 C breasts that seemed larger on her small frame, and the red bush between her legs, she was pleased with what she saw. It occurred to her that the landscaping crew was scheduled to come by today and she got a naughty urge to put on her skimpiest bikini and tease the father and son gardeners. 

Sharon noticed the red pubic hair protruding from her scanty thong and thought of shaving it but decided it looked provoking and would tempt the workers and make them drool over her. As she sat on a lounge chair drinking her wine coolers the ravishing redhead eagerly anticipated the arrival of the gardeners. She felt wicked at the thought of them panting over her and getting aroused. She couldn't wait to look at their crouches and observe the evidence of the effect she would have on them just as she had done with countless others before. She felt a twinge of guilt but dismissed it as she reasoned that she wasn't going to cheat on her husband but only provide a thrill for the father and son and have some fun doing it. After all, it would only be a little harmless teasing, no one would get hurt, and it would be enthralling for the men and arousing for her. She told herself that after they left she would masturbate. 

While lounging by the pool she heard the gate open, Sharon felt excited and aroused. Sharon was stunned when two women in dark blue uniforms walked up to her and the older one announced, "Hi, my name is Sam and my partner is Josie. We bought the landscaping business from Mr. Gomez and it would be our pleasure to serve you. We will do everything that we can to assure your satisfaction. Are their any special instructions or shall we proceed at our own discretion?"

The taken aback wife muttered, "I am sure you know what you are doing so I will leave it up to you."

Josie added, "You won't regret it my dear; we will maintain your grounds to the best of our ability and make sure that everything is perfect. After all, you are the customer and we aim to keep you happy so if there is anything you need, anything at all, just ask."

Sharon felt disappointed but did notice the women's eyes traveling over her exposed body and thought that she detected lust in their eyes. She noticed that Sam looked more like a man than a woman except for her huge breasts. She estimated Sam to be in her mid forties and Josie to be in her early thirties. In contrast to the manly looking Sam the Hispanic woman was well shaped and quite attractive. Josie's breasts were not as large as the brown haired, stocky, and masculine Sam's but the black haired beauty had a very impressive 36 D set of knockers.

As the two women worked the garden Sharon could not help but notice their interest in her. She decided that being she was only teasing and putting on a show that it didn't matter what gender the gardeners were. The redhead started to feel her drinks and decided to go for a swim before she had too much to drink. While swimming under water the teasing wife decided to untie her top and pretend that it was an accident. When she emerged from the water Sharon saw both women staring at her and announced, "OH, I'm so sorry! My top must have come off in the water. What must you think of me?"

Sam instantly replied, "We think that you are beautiful and besides, it is only us women here anyway?" Then the older woman looked down between the little vamp's legs and observed, "Hell, you may as well take off that transparent bottom too because now that it is wet we can clearly see your precious red rose and that way you can get an even tan all over that sweet little body of yours"

The little temptress cooed, "Do you really think I should?"

Josie answered, "Hell yeah girl, you don't want any tan lines do you? Don't mind us; just get naked and enjoy the sun. Just pretend that we are not here, relax, take in the rays, drink up, and make the best of a beautiful day."

Sharon coyly uttered, Well if you both think that I should." 

The small redhead was startled when Sam approached her and offered, "Here let me help you." Sharon felt the woman's hands touch her honey-pot and ass in the process of removing her thong. Sam softly said, "Very Nice." 

Sharon went back to the lounge chair, drank some more of her wine cooler, rolled over, and exposed her buttocks for the women to ogle. The little wife felt her pussy twitch and moisten when she peeked over and saw the women eying her butt and she heard them saying what a nice ass she had. Sharon turned over again and filled her glass; she couldn't get over how aroused she was getting as the two captivated women lustily gazed at her dripping sex. She couldn't resist the overpowering urge to put a hand on her overheated pussy. The wanton display of exhibitionism and sexuality was turning on the two onlookers as well as herself. 

Sharon felt the uneasiness of the situation and not knowing what else to say tried to break the sexual tension by offering, "How inconsiderate of me! Would you like a drink? Please forgive me but I wasn't sure if you were allowed to drink while you were working."

Sam replied, "Well we don't usually drink on the job but I can't resist a great offer like that on such a hot day; especially when the offer is coming from such a beautiful lady as yourself; besides we own the company. Sure that would be nice, thank you." They moved closer to the sexy siren and told her to stay where she was and offered to fetch two more glasses. Sharon told them where the glasses were but was disappointed when the pitcher went empty before the women could pour their drinks. After asking where everything was Sam went back inside to make another pitcher but she added vodka to really loosen up the hot little wife. 

They drank, chatted, enjoyed each other's company and soon Sharon was really starting to feel the drinks. As the conversation progressed, Josie asked, "Where is your husband honey? Will he be home soon?"

The naughty naked nymph blurted out, "He won't be home until next week; he travels more than he is home. I hardly ever see him."

Sam responded, "That must be hard on your sex life. Do you have a lover or do you just do without?"

Sharon pouted, "I am very lonely."

Josie offered, "Why don't Sam and I take our uniforms off? That way you wouldn't be the only one going bare-ass around here and we could all become really good friends. It must be uncomfortable for you being naked while we are fully clothed. Now that we know that no one is coming do you want us to strip for you and we can have a real hot party. A sweet thing like yourself should never be lonely so why don't we become your best friends, get to know each other much better, and change your loneliness into blissful pleasure?"

Sharon had too much to drink and did not comprehend the implications so she giddily replied, "Sure, make yourselves comfortable and do whatever you want; anything for my new best friends."

The lonely wife felt uneasy as she watched the two women strip. As they teasingly disrobed Sharon's eyes were fixed on their large breasts and hairy pussies. She felt intimidated by their mature and voluptuous bodies. Without thinking she slipped a finger into her aroused honey-hole. Josie smiled at the frustrated, turned-on, and totally beautiful wife and urged, "Here, let me give you a hand. After all, that is what friends are for." Before Sharon realized what was happening the Lusty Latin Looker had two fingers swishing in and out of the red haired slushy cunt. Sharon's head was spinning, she knew that she should tell the woman to stop but she didn't posses the will to resist and it felt so damn good. The little wife was overcome with tingling sensations as her arousal stirred and reached a fever pitch. Two huge melons rested on her shoulders as Sam bent over her from behind, reached down to the perky breasts, fondled, kissed, sucked, and feverishly nursed on the rubbery pink nipples. 

Sharon went wild and her whole body trembled when she felt Josie's tongue on her pussy. As her head turned two-and-fro she felt Sam's gigantic breasts slap her face and by instinct she parted her lips and sucked on them. Sharon's smoldering volcano erupted on Josie's probing tongue and she thought that it was over but Josie kept working on her flooding love canal. Josie lifted her cum covered face from the tasty treat and declared, " Girl, you have the sweetest tasting cunt that I have ever tasted! I'm going to savor every drop of Sharon's sweet sauce. Yum- yum, so fucking good, I want more. You like my tongue up your hot and horny cunt don't you little girl?" With that said Josie dove right back into the leaking love-canal. 

Sharon let go of Sam's tits for a second and purred, "Yes, yes, I love it! I never knew that sex could be this good. Please don't stop, Oh God, Oh God, I'm going to cum again!" After she reached her second climax Sharon resumed nursing on the mammoth mammilla with fervor. 

The two women helped the disoriented, delighted, and dreamy darling to her feet and guided her to the freshly cut grass where she was instructed to get on her hands and knees. Sharon complied and squealed with ecstasy when Sam assaulted her pussy from behind. Sharon purred and cooed when the older woman expertly feasted on her sizzling snatch. Josie laid on the grass with her knees up and her long legs spread lewdly. The little wife knew what was expected of her but didn't know if she could do it. The enticing Josie beckoned with her finger and Sharon leaned closer so that her face was only inches from the hairy pussy. As she breathed in the intoxicating aroma of the aroused sex-kitten and saw the drops of dew dripping from the open flower before her eyes Sharon felt an overwhelming urge to taste Josie's joy box.

At first the redhead stuck out her tongue and slowly licked the luscious pussy lips but when she discovered that it tasted so good and like nothing else that she had ever experienced before her tongue moved swiftly and probed the love tunnel with vigor. Between the sensations she felt from Sam's talented tongue and the taste of the flavorsome treat that she was eagerly devouring her body quaked to another rousing orgasm. Her face was held tight to Josie's smoldering slit and Sharon delighted in her first taste of cum from a woman. 

Sam and Josie exchanged places. Sharon felt quivers all over her small frame as she gazed at the older woman's fleshy womanhood. Even through the jungle of brown pubic hair the fat, swollen, and dripping pussy lips were visible. The scent that emitted from the pudgy pit was much stronger than Josie's. Sharon was spellbound and just stared at the fleshy womanhood of the older woman when Sam interrupted her thoughts by asking, "Well, are you going to just look at my cunt or are you going to eat it? After the way I gobbled up your sweet little girl pussy why don't you return the favor and feast on my nasty big woman's cunt? Come on baby, once you try it you are going to love it. Put that pretty face between my legs and make momma feel real good!"

Sam pulled Sharon's face tight to her smoldering cunt. At first the musky smell and tangy taste made her pause but soon the redhead discovered that the obscene and degrading act of submitting to this mature woman was turning her on. She eager kissed, licked, and sucked the flooding flesh of the mature cunt. Sam urged. "That's it baby, now suck mommy's big fat clit. Pretend that it is a little dick, suck and chew on the motherfucker. Good girl, just like that, Oh hell yeah, keep it up, don't stop baby. Look up at me while you are sucking my cunt, I want to see your pretty eyes when I cum all over your face. Oh baby, you are going to be one fantastic little cunt lapper. Suck it, suck, suck, yessssssss!"

After the heated orgy the women basked in the afterglow of their incredible sexual romp. Sam couldn't remember the last time she had such a beautiful young girl and commented, "Josie was right little girl; your pussy is by far the most savory morsel that this old dike has ever had the pleasure of gorging on and it was easy to see that you loved feasting on our hot, hairy, cunts as well. I sure hope that we can get together again. What do you say Sharon? Shall we make this a regular event? I do hope that this was not a one time thing."

Josie encouraged Sharon by urging, "Please say yes honey, we want to become the best and closest friends you ever had. I know that you liked it just as much as we did so please say you will."

In spite of feeling ashamed and embarrassed the redhead knew that she wanted more and replied, "Yes! I loved every minute of it and want to continue seeing you guys but please be discreet, especially when my husband is home. I can't wait for next week to come." Sharon was assured that no one would know except for their lesbian friends and that they would be all business like when her husband was at home. They also informed her that her new name was Savory Sharron because she tasted so fucking good. 

The two older women were astonished to discover that Sharon learned for the first time that a woman could achieve more than one orgasm at a time. They cracked up laughing when told that she rarely climaxed when having sex with her husband but that she was able to cum when she masturbated. The two stunned lesbians were in total disbelief to hear that no one, including her husband had ever gone down on her precious pussy before. Sam told her, "I suppose that we should be grateful for being the first to sample your candy-coated love muffin but it seems such a shame to let such an awesome pussy go to waste. You know what? There is absolutely no reason why we have to wait until next week; all of my friends are going to want to snack on your syrupy little honey-pot. We should throw a pussy eating party and you could be the main course! Trust me sweetmeat, your pussy is to die for. Would it be OK for me to call you?"

The flattered and flustered little wife answered, "I suppose you could call me but I don't know if we should include anyone else but we'll see. Do you really think that I taste better than anyone else?"

Josie spoke saying, "Yes you do; we have both been with many other women and no one else even comes close. Sam said that you are the main course but dessert would be more accurate. Going down on you is like chowing-down on a juicy peach pie. Sharon, you can sit on my face anytime you feel like it." Sharon's face turned crimson from all the flattery and she too wished that she had felt a tongue up her honey-hole and had tasted another woman before now. Her new friends dressed, kissed her goodbye, and promised to call her soon. 

After they were gone Sharon soaked in a hot bubble-bath and pondered the day's events. She considered not further indulging in anymore lesbian behavior but dismissed all such notions knowing full well that she loved, desired, and needed more woman to woman sex. She was getting wet just thinking about the lewd and nasty sex she had just experienced and realized that it was useless to try to resist her new friends. Hell, she didn't even want to try; she decided that yielding to sweet temptation was a sublime and rapturous feeling that she wanted to experience again.

Latter that evening Sharon cuddled-up on the sofa with a good book. She was surprised by the doorbell and wondered who it could possibly be. She looked through the peep-hole and saw a tall girl on the porch. Sharon opened the door and quizzed, "Who are you and what do you want?"

The skinny brown haired girl stated. "You don't know me but I know you very well. Let me inside and we will discuss the matter."

"Discuss what? Will you please tell me clearly what you are talking about or I will close the door in your face?"

The pretty-faced young woman reached in her purse and took out a picture of Sharon and her new friends engaged in a frenzied pussy licking orgy. The girl spoke softly but firmly saying. "I'd advise you to let me inside your house, that is unless you don't mind your husband. parents, friends, and everyone else seeing what a lesbian slut you really are." Sharon was horrified and quickly opened the door and ushered the lanky girl into her home. 

The young lady plopped down on the couch and requested something strong to drink. Giving the girl the once-over Sharon firmly stated, "You are not old enough to drink and I don't want to get into any trouble. How old are you anyway?"

"Lady you are already in big trouble and I am eighteen years old. Now go pour us both a stiff drink and get your ass back here." The girl noticed the disbelief in Sharon's eyes and got her drivers license out to prove her age to the doubting woman. The ravishing redhead brought then both some rum and cokes, noticed that the pretty faced young woman seemed nervous but did not appear to be the criminal type. 

After looking at the girl's proof of age, Sharon spoke first saying, "You appear to be such a nice young lady so what are you doing with that picture and what do you want from me? I am not wealthy but there is some money...."

The girl introduced herself as Alice, learned that the woman's name was Sharon, and in a subdued tone revealed, "No, I do not want your money. You see I have been with only one girl in my whole life; her parents found out about us and moved to another state. I have been too shy to approach another girl and did not know how to go about it but when I looked out my bedroom window and saw what was going on I grabbed my camera and took a bunch of pictures. You and your friends were so hot that I put the camera aside and masturbated. The plan was just to keep the pictures for when I got horny and wanted to play with myself but it occurred to me that you would be indebted to me for keeping the photos a secret. All I want from you is to let me be your submissive slave and experience the joy of having sex with a beautiful woman such as yourself. Please be my teacher and show me how to pleasure you! I will do anything that you want me to do. Please, I am begging you."

Sharon eyed the young lady, observed her flat chest, long legs, and big brown eyes. Sharon wanted the girl to take off her tank-top and jeans. The twinge of guilt that Sharon felt was washed away by the flood of desire to see this young girl naked. Sharon opened her robe to let the girl see what she was getting, was pleased by the lust and longing in the girl's eyes, noticed Alice lick her ruby red lips and suggested, "Why don't you disrobe for me? I will play with myself and I want you to do the same. Then I want you to bury that pretty face of yours between my legs, worship my womanhood, and then I want to cum all over your face. How does that sound my pretty little pet?"
