 Publication of any and all trademarks contained herein are not authorized by, associated with, nor sponsored by the trademark owners.

~~~

"Oh God, Kira! Kira, please! Please don't stop!"

Kira Summers grinned as she pressed her soft lips to her lover's thick, dark nipples. She groaned as she drew the stiff peak into her mouth.

The Monday morning Miami sunrise sent warm rays through Melinda's bedroom window, illuminating her body in a soft, erotic glow. Kira smiled at the contrast between the warm sunlight and Melinda's dark mocha skin.

"Oooh, Melinda! You taste so good, honey," Kira whispered against the heated flesh. "So sweet and so good." She sucked hard on the chocolate nipples, alternating from one to the other, as Melinda rocked underneath her.

Melinda Buchanan twisted on the bed and ran her hands through her thick, black tresses. Her soft moans filled the room and she gripped her hair tightly as her body undulated back and forth. Resting on her queen-sized bed, she squirmed under Kira's oral ministrations until the sheets tangled beneath her into an erotic disarray.

Nestled comfortably in Melinda's luxurious bedroom, the women embraced each other as their passions ignited and quickly began to intensify. Their nude bodies drew heat from each other as their lovemaking grew more passionate. Kira pressed her golden-brown body even tighter against Melinda's as she sucked harder on each rich, brown nipple. She swirled her tongue around the erect flesh and savored the delicious taste of Melinda's thick, sweet, dark chocolate skin.

"You like that baby?" Kira whispered, her tongue dancing around Melinda's taut peak.

"Yes, honey, yes," Melinda sighed. "Don't stop, baby!"

Kira smiled as she licked and teased Melinda's breasts, laving her luscious skin, until she decided that she needed even more. She slid her body lower and trailed soft kisses underneath Melinda's full breasts and down her stomach. She nipped Melinda's stomach with her teeth, then teased her belly button with her eager tongue.

"Ooooh!" Melinda cried. "That tickles!"

"It's supposed to," Kira giggled as she licked lower and lower over Melinda's waist, hips and abdomen, until she reached the smooth, brown skin at the juncture of Melinda's soft, silky thighs.

"Oh Kira! Yesss!" Melinda cried. "Honey, yes!"

Kira reached out and used her fingertips to gently skim Melinda's soft skin. She traced luscious swirls all over the taut mocha flesh.

"Ohhh Kira! Kira, please!"

As Kira touched even lower, she dipped her finger into the liquid sugar that began to form at Melinda's core. All at once, Melinda's erotic scent filled Kira's nostrils. 

"Mmmm," Kira whispered. "Can I have a taste?"

Melinda felt Kira's breath dangerously close to her soft, wet passionate core. "Oh yes," Melinda pleaded. "Please!"

Kira slid her finger into her wanting mouth. "Mmmm," she sighed. Then she leaned down and took a teasingly soft lick of Melinda's sweet nectar. "Mmmm! Tasty!" She took another long lick.

"Ohhhh," Melinda groaned as her back arched and her hips rose, desperately trying to get more of Kira's eager tongue. "More!"

Kira licked again. And again. Soon, Kira's tongue was swirling all over and into the sweetness of Melinda's wet pussy. She licked and teased the smooth skin as Melinda squirmed in delight.

"Oh God!" Melinda cried as her hips began to roll all over her satin sheets. "Kira, please! Faster, baby!"

Melinda's warm, sugary nectar began to flow more copiously, bathing Kira's lips and chin. At Melinda's urging, Kira dipped even deeper, lapping up Melinda's more of the honeyed wetness. 

"You taste so good, honey," Kira moaned into Melinda's pussy. 

As Kira slurped on the sticky-sweet wetness, Melinda reached up and cupped her breasts, rolling her thumbs over her rich, dark nipples. She squeezed and pinched the hardened flesh, adding to her intense passion. "Oh God, Kira! Yes!"

Kira slid her hands underneath Melinda and gripped her full, round ass. She squeezed Melinda's tight flesh and buried her face even deeper into the exotic liquid.

Kira felt Melinda's thighs tightening around her face. Melinda gripped the back of Kira's hair and held on tight. "I'm so close, honey! Don't stop! Please don't stop."

Melinda rolled her hips even faster, and began to buck hard against Kira's face. At the forceful, staccato movements, Kira gripped Melinda's ass even tighter and licked the pink gem with smooth, tight strokes.

"Come on, honey," Kira moaned into Melinda's pussy. "Now, baby! Cum for me now!"

Suddenly, Melinda's entire body jumped. "Oh Kira!" Melinda cried. "I'm cumming! I'm cumming, baby! Yessss!"

Her entire body tensed and Kira was nearly drowned in the erotic wetness that flowed from Melinda's climaxing pussy. Kira began to use her fingers to tease Melinda's clit, matching the sharp movements of her wicked tongue.

"That's it, baby," Kira urged as her fingers and tongue worked even faster, "Give me more, honey!"

"Yesssss!" Melinda wailed as her body continued to ride the waves of the ultimate pinnacle of pleasure. Sweat beaded on her overheated skin, dotting the sheets with her desire. Her body continued to toss and turn as Kira kept up the intense pleasure on her swollen pussy.

Kira continued drinking Melinda's honey until her body stopped quivering and finally became still. Kira then crawled up from between Melinda's legs until they lay face-to-face on the bed.

Kira placed a quick peck on Melinda's flushed cheek. "'How was that, honey?"

"Wonderful, baby," Melinda sighed. "As always." She moved closer to draw Kira into her arms.

Kira skillfully dodged Melinda's embrace and maneuvered herself out of Melinda's reach. "Oh, honey," Kira sighed, "I'd love to cuddle, but you have to get to work, right?"

Melinda frowned as she glanced at the clock on the nightstand. "'It's only seven o'clock. We've got plenty of time."

No we don't, Kira thought. She scooted up on the bed until her back rested against the headboard. She smoothed out her long, auburn ponytail and tried a different approach. "Well, last night you said you had a busy morning today. And besides, you know rush hour is hell."

Melinda's frown deepened as she slowly rose from the bed. "Yeah, I guess you're right," she said as she padded across the room nude. Melinda's rounded body was a deep, rich chocolate, making Kira's mouth water all over again.

Kira watched as Melinda took her creamy white silk robe from the back of the chaise lounge and wrapped herself in it. 

"Don't worry, baby," Kira said. "I'll make you some breakfast while you're in the shower."

Melinda smiled weakly as she went into the huge, adjoining bathroom. "Thanks," she said as she closed the bathroom door.

Kira sat quietly and listened intently for a few minutes. Once she heard the water start running, she went into action. She jumped out of bed and padded nude to the other end of Melinda's immense master bedroom. The thick, plush carpet tickled the bottom of her feet as she grabbed her handbag from atop the large antique desk.

Digging inside of her designer handbag, a gift from Melinda, she fished out her jeweled cell phone, another gift from Melinda, and dialed quickly,

After several rings, a soft, feminine voice answered.

"Hello" she said sleepily.

"Lexi!" Kira exclaimed. "Girl, wake up! You should have been awake by now!"

Lexi Chandler yawned into the phone. "I had a late night, Kira. By the way, you should have been there. The club was jumpin'. For real."

"I wish I could have been there," Kira sighed as she held her hand in front of her and checked her manicure. "But I was putting in work here last night."

"Oh yeah," Lexi chuckled. "How's your meal ticket?"

"Dry and boring and needy, as always." Kira walked around the room to Melinda's vanity table. "As a matter of fact, I'm trying to get her off to work now as we speak."

"Speaking of work, shouldn't you be getting ready to go in yourself?"

"Girl," Kira said as she opened Melinda's jewelry box and looked inside, "I called in last night. I ain't tryin' to be no cashier today! They'll get along fine without me."

"I hear you. But don't mess around and get fired. Again."

"Lexi, I can handle my own affairs, thank you very much." Kira fiddled around and picked up Melinda's prized soft-pink, princess cut diamond ring. Melinda only wore it on special occasions, keeping it safely in the jewelry box, but Kira had scoped it out some time ago, having had her eyes on it for quite a while. "Besides, I was calling to see if you wanted to go shopping today?"

"You got her credit card again?" Lexi asked incredulously.

Kira rolled her eyes as she toyed with the ring. "I'm gonna get it before she leaves."

"You're playing this kinda close, aren't you? You just took the card last week."

"And I'm gonna take it again. Listen, girl. I got this. I'm the one in this Coral Gables mansion, not you. I'm the one driving her hot, new ruby-red Porsche Boxter, not you. So I know what I'm doing. As a matter of fact, you need to be taking notes and following the rules I gave you so you can get over on some rich, lonely woman too." Kira slid the diamond ring on her finger and admired the sight.

"First of all, Kira, I don't appreciate – "

Kira heard a noise coming from the bathroom and she froze. "Shhh," she said. She placed her hand over the mouthpiece and listened intently. She suddenly noticed that the water to the shower had been turned off.

"Listen, Lexi. You know I'm just playin'. But I gotta go. I'll call you later, ok? Ok. Bye."

She clicked off the phone, tossed it back into her purse, ran to the bed, and jumped back in it. Then she looked at her hand. "Shit, the ring." She took the ring off, slid it underneath the covers, sat up against the ornate headboard and smiled brightly.

Melinda came out of the bathroom, wrapped in her robe, and went to the walk-in closet. She selected a smartly-tailored business suit and a matching pair of shoes and set them on the bed. Then she went to her dresser and selected her bra, panties, garter belt and a pair of stockings. She looked at Kira carefully, then sat at her vanity table and began to brush her lengthy, jet-black tresses.

She quietly pulled her hair into a chic chignon and began to apply her makeup. As she applied her lipstick, she looked at Kira's reflection in the mirror.

"I don't smell anything cooking, Kira," she said softly. "You didn't make me breakfast?"

"Oh honey, I meant to. But you wore me out this morning. It was all I could do to just lay here and catch my breath."

Melinda nodded as she finished applying her makeup. She rose from the table and quickly slipped into clothes and shoes. Then she went over to the full-length gilded mirror and checked her reflection. She admired the way the sharp gray suit hugged her full, curvy figure.

She turned to Kira. "How do I look, honey?" she smiled.

"You look great, baby!" Kira said. Then she frowned as she looked more closely. "But you might want to lay off the sweets for a while. You're getting a little thick around the middle."

Melinda lowered her eyes and pursed her lips.

"I'm actually glad I didn't make you breakfast," Kira said as she stretched out on the cream-colored satin sheets. "Why don't you just have a piece of fruit or something? Or some yogurt? Fat free, of course."

Tears began to form at the corners of Melinda's eyes. "Kira –"

Sensing hurt on Melinda's face, Kira slipped out of the bed and went to stand behind Melinda. She looked at their reflections in the mirror as she wrapped her arms around Melinda's waist and drew her in close.

"Oh, Mimi," Kira sighed, using her nickname for Melinda. "You know how important you are to me. I'm just looking out for your well-being."

Melinda sighed. "'Fine. I'm going to work." She squeezed Kira's hands, then untangled herself from Kira's grip. "By the way, are you going to work today?"

Kira hesitated. "Umm...they gave me the day off, so I'm free today." She watched as Melinda checked her appearance one last time, then walked out of the room.

Still nude, Kira followed Melinda downstairs and into the study. She watched us Melinda packed up several papers, legal pads and manila folders into her briefcase.

"Oh, and honey?" Kira asked. "I was wondering...could I have the AmEx today? I want to pick up a few things."

"Kira –" Melinda began as she turned to face her lover. Suddenly shocked, Melinda gasped at what she saw.

Kira stood there completely nude, with her hands on her hips. Her creamy, golden-brown skin gleamed in the sunlight that streamed through the window. Kira rubbed and cupped her firm breasts in her hands and used her thumbs to tease her stiffening nipples.

As Melinda watched. Kira began to slide her hand from her breasts down to the soft, downy hair on the delicate mound between her legs.

"'Please?" Kira whispered.

As Melinda backed up against her desk, several papers slid off and onto the floor, but Melinda never noticed them. Seemingly in autopilot, she went to her handbag and pulled out her Black American Express card.

"Thanks, babe," Kira said as she took the card and twirled it in her hands. She looked at the thin piece of plastic wistfully, with almost a childlike adoration. 

But then she snapped out of it, gave Melinda a dry kiss on the cheek, and quickly began to rush her out of the room. "You better get going," Kira said. "You don't want to be late."

Melinda sighed and shook her head as she grabbed her handbag and briefcase. Without a word or a goodbye, she left the study, walked through the kitchen and out the back door.

~~~

"Alright, everyone. One, two, three, kick!"

As the male voice boomed, with sweat beading down her face, Noelle Douglas struggled through the moves in her new karate class. As she tried to keep pace with the instructor, beads of sweat began to form on her rich, olive skin. Never wanting to worry about style at such an early hour, she'd chosen her clothes somewhat haphazardly. Dressed in a simple, loose T-shirt and shorts, she was more focused on her fit and trim body in the middle of this incredibly intense workout.

"Oh my God," Noelle sighed to the petite woman next to her, as they worked out in the back row. "Brynn? What in the hell are you doing to me?"

"Come on, Noelle," Brynn Shepherd whispered, her lean frame kicking hard and swiftly. "Get your ass in gear!"

As she moved, Brynn's diminutive, pecan-brown body glistened with sweat. Her dark brown hair, cut into long, shaggy, layers, caught all of the wind of her quick movements. Ever tomboyish, she was dressed in a black sports bra and a tiny pair of matching boyshorts. "Step it up, Sunshine! This is for your own good." She glanced at Noelle. "I want you to be a strong girl like me," Brynn smirked.

It was a ritual that every month, Brynn decided upon their exercise routines. Being best friends, Brynn made sure that Noelle was pleasantly surprised at the activity, but at the same time, got an intense and strenuous workout. They'd done numerous types of exercises, everything from aerobics to yoga, and from rock climbing to, now, karate. However, one thing remained constant: Brynn made sure that the exercise activity always began at seven am sharp.

Meeting so early in the morning was a beast, but not only did it get her day started off enthusiastically, it kept Noelle in the best shape of her life. Despite being a natural beauty, Noelle found that she had to work hard to keep her hourglass shape.

"You're supposed to be my best friend," Noelle whispered back as her long, dark brown hair, secured back off of her face, swished and swayed around her. "Why are you doing this to me? This is torture!"

"Like I said before, I'm trying to make you a stronger person. Trying to make you stop being a doormat for pretty girls," Brynn said as she glanced at Noelle. "'Cause you know how you get: you're a sucker for a pretty face."

Noelle snorted, irritation flitting in her hazel doe eyes. "Whatever."

"Well, stop doing everything for girls without getting anything in return, and I'll stop messing with you!"

"Shhh!" the instructor said from the front of the room. "Absolute concentration, everyone!"

"Anyway, just keep up with these kicks for a few more reps," Brynn whispered. "Then we can go get pancakes at the Pink Rose Café!"

Noelle gasped for air as she tried to keep up with the powerful kicks. "Pancakes? Are you crazy?"

Brynn grinned. "Well, we deserve some kind of treat for working so hard." 

Noelle sagged as she wiped the sweat from her forehead. "You're insane!"

Brynn shrugged and went back to her power kicks. "Oh, and remind me to give you something later. I have something that just might help you become more badass!" 

The instructor craned his neck extra-long and glared at them. "Ladies!"

When he looked away, Brynn stuck out her tongue.

Noelle shot an evil look at Brynn. Brynn replied by sticking out her tongue again. 

They both suddenly dissolved into giggles and went back to their kicks.

~~~

As soon as Kira heard the back door shut, she ran upstairs to Melinda's bedroom and began to dial. As she waited, she lay on the bed, plucked Melinda's ring from underneath the covers and slid it onto her finger.

Lexi picked up on the first ring. "Hello?"

"Hey girl," Kira panted. "Sorry about that. Had to send ol' girl off to work."

"Oh, ok." Lexi said. "Well?"

"Well what?"

"Well... is the mission accomplished?"

Kira twirled the Black AmEx card in her bejeweled hand. "You know it!" she laughed. "So. What time will you be ready to go 'shop 'till we drop?'" she asked as she headed, still nude, down to the kitchen.

~~~

Melinda sat in her garage, in her new metallic majestic-black Mercedes-Benz CL600 coupe. She'd told herself that she bought the car as a gift to herself for winning that $15 million judgment in the Rivera employment discrimination case. However, in moments where she was brutally honest with herself, she admitted that she really bought it because Kira spent more time in her new Porsche than she did.

"Why do I put up with her?" Melinda sighed as she gripped the steering wheel. "It's been, what, six months now? Why is she so important to me?"

Then she smiled wryly. "Oh yeah, she's the most uninhibited lover I've ever had. Damn. She does things to me like no one else I've ever been with." Melinda hit the button for the garage door as she rested her head on the headrest. "But why should great sex cost so much?"

As the garage door began to rise, she put the key in the ignition, then she paused. "She's playing me for a fool. I just know she is." 

However, at the thought of Kira's naked body, Melinda began to reconsider. "Maybe she really is a good girl. A girl just down on her luck."

Melinda turned the car on and put it into reverse. "Yeah. I'll just give her a little more time to come around," she mused as she put the car into reverse and began to back out of the garage.

Just as she reached the end of her driveway, her cell phone rang. She put the car into park, reached into her handbag on the passenger's seat and grabbed the phone.

"Hello, this is Melinda."

A deep masculine voice came on the line. "Hey, Melinda. This is Kael." Kael George was a senior associate at Melinda's law firm and worked in the Corporate Transaction and Finance department. 

"Hey, Kael. How are you?"

"Good, Melinda, good. Listen, do you have those Hamilton documents on you? I want to check the changes that you made to the terms of the contract before I call Mr. Hamilton this morning. I would have waited until you got in, but he wanted me to call him before 9am."

"Sure, Kael. They're in my briefcase. Hold on a sec."

Melinda cradled the phone between her ear and shoulder as she pulled her briefcase from in front of the passenger seat. "Just a sec," she said as she rifled though the papers in the briefcase. "Wait. I don't see them. Hold on."
