 I drove around for a while to comprehend what just happened. Clearly I liked it. Every time I thought about her touching me made my pussy moisten up. I did not want to lose hope that I could return back to being normal again. I wanted to have a husband and kids one day, but now I am not sure. I thought food could help me think more clearly and wanted to read my script. I needed to know if it was all a ruse to lure me into subduing to her succubus will. She was a sexual demon that had cursed me into lusting after women.

After finding a place that was not too crowded and stopping to ease my trouble mind. I slid my script into my purse before going inside and finding a table in the back. I gave my order to a waitress in an outfit that shows off her busty figure. She was around the same age as me, and cute as hell. I found myself wondering what did she taste like. I could not believe that had crossed my mind and how I could not stop myself from staring at her. Her lustful lips, fuck me eyes, the slenderness of her neck, and the firmness of her breasts was making me hungry for something that was not on the menu.

I regained control before she noticed I was undressing her with my eyes. I order a chicken salad and a diet coke. I could not help but watch her ass as she was walking away. The pants that she wore barely hid what I thought was a perfect butt. I could not understand how quickly I was turning into a lesbian. The sex was so mind blowing that my body wanted more and was craving another partner. I have not made it through one day and I already succumbing to my new desires. I could almost taste her sweet juices on my lips and feel her hands on my body.

I was afraid of all the sexual desires that were running through me. If I close my eyes, I could see myself kissing her tender lips and tasting her cherry lip gloss. Ripping her clothes off and eating her pussy in front of stun customers. Snapping out of it and wondering what did this all mean? Was I gay now? Could you be turned gay? Somehow I could not buy that and left me with one conclusion. I may have already been gay the whole time and that revelation scared me.

There were a lot of things that ran through my mind pointing to the fact this could be true. I dated a lot, but never actual enjoyed my time with guys. Could being kissed by Miss Stevenson woke something up that was dormant within me? That could explain why I went willingly into her arms and did not resist her fucking me. I wanted to hold on being straight and tried pushing those thoughts away.

I grab my script from my purse and my suspicions were right. It was a fake, and each scene was set up more like porn fictions than a play. Every scene ended with a lesbian fucking a straight girl and had my juices flowing. When my food finally arrived I could barely tear myself away from the script to eat. What I was reading had affected my taste buds and gave my dinner a more enjoyable flavor.

I was half way through the script before I noticed that I was being watched. A brunette with short hair, not so good complexion, in her late 40's, little over weight was staring at something underneath my table. I felt confusion at first and then embarrassment when it dawned on me. I was not wearing any panties because I lost them to Miss Stevenson. When reading I tend to sway my legs and almost showing her my pussy. My skirt was short enough to show off my lovely legs, but what she was hopping to see was still out of view. Not fully understanding what came over me and went on pure instinct. Maybe from readings that script turned me on a little too much, or something inside me wanting that woman to desire me. Whatever the reason and without much thought, I open my legs further apart. My heart was pounding hard against my chest and the excitement ran through my veins. I just exposed myself to a complete stranger and it turned me on immensely.

I thought her eyes were going to pop right out of her head when she got a full view of my cunt. She had a smile I knew that would stay with her for days. The thought of her going home and touching herself while thinking of me was making me hot. I could not believe how much changes I was going through in a few short hours. I was not only turning lesbian but an exhibitionist as well.

My waitress return to bring me another diet coke and caught me staring at her breasts. I felt ashamed of myself, but she did not seem to mind. When she return a few minutes later seeing if I needed anything else. She was more talkative and even a bit flirty. Taking her time clearing my table before getting my check. Making sure she got in the right position showing off her cleavage to me. She thought I was a lesbian, and using her lustful body to get a bigger tip. I have seen men get this treatment dozen of times, but never me.

I wanted to get back to my dorm room before doing something else I would regret. Being around the fairer sex was a distraction and was filling me with too much desire. I wanted to hide away from the world and get a good night sleep. I hoped by tomorrow my hormones would adjust back into place and I could forget this night ever happen.

*******************

After getting back to my room I slipped into my pajamas and grabbed one of my romance books. I wanted to reinforce myself that I was still into guys and grab the one with most graphic sex in it. Trying to focus on the words, but drifted away fantasying about the female lead character. Tossing my book down in defeat and promised myself that I will remain straight. I just needed time and was determined to fight my new founded lust with all my strength.

Kathy strolled in an hour later and smiling from ear to ear. It was obvious by the way she was prancing around the room that she had sex. I did not want to bring that topic up from the fear of falling into another lustful snare. We talked about other things and lied about what I did tonight.

The next couple of days I could tell I was fighting a losing battle. Living in this area of California where some women wear skimpy clothes all year round. The lust that was building within me made it very hard not to stare inappropriately at girls. It took all I had not to look at them when I was in the shower room. Seeing all the girls walking around in towels, or less was making me horny as hell.

I was still determined to beat this and got ready for my theatre class. I did not give any hint that she had affected my sexuality in any way. She went through her class as normal and acted like we never had sex. I found myself feeling hurt for being used in such a sexual way and pretended it never happened. I did not expect or wanted a relationship with her, but it still hurt being used by someone that you trusted. That was just one night of sex and nothing more to her. She got all she wanted from me and moved on.

The moment I realized the battle was lost was later that day. I was reading my science textbook when Kathy came back from the showers. Her wet blonde hair and glistening body made it hard for me to concentrate on my studying. She started applying lotion to her body, and that was when I knew I was in real trouble. I could feel my pussy moistening up as I gaze out of the corner of my eye. I watch the intoxicating show and was mesmerized by it. My heart was beating fast from the excitement that I was now feeling. Watching her hands rubbing lotion on her inner thighs made my heart skip a few beats. She removed the towel to apply lotion to her breasts and stomach. I could feel the heat between my legs and the juices that were flowing from it.

My panties were now drenched and I was fighting the urge to fuck my roommate. I knew I must give up this fight and accept my lust for women. If I did not feed this beast that was inside me soon, or I will lose control and attack the nearest girl. Since that person would more likely be Kathy and was the last thing that I wanted. I decided to give into my lust and fuck someone, but who. The only one that I knew was my teacher and did not want to give her the satisfaction turning me gay, but I did not have any other choice.

I felt humiliated crawling back to her to calm the raging sexual beast that was inside me. It was hungry and was beckoning me to sacrifice my humility on the altar of lust. The pride goes before the fall and I was gone at this point.

I wore something that was a little bit sexier than I normally would and trim my pubic hair. I left a thin line down the middle trying to copy hers. I was feeling shameful trying to get her approval and into my bed. I was better than this, but here I was ready to play the slut.

I usual do not wear skirts to class and especial one this short. I did not want to hold back anything and dressed like I was on a hot date. I had gotten a few whistles from the guys but I ignore them. I was not interested in chasing men and had an itch only a woman can scratch.

I waited until the class was over before approaching Miss Stevenson. I told her I needed to talk, and she led me into her office. She kept a professional attitude with me and gave no hint of her sexual perversions side. It was hard at first to get the words out and felt very foolish.

"I wanted to talk about... that night...we...uh...can we...maybe...do it...again?"

I was not brave enough to tell her that I needed to be fucked but try to be coy about it. She gave me a devilish grin and understood full well what I wanted, but she was not going to play fair. She was going to see how far I have fallen and take me a little bit deeper.

"Spread your legs my dear and show me your pussy."

I spread my legs showing her my pink panties with a wet spot on it. Since that night my pussy has gotten wet at a moment notice. It did not take much to get me into the mood and there were plenty of girls on campus that got my motor running. I stood up and slid my panties down to show her my newly trimmed pussy. She flashed me an approving smile of my new look and pushed me further into depravity.

"I want you to touch yourself. Put your fingers inside your cunt and make it wet for me."

I sat back down on the chair and spread my legs. I wanted to make sure she would not miss a thing and scooted my ass to the edge. I would do whatever she wanted if it leads to her between my legs. Sliding my fingers in and out slowly gathering my juices on them. I felt my breathing increase with the speed of my hand. Rocking my hips into my fingers to get it deeper inside me. I could feel my orgasm approaching and let out a long moan. I was about to cum all over her chair before she told me to stop.

Rising up from behind her desk, walking over to me and taking my panties from me. She pressed them into her face inhaling my scent. "You smell delicious my dear and good enough to eat. I would love to taste you again, but I never screw the same student twice. There are so many college girls needing a good screwing, and so little time to fuck them all." I felt like a fool for letting myself to be toyed around by her. The shame of letting her make me act like a slut was weighting heavy on me.

"Since you are my favorite student I will do you a favor just this once. My friend Lena is throwing a party tomorrow night and would not mind if I invited a lovely thing like you. I am sure there is someone that could take care of your...let say, little needs there. Oh, by the way, wear something revealing because nobody wants to fuck a prune."

I hated how she use her words to mock and belittle me. Seeing the person that she truly was made me feel foolish for falling for her lies. I was lured in by her charm and she used my dreams against me. Those girls were right about her and wish I had listened to them. The thing I hated the most about all this was that I would still fuck her. If she told me to eat her cunt and I would drop to my knees to devour it.

I was waiting for her to give back my panties and leave with some dignity, but instead she kept them. I had lost my panties once again to her, and hang my head in shame. I wonder how many girls had fallen prey to her, and would not be surprised if the number were in the triple digits. She seems to be the type that could seduce a nun into a scandalous affair. I did not think any woman would be safe around her.

"Before you go, here is the address for the party and one more thing my dear. We are going to do The Black Room and I have given you the role of Ellen. I really do think you are going to enjoy that role very much."

She was truthful to her word about giving me a main lead, but there was a twist to it. The play was an art piece on desire and forbidden love. The twist was that my character was secretly in love with another woman and ended up kissing her. This was a twisted joke that the audiences would never get.

***************************

Leaving her office in worse shape than I first enter it. My pussy was aching and was in a desperate need to be fucked. I was very wet from the pounding I was giving myself earlier. Being so close to cumming and stopping made my sexual desire nearly uncontrollable. Every woman I saw I wanted to rip their clothes off and fuck them right there. My body was burning with lust and needing to be satisfied. I could not believe she work me up this much and just to deny me. I could not take it any longer and enter the first restroom I saw. Seeing that I was alone before going into one of the stall to relieve myself. After I work out all my sexual frustration and was glad nobody was there to witness this fallen angel disgrace.

The changes that I was going through had turned my world upside down. I was straight and did not do slutty things. Now I am sexual desiring women and masturbating in a public bathroom. I was acting more like a slut each day. I wanted to be ashamed over my actions but felt liberated instead.

****************************

Kathy left earlier for some unknown engagement and leaving me to get ready without incident. I did not want to explain what I was doing, or have her wanting to tag along. The last thing I wanted for her to do is catch me fucking another girl. I had avoided an obstacle but now found myself facing another one.

It was frustrating to find something sexy to impress another girl with. This was all new for me and did not know what lesbians found hot. Miss Stevenson told me to wear something revealing but the only thing that I had was a white tank top. It was transparent enough to reveal what was beneath it. I usual wear it with another shirt or a bikini top. I decided to wear it braless with blue jeans for a sexy but naughty look.

The tank top cut down low showing off a deep cleavage and barely covering my belly button. My nipples were clearly visible behind the soft fabric. Checking myself out in the mirror to see if this was the look that I wanted. The jeans highlighted my ass, making it more round and appealing. I look really hot, and finding a new lover should be rather easy.

******************************

I sat in my car for a few minutes getting my nerve up to enter the house. After taking a deep breath I stepped out of my car and into the cool night air. I walked slowly to the door feeling a light breeze against my exposed skin. My nervousness and excitement of what was behind that door made my nipples hard. I kept telling myself that I was a predatory tiger on a hunt, but I knew I was more like a kitten needing something to lick. I knocked three times, and try to embrace myself for what was behind that door.

The door was open by a raven haired beauty and did not hide the fact she was staring at my tits. She, in fact, took great joy in staring at them. Asking me a series of questions before letting me in. She did not care for the answers, but only wanted an excuse to keep staring at them. If all the girls were just like her then I will have no problems sleeping with any of them. She seems very willing and was easy on the eyes, but I wanted to see what other beauties were here.

I decided to explore the house to see what other jewels may be hidden within. I have never been to a party like this before and was curious about it. The music was not blaring but softly flowing through the room mixing nicely with the atmosphere. There were two girls on the couch kissing passionately and few more around the room talking with beer in their hands.

Room after room, I saw more women either talking or kissing. Seeing all I needed to and decided it was time to head back to that girl, but I spotted some stairs. I was up a few steps before I heard a faint voice that was all too familiar saying something dirty. Something about wanting to be fuck hard and was coming from a nearby room with its door ajar. It could not be the person that I was thinking about and no way would she be here. Kathy was not gay, or at least I did not think she was. I have never seen her with a guy before but still that could not be her. I ease my head around the door to prove to myself that I was mistaken, but I wasn't. I saw Miss Stevenson fucking Kathy hard as she could against the wall. They would never notice I was there with their backs to me and Kathy moaning drowning out any sound that I could have made. They were both completely naked besides the strap-on that Miss Stevenson was wearing. Watching my roommate getting fucked was turning me on and was spellbound by it.

I felt myself being watched and turn to notice a woman few feet away from me. She was wearing the most sluttiest Catholic school girl uniform that I had ever seen. Her white shirt was not button but tied in a knot at the bottom with her breasts hanging out in a black lacy bra, the skirt was made for a thirteen years old that was cut off an inch from her groin, black silk stocking and high heels. I recognize her as Miss Stevenson friend that had seen my tits last week, and she was mouth watering hot. I figure she must be Lena, the person that was throwing this party. The way she move toward me was hypnotic that hypnotizes me with the sway of her hips. Placing herself behind me and guiding her hands gently over my body. She encouraged me to keep looking as she spoke seductively into my ear. I continue watching Kathy taking each thrust of that fake cock and letting out pleasurable grunts.

"I see you are taking a liking to Rachel new play thing." I was not use to hearing my teacher being called by her first name. It has always been Miss Stevenson in class and felt odd hearing it now. "Rachel have this fantasy about seducing every girl in one family. She had already fucked this girl sister a few years back and now having a go with her. It was a great achievement because she did not just seduce her but a friend of hers as well. Not everybody can turned two girls at the same time into lesbians. She has a fetish for straight girls and love turning them but sadly not this time. Someone else already had the pleasure introducing carnal pleasure to this minx."

I could feel her hands lightly caressing my body as she spoke. The electricity in her touch made my body feel alive with sexual energy. The longer she talk the bolder she got with her hands. Teasing me near my sensual areas and building up my sexual tension.

"I also had her sister and that slut knew just how to eat a pussy. This girl is letting her body be ravish by Rachel for the payment she owed her. She has a thing for her roommate and wanting to seduce her, but the poor thing did not know how. Rachel would only help her if she could fuck her, and she always get her way."

I was shocked to see a new side of Kathy and could not believe that I never knew. She was a lesbian and was lusting after me. How could I have not seen this? Kathy was going through a lot of trouble just to be with me. If she just told me herself and it would have been me fucking her against the wall. I guess things must happen on there own time. I could not do a thing about Kathy currently, but things with Lena was turning more intense.
