 "I'm not coming over." I said firmly into my cell phone.

"Oh come on girl! I've already rented 'Thelma and Louise' . I know you've always wanted to see that movie." begged my best friend Katrina. "I'll cheer you up. I promise."

"Trina, I don't know if that's such a good idea. I won't make very good company." I had told Trina that I had had a pretty bad day as an excuse not to come over her house for Movie Night, a little social she hosted for her friends at least once a month. The truth was, I had been avoiding her lately on purpose.

"Morgan, what's wrong with you? I haven't seen you in a few days. Did you have more feelings for Tracy than you let on?" Katrina and I had been close since college, and we never went more than a week without seeing each other, if only to stop by and say hello.

"No. Tracy and me were a temporary item. We didn't love each other."

"So what's wrong? Come on, More. Spit it out already!"

I opened my mouth to tell her the truth, but decided against it. I would only be setting myself up for heartbreak. Katrina, although she had her little kinks, was heterosexual. It would be best for our friendship if I didn't say anything to make her feel uncomfortable, or, at worst, make her hate me. Although Katrina knew I was a dyke, I didn't know how she would react if she knew I had those feelings for her. Losing her as a friend was something I didn't want to think about. "It's nothing. Really. Nothing important." I swallowed the lump in my throat.

"It's obviously something if you've been avoiding me." she replied. "You know if you don't come over, I'll just have to come over there."

"No! That's okay. I'll be right over." I hung up the phone quickly. Katrina would make good on her threat to come over. She had done it before and harassed me until I gave in. I just didn't know how I could keep my feelings for her a secret with the two of us alone. Two weeks earlier, we had been at the movie theater, watching a horror flick. On a whim, I had leaned in close for a kiss, but hesitated. Luckily, it had been dark, and I didn't think she noticed. Still, it was too close a call for me, someone who's usually calm and reserved. It was better if I went to Movie Night, and was around a group of friends. Not just Katrina. Hopefully then, I could control myself.

I put on a comfortable sweater(Katrina always kept the air turned up in her apartment) and khakis, but soon fussed over them, wondering if Katrina would think I was fat. I had to tell myself Katrina wouldn't give a shit because we were friends, not lovers. Eventually, I pulled myself together, and left.

When I arrived at Katrina's place, I was surprised to see Vicki and Donohue's cars were missing. They usually were on time. Concerned, I parked and ran to Katrina's apartment. I knocked on the door, and Katrina opened it quickly. My breath caught in my throat, momentarily forgetting what I was about to say. Katrina, was, as usual, gorgeous. Her hair, which hung in loose black curls past her shoulders, glistened with water. Her face was heart-shaped, with big brown eyes, a cute nose, and lips that would give Angelina Jolie a run for her money. I was finding it difficult to restrain myself from touching her beige-tan skin. 

"Morgan? You okay?" She asked, toweling her hair dry.

I kept my eyes on her face so I wouldn't look at her body. "You're wearing a towel."

"Sorry." she said, grinning. I bit my lip. Her smile was her best feature, lighting up her whole face. "I wanted to freshen up before you came over. I had one hell of a workout today."

I gulped. The last thing I needed to picture was her working out or showering. "Where's Vicki and Donohue?"

"I'm sure they'll be here in a few minutes. Have a drink while I get dressed." She took her time walking to her bedroom, and I took the opportunity to guiltily admire her behind. She had a round ass if ever there was one. The skimpy towel she was wearing didn't hide any of her curves. I forced myself to open her fridge for a drink. Unfortunately, all she had was Heineken and Baileys Irish Cream. I frowned and changed my mind. The last thing I needed to do was to get fucked up and tell the truth. I closed the fridge and went into the living room to slouch on the couch miserably.

After about ten minutes, I was getting nervous. Katrina was pretty low maintenance. Jeans and a t-shirt were her most common accessories. What the hell was taking her so long? "Trina? What's going on in there? Did you fall in the toilet?"

I heard Trina's muffled laughter. "Come and find out."

Although I was tempted, Katrina was a notorious flirt with everyone. Male and female. I assumed she wasn't serious. "Stop playing Katrina. Vicki and Donohue are going to be here any minute."

"Then you better hurry and find out fast."

"No." I folded my arms stubbornly.

"Are you scared of a little surprise? Open the door, Morgan."

"I really don't feel like playing games today, Katrina. Could you just come out here already?"

"As you wish." Katrina threw her door open and strode out wearing a black leather bustier, a thong with fishnet stockings and garters, and black high heels. Her dark red lipstick and black eye shadow made her look frightening, not to mention the fact she was brandishing a riding crop.

I jumped off the couch. Katrina had told me about her D/s fetish, but I had never expected her to show me. "Katrina, why are you wearing all that?"

"You'll soon find out." she grinned evilly, licking the handle of her crop.

I had one experience with S&M which wasn't a pleasant experience. I had once had a girlfriend who liked to be choked while we had sex. After attempting that once, I couldn't do it again. "I don't think so. Vicki and Donohue-"

"Aren't coming tonight. But you are." I shook my head in disbelief, even though I was still attracted to her. This was not my scene. If she dressed up as anything else, I would have gladly agreed to whatever freaky shit she had in mind. I simply did not do whips, chains and handcuffs. Katrina laughed at my reluctance. "For someone who's butch, you sure as hell don't act like it."

That comment burned me up. I was always the dominant female in a relationship. I had the shortest hair, opened the doors, and paid for the dates. And I damn sure wasn't afraid of anything. "Do you want me to dominate you, Katrina? Is that what you want?"

"Maybe some other time. That's not what I have in mind tonight." She turned around to flaunt her ass-less outfit. Her cheeks were more perfect than I had ever imagined. "Are you coming?" Whatever she had I mind, I decided I was up for it. I started to follow her in, but then I saw the new 'decorations' she had been hinting at for the past month. In the middle of the room, there was a hook hanging from a chain connected to the ceiling, a Saint Andrew's Cross that was leaning backwards, and two pairs of handcuffs on the bed.

"Katrina, I-"

"Don't tell me you're scared, girl." she grinned at me, sitting on her bed. "Come here. And close that door." I obeyed, letting my curiosity get the better of me. I had to admit, once the initial shock wore off, she looked good in leather. I wondered how she could breathe in the leather bustier she had on. Her half-covered tits rose and fell with her every breath. I couldn't keep my eyes off her. "Come on. Don't be shy." I went over to her and sat next to her on the bed. "I have a confession to make, More. I need your help with something."

I held my breath, hoping she would say she loved me. "Yeah?"

"I just bought all this new stuff, and I was wondering if you could help me try it out."

My little flag of hope sagged to the ground. "Oh." I felt stupid. Katrina was always a flirt in every situation. Why had I thought tonight would be any different?

"Don't say that! It'll be fun! You like being adventurous with me, don't you?"

I looked away from her. "This isn't really my thing."

"That girl you had was a real freak!" We both laughed at the joke. "But seriously. Most subs don't want to be strangled. They just want someone they can trust. Someone to make them feel special." Katrina ran her crop handle over her neck suggestively. "As a matter of fact, some people are submissive and don't even know it."

I folded my arms in irritation. "What would I have to do?"

"Just obey my instructions. That's it." she grinned. 

"That's it?"

"Yup. This equipment is more fragile than it looks, so it's very important that you do what I tell you."

I covered my eyes with my hand. "Okay. I'll do it."

"Great!" she told me. "Now take off your clothes."

I froze. "What?"

"You have to do exactly what I say, More. It'll be okay." she reassured me, patting my hand.

"Katrina, of all the crazy shit we've done, I have to say, this tops everything."

"Well," she admitted, biting her lips, "I was hoping it would." Before I could give her a weird look, she continued. "Oh come on. We'll try out some of my equipment, and then we can chill out with a little Bailey's Irish Cream. How does that sound?"

The Bailey's did sound good at a time like this. "Alright. But I'm not getting shit faced."

When Katrina beamed at me, I knew it was all worth it. "Good. Now get undressed while I get these straps ready." She went to the cross and started loosening the ankle and wrist straps. I undressed myself hurriedly, and tried to hide as much of my boobs and pussy as I could with my hands. Katrina laughed at me. "It's nothing I haven't seen before, Morgan."

"You don't think I look fat?"

"Of course you're not fat! Girl, get on that cross! You're so silly." My cheeks burned at my own lack of confidence, but I got into position on the cross, and Katrina strapped me in. At once, I was uncomfortable. My legs were spread wide, and my hands were secured above my head. "Struggle a little. I want to see if you can break loose." I did, but my bounds held me fast. The cross didn't so much as move an inch. "Good. I'll be right back."

"Katrina! Don't you dare leave me here!" 

"Don't worry, hun. I'll be right back. I'm just getting a little something from the kitchen." She said, winking as she left the room. I just lay there, wondering what the hell I had gotten myself into. Was she coming back, or was this just a joke? When I heard her microwave turn on, I breathed a sigh of relief. When she came back in the room, she was holding a clear plastic bowl full of honey. "I hope you're not hungry. I didn't bring you anything." She grinned evilly.

"Well, gee, thanks." I squirmed a little in my restraints. "Are you going to let me out of here now?"

Katrina looked at me and giggled. "No."

"Trina, cut the shit. You can see that this cross can hold up my body weight."

Katrina shook her head, dipping her finger in the honey and licking it. "I have to give that a real test. But first, I'm going to eat." She started dipping her finger in the honey and pulling it out for slow licks. I closed my eyes, annoyed. I didn't want to look at her and get turned on.

"Are you done yet?" I asked impatiently after a minute or two.

"No." she whispered in my ear. I jumped in surprise.

"Don't do that!" I yelped.

"Don't do what? Don't do this?" She asked, dumping the rest of her honey on me, making sure to cover my breasts and upper thighs with it. It was warm and sticky, making me want to curl my toes in ecstasy. "Now, More," she said, whispering in my ear. "If you get any of this honey on my cross, I'll have to punish you." she immediately started licking the honey from my stomach.

"Katrina, stop! This is no longer funny!" I protested, not wanting to like it.

"I'm not doing anything wrong. I'm just having a snack." she grinned at me. She started licking my inner thighs, swirling her tongue next to my pussy.

"Trina, stop. Please..." I moaned. This had to be some kind of game. If I came, or showed any sign of arousal, she'd make fun of me. I just knew it!

"Okay. I'll stop licking you there. You might get the wrong idea." She relented, winking at me. However, she just moved up my torso, licking the rest of my stomach before stopping at my breasts. "Shit. You've got honey-tits. I guess I better fix that." She immediately started sucking the honey off my left breast voraciously.

"Kat-trina! Don't...please..." I panted. If she started on my other one, I knew I wouldn't be able to stop myself from coming.

"Oh, stop whining. I'm almost done." she told me in an annoyed tone. She started sucking on my right breast. I moaned, unable to hold myself back any more. I felt my pussy water, and I faintly wished I could touch myself. My legs started shaking as I silently orgasmed. "More?" She whispered in my ear when she finished, "Are you okay?"

"Uh, yeah." I managed to say. I tried to close my legs to hide the fact that I was leaking pussy juice all over her cross, but my restraints made that impossible.

"What are you doing?" asked Katrina, looking at my thighs. She looked shocked when she saw my arousal. "Shit, Morgan! Did you have to cum all over my equipment? This is going to have to cleaned now!"

"Well, I told you not to-"

"Don't get an attitude with me, More. That would not be a good idea." she looked really pissed off.

"What are you talking about?"

"That's it! I'm getting the crop!" She took the riding crop that she had left lying on her bed and brandished it at me threateningly.

"You can't do that to me Katrina! I'm your best friend! Please don't!"

"I've had just about enough of your mouth, young lady!" She turned on her heel and retrieved a black silk scarf from her dresser drawer and forcefully gagged me with it. "There. All better." Once I was gagged, she lost her angry expression, and went back to her teasing attitude. She trailed her riding crop handle down my torso, teasing my pussy with it. I tried to shift away from it, but of course, I couldn't go anywhere. "What? You don't like that?" I shook my head no. "Relax, and you might really enjoy yourself." I shook my head again. "I'm going to be honest with you, Morgan. I'm curious about the way you've been acting lately." She spider walked her fingers across my stomach. "I know you've been keeping something from me. I guess I'm going to have to get a little...rough to get to the bottom of your little secret." She aimed a blow to my inner thigh, stinging my still-wet skin. I grunted around the gag. "Did you like that?" I shook my head. Katrina licked the spot where she had hit me. "Did you like that?" I looked away, trying not to look at her. "Good." Katrina struck me several times, and each time, she would follow up with a kiss or lick. I didn't want to like it, but I did. I was losing the game. Katrina removed the gag.

"You're a sadistic bitch!" I cried in frustration. "What the hell is wrong with-" Katrina gagged me again.

"Let's try this again!" Katrina continued to strike me, this time, focusing on my stomach. I started to feel weak. Katrina stopped to remove my gag. "Are you giving in?" 

"What do you want from me?" I just wanted her to stop.

"I want to know what's been going with you. You've been avoiding me, and I want to know why." She seemed genuinely concerned.

"Is that why you're doing all this?"

"Of course! You can't avoid me for two weeks and not expect me to get pissed off. Now what's up?"

I shook my head. "This is twisted. Even for you, Trina. I'm not telling you a damn thing."

Katrina gagged me again. "Suit yourself." She started on my beasts. I cried out against my gag, biting into it. Eventually, Katrina stopped and removed the gag. "Ready to tell me?"

"Now I'm definitely not telling!" My breasts were sore and tender. Even the cold, heavy air made them sting.

"Teasing hasn't worked, pain hasn't worked...I guess I'll have to fuck you now." 

"What!?"

"You heard me. I'm getting the fattest dildo I can find, and I'm going to fuck you with it. Maybe then you'll stop hiding shit." Katrina pulled out a black metal briefcase from under her bed and removed a long, blue dildo. She pressed it against my opening testingly. "You're so wet, I don't even need lube." She slid it into me slowly, making sure my pussy adjusted to the dildo's thickness. I moaned loudly. I had never been a fan of oversized dildos, but watching the woman I loved fuck me with one quickly changed my mind. I lost myself in in the rhythm of her strokes, enjoying myself for the first time all night. "I told you I was going to cheer you up!" she grinned, slapping my tits enthusiastically. The pain only heightened my pleasure, making my pussy clench the dildo tighter. It didn't take me long to cum, making the cross shake with a long, shuddering orgasm. "Had enough?" she asked, flicking the sweat from her long locks. "Do you have something to tell me now?"

I nodded, deciding I could finally relent. Katrina released me from the leather straps, and I slid to the floor in a heap. "Oof!" I cried out, not able to brace myself in time.

"Come on. Up with you!" She told me, giving me a hand up. "Girl, you act like you've never been fucked before!"

"Well, not by best friend..." I whispered, still a bit weak.

"Sorry about that. Guess I got a bit carried away. I just can't resist fucking someone tied up." I didn't realize I was crying until Katrina touched my face. "More? You okay?"

Now I definitely couldn't tell her how I felt! It was just sex to her. Just a mindless, spontaneous fuck. "I just need to go home, right now..." The humiliation was more than I was prepared to deal with. I stumbled, trying to pick up my clothes, feeling more than physical pain.

"Whoa, girl. Hold your horses. You'll crash your car if you can't settle down. Just sit on my bed for a sec." I was too weak to argue, but when I recovered, I swore to myself I'd give her a piece of my mind. Katrina left the room and came back with some water for both of us. "Here." She gave me a bottle of drinking water. "This'll help."

I couldn't bear to be so close to her after what we had done together. "Katrina. I need to go home."

"Why? Didn't you have fun?" She asked, winking.

I calmly stood up and got dressed in an attempt to hide my ragged emotions. I tried to leave the room, but Katrina stood in my way. "Please move, Trina."

"Not until you spill the beans. I want to know all about your little secret."

"It's not a good idea!"

"What's the matter with you? Did you rob a bank or something?"

"If you care about our friendship at all, even a little, then you won't ask me this, Trina."

Katrina hugged me unexpectedly. "Whatever is, we can get through it together."

"I'm in love with you." I whispered into her neck before I could take it back.

Katrina sighed deeply. "I thought so." 

"What?" I pulled away from her. "You knew?"

"You tried to kiss me at the movies." She told me quietly.

I bit my lip, not wanting to look at her. "So...what now?"

"You don't think I went through all the trouble of setting you up for a little D/s without really wanting to fuck you?" I interrupted her chuckle with a kiss, savoring her lips. Katrina hugged me, and we enjoyed a slow, first kiss.

"You taste like honey." I said, grinning.

"Of course I do. I've been tasting you all night!" She chuckled, kissing me again.

Something in the back of my head just wasn't right. I broke away from her. "Did you have to hurt me like that?"

"The whip makes your body more sensitive. Let me show you." She moved her hand under my shirt and lightly smoothed it over my stomach, kissing me all the while. I moaned from the unfamiliar feelings of pain and pleasure mixed together. "Feel that?"

"Yeah. Is that how it feels every time? After, I mean."

"Oh yes." She grinned and we kissed again, getting to know our mouths. I trailed my hands down to her ass, gripping them firmly. "Do you want something else from me, Morgan?" Katrina teased, kissing the nape of my neck.
