 *Author's Note: Any and all persons engaging in any sexual acts are at least eighteen years of age.

Chapter 1

Amber Goldman came to slowly. It was dark in the bedroom, she was warm, the bed was firm, but not hard and lumpy, and there were wonderful smells coming into her consciousness. She looked around and panicked slightly. She didn't recognize anything in the dim light of the nightlight. Then she remembered; she was living in a new apartment.

----

The five foot seven inch girl was living in a new apartment, with another girl, one that had filed a sexual harassment claim against her just six days earlier. She'd deserved it, though; sending the other girl an endless stream of lesbian jokes, without knowing that the other girl was gay. 

Violet was obviously willing to let bygones be bygones and had agreed to share the expenses of the two-bedroom apartment with her. 

Amber needed a new bed; the old one was full of roaches and rodents. Rather than make Amber sleep on a small, cramped loveseat, Violet just let the girl share her bed until they could get her a new one. She felt tears come to her brown eyes at the thought of Violet's generosity and friendship.

----

She got to her feet and padded down the hallway toward the kitchen. She walked around the corner to see Violet's upturned ass peeking out of her apron. She looked at the light blonde tuft and the pink slit and the puckered pink anus, then cleared her throat, blushing furiously.

Violet screeched in surprise, then burst out laughing as she whirled around. Amber blushed deepened as she looked at Violet's large breasts threatening to spill out on either side of the apron. Violet returned her blush.

"Sorry, I'm always afraid to get my nightgowns dirty; they're real silk, so I just put an apron on," she stammered.

"Is there any coffee?" Amber asked and averted her eyes from Violet's beautiful, voluptuous body.

"Not yet, I just turned it on," Violet said and turned back around and resumed pulling the cinnamon buns out of the oven. She turned the oven off and drizzled the icing over the six large buns that sat in the pan.

"Those smell great," Amber said.

"Thanks," Violet said and reached for the plates and mugs. Amber watched Violet's exposed flesh, as the apron did not meet in the back, and then turned away in embarrassment.

"Go sit at the table, I'll bring breakfast in a minute," Violet said and Amber scurried away, grateful for the tactful escape Violet had offered.

----

Amber stared at the beautiful red silk nightgown that Violet wore as she carried the tray to the table. It had two spaghetti straps over her pale shoulders, and dipped between Violet's large breasts, which threatened to spill out on the sides. The gown reached to the floor, but the back was bare to the very top of Violet's plump rear.

"No wonder you didn't want to get that dirty," she said and bit into the flaky bun. "It's beautiful."

They'd finished breakfast and Violet had smiled happily as Amber helped her make the bed. 

Amber had scurried out of the room as Violet began to get ready for work; Violet had no qualms about dropping her gown to the floor in front of Amber. She'd run to her own room, found some clothes that didn't need to be ironed too badly, applied her make-up, and found her shoes. 

Now, a dressed and smiling Violet was handing her a brown paper bag.

"What's this?" she asked.

"Lunch," Violet said simply.

"Are you kidding me?" Amber said, delighted. "This is great! You're the best!"

"Not too bad for a big old dyke, huh?" Violet said and locked the door behind them.

"I am so sorry about that," Amber said, the smile fading.

"Don't be," Violet smiled. "I've gotten over it, you should too."

Chapter 2

Amanda Peterson smiled to the two young ladies as they stepped onto the elevator. Mr. Ubelhorn's daughter stepped on just after Ms. Smith hit the button for the eleventh floor and slid into a corner, as far away from Violet and Amber as the small box would let her get, and would not look up. 

Amanda wondered if it was Ms. Smith, or Ms. Goldman that Ms. Ubelhorn had the problem with. Other than a brief pause in the excited chatter between Ms. Smith and Ms. Goldman, there was no indication from either of the other two that there was any trouble or discomfort.

Lori smiled widely at the three young women as they entered the lobby. Only Violet and Amber returned the red head's smile, though. Amanda continued to observe them while the elevator doors slid shut.

----

Gustav did not seem to notice his daughter's unhappiness as he piled more papers onto the desk.

"Good morning, Poppa," she quietly said.

"Hmph!" he groused. "Paula just e-mailed me her resignation, so now I have to find a replacement for her, then Kenneth calls me and he wants to interview Violet for a vacancy upstairs, not such a good morning."

"Violet?" Scarlett said, surprised. 

Secretly, she was elated. Seeing Violet every day while she waited for the Spring Semester to start was tearing her heart apart. If Violet were moved upstairs, she'd most likely only have to see her again during the most important of company functions; the two floors rarely intermingled.

----

Violet was feeling physically ill; why was Mr. West calling her upstairs? Did Scarlett file some bogus complaint against her in the hopes of getting her fired? She ran to the ladies room and tried to compose herself.

"Well, might as well face him and get it over with," she finally told herself and smiled half-heartedly at Lori as she waited for the elevator.

----

Mr. West did not let any information come out as he asked Violet a couple of questions. She answered as honestly and completely as she could and was just as confused after the interview as she was before being shown into Mr. West's office by a blank faced Amanda Peterson.

"Well?" Amanda asked from the doorway.

"She's perfect," Kenneth had to admit and Violet felt like screaming for someone to tell her what they were talking about.

"Welcome to HR," Amanda said and shook Violet's hand. "I knew I'd made the right choice when I saw you this morning with Ms. Goldman and you two were friendly toward each other. Most people, once they file charges, that's it, they never talk to the other person again."

"You start on Monday, if that's okay," Kenneth said and also shook Violet's hand.

Kenneth had to admit, Violet would be a welcome change up in the Human Resources Department for Ubelhorn & Associates. Most of the employees were in there fifties or sixties. The few younger women were militant feminists, seeming to delight in dressing as unattractively and business like as possible. The five foot three inch woman, with her large breasts (she was very uncomfortable in a forty Double D bra) and nicely rounded backside (she hated the Plus Size underwear she was forced to buy) would be pretty nice to look at. He liked her light blonde hair and pale blue eyes also; he did manage to look above her breasts to her round face during their interview.

----

"You have got to be kidding me," Amber said as Violet shared the information with her over their lunched break.

"And it pays forty eight thousand a year to start!" Violet whispered excitedly.

"Oh," Amber said and put the turkey sandwich down. "Now you don't need me as a roommate!" she burst into sobs.

"I most certainly do!" Violet protested. "Amber! I need someone to be there when I get home! Someone I can talk to!"

"You sure?" Amber sniffed and wiped the tears away with the back of her hand.

"Amber, a new job and more money doesn't mean I won't need friends," Violet said and squeezed Amber's hand.

Chapter 3

"Oh, no, Anthony's not in today, it's his day off," the salesman smiled apologetically. He wasn't going to let a possible six thousand dollar sale slip away from him again.

"Will he be in tomorrow?" Violet asked.

"I don't know, I'm not sure really," the salesman lied.

"He's at lunch, he'll be back in about forty minutes," Sara said out loud as she walked from the loading dock where she'd been enjoying her occasional cigarette. She didn't know why she didn't just quit; she only smoked two or three a day.

"Oh," Violet said and glared at the salesman, who instead of being embarrassed at being caught in a lie, was busily glaring at the cashier.

"Come on, we'll pick out your furniture while we wait for Anthony," Violet said to Amber and the pair wandered around the store.

"She's back," Sara nodded with her head toward the chubby chick that had given him such a tremendous push in commission points last week and Anthony smiled a genuine smile when he saw Violet.

"Hello," he smiled and she smiled back.

"She needs a bedroom suite," Violet said simply and Anthony watched another seventeen hundred dollar sale fall into his lap.

"You want queen or full?" Violet asked as Anthony was writing up the ticket.

"Um, I don't know," Amber said, not sure of which was better.

"Well, mine's a queen," Violet said to give Amber a point of comparison.

"Oh, I don't need one that big," Amber said.

"Oh, and I do?" Violet said in mock anger. "With my big old butt, you mean?"

"No, no, I didn't say that!" Amber laughed.

"It's in case, you know, you have company," Violet whispered to Amber.

Anthony was hoping he could be that company; Amber was his kind of woman. He loved the bone thin look in his women. Her big nose was a little bit of a turn-off, but other than that, she was perfect. He covertly admired her slim waist and nicely rounded ass). Slap Violet's tits on her, and Anthony would have proposed marriage on the spot.

----

"And we can have it delivered Friday night, okay?" Sara asked as she totaled the ticket.

"That long?" Amber asked, slightly worried about another three nights in Violet's bed.

In answer, Violet touched Amber's hand.

"Caught it yet?" she quietly asked.

Sara smiled as the two women shared a laugh and asked for Violet's ID as Violet tore the check out of the book.

"Well, Happy early Birthday," she said and slid the driver's license back.

"Thanks," Violet smiled and put her identification away.

"No way!" Amber said, mouth open in surprise. "When's your birthday?"

"Tomorrow," Violet said.

"Mine too!" Amber squealed.

"Well, Happy early Birthday to you too," Sara smiled.

"Thanks," Amber shrugged and looked at her roommate.

"So, um, what you want to do for our birthday?" she asked.

Violet looked at Sara and cocked an eyebrow.

"Do you work Saturday night?" Violet asked the young woman.

"Saturday? I get off at five," Sara said and swallowed, a little nervously.

"Cake and ice cream at our place, seven o'clock," Violet said directly to Sara. "I'd really like it if you could come."

"Got your address right here," Sara said and smiled while blushing hotly.

----

"I cannot believe you asked her for a date!" Amber said for the hundredth time as they drone back to the apartment.

"Truthfully, I can't either," Violet laughed. "But you have to admit, she is pretty cute."

Chapter 4

Amber slipped the two men a ten-dollar bill each when they delivered the furniture. She wore a tank top that had been cut to just under her small breasts and a pair of cut-off jeans shorts, and Violet stood just behind her in a tight tee shirt over her ample breasts and a pair of gym shorts. The men didn't complain about the stinginess of the tip as they thanked her and left the apartment.

"We have to put it together?" Amber wailed. "I don't know how to do that!"

"Who do you thick put everything else together in this apartment?" Violet laughed and began cutting boxes open.

-----

Amber knelt on the floor, resting on her elbows and read the directions aloud to Violet. Violet tightened the screws for the chest of drawers and looked over to ask Amber for the next step.

"Damn it, Amber, go put on a shirt, please," an exasperated Violet complained.

Amber's small breast hung down completely exposed by the loose top. Violet had an unobstructed view of Amber's small nipples and pale mounds.

Amber sat up and looked at her shirt. She looked at Violet, smiled mischievously and quickly lifted the hem of the top and flashed her 30A-sized tits at Violet before bounding to her feet and disappearing into the closet for a longer shirt.

"Tease," Violet smiled as Amber came back out and again bent to the task of reading the directions.

"Attach the locking mechanism to the bottom shelf, then lock the door into place with the screwdriver included in the pouch," Amber intoned.

"There, how's that look?" Violet asked and began to pull the long dresser box over to the opposite wall.

"Wow, That's great!" Amber said. "But, um, shouldn't we put the bed together next?"

"No, I need as much room as I can for putting this thing together; the bed would be  right in the way," Violet explained. "Why? Do I snore? Is that why you need your own bed?"

"No," Amber giggled. "I thought you might be tired of MY snoring."

"Not yet," Violet admitted.

(Her first lover, Scarlett Ubelhorn had snored lightly. Violet missed laying next to her and listening to the sweet, rhythmic breathing. Amber's snoring was a few decibels higher than Scarlett's, but it was strangely comforting to the lonely girl.)

----

Scarlett sat and listened as Grant, or was it Brent, went on and on about some stupid hunting trip he'd been on in the Glacier park. According to the On-Line dating service, she and Brent, or was it Grant, were a twenty-point match out of thirty points.

"What do you expect for a free service?" she asked herself out loud. 

She looked at her wristwatch, not bothering to be discrete, but Grant or Brent didn't' notice. She saw the date in the little window and burst into tears. She had forgotten Violet's birthday two days earlier.

"Oh, no, no!" Brent or Grant protested. "The cub wasn't harmed at all!"

"Look, this isn't going to work, okay?" she said and got to her feet and left the coffee shop they'd agreed to meet at. "Thanks for the coffee, have a nice life, okay?"

----

"Thank you so much," Amber enthused and hugged a very sweaty Violet.

"Don't, please," Violet protested and lightly pushed herself away from Amber.

"Sorry," a subdued Amber said and looked down at the floor.

"I'm all hot and sweaty and I stink," Violet said gently, trying to explain why she pushed the other girl away.

She hurriedly entered the bathroom, adjusted the taps and stripped off her sweaty clothing.

"And I am so fucking horny I could pop!" she said to herself as she used the hand held shower nozzle to masturbate with.

Amber waited patiently until Violet came out of the bathroom.

"How about now?" she asked Violet, who was brushing her damp hair out.

"Huh?" Violet asked.

"Can I hug you now?" Amber asked and before Violet could answer, Amber hugged her friend.

"Don't hug me too much," Violet said after a minute. "You are going to pay me back for that stuff."

"Damn it!" Violet heard from the other bedroom a moment later.

"What?" Violet asked, putting her cell phone back in her purse. 

Scarlett had left a long, rambling, sobbing message; it almost sounded as if Scarlett was drunk.

"I don't have any sheets!" Amber complained and appeared in Violet's doorway.

"Well, you have two choices," Violet smiled. "Either get in your car and go to Wal-Mart or get in bed."

She flipped the comforter back and smiled as amber disappeared, then reappeared a moment later, dressed in her pajamas.

On the outside, she was smiling, but on the inside she was hurting. She still loved and missed Scarlett; rarely drew a breath without thinking about her. The message had been an apology for forgetting Violet's birthday.

Amber watched as her roommate knelt down by her side of the bed.

"I haven't forgotten yours," Violet thought and let a tear trickle down. "April first."

"Dear God, please help my friend find what she is looking for, even if it isn't me," she prayed.

"What are you doing?" Amber asked.

Violet opened her tearing eyes and looked at Amber.

"Praying," she whispered, afraid of speaking too loudly, lest her voice crack and her anguish be evident to Amber. 

She did not want to have to answer any questions.

Amber shrugged, then got out of bed and knelt by her side of the bed too. If praying worked for Violet, who was she to argue? 

"Um," she said after a moment. "How do you pray?"

"I generally thank God for a wonderful day and if I need anything, I ask him for it, if He thinks I need it too," Violet smiled despite her pain.

"But suppose it's been a horrible day?" Amber whispered, afraid God might overhear them.

"No day is a horrible day," Violet said. "You can always find something to be grateful for. A nice soft bed, good food, someone's smile."

"You're right!" Amber said and smiled and closed her eyes to pray.

"Or a lover that calls and tells you she's sorry she forgot your birthday," Violet thought. "At least she called."

Chapter 5

Scarlett took another sip of the horrible tasting whiskey and shuddered. Alcohol and self-pity mix very well, producing even more depressive thinking. Finally, the alcohol won out and Scarlett curled up on the couch and slept.

----

Amber's snoring filled Violet's ears and she slept soundly.

----

"Maybe I should go over there," Scarlett thought to herself as she vomited into the toilet. "Tell her I'm sorry, it's all a big mistake."

Unused to alcohol and therefore unused to hangovers, Scarlett was fortunate to be able to make it to the bathroom. She wasn't going to be able to venture much further than that for much of the day. 

With a groan, she remembered she had another date that afternoon, to go to a University of Georgia basketball game. She hoped that free Internet dating service had done a better job this time.

----

"Two hundred thread count is the smallest I'd go," Violet said as Amber dressed to go shopping for a set of sheets. Four hundred is even better, that's what I have. "And make sure to get a mattress pad."

"Sure you won't come with me?" Amber begged.

"The cake's not going to make itself," Violet smiled. 

She recognized that it had taken some minor miracles for Amber to go from being uncomfortable around her to wanting her company.

"But first things first," she thought as the door closed behind Amber. 

It had been six long nights without being able to watch any pornographic dvds, Amber was always there and Violet knew the movies would just make Amber uncomfortable or worse yet, nervous around Violet; so she simply waited for an opportunity like this one.

'Lesbian Leather' flashed on the screen of the television in her bedroom. 

Violet struggled out of her jeans and underwear. She pulled her tee shirt up and began the delicious task of pinching her nipples to hardness. She placed the alligator clips on the hard nubs and groaned as her first orgasm rippled through her.

On the screen, the leather-clad dominatrix was binding her female slave to a four-poster bed. 

Violet lightly stroked her finger up and down her dripping wet slit, remembering a time that Scarlett had tied her to her bed and blindfolded her. Scarlett had mercilessly teased Violet, pouring honey on various parts of her body and then slowly licking it off of her.

"Oh, shit!" Violet cried out and shuddered in another orgasm.

She dug two fingers into her wetness, and then lightly drummed her thumb against her clitoris. On screen, the brunette dominatrix bound the slave's breasts. Violet thought briefly of submitting to Scarlett, of letting her bind her breasts tightly, of letting scarlet lightly slaps the straining flesh.

"Oh, shit!" she grunted and clenched her teeth tightly as a powerful orgasm rippled through her from her toes to the roots of her hair.
