 Sunny lowered her bulk onto the mattress and took Monica with her. Her large breasts swam about as she settled herself, her stomach rolling in time with them. Monica leant forward and scraped one nail across each of Sunny's nipples. The black woman closed her eyes, bit her lip and moaned in pleasure as the sensation coursed through her, her nipples contracting with pleasure.

Monica leant further forward and took one dark nipple between her lips and sucked it into her mouth, sucking on it hard, her tongue running across it quickly, her teeth latching onto the nub. Sunny put her hand on the back of Monica's head and pulled her into her. The pale skinned woman moved in against her, bodies touching as Sunny's fingers started to move over her skin.

Black against white, flowing, moving like rivulets of chocolate running down Monica's back, a deep groan leaving Sunny as Monica teased. 

Mel lay entwined with Jules and broke the kiss turning her head to watch them. Her thighs wrapped around Jules' hips, her fingers playing with Jules' hair.

"Not bad for a beginner eh?" Mel said with a wry smile.

"Nope not bad at all, like the proverbial duck." Jules laughed.

"Speaking of ducks...." Mel left the sentence open as she gathered Jules in once more.

She placed one hand on each cheek of her arse, squeezing gently. Jules sighed and put her hands either side of Mel's face. The two women's stomachs moved against each other as Jules kissed Mel softly, still unsure of herself and her movements but knowing what she wanted. Her hands slid around the back of Mel's neck, winding softly into her hair, breasts smooshing together, Jules nipples against the satin of Mel's corset.

The two women moaned softy as they lost themselves in their kiss and Mel wrapped her arms around Jules. In one swift movement she rolled them both over until she was on top and taking control. Mel wound her fingers tightly into Jules' hair and pulled it back as much as her position would allow. Jules broke the kiss and moaned, her head going back, exposing her throat. Mel bent forward and bit into her exposed neck, sucking the flesh, leaving her mark as her teeth dug deeply, leaving bruising on one side of her neck.

Jules moaned and ran her hands over Mel's back, across the smooth satin of her corset until she reached the bow of the laces. With a pull they came undone and Jules quickly loosened them.

Mel let go of Jules' hair and sat up slowly. As she played with Jules' nipples, Jules made herself busy, her fingers flicking at the hooks and eyes running from bottom to top, each flick of the fingers revealing more of Mel's flesh until finally only the top two were left. Jules flicked the last two undone and the corset fell backwards to lie across Jules' thighs. Mel gathered it up and threw it towards the nearest chair. Jules slid her hands into Mel's panties and grabbed her backside. Mel leaned forward once more and lifted her bottom up to let Jules slide her panties over her hips and down towards her thighs. Mel then took over from Jules and wriggled them down her thighs towards her knees, stretching them tight.

Jules giggled and lifted one foot up, sliding it up Mel's calf and hooking her big toe into Mel's panties. With a lot of giggling and wriggling and a little effort, Mel's panties finally reached her ankles, where she flicked them off and to one side, laying clad only in her stockings, she sighed as her skin melded into Jules'. Her fingers wound into Jules' hair once more and she exposed Jules' neck as the woman below her moaned. Mel bit deeply, moaning as she did, harder until she left her mark on Jules' pale skin, small red welts in a circle, bright in the hollow of her throat. Jules' hands meanwhile moved up from Mel's hips to pay homage to her nipples in the way that Monica had to Sunny's. One hand cupped Mel's full breast as the other travelled, nails first, down her spine. Mel shivered and moaned softly.

Sunny and Monica were, meanwhile, engrossed in each other. Sunny had taken over and was now fully in charge of Monica. The large black woman was slowly making her way down Monica's body, her size belaying her flexibility as she moved down to straddle Monica's knees, sitting on her haunches as she watched the pale skinned woman move about. Sunny leant forward and took Monica's hardened nipples between her finger and thumb. With a quick and vicious twist, she pinched Monica, her instant reaction was to scream, her back arching and her hips lifting until only her shoulders were touching the mattress. Sunny let go of Monica's' nipples and Monica moaned in relief only to scream once more as Sunny brought one hand down quickly in hard succession across each already sore nipple.

Monica moaned and looked up at Sunny. Sunny smiled sweetly and bent forward to lick across Monica's now hypersensitive nipples. Monica signed and put her hand on the back of Sunny's head, pulling her in as Sunny paid attention to the woman's breasts, licking and kissing softly to cover Monica's skin, taking the sting from her breasts with her tongue. Monica moaned gently as the heat diminished slightly to leave a hot tingle where Sunny's fingers had made contact. As Monica calmed down she watched Sunny, the black woman's pendulous breasts were pressed against Monica's abdomen as her pink tongue dragged slowly across each nipple, taking turns, swapping from one to the other. Monica sighed in contentment, her hands placed one each on Sunny's shoulder and the back of her head.

Sunny's hands moved down Monica, under her breasts and down the pale skinned woman's flank, until she reached her hips. Sunny stopped what she was doing and looked up at Monica grinning.

"Hold tight for a very fast ride." She said laughing.

Monica smiled a small nervous smile at Sunny's laughter.

"Don't worry baby, I'll look after you." She said, reassuring the inexperienced woman.

Leaning forward again Sunny kissed Monica hard and swung her leg over so that Monica's legs were now free. Sunny's hands immediately moved from Monica's hips and she trailed her finger nails over her abdomen and pubis. Monica moaned and wriggled, she was immediately rewarded with a light tap on the hip.

"Wriggle again and it will be harder." Sunny said sternly. Monica nodded.

Sunny continued to toy with Monica, fingers alternating between trailing and nipping her, small red butterfly marks appearing on her skin across her hips and down her thighs. Sunny slid her hand between Monica's inner thighs and Monica automatically opened them for Sunny.

Sunny ran one finger over her outer lips softly, making Monica tremble with anticipation. She gradually moved inwards, each pass bringing her closer to the small cleft between her lips, watching as they became wet. Monica's arousal evident as Sunny played with her. Very lightly Sunny slid one finger in, catching Monica's clit with one painted fingernail, making the less experienced woman moan out loud and draw her legs up, her knees coming together.

Sunny immediately slapped her thigh, hard.

"I told you not to wriggle, that includes bringing your legs up," she said harshly. "Put your legs back in the position they were in NOW." she emphasized.

Monica put her legs back down and opened her thighs again.

"Move again and I will tie your wrists to your ankles." Sunny said.

There was a sudden snort of laughter from 2 feet away.

"And exactly HOW are you going to do that?" Mel laughed. "You have no rope."

"No but you still have stockings and I believe they can be removed." Sunny growled at her.

Mel grinned and returned to taking her pleasure of Jules.

Sunny returned her attentions to Monica, her painted fingernails going back to their last point of contact. They pinched her clit and Monica moaned once again. Sunny continued to play with Monica now rubbing her clit, her full attention on the pale skinned woman at her side. Sunny moved again, still never taking her fingers from Monica's clit, to position herself between her thighs. Lying full length on her stomach, she kissed the pale, tender skin. Monica moaned and drew in her breath. Sunny nipped at the skin and then spread Monica's lips with the two fingers that were playing with her clit, she then bent her head and with the tip of her tongue traced a line from her clit to as far down as she could reach. Monica screamed and raised her hips from the bed. Sunny transferred her hands to Monica's hips and pushed them back down onto the mattress.

"Down." She growled as she pushed Monica's hips back towards the mattress with force. Monica reluctantly came back down to earth and opened her legs wide.

Sunny gave Monica's cunt long, broad strokes with the flat of her tongue. Monica moaned and gripped the mattress as she raised her legs. Sunny reached up slightly and held Monica's thighs up, pushing them out slightly as she did to give her better and deeper access. She circled her tongue around Monica's clit, circling and flicking it as she did. Monica's moans filled the room as she gave herself over totally, surrendering herself. Sunny concentrated on her work, sucking Monica's lips into her mouth, pulling on them, tugging them away from her body, sucking on her clit, tormenting Monica as she pleasured her and in turn took her pleasure.

As she played Sunny slowly slid two fingers into Monica, Monica squirmed under her, angling her hips upwards to accommodate the intrusion. Sunny gently crooked her fingers and started to work them in and out of Monica, still licking her from stem to stern as she slowly started to finger fuck the inexperienced woman.

Monica gasped as Sunny pressed against her G spot and she lifted her hips slightly, her feet now flat on the floor, her knees bent as she worked her hips in tandem with Sunny's fingers. Her hips moved faster as Sunny started to move her fingers more quickly, her crooked fingertips pressing as her tongue, lips and teeth all circled Monica's clit and labia. Monica's hand came down and onto Sunny's head, holding her in place.

Sunny looked up Monica's body, watching the pale woman writhing in passion and lust, needy, almost wanton in her desperation. She smiled and moved her fingers with renewed vigour as Monica's moans of pleasure turned to mewls of desperation.

"Come on baby, let it go." Sunny said softly, her hand never stopping in its movement.

She bent her head once more and placed small kisses on Monica's inner thigh, occasionally nipping the skin. Monica shuddered and groaned as her orgasm washed over her, all her muscles contracting as her hips raised, Sunny watching with a smile on her face as Monica came deeply, convulsing slightly as the new sensation overtook her, her fingers never stopping their movement, simply slowing as Monica's cunt muscles pulled her, milking her fingers.

As Monica calmed from her orgasm, her body twitched as small bolts went shuddering through her. Sunny bent her head once more and kissed Monica's thigh softly, a light and tender kiss, watching in fascination as goose bumps raised all over Monica's body and she shuddered one last time, pulling her arms close to herself.

Sunny pulled her fingers out of Monica and made her way up the woman's body, as she went she kissed her skin until she lay the full length of her. Lifting her fingers to her own mouth, she inserted one finger and ran her tongue around it, never taking her eyes from Monica's as she licked it clean. She ran her other finger around her lips, glossing them and leaned in towards Monica.

"Lick." she whispered.

Monica leant towards Sunny and tentatively licked Sunny's bottom lip. Sunny quickly caught Monica's tongue between her teeth and sucked it into her mouth. Monica sighed and kissed Sunny deeply. Tongues played, teeth bit, mouths sucked as the two women wound themselves around each other once more.

Sunny heard a squeal come from beside her and broke their kiss to look sideways. She grinned at the sight.

"I think you met your match babe, you might as well give in and enjoy, she's not about to let you win." she said to Mel and laughed turning her attention back to Monica and missing the retort fired back. 

Next to them, Mel and Jules were engaged in their own play. Mel had taken Sunny's idea and had removed her stockings. Discarding one for now, she took the other and wrapped it around Jules' wrists and bound them together. Now unable to retaliate, Mel took full advantage of Jules, she bent once more and sunk her teeth deeply into Jules' neck and shoulders, marking her, determined to possess her, wanton need starting to take over.

Her fingers continued her assault on Jules' skin, Working her way down to her breasts she left marks everywhere she went, some immediately bruising, leaving angry but very visible marks which Mel looked at in satisfaction. Below her Jules moaned deeply and squirmed, drawing her breath in occasionally and sharply but making no protest. Her hips moving upwards to grind against Mel who was in turn bearing down against Jules.

Reaching Jules' nipples, Mel took her breasts one by one and bit at them hard, taking total satisfaction in hearing a momentary whimper from Jules. Satisfied with her work so far Mel leaned over once more and kissed Jules. Jules responded hungrily and raised her head to meet Mel. To Mel's surprise Jules bit her bottom lip hard, pulling it out, increasing the pressure on it until Mel groaned and Jules let go with a snap of her teeth. A deep purple bruise immediately appeared on Mel's lip and she ran her tongue over it feeling the slight swell.

"You'll pay for that." Mel whispered against Jules' mouth before kissing her deeply once more. 

Jules' tongue snaked into Mel's mouth and Mel bit hard, pulling away from her, continuing to bite down, not letting go until she had pulled Jules' tongue to its full extent and slightly beyond. Jules smiled and let out a small laugh, baiting Mel.

Mel let go of Jules' tongue and sat up straight once more, her thighs still straddling Jules' hips. She pushed Jules' arms up straight above her head and raked her nails heavily down from her shoulders across her breasts and nipples, down her torso only stopping in the cup between her thighs and Jules' pubis. Jules shivered as her body rippled with the movement of Mel's nails. Red welts immediately appearing in parallel lines down Jules' entire length. Jules moaned deeply and looked at Mel with a wicked twinkle in her eye. Mel leaned forward slightly and took Jules' nipples between a finger and thumb and started rolling them, Jules arched her back towards Mel and moaned.

Mel twisted both nipples at the same time hard and Jules yelped. She then pulled them away from her body lifting her breasts and stretching them taut, as she did so she leaned down and bit the underside of each breast viscously, leaving an immediate bruise on the tender skin.

Jules submitted happily, she had always enjoyed some pain and Mel very obviously enjoyed giving it. She moaned as Mel sank her teeth once more into her skin, her body writhing against Mel, her hips lifting to grind up against her pelvis, now sliding rather than rubbing.

Mel released Jules' breasts and they bobbed back into place. She continued to run the nails of one hand over her skin as the other one slid into the cleft between them, her thumb sliding easily in between Jules' lips to find her clit. Mel dug her nail in hard and Jules yelped, the yelp turning into a groan as Mel lessened the pressure and started to rub at Jules' clit in earnest.

Mel moved so that she was straddling one of Jules' thighs, leaving her room to work on Jules' clit. She settled herself down and continued to rub on the now swelling nub between Jules' lips. Her free hand dug into Jules' thigh and she pressed her hips down as the woman under her writhed about. Angling herself forward, Mel started to ride Jules' thigh, gliding over her as she pushed her aching cunt into her.

Jules moaned and pushed back against Mel. Mel moaned and continued to ride Jules as she moved her hand to slide two fingers deeper into Jules' cunt. Moving her fingers and thumb in time with her own hips against Mel she crooked them and started working to bring Jules to orgasm.

Jules could do no more than lie there and writhe. Still tied she could only move her hips against the dominant woman above her. She moaned deeply as Mel pushed her fingers deeper, punishing the deep folds of her cunt hard as she pushed Jules closer and closer to her orgasm. She groaned and attempted to pull herself in on herself as her orgasm washed over her. Her stomach tightened and her cunt muscles contracted around Mel's fingers. Mel continued to ride her thigh as she worked Jules' orgasm, continuing to pump her cunt and rub on her clit as Jules shuddered and writhed under her, leaning forward and biting the tender skin of her breasts once more, her nails raking deep and hard across Jules' thigh and hip.

Jules moaned and let out a shuddering sigh as her body relaxed once more. She looked up to find Mel riding her thigh, her eyes closed in concentration as she focused on her own pleasure. Jules raised her other leg and wrapped it around Mel's hip, then in one swift movement turned and tipped Mel off her leg. Roles reversed Jules now sat above Mel. She moved her large frame and settled herself momentarily.

"Untie me." She demanded and held out her wrists.

Mel looked up at her and grinned. Jules' breasts hung down her body, her nipples hard as she continued to move against Mel's wet cunt lips. Mel reached up and made to untie Jules but instead pulled her sharply. Jules tipped off balance and fell forward onto Mel with an 'Oompfh'. Mel grinned and immediately grabbed Jules' hair again, pulling her towards her, her mouth hungry once more. She kissed Jules deeply as Jules moaned, her hair pulled tightly from her scalp. Mel once again pulled Jules' head right back and exposed her throat. She lifted her head and sunk her teeth into Jules' neck, this time biting and sucking hard on the pale skin until she had left a bright red mark, large and exposed on her skin.

Satisfied with her efforts, she untied Jules' wrists but did not let them go until she had once again left bruises on each one. Jules moaned every time, never protesting, relishing the pain, locking it away, needing Mel to find her threshold, coming close but still not yet breaching it. Both women still moving against each other, Jules' thigh pressing hard as Mel continued to grind against her, mewls of pleasure and need escaping her throat.

Jules looked down and smiled at Mel then started to move down her body, alternating between small nips and butterfly kisses, her fingernails running gently over Mel's skin, lifting only to come down again somewhere completely different. Mel looked down her body to watch. Jules looked up and raised an eyebrow, sitting up abruptly.

"Oh no you dont, that's cheating." She said reaching for the discarded stocking.

Mel looked at Jules and raised an eyebrow.

"What do you think you are going to do with that?" She said, a note of demand in her voice.

"You cheated, you looked," Jules replied. "You won't look again, lift your head."

"And if I don't?" Mel demanded.

"If you don't voluntarily, you WILL anyway." Jules replied, a hint of menace in her voice and a flash of 'Try me' in her eyes.

"Well," said Mel, "You will just have to put it on yourself because I'm not helping you."

The two dominant, headstrong women looked at each other, battling silently for control.

Jules made a decision and moved sideways grabbing Mel's wrist as she went. Pulling hard she tugged a struggling Mel onto her face and then sat down very hard on Mel's backside.

From beside the two women a deep resonant voice floated over.

"I think you have met your match babe, you might as well give in and enjoy, she's not about to let you win." Sunny commented.
