 "Over the desk, you naughty little girl!" Cheryl smiled and leaned over at the waist placing her hands on the cold desk in front of her, her firm rounded bum stuck out under the little schoolgirl skirt she was wearing, the thin grey material dropping just below her bum on the top of the backs of her thighs.

"I'm sorry Miss" she said with a grin as she felt a soft hand rub over her firm bum then slip under her skirt, rubbing the white cotton panties that were covering her skin, the touch sending shocks of excitement through her body and making her heart pound in her chest with anticipation of what was to come.

"I am going to teach you to not do your homework!" the 29 year old blonde said as she rubbed her hand over the smooth cotton panties, softly she smiled as she spoke in an authoritative tone, loving the feeling of the cotton on her palm as she felt the round globes of Cheryl's 18 year old cheeks, the cheeks she had felt so many times in recent months.

Cheryl felt a drip of sweat on her body as the tight white school shirt clung to her body and the striped tie hung down from around her neck, her breasts were strained against the shirt and hung impressively as she leaned forwards the older woman still stroking her bum under the thin skirt, she knew what to expect but it was the waiting that was driving her crazy.

Smack! A firm hand fell onto Sugars bum, the cotton panties not doing anything to stop the stinging shot hitting her. Cheryl did not have time to do anything but squeal in delight before she felt another firm slap on her bum.

"Naughty girl" smack! "Naughty girl" smack! "Naughty girl" Amber, the older woman, said it repeatedly as her hand was slapped down on the firm cheeks covered by white cotton, the skirt not hindering her much as she spanked the 18 years olds bum repeatedly.

Cheryl moaned and squealed with every shot to her bum, she loved the way it felt the warm feeling it made as the hand came down on the same spot each time, the tone of voice being used to call her naughty too was such a turn on, she felt damp in her cotton panties as Amber chastised her.

"You will learn to do your homework" she said to Cheryl as the seventh slap hit her bum, Cheryl moaned as it did and felt her knees wobble as an eighth slap fell and the hand stopped and rubbed down under her bum and between her legs resting on her damp panties over her pussy.

Cheryl moaned as she felt a finger press the damp cotton upwards, slightly spreading her lips and rubbing the material against the sensitive inside, Amber smiled as she felt the dampness and removed her hand placing it against her nose she sniffed the tangy scent of young pussy and wanted to moan herself.

"Turn around" Amber said and Cheryl did as she was told right away. She stood facing her teacher dressed in a short, too small for her school girl uniform, her tie hung between her firm breasts that pushed the pure white shirt out, the skirt only mid thigh length, revealing her firm legs to the older woman's adoring eyes.

Amber smiled as Cheryl put on an innocent girl face, her big brown eyes looking like those on puppy dogs adding to her youthful look. The burning sensation on her bum made Cheryl swoon, she loved the way it felt it made her look even more innocent the way she showed that pleasure on her face.

Amber wearing a dark grey business suit, like most school teachers in the area did, moved closed to Cheryl and looked her in the eye, captivated by the older woman's blue eyes Cheryl seemed helpless, she just stared a slight smile on her lips as she looked down and saw Amber's pink tongue lick her lips before moving in for a kiss. Cheryl took a deep breath as she felt a tingle in her lips when Ambers caressed them, she had felt this each time they kissed and it never got boring, and she could feel it forever.

Amber slipped her hands slowly around Cheryl's waist and pulled the school girl against her firmly, their breasts pushed together as Ambers hands rubbed the firm cheeks on Cheryl's bum, slipping down the waistband of the cotton panties and onto her warm skin, Cheryl moaning into her teachers mouth as she felt the skin touch her own.

"Now be a good girl for teacher" Amber said as she broke the kiss and pulled her hands from inside the cotton panties before taking hold of the waistband and slowly dropping to her knees, pulling them down the firm white legs of her student, over the school girl stocking and to the floor. Cheryl picked her feet up and stepped out of the panties placing her hands on the desk behind her to steady herself as she felt her teacher's tongue lick her left inner thigh and move up.

"Cheryl stop daydreaming!" a stern voice brought her from her thoughts and back to where she was,

"Sorry miss" Cheryl replied as she looked up and saw a slight grin on her teachers face, it was Amber the woman in her daydream and she was still in school, Math's to be exact.

"So since you were away with the fairies maybe you can give the class the answer to this problem, hmm?" Amber or Miss Turner as she was in class looked intensely as Cheryl looked at the blackboard and tried to work out the answer to the complex question that was written on it.

"Is it seven over two miss?" Cheryl said just taking a stab in the dark, the answer getting a good laugh from her classmates and making her blush.

"Cheryl that is not even close you have not listened to a word I have said for the last hour have you, you have really disappointed me and let yourself down, I will see you after school" Cheryl snapped her head up and caught a little wink from her teacher, she knew what Amber was saying, it was code and shouted out to Cheryl her real meaning.

"Now class since Cheryl has obviously not been paying attention can someone else please give the answer?" a sea of hands went up as Cheryl just looked down at her work book and let a sly grin cross her full red lips.

The day dragged, and the thought of after school made Cheryl wish she had a time machine and could just skip forwards to 7pm, looking at her watch that was still some five and three quarter hours away from now, that meant two more classes where she would not be able to concentrate.

"You ok Cheryl?" the voice brought her back from her dreaming once again, this time though it was a fellow student and she was at her locker not in class ready to be embarrassed by her teacher.

"Yeah I'm fine Gary," she said quickly closing her locker and smiling politely at her fellow student

"You just seem very distracted, I mean in Math you were not in the room it seemed" he laughed a little as he spoke and it made Cheryl blush again thinking of that morning's events "Got something on your mind?" he inquired

"No, no its nothing, just didn't get much sleep last night was all, was feeling a little tired" she said forcing a smile, her mind not on the conversation but more on that night.

"I guess Miss Turner was right you are a naughty girl" Gary broke out in a loud laugh as he turned to walk away, Cheryl felt a sudden rush of energy as she heard those words fall from Gary's mouth, naughty girl, had he just said that, Miss Turner, Amber had called her a naughty girl to students. She blushed but also swooned as she thought about it, her mind going back to her daydream and her panties started getting a little damp.

Again the day dragged, both her lessons seemed to last forever, Cheryl's mind not on anything that was being said and on more then one occasion the rest of the class would erupt in laughter as she made a terrible attempt to answer a question from the teachers, that was all forgotten though and her mind would soon drop back to her daydream and thoughts of later in the day.

"Ok everyone homework tonight is..." Cheryl didn't hear the rest of what was said, her mind had already tuned out and was on different matters, she'd sort out her homework tomorrow, probably just copy someone else's, she wanted to get home and get ready, she had to go see Miss Turner after school and that meant changing clothes.

"Ah so you have finally arrived" Amber said as she showed Cheryl into her house, the girl from her class was no stranger here, she had been at the house before on several occasions. Amber closed the door as Cheryl went into the living room and stood waiting for her teacher.

"Sorry I'm late Miss, I had to help my mum clean out the rubbish before I could get changed and then she" Amber cut her off with a raised hand, stopping Cheryl mid sentence.

"I don't care about your excuses Cheryl, now you know why you are here, and don't wear your coat in my house you naughty girl!" Cheryl smiled as she looked down sheepishly and pulled the long coat off her body. Under it was a tight fitting thin white shirt with a striped tie hung loosely around her neck, her legs bare apart from a very short grey skirt and long white stockings, a pair of black schoolgirl shoes on her feet.

Amber smiled as she admired the school girl costume, Cheryl looked so cute in it, gone were the faded blue jeans and baggy t-shirt's she wore to classes at school, now she looked like a true school girl, just how she should.

"Sorry Miss" Cheryl said as she bowed her head but looked up with just her eyes, making her look like a scolded little girl. Amber, her teacher in school and now here out of school smiled as she stood in her dark blue suit and white shirt, staring at Cheryl who was finding it hard to not smile, she felt so outrageous but she loved the feeling she had when in her uniform.

"That's better Cheryl, before we get to the important things why were you not paying attention in my class today?" Amber smiled she knew why but wanted to see if Cheryl would say it herself.

"I... I" Cheryl didn't answer she was blushing bright red as she though about the reason

"Don't tell me I know already, you were thinking about the last time you were here in my house you naughty school girl weren't you!" Amber forcefully said, a grin crossing her face as she got a thrill from the mere thought of it.

"Yes Miss" Cheryl said quietly before nodding her head, Amber looked at her as a mother would towards her naughty children

"Now Cheryl, you naughty little girl, have you done the homework I set for you, and I want proof!" Amber said sternly as she glared at her student, Cheryl's face went even redder as she realized she had forgotten to do her assignment she looked up at her teacher with her eyes wide and innocent and sheepishly shook her head no.

"I forgot Miss," she said quietly

"You forgot to do your homework again, You are such a naughty little girl, I am going to have to teach you to remember it from now on, when I'm finish you will not forget it again" Amber was using her stern teaching voice and it was doing the trick for the situation "Turn around You naughty girl and bend over, I want you to grab your ankles" she snapped.

Cheryl turned her back on Amber and bent slowly at the waist reaching down to take hold of her slim ankles, her bum pushed up in the air as the short school skirt rode up and exposed the thin cotton panties she wore over her sexy cheeks.

"At least you remember something's" Amber said as she admired the sexy bum on display and the slight dark mark she could see through the thin white cotton as it revealed her pussy a little when stretched like that. Cheryl took a deep breath as she felt exposed, the cotton panties feeling tight and a little damp as she looked back through her legs to see her teacher moving towards her, she felt her heart beat faster in her chest in anticipation and nervousness.

"Smooth" Amber said as her hand brushed over the cheeks of Cheryl's bum, the panties making her hand glide easily, she moved it from the top of the left cheek down to between Cheryl's legs resting it over her dampening pussy.

Cheryl let out a little whimper as she felt the tingle in her pussy grow, her clit was pushed tightly against the damp cotton and it was driving her mad, she knew not to move but it was hard when she could also feel her teacher's hand resting between her legs.

"Now you will learn to do your homework!" Amber said as she flicked the schoolgirls skirt up onto her back and now stared at Cheryl's bum, the white cotton pulled tight over the cheeks and showing the little valley between the cheeks.

Smack! Ambers hand slapped down on Cheryl's left cheek with force, Cheryl moaning as she felt a burning sensation start on the mark another slap landing on the same place and making the young woman squeal as she felt her pussy get wetter and her bum wiggle for more of the same. Amber did not disappoint she dropped another slap on the left cheek then began to work the right too.

"You are such a naughty girl, not doing your homework like I told you to" Amber scolded as she slapped Cheryl's bum harder, her knee high socked legs shook as she held her ankles each smack making her whimper more with a mixture of pleasure and stinging, burning pain.

"I'm sorry Miss" Cheryl said as she felt her bum burning from the stiff slaps, the cotton panties seemed to make each blow hurt more but that only added to her arousal

"Not good enough you naughty girl, it was a simple homework assignment and you still didn't do it!" Amber said as she continued to spank her students bum hard, each blow landing on the same spot as the ones before it.

"I will form now on Miss I promise" Cheryl said as she took deep breaths after each shot, her hands trying desperately to hold onto her ankles as her bum began to burn more, the sensation washing down to her pussy now and making her really wet and aroused.

"Not good enough!" Amber said as she stopped her spanking for a second and looked at her student who was sweating and panting form the long spanking session, but Amber was not finished just yet, she was enjoying the power too much and was so wet in her own panties it was untrue.

"I'm really... really sorry Miss!" Cheryl said as she panted and felt her legs begin to cramp up, her bum stinging and burning under the thin cotton. Amber grabbed the waistband of the panties and pulled hard on it, ripping them down and exposing Cheryl's red bum, there was the slightest hint of handprints of each cheek but mostly it was just a lovely red covering each young cheek, the contrast to her pale white legs was making Amber swoon more.

"Get ready naughty girl" Amber said but did not give time for Cheryl to, she spanked the young woman's bare bum with a swift slap making Cheryl take a deep breath and almost fall to her knees. The sound of each slap on the naked cheeks of Cheryl's bum echoed in her ears, the little protection the cotton panties gave her were gone now and each slap made her bum burn more but also her arousal grow.

"Now my naughty little school girl, have you learned your lesson?" Amber asked as she rubbed the red burning cheeks of her student, lovingly caressing them as Cheryl caught her breath to speak

"Yes Miss" she managed to say while nodding her head and looking through her legs, she could see her panties sat there in front of her face, still stretched between her legs, the tangy scent of her arousal drifting form them and to her nose as she took deep breaths to fill her lungs and regain her composure.

"Good now stand up" Amber said as she removed her hand from the red cheeks of Cheryl's bum. Cheryl let go of her ankles and slowly stood straight, her legs felt weak as the blood flowed back to them and her bum was burning and throbbing, the heat making her pussy wetter though and her clit was erect and begging for attention, sweat dripped down her face and the tight shirt was clinging to her body with the same thing.

"You will not forget to do your homework again will you?" Amber said, as she looked into Cheryl's eyes, her face close to the students their noses almost touching. Cheryl shook her head a smile trying to creep onto her lips but she made sure not to change her expression

"Good" Amber said as she moved her hand to her students face, cupping her right cheek as she leaned forwards and pushed her lips to the school girls, kissing her softly to begin with, their lips pressed together slowly opening so their tongues could meet in a more sensual kiss.

Cheryl moaned as she felt her teachers other hand slip down and rub her burning bum, patting it gently like she were a good dog, it only added to her aroused state, she could feel the wetness between her legs intensify as the kiss became more passionate, each tongue wrestling with the other as Amber pushed her body closer to her students.

Cheryl was desperate for more when her teacher moved away from her, the disappointment showed in her eyes and Amber felt so powerful as she was the effect she had and the control she wielded over this 18 year old girl, her cotton panties still held between her legs just above her ankles and the shirt clinging to sexy body, the tie and long stocking making her look like a small school girl but her sweaty face and messed hair made her look like a dirty whore gagging for more.

"Come with me to the bedroom" Amber said sternly as she turned her back and begin walking to the stairs "But leave the panties where they are you naughty little girl" she smiled as Cheryl waddled over to her and then tries to get up the stairs her cotton panties making it difficult to take steps so she had to jump up them one at a time, her bum jiggling each time she landed as Amber stood behind her and smiled before kissing the still red cheeks making Cheryl giggle.

Finally, they made it to the bedroom and Amber stood her student with her back to the queen sized bed, the panties still hung between her legs and her heart pounding with excitement.

"Take off those things you naughty little girl, you know that you don't wear clothes when in my bedroom!" Amber snapped, back in her stern schoolmistress mode. Cheryl immediately pushed the panties down her ankles to the floor and stepped out of them, kicking off her school girl shoes and rolling the stocking down her slender lower legs she removed them and pulled at her tie dropping it all in a pile on the floor she ripped the shirt hard a few buttons pinging off and dropping on the bed as she pulled the wet school shirt of and flicked her hair back, her body now totally nude.

"I am undressed Miss" she said with a smile as she watched her teacher open a drawer and pull out a black strap on, she knew it well and flushed pink at her thoughts of what was to come.

"Good girl, your teacher is pleased you can do one thing right" Amber said as she began peeling off her own clothes, removing the suit in slow fashion making Cheryl wait even longer, knowing it would make her even more desperate, but she would have to wait for her teacher to be ready before anything would begin.

Cheryl stood still, a slight tremble in her legs as she felt her arousal growing at the sight of the strap on, her pussy began to flood as she almost felt it inside her, her teacher Amber was taking her time getting naked but with each tiny bit of flesh she revealed made Cheryl more turned on, she was almost ready to scream out for Amber to hurry up.

The older woman finally removed the last of her clothes, and stood looking at her students naked body as she lifted her leg to put on the black fake cock, moving it to fit on her crotch perfectly, it stood hard and strong, around 7 inches with some thick veins down the shaft, Amber loved the feeling of it pushed against her sensitive clit especially when the long shaft was deep inside another's pussy.

Amber walked over to Cheryl, placed her hands on the trembling young girl's shoulders as she leaned forwards and placed her lips on the firm breasts, and found the hard nipples on the young skin, gently flicking it with her wet tongue as Cheryl let out a soft moan. Slowly Amber kissed each nipple, licking between Cheryl's breasts and then down her tummy stopping short of her crotch, the teacher could smell the tangy scent of arousal in Cheryl and smiled as she kissed down her left thigh and then back up the right one, moving her lips towards the wet centre that was resting between her supple legs.
