 It had been an exhausting, muddy but rewarding day out in the woods with the children. An orienteering exercise, teaching them how to read maps and identify landmarks. They'd seemed to enjoy it, but keeping thirty noisy, boisterous and often emotional twelve year olds under control really takes it out of you after a while.

My name is Jenny and I'm a secondary school teacher, and we were all away for the obligatory annual residential trip - a week in the Brecon Beacons. Some of the older staff moan about having to go, but at twenty seven I'm still young and idealistic enough to get into the spirit of things and enjoy watching the kids learn new experiences. But after seven gruelling hours getting bitten, scratched, wet and filthy in the forest, both my colleague Becky and I couldn't wait to get back to base and the room we were sharing. Especially since we were off the rota this evening and could have a few hours to ourselves.

I teach geography and Becky, who's a year younger than me, teaches French. She's been at the school for only a year, and as this was her first away trip, she was finding the hardships harder to cope with, as she hinted when we finally trudged up to our room and downed our compasses, binoculars and other paraphenalia.

"Thank God that's over," she sighed. "I can't wait to get out of these smelly clothes and into the shower."

"Me too," I smiled.

Becky sank onto her bed in relief, while I undressed and made straight for the bathroom, revelling in the warm refreshing water of the shower as it soothed and invigorated my aching body. As I towelled off afterwards, Becky came through the door.

"Mind if I go straight in while you dry off - I can't wait any longer to get clean."

"You go right ahead, love."

I moisturised and scrubbed my face while she washed. As I was leaning over the basin still in the nude, brushing my teeth, I heard the shower turn off and Becky get out of the bathtub. I didn't hear her come up to me, but then I squealed in surprise and delight as I felt her gently push her finger into my anus.

"Ooh! You naughty girl!" I shrieked.

Becky twisted her finger inside my arsehole, then slid it deeper into me, listening to me moan softly in pleasure.

"Give me a kiss, Jenny," she said, as she removed her finger, and I turned around and took her in my arms. She was still sopping from the shower, her body glistening and her beautiful pubic hair damp and splayed across her thighs. I held her tightly against me, feeling her huge breasts press into my own, wetting me, and our mouths found each other for a long, deep, kiss.

We'd been looking forward to this all day. I caressed her lovingly as our tongues probed and writhed, tasting each other, and then feeling Becky's tongue glide in and out of my lips.

"I'd better dry myself again - and you!" I giggled, and then wrapped her in a fluffy pink towel, patting her down. She took my hand, and pulled me out of the bathroom, before jumping on to her bed and parting her legs wide. I took a moment to savour her gloriously feminine nakedness - the erectness of her rosy nipples, the dark forest of hair between her legs - before mounting her and sliding my pussy up to meet hers. There was no time for foreplay; we just needed to fuck. I revelled in the feeling of Becky's nude body enveloping mine, the softness of her delicate skin, the sensation of nipple against nipple, and the pressure of her feet on my buttocks as she pushed my cunt further into her own.

This was our delicious, wonderful secret - the hidden world that we, two young women teachers at Woodfield High, retreated into when no one could see. Whom of the other teachers or the parents of our pupils would have guessed that at that very moment Miss Simpson was lovingly sliding her erect clitoris into Miss Johnson's waiting vagina? Who would have pictured our pubic hair mingling and matting stickily in each other's wetness? Or imagined that, back in our room after a day's teaching that, rather than swap gossip or mark homework, Miss Simpson's taut, naked, buttocks were passionately pumping away between Miss Johnson's splayed thighs, as each woman gave the other her sex, and her love?

I gazed into my darling's eyes, and I could tell that she was there, and so was I. My lips met Becky's, and while my hips bucked and her body shook, I watched her pretty face dissolve into orgasm. She cupped my face tenderly in hers as the joy and relief of a longed-for climax flooded through me, every part of me. I could tell she was struggling not to scream out loud, so intensely was she coming herself.

We lay still for a few moments afterwards, my clitoris still touching Becky's.

"I love you Jen."

"I love you too, Becks," I replied. "So much." I rolled off her and then in to her tender embrace, enjoying the afterglow and exchanging soft, exhausted, kisses.

We were still very confident we'd kept our relationship secret since we got together five months before. We had to, for even in the relatively progressive environment of education, two teachers having a gay romance in public is not really on. How on earth would the head pacify bewildered or disgusted parents - and what the pupils would make of it isn't worth thinking about. And I don't just mean the chitter chatter. We're both quite attractive in conventional female terms, and we teach dozens of pubescent males, and I hope it doesn't sound vain to say that many of them must inevitably fancy us. They're clearly fascinated by Becky's heaving bosom, and can't help but gawp at it brazenly. And that's without them knowing that we sleep together. I just couldn't bear the thought of all those smelly boys masturbating over the thought of my girlfriend and I in bed.

I've never disclosed my sexuality at work. I've been out to friends and family since I was nineteen, but I'd rather be discreet at school. It's not really a very interesting subject, and frankly no one's business. But Becky is openly lesbian among colleagues, which made it much easier for me to seduce her. I fancied her from the very first moment I saw her - transfixed by her gorgeous eyes, her lustrous dark hair, and of course those wonderful tits. We'd become friends the term after she arrived, and after a few weeks of awkward flirting, and her surprise at finding another young lesbian teacher at her school, after one drunken night at the pub it finally happened back at her flat afterwards. I'll never forget that first delicious snog.

Her grip tightened round me as we lay there. "Not much room for both of us here," I giggled. "I don't think I've had sex in a single bed since I was at college!" Becky laughed and snuffled her face into my bosom, sniffing me.

"Mmm...Jenny, you always smell so good when you've just come," she said. "Your whole body smells of your orgasm."

I pulled her face towards me so we could share a long French kiss, and our hands began to roam across each other's bodies, caressing and loving. I squeezed and stroked her soft buttocks, before bringing my hands up to hold her boobs, enjoying how full and heavy they were, until I could no longer resist the sight of her nipples, and lowered my head to take her left breast deeply into my mouth. I suckled her, like a baby with a mother, just the way I always adore to with my lovers. My tongue tasted and washed her nipple, appreciating its granular texture, the nipple turning me on by the way it grew and stiffened between my lips. I was wet for Becky again, already.

Instinctively, wordlessly, we span round so she was on top of me, her face between my legs, and mine between hers. "Oh baby...mmm", I murmured. Becky has this little quirk that she loves to lick my pubic hair, and I felt her wet tongue raking gorgeously through my bush. At my end I savoured the glory of her musky, open sex, just inches from me, drinking her arousal in through my nose. I smelled her cunt, smelled her lust for me, for us. Oh Becky.

I pictured how sensuous we must have looked together: two women locked in the ultimate and most intimate embrace, each one's mouth clamped tenderly around the other's sex. Becky's tongue deep in my vagina, probing, patient and loving - my feeling it dance and thrust around inside me. My lips enveloping her large clitoris, tasting her, my mouth awash with her. Feeling so connected to each other, feeling so utterly and passionately in love.

My orgasm was sweet and pure, so intense and total it made my nipples tingle. Becky came triumphantly in my mouth - I pulled back to watch the jets of her come spray endlessly from her vagina, flooding my face. I so love to watch her come like that, so see and feel her orgasm literally wash over me.

We cuddled again afterwards, just kissing and stroking. Exchanging sweet nothings.

"I need a cigarette," I told her, eventually. "It's still early - shall we drive down to that pub in the village and get some dinner? I'm hungry too."

Becky had started fondling my breasts, reaching over to suck on my left nipple. Her right hand had returned to my bottom, sliding a finger in as she had before in the bathroom. She wanted to play some more.

"Let's stay here a bit longer, baby," she said. "No hurry." She went back to my nipple.

"No - let's go out for a bit. Get some fresh air."

With an air of unfinished business, we got dressed and made our way outside and into Becky's car, and headed down to the little pub, called the Rose and Crown. I ordered goats cheese, and Becky the scampi, and we got ourselves a glass of wine each.

Becky drew deeply on her cigarette and exhaled contentedly through her nose. I watched the smoke flow slowly from her nostrils, forming ribbons as they drifted down, in that way of hers I always find strangely sexy. We chatted about this and that, and about the next day's activities, and then...and then just something about what had happened between us that evening, and how she looked, and how I felt, made me say something I hadn't expected to.

"Becks - can I ask you something?"

She looked serious for a moment. "Sure, babe."

"How do you feel about...well shall we...why don't we...why don't we move in together?"

Becky looked stunned; I felt momentarily panicked.

"Well?"

"I...I don't know what to say," she stuttered.

"Well...will you?"

"Jenny...oh of course I will. Of course I will! Oh you darling."

"I was worried for a minute then!"

"It's the thing I most want in the whole world. Oh Jen, I love you so much."

And then the locals of the Rose and Crown were treated to the unexpected sight of two respectable looking women in their mid-twenties snogging passionately in the middle of the pub. 

"But what about work?", she asked. "We would have to tell everyone, really."

"I was thinking...I will take that job in Chiswick after all. Start next term. Then we can be together properly, in public, like grown ups. And be together and sleep together every single night."

We ordered a small glass each of fizzy wine to celebrate. As she drained her glass, Becky said.

"Darling, let's go back now." She took my hand in hers and ran a finger over my palm. "Take me back and make love to me again."

"Of course. Let's go."

"And baby...," Becky continued. "Make it special." And she gave me that look that could only mean one thing.

We drove back and went up to the room. "Blimey!", exclaimed Becky, as she went inside, wrinkling her nose. "It wouldn't take much imagination to work out what we've been up. You can really smell us in here." And then sotto voce, naughtily. "It smells of our come."

I breathed in, smelling our love. Smelling us.

Our hearts were beating fast as I undid Becky's bra and felt a shiver of excitement as her sexy breasts spilled out, the nipples already erect. I slid her knickers off too, noticing how her pubic hair was still matted and wet from her earlier orgasms. Becky stripped me seductively, running a hand through my bush and kissing my nipples again, before kneeling on my bed and bending down. 

We both knew, without saying, exactly what we were now going to do. I came close to her, and she reached behind her to part her buttocks, and I gazed with utter lust at the sight of Becky's beautiful, puckered anus. Her hidden, favourite entrance, so small and innocent looking, but the gateway to so much of the pleasure we'd experienced together. I couldn't take my eyes off it. How I wished to goodness I'd had the foresight to take a strap-on with us.

Becky stifled a loud moan as she felt my tongue begin to gently lick her arsehole. I kissed it lovingly, lingeringly, as if it were a mouth. Just as I'd hoped, because she'd already come twice it was nice and loose, and I pushed inside, feeling her muscle relax to let me in. I pushed in, and out, in and out, caressing her shaking body as she revelled in the sensation. There was no need to touch her anywhere else. Becky says there is just no feeling like having my tongue up her arse. I've never known a woman who loves it quite as much as her.

She orgasmed so powerfully, so triumphantly, it almost broke my heart, just witnessing the sheer joy she experienced, and feeling her anus contract around my tongue with each spasm of the climax. We lay back in bed, ready for sleep, and wishing we could smoke in our room. I should have known though that Becky wasn't quite finished, and while we were smooching and kissing I finally gave in to her probing hand, and opened my legs enough for to her slide two fingers up my bum. She soothed me and encouraged me as I came. "That's it...oh good girl...come for me...oh good girl!", stroking me with one hand while the other was inside me.

Finally, we were spent. 

"Good night baby...I love you," I whispered.

"Love you forever. Let's make love forever."

And, our hearts full of love, and in each other's arms, we drifted off into a deep sleep.