 Author's Note: Thanks for reading my piece! Please comment or write me if you can. And for any fans of my other series don't worry, chapters 4 and 5 will be here soon!

All characters are 18 or older!

*****

Part 1:

I'm holding myself as I walk back to my dorms, absolutely exhausted. I don't want to go back, but there's nowhere else to go. Or is that just what I'm telling myself? 

I should explain, but there's so much to say...I'll try to make this as coherent as possible. It's Monday morning now, but It all started Friday.

I awoke on Friday, an overall normal seeming day in the middle of April, in my dorm room at Pecan Lock's Girl's School. It's a very top notch(meaning expensive) boarding school in the middle of nowhere, Colorado. Girls from all over the world attend.

You would think that this would make all us stuck up and preppy, but something's different here. It's probably because most of the girl's lives have been like mine. One of their parents is very well off and knocked up/got knocked up by some random person on their travels, and we're the end result, dumped off in boarding schools. For me it was my Iranian father, an upper level dignitary, and some Spanish waitress. The resulting mixture were somewhat Arabian features with Spanish bronzed skin.

As a result many of the girls at Pecan's are "halfies" like me. And, in most cases, it results beautifully.

There are only 70 of us in a grade and, as the senior class, we've had basically the same group moving up every year for a while, ever since 6th grade. We're all very tight knit. No one is especially popular or ridiculed. Sure everyone has their main circle of friends and are just more of casual friends with others, but you'd be hard pressed to find one of us who can't call the rest of us by name.

On this particular Friday I was very excited, well more so than usual, because it was the day of the senior class' annual student vote trip. It's the senior-only trip in which students get to vote on where we go. 

We voted to go to Strawberry Springs. It's a sort of hybrid between a retreat and spa. The only problem with the trip was the destination was far away, and traveling by bus the whole way would be a significant waste of time. So the school decided instead that they would let us take the train the whole way if we agreed to get up early on Friday to take some of our classes. It's a very flexible place.

The excitement is probably what managed to get me going at 4:30 in the morning. After my alarm rang I sprang out of bed and threw a pillow at Rain to wake her up.

Rain is my roommate and best friend. Her situation is very similar to mine. She's a halfie with a Palestinian mother and a well-to-do Nigerian father. Her skin is a very soft milk chocolaty type. Not very dark, but still distinguishable as black. Her real name is technically Rianne Oni but we just call her Rain almost all the time. We're the closest things we have to siblings, except for her half sister Sindy, but we'll get to her later.

Rain just groaned slightly at my feeble wake up attempt. I was about to try again when there was a knock at the door. 

"Woah, maybe some pants before answering the doorl!" Haley laughed entering our room. I got a little embarrassed remembering I'm only wearing an over sized t-shirt.

Haley Reinfield is my our other best friend. The three of us obviously have a larger circle of friends and we're friendly with everyone at Pecan Lock's, but these are the only two people I trust with anything and everything.

Haley, ever the morning person, was already dressed and ready to go in our school uniform as she sat on Rain's bed and began to try to shake her awake. Haley, the only "purebread" of the three of us, is the heiress to a multimillionaire oil tycoon in Texas. If she were to apply an excess of makeup she would look like the typical blonde bimbo. But, instead, she carries herself with an elegance and class, like nothing in the world is above her.

"Fuck off Haley," Rain mumbled. We laughed.

There really is no classification for Rain. She's just our friend. She can be foul-mouthed and emotionally damaged a lot of, ok, all of the time, but there's something about her that makes you want to be her friend. 

I giggled trying to watch Haley wake up Rain. Haley has a small frame, long and wavy golden blonde hair, and clear white skin. Rain on the other hand is tall, 5'11, athletic, olive skinned, and has straight black hair that barely reaches her shoulders in and is fringed on the end. It was like watching the day try to wake up the night. 

"You hop in the shower," Haley said still shaking Rain, "it's clearly to cold out here for you." She looked down to point out my nipples were poking through the fabric of my shirt. 

I laughed and discarded the shirt to the ground as I hopped into the shower. When I came out, my body wrapped in a towel, I was surprised to see Haley had fallen asleep on my bed. Even the day can't rise this early.

I shook her and she woke up with a start, knocking the towel off my body.

"Oh, sorry, I guess I dozed off," she yawned, "I laid out your uniform on the chair." Ever the helper, she began to close her eyes again. I figured I might as well let her have a few moments of rest. 

I went to the uniform on the chair in the corner of the room. Same old same old. Black shoes and white or black stockings (these are supposed to be mandatory but no one really enforces that rule, so we usually go without). A white, black, or navy blue skirt that comes down to your knees. Haley had chosen me navy blue. A white, button down shirt. And a plain black tie. Really the only thing we had control over was our underwear. Haley, in her infinite kindness, had even grabbed those for me. 

"Hey Haley," I called to her, "I'm the 36C, not the 34." 

"Mmmph," was all she mustered out.

Before I get dressed I let myself be vain for a second and glance at the mirror on the back of the door. God's gifts to me have been good. I have a thick head of dark brown hair that comes down a little past my shoulder blades, big brown eyes, my breasts are perky and ample with quarter nipples just below center, and my skin was naturally bronzed.

Rain finally sat up. Haley heard and, probably just to not be rude, sat up as well. Rain should have been talking our ears off by now, cursing up a storm for having to get up this early, but she was quiet. Haley and I looked at each other suspicious.

"What time did you get in last night?" I ask Rain.

Rain frowned. "Not really that la-"

"What time?" Haley cut her off a little sternly. 

"...3:30" I was expecting this. Rain's very quiet when she's drunk. Seeing as at that point she had only been in for an hour, she probably still was a little bit. 

"Ok, class is in an hour. I'm going to go get us all some coffee," I said, having already gotten ready by then, "can you try to get her ready?"

"Sure thing," Haley answered, then she turned to Rain, "who were you out with?"

"Just Aphra and some of her town friends." That's the last thing I heard before leaving the room. I rolled my eyes. Aphra, full name Aphrodite. Sometimes I think Haley and I are the only ones in the school with common names. 

Anyway, Aphra was the closest thing to a party girl as you can get at Pecan Lock's, and Rain and her are pretty close when they both feel like ditching curfew. Sometimes they sneak into the nearby town and hit the bars. There's only two in the small town, but they hit them just the same. Her lifestyle wasn't what I disliked about her, more just her general rudeness. Haley agreed.

Aphra also has amassed a sort of "crew" at Pecan Lock's, and I use the term loosely. It started as all the Asian girls in the school hanging out together when they were little, but slowly more people started to sort of phase into their group. People outside the crew are still friends with those in it, but they definitely had a group mentality that alienated some. It's just sort of the defining feature of social life here. Either you're in Aphra's crew or you're not and that shows who you hang out with most.

As I walked down the hallway, the thought of Aphra and Rain are quickly replaced by something else. Eyes. As in lots of eyes looking at me in the hallway. Whenever I by someone, saying hi of course since we all know each other, their eyes lingered on me strangely. And wasn't only that, they all smiled. The sort of smile people give off when they know something you don't. It was only a few people but it seemed strange nonetheless. I probably should have thought more of it at the time, but it was early. Also I'm sort of oblivious on some social cues. I've missed almost every instance of someone flirting with me because I usually chalk it up to them being nice. 

I got in the elevator and went down to the coffee shop in solitude as barely anyone was awake yet. I live on the top floor and the shop is on the bottom. 

When I get to the coffee shop was when everything took a turn for the worse. In fact, my whole life changed. 

It all started with the barista. Mykala...actually come to think of it I don't even know her last name, but she had been serving me coffee since my freshman year. The bleach blonde soccer mom with her hair in a bob looks to be in her late 30's and always wears a little to much eye shadow, but it looks fine with her pale skin. She's in surprisingly great physical shape, and is always dressed in yoga pants and a sports bra with a zipped up hoodie on over it for the yoga class she attends after work everyday. All in all, she's a very likable lady, except that day. That day she gives me the same thing everyone else had. A weird look.

"Hello Sarah, what would you like today?" she asked me, leaning over on the counter towards me, keeping the look the whole time. I noticed she didn't have her apron on.

"Just the three usuals," I tried to say as normally as possible. It didn't come out very well though as her look phased me. She inexplicably laughed a little and sets to work on the drinks. 

"I seriously can't imagine anyone in the world not liking you," she said to me as she works, "I mean you're so kind, so beautiful, it's no wonder everyone in this school claims you to be some level of a friend."

"That's very nice of you to say," I said uneasily. That was incredibly random and something in her voice is discomforting, "but, we're all pretty tight here."

"But you have to admit, you especially are quite the person to know around here," she winked as she sets down the first drink on the counter. It's mine. I thanked her and brought the drink up to my lips to get some sweet caffeine. But the second I held the cup I realized, it was empty.

Mykala is suddenly out of sight. I see the door to the back area of the shop swinging. I stand their confused for a full two or three minutes. Eventually I'm concerned and follow her.

At this point I should have just gone back. Explained to my friends why I didn't have their drinks. I could have been spared. Well, probably not, but it's nice to think so.

My immediate reaction to opening the door is pure horror. There is a picture in front of me, taped crudely to the wall. A picture of Rain in a very... compromising position. 

Before I even have time to react I noticed that the walls are lined with many of these pictures, all of Rain doing...things. With a few different men. And women. 

I suddenly become aware of Mykala's presence behind me. 

"Listen Sarah," she started, "unless you want these pictures of your little gal pal plastered all over the school, you won't move, speak, or do anything unless I let you. Understand?"

Somehow, in my immense confusion, I stammered out a, "Y-yes." My mind then realized the extent of my situation, which, in simplest, terms, was blackmail. 

"Good." She came around to face me, we're around the same height(5'8), and placed her hands on my waist, I flinched, but then remembered what she said.. "You know Sarah, you really are incredibly beautiful." Her hands began to slide up my torso and ended up on my breasts. She began to flick a button on my uniform with a nail. 

Just then I became aware of the sexual nature of Mykala's words and actions, and was horrified as my brain reminds me how sensitive my breasts and nipples are. I remember thinking this couldn't be the same woman who had been giving me coffee since I was 14, could it?

"But rules are rules, and I have my guidelines," she stated in a defeated tone, as she moved her hands back to my waist and finally off my body. I didn't dare move, but I sighed as she grabbed her previously missing apron, untucked my shirt from my skirt, put it on me, and lead me back out to her station. I became relieved again at being in public exposure. That relief didn't last long.

The station is shaped in a skinny D shape with the curved edge out to the customer. The counter is high and is cluttered with all sorts of displays for pastries and snack. The only real opening to the customers is the cash register which is located near the right corner. Mykala places me in that exact corner.

"Clean that. And don't stop even if you finish," she ordered me, pointing to the oven next to me. As my back is to the the cash register now, Mykala and I face opposite directions. But the station is so congested, we're practically side by side. 

All of a sudden, her right hand goes between my body and the apron and lies flat on my stomach. Then she slowly slides it down into my skirt and panties. 

I jumped and pulled her arm away from me, happy no one is there to see this. Mykala just laughed in a sing song voice, "Remember what I said."

I nodded and went back to cleaning the oven as her hand repeated its motion. When it reaches inside my cotton panties her long nailed finger simply stokes the length of my lips and comes right back out. A customer had arrived. 

The woman, not a student, asked for a bag of chips from the rack to the right of the register, the one that blocks most of me from view. As Mykala rung up the order, never having to move locations. I turned and noticed that a large line has suddenly formed behind the chip lady. I knew a few of them. 

"It's a good thing most people don't actually buy coffee here," Mykala giggled to me. The next man retrieved a soda from a small fridge on the counter and brought it to Mykala to ring up. As she did I felt something sliding up my leg. I looked to see that only her left hand was ringing up the customer. I tried to look down at whatever she was using to stroke my thigh and caught a glimpse of her phone just before it disappeared under my skirt, pushing it up a little as it raised. 

I tried to focus on cleaning the oven as she rung up customers, but I couldn't as she softly ran the phone edge up and down the length of my pussy lips against my underwear. She was trying to tease me. It was working. 

Some people I know from school, friends, asked what I was doing. Mykala simply explained that there was a huge rush in the morning and that I had offered to stay and clean up for her. 

About five minutes into the phone rubbing I was biting my lip slightly and squeezing my knees together. 

A slight moan escaped my mouth.

Horrified, I quickly shook my hand to pretend like it was a moan of pain, not pleasure. At the same time the phone left me. A customer had finally ordered coffee. I turned to see Citrine, a redhead girl who lives on my floor and worked out with me sometimes. I fan myself a bit and try to look normal for her, thank god for the apron. I gave her the excuse Mykala had been giving.

"That's so sweet of you, you need any more help?" she asked, her blue eyes sparkling. 

"Thanks but she's almost done," Mykala said, showing up again with the coffee. She looks around for the sugar and eventually crouched down to get it from the bottom shelf. "It's 3 dollars," she called up to Citrine. As the redhead looked for her money Mykala takes the time to stick her hand up my leg and into my panties for a split second. When she pulls out her finger, to my horror, it's slick.

"Naughty girl," she whispers to me, standing up and pouring sugar into the coffee. "This fiery one's really cute, I'll giver her a little extra." 

To my horror, with Citrine still fumbling with her wallet, Mykala stirred the sugar into the coffee with the same finger she had sent up my skirt.

"Thank you very much," Citrine smiled again, eyes sparkling, and leaves to let the next customer through. I whispered an apology to Citrine under my breath.

"It's time you did the same to me," Mykala said as she moved me to pretend like I was rearranging the chip rack. She guided my hand to her ass. It was supple and firm, especially with her black, skin tight yoga pants, and under it to her pussy, covered in damp fabric. Her legs shut together and my hand was trapped.

Her hand went down the front of my skirt and into my panties.

"Do as I do," she whispered. We worked in tandem, our inner hands on each other's mounds, our outer ones handling purchases. 

It was easier said than done to do as she did. For one thing it was embarrassingly arousing. I couldn't focus on much besides her hand rubbing my lips. I'd never been attracted to girls or been with a girl, but I deny anyone wouldn't be turned on by Mykala's expert hand in their pants, rubbing their sex. I'm sure I was blushing.

The other reason it was difficult to do as she did was because she had open room to work, whereas my hand was clamped between her shapely thighs. I don't know what came over me. Maybe it was for Rain, or maybe, just maybe, I genuinely wanted to, but I tried. I moved my hand up and down her lips with my limited space and rubbed her clit. I started to push in the wet, stretchy fabric of the yoga pants, moving my fingers inside her as much as I could. Her face began to twist and turn, her breathing became heavy. I could see she was approaching and orgasm.

This terrified me as a realized, so was I. I tried as hard as possible to suppress mine, but Mykala took hers with full force.

I managed to get one finger rubbing her clit as the rest of them applied pressure into her sex, a position that I was sure would cramp up my hand at any moment. She bit her lip hard to suppress her screams and her inevitable high. She lasted like this for about 30 seconds, at which point her register was empty. She bent herself over the counter and bit down on her arm to keep her moans from resonating as I brought a woman to orgasm for the first time.

I continued moving my hand as she came inside her pants, writhing on the counter, her muffled screams all too clear to me. Seeing it made me more aware of my impending climax for some reason. Maybe...maybe it aroused me.

As Mykala came down from her high she pulled me down behind the counter, out of view from the world, and threw off my apron and her jacket so she was in only her sports bra. It was probably just too hot for her a that point. She sat me down with my knees up and legs apart. Then she took my two fingers from the hand that had been rubbing her, stuck them in her mouth, and started to rub me furiously. 

I didn't want to, I shouldn't have, but I couldn't control it. I suppressed it for as long as I could, but Mykala came forward, dropping my fingers, and kissed my neck. It was like she pressed a button. My feet went up on there toes and my arms gravitated my body towards the hand as my orgasm hit. I lost awareness of the world around me and began to moan loudly, but Mykala shoved me into her chest and stifled my screams as she continued to rub my creaming pussy.

When she could tell my high was over she released all contact with me, leaving me sitting in the corner, disheveled and scared. 

She sucked on her hand as she rummaged threw some drawers looking for something. When she seemed to find it, a small drawstring bag, she came back and sat in front of me casually. She opened the bag and pulled out two small towels, scissors, a small mirror, a comb, a note, and a pair of panties. 
