 Author's note: For those of y'all returning I want to thank you all for your kind words and encouragement! So because of that, as promised, here is the part 2. I also planned out what would be two additional parts, so if I know people still like them I'll keep writing them! For anyone who's new, please read part 1 first, it's a fast read! 

Guide to Returning Characters for Reference:
(Alphabetically ordered)

Aphra: Short, 100% Chinese, with long black hair, full lips, and big brown eyes. Athletic body with medium bust. The sort of ring leader of a large social group at the school. 

Haley: Southern bell looking girl with long wavy blonde hair and green eyes. Petite. One of Sarah's two best friends.

Mrs. Hewitt: Sarah's math teacher. At 35, Mrs. Hewitt is kind, curvaceous, and a friend to all the students. 

Lilac & Pond: The very small, petite, Filipino twins who's only noticeable difference is predisposition to lipstick. Lilac with purple and Pond with red.

Lizabet: At Sarah's height of about 5'9, the Canadian is a cyclist and runner, with large legs and fantastic backside, contrasted with a pert, smaller breasts in an athletically 'bottom heavy' look. She has very straight sandy brown hair and a cute smile. She is involved in Sarah's torment in a sort of unwilling yet willing way, and Sarah maintains positive feelings towards the incredibly shy girl.

Mykala: The Barista who initiated Sarah's experience. In her late 30s with blonde hair and pale skin, Mykala is your typical soccer mom looking woman.

Olive: The tall, 5'11, half German, half Asian girl who is seen as Aphra's 'second in command' often. She is built like Sarah, except more on the tall and a bit less on the curvy, with nicely bronzed skin and shoulder length black hair.

Rain: Sarah's other best friend that Sarah is trying to protect from getting compromising photos of leaked. 

Sarah: The girl telling the story. Half Spanish and half Iranian, Sarah has the bronzed skin and dark brown hair and mix of facial features from both her ancestries, with all the curves and full bust/bottom of the Spanish and the big brown eyes middle east.

Mrs. Touhy: Sarah's dreaded art teacher. She wears thick framed black 'hipster' glasses, long, straight, fire engine red hair parted right down the middle, with a big smile. She has some tattoos, with her left arm completely covered in a sleeve of tattoos while her right arm is bare. She tends to play favorites with the students, and she and Sarah have never seen eye to eye.


*********************

Part 2:

"Take off your clothes," Aphra had said. Why did those words make my insides stir with more than just fear?

I did as instructed, but tried to cover myself as much as possible while I removed everything from my body.

In front of me, as you may remember, was Aphra, Olive, and Lizabet. Everyone else in our train car was passed out, drugged by the Queen. I looked to Mrs. Hewitt again. If only she would just wake up. 

Into the train car filed Lilac and Pond, the tiny Filipino twins whose only difference was there purple vs. red lipstick. Mrs. Touhy also came in with her fire-engine red hair and body art. Behind her was Mykala, the soccer mom barista who seemed to be following us everywhere. Then came a new face. Mariah.

Mariah (pronounced as 'Maria' though), is, obviously, a classmate of mine. As was often the norm with our school, Mariah Akerson was a halfie of Brazilian and Swedish descent, both of which shown in splashes all over her. She had a lithe, dancers body with wavy, light brown hair. Her skin tone took more after her Brazilian roots, but her eyes were a bright blue like the sky. She walked in smiling away, but seemed a little nervous at the same time. 

Everyone was holding bags as they came in. Mykala put a sleeping mask on me, blinding me, and I heard a lot of zippers opening and rummaging of cloth. When it was removed and I opened my eyes, everyone had changed into identical clothes. Long, black sundresses. Some of them were strapless, others strapped, others halter tops, but they all showed seemed thin and soft and clearly no one had anything on underneath.

All the newcomers managed to sit around our cubicle. They squeezed into the seats and the rest sat on the floor. All except for Mrs. Touhy. She sat on Mrs. Hewitt's unconscious lap and started to kiss Mrs. Hewitt's lips and squeeze her large, rounded breasts. 

"Can I just take her to the other room or something?" Touhy asked rhetorically. Everyone laughed but me. I just kept my hands over my body in disgust.

Mykala stood from her chair when everyone was settled and got her bag out from under the table. It was gigantic, like a hiking bag, but twice that size. 

They approached me and Mykala said, "The Queen commands that you don't resist. Or else this will just be worse." I nodded as Mykala wrapped a blindfold around me, then set her back next to me and started to sift through it.

"Please resist," I heard Pond, "it'll be all the more fun for us!" The girls all laughed, even Mariah. Mariah and I had done been lab partners back in chemistry. She had always been nice and hard working, but I guess that mattered for just about nothing. 

I felt my hands being pulled away from my breasts and reluctantly let them be taken, my wrists were tied by a strong material I later realized was rope, but was remarkably soft on my skin. I heard something happening above me and without warning both my arms were hoisted up and outwards in front of me at 45 degree angles. 

Then I felt lots of hands on me, lifting my whole body, suspending me horizontally above the ground except for my pulled up arms. Each of my legs were made to bend completely, my calves touching the backs of my thighs, and then tied up so that they stayed bent like that.

As they held me more soft rope enveloped me. One around my clavicle, another right under my breasts, another at my waist, more around each of my legs, all of them suspended from the ceiling. When they were done it was like I was splayed in doggy style in mid air except my arms were up and outwards, showing off my chest and my legs were spread wide. I was so scared yet, oddly, not too uncomfortable. 

The blind fold came off and I realized I wasn't truly scared yet. I was tied so my front was facing the table, and Aphra and Mariah were standing in front of me...holding crops. I'm not sure how high I was up, but I was at eye level with Aphra, so I suppose a little above 5 feet. 

With everyone else still seated, the two girls separated and walked along my sides, both of them dragging the crops along the sides of my body until they reached my ass and raised them up. They met behind me and, with the way the lights were angled, I could see their reflections in the window. 

Both the girls had strapless dresses on. Mariah stood behind Aphra, who she was at least a head taller than, and pulled on her dress so her perky breasts popped out and started to cup them with her hands. 

Aphra raised her crop and poked it onto my pussy, rubbing it. 

"Mmmph." I tried to stifle my noise. But god it felt amazing. Until it didn't.

THAP.

With a flick of her wrist Aphra's crop came down on my left ass cheek. Mariah came out from behind her and hit me as well.

THAP. 

Straight on the right ass cheek. Both strikes hurt more than I had expected them to for such small strokes. But I gritted my teeth to keep from making noise. 

Lilac came up and stood behind Mariah, pulling her dress down and playing with her breasts. I heard her 'ooo' and 'ahh' at the feeling, like she was getting a massage, which I suppose she sort of was. Pond stood and did the same to Aphra.

THAP. THAP. 

Two strikes, one from each of them again on both my cheeks. I grunted out in pain. Mrs. Touhy finally got off Mrs. Hewitt and stood right in front of me, looking into my eyes through her thick framed glasses. I looked passed her to the reflection to see Mariah and Aphra kissing a long kiss, tongues swirling, then nodded to each other. I gulped as they brought the crops up high.

THAP. THAP.

"Ah!" I screamed that time, and Touhy shoved her tongue in my mouth and began to kiss me with very wide kiss. 

THAP THAP. THAP THAP. 

Two shots from both of them as I screamed into Touhy's mouth and she sucked on my tongue.

For a time the crops stopped being used and I just shared the kiss with my dreaded art teacher. It was like an angry kiss. Rough and sloppy, but it was making me forget the pain. In fact it was once again making me-

THAP. THAP.

"Shit!" I said, released from Touhy's mouth. My ass felt hot and sore.

THAP. THAP.

The rope ties were beginning to feel tighter with each swing of the crops. 

"Twins, come here," Touhy said, backing away from me. Lilac and Pond went to Touhy, making Aphra and Mariah frown in complaint. They took their disappointment out on me.

THAP THAP THAP. THAP THAP THAP.

Three shots from each of them this time as tears welled in my eyes and I moaned out. I mean, cried out. As I cried out.

The twins got to Touhy and she sat on the edge of the table in the middle. She had both the twins bend over the tables on either side of her, pulling up their dresses to expose their asses. 

"I've seen your instructions, there's nothing in there that permits fondling your classmates the way you just did!"

"I'm sorry!" They said in unison of fear. Touhy just raised her hands up.

"Count!" She yelled, before sending her hands down.

ONE.

THAP. THAP.

All three of us yelled. I was afraid for the twins. They were so small I thought they might break. 

TWO.

THREE.

Lilac and Pond held hands as Olive and Lizabet tried to comfort them respectively. I closed my eyes, but Touhy turned around and tapped my shoulder until I opened my eyes. She was making me watch.

FOUR.

FIVE.

THAP. THAP.

Couldn't they alternate instead of hitting both cheeks every damn time?!

Touhy sent the last half differently. She had the twins turn around and pull off their dresses, then stay standing, but lean back on the table. I watched as Touhy's long tattooed arm and her bare arm reached down and began to rub their mounds. The girls made soft 'mmm' sounds at the attention.

SIX.

Without warning Touhy flicked her wrist and slapped down on both the girls' mounds. They yelled out in agony as Touhy began to rub them again. After a few seconds their eyes fluttered closed trying to enjoy the attention again.

SEVEN.

With this outcry the girls became more weary of the pleasure. 

EIGHT.

NINE.

Touhy rubbed on the girls for a full minute, making soft gentle circles on their clits. I watched her hand, her tattooed on wedding ring was making an blurry circle as it rubbed faster and faster and the twins began to breath heavily in pleasure. Touhy stopped her rubbing and grabbed them both by the hair and pretty much threw them onto the table on their backs. When they were there she sent the last one down.

TEN.

When it was over Lilac was crying and Olive was kissing her and Pond was petting her hair trying to calm her down. Their asses were so red. They were rather tan, so our skin tones were kind of similar, making me think my own backside probably didn't look too much better. Which reminded me, I hadn't been hit in a while. They were probably enjoying the show too much. 

Mariah was walking by me now, her crop no where in sight. Her piercing blue eyes looked into mine. I started to think about her sister and her matching eyes, but we'll get to her later.

Lilac and Pond went behind me to join Aphra, who's reflection was now blocked from my view.

Mariah crouched down under me with a smile and took my left nipple in her mouth without warning. Olive suddenly rose, approached, and did the same to my right. Their tongues swirled and their lips sucked and I just hung their with no other choice but to enjoy it. And I did. Each time their tongue hit me it was like a message to my body to get even more wet. 

Then I felt more tongues.

What I assumed were Lilac and Pond began to lick my ass cheeks where I had been getting spanked, easing my pain and making me sigh with pleasure and relief. The four mouths worked gently on me and I was just starting to work up a moan when I felt the twins pull off of me. Uh-oh.

THAP THAP.

Aphra had both crops now, and sent them both down on me. The instant they left my skin I felt the flats of tongues on me again, easing the pain, and Olive and Mariah were still playing with my breasts. It was such a strange sensation of hurting and then immediate relief that confused my brain, but had a very straightforward, obvious effect between my legs.

"You guys have to see how wet she is," Aphra said, prompting almost everyone to go stand behind me, including the girls at my nipples, making me frown and curse under my breath. Only the sweet Lizabet and sinister Touhy stayed in front of me. Lizabet was trying her best not to look at me, and Touhy was trying to eat me with her eyes.

"Everyone gets a shot!" Aphra announced. And then they came. First to the right, then the left.

THAP. THAP. THAP. THAP. THAP. THAP. THAP. 

THAP. THAP. THAP. THAP. THAP. THAP. THAP. 

When it was over I was working to hold back a sob, but a few tears were rolling down my cheeks nonetheless. My hair was damp with sweat and my body was stiff and sore. I just wanted to stretch my legs and twist my back but remained immobile while the girls all talked about my wetness.

Touhy approached me and licked my face to clean up the tears. She was tender, but controlling.

Without warning I started to get untied. My legs were allowed to be unbend, my wrists and waist freed, it was intricately done, as if they'd practiced, so that my body was lowered slowly and gently...but it was the wrong way. They allowed my legs to be unbent and hoisted me up by the ankles higher, letting the rest of my body hang until I was upside down.

"Who's gonna be the right height?" Aphra announced before walking up to me, "Damnit!" She cursed. 

I felt the warmth of my blood rushing down as one by one they all stood in front of me, matching up their bodies to mine, trying to find a fit. I wasn't sure how long I could stay like that.

"Looks like we have a winner!" I heard Aphra say. I craned my neck to see Mariah, who was very tall, and saw that her sex was lined up with my mouth.

"Better be quick or you might pass out," Mariah told me as she raised her dress. I could already feel that to be a possibility with the inversion and movement of the train. So I wasted no time in reaching forward and grabbing the half Brazilian's ass, pulling her too me. 

The angles were strange. She tiptoed so that when I craned my neck upward her sex was above me. She lowered onto my mouth so I was kissing her pussy lips, the third ones I ever had, making her sigh. My tongue made its way out and down, forgetting that was where the clit was in this angle, and she almost jumped in pleasure. 

I hated what they were doing to me. How they were treating me, how they were just throwing me every which way, thinking they could do whatever they wanted. But damn if tasting her didn't make me hornier. I was ready to explode at a touch.

Mariah got tired of wearing her dress and threw it off. Her hands reached down and pawed at my breasts as I sucked in her clit and her whole body stiffened. It was for her own pleasure, but the attention to my chest felt nice. Mariah started to move against me but quickly realized how much that limited me and stopped, focusing her kinetic energy into playing with my inverted breasts. They were just happy not to be hanging so uncomfortably.

My mouth got wider and she yelled something in Portuguese, I took it as a good sign and continued with my tongue's pattern of pressing on her clit while my lips suckled away at whatever they could touch. I felt her move around and I hugged her body closer to me just as she began to buckle a little at the weight of the ecstasy that hit her and my mouth. Just as she was screaming out, I felt it.

My ass was spread and a tongue dove into it. I moaned out loudly but had it muffled by Mariah's sex in my mouth. The tongue toyed with my rosebud, trying to poke its way inside. It made my pussy so hot and I could feel myself get close as my face was flooded with Mariah's finale. My body began to tremble just as Mariah's orgasm finished and she pulled off my mouth...but then so did the mouth on me.

No!

I shook around in frustration as I was lowered to the ground. I hated them for what they were doing, but almost more for not allowing me to reach satisfaction in it. My hand reached for myself unconsciously, but I remembered my surroundings and stopped. I closed my eyes in my dizziness as hands helped me onto the floor. 

The dragged me by the table. Some cloth was under me and they sat me down with my back to the seats. A body straddled me making me open my eyes.

Above me was Mrs. Touhy. Her hair and perfect teeth and tattoos shining off her, even in her black dress, as the sunlight burned through window. For a second her smile looked almost sweet, until it didn't. Once again she licked my face, kissed me controllingly, took me for herself in my daze.

"You taste great on her," she told Mariah, who thanked her genuinely. Touhy's hand went under her dress and rubbed herself for a moment, then brought it up and to my mouth, rubbing her wet hand all over my face and in my hair and breasts. It felt so dirty, and enticing. I wanted to pound my pelvis up into her, but I also didn't want to be tied up again.

"Just remember who tastes the best," she whispered in my ear before getting off of me. Lizabet then sat next to me with my bag. I thought she was going to help me dress but instead she produced my shirt and apologized as she covered my face with it, blinding my sight. I began to hear all the women change again and something else. Wrappers.

Lizabet seemed to be opening some of those lollipops that I had been made to buy. I also heard her change after.

When the shirt was removed from my face everyone seemed to be wearing their normal clothes again, like nothing had happened. Then I felt a hard substance on my sex, and looked down to see Lizabet rubbing me with a lollipop. My eyes fluttered shut immediately to enjoy the sensation, but it was gone very soon. She did the same with a few more, each time giving me hope, adding to my piggy bank of foreplay, but never giving me anything once she had all the pops done.

Then the girls lined up and they all got ones of their own, Lizabet repeating the process numerous times until they were all sucking on their own pops. Lizabet didn't take one for herself though.

They all watched as I got dressed in new clothes they presented me. A faded green tank top and tempo shorts. Once again they were from my personal wardrobe. I was just happy about getting a bra this time, too bad I wasn't as lucky in the panties department, there were none to be found. 

Lizabet stashed the rest of the lollipops back in the bag.  With it were the other items they had me buy earlier. The feather duster, teddy bear, the magazine, and the three bars of chocolate.

We sat for a little while and about 10 minutes before the train stopped people started waking up. I heard Mrs. Hewitt smack her lips a few times and apologized to her under my breath.

As the train stopped Aphra stood before anyone else.

"Come with me," Aphra told me. I sighed. I still felt weak and stiff and dirty, but I followed her and we went to the edge of the train car. I looked through the window and faintly saw into the next one over. What she said next shaped a lot of the events of my weekend.

"You see those five girls there?" She asked me, pointing at a group of girls squeezed around a table in the next car over. I nodded. "Those girls have no idea what's going on this weekend. If you can fuck them, you can get a hint as to who the Queen is. Each fuck comes with a hint. The sooner you fuck them, the sooner you get the hints, the sooner this is all over." Her hand squeezed my tender ass, "Unless you don't want it to be."
