 We were still in school when my best friend started living with me and my parents. She had to move in with us due to family problems at home, so she had a certain vulnerability about her, yet at the same time a level of confidence that I lacked. Her name was Lily and she was 18 like me, half-Italian, of petite-build, with tanned skin, dark brown hair and bright hazel eyes. I loved her so deeply, as my best friend, as my foster sister and, increasingly, I began to think that perhaps I loved her as something more than that. Lily was my world. I just wanted to protect her from all the sadness in her past and all I could ever think about in classes at school was going home with her. I admired Lily for her strength, her beauty and her success with the boys at school. She was gorgeous, so that every boy wanted her – full, bouncing breasts, a slim but curvy figure and a cheeky smile. Not to mention her naughty nature. Lily had kissed boys before and they'd played with her tempting tits and even stroked her pussy, but she'd never let anyone fuck her. We were still young, after all.

Unlike Lily, I'd never had a boyfriend. In fact, I'd never even had my first kiss! At the time, I thought it was because I was ugly, but looking back now at photos of my tall, slim figure, perky, little tits, sparkly, blue eyes and glossy, brunette hair, I realise that I wasn't ugly at all – I was just shy in front of boys! With Lily, though, I wasn't so shy. I knew her very well and we knew all each other's secrets. There was only one side of each other that we didn't quite know yet and that was all about to change. 

One night, we stayed at my grandparents' house, where we shared a bed. We lay in that double bed, talking and giggling and Lily, as she had done so many times before, dared me to kiss her. She was always trying to get me to kiss her but I resisted, not because I didn't want to but because I didn't want to remember forever that my first ever kiss was with a girl. On this occasion, Lily raised the stakes, daring me to kiss the back of her hand so I could learn and she could tell me if I was doing it right. I agreed and, after a while of softly kissing the back of her hand and whirling my tongue around on her skin, Lily said that I was quite good but I should practise on her nipple instead. I smiled and nodded.

I couldn't believe this was about to happen but it just seemed natural, yet naughty at the same time, that I really wanted to suck on her tit. Lily pulled her pink pyjama top up, exposing her bare breasts, so full and round. The sight was jawdropping. Lily's beautiful breasts were so much bigger than my youthful, perky tits and they looked amazing. Her nipples were darker than mine and they stood to attention in anticipation of my kiss. I was nervous but excited, as I reached out to touch one softly, holding it still, as I lowered my head and began to kiss her breast, sucking on her hardened nipple, softly at first but then harder and more passionately as I gained my confidence. She gasped and breathed heavily as I pleasured her, practising for my first kiss on my best schoolfriend's nipple. After a few minutes, I stopped and she pulled her top back down. I was very turned on and it suddenly didn't seem such a big deal to share my first kiss with another girl, especially not with my amazing Lily, so when she asked me to kiss her again, I did. It was awkward and a bit fumbley, as all first kisses are, but it was so special because it was with her.

A few weeks passed without anything much being said between me and Lily about what had happened that night at my grandparents' house. I had bunk beds in my room at home and Lily usually slept on the bottom bunk. Occasionally, I would moan that I wanted a cuddle at night and ask her to let me sleep in the bottom bunk with her. Lily liked her own space but, every so often, she would agree. On one particular night, after a long day at school, we got into bed together and we were cuddling and getting more and more cosy. Somehow we got talking about how Lily loved my tiny tits because they were such a good shape, despite being quite small. The conversation turned me on, and it must have turned her on too, because the next thing I knew she was reaching out and squeezing my tits hard, and we began to kiss. As we did, I felt myself getting wet between my legs. My innocent pussy was tingling as Lily teased my tits. Before I knew it, Lily was on top of me, pinning me down with my hands above my head, and her gorgeous tits smothering my face. They felt so soft and lovely, squashing against my face and before I knew it her tempting tits were filling my mouth. I sucked on her hard nipples until she moaned loudly, so loud that I was sure we would wake my parents. I told her to shhhh and we giggled, her tanned tits still smothering me.

It might have been funny but it was so sexy too. I was so horny and I wanted this girl. As soon as Lily stopped pinning me down, I rolled her over, admiring her bouncing breasts as I did, and got on top. I straddled my naughty best friend and then slowly slid my silky body down to her middle and pushed her legs apart. I teased her, tickling her between her legs from the outside of her clothes, and felt the wetness of her juicy pussy oozing through the material. It was too much, I couldn't wait any longer, and I forcefully pulled down her pyjama bottoms and thong, leaving her creamy, teen pussy exposed. Her perfect pussy looked so gorgeous in the moonlight. I lowered myself further down, and stared nervously at her gorgeous slit, building up the courage to slip a finger inside her inviting cunt. Slowly, I slipped just one finger inside her juicy and it felt heavenly – so soft and warm and tight. Lily gasped as I began pummelling more and more fingers inside her pink pussy, filling her up like she'd never felt before. I was pounding her deeply, tearing up her tight, little cunt as my fingers ploughed into her. Here we were, two young virgin girls, one getting finger-fucked by the other, and we were both loving it.

Her pink pussy was so divine that I had to taste it. I pulled my fingers out of her slippery hole and began to use my tongue to run up and down her pussy lips. By now, Lily's cute, little cunt was oozing juices and it tasted so sweet as I lapped them up. My tongue soon found her clit and I circled it with the tip of my tongue, then sucked at it hard, taking the whole clit inside my mouth. Lily grabbed hold of my long hair and dug her nails into the back of my neck, as she shook with pleasure. This little girl might have been a virgin but she was a slut in the bedroom, clawing at me like an animal. 

As I ate her out, she moved her hips towards me, face-fucking me. I didn't realise that I was making my friend feel so good but she was getting closer and closer to the climax and, as I continued licking her wet, teen pussy, I slipped two fingers hard and fast inside her tight, little cunt. Suddenly, it seemed she could take no more. Lily screamed, scratching at my shoulders and shaking all over as she came for me. Her pussy was grabbing onto the finger still inside her cosy cunt as she shook with jolts of pure pleasure. I carried on licking away at her creamy pussy, now even wetter, until Lily's breathing slowed down. Then, I slid back up the bed and kissed her, letting her taste her own sweet juices on my lips. Goodness knows how my parents didn't hear Lily's mind-blowing orgasm that night but they never mentioned it.

The next day, I was sitting in class when I noticed my hand smelt strange. Trying not to draw attention to myself, I sniffed my middle finger and realised it still smelt of Lily's delicious pussy juices. That turned me on so much that I felt myself getting really wet in class! Lily had done it for me – she could turn me on at any time, even just the thought of her turned me on. Luckily for me, that was the not the last time that Lily and I had naughty nights after school. But the rest is another story....