 Lisa Kwo sat on her bed in Cheshire House contemplating the bags that lay strewn around the two girl bedroom. Absentmindedly, she twisted her long thick black hair into plaits, finger-combing it out, before starting again.

Despite being the same age as the eighteen year old Helene Ashe who'd been summarily deposited into her room, she only knew the blonde girl by reputation. And what a reputation! Up until a few months ago, Helene had been quiet and studious, keeping herself to herself - and then the stories of her exploits with her friend, Miranda Thomas, had started to circulate.

Lisa felt somewhat giddy at the prospect of sharing her room with such a girl - supposed to have slept with many of the school staff, and not just the male members either - as well as most of the girls that had been sharing her dormitory...

Whatever had had happened last night had obviously been too much for the school to ignore. Everyone knew that Miranda had just walked out the school gates before breakfast that day, her schoolgirl uniform left behind on her bed, and now here was Helene... 

Lisa and Helene had barely exchanged a word before the slim blonde had taken herself off to the showers. She'd been an awfully long time, Lisa thought.

Her mind drifted away, and back onto the dreadful prospect that faced her tomorrow. A third viva with Ms Baker - and she absolutely had to pass this exam if St Cats was to enter her for the Oxbridge examination. Lisa didn't understand it, her family had moved from Japan three years ago, and by any measure, her command of English was perfect - but when it came to thinking quickly, marshalling her thoughts in the oral examination, her tongue turned to lead and her thoughts deserted her.

The door opened, and Helene came in, blonde hair tousled and wet, wrapped in a white towel. She nodded at the Japanese girl, who looked deep in thought.

"I'm Helene."

They shook hands awkwardly.

"I'm Lisa. I'm sorry about..."

Helene smiled nervously.

"Me too. What's everyone been saying?"

Lisa looked around the room, anywhere except at the English girl's bright blue eyes. She'd heard the rumours, despite everyone concerned being sworn to silence, but she couldn't bring herself to say the shameful words.

Helene made a face.

"If it's as bad as that, they're probably right. "

She swallowed hard.

"OK. The truth. You need to know. I was in bed with Miranda, and Forsdyke came in and pulled the blankets off us and everyone saw what we were doing."

Helene looked terribly upset.

"Miranda would have been expelled, only she left before Forsdyke did it, I would have been too, only Byrne spoke up for me, said I had excellent prospects and just needed to get out from under Miranda's influence. He said I'd gone off the rails, the bastard."

Lisa looked at her steadily from under her thick black fringe.

"So they relented. With Miranda gone, they said I could stay, as long as I moved in with ..."

She broke off.

"With the other high-flyers. And worked hard."

She looked at the oriental girl on the opposite bed.

"I'm sorry, are you OK? I didn't stop to think. Is it terribly horrible, having to share your room with me?"

Lisa tried to laugh.

"It's not that. It's my viva retake tomorrow. I keep failing, I get so nervous."

Miranda looked surprised.

"Can't believe you haven't passed that already, everyone knows you're the brightest girl in the school."

Lisa shrugged, feeling the shameful tears pricking at her eyes.

Helene rushed across the room, the towel slipping from her shoulder, exposing her delicate pale skin. She wrapped her naked arm around the girl.

Lisa felt dismayed, having this half-naked girl, with such a bad reputation on her bed felt very wrong. Helene's hand was stroking her hair.

"There's no reason you shouldn't pass easily," the girl was saying, "do you take a friend in with you?"

Lisa shook her head. There was no stopping the tears now.

"I lied," she was saying, "I told my parents I had passed, I couldn't bring myself to tell them I had failed, how could I, after all this time... my family..."

She dried her tears, trying to be brave.

"No, I don't take a friend. I don't really have a friend to take."

Helene squeezed her.

"Look, I know we've only just met, but we both need a friend now. Take me, maybe it'll help. Who's taking the viva anyway, is it Kelly by any chance?"

Lisa shook her head.

"No, he took my first. It's Baker this time. I don't really know her."

"Let me come with you. It sounds like you need a friend."

The next morning, the girls got dressed in their school uniforms. White blouses, dark blue pinafore dresses that came down to their knees. Thick black stockings, pulled up over their knees. Helene looked ruefully at her unworn sensible flat shoes.

"I thought I'd seen the end of having to dress like a little girl," she said, plaiting her long blonde hair into a tidy French plait. She looked over at Lisa, her hands shaking as she tried organizing her hair into a pair of pigtails.

"Let me do that."

Helene sat on Lisa's bed, her legs either side of the girl's boyish body, pulling her hair straight, deftly twisting the Japanese girl's hair into thick black strands. For the first time in ages, Lisa felt herself relax, comforted by the shared intimacy of the other girl's body. She tried not to think of the images she had in her mind: of Helene and Miranda, sweaty, aroused, entwined around each other's naked bodies, their faces in each others... she forced herself to not think about it, Lisa tried not to acknowledge the shameful excitement of the forbidden that was swelling in her body.

The two girls stood outside Ms Baker's office, waiting for the clip-clop of high heels that would announce the teacher's presence. Helene thought she'd never seen such a completely groomed teacher before: always immaculate in a severe jacket and skirt, towering high heels, black stockings with that perfectly straight black seam rising up the back of her calves. Not a hair out of place, make-up artfully applied, the very thought of her made Helene feel shabby and ungroomed. Almost unconsciously, she bent down, pulling up her stocking tops beneath her dress.

"Come."

"The voice of doom!" Helene said under her breath, relieved to see a brief smile flash across Lisa's usually emotionless face.

Ms Catherine Baker was sitting behind the large wooden desk, empty of everything except a notepad and a pen.

"Miss Kwo," she said, glancing up, "and with Miss Ashe today, as well. Nice to see you've bonded so quickly."

She glanced down at her notepad.

"Well, no point in waiting, we might as well dive in. Helene, if you could sit to Lisa's right so I can be sure you're not helping her, we'll start. English Literature, first, Lisa, please summarize the story of Shakespeare's Henry VIII, we'll start there and move into history."

Helene looked at her room-mate, expecting her to jump smoothly into an answer, but instead Lisa had frozen. Her mind had obviously gone completely blank.

The teacher sat silently, her red lips pressed firmly together.

"Perhaps you could start with the main characters? You do know this play, don't you, we went to see it at Stratford in the autumn."

Lisa started to talk: her mouth was dry, and the thoughts unorganized. After a few minutes, Ms Baker raised her hand.

"Perhaps you need to, " she searched for the right word, "unwind, relax a little?"

"That's what I said she needed to do," said Helene.

A glimmer of a smile crossed the teacher's immaculate face.

"I'm sure your idea of unwinding is very different from Ms Kwo's. Not every girl here in St Cats uses sex as a panacea for all ills."

Helene felt her cheeks flushing: "that's not fair, miss," she started.

Catherine Baker turned to her.

"Don't come the little Miss Innocent with me, Ashe. There's not a teacher or student here who doesn't know pretty much everything and everyone you've done. I'm probably one of the few people here who hasn't had you one way or another."

A flash of anger rose in Helene's head.

"I haven't left yet."

Ms Baker regarded her thoughtfully.

"Is that a threat or a promise? There are teachers here who'd have you over that desk and be spanking that pert little bottom of yours for less."

The teacher glanced at her watch.

"Well. I think I'm going to get a cup of tea and leave you two to talk it over."

She swept out of the room, leaving the two girls alone.

"It's a pity she's not Kelly," said Helene.

Lisa looked confused.

"But he's so horrible!"

Helene smiled.

"Oh I know, but I can usually twist him around my little finger."

"What do you mean?"

"Well, let's just say that Mr Kelly has certain weaknesses. I'm sure if I unzipped that huge cock of his, he'd be putty in my hands."

She laughed.

"A great big thick throbbing tube of putty!"

Lisa said: "he'd never pass me though, not for that!"

"Of course he would. It's not like you're not terrifically clever, you'll do just fine in the Oxbridge examination, this is just a formality. Ms Baker could pass you and no-one would blink an eye."

"Do you think..."

Lisa broke off.

"Is she like Kelly? Is there a way..."

Helene shook her head.

"I really don't know. All I do know is if I start anything, she'll have me down in front of Forsdyke in a second."

The door opened, and Ms Baker re-entered the room.

"So, have you managed to relax?"

She looked at the two girls.

"Perhaps I should have given you longer, given Ms Ashe the chance to work her magic on you, Miss Kwo?"

Lisa felt herself blush. She stared at the floor.

The teacher looked at her wryly.

"You can't be the one girl at the school who doesn't spend her evenings in bed with the other girls? Please don't tell me St Cats still has a virgin, an eighteen-year-old virgin?"

Lisa refused to raise her eyes: she'd die if anyone saw the tears beginning to form in her eyes.

"Not even a grope after dark?"

Lisa shook her head.

"No wonder you're tense, I can't imagine how you manage to do anything."

Ms Baker's voice softened.

"Really, Lisa, I do think that you should try to... experiment a little. I'm sure Miss Ashe here would help you adjust to life in a girl's dormitory."

Lisa's voice shook.

"How do you mean, miss?"

"Well."

Ms Baker paused.

"One's first time - with a man or a woman - is bound to be difficult. I'm just saying that Ashe here is notorious for having sex just for the sake of it..."

Helene interrupted.

"Of course, I would help Lisa, Ms Baker."

Catherine Baker regarded the school girl impassively.

"And where would you recommend she started? Being touched? Licking?"

Helene shook her head.

"Looking, definitely looking. Then touching."

The teacher smiled.

"I'll show you mine if you show me yours?"

Helene nodded her head.

"Would you mind if...?"

"Please, don't mind me."

Helene stood up.

"Will Lisa pass her exam?"

Catherine Baker laughed.

"Well, it is an oral examination, and there's no particular syllabus, so I'd say - yes - if she passes this, she could pass anything."

Lisa lifted her head up and looked at Helene and the teacher.

"I'd do anything to pass."

"That's the spirit. Helene, you were about to start, I think."

Helene stood in front of the woman and the teacher.

"I can't believe I'm doing this again," she thought, sliding her hands down her thighs to the bottom of her dress, finding the hem and pulling it up, over her legs, her waist and finally tugging the uniform over her head.

The teacher cleared her throat.

"Miss Kwo. Perhaps you can describe your friend's nearly naked appearance?"

Lisa spoke quietly.

"Helene is wearing school shoes, a simple white bra, plain white cotton underwear and black school stockings..."

The teacher interrupted her.

"Her body, Ms Kwo, what does she look like?"

Lisa flushed.

"I'm sorry miss. Helene has pale skin, blonde hair in a French plait. Blue eyes. She isn't thin, but she's finely-boned. Her breasts..."

Lisa swallowed.

"Her breasts are not large. Her waist is slim, her bottom is pleasantly rounded. I think her legs are her best features."

"Touch her."

Lisa's eyes rounded. Ms Baker raised her eyebrows quizzically.

Lisa stood, moving around Helene's standing body. As if she was electric, Lisa stretched out a cautious hand, having to dare herself to touch the girl's stomach.

"Tell me?"

Lisa's mouth was dry.

"Her skin is smooth, like silk or velvet."

"Further up."

Obediently, Lisa raised her hands to Helene's shoulders.

"Not that high, Kwo. The breasts. Cup the breasts. Both hands, from behind."

Helene felt the Japanese girl's clothed body behind her, the stiff dress material grazing her naked back. Two uncertain hands cupping her small breasts beneath the white cotton bra. Helene remembered Miranda doing the same, her hands sliding further down, lifting the edge of her underwear. The teenager trembled at the memory.

Behind the desk, the teacher shifted position.

"What is happening now?"

"Hers nipples are changing."

"How so?"

Lisa's voice was croaking with nerves.

"They are stiffening now, I can feel them against my hands."

"Excellent. Now, back down the waist, and don't stop this time."

Lisa Kwo ran her hands slowly down Helene's waist, to her hips, feeling the white cotton knickers under her palms.

"Stop there, and spread your fingers out. Let yourself feel the curve of the girl's body down towards her pubes."

Helene lent back against Lisa's body, her eyes fluttering beneath her eyelids as she felt the other girl reluctantly stretch her fingers towards her throbbing pussy.

"You should let your thumbs go under the elastic. Tease her. Then follow with your fingers."

Helene felt the girl stiffen.

"Miss?"

"Or would you rather go back to Henry VIII?"

"No miss."

"Then you'll do what I say. Now. Slide your hands under Ashe's knickers. Let them meet between her legs and tell me what you feel."

Helene thought she was going to die. Lisa's hands were barely touching her skin, she knew the girl was desperately trying not to make contact with her pussy.

"Touch me," she whispered urgently in Lisa's ear, "feel me, please."

There was a sudden change in the girl's body: Lisa's hands almost grabbed Helene's pussy beneath the straining material.

The teacher tapped her pencil on the desk.

"What signs might you look for to determine if a girl is aroused or not?"

Lisa could feel the warmth, the wetness beneath her fingers, but she couldn't bring herself to utter the words.

"Ashe? What should Kwo be able feel now?"

Helene sighed inaudibly.

"Heat. Moisture. My clit will be stiffening. My lips, my pussy lips will be swollen..."

"Correct. Would you say that Miss Kwo has turned you on?"

Helene shuddered with pleasure.

"Yes miss."

"Good. Miss Kwo, you can easily verify this by tasting Helene's pussy juice. If you would be so good as to slip one of your fingers into Miss Ashe - yes, that's right, as deep you you like."

Lisa turned her head away, trying to clear her mind, make her fingers obey the teacher's instructions. Helene groaned, feeling the Japanese girl's fingers parting her pussy lips, a finger sliding between, as far as the knuckle.

Lisa spoke, matter-of-fact: "it's very warm, Ms Baker."

"That's right, Lisa. You did that: you made her wet and slippy. Congratulations. Now let Miss Ashe lick your finger and we'll see if she agrees."

Helene moaned slightly as Lisa withdrew her finger, lifting it up to her face. She smiled, the girl looked so nervous, her finger was shaking. Helene held her hand, waiting for the glistening finger to extend, and licked deliberately along its length. The taste was rich and immediately she knew she needed more.

"Now you, Miss Kwo. This is just a start, but you may as well get used to it now."

Lisa extended her pink tongue, the tip of it just reaching past her lips.

"Don't beat about the bush, girl. Shove it in there."

Lisa's eyes opened in alarm.

The teacher sighed.

"If you want to pass, you'll do what I tell you. And more, too. Now lick your finger and taste Helene right now."

Helene watched as Lisa closed her eyes and reluctantly took the finger into her mouth as if it were poison. Then her eyes opened again, and the barest hint of a smile crossed her mouth.

"It's a pleasant taste, is it not?" said Ms Baker, "Everyone is different, but there's not much to beat a nice wet pussy. Right."

She looked at her watch.

"Moving on. Ashe, if you could step out of those knickers and sit on the desk. Legs apart, we both need to have a good look now."

Helene started to slip out of her thick stockings.

"No, no, leave those on. We haven't got all day."

Helene obliged, kicking her pants off her feet, sitting on the hard wooden desk, spreading her legs wide. Catherine Baker stood up and walked around the desk.

"Right. Lisa. What's the first thing you notice?"

Lisa stared at Helene's naked body, the puffy pink lips, the raised mound of her clit.

"Come on, come on. "

"I don't know, miss."

"Pubes. Or rather the lack of them. Ms Ashe keeps herself as smooth as a little girl. "

She looked at Helene.

"Girlfriend prefer it that way? Each to their own, I suppose. Mine likes me to keep trim, but nothing more. Not that she's ever expressed a preference."

"Your girlfriend, miss?"

Catherine Baker smiled.

"Of course. Never really fancied men, personally."

She turned to Helene.

"So do you wax?"

Helene shook her head.

"I don't really have any pubes miss, they're very fine, and blonde. I have a little shave when I shower."

"And you, Miss Kwo?"

Lisa flushed red.

"I..."

The teacher raised her hand.

"Don't bother. We'll find out soon enough, no doubt. So, where were we... right, Miss Ashe has no pubes, so she'll be nice and smooth. This area here," she said, pointing, "is the clitoris, which as you can see is nice and prominent. The lips are, as Miss Ashe said, extended, and you can see clear signs of moisture. Now. Oral sex."

Lisa took a half step back.

"Come on girl, it's not as bad as all that. We've all done it at some stage, and ... what did you think of the taste?"

Lisa tried to find the words.

"I liked it," she whispered.

Miss Baker pursed her lipsticked mouth.

"You liked it. Of course you did. Well, you're going to taste some more now."

The teacher turned to Helene.

"Lean back a little, I want to make sure there's no cheating. If you can use one hand to hold Ms Kwo's pigtails back, that would be useful. Right, Lisa. You'll need to squat in front of Ashe for this. I want you to start with kissing the top of her thighs, each side, then lick the skin up towards her pussy, but I don't want you to make contact yet.

Lisa parted her legs, squatting in front of the desk, trying to ignore the excited tingle in her belly. Her mouth was so close to Helene's pussy now, she could smell the strange scent of the excited teenager. All her instincts were screaming at her to take the girl in her mouth, to suck and lick and drink her down.

"Kissing first, then licking. We take our time, remember."

Lisa nodded, and leaning forward, licked Helene's thigh, just above her stocking top. She could almost feel Helene's skin tingle in response, and then the Japanese girl ran her tongue up towards the eagerly waiting pussy.

"You might like to lick her around her clitoris, then down again."

Ms Baker's voice sounded dry with excitement. Lisa followed her instructions.

An image of her parents watching her came into her mind, and the thrill of naughtiness, the excitement of the forbidden pleasures redoubled the aching between her legs.

"Now, Lisa, you may lick along the edge of Helene's pussy lips now. But no further. Just to give her a sense of what she can expect."
