 Helene and Lisa stood outside Miss Baker's office after a nervous school lunch. Wednesday afternoon was dedicated to sports, and it felt unnatural to be standing in the corridor while the other girls bustled towards the changing rooms.

Miss Baker opened the door and looked at the two eighteen year olds in their school uniforms.

"Both of you again?"

She looked at Helene.

"I don't think I need your presence, Helene. Here."

She handed over a small pink slip of paper.

Helene looked at it in her hands.

"What's this miss?"

"You know very well. It's a town pass. I thought you might like to go and see your friend, Miranda."

The middle-aged woman looked up and down the corridor, lowering her voice.

"If anyone asks, tell them you're going to the book shop to pick up an order for me."

She looked at the teenager.

"Well, go on then. I'm sure you'll manage to behave, god help us all if you don't."

Helene felt a sudden burst of joy in her chest.

"Miss, thank you, thank you so much!"

Baker smiled tightly.

"Just go. And behave. Miss Kwo. Your interview starts here."

Helene ran along the corridor, barely hearing a prefect yelling at her to walk. An afternoon with Miranda! When she thought she had been grounded for weeks!

Lisa watched her friend disappear, feeling her mouth go dry. After this morning's humiliation, that teacher watching her, telling Helene to touch her in places that should never feel another girl's hand - and then being forced to perform acts of oral sex, bringing the schoolgirl to a climax with her mouth... She shuddered in horror, thinking about her family and what they'd say and trying not to acknowledge the warm tinging she'd felt between her legs, the delicious taste in her mouth.

She felt her knees shake as she entered the teacher's study.

Miss Baker shut the door as the Japanese teenager came into her office, locking the door with the key.

Lisa stood in front of the teacher's desk, looking down in horror.

The teacher sat on the edge of the desk, her grey skirt riding up her slim thighs revealing the black nylon stocking tops. She fiddled with her black high heels, her red lipsticked mouth curling in pleasurable anticipation.

"What do you think these are, Miss Kwo?"

Lisa looked at the objects. Some were familiar, one or two defied description.

The teacher looked at the young schoolgirl, her honey-coloured skin, her thick dark hair, the intelligent eyes beneath the dusky fringe. Such sensuous lips, she thought, and for a moment she let herself fantasize at looking down, seeing those eyes looking up from between her legs, that innocent mouth sucking her, tasting her, that pretty little pink tongue playing with her clitoris...

She crossed her legs. No touching. Those were the rules. Anything goes, but no touching. Not any more.

"Perhaps you can show me the ones you do recognize?"

Lisa pointed shyly.

"This..."

She indicated a slim, silvery object.

"It's a vibrator. Some of the girls have them. I've seen things like this."

She pointed at a curving pink dildo.

"I've seen these too."

She blushed.

"I've seen one."

There were two other objects left.

"Describe them to me," said the teacher.

Lisa swallowed, feeling nervous.

"This one. This is like two penises, but joined together, facing away from each other."

"Well done. It's a double-ended dildo. Sometimes ladies who are having sex together use them."

Lisa frowned.

"Each lady has one end inside, and they are close together, almost touching."

She smiled to put the girl at ease.

"Sometimes they do touch, they rub against each other. It is very nice, Lisa."

"I don't know what that one is, Miss."

"Ah."

Miss Baker picked up the last object.

"This is called a butt plug. You might not believe it, but people like to put these in their bottoms. They only go in a little way, and sometimes they vibrate. If you ever wanted to use one, Lisa, you'd need to make sure it was nicely oiled."

The teacher smiled to herself.

"It's worth trying, you know. I have had the most amazing experiences with them, and sometimes my lover likes to use her fingertip inside me... "

She smiled, rolling her eyes theatrically.

"Well, I don't know if it's just because it's so naughty, but every girl should try it once. I don't think anyone would ever say 'no' a second time!"

Miss Baker smoothed her chestnut curls, brushing them back from her face.

"I just brought that in for interest. I thought you'd like to see all the different options."

Lisa swallowed.

"Options, miss?"

"Generally speaking. Options. No butt plug today. This afternoon's examination is a practical, though."

The teacher looked around her office.

"Sit down in that chair there, Lisa, and part your legs."

The teenager looked at the leather arm chair, wondering if any japanese teens had had to go through any ordeal like this before.

"Pull your dress up, girl."

Lisa looked at the teacher, lifting her school uniform dress up over her stocking tops, over her hips. She sat in the chair, feeling the cool leather against her bare thighs. Her cotton knickers slid on its smooth surface.

"New underwear?"

Lisa nodded, blushing.

"Yes miss. The others were... "

She paused. Miss Baker finished for her.

"Too wet?"

She looked amused, a smile playing over her immaculate face.

"Those are very cute. I recognize the cat motif. 'Hello pussy', I think they're called?"

Lisa laughed to herself.

"Hello Kitty."

"The pink is very pretty against your skin."

Miss Baker stepped forwards towards the girl, kneeling in front of her. She reached out towards the teenager's crotch, as if to stroke the cartoon animal's face.

"Hello pussy."

Lisa laughed again, louder this time, almost uncomfortable with how familiar this was feeling.

She looked down at the teacher, her brown eyes fixing on the older woman's piercing blue gaze. Lisa felt her fingertips running down the front of her knickers, gently stroking the rise of her pussy beneath its tight pink cotton. She sighed, almost inaudibly, the barely-there touch rippling through her body, reawakening the lustful desires that had lived in her body since this morning.

"Miss..."

"No touching."

Miss Baker raised her hand, holding the slim silvery vibrator towards Lisa.

"Let's start our lesson."

Lisa watched her press a button on the end, admiring the teacher's long red fingernails. The vibrator started gently buzzing.

"We'll start gently. Get you used to the feeling."

Carefully, Catherine Baker placed it length-wise at the top of Lisa's thick black stocking top. The girl could feel the vibration through the material, could feel it triggering feelings inside her body. Looking directly into the schoolgirl's eyes, the teacher rolled it slowly on to the bare, honey-coloured flesh, teasing it up the teenager's thigh, inch by inch.

"How does that feel, Miss Kwo?"

Lisa's eyes involuntarily closed.

"Like I need more."

The words were a whisper.

"More vibration? I can make it go faster, Lisa."

Lisa thought she couldn't say the words.

"I need it on me, Miss Baker. I need it..."

She gasped in anticipation.

"In me: I need it on me and in me!"

The vibrator had reached the edge of her pink knickers: the buzzing had reached her pussy now, Lisa could anticipate the pleasure it was going to give her.

"Are you getting wet, Lisa?"

The voice was cool and matter of fact.

"Yes miss, I'm so wet."

"I thought you were. I can see it through your panties. It must be agony."

Lisa raised her bum, desperate for more, almost crying when the teacher took the vibrator away from her body. Still with her eyes closed, she slid her crotch forward, feeling her pussy aching, her nipples stiff against the plain white blouse. The schoolgirl had to bite her lip to stop herself from begging the teacher for more.

"I don't think these are school uniform standard, Miss Kwo."

Lisa felt those long red fingernails slipping under the lace edging of her knickers, sliding along the smooth skin beneath.

"And I'm sure that you shouldn't wearing clothes that are so wet with your juices... you'll catch a cold."

The teacher placed her hands on the girl's hips, feeling the warm soft flesh, slowly rolling the underwear down, revealing Japanese teenager's small patch of pubic hair little by little.

"So pretty," said the teacher, almost to herself, transformed by the perfectly formed pussy, the soft lips glistening with excitement, the delicate mound of the excited clitoris. She felt it calling to her lips, she needed to place her mouth on the teenager, to taste that innocent cunt, to bring it to a point of ecstasy...

Miss Baker sighed, pulling the underwear down to the girl's thighs, down to her stocking tops, letting them slide to the floor at her feet.

Lisa spread her legs, not caring how wanton or filthy she must look, urgently, desperately needing and wanting the touch of the older woman.

Catherine took the vibrator again, still buzzing, and rolled it inwards, from the crease of the teenager's crotch, to the fold of her wet lips.

"Just the tip, I think."

Lisa looked down. The teacher was no longer looking back up at her, but carefully positioning the shiny vibrator, its tip almost touching the schoolgirl's parted lips. With paralysing slowness, Lisa felt the toy touch her, she felt her moist pussy lips parting beneath its touch, eager to feel its effect inside her.

The teacher looked up at the girl. Lisa didn't know whether to keep her eyes open, and watch, or close her eyes and throw her hair back.

The vibrator slid smoothly between the perfectly smooth pussy lips. The teacher pulled it out gently, penetrating the girl slowly and as deeply as the small toy would allow. She saw the wetness on its metallic surface and noted the slight sweat breaking out on the girl's belly. Miss Baker yearned for the stiff oriental pearl of the girl's clitoris - now prominent in its hood, pleading for attention, for fingers, for a tongue, for lips.

"Shall we try something else?"

Lisa nodded.

"Oh yes, yes please."

Catherine Baker stood up, wobbling slightly on her high heels. She walked to the desk, picking up the two dildos.

Back in front of the teenager, she knelt again.

"This might be too big: you are, of course, a virgin - at least in some senses..."

She looked at the girl's soaking pussy.

"I wonder if you might not be wet enough. Perhaps if you played with yourself?"

"Miss?"

"You know. Stroke yourself, touch yourself. Pretend you're going to make yourself cum."

Lisa looked embarrassed.

"In front of you?"

Miss Baker rolled her eyes.

"Yes, in front of me. Don't worry, I've seen far worse."

She sniffed.

"I shall, of course, be noting your technique and offering improvements."

"Yes miss."

Lisa felt down her body, running her hands over her pussy.

"Should I taste myself?"

The teacher frowned slightly.

"Yes, if you want to. Just be natural."

Lisa lay back with one hand over her pussy, her fingers pressing on either side of her clitoris. Holding her school uniform dress up with the other, clutching her belly, she started rubbing herself.

Miss Baker sat back on her heels. She lifted her severe skirt up over her black seamed nylon stockings, feeling her suspenders tight against her bum cheeks. If the girl was wet, the teacher was soaking. The elegant black lace thong offered no protection: Miss Baker could feel her pussy juices spreading, smearing over the inside of her thighs.

"Good god," she thought to herself, "I must be dripping..."

Beneath the scanty underwear, she ran her finger down her clitoris, her lips puffy and excited, already parting with lust.

Miss Baker slid two long fingers inside herself, rubbing her mound with her thumb as she watched the schoolgirl in front of her. She could tell from the way the teenager was rocking in the chair that she was close to an orgasm: the noise of her wetness against her fingers was more than enough. And she knew that she herself was just seconds away.

"Stop!"

The word burst from her red lips far too loudly, and despite her age, she blushed.

She spoke more quietly.

"Enough."

Lisa broke off, suddenly aware of the situation.

The teacher looked up at the girl.

"You're so wet... as wet as me, I think!"

The older woman laughed.

"Spread your legs, young lady. Bring them up high."

Lisa lay back in the leather armchair, lifting her legs up, holding her ankles through the thick black uniform stockings. The teacher gazed down at the young girl's wet pussy, the juices trickling down to her puckered bum hole.

"How old are you, Lisa?"

The reply was short.

"Eighteen."

Miss Baker lent forward to the girl's crotch.

"I'm glad to hear it."

The girl's pussy was hypnotising the teacher. Her long chestnut hair brushed the teenager's thighs. Lisa looked down, seeing a flash of pink tongue, then feeling it plunge down, licking her from below her pussy, then up - so strong, with so much pressure - pushing open her lips, grinding down on her stubbornly erect clitoris.

This time she could not be quiet: Lisa groaned loudly, pulling her legs up higher and wider, begging the teacher for more.

Again, Miss Baker licked her - at the same, achingly slow speed.

"Faster, miss, faster, please."

But the teacher stopped, sitting back on her heels.

"I shouldn't have done that, Lisa. I could get into a lot of trouble for being ... such a naughty lady."

She looked around.

"Something else. Stand up, Lisa, and take the rest of your uniform off. I think it's about time I saw you naked."

Lisa stood up, feeling suddenly self-conscious. She unbuttoned her crumpled pinafore dress, slipping off her shoulders and placing it carefully on the leather chair. Pulling the white blouse over her head exposed her simple white cotton bra, her undeveloped breasts barely filling the cups. The teenager struggled for a moment to undo her bra, revealing the stubby, stiff nipples beneath. Now completely naked apart from her school shoes and stockings, she squatted back on the chair, fiddling with the clasps, kicking her shoes off and rolling her stockings down her legs.

Lisa stood in front of the teacher, one hand cupped over her pussy, the other over her breasts.

"It's a little late for modest," commented the teacher dryly.

Lisa looked at her bravely.

"Are you going to get naked too, miss?"

Catherine Baker contemplated the suggestion for a moment.

"Yes. I think that would be appropriate."

"Can I help you miss?"

The teacher smiled wryly.

"Of course, Lisa. That would be most helpful."

Miss Baker walked over to the door, taking off her jacket and hanging it up, carefully checking that the door was still locked. Going back to the naked Japanese girl, the older woman felt her legs shake slightly in anticipation.

"Blouse first?"

Lisa nodded, nervously fiddling with the buttons on Miss Baker's silk crimson blouse.

"It's difficult, miss."

The teacher stood still while the girl finished and slid the fabric over her creamy white skin.

Lisa looked at the older woman: her breasts were much larger than hers, but the nipples no less expectant beneath the expensive black lace bra. She held one between her finger and thumb, squeezing it slightly, looking up at the teacher for a response. Seeing nothing but a calm face, Lisa pushed the lace away from the breast, exposing a dark, full nipple. Steadily looking at the teacher, she opened her mouth and bit it gently.

Now the older woman trembled, biting her lip.

She spoke hoarsely: "Now my skirt."

Lisa reached around the teacher's body, finding a single button and a zip. The skirt dropped over the woman's slim hips, leaving the woman standing in her small black thong, her suspender belt, her black stockings and her high heels.

Lisa examined the suspender belt, completely unfamiliar with how they fasten.

"Just take my knickers off, girl, for God's sake."

Lisa knelt down, hooking her thumbs around Catherine Baker's scanty underwear, pulling them down. The delicate black lace - so wet with juices - clung to the teacher's wet pussy.

Miss Baker sighed, feeling the cool air on her skin; the slightest touch of the honey coloured girl was sending powerful waves of pleasure through her body. She looked down, trying to communicate to the beautiful girl starring back up at her.

Catherine Baker lent back against the edge of her desk, parting her legs, trying not to wobble on her heels.

Lisa knew what she wanted. As the teacher looked down, Miss Baker saw the delicate pink tongue, those soft lips, felt its touch on her lips, pushing her open, lifting up, flicking her stiff, protruding clitoris.

"Lisa..."

From between the teacher's stockinged thighs, the Japanese girl looked up from beneath her fringe, deep into Miss Baker's eyes.

"Don't make me cum, not yet..."

"Are we going to use a toy, miss?"

"No, I have something else in mind."

Catherine Baker pushed the girl away gently, lowering her nearly-naked body down opposite her.

"Sit down and stretch your legs out."

Obediently, but slightly mystified, the naked teenager got down on the rug, stretching her legs out in front of her.

"Lift your right leg."

The teacher sat opposite, sliding her left leg under the girl's right leg, wrapping her nylon-covered leg around the girl's back. Miss Baker held Lisa's boyish hips, encouraging her forward, until they were touching, their legs wrapped around each others bodies.

Lisa giggled.

"Our pussies, miss, they're almost kissing."

"That's the idea, Lisa."

Catherine lent forward, feeling the girl's firm nipples pressing against her breasts. Gently, she lifted the girl's face to hers, holding her jaw, finding her lips with her mouth.

The girl obediently followed, letting the teacher's tongue slide between her lips, touching it with her own, suddenly overwhelmed with a desire to kiss the older woman deeply. She was excited, Lisa knew that, she could feel the prickle of sweat on the teacher's belly mixing with her own.

Miss Baker broke off, leaning back on her hands, pushing her hips forward. Simultaneously, they felt their pussies meet, their clitorises pressing into each others' bodies.

"Push against me, Lisa."

The teenager obeyed, copying the teacher, leaning back and pushing forward with her hips.

"Now they are kissing."

The teacher moaned softly, rocking her hips, trying to find a rhythm, grinding her wet muff against the girl's moist pussy. Her lips were spread wide, she could feel the Japanese girl's firm clitoris rubbing against, Lisa's movements mimicking her own.

Their bodies parted, and met again, their wetness rubbing into each other, their thighs and crotches sliding effortlessly on the mingling pussy juice.

The teacher gripped the schoolgirls thighs, pulling her ever closer, urgently, passionately.

Lisa groaned, panting.

"Miss, miss, you're going to make me cum, it's so wrong!"

Catherine Baker had almost lifted her entire body off the ground: the noise of the sliding pussies was overwhelming her.

She stopped: "Lisa, it's OK, it's natural. But I need something inside me."

The two women parted, Lisa leaning over to grab the double ended dildo.

"Me too... I need it so badly."

Baker lent back on her haunches, her pussy juice smeared thighs glistening in the light.

Nervously, Lisa pushed the pink dildo against the woman's cunt, sliding the thick moulded head inside easily, the ridges and creases disappearing between the teacher's pussy lips, opening her up, consuming the toy.

"Now you."

Lisa lay down, her legs either side of the woman's body, feeling the warm rubber pressing inside her. The penetration was so sudden, she nearly came, but the teacher and the schoolgirl slid together, and again they could both feel the amazing warmth of each other's mingling excitement. The teenager hugged the teacher's leg to her chest, the cool nylon sticking to her sweaty body, the black seams of the stockings now in disarray.
