 Lisa Kwo stood outside Miss Baker's office feeling nervous. The note passed to her in the school canteen had been short and sharp. 

"Come to my office immediately. This is not good enough. CB."

The Japanese schoolgirl was beginning to feel that bolting her sandwich had not been a good idea. She put her school bag down on the floor, lifted up her short navy-blue dress and tugged her thick black stockings up over her knees. Momentarily she thought what Helene would do in this situation. She laughed to herself: as much as she had enjoyed learning about her sexuality with Miss Baker, her school studies were too important. Whatever this was about, it would need to be rectified.

"Come."

The voice barked from behind the thick oak door. Lisa crossed herself instinctively, muttered something under her breath and pushed the door open.

Miss Baker was sitting behind an empty desk, leafing through a file.

"Don't sit down, Kwo."

Miss Baker didn't lift her eyes from the file. Lisa stood, trying to control the urge not to get upset. Outside, the noises of girls playing in the grounds filtered through the window, mixed with the drone of a nearby lawnmower. The sun poured in through the open window, lighting up the comfortable chair next to the teacher's fireplace.

Miss Baker turned a page.

"Science is excellent, as always. Maths ditto. Humanities are acceptable. English though."

She tapped her red fingernails on the wood desk.

"Sixty-eight per cent."

She looked up at the Japanese teen, trying to observe any reaction in those warm brown eyes.

"One more point and I might have let you off..."

She sighed.

"It's a joke, Lisa, try not to cry. I had thought about getting Mr Byrne in here. Wondered whether or not he might know of some suitable punishment. But I changed my mind. We'll see how your literature exam goes before pulling in the big guns. As it were. But for now, consider yourself failing the scholarship requirements."

The teacher permitted herself a brief smile.

"Sixty-eight per cent. I couldn't believe it myself, but there we have it. Bottom of your class. Ordinarily, I'd have you across the desk and give you six slaps on that pert little bottom of yours, but I have an interest in your - how shall we put this - extra-curricular development. So I have something special for you."

Catherine Baker looked out of the window, licking the edge of her lip carefully.

"You will recall that I had Helene teach you the basics of masturbation."

Lisa nodded slowly.

"Show me."

The schoolgirl felt lost for words.

"Show you?"

"Yes. You can use that chair, if you like."

Lisa glanced towards the window.

The teacher smiled again, showing a flash of teeth between the red lips.

"I'm sure she taught you well enough to make yourself cum very quickly."

"Miss, I can't..."

"Oh, I'm sure you can. I think you have ten minutes."

"Ten minutes?"

"The gentleman mowing the lawn - Charles. It'll take him ten minutes to mow up to the window. I want to see you cum before then."

Lisa tried to get her nerves under control.

"Miss, I can't. He'll see me. One of the girls will see me."

"Well you better make a start by getting naked." 

The schoolgirl drooped.

"What if I can't?"

"You will. Get on with it. You can't afford to fail this."

Lisa lifted her hands to her chest and started fumbling with the small buttons that ran down the front of her pinafore dress. Her fingers fumbled with the first. She dropped her head, her thick brown fringe dropping over her eyes. She tried not to think of failure, her family, of the kindly priest that had arranged for her scholarship to St Cats.

The other buttons were easier. Lisa's dress fell open to her waist, and dropped to the floor.

"Now the blouse."

At least the top was easier. Lisa popped open the buttons and lifted it over her head.

Miss Baker watched her wordlessly: the girl's body was taut and youthful, her belly drawn flat as she arched backwards with the effort of undressing.

Lisa shook her bunched hair free, instinctively tidying it with her fingers.

"Shoes and stockings," commented the teacher.

Lisa picked up her dress and draped it on a low table. Bending away from her teacher, she lifted her leg, undoing the clasp and sliding a stocking down her leg.

The older woman caught her breath. Beneath the tight, apricot-coloured pants, the girl had a very firm bottom. Miss Baker suppressed a strange desire to bite it. Lisa lifted her other leg, bending over further as she struggled with the shoe buckle, her knickers straining over her bum, the creases of her pussy clearly visible to the watching teacher.

"The next time, it will be a spank."

"Yes miss. There won't be a next time."

Miss Baker laughed to herself. There would be a next time.

The schoolgirl stood in front of the fireplace. She dropped her hands by her side.

"Shall I show you now, miss?"

Miss Baker regarded her thoughtfully. Under the tight, apricot vest-top, the girl's nipples were distinctly erect.

"Are you enjoying yourself?"

"No miss."

"Are you cold?"

"Yes miss, the window is open."

"Top off."

She paused.

"That colour suits you. Couldn't wear it myself, not with my skin. But with that rather luscious cafe-au-lait tone..."

Lisa glanced a worried look at the school grounds. Charles, the handyman, was emptying grass into a wheelbarrow. Girls were now walking along the paths to their next lessons - their untroubled faces laughing in the sun.

She pulled the vest-top over her head, trying to cover her small breasts with her arms.

"I like your hair. You don't see girls with bunches any more."

"Thank you miss."

"They make you look very young. You could probably pass for fourteen or fifteen like that."

"Yes miss."

"You can sit down now."

Miss Baker lent back in her chair. Discreetly, she lifted her skirt up over her knees, feeling the bump of her suspenders beneath the fabric, her fingertips sliding over the nylon stockings, and then onto the bare flesh of her slender thighs.

"How do you start?"

Lisa sat down in the chair opposite. She looked straight into the teacher's calm blue eyes.

"I think, miss."

Under her desk, the teacher slid a hand onto her lace underwear, feeling a need growing inside her. She let her fingers play gently over the material, enjoying the way her pussy responded to the briefest touch.

Lisa blinked. She could see the teacher's every action from her seat. She forced herself to look back up to Miss Baker's face.

"You think? What about?"

Lisa lent back, her hands stroking her breasts, feeling the hard nipples beneath her hands.

"About you, miss."

The teacher tried to stifle an involuntary noise.

"Indeed."

Her mouth was dry.

Lisa looked down at her breasts.

"I think about you biting me. About your lips on my nipples. Feeling your breath on my body."

The japanese teen tried to think what would please the teacher - if she could make Miss Baker orgasm, perhaps it'd all be over, the result forgotten.

The lawnmower started again, its harsh engine shattering the moment of peace.

Lisa slid her hands down her body.

"I think about kissing you, tasting you."

The teacher grunted.

The schoolgirl stroked her thighs.

"You're pulling down my stockings. You're kissing my thighs, pushing them apart. Kissing my belly. I can feel your curly hair on my skin.

Under the desk, Catherine Baker pulled her knickers to one side. Her pussy was aching, crying for attention. She tried to focus, stroking down either side of her clitoris, trying to keep control.

Lisa closed her eyes, her hands now between her legs. She was startled with how wet she had made herself, her underwear transparent with excitement. She rubbed herself, parting her legs, letting the teacher see her every move.

"You're taking my knickers off, miss," she whispered, arching her bum off the seat, pushing the waistband of her panties down over her hips, over her thighs, parting her legs as far as possible.

"What am I doing now?"

"Licking me closer, getting near to my pussy."

Lisa's hands were on either side of her now, rubbing up and down, making her wet lips part with pleasure, spreading her juices over her fingers. The teenager pushed a finger in between, it slid inside her, to the knuckle. She waited a moment, feeling her hand pressing against her clit, then pulling her finger free again.

"Can you taste me now, miss?"

Lisa opened her eyes, watching the teacher. She raised her wet finger to her mouth, licking it gently along the side, then sucking it in.

Miss Baker was looking flushed: but more under control.

"Go on."

Lisa could hear the gardener whistling outside on the lawn.

"Please miss..."

Miss Baker arched her eyebrows.

"Be quick."

Lisa reached down again. Her pussy was wet, desperate to cum.

"Your tongue is on me now, Miss Baker. Sliding over me, in me."

Lisa's fingers were on her clitoris now, wanking herself slowly.

"I'm cumming, miss. I'm so wet for you, you're sucking me into your mouth, oh..."

Lisa's fingers were a blur - her body was shaking with pleasure, her bum raised off the seat.

"I give you permission to orgasm now, Lisa."

Lisa groaned loudly, desperately trying to stifle her voice, horribly aware of the nearness of the man with the lawnmower. Her orgasm burst in her pussy, spreading through her body: she was almost weeping with the effort of controlling herself, but overwhelmed with the pleasure that the teacher had given her before. Memories of their pussies rubbing together, her mouth full of her juice. The naked teenager slid to the floor, breathing hard.

The whistling stopped.

"All A-OK, Miss Baker?"

"Yes, thank you Charlie."

"See you later, Miss Baker."

The whistling continued.

"You can get up now, Miss Kwo."

Lisa got to her feet. Her honey-coloured skin was red, her bunches were in disarray.

"Your work."

Lisa shuffled to the desk, her arms covering her breasts and her pussy. She took the work, and glanced at the cover-sheet. Something was wrong.

"Why did you only mark nine of the questions?"

Miss Baker looked at her.

"Don't be ridiculous."

"There are only nine scores here."

Lisa flicked open her work, glancing through the pages.

"You missed one. Here, there's a fourteen you haven't added."

Miss Baker snatched the paper from the japanese teenager. She turned over the pages, adding the score in her head. A flush came to her cheeks.

"So I did. How foolish."

She took a red pen from her desk, crossed out the erroneous total and wrote in eighty-two.

"Congratulations. Another A."

The teacher's eyes didn't meet the schoolgirl's.

"Miss."

"That's all, thank you Lisa."

"Miss," Lisa repeated insistently, "that was punishment for something I didn't do."

Miss Baker smiled tightly.

"Well, it's moisture under the bridge now."

The girl felt a flare of anger inside her. She had done all that - had undressed, touched herself, told this woman exactly what she had been thinking about in bed last night, had risked being seen by the gardener - and all because the teacher couldn't be bothered to double-check her maths.

Lisa strode to the window, pulling the curtains closed. She crossed her arms decisively.

The teacher looked at her with amusement. Although entirely naked, the girl was certainly looking forthright: her bunches seemed almost pert with anger. Miss Baker allowed herself to take in the teenager's body - the small breasts, the firm waist, the chocolate-coloured hair - that velvety skin. The small tuft of dark pubes that grew just above that sweet teenage pussy.

"Over the desk."

Miss Baker boggled.

"I beg your pardon."

"You said you were going to spank me, but instead you made me play with myself, while you fiddled under the desk."

Lisa felt in control.

"I saw you, miss. Now over the desk."

Miss Baker stood from her chair. She walked around to the front.

"You expect me to let you do this?"

"You will do it."

Catherine Baker laughed.

"Bend over."

There was something in Lisa's voice that wasn't playful.

"I can't really do that in this skirt..."

The teacher's voice tailed off.

"I'll pull it up..."

Miss Baker carefully lifted her tight skirt up over her slim hips, gathering it around her waist.

"Now bend over!"

The teacher lent over her desk, catching sight of herself in the mirror on the wall. Lisa was standing behind her, a determined look in her eye.

Lisa touched the woman's bottom, feeling the lacy underwear beneath her hand. The teacher's suspenders were tight against her skin. The girl gripped her knickers firmly, feeling the material stretch under her grasp. Then she tensed her muscles, pulled, ripping them apart from the waistband, letting them drop over her seamed black stockings and fall to her high-heeled shoes.

"You're a very naughty woman."

Lisa rested her hands on the teacher's hips, feeling her body shake. Miss Baker was remarkable trim for a woman of her age, she thought. Her hand rested on the woman's skin, her fingers resting on her straining suspender belt.

Miss Baker groaned.

"I am."

"Say it."

"I'm a very naughty woman."

"And what do you deserve?"

"Please spank me."

Lisa raised her arm, and then slapped the teacher's bare arse. Miss Baker grunted.

"Again."

Lisa raised her hand again, letting it fall sharply on the woman's bum.

"More."

Beneath her fringe, Lisa smiled to herself. This wasn't a punishment if her teacher was actually enjoying it. She let her hand slide over the woman's bottom, enjoying the velvety smoothness. Miss Baker moved slightly, parting her legs. Lisa slid her hand down, dropping between her bum cheeks, her fingertips exploring the woman.

"You're a very naughty woman who likes Japanese teenage pussy."

"I am."

Lisa could feel the teacher's pussy now, warm and wet beneath her fingers. She pressed the lips apart, tracing a small circle in the moistness. The teacher moaned.

"Please."

"Please what? I won't do it unless you say."

Miss Baker leaned further across the desk, still holding her skirt up, exposing herself more.

"Please Lisa, I need you to touch me."

"More information for full marks."

"Lisa, please, slide a finger in me, please," the teacher begged.

The teenager smiled, extending two fingers, pushing them deep inside the woman. Slowly and rhythmically, Lisa penetrated her English mistress. Lisa pulled her fingers out, letting them slip along the inside of her bum, lubricated with Miss Baker's pussy juice, observing how the woman clenched her buttocks in pleasure. Surreptitiously, Lisa licked her fingers, secretly desperate for more of the older woman's flavour. 

"Please don't stop."

Lisa stepped back, biting her lip. This woman - this middle-aged woman, who'd been so intent on making the teenager perform for her - was now begging for satisfaction.

"I have to cum now."

Miss Baker squirmed around on the desk to face the teenager.

"Please Lisa."

Lisa looked down at her. The teacher's make-up was slightly messy now, her blouse crumpled, her skirt in disarray. The woman's slim legs were parted. Beneath the neatly shaped, short triangle of dark pubic hair, her pussy lips were parted, her clitoris visible.

Lisa spoke with mock-reluctance.

"Tell me what you want."

The teacher's eyes gleamed brightly.

"I want you to make me cum."

Lisa shook her head.

"You want something, you tell me. I won't do it unless you tell me."

Miss Baker groaned.

"I suppose I deserve that. Alright, Lisa."

The teacher swallowed.

"Please, kiss my thighs."

"Where?"

Catherine Baker stifled a laugh of frustration.

"Start at my stocking tops, kiss my skin, lick me a little, move up..."

She broke off, breathing hard as the Japanese teenager bent her head down. The teacher arched her head up, watching the girl's brown bunches bobbing as she moved her head. Lisa was almost tickling her with her tongue and her lips, the action was so gentle.

"Move your head higher, to the top of my leg."

The woman shivered as she felt the girl obey her direction.

"Now, lick the crease at the top of my leg. And follow it down, slide your tongue down towards the middle..."

Catherine Baker raised her hands, holding the teenager's head, one bunch between each finger, her fingertips on the young girl's neck. She tried to steer the girl towards the centre, towards her pussy, but Lisa resisted.

"I won't do it unless you say it."

The teacher moaned.

"Please. You know what I want, just do it!"

"Say it! Tell me what you think about!"

Lisa almost shouted.

The teacher was almost crying in frustration.

"I need you, I can't stop thinking about you. I know it's naughty, but you make me so wet. Please Lisa. I want your tongue on me. I want your tongue on my pussy. I want you to kiss me between the legs. I want - my clitty needs - those schoolgirl's lips on me, sucking me, playing with me. I want your fingers inside me, I want them between my legs, I want to feel you swallowing me down, I want your fingers pressing against me, touching me between my legs when I cum... please Lisa!"

The schoolgirl lent forward, kissing the woman's stubbly pubes. Catherine Baker felt her shoulders tremble with laughter, felt the tongue pressing against her skin.

Lisa tasted the salty skin beneath the short pubic hair, she worked her tongue down over the fleshy mound, feeling and savouring every inch of the older woman's excitement. This time, she let the teacher guide her head down. The teenager explored the soft, puffiness of the woman's pussy with her tongue, licking the juice from the folds at the top of her leg.

The woman's pussy lips were swollen with pleasure. Lisa felt them with her lips and drew them into her mouth, sucking them in, pulling and teasing, feeling the woman's wetness on her face, her cheeks, her chin. Then she straightened her head, pushing harder, and slid her tongue inside the teacher's cunt, tasting the sharpness of her fresh inner wetness. Miss Baker's clitoris was firm and prominent, and Lisa felt her pull her hair further up her body. She slid her tongue over the woman's desperate pussy, feeling the clit pressing against her tongue.

The teenager opened her mouth, sucking it in, flicking it with her tongue, teasing it with slow strokes, exciting it with fast, hard actions.

Miss Baker was rocking on the desk, holding the teenager on her pussy. Lisa's hands were pressing down on her hips, feeling her suspenders stretching with the woman's ecstasy. The teacher raised her legs, the black nylon stockings sliding over the teenager's honey-coloured skin, pulling her face further and harder against her wet pussy.

Catherine Baker moaned.

"I'll say it for you, Lisa."

She caught her breath.

"I'm cumming now. Your mouth is on me, that tongue is playing with my clit, oh, please finger me, please finger me..."

Lisa's head was a blur now, her mouth and her tongue ached with the speed of her actions.

The teacher cried out loudly.

"I want a finger in my arse, please Lisa..."

Lisa laughed to herself. She wasn't about to do everything...

Miss Baker groaned loudly and deeply: a sudden burst of wetness came from inside her - Lisa could feel it running down her neck. Surely the woman must be cumming now...

"I'm still cumming..."

The teacher caught her breath, the waves of pleasure running though her belly, her cunt, her arms and her legs.

"Why won't it stop....?"

And then with a final gasp, the teacher suddenly went limp and she collapsed back against the wood.

Lisa stood up, wiping the older woman's juice from her mouth. She picked up her school uniform, hurrying to get dressed. Outside the door, the school bell was ringing for the end of the day. Lisa left her wet knickers on the floor, she didn't want to put them back on.
