 Catherine Baker stepped out of the warmth of the restaurant and started walking down the rain-swept streets towards her flat. She felt a pang of self-pity at the thought of the cold streets, and distinctly unhappy that her girlfriend had been called away during their meal. She tried to shrug the feeling off: vets often had to be on-call, but why did Rachel seem to take such a delight in answering the phone these days?

A group of kids were hanging around by the entrance to her flat. Miss Baker pursed her lips: no doubt they were having a cigarette in the shelter. She'd soon tell them where to get off.

"Hi you, come away from there!"

The small group started nervously, looking towards her.

"It's too late to be hanging around here, haven't you got homes to go to?"

"Miss?"

Catherine Baker frowned. That voice was familiar.

"Is that you, Ashe? What are you doing outside my flat?"

"Yes, miss. We missed the last bus, and we don't have any money for a taxi."

"And you thought I might lend it to you, did you?"

Miss Baker reached into her handbag for her keys.

"I suppose I can do that. Come in and warm up."

The older woman climbed the stairs, her high-heeled boots tapping sharply on the bare concrete steps. She opened the flat door, letting the shivering girls into her warm flat. Helene huddled into her jumper, her slim legs in tight jeans, her feet warm in thick fleecy boots. Miranda Thomas was warmer in a short black dress, thick black rights and shiny black boots. Miss Baker rather approved of the look. Only the third girl had had the sense to wear a coat. Who was she? 

Lisa Kwo took off her hooded coat and hung it up next to the door. The teacher watched her in some consternation: she'd not been able to think about anyone else since the last time they'd met in her office, when Lisa had left her begging for more, and now here she was in her flat, wearing a turquoise dress of oriental design, a red flower tucked behind her ear and a pair of elegant tan boots. 

Miss Baker's mouth felt dry.

"You look very smart, Lisa. Have you been out somewhere posh?"

The Japanese schoolgirl flushed slightly and looked at the floor.

"Yes miss."

"You look frozen, let me light the fire and you can warm up."

Catherine knelt down in front of the gas fire, the flame igniting with a welcoming roar. She stared at the blue flames for a moment before getting to her feet, a mixture of emotions bubbling inside her.

"Miranda, Helene. Would you make some tea and toast please? I'm sure you all need to get some warmth back inside you."

The older woman crossed the room and sat down in one of her cream leather sofas. She watched the Japanese teenager warming herself in front of the fire. Lisa was lifting her tight embroidered dress above her boots, letting the warm air drift up her thighs. The fabric was tightened across her bum: Miss Baker was mesmerized by her firm buttocks, her almost boyish figure. She closed her eyes and inhaled sharply. The thought of being able to go to bed with the teenager was intoxicating: had she ever wanted anyone so badly? The woman's body was tingling with desire.

Lisa turned around to face her teacher, still gripping the bottom of her dress. Their eyes met: deliberately Lisa raised her hands, the silky dress sliding up her coffee-coloured thighs, exposing the edge of her tight cotton underwear. 

Catherine could hardly tear her eyes away: she imagined running her fingers between those slim legs, finding the warmth, releasing the teenager's pussy from its haven...

"Shall I put it on the table, miss?"

Helene came in, carrying a tray of cups and saucers.

Miss Baker didn't take her eyes from Lisa.

"Yes, by all means. Wherever you like."

Lisa spoke for the first time.

"I'll just have tea, on the sofa, if that's OK?"

"Of course it is, Lisa," croaked the teacher.

Helene and Miranda sat at the dining table, their backs towards the woman and her pupil. Miss Baker held her tea nervously, acutely aware of the girl beside her, their thighs touching. Lisa was half-facing her, letting her legs cross over her teachers, looking intently at her face. Catherine turned away, studying the fire.

The first touch was electric: the older woman was sure that she gasped audibly, but the other two girls in the room didn't move. Lisa's hand was on her leg, her fingers, tracing their way up the smart black trousers, deliberately pressing down, making the older woman aware of every touch. Catherine glanced at the Japanese schoolgirl, seeing a half-smile play across her red lips, a devil-may-care expression in her deep, brown eyes.

The finger stopped for a moment, then traced the crease of material at the teacher's crotch, sliding down between her legs. Catherine bit her lip and parted her legs involuntarily, knowing what effect the girl's touch was having on her body.

"Mind if we smoke?"

Miranda waved a packet of cigarettes at Lisa. 

The teacher caught her breath.

"On the balcony. Through the kitchen. Watch out for the lock. Put the keys back when you've finished."

The two girls left the room. Miss Baker turned to Lisa, leaning forward, raising her arm, yearning to pull her closer. Her hand touched her soft brown hair, encouraging her to lean forward. Catherine could feel the girl's breath on her face, she needed to kiss those lips, to feel the teenager's tongue with hers. But the girl teased her, letting their noses rub.

The teacher laughed with frustration.

"Do you know what you're doing to me?"

"Why don't you tell me?"

The older woman frowned.

"Not now. But you should come back, maybe stay over...?"

Then Catherine shuddered with pleasure: the girl's hand was on her again, rubbing her legs, sliding up towards the waistband of her trousers, exploring the skin beneath her blouse. She closed her eyes, breathless in anticipation, leaning back against the cushions. Lisa's hands were fiddling with the button on her trousers, the relief when it popped open was tangible. Miss Baker wriggled on the sofa as she felt the schoolgirl's fingers stroking the skin above her knickers.

"No, don't, please don't."

The words were a whisper from her lips. The girl was now easing the zip down, the fluttering pressure on the teacher's pubic mound was almost overwhelming.

"Please, please," the older woman moaned, feeling the teenager's fingers pressing down on her lacy underwear, tantalizingly close to her throbbing clitoris. 

Lisa lent forward, letting her hand slide down inside the teacher's trousers, pushing firmly against the woman's warm pussy, feeling the heat and the moisture beneath her knickers. 

"You want me now."

Catherine groaned, "you mustn't, you mustn't, they'll come back in, I can't let them see me like this..."

"Nothing we haven't seen before."

The teacher sat bolt upright on the sofa, fumbling with her trousers, trying to pull them up over her thighs. 

Miranda smirked.

"Don't stop now. We were just saying we fancied hanging around for a bit."

Miranda sat down in the sofa opposite. Helene lay down on her lap, her blonde tresses falling over her girlfriend's legs.

"I think Miss Baker feels uncomfortable, Miranda, would you like to make her feel more at ease?"

Miranda grinned, leaning across Helene, undoing the heavy leather belt on her jeans. With a practised action, she plucked open the girl's trousers and pushed them a little way off her hips. She studied her girlfriend.

"No knickers, on a day like today? You dirty little girl!"

Helene wriggled happily.

"Just touch me, I need warming up."

Miranda moistened her fingers with her mouth, and slid them down over Helene's smooth pussy, before tasting them.

"You don't need warming up, you're good to go!"

The two girls laughed. Helene took Miranda's hand and licked her fingers.

"I taste nice, don't I?"

Miranda smiled.

"You taste like sexy honey. I expect Miss Baker will want to taste you later, but right now I think she needs Lisa's mouth on her."

Catherine looked at Lisa, a half-smile on her face.

"Miranda's right. I need your mouth -- that mouth -- on my pussy, right now!"

"Is that an order miss?"

"Yes, Miss Kwo. I order you to lick me, nibble me, suck me and drink me down!"

Lisa looked coy.

"Yes miss."

The Japanese teenager slid to the floor in front of her teacher. Looking up at her from beneath her brown fringe, she carefully pulled the older woman's boots off. Lisa reached forward, gripping Catherine's trousers, pulling them down from her hips. For a moment, the teacher worried: had she shaved her legs that morning? But she needn't have worried, her legs were as smooth as ever.

Lisa tossed her jeans and socks to one side.

"You have to take my knickers off, girl," said the teacher, as sternly as she could manage.

"Top first, miss."

Miss Baker pulled her jumper over her head and laid it carefully on the back of the sofa. She was glad she'd chosen to wear matching underwear -- although why it mattered so much, she couldn't tell. Now she was wearing only her black lingerie and she leant forward to loosen her bra. Lisa met her, letting their noses rub: then their mouths met. 

The teenager tasted slightly spicy, the hint of a meal still on her lips. Catherine couldn't kiss her enough: she wanted to consume that eighteen-year-old body, devour every inch of her taut young flesh, taste every part of her, she wanted to hold her close while they orgasmed together. Their tongues meeting was only the start. 

The schoolgirl's hands were on her knickers, pulling them down over her thighs as they kissed. The teacher was naked, abandoned; her body on fire with desire.

"Lie back."

Lisa pushed the woman back, leaning across her body, tasting her neck, kissing her shoulders, moving with agonizing slowness towards the teacher's painfully erect nipples. The Japanese schoolgirl kissed around them, sucking the flesh gently into her mouth, her deep brown eyes never leaving Miss Baker's face.

"Bite me."

The teacher could bear it no longer, but Lisa's tongue just gently flicked along the length of her nipple. The sensation was impossibly soft, Catherine felt the sudden warmth and then coolness of that delicate pink tongue. Then, with a sudden smile, Lisa opened her mouth and drew the teacher's nipple into her mouth, biting it with her small white teeth.

"Oh god," the older woman moaned, aware of the growing wetness between her legs. Would the schoolgirl ever give her relief?

She looked down, holding the Japanese girl's hair in her hand, careful not to disturb the artfully arranged rose pinned to her hair. Lisa was an intensely beautiful girl: her skin a perfect tone of cafe-au-lait - her firm, boyish body -- and those penetrating, chestnut eyes that Miss Baker obsessed over.

"Eat my pussy," she said, trying to keep her mind focussed. Behind Lisa, on the other sofa, Helene and Miranda were half-naked, kissing passionately and touching each other.

Lisa let the nipple fall from her mouth.

"Yes miss. Would you like to cum fast, or slow?"

Oh, how Miss Baker wanted to cum fast, the pleasure was running inside her belly, along her thighs. Her clitoris was throbbing, her pussy wet and aching.

"Slow."

The teacher could barely believe what she'd said. She wanted to scream "fast! Fast! Now!", but all she could do was to grip the sofa, part her legs and wait for the delicious sensations to come.

Lisa kissed the older woman's creamy skin, from breast to breast, and then down the centre of her belly. Kissing and and licking, nuzzling the velvety skin with her face, never letting her gaze break from Miss Baker's clear blue eyes. 

She paused when she reached the older woman's hips, feeling the short dark pubic hairs on her chin. Lisa extended her small pink tongue again, experimentally licking the exposed skin. Catherine stared down, watching her lick her pubic mound. The girl was smiled, she was enjoying it. The teacher reached down, stroking her hair, lifting Lisa's fringe. She wanted to be looking into those eyes when she orgasmed, she wanted the Japanese schoolgirl to see what the pleasure meant.

"I'm very wet," she whispered, "I think you should lick me clean."

Lisa's eyes widened with excitement. She was on her hands and knees in front of the teacher now. Miss Baker parted her legs further, hooking her feet up on the edge of the sofa, pulling on her thighs, exposing herself as much as possible to the eighteen-year-old's mouth.

The teenager slid down, her tongue exploring the creases at the top of Miss Baker's legs, savouring the smears of pussy juice that made the skin glisten. The older woman's lips were parted wetly, her clitoris swollen, anticipating the girl's tongue.

Lisa tilted her head sideways, licking the crease between the older woman's buttocks, pushing hard with her tongue, finding the bottom of her opening, sliding her tongue inside as deep as possible, fucking the lesbian teacher with her tongue. The wetness was incredible: as soon as the teenager had opened the woman's cunt with her lips, her mouth was filled with pussy juice. Lisa swallowed it down, then pushed her tongue inside the woman again, her face tight up against Miss Baker's pussy, covering the schoolgirl's face with desperate excitement.

Lisa pulled back, finding the woman's cunt lips with her mouth, sucking them in.

Their eyes met again. Catherine held the girl's head again, gazing into her eyes, feeling the teenager pulling her pussy lips deeper into her mouth, the girl's face glistening with the teacher's juice.

"I'm ready now, Lisa, make it quick."

The girl nodded: Miss Baker could feel the gentle tugging on her lips. Then the schoolgirl dipped her head, and licked firmly and directly, parting the woman's pussy with her mouth, then finding the firmly erect clitoris, swirling around, pushing down hard, then sucking it up between her lips.

Catherine forced herself to keep her eyes open, made herself look directly into the Japanese schoolgirl's deep brown eyes. She was going to cum, she was going to cum quickly, she wanted -- she needed -- to keep that vision in her mind.

"Make me cum now, Lisa, right now."

The words didn't need to be said: an orgasm was travelling through the woman's body like lightning, shafts of pleasure piercing her, meeting at her pussy, meeting at her clit, her clitoris inside the teenager's mouth... The schoolgirl held it firmly between her lips, sucking and tugging, her tongue flicking against its end in a blur.

Miss Baker's hands were gripping the girl, holding her in place, her bum shaking with the climax.

"Now, now, now... I'm cumming, I'm cumming, I'm cumming now..."

Even as she screamed with pleasure, Miss Baker stared into the Japanese teenager's eyes, unable to control the volume of her voice.

"Lick my pussy! Lick me! Make me cum! Now....!!!"

Lisa's mouth was wide open now, consuming, devouring every portion of the older woman's cunt. Her mouth filled with wetness, over and over again, and still her tongue was like fire on her Catherine's orgasming clitoris.

At last, the teacher collapsed against the sofa: panting, exhausted, throbbing. She left her hand on Lisa Kwo's neck, feeling the schoolgirl continuing to lick her, cleaning her, savouring every drop of the woman's pussy juice. Miss Baker closed her eyes, breathless. She felt the Japanese schoolgirl turned around, leaning against her, her soft hair on her thighs, the flower in her hair grazing her skin.

"Have you seen what they're doing miss?"

Lisa's voice had a note of disapproval.

"I think they're very naughty!"

Catherine Baker opened her eyes. Helene and Miranda were naked now, their clothes spread around the floor. For a moment, she couldn't tell who was who, they were closely entwined in a passionate sixty-nine on the rug between sofas.

"Sit up here."

The teacher encouraged her pupil to sit between her legs. Lisa's blue-green dress felt coarse against the older woman's skin. Catherine tugged it up over Lisa's legs, letting her hands fall onto the teenager's slim thighs.

The schoolgirl lent back, feeling the woman exploring her body, her hands roaming freely over her boyish waist, feeling the edge of her underwear.

Miss Baker kissed the girl's neck.

"You shouldn't have these on. Time to take them off, I think."

The woman gripped the girl's tight, peach-coloured panties and pulled the waistband with both hands. There was a moment's resistance, then the material ripped apart.

"Miss!"

"I'll buy you some more. Now shut up."

Catherine pulled the ripped knickers apart, feeling the small patch of dark pubic hair beneath her fingertips. The girl was deliciously soft, and the teacher felt her wriggle against her as she slid a finger between her pussy lips, penetrating her up to the knuckle. The teenager's pussy was tight and warm and wet and welcoming.

"I hope I taste nice, miss".

The teacher pulled her hand away. Lisa turned her head to face her, their eyes meeting. Catherine lifted her hand to the girl's mouth, wiping her lips with her wet fingertip, then licking Lisa's mouth with her tongue.

"I think we taste nice mixed."

"Yes miss."

Lisa opened her mouth, letting Miss Baker's finger in, sucking her pussy juice off.

"We should watch them."

Lisa giggled, showing her white teeth.

"We should join in!"

The suggestion made the teacher laugh nervously.

"Join in?"

"Yes miss."

Helene and Miranda fell apart. The blonde girl struggled to sit up. She looked flushed, her blonde hair sticking to her wet face.

"Shall we, Miranda? What do you say?"

Miranda looked comparatively cool.

"Hmm," she said, "there's plenty of room. Baggsy the teacher!"

Helene rolled her eyes dramatically.

"Eating or being eaten?"

Miranda pouted.

"Eating. And I want Lisa to eat me."

Helene nodded thoughtfully.

"So I'll carry on with you?"

Miranda kissed her girlfriend firmly.

"Don't you ever stop."

"And then Miss Baker can do me?"

Helene and Miranda looked up at the Lisa and the teacher.

"I think so, I think she'll rather enjoy that. Helene's got a truly beautiful pussy, miss. Completely smooth, and she tastes perfect."

Catherine Baker felt slightly lost.

"So, let me follow this, I'm eating Helene, who's eating you. You get Lisa's pussy, and Lisa's eating...?"

Helene rolled her eyes.

"Doh, miss. I'm eating Lisa and Lisa's going to go down on her, I'll have your mouth on me, and Miranda is going to make you cum."

"Oh, well that does seem perfectly clear," the teacher spoke as if organizing a class. "How do we start?"

The girls looked around the rug. 

"I'll lie along the sofa here," said Helene. "If you lie across the end of the rug, and pop your leg up on the sofa, then Miranda can be opposite me. And then Lisa can do the same as you, and we're all sorted?"

"Right," said the older woman. "Well, this seems all very new to me, but never let it be said I wasn't up for a challenge."

"And there's a prize," said Miranda, "if we all cum together, there's a prize. And the last one gets a booby prize."

"What?"

The teenager shrugged her shoulders. 

"Well there is in school. Maybe the loser makes breakfast for the others."

Catherine Baker shook her head laughing.

"That's hardly fair, Lisa's just made me cum, of course I'll be last."

Miranda grinned cheekily.

"Can't help that, miss, rules is rules!"

Helene lay down with her back on the sofa. Lisa stripped off her dress and folded it over the back. Her eyes caught the older woman's. She mouthed "later?", and lay down on the edge of the rug, hooking her leg over the sofa arm, wriggling into position, with Helene's head lying on her inner thigh.

"I'm good," said the blonde, "Miranda, you're next."

The brunette lay down next to the opposite sofa, facing into the circle, casually opening her legs.
