 Nina: Shall I do the introduction, or do you want to do it?

Samantha: Go ahead, little rabbit.

Samantha: And do it well. The hairbrush is waiting.

Nina: I'll be good.

Nina: Hello readers!

Samantha: Yes, hello again.

Nina: It's been months and months and months, now, since Mittens came out.

Samantha: You shouldn't remind them of that.

Nina: Ow

Nina: Sorry, Mistress.

Samantha: Maybe I should explain - so that nobody thinks that this is just a copy-paste of someone's chat session - that what you're reading now follows from "Mittens," available right here at Literotica, and in e-book form too.

Samantha: You don't have to have read Mittens to enjoy Shrodinger's Mittens, but you'll enjoy it much more if you go and read Mittens first.

Samantha: Also, if you read to the end of Mittens, it'll explain why Nina actually types out the word "Ow" when I spank her with this hairbrush.

Nina: Ow!

Nina: Anyway! We're working on the next part of our story, which we're calling "High Voltage Mittens."

Samantha: And it's nearly finished! As we're typing this, we're almost ready for editing.

Nina: :D

Nina: But about halfway through writing it, we were reading through it and we both went "Hey. We're missing a bit!"

Samantha: Missing a lot, really.

Nina: High-Voltage Mittens is set a little while down the line, when we're experimenting with harder stuff. Hence the title.

Samantha: There are a lot of firsts in between "Please kiss me" and "Please energize my nipples."

Nina: The first 69!

Samantha: The first holding of hands!

Nina: The first finger-in-butthole scenario!

Samantha: The first good-morning kiss!

Nina: Our examples are kinda different here Sam

Samantha: I know, love. Wide audience appeal and so forth.

Nina: So we decided to write a mini-sequel, that goes between Mittens and its first proper sequel, High Voltage Mittens, because we couldn't bring ourselves to leave those parts out.

Nina: Kind of like a movie, then an episode of something, then another movie.

Nina: Are you sure we can do that, Sam?

Samantha: I guess we'll find out.

Nina: Well-observed, Mistress.

Samantha: This story begins immediately after Mittens. Have fun, and don't forget to comment, rate and review!

Samantha: Or I'll come and find you with my hairbrush.

Samantha: Happy reading!

***

Nina woke from a pleasant dream into a beautiful reality.

She lay with her face nestled in Samantha's armpit. Samantha was there, warm and real, dozing in sunlight, her right arm resting against Nina's back.

I would distrust this, thought Nina. It's too beautiful. I'm too happy. I would think this is just another cruel and wonderful dream.

Nina's lips curled into a smile.

Except that when I dream about Sam, she doesn't snore like a rusty tractor.

She snuggled into Samantha's chest and sighed happily, feeling the rise and fall in time with guttural snores that threatened to rattle the windows.

She's so beautiful.

Samantha's eyes flicked back and forth behind the lids.

What is she dreaming about?

Samantha's nipples were erect.

Sex?

Quantum mechanics?

Either of those could cause a reaction like that.

Nina watched Samantha's chest until it became obvious that she was not going to be able to resist edging closer, opening her mouth, slowly lowering her lips to Samantha's right nipple, feeling its firm point slide wetly underneath her tongue, hearing the snores stop, sucking gently, looking up into Samantha's eyes, grinning, and saying "Hi."

"Um... Hi," said Samantha, sounding confused.

Nina watched Samantha's face as she went through a sort of mental boot-up - first a confused frown, then surprise - that strange, rare, someone is sucking on my nipple kind of surprise - then the same this-is-not-a-dream delight that Nina felt just moments before.

"You're in my bed," said Samantha, eyes wide in unfocused joy, left hand reaching automatically to her nightstand for her glasses, which were on her dresser across the room.

"And I'm naked," giggled Nina, wriggling upwards on top of Samantha to kiss her.

The ferocity of the kiss took Nina by surprise. Samantha's eyes closed as Nina's widened, and she pressed a forceful, hungry, desperate kiss onto Nina's lips. Nina felt a hand pressing on the back of her head, another tightly squeezing her left buttock. The intensity peaked before Samantha seemed to relax, the loving, needing assault melting into a warm, soft, slow "Good morning" kiss.

Like she just realized that she's not dreaming, thought Nina as Samantha's hands began to slowly stroke up and down her back, her bottom, her thighs. That I'm not going to disappear, or pop like a soap bubble, and so now she can take her time.

She kissed me like we had five seconds to live.

Samantha half-opened her eyes.

"Hi," she said, a low, breathy whisper that started a warm glow in Nina's belly, and sent it downwards.

"Hi," repeated Nina, grinning.

"Now we've both slept on it," murmured Samantha, stroking Nina's right buttock, "I'm just going to come right out and ask it."

Nina nodded. "Go for it."

"You my girlfriend?"

Nina felt her smile spread wider. She looked into Samantha's eyes. "Yes," she said, and was not entirely surprised to find herself giggling. "And your little rabbit, too."

She felt Samantha's grip tighten on her bottom. She squirmed.

"Are you my girlfriend?" she asked, kissing Samantha on the nose.

"Yup," sighed Samantha happily. "Girlfriend, lover, predator, friend and mistress, and anything else you want to throw in there too. Where are my glasses, by the way?"

"Over on the dresser," said Nina, "where you left them, just before that delightful striptease."

"I need them," said Samantha. "I want to look at you. Let me up?"

Nina rolled sideways and sat up. "Sure. I have to pee anyways." She felt soft carpet beneath her feet and stood up, legs a little unsteady. She ran her tongue around her teeth. "And maybe borrow some of your mouthwash. How long were we asleep?"

Samantha peered close to her bedside clock. "How long were we having sex?"

Nina grinned, her hand on the ensuite's doorknob. "What time did we start?"

"You knocked on my door around two. It's just gone five, now."

"Long enough to make my mouth taste funny, anyway." said Nina, opening the door.

"You can use my toothbrush if you want," called Samantha.

Nina hesitated mid-step.

Why on Earth does that feel like such a big deal, coming from lips that were kissing between my legs an hour ago?

"I will," said Nina, softly, and pulled the door not-quite-closed behind her.

***

Samantha watched Nina disappear into the bathroom, her eyes drifting down to the spherical blurs of Nina's buttocks.

Without giving it any conscious attention, she pushed her glasses further up her nose before noticing she wasn't wearing them.

Gonna have to put my specs on. Wanna watch that butt.

She sniffed.

My fingers smell funny.

She sniffed some more, feeling a warm glow in her belly.

Of course my fingers smell funny, they were inside Nina.

She licked her fingertips.

I could...

She felt a blush rising. I could order her in here and tell her to lie back and spread her legs and give me another taste.

She grinned. And she'd obey.

Samantha rolled her legs off the bed and stood up. She padded over to her dresser, picked up her glasses, blinked her world into a higher resolution, and laid back down on the bed.

She watched the door. She heard a flush.

Nina is in there.

She felt a warm stirring in her loins.

Nina is naked in there.

Samantha's hand crept down her belly.

Should I...?

She felt freshly-trimmed pubic hair against her fingers, heard water running through the door.

But what if she...

Samantha sighed, low and soft, barely more than a whisper, as her right index fingertip slid over her clitoris and between her still-slick labia.

What if she does come out, while I'm... doing this?

Samantha's left hand found itself cupping the soft warmth of her breast. She stroked a finger across her nipple, feeling it come to life, harden and perk up beneath her touch, as a brushing sound came from the next room.

What if she does? What will she see?

"She'll see me..." whispered Samantha, feeling her labia pulse around her fingers. "She'll..."

She'll see me touching myself, and know that I'm thinking of her, and know that I'm excited because she's watching me...

Samantha swallowed, tugging gently on her left nipple. Since when am I an exhibitionist?

Oh. Since Nina got so hot watching me undress.

That was fast...

Samantha dipped shallowly into her vagina, feeling the ring of hot muscle twitch wetly around her fingertip.

So, thought Samantha, grinning and stroking herself, it looks like I'm masturbating. Funny how that happened.

Will I continue when she comes out?

Will I let her see me doing this?

She slid her index finger into herself, to the third knuckle, and began to slowly curl it upwards and push in little rhythmic squelches.

When she comes out, will I make her stand there and watch me? Will I have her masturbate with me? Will I invite her to touch me?

Samantha felt her ears start to burn.

Should I chicken out, and stop touching myself before she comes out, or will I give her a show? Can I do that?

She heard the water stop.

This is it, Sam. Decision time. You've still got a second or two before that door opens, just pull your fingers out and wipe them quick on the sheet and try to look like you weren't just...

The knob turned, and Samantha's stomach leapt into her mouth, a tingling surge from her clitoris, her nipples suddenly electrified.

Oh. I'm doing this. Oh God, I'm actually doing this...

***

Nina opened the door. Samantha lay side-on to her on the bed, her right hand between her legs and moving in a rhythmic squelching, her left squeezing at her chest.

Nina swallowed.

Samantha was looking at her with unsuppressed lust.

With her glasses on, thought Nina. So she can watch me watching her.

"Um..." said Nina.

"Aah," moaned Samantha, low and breathy and indulgent.

Well, that's all you really need to say, isn't it?

"Come watch," whispered Samantha. "Come around, little rabbit, so you can see." Nina watched Samantha's fingertips slide over her left nipple. "I give you permission."

Nina felt a blush rise to the tips of her ears. She padded around the bed, bare feet on soft carpet, and stood naked in front of her friend.

Her friend who was openly masturbating right in front of her.

So why am I still looking her in the eye...

"Watch me," breathed Samantha. Her breasts - I'm still surprised they're so ample, so soft against a hard body - shook gently with her ragged breathing, her nipples erect and yearning. Nina followed the curves of her body over her tensing abdominals, the shallow navel that Nina had tasted earlier that day, the hastily-trimmed triangle of dark brown pubic hair...

I didn't see, before. I just touched, and loved.

The index finger of Samantha's right hand was gently massaging a point just above her clitoral hood. Samantha's inner labia protruded, light and wet and shining, slightly textured - at the moment they described a narrow heart shape, tapered towards Samantha's vagina. They moved with her finger, shifting left and right, the heart shape elongating and compressing, petals blooming and closing. As Nina watched, a droplet of Samantha's wetness trickled from her insides and ran between her buttocks.

Nina swallowed.

She's beautiful.

An image came to her - of her lips gently pressed against one of Samantha's labia, her nose compressed in the hot, fragrant fold between her thigh and her crotch, stroking her tongue over however much of Samantha she could suck into her mouth...

"You're beautiful, Sam."

Samantha grinned. "Thank you."

Nina grinned back. "I'm watching, mistress."

Samantha nodded, looking - for a brief moment - a little unsure of herself. Then, her finger descended into the heart's tail, enveloped by her labia, and there was a tiny slick sound. Samantha sighed - happily, lustfully.

Yes, I'm watching. Damn right, I'm watching.

Nina watched Samantha's fingertip disappear into her vagina, all the way up - and then watched it slip out again, a string of pale fluid descending in a glistening arc.

"You're so wet," breathed Nina. It felt indulgent.

"I'm wet because - ah! - because you're watching me," said Samantha.

An impish half-grin spread across Nina's lips. She spoke quietly, innocently. "Watching you what, Sam?"

Samantha's ears turned bright red. She opened her mouth - closed it again - looked at Nina, whispered. "I'm wet because you're watching me masturbate."

"Don't stop," said Nina, smiling. She sat down on the edge of the bed, between Samantha's open legs. "Make yourself come for me."

"Okay..." whispered Samantha, her eyes closing, her other hand descending. Nina watched the way her breasts came together and trembled between her arms, her nipples pointing towards the ceiling, aching to be touched. Samantha slid two fingers of her left hand inside herself, massaging her clitoris with her right hand.

Nina watched the fingers shine in the afternoon sun. Samantha raised her left leg, and rearranged herself so that the fingers of her left hand penetrated her vagina from behind, pushing outwards towards her bellybutton. She let out soft, quiet moans that began to increase in volume and duration.

Nina looked down on her and smiled, and ran her hand along Samantha's inner thighs. "Come for me, Sam. I want to watch."

"Ah," said Samantha, quietly this time, then "Ah!"

She's shaking, thought Nina.

Samantha caught Nina's eye, and slowed down.

Is she shy?

"It's okay, keep going," said Nina. "Don't be shy. I love you. I want to see this."

"It's not that," whispered Samantha.

Nina cocked her head to the side. "What, then?"

Samantha's fingers moved slowly inside her vagina now, a quiet squelching underscoring her words. She blushed. "Well... You know about the observer effect?"

Nina kissed Samantha's knee. "Mmm-hmm?" Is this Sam's idea of sexy talk?

"How if you observe something," moaned Samantha, "you change it?"

Nina nodded. "You've told me about it." At length. The voltage drops when you connect a voltmeter. The pressure in the pipes increases when you put in something to measure the pressure. You observe it, you change it, so nothing's ever quite certain.

Samantha moved her legs - her thighs closed on her right hand. "I love you," she whispered, closing her eyes. Then she turned to her side, hiding her crotch from Nina.

She began to writhe, her hips bucking, one knee raised. Nina watched the curves of her behind shift as Samantha wriggled, her moans replaced with a noisy, heavy breathing.

What's she...

Nina stared. Samantha gripped her fingers with her thighs, swayed her hips against them.

Oh.

Nina watched Samantha's left hand cup her buttock, her index finger sliding forwards.

Oh!

Samantha shook, and gave a little high-pitched whine.

She's...

Nina watched the middle finger of Samantha's left hand gently press between her buttocks.

Oh my God!

"Ah!" A tiny sound, barely more than a whimper, one finger inside herself, two at her clitoris, one delicately pressing behind.

Nina's breath caught in her throat.

This is how she actually masturbates!

Samantha writhed on the bed, her eyes screwed shut, her lips pressed together, her right hand moving as quickly and furiously as it could between her thighs.

She was putting on a titilating performance, before - now it's not just a show, it's real. She's letting me see how she really does this...

Nina heard a sound as she watched the very tip of Samantha's finger push a millimeter or so into her bottom - she realised that she'd just heard herself gasping.

She's showing me something true...

Samantha's face was reddened, her mouth opening and letting out quiet little squeaks...

She's showing me something intimate, something she'd only show to someone she trusted completely...

Samantha's eyebrows raised, her eyes still closed, and she began to tremble all over...

She's letting me watch, by not letting me watch, and I so badly want to touch her, to say "Come for me," to let her know that I'm loving this, but if I do, then it'll change it and it won't be the truth anymore...

Samantha convulsed. A quick, broken cry left her lips. She shuddered, twice or thrice, and was still.

Nina held her breath.

Samantha opened her eyes, and looked at Nina. She was blushing, her breath ragged. She swallowed, blinked. "Um..."

"Wow," whispered Nina.

"Well, it's like that," murmured Samantha, looking down - "but in my pajamas." She looked towards the ceiling. "Usually."

"That was so..." Nina searched for words. "Real."

Samantha nodded, lowering her thigh, removing wet fingers. "Uh... I've never shown anyone that, before."

Nina's heart pounded. "I feel privileged. Thank you, Sam."

Samantha smiled. It was a shy little smile. "Wanna come collapse my waveform?"

"Um?"

Samantha grinned. "By which I mean c'mere and fuck me."

"Oh, that." Nina laughed, said "Fuck yeah!" and pounced.

***

Samantha caught Nina with a light, breathy laugh, and pressed her lips to Nina's. She felt her glasses shift around on her nose as Nina's tongue pushed into her mouth, around her teeth, soft and hot and slithering over her own tongue.

Samantha wanted to say a lot of things. Things like "I love you," and "Please fuck me," and "I want you," and "Lick my cunt," and "This is joy," and "How the hell can three monosyllabic words express how I'm feeling right now," but she had to settle for whatever she could express with a mouth full of someone else's tongue, which turned out to be "Mmph."

"Mmm-hmm," replied Nina, tickling vibrations in Sam's mouth.

What would that feel like on my pussy?

Samantha noticed that her hands had automatically found their way to the smooth, soft skin of Nina's bottom. She squeezed, tightly - heard and felt a tiny "Umph!" from Nina - and ran her right hand up behind Nina's head and through her hair.

The hair that smells of love.

Nina pulled back, opened her eyes.

"Sam?"

Samantha stroked her left hand over Nina's right buttock - felt its supple resistance. "Yes, love?"

Yes, love. Already, that feels natural.

Nina kissed Samantha's nose. "Can I taste you?"

Samantha felt a warm thrill rush up her spine. Suddenly she looked downwards.

Yes but no but yes I want you to taste me but oh my god what about my bits they're all flappy and weird and Nina's cooch looks like an oil painting oh god oh god oh god

"Sam?" said Nina, her tone changed. "You okay?"

Samantha nodded, looking Nina in the eye. "Yeah."

"You can say no, Sam. Or, like, 'Not yet' or whatever. I won't be offended."

Samantha stroked Nina's hair. "I want you to," she said, quietly.

Nina rubbed her nose against Samantha's. "But?"

"But I have crazy labia," blurted Samantha.
