 This is a scene of a story from my girlfriend and I’s book. This is a lovely scene, in our opinion, and the first physically romantic situation between our two characters. I hope you enjoy this as much as we did writing it, but please don’t enjoy it so much you’ll use it for your own use without asking. J Please e-mail me with commentary, but please don’t be too harsh. This is my first submission. J

-Maddy

~*~

Beizun wandered away from the LeRouge Estate's kitchen. She still had a smirk on her lips from her encounter with Maddy's sister, Mystique. A brazen and haughty bit of royalty, without a doubt. But Beizun didn't let it phase her. Dealing with human aristocracy was something of a game to her. All that mattered was that Mystique had told her where Maddy was. Otherwise she'd be lost wandering around the huge place all day, without a doubt.

Once she located the cellar door she sighed with relief, and listened keenly with her ears and her mind. She could feel Maddy down there without even opening the door. Glad to have found the correct sister this time, Beizun made her way down the winding square staircase. The scent of earth and darkness closed in on her; something both comforting and familiar to her. Beyond that was the scent of Maddy. She could feel her eyes dilate wide to accommodate the darkness as she finally reached the ground floor of the cellar.

Maddy stood across the room in front of a table covered in what looked to be metal tools and mud. She looked positively edible standing there in her simple garments and her hastily tied up hair, her arms and face smudged with dirt. For a moment Beizun let herself image stroking off all that dirt with a warm cloth, slowly and purposefully... She smirked again, at herself this time, collected her thoughts, and crept across the room.

Silently she sneaked up behind Maddy, slid her arms around her waist and grinning. 

"Boo!" 

Maddy jumped, giggled, then pushed her away playfully. "Hey! Stop it! You're going to get all dirty!" 

Beizun giggled in return, impulsively leaning in and kissing the tip of Maddy's nose. "Like I told your sister... Dirt doesn't bother me. Where've you been? I missed you..." She felt her gaze go warm, the way it did when she thought of Maddy now.

Maddy chuckled, reaching up and smearing a bit of mud on Beizun's cheek. "Oh gods... Mystique. I am sorry you had to run into her." She paused, then grinned, winking at Beizun. "I had inspiration this morning watching you sleep... I felt like sculpting again."

Beizun piqued an eyebrow, smiling. "Well, I'm sure it wasn't my abundant sleepware that inspired you." Wanting to reassure her about her sister, she smiled again, then added, "Your sister was alright, really..."

Maddy turned back to the table and covered the work in progress it was that was on it, chuckling. "Do you really want to know what inspired me, love?" Beizun smiled softly. She wasn't yet used to being called that again...especially not from this woman. It felt strange.

When the moment stretched on a little to long, Maddy turned towards her and smiled. "So...what did she say, hm?" 

Beizun's mind drew a blank for a moment. She'd fallen into a stare, her eyes warmly fixing on the curve of Maddy's neck and shoulder, loving the way the dim light hit it just in that right spot, loving the faint and almost invisible little hairs, the shape of her earlobe so enticing and soft. Maddy's voice broke the spell. She chuckled a little, trying to get her mind back on track. 

"Talked about how I'm your new 'concubine'..." Beizun snickered softly at that, shaking her head. "And how she lives here and all that. She's nothing like you."

"Oh gods...she actually called you that? What a whore..." Maddy shook her head slightly, snickering. "Hm...concubine. I don't think I'd actually call you that...since, you know, I'm not using you for just sex or anything." She stared at Beizun for a moment, then back down at herself. "Yes...her and I are very different. Did you get a load of that outfit? Please..."

Beizun laughed, recalling the tight leather pants. "Yes, she did. It's alright. I understand the situation... And, um...yes. I did see the outfit. That's certainly something." She suppressed a grin and just smirked, pondering those odd pants. "She wasn't rude or anything, though." Not wanting to drag on a conversation about Mystique, Beizun motioned towards the table. "So you've been sculpting all morning?"

Maddy nodded and wiped at her forehead. "Mm-hmm. I have. It has been some time since I have sat down with it. I've missed it." Leaning against the table, she sighed. "Gods I am dirty... I need a bath. Of course...what fun is sculpting without the mud?" She winked, giggling softly.

Beizun smiled goofily, raising her eyes. "Well, who knows? Have you ever tried it?" She laughed, eyeing Maddy. Little vixen. She tucked a strand of curl behind her ear quickly, looking around the dimly lit cellar. "It's nice down here...quiet. Do you always work here?"

Maddy nodded again, glancing around a bit. "Yes. I prefer it. I don't often get bothered down here. Most of the help hates to come down here...they claim it is 'spooky.'" Chuckling softly, she added, eyeing Beizun back, "And no... I've never tried it...but it does sound interesting, no?"

Beizun smirked a little, raising her eyebrow again. "Oh, yes, interesting..." Wandering a bit off to her left, she continued to explore the cellar. If anyone took notice, they'd see a bit of roundness about her middle. Other than that she looked the same, her legs in fact looked stronger. She had an odd glow at that moment, but most likely that was just from being around Maddy.

She could feel Maddy's eyes on her as she moved. Maybe it was the dress... She was wearing one of her older ones, one of the brown short dresses that clung like a second skin. Partially because she liked the way it felt and partially because she enjoyed seeing the rounding of her stomach as her pregnancy progressed. 

"So...have you decided on a name for the baby, yet?" Maddy folded her arms across her chest, smiling softly...taking notice of the roundness of her stomach. "My twins are coming home this week."

Beizun smiled, and instinctively ran a hand down over her stomach. "No, not yet. But I'm thinking about something Egyptian. I worshipped at the Temple of Isis during a stay in Egypt once. It was an enjoyable time...and all the priestesses had such lovely names." She grinned a little. "Oh, they're coming home, really? I can't wait to meet them..."

Maddy smiled. "Yes... Jacquelyn told me that they started running already..." She frowned slightly as she thought of her babies. "And there has been absolutely no sign of Gen... Big surprise, hm?" She thought a moment about Egypt. "Hm. Egypt...a place I have never visited...although I had a friend from there once..."

Beizun smiled a bit sadly at Maddy... She knew all too well what it felt like to be separated from your children. "Well, you'll be with them soon enough. And Gen doesn't deserve them, in that case." She shrugs softly. Talking about the man annoyed her more and more with each time his name was mentioned... He was worthless, in her eyes. If a male lion in her family every dared such behavior as he... Well. That was an entirely different matter, she supposed.

"Egypt is a lovely place," she quickly continued. "A little too dry for my tastes, but the river area is nice." With an inhalation of breath, she gave another tiny smile. "My pregnancy is coming along nicely."

Maddy managed a half-smile. "I am happy to hear that...although I will miss you when you leave for awhile." She looked up at Beizun, the dim light sparkling off of her emerald eyes. "So...what are your plans for today?"

Beizun laughed a little, shaking her head. "I've got to start letting out the waists on all my clothes..." She crosses her arms elegantly underneath her breasts, thinking for a moment on that question. "I don't really have any plans. I was just going to come spend time with you... Unless you have somewhere else to be." The bedroom would be a lovely place, Beizun thought absently, hiding a grin. 

"Well... I did have a meeting this afternoon...but I canceled it. For personal reasons, of course." Maddy chuckled softly. "Besides, I hate those damned meetings...and I'd rather stay dirty today."

Hmm. Beizun pondered quietly to herself.

"Oh? A meeting," she repeated quietly. "Well, it's good to take time off... No need to put any stress on yourself. Especially with things as they've been recently and all." She paused for a moment. "Actually, I was planning on going home tomorrow to see how everyone is. I should be back by dawn the next day, if I travel on all fours."

"How lovely," Maddy replied. "I have some things to do around here...so, maybe I'll have a little surprise ready for you when you get back, hm?" She smiled, turning back to her table, cleaning up her tools in the bowl of water sitting in the corner of it. "So... Mystique didn't say anything else?"

Beizun smiled and nodded. "That would be nice... Something to look forward to." She watched Maddy handle the tools absently...letting her mind ponder those slender agile little fingers, then thinking about her question. "Something about you and she being identical twins physically but not coming to terms on anything else. And...seeing why you would pick me as your 'concubine'..."

Maddy lifted both of her brows, grinning as she cleaned the tools thoroughly. "She said that? Good gods... Doesn't sound like something she would say. Perhaps she is jealous of me...again." She chuckled softly, tucking another strand of her behind her ear that fell from the ponytail. Beizun could see her lips curled around the curve of Maddy's ear, wet and warm. She shook her head again. Gods, what was getting into her this morning?

She laughed softly, leaning back against the wall beside the table, crossing her ankles and leaning her head back, her thighs shifting underneath her dress. "Perhaps... Although I'm sure she could have anyone she wanted. She seems the type."

"Yes...and she has had everyone...er..." Maddy covered her mouth as she giggled softly. "I am sorry... I shouldn't insult my own kin that way...but you know." Clearing her throat slightly, she turned back around after wrapping the tools back into their leather case.

Beizun could only smirk a little at that, propping her left foot back against the wall. "No need to apologize, really. My sister and I go back and forth like that all the time. I'm sure at the heart of it you really love each other, simply because you are sisters and share the same blood. It turns out that way sometimes even when no one can understand why. Ah, but you know all this. I hope you two can get along..."

"Oh...we will...and we do sometimes." She waved a hand, eyeing Beizun for a moment. "I am quite fond of your sister. Lovely woman indeed...it does run in the family it seems." Maddy looked at her for a moment...

Beizun noted the look but only chuckled, perking an eyebrow at Maddy. She let her thighs shift against each other again. "I suppose it does. Even with Jon. But he's getting over lost love at the moment...poor boy. Nothing seems to console him. And Zadi, she can never give herself over to it. They can't understand how I handle it most of the time; feeling so strongly in both human and lion form." Glancing up, she watched Maddy watch her, smiling warmly.

Maddy cleared her throat slightly. "Mm-hmm...well, yes. I am glad you came down here tonight...a place in this estate you've never seen. It isn't the nicest...but you know. It's private and all." Maddy furrowed her brow slightly, and Beizun realized she was rambling and had lost complete track of the conversation. Beizun held in a giggle, knowing how disarming her gaze could be. She let it happen again, tilted her head softly, a strand of curl falling across her cheek... Her eyes did that almost unconscious thing of getting warm and distant, staring without regard for rudeness, this time at Maddy. She quirked another smile and blinked slowly, her lips parted just a bit. 

"Mmm. Yes, private. And very calm. Cut off from the rest of the house." She cleared her throat. "I can see why you like it down here..."

Maddy was visibly flustered. She turned around, grabbing up the leather pouch, clearing her throat as well. "On that note...upstairs is where the bath is...and well... I need to get all of this clay off of me before it dries me out..." Her face was flushed an attractive scarlet.

Oh, don't show weakness, darling. Beizun grinned inwardly. That only sparked the flame, started the chase. The tiniest bit of vulnerability mixed with desire always flicked the predator switch inside her. She hid her grin effectively, though, and felt a giggle build up in her chest. Pushing off the wall she stood normally, brushing some wall dust from the back of her dress and making to follow Maddy. "Sure. I'll just stay in your room and wait for you to finish."

Maddy shot a look back at Beizun, lifting a brow. "Oh? You weren't going to help me get this wretched mess off, hm?" She grinned, stepping toward the winding staircase, pouch of tools in hand. 

Beizun snickered mentally. Good girl, she thought. Something inside her shifted, changed, the way it always did when the mood shifted to something more sensual. It was like liquid in her veins, almost. A delightful feeling of fullness and power overcame her. 

Still, coyness was the name of the game. She raised both eyebrows, following Maddy. Finally she cracked a wide, goofy grin and began to giggle. "You never said you needed help... Ask and receive, darling, ask and receive."

Maddy winked, and began making her way up the stares. "Oh, then... I am asking."

Beizun hid her expression. She was following Maddy but surely was already in the lead position already. As they found their way back to Maddy's bedroom, Beizun watched the curve of Maddy's hips and the sway of her ponytail. Excitement bubbled up in her, soft and slow. There was nothing in life more intoxicating than desire, she was sure of it.

Once inside the room, Maddy turned to look at her. "You know... I just thought you'd want to come up here with me. I hadn't seen you all day, and everything." Reaching up, she pulled the tie out of her hair, letting it fall...a few small pieces of clay here and there.

Beizun was beyond making idle conversation, but she forced some tone of normalcy. She grinned softly, running her hand along the edge of the door before letting it close with a soft click behind her, leaning back against it and giving another smile, the candlelight immediately illuminating the smaller strands of her hair and lighting her eyes as it always did. The extra bit of roundness in her figure added a softer, gentler look to her than usual. She pursed her lips lightly, watching Maddy move with a close eye...a stare impossible to avoid. "Well...you thought correctly on that, Madelyn." The bits of dirt and dried clay only made Maddy more appealing in the dim, flickering light. 

Maddy grinned slightly, her brows lifting. "I am happy I thought correctly, then..." She smiled softly, moving over to Beizun smoothly, wrapping an arm around her waist. "I also assume you'd enjoy a nice bath as well?"

Deciding the line was crossed and the time was ripe for it, Beizun felt herself sink entirely into the situation, the predatory gleam in her eye shifting with the emotions and desires inside to form an arresting stare; one that penetrated anything it fixed on.

She smiled cutely, sliding her hands up along Maddy's upper arms, teasing the ends of her hair with her fingertips and gently pulling her close. A spark of hunger lit her eyes for just a moment as she curled her knuckles against the soft skin of Maddy's collarbone before gazing up at her, her heart-shaped mouth framing one husky word perfectly: "Always..."

The change in Beizun was as plain as day, her entire demeanor, her voice. 

"Good...because I already had Garren run the bath for us." Maddy smiled softly, looking into Beizun's eyes...leaning down and brushing her nose against hers. Reaching up, she grabbed Beizun's hands and held them tightly within her own.

Beizun saw all this as play. She giggled inside, eyeing Maddy. "Oh, but those hands were busy...!" she thought to herself.

She simply smiled and let her gaze wander over towards the bathroom door, lacing her fingers against Maddy's. She began to lead Maddy towards the bathroom, casting her a glance over her shoulder...eyebrows piqued. "Oh? Did you...?" she queried softly. She pushed open the bathroom door, already feeling the change in air temperature. She grinned softly around the room...flashes of memory filling her head for a moment. "I must admit... I like it better now than when I was alone the other day..."

"I am glad..." Maddy said quietly, obviously a little nervous. "It is a lovely room. Do you have a bathroom like this one?" She followed Beizun into the bathroom, watching her walk from behind. "I hope this wasn't too forward..."

Beizun could almost laugh at that. Too forward? And why in the name of the gods was Maddy still talking? Her eyes ran over Maddy's body, loving the curves with her eyes, the gentle flare of her eyelashes and the bit of red tainting her cheeks.

She could only shake her head slowly. Taking a moment to circle the edge of the bath, the steam heating her cheeks, she leaned over and trailed a fingertip through the water. She then ran a hand through her hair, still crouching slightly, and pushed it back over her shoulders. She allowed her eyes to wander over Maddy again, envisioning those tank top straps falling off her shoulders, the band of those pants sliding past her hips, all mixed in with some quivering and whimpering and other such deliciousness.

She stood fully again, leaning one knee up on the edge of the bath...the hem of her dress falling back a bit. "Nothing is too forward, love... And yes, mine is quite similar. Why don't you come here?" Here kitty kitty... Inwardly she grinned.

Maddy let out a soft breath, moving over to Beizun slowly...her hips swaying slightly as she did so. "You seemed the type to have such a place to relax... I thought it would be the perfect place for you to share with me." She lifted a hand to Beizun's shoulder, running over it gently.

Alright, enough of this talking, you silly girl... Time to speak through the touches. Beizun smiled and nodded absently, her head tilting at an attractive angle, her hand creeping along Maddy's cheek feather-soft before threading against her hair and gently rubbing the pads of her fingertips against her scalp. She shifted closer, her body emanating a throbbing heat. Her other hand gently traced the outline of Maddy's hip, all the while smiling patiently. "Shhh... It's lovely, you needn't explain anything. Just close your eyes and feel, Madelyn..."

Poor Maddy was going to start to shake soon, but it would all be worth her nervousness in the end. Maddy nodded, not saying anything, per Beizun's request. Taking in a quiet, deep breath, she calmed herself... Moving her hand from Beizun's shoulder, she cupped her cheek gently, moving her thumb over it. Beizun smiled widely, loving the innocent quality of Maddy...despite all the woman's experience, real intimacy seemed to make her nervous. 

Don't think now, she told herself silently. 

Love-making for Beizun included a heavy dose of just letting herself go. She never thought about what she did, or planned it, or hesitated. She just let her hands and lips and body follow their natural inclinations. 

She let her right hand slide from Maddy's hair and join the other on her hip, running the flats of her palms around Maddy's waist, just getting a feel for her shape. After a moment or two of this exploration, she guided Maddy to sit on the edge of the bath tub.
