 note: A special thanks to Colly for her advice and friendship.

* * * * *

"Bah, humbug." Cindy Davis wasn't overflowing with holiday cheer. In fact, her happy yuletide tank had been empty all week. Now she was filling up with Jack Daniels, but it wasn't improving her mood.

Sue Cangelosi turned away from the mini-refrigerator and walked over with two re-filled glasses. "Girl, you are just no fun at Christmas parties. That's no way to bring in the holidays." 

Cindy grinned. The "party" was a two-girl drinking bout in her dorm room. She and Sue were through with finals except for a blow-off test in Greek mythology, and that was two days away. With both of them broke, and the dorm almost deserted, they decided to open the bottle of bourbon Ray left when he went home for the holidays. 

It served him right. That was two long weeks ago, and he hadn't called in days.

"So why the happy holiday blues?" Sue handed over one of the glasses then sat on the bed with Cindy. "It's two days before our last final which means it's two days before we have to go home to our mothers."

Once again, Cindy had to grin. Neither of them was looking forward to going home, but no test had ever hindered Sue's social life. A fun-loving, free spirit, she was always going out with an ever-changing assortment of guys, and sometimes girls. For while she never came on to Cindy, or any other girl in the dorm, Sue made no secret of her open-minded sexuality. 

Of course, she never had a problem attracting the attention of either males or females outside the dorm. How could she miss? Sue was the type who never met a stranger or took a "no" seriously, and had looks to die for. Thick lashes framed her luminous brown eyes. She had this sexy, olive complexion and full, "kiss me" lips. But most of all, there was her outrageous body. 

Sue was one of the few girls Cindy knew who didn't mind being seen naked. If someone was in her room and she needed to change, Sue changed. Since their first day as freshmen, Cindy had seen Sue's nude body many times. And what a body. It reminded her of the languid, voluptuous nudes you saw in paintings by Renaissance masters. 

Sue's long, thick hair cascaded down her smooth, shapely back until it brushed against the beginning swell of an incredible bottom. In an age when fashion models always seemed malnourished, that bottom might have struck some as a bit, well, grandiose. But to the short, blonde Cindy, it shouted of an overt, womanly sexuality that she envied and had sometimes found uncomfortably hard to ignore.

Now she looked over at Sue who was sprawled in a casual pile beside her. The bottom of the man's silk pajama top Sue wore as a nightshirt was bunched around her hips, revealing impossibly long legs. The room suddenly seemed a little warm. Cindy took a long pull on her drink and then cleared her throat. "So you want to know why the bluebird of happiness isn't on my shoulder. Well, let's see, I'm facing a long, joyful holiday season at home, I'm so horny my eyes almost cross, and Ray is half-way across the country."

Sue sat up. "I feel you pain, girl. It's not like I don't have my own problems back on the home front. But if you're horny, and Ray's away, there's a lot of other fish out in the ocean. People I'm with are always asking about my friend, the cute blue-eyed blonde cheerleader-type with the great boobs."

Cindy shook her head. It made her head spin. "But they aren't Ray. Besides, we didn't have cheerleaders. The school board said they were sexist."

"Give me a break." Sue shook her head in obvious disgust, then shrugged. "Look, I understand you're hung-up on Ray. But if you can't be with him, be with somebody. January's a long way off."

"I couldn't. Just the thought of being with another guy, much less us doing anything, it's a complete turn-off."

Sue gave her a rare, serious look. "Well, then what about a girl?"

"What? Oh, no. I've never--. I couldn't. I mean, I know you, well, that's okay for you. But not me."

"Tell me the truth. Haven't you ever thought about it?"

"Of course, not." Cindy looked down and bit her lower lip. "Well, yeah, I guess so. Back in junior high, I had this huge crush on a really great substitute teacher, Miss Agnore. She was tall and pretty and real nice. I wanted to be just like her. Then one day, she gave me this special smile and suggested I come to her room after school. I remember feeling real funny inside, you know, excited and all. But then I got scared and went right home. The next day she acted like nothing happened. Next week the regular teacher came back and I never saw her again."

Sue got off the bed, took Cindy's half-full glass, and sat both it and hers on top of the mini-frig. Then she crawled back onto the bed and put a hand on her friend's shoulder. "You know the difference between you and me?" Cindy looked up and shook her head. "When I met my Miss Agnore, I went back to her room, again and again."

They gazed into each other's eyes. Then Sue leaned very close and whispered, "Relax, and let me show you what you missed that day."

Cindy was anything but relaxed. Her heart was racing, her stomach was doing somersaults, her entire body was trembling. Just breathing was a chore. This was so wrong. But she couldn't speak, much less say, no.

Mesmerized, she watched Sue's face come closer until it went out of focus. Soft lips began brushing against her cheek, around her ear, then down to her neck where they nibbled on the tender flesh. 

Somehow, the Army fatigue shirt she got from Ray and used as a nightgown became unbuttoned. She didn't care. By then Sue was on top, in charge, and nuzzling on one of her ears. It felt so good.

Long, delicate fingers stroked her breasts and squeezed their hard, pink nipples. Those same fingers moved up and cradled her face and then Sue was kissing her on the lips. It was gentle and skillful and incredibly exciting. 

Unsure what to do, Cindy hesitantly wrapped her arms around Sue, who responded by snuggling closer. As her passion mounted, she found herself hugging Sue tighter and returning the kiss. They became lost in a world of soft, intimate kisses. 

As their tongues darted from mouth to mouth, Sue stroked Cindy's body. Breasts, belly, thighs were all explored. The touching soon concentrated on her panties and then on the part covering her pussy. Cindy was almost certain she didn't want Sue's hand down there. It was one thing to kiss and hug, but this was something else. Still, she felt powerless under that magical touch. 

A gentle pressure just above her clit forced out an unexpected moan. The unstoppable fingers moved up to the waistband and then slipped inside. When they slid into her silky pubic hairs, Cindy shuddered with pleasure. At the first, gentle, penetrating stroke, her entire body jerked uncontrollably. 

Breaking their long kiss, Sue moved down and began sucking on a breast and gently chewing its very erect nipple. She began sucking harder while moving her fingers faster and deeper. Cindy's breathing became a series of pants that matched her pace. 

It was a shock when it all suddenly stopped. She heard Sue saying something about lifting her bottom, and instantly obeyed. Moments later, her panties were on the floor. A steady, insistent pressure pushed her compliant legs further apart. Then Sue slipped off the bed and positioned herself between them.

Fingers were once again exploring the opening to her pussy. A tongue, softly licking her inner thighs, joined them. Glancing down, she saw the top of Sue's head moving up and down between her thighs. A nimble tongue darted around, teasing and tormenting her clit and sending waves of pleasure washing over her body.

Smooth cheeks caressed her inner thighs while soft, delicate fingers stroked up and down her body. Sue took Cindy's hands and guided them down to her dark-blonde pubic hair. As her passion mounted, and she raced toward an orgasm, Cindy overcame any last vestige of modesty and began stroking her own pussy.

She could feel a huge climax approaching and vaguely knew she was gasping and bucking all over the bed. But just as she reached the trigger point, Sue pushed her fingers away and stopped licking. This kept happening until Cindy was almost hysterical with need and begging for relief. 

The next time she began hurtling toward a climax, Sue yielded to those pleas. Cindy's fingers weren't pushed away and that talented tongue continued its fantastic work. 

When her delayed orgasm exploded, it was so hard, so powerful, so all-pervasive, it took total possession of her being. She heard herself begging for more of the pleasure that was so agonizingly intense. 

The climax hammered every fiber of her heaving, writhing body with wave after wave of pure ecstasy. It culminated with a giant spasm of erotic pleasure that sent her arching upward, lifting her hips clear of the bed, and keeping her suspended in mid-air, ridged with passion. Sometime later, the orgasm released its hold and allowed her to collapse back onto the bed.

"So tell me, how do you feel?" There was a pleased expression on Sue's face as she looked up from between Cindy's still trembling thighs. 

"Wonderful. All tingly and mellow. What about you?" 

Sue re-positioned her hands on top of Cindy's well-licked pussy and gave her a wicked grin. "Horny as hell."

Cindy gazed down at her friend for a long time. Sue's face was still damp from her recent work. There was no doubt Sue had seduced her. But there was also no doubt she had enjoyed the seduction. Now she was sated while Sue wasn't. That didn't seem fair. But she wasn't ready to switch places, either.

"I'm sorry. It's just that I've never done this before, you know, the two of us. The thing is, I don't think I could ever do what you...." Her voice trailed off as guilt, and a growing excitement, battled with her reluctance. "But what you did, it felt so incredible. And I guess it'd be only fair. The thing is, I wouldn't be any good. I mean I've never done it, just had it, you know, done to me. But, if it's what you really want me...." Before she could finish, Sue was beside her.

Cindy's reluctance wasn't an act. But once she agreed, all reservations fell away, replaced by a determination to please Sue while savoring every moment of this once-in-a-lifetime experience. For the next few minutes, she would pretend to be Ray. The problem was, she never watched Ray going down on her, just enjoyed the delicious feel. Now what exactly was she supposed to do?

To give herself time to think, she decided to start with something simple and began licking her own essence off Sue's face. Thanks to Ray, she'd tried, and found she liked, what he called her love lotion. But this time there was the added excitement of knowing she would soon be tasting another woman's pussy for the first time. 

After licking Sue's face clean, Cindy began kissing her lips, eyes, ears, and neck, while unbuttoning her nightgown. When the last button slipped free, she pulled the silk pajama top open. 

Holding Sue close, Cindy rolled them both over until she was the one on top. They kissed, long and deep. Then she leaned back to admire Sue's breasts. Thanks to Sue's nudist tendencies, she had seen them many times, but only in brief glimpses and from across the room. Even then, they looked impressive.

But up close, they were awesome; big, luscious, beautiful mounds of warm inviting flesh topped with dark-brown areolas and stiff, thick nipples. Cindy's hands soon overflowed with warm, creamy flesh. Fascinated, she watched her fingers kneed the gorgeous globes and felt the huge nipples respond to her touch.

A sudden desire swept over her. Just touching wasn't enough; she wanted them in her mouth. But if any boobs ever qualified as "more than a mouthful" Sue's did. Cindy nibbled and licked on different portions of the massive mounds. But the dark nipples were too inviting. Capturing one with her lips, she began rhythmically sucking, taking in more and more of the warm flesh until the long, hard nipple brushed against the back of her mouth. 

It was fantastic. But Sue's breasts, no matter how incredible, weren't the final objective. While continuing to gorge on warm flesh, Cindy's fingers explored the rest of Sue's seductive body, then snatched off her thong and spread her long legs.

Cindy slid off the bed, positioned herself between Sue's thighs, and then gazed at her target. Light, olive-hued skin set off a mass of black curls which only partially conceal the entrance to Sue's vagina. 

She moved closer until her face was just inches away. There was a warm, erotic, womanly scent. While still unsure about technique, there was no doubt what she wanted to do, and taste. Using both hands, she pushed the dark hairs apart, stuck out her tongue, and gently touched the slit.

The reaction was instantaneous and gratifying. Sue's entire body jerked and she shrieked, "Oh, shit!" Cindy grinned. She wasn't the only one who'd been horny. Ignoring Sue's cries for her to hurry up, she continued to take her time. When the pleas became almost frantic, Cindy slipped her tongue into Sue's pussy 

"Yes. Yes! Oh god, yes!" Sue was babbling and apparently trying to force Cindy's entire head into her pussy. Resisting the pressure, she parted the labia and located the clit, which she carefully avoided while licking and probing and tasting everything else. 

It was almost an act of mercy when she finally let Sue pull her face closer. As her lips massaged the entrance, Cindy snaked her tongue into the smooth vagina, then swirled it around, teasing and exploring. Before Sue could get off, she pulled back, toyed with the clit, then plunged back into the depths of that sweet, churning pussy. It was a slow, enjoyable process. 

She fell into the rhythm of Sue's thrashing body and her pleas for relief. Determined not to let all that thrashing interrupt her mission, Cindy wrapped her arms around Sue's full hips and got a tight hold on her fabulous ass.

Again and again she had Sue on the verge of an orgasm, only to move the tip of her tongue to another spot just before Sue could come. For the first time she understood why Ray liked going down on her. The control she now had was a real power trip. And watching the reactions and knowing you were bringing the other person so much pleasure was such a turn-on. Besides, it was fun driving the normally in-control Sue wild. 

But all good things must end, she supposed. It was past time to let Sue get off. 

When her friend once again started bucking and panting towards a climax, Cindy concentrated on the super sensitive clit. Positioning her lips around the engorged organ, she began to suck and lick. This time, when Sue teetered on the brink of release, Cindy pushed her over the erotic edge. 

The orgasm was almost frightening. Sue went out of control, writhing and twisting so violently it was all Cindy could do to hang on to the sweating, heaving body. Sue's eyes were closed and her mouth was wide open. Her head tossed from side-to-side. There was an animal-like cry as Sue's hips heaved upwards and Cindy was rewarded with her first ever experience of warm pussy juice washing over her face and into her mouth. She swallowed some, but most went down her chin and neck and then onto her breasts. 

Instead of trying to pull Cindy's head closer, Sue was now trying to push her away. When the spasms began to subside, Cindy yielded to the pressure, and sat back to look at her friend. Sue lay sprawled out on the bed, her fabulous body spent and panting. Those long legs were still spread wide. Cindy's gaze was drawn to the mass of damp, matted pubic hairs that framed the puffy, slightly parted pussy lips. 

Cindy leaned forward and began licking the area clean. Sue tensed at first, but soon let out a contended sigh and stroked Cindy's short, blonde hair as she finished removing all remaining traces of love juice. 

Having completed her mission, Cindy rested her head against Sue's thigh and thought about what she'd just done. Did this mean she was gay? Well, it was great, but she still loved Ray, so she must still prefer men. Then why had she done this? To show Ray? To see what it was like? 

Probably for those reasons and because she was lonely and horny and a little drunk. Would she do it again? Well, maybe. After all, she loved every minute. So make that a strong, maybe. And if Ray stopped hinting and said he wanted them to try a three-way, the answer would be yes, to that and anything else.

That last thought startled Cindy out of her reverie. Its implications were a little frightening. Tonight had been fun, but she was Ray's, completely and forever.

Sue pushed herself up and looked down at her friend. "What caused you to startle, girl, indigestion?" 

Cindy seemed unaware of the tease. "No. I just realized how much I still love that damn Ray. And it's a little scary. I love you too, of course. But that's different. It's not scary." 

"You know," said Sue, "I've finally figured out why guys are so weird. It's all us weird women." She let out a loud snort, then pulled Cindy up beside her. "Well, Ray and all those other weird, scary guys can go to hell. The way I figure it, we just exchanged Christmas presents. Now we've got two days to play with them."

Cindy giggled. Who was she kidding about maybe doing it again? With Sue Cangelosi around, there were no maybes. For the next two days she would do it again, and again, and again. And that was fine with her. "Sue, I love the way you spread holiday cheer."

--

I'm not begging, honest, but votes and comments will warm my cold winter nights. RF