 Adrianne was a quiet girl, you know, that girl in the corner of the library at school with her nose in a book? Or the girl who sat in the back of the cafeteria by herself at lunch. Yea, that was Adrianne. But she was pretty, average I guess. Not hot, or sexy.. cute? Maybe. Adrianne was short, no more than 5'5"; she had bright red hair, simple blue eyes. Her boobs weren't even that spectacular, 32B, and she had no ass either. 

To me though, she was a Goddess, so exquisite, and so clueless. She was my next door new next door neighbour, and I'd seen her for the first time moments ago as we shared the small space in the lobby. My goodness, she was amazing.

I raced back up to my apartment, and locked the door behind me. I couldn't wait any longer. My shirt came off with ease, as did my shorts. I wasn't wearing a bra, and a almost ripped off my thong as I threw myself onto my bed. Instantly, my hand was on my pussy and it was dripping wet. Fuck it felt so good, rubbing my clit. I thought about her tongue licking up my pussy juices, and I almost came right there. I shoved two fingers in my pussy and screamed as the feeling felt so amazing. Pumping my fingers in and out of my wet pussy, the orgasm grew more intense. 

"FUUUCK!" I screamed as my pussy came, juices every where. I laid there, on my bed, in my pussy juice, deep breathing, envisioning fucking Adrianne. And then I heard a knock which pulled me back to reality. I sighed, got up and put my clothes on as I walked to the door, considering they were strewn everywhere. I didn't even bother to look through the peephole, unlocked my door and opened it, expecting to see the guy from above me who I'm pretty sure has a crush on me. To my surprise, it was Adrianne, and instantly, my pussy was wet again.

"Is everything okay? I heard you scream as I was going into my apartment," Adrianne said.

"Oh yea, I'm fine, I just.. uh.. stubbed my toe, hurt like a son of a bitch," I said, "you're new here, huh?"

"Yea, I'm Adrianne," she said, as she extended her hand. I already knew her name from the guy upstairs; they had already gotten acquainted. 

"I'm Kelly," I said as I returned the gesture with a smile, "it's nice to meet you."

"Likewise. So you're sure everything is fine?"

"Yes, absolutely. I'm just a little clumsy. No worries," I laughed.

"Okay, well I'm right across the hall if you need anything," she said, giving me the most adorable smile. 

"Thanks," I replied. I figured now was my chance, so I took it. "Oh hey!" I said, just as she was closing her door. Adrianne turned around, "how would you like to maybe grab lunch tomorrow? I know I really good place around the corner, and seens how you're new here, I'll give you a tour or something?" I said.

"Sure, sounds great!" she said, smiling again. 'Ugh, I want make this girl scream in ecstasy' I thought, 'soon enough.' I returned the smile, "Around 1? I'll come and get you then?" She nodded in approval and closed her door, as did I. I made my way back to my bed, and off came my clothes again. Adrianne just made me so wet and horny, I needed to get a release. I felt my body, my lovely 36D boobs, my nipples hard and peaked. My hands moved their way across my flat tummy, and found my dripping wet pussy once again. I touched myself, and shuttered with pleasure. Rubbing myself, I began to squirm. 'I can't wait to fuck that girl,' I thought, and the more I thought of Adrianne, the wetter I became and the closer I got to an orgasm. I shoved two fingers inside of me, and finger fucked myself, moaning with pleasure. Then I decided I wanted more; I reached over in my nightstand and grabbed my dildo. It wasn't anything special, about 7 inches long, it did the trick. I rubbed it up and down my pussy to get it nice and wet. Bringing it up to my mouth I licked every drip off of it, loving the taste of my own pussy. Now that it was nice and wet from my saliva, I shoved it inside me, and came instantly. I moaned and squirmed as my pussy juices flowed. "OH MY GOODNESS," I yelled in ecstasy. 

I took it out, and got on my knees. Reaching around me with the dildo, I rubbed it up and down my asshole, and then brought it back to my mouth. 'My pussy tastes so good, but I bet Adrianne's tastes better," I thought about fucking Adrianne with this dildo, making her cum again and again. The dildo was back at my ass, and I shoved it deep into my asshole. "FUCK!" I screamed, "feels so fucking good!" I pumped it in and out of my asshole, faster, deeper. The orgasm grew bigger. "OH MY! I'm cumming!" I yelled out as my pussy squirted everywhere, dildo still being pumped in and out of my ass. I fell forward, breathing heavily. 

--

I walked out of my apartment, locking the door behind me, and took the two steps across the hall to Adrianne's door. Knocking, I waited very impatiently. I could hear as she unlocked her door, "Hey! I'm almost ready, let me grab my purse!" she said excitedly. I waited in the doorway for her, watching her as she walked into the apartment. She was wearing a cute sundress, that came up to just above her knees. It didn't look like she was wearing a bra, and I hoped she wasn't wearing panties either. I figured a nice skirt with a lace blouse, and a camisole underneath was fitting, especially since the skirt was a little shorter than it should be for lunch. I was wearing my usual push up bra and thong. Watching as she walked almost made me want to start playing with pussy right there, but I used every ounce of self control I had not too. "Ready!" she said as she came closer. We stepped out, and she locked the door to her apartment. 

The entire afternoon was quite pleasant; they ate lunch and then did some shopping. We talked, and got to know one another, and I learned that Adrianne was single, however whether she was straight, gay or even bisexual remained a mystery. Arriving back at the apartment, they said the farewells for the day, and I raced into my apartment locked the door behind me and couldn't contain it any longer. My skirt was lifted, thong pulled to the side, and my fingers were deep inside my pussy, which had been wet all day. "Oh my, I have got to fuck that girl," I said as I moaned, "I don't know how much longer I can take." I pounded my pussy standing up against the door, and before I knew it, I was cumming, my pussy spraying juices everywhere. "FUUCK!" I screamed, unable to contain myself. I took my fingers from my pussy and licked them clean, as I slouched up against the door. And then, the knock.

I froze, not knowing what to do. Whoever it was heard me as I orgasmed. If it was the guy upstairs, TIm, Tom, I didn't really care who he was, but I would invite him in, and I could use a good quick fuck. I looked through the peephole. 'FUCK!' I thought to myself. It was Adrianne. 'Had she heard everything?' I thought to myself. 

"Kelly, I know your home. Open up," she called from outside there door. I quickly fixed my clothes, and did a quick shake-off. Hopefully I could brush it off to something else. I opened the door.

"Hey," Adrianne said.

"Hi, what's up?" I asked. Adrianne had a confused but curious look on her face.

"Um, I was coming over to ask if you wanted to come over for girls night on Saturday, I have on once a month, but I heard.. Were you just masturbating at your door?" Adrianne asked. She looked somewhat shocked, but aroused.

I laughed nervously, "Uhm, yea. I won't deny it. I'm sorry. I'm a very horny person, and well, you make me very, very horny," I confessed.

Adrianne took a small step back, and I studied her face. She didn't look horrified, or repulsed. In fact, she looked somewhat fascinated, and interested. "I make you horny? I'm not even cute," she said softly.

"But you are!" I said, pulling her into my apartment, "I find you incredibly sexy, Adrianne, you are ravishing! I'd love to do so many things to you!"

Adrianne blushed, "Can I tell you something? I've only had sex like three times in my life. With the same guy, but I think I was just his hook up. And I've never even considered sex with a woman."

I smiled, "Well, I'm not going to push you into anything, but I can help with that. I find sex with women is so much more satisfying than sex with men." I went to the kitchen and pulled down some wine glasses from the cupboard, and a bottle of wine out of the rack. "Lets have a glass of wine and talk it over."

"It's only 4:30 in the afternoon, a little early isn't it?" Adrianne said.

"Not at all, it's only a glass, and besides, it's 5 o'clock somewhere, soon to be here," I said pouring the wine, "Sit on the couch." I said. I watched her move carefully over to the couch and sit down. She was nervous, but definitely curious. I finished pouring the wine, put the bottle away, and took the two glasses over to couch and put them down on the coffee table. Sitting down, a little too close to Adrianne, I crossed my legs. "So, you've had sex 3 times in your life, with the same guy? Was it not pleasurable?"

"Well, losing my virginity to him wasn't, but the other times were okay I guess. I don't really know what sex is supposed to be like," Adrianne said nervously, sipping at her wine.

"Well, sex is amazing, especially with a woman. I've had sex with a few different men, with dicks of all sizes, and as good as it is, there is nothing quite like a woman. A woman just knows how to caress you, to touch you, and kisses are so soft and sensual, lips so gentle, and you can't deny the delicacy of a woman's body, so beautiful." I said, looking at her. 'My goodness she is beautiful.' I thought.

"Well, I.. I don't know Kelly. As nice as that sounds, I don't know if I could ever. I mean, I don't think I'm that type of girl," Adrianne said. 

"It's perfectly natural to explore your sexuality. Completely normal. All part of being in your twenties too. And you can trust me, and be safe with me, I'm not going to hurt you, and if you want to stop, that's all you have to say." I said. By now, her wine was gone. I could tell she had loosened up a little bit, so maybe this was going to happen. 

"I don't even know you, this is crazy." She said, looking at me, I could see the interest, even the desire in her eyes.

I made my move. I kissed her, a deep, soft, sensual kiss. And she didn't resist. I opened my mouth slightly, and invited her tongue to mine. I pulled her in closer, wrapping my hand around her head, and feeling her body with my other. I began to unbutton her sweater as I moved my kisses down her neck. I heard her moan ever so slightly. 

"You're right, this is nice," Adrianne whispered. She began to feel for the bottom of my shirt, to pull it off, just as I had gotten her sweater off. My shirts came off, as did her dress. She didn't have much, but what she did have was gorgeous. I looked at her in admiration. 

"You're beautiful, Adrianne." I said as I began to kiss her some more. Pushing her back on to the couch, I got on top of her, kissing down her neck, her chest, as I reached behind to undo her bra. As her breasts came free, I gently kissed them, Adrianne moaning softly. I began to suck on them, and bite them ever so carefully, as her moans got louder. I looked at her, in her eyes, and I could see that she wanted more. I worked my way down her flat tummy, kiss after kiss, until I came to her panties. I wrapped my fingers under the hemline and slowly pulled them off, as she lifted her hips to help me. I tossed her panties aside, and kissed up her legs until I came to her pussy. It was dripping wet, and it smelled so extraordinary. I spread apart her pussy lips, and flicked her clit with my tongue. Adrianne shuttered, I did it again; this time a moan came with the shutter. She tasted so wonderful and my mouth opened for her pussy. I licked and sucked on her beautiful clit as she writhed in ecstasy. "You taste so good," I said.

"Oh my, It feels so good, please don't stop," she pleaded, as I licked and sucked at her pussy faster. I used my tongue and tongue fucked her tight pussy. "Holy fuck, please, don't stop. It feels amazing!" she screamed as an orgasm was upon her. I had no intention of stopping for a while, as I had hoped for this moment for 2 weeks. Adrianne orgasmed in my mouth, and her pussy juices flowed. She wasn't a squirter like I was, but what she did cum I licked it up. I didn't miss a beat after her orgasm, and with my fingers, I felt up and down her pussy, playing with her clit, and then finally, slowly shoving my finger into her tight hole. "OH MY!" she yelled, as my finger was deep inside her. I pumped in and out, stretching her tight pussy. She may not be a virgin, but she sure felt like it. I put my mouth back to her pussy and sucked and licked her clit more. The louder she moaned, the more i sucked, the more she squirmed, the faster I pumped my fingers. 

"Do you like that? Like my finger inside of you, and my tongue on your clit?" I said, as I slowly inserted a second finger. 

"OOHH!" she screamed, "Fuck me Kelly, fuck me!" 

Adrianna came another 2 times as I finger fucked her, and I licked up every last drop of her pussy juice. She lay there on the couch, breathing heavily as I got up. "Want to taste pussy now?" I asked her. She smiled, and got up. I undid my skirt and let it fall to flow, and sat down. Spreading my legs, I watched her as she took in the sent of my pussy. I was only wearing my thong, and she could see that it was drenched with my pussy juice. I pulled it off and spread my legs wide for her, and watched as she carefully flicked my clit with her cautious tongue. I shuttered with pleasure, "Mmm, just like that," I said, as she did it again and again. "You're a natural I said," as I moaned in ecstasy. She sucked and licked my clit like she had been doing it for years, and it felt so fucking good. "Suck that pussy, baby, fucking suck it. Suck all my pussy juice," I sad, moaning and squirming as she ate my pussy. "Holy fuck, Adrianne, feels so good!" 

She brought her had up, and began to feel my breasts, and felt down my tummy. Her fingers reached my pussy, as she began to play with my clit. "Mmmm, yea" I moaned. Soon, her fingers were inside me while she sucked my clit, 3 fingers pumping in and out of me. "Holy fuck, I'm going to cum," I yelled. I didn't tell her I squirted, hopefully she will enjoy the stream of pussy juice going into her mouth. She continued to lick my pussy as she finger fucked me, and I squeeze and played with my nipples. "Holy fuck, don't stop, DON'T STOP!" I yelled, "Fuck, I'm cumming!" as I squirted all over her face and in her mouth, She opened her mouth willingly as my pussy squirted pussy juice. And when I was done, she licked every drop from my pussy, kissing up my tummy and finally reaching my mouth. Our tongues connected, and I could taste my pussy in her mouth. 

"Mmmm, for your first time with a girl," I said, "You were amazing." I said.

"i should be thanking you, that was incredible. I can't believe I've been missing out for so long," Adrianne exclaimed.

"Well, being you're first time, I wanted to take it easy. Next time, will be even better." I said, with a huge smile.