 Until recently, Clare and Emily silently craved each other's touch without knowing they both wanted the same thing. Then, one wonderful weekend, fate intervened and their secret desires were finally fulfilled.

And now Emily's mother Caroline, after seeing Emily and Clare together, is having cravings of her own. 

The reader is encouraged to read 'Secret Hunger' by Evie Zasse. And, as always, the author welcomes your comments.



Clare and Emily



Clare and Emily were busily cleaning and tidying up the basement rec room after the last of their guests left. It was late, or actually it was early, about two in the morning. Emily's mother had just gone back upstairs, satisfying herself that the girls were almost done. It had been a long day, but the party was a success and everyone had a good time. The two friends turned out the lights and went quietly upstairs. On the way to Emily's bedroom where the girls were going to try to get some sleep, they passed Emily's mom who was just shutting her bedroom door. 

It wasn't unusual for Clare to spend the night; Emily's mom, Caroline, often referred to her as her 'other' daughter. Although the girls believed that she didn't know just how close Clare and Emily had become. 

Clare shut the bedroom door and leaned back against it, partly from being tired, but mostly because she was finally alone with Emily. Her friend stood in front of her and raised one hand to reach for the small doorlock that would give them at least some sense of privacy. Emily's hand never got to the lock. Clare's hands sliding under Emily's loose blouse pleasantly diverted her. She closed her eyes as Clare's fingers worked their way under her bra and slipped it up and off of her rounded breasts. Clare kneaded the soft resilient flesh and gently pinched the already hard and stiff nipples. They stood that was for several minutes. Locked in the pleasure that they felt. 

Emily reached up and took one of Clare's hands away from her breast. Hand in hand, they walked the few feet to Emily's bed. They quickly undressed and turned out the lights and crawled under the crisp cool sheets. Even with the best intentions of enjoying their newfound intimacy, it was sleep that they surrendered to. Wrapped in each other's arms, they both drifted off to sleep.

It was the first crack of distant thunder that first roused Emily. With a light rain tapping on the window, she carefully inched her way down the bed and between Clare's legs. In the dim light coming through the window, Emily saw the tight folds of Clare's pussy lips, pink and shaved clean. As she moved closer, she smelled a light, delicate musky scent. She had used her hands and fingers several times on that mound, bringing joy and pleasure to her friend. Now, in an almost uncontrollable desire, she lowered her mouth to taste the forbidden fruit. At the first touch of Emily's tongue, Clare's eyes opened in surprise, and quickly closed again, savoring the feeling. Without a word, Clare spread her legs, giving her friend complete access to her pussy. 

Emily moved her hands under Clare's butt, lifting it slightly as she ran her tongue up and down the length of Clare's slit. Clare reached down and with her fingers, she parted her pussy lips, exposing the sensitive inner walls of her pussy and her small clitoris. Using her tongue, Emily caressed and licked until she heard Clare start to softly moan. Clare's own sweet juices bathed her pussy and dripped into Emily's mouth. Emily found the now protruding bud of Clare's clit. She sucked it and teased it with her tongue. Emily raised herself to her knees, her naked butt in the air, easing her straining neck. When she heard Clare start to moan louder, she nibbled ever so tenderly with her teeth on her clit.



Caroline



The thunder that woke Emily also woke Caroline in her bedroom down the hall. Awake now, lying in bed listening to the rain, Emily's mom decided to check on the girls. She quietly rose and slipped on a robe. She padded in bare feet the few steps to Emily's door. She was mildly surprised that the door was not locked as she turned the knob. She opened the door silently, just enough to peek in and assure herself that the girls were all right. What she saw in the dim light was surprising and embarrassing. She saw Emily with her ass raised and her head between Clare's legs. There was no denying what the girls were doing and the soft sounds from Clare punctuated the otherwise quiet room. Emily's mother pulled the door closed, being as silent as she could, and made her way back to her own room. 



Clare and Emily



As Clare neared her orgasm, she gripped the bed sheets and tried to be quiet. As the orgasm peaked and waves of pleasure washed through her body, she clamped a hand over her mouth to muffle the small gasp that she couldn't stop from coming out. Emily moved forward on top of her friend and she covered Clare's mouth with her own. Clare confessed to Emily some time before, that she liked feeling the weight of her friend on her body. She liked feeling the smooth soft body of her friend sliding against her own skin. As Clare relaxed, she hugged Emily, massaging her back and shoulders as they kissed. With her legs still spread slightly, she started moving her hips. Emily started doing the same until they were grinding their pussies together in a display of wanton love. With the rain still musically tapping on the window, the girls moved next to each other and closed their eyes for another hour of sleep. 



Caroline



Caroline, lying in her own bed, couldn't get back to sleep. The image of her daughter making oral love to someone that she had often thought of as a younger daughter was disturbing. The image was also very exciting and erotic. She couldn't get that mental picture out of her head. What else have they been doing she wondered. Caroline was not going to get any more sleep in the early hours of that morning. 



Caroline and Jeanne



Sunday morning dawned bright, warm and sunny. The night's rains had left the backyard smelling fresh and clean. After breakfast, the girls brought their blankets and towel out to the yard and spread them out. As Emily's mother watched from the kitchen window, both girls stretched out to enjoy the early sunshine. Both girls wore bikinis and Clare brought a small portable radio that was playing softly between them. 

Caroline couldn't help staring. She had never thought of her daughter as a woman. A woman with needs and desires. Her mind wandered back to a time when she was much younger, before getting married and before Emily. She had had dreams and desires too. But it was a different time. Girls were expected to have boyfriends, not degrade themselves with other girls. But, like other girls of the time, she had thought about it and wondered what it would be like. Now, her daughter wasn't just wondering about other women, she was finding out first hand. And now she was starting to wonder too. 

The knock on the kitchen door startled her. Caroline almost dropped the coffee cup she was washing in the sink. She dried her hands quickly, and when she answered the door, she saw a matronly looking woman with silver hair smiling at her. 

"What are you up to this morning?" Jeanne asked as she walked past the window to sit at the kitchen table.

"Ah, I was just cleaning up mother." Caroline answered, glancing at the window.

"I can see that. Who is the young lady with Emily?" Jeanne asked, glancing again towards the window.

"Oh, that's Clare." Caroline answered, gazing back at the window herself.

"You mean little Clare, the tomboy that used to play with Emily when they were young?" Jeanne said.

"I remember she always had Band-Aids on her knees. The two of them running all over the neighborhood." Jeanne added.

"That's her, all grown up, like Emily?" Caroline said flatly. 

"And why were you watching them this morning?" Jeanne asked, turning to stare into her daughter's eyes. 

Jeanne used that special tone of voice that implied that you had better tell the truth. Caroline hadn't heard that tone for a long time, but she never could change the subject gracefully or lie to her mother. She told her mother what she had discovered the night before.

"So, you never did anything like that with your girlfriends? No, I guess you probably didn't". Jeanne said softly, answering her own question and shaking her head. 

"It's not all that unusual you know. I remember practicing kissing when I was young." Jeanne continued.

"Well I didn't do anything like that." Caroline confessed.

"Look at it this way dear, From what you've told me, they obviously like each other a lot. They feel comfortable with each other. And besides, at least you don't have to worry about either one of them getting pregnant." Jeanne offered.

"I know, it's not them so much as me. When I saw them, it made me feel, I don't know, kind of strange." Caroline said. 

"Strange. How?" Jeanne asked more softly, looking at Caroline.

"Mom, I can't talk to you about this." Caroline said as she got up and went back to the sink.

"Well I just stopped by for a few minutes. I'm having lunch with a few friends and we're bound to get into some kind of mischief. If you want my advice, you won't bother the girls with what you've told me. This is your problem, not theirs." Jeanne said as she got up.

Caroline walked her mother to the door where they exchanged hugs.

"Give the girls my love and tell them I'll stop by again soon when I can spend more time." Jeanne said as she stepped out of the door.

"Wait mom." Caroline called, hurrying down the driveway.

"Yes dear?" Jeanne asked, turning around.

"What am I going to do?" Caroline said, almost pleading. 

Looking straight into her daughter's eyes, Jeanne said, "You have two choices. You can either forget what you saw and bury those feelings you said you were having. Or you can do something about it."

"Do you want my help with this/" Jeanne asked when Caroline didn't respond.

"I cannot forget what I saw or what I feel. So I guess I do want your help." Caroline confessed in a small voice.

"Let me work on this, I'll get back to you in a few days, Ok? Jeanne said.



Caroline





Jeanne left her daughter standing in the driveway as she drove off. Caroline stood there for several minutes, not sure what to do. When she walked back to the house, Emily and Clare were just coming back in from the yard.

"Who was that?" Emily asked.

"Oh, your grandmother. She just stopped in for a minute, but she'll be back in a few days and will have more time to visit." Caroline said, and added under her breath, "I hope".

"Well, we're gonna change, and I'm gonna drive Clare home. Do you need anything while I'm out?" Emily said.

"No, nothing thanks. Drive carefully." Caroline told her daughter. "And please come back soon." She said to Clare.

Caroline watched the girls as they went upstairs and went back to washing the few things in the sink. A few minutes later she heard Emily pull her car out of the garage and drive away. 



Clare and Emily





"I can't keep my hands off of you." Clare said as they drove towards her house.

"Well, don't let me stop you." Emily said as she glanced over and smiled at her friend.

Clare rested her hand on Emily's thigh and slowly inched it upward, under her skirt. She gently massaged Emily's inner thigh, making small circles with her hands and fingers. Emily loosened her seatbelt just enough for Clare to pull the rest of her skirt out from under her butt. Emily wasn't wearing any panties. With more room, Clare's fingers played with the curly hair covering Emily's pussy mound. She pulled her hand out long enough to put two fingers in her mouth, getting them wet. When she put her hand back under Emily's skirt, she slipped her fingers into the damp slit of Emily's pussy. Clare and Emily both concentrated on looking casual and watching the road. But Clare's busy fingers were rubbing and pinching Emily's clit, swollen now and her clit erect like a tiny cock, begging for attention. By the time they had driven the mile or so to Clare's house, both girls were aroused and in need of relief.

Somehow the girls were able to calm themselves enough to park the car and walk into the house. Once in Clare's bedroom with the door locked, they embraced and kissed. Their tongues dancing in each other's mouths. Emily flipped off her shoes and stepped out of her skirt while Clare stripped off her own clothes. The girls climbed onto Clare's bed and Clare pushed Emily down on the soft comforter covering the bed, landing between her legs. For a moment, Clare stared at the thick patch of reddish brown hair covering Emily's mound. Clare looked up into Emily's eyes and slowly lowered her face as Emily spread her legs. As her tongue slid over the damp mass, Clare heard the quick intake of breath from Emily. Clare wrapped her arms and hands around Emily's thighs and savored the delicious aroma emanating from her pussy. Clare was able to use the tips of her fingers to slightly separate the folds of Emily's vagina enough for her to see the pink, smooth clitoris. As Clare closed her lips around that sensitive bud, Emily groaned loudly. Clare sucked and teased Emily's clit with her tongue until she felt Emily's butt raise up as if trying to get deeper into her mouth. Teasingly, Clare stopped, pulling her mouth off for a second. When she put her mouth back, she bit down gently with her teeth. Emily put a hand over her own mouth to muffle the small scream that escaped her lips. The orgasm that had been slowly building exploded all at once, catching her by surprise. Emily's eyes opened wide as wave after wave of pure pleasure and joy washed over her body. She was panting and gasping for breath as Clare licked the inner walls of her pussy lips. As the orgasm subsided, Emily reached down and urged Clare to climb up on top of her. Tummy to tummy, breasts to breasts, they laid there, arms around one another. Emily gently took Clare's head in her hands and brought their lips together in a tender kiss. 

When Emily pulled away from the kiss, she looked into Clare's eyes and said in a whispered voice " I love you." 

Hearing those words, Clare smiled down at her dearest friend, and in a soft voice that Emily would never ever forget, she said "Emily, I love you too, I have for a while."



Jeanne



Jeanne Monroe sat on the edge of an extra large bed, in the middle of a well-lit and airy bedroom. The bed was covered with deep purple silk sheets. She was dressed except for her shoes, which she was putting back on. Across the well appointed room, her friend Kimberlie was putting on a bra in front of a large mirror. The bra was expensive, as was most everything that Kimberlie owned. Her 44D breasts once more resting in the bra cups, she turned to Jeanne. 

"So, your daughter is having stirrings. She does know that you are a lesbian doesn't she?" Kimberlie asked.

"I certainly thought she knew. But from what she said this morning, I'm not so sure." Jeanne said.

"And with my grand daughter obviously enjoying another young lady." Jeanne paused.

"What are you going to do?" Kimberlie said as she sat next to Jeanne and held out a hairbrush.

Jeanne absently brushed Kimberlie's hair as she thought, before continuing. "She asked for my help, but I don't think she has any idea of the kind of help I can offer."

"You'll have to be careful and take it slow. Wondering about another woman is one thing, Experimenting with a little touchy feely is another. Doing the touchy feely with her mother might be too much for her." Kimberlie said.

"So, you've come to the same conclusion I have. It would be best coming from me rather than a stranger, no matter how well intentioned." Jeanne said flatly. "I'm just not sure how to begin."



More Than Friendship and Family



Monday morning saw both Clare and Emily back in classes at college. Clare had one late class on Tuesday and Emily had an evening class on Wednesday, making it difficult for the girls to see each other. They did chat on the phone and texted each, other that had some interesting, results. It's hard enough getting ready for a test when you get a message describing quite graphically how stiff your nipples are or how wet your panties have become. But with only a few more weeks of the term left and finals coming up, the girls started to make plans. This weekend they would be back at Emily's house, at least at night. 

Jeanne, also had plans this weekend. She had made up her mind about how to help her daughter Caroline. It was going to be an interesting couple of days. 





The End...For now