 Jenny joined the company almost a year to the day that Susan had started there. They were in the same department and couldn't avoid each other. Which was a shame as from the very first they did not get on. Really it was Jenny that was at fault, wherever the sultry brunette had been before she had always been the centre of attention. Always the loud, fun girl that all the guys lusted after (and many had got!). And she loved that, loved the attention and feeling of power it gave her and loved the feel of a good hard dick inside her. She was in her late twenties now and to have it re-enforced as to how beautiful and desirable she still was a real fillip to her fragile ego. She expected it to be no different when she joined the firm but then she met Susan.

Susan was a couple of years younger than Jenny and was also, without a shadow of a doubt, prettier. Which when you consider how good looking Jenny was tells you that Susan was something special indeed. A tall, leggy blonde with a winsome smile and the longest black eyelashes which she was adept at fluttering, Susan was a statuesque beauty to be sure. Although Susan was hardly shy she was not nearly so worldly as Jenny and had only really been with a few guys in her life. But they did share one common characteristic in that both had undergone breast surgery to enhance their tits, and both their busts were impressive things to see.

In the main it was Jenny who took a dislike to Susan, unreasonably, because Susan had done nothing to offend her but as that continued it was difficult for Susan not to feel a level of dislike for this jealous woman. So at work, at least, they avoided one another and dished out the odd dirty look but in the main they ignored the other's presence wherever possible and tried to be as coolly professional around each other at all times. It was hard. Jenny was jealous of Susan's looks and viewed her as a dumb blonde bimbo, while Susan hated that Jenny was so mean to her and thought that she acted like a man hungry slut. It was a recipe for disaster.

Susan's father, Ken had been a widower for nearly a year when he moved to the city and restarted his life near his daughter. That was a big part of why he had come here, Susan was his only child and since his wife had passed away he had been desperately lonely. Susan loved that her dad was so near and cared for her so much. He even made a point to take his daughter to lunch every Wednesday, picking her up from the office. Jenny began to see this distinguished, grey haired man consistently pick Susan up and at first thought he was dating her. That surprised Jenny because he looked way too old for that kid Susan (whereas Jenny had been with men of all ages!). Eventually, Jenny made some enquiries and discovered exactly who he was and everything made more sense. Still Jenny was intrigued by him, he was somewhat attractive despite his age and besides what better way to stick it to Susan than to bang her old man!

For a curvy, sexy, sultry fox like Jenny it was simplicity itself to seduce Ken. She contrived to bump into him 'accidentally' and got chatting and flirting and he was quickly putty in her hands. She didn't want Susan to find out about this blossoming affair too quickly and that was a secret Ken was happy to keep. He was revitalised, this young woman was keeping him young and he knew, instinctively that he was falling in love with her. Susan soon realised her dad was happier than he had been in months and although she figured that he had met someone she couldn't get it out of him who it was. It didn't matter, she was just happy to see her dad with life back in his eyes.

Jenny got further and further under Ken's skin until she was sure he was totally smitten by her, so in love that she was confident the relationship would survive it's revelation to Susan. And oh, how Jenny relished seeing the look on Susan's pretty face as she entered the restaurant to meet her father's new girlfriend and saw him laughing and kissing her hated rival, Jenny , from work. That was the signal for a series of arguments and rows between daughter and father and girlfriend. To Susan's horror Ken consistently took Jenny's side in these and he would defend her to the hilt to his daughter. Then when Susan thought it couldn't get worse Ken and Jenny announced their engagement. It was with all that in mind that the following events occurred.

Ken had to leave the country for a few days, Susan knew that but her relationship with her father had degenerated so much that she was not even aware of where he was off to, and she had no intention of asking Jenny where he had gone. Now when they passed in the office she just ignored her future step-mother (and only a couple of years older!) coolly snubbing her efforts to communicate, as suddenly Jenny wanted to be friendlier with Susan.

That Monday of Ken's trip Jenny managed to follow Susan into one of the meeting rooms at work and swiftly locked the door behind them before the blonde realised she had been tailed. When Susan turned round to face Jenny she could barely conceal the distaste that she held for the woman from her face. Jenny had positioned herself in front of the large doors and, somewhat flustered Susan tried to push past her to get out. Jenny calmly placed her palm against Susan to halt her and before she could complain, Jenny addressed her.

"Susan, I know you hate me right now and I know that we haven't always got on well in the past but please give me this time to speak to you."

Susan's green eyes bore into Jenny's and she angrily crossed her arms but the slight nod of her head gave her assent that she would listen to what Jenny had to say. Both women were dressed in their normal work attire, Susan in a smart dark blue business suit and white blouse and Jenny in a scarlet blouse and tight black mini skirt.

"Look Susan I know that we have never got on but I want you to know I really do care for your father." 

Jenny, at least, sounded serious but got no more than a snort of disbelief and a hard stare from her audience. Jenny seemed to ignore it and sidled closer to Susan until she stood right before her and looked deep into her clear, blue eyes.

"But Susan, as much as I care for your Dad, as much as I want to marry him, I have feelings for you too."

Susan recoiled. This was totally out of the blue, what was this conniving bitch up to? Susan visibly shuddered at this slimy come on and could not hide the revulsion from her face as she spoke.

"What! What are you on about Jenny? Are you sick? Is ruining my father's life not enough to you? Go, get out, I want nothing to do with you and your sordid ideas."

Susan made to brush past and make her exit but Jenny held her hand out and partly restrained Susan.

"Wait. Susan. You obviously care for your father and don't want him to marry me. Well I'll give you the chance. As much as I love Ken I won't marry him if you submit to one night of love with me. You're beautiful, Susan. All the men here desire you but I can give you what they can't, I can make you feel so different, so sexy. Consider it, I'm serious."

Susan's jaw was slack and open with this indecent proposal and she made to dismiss it out of hand.... But the idea of expunging this bad relationship from her father was tempting, and just for one night of discomfort for her. She obviously gave it some deep thought. Jenny watched trying to keep the sly look from her face, knowing that Susan was considering what she had offered.

"And you'll break off the engagement? No questions, if I agree to this sordid little offer you'll cancel the wedding and not tell him why and get the hell out of his life?"

"As much as I care for him, yes. If you do this for me then yes I'll do that. So what do you say Susan?"

"OK, but there better not be any tricks, you do what you said and yes I'll do it."

"Good, I'll book a room at the Palmeras Hotel across town and text you the room number, you come over on Friday night and I'll show you what a real woman can do Susan."

Susan left the room with a consternated look all over her face and obviously puzzling over whether this was the right thing to do, but to save her dad from that woman she was willing. Jenny sat on the edge of the table and smiled and ran her fingers through her luxurious hair and spoke to the empty room.

"I guess it's true that you're a dumb blonde Susan, real dumb."

That whole week was a strange one for Susan. She went from changing her mind to going ahead with it a hundred times and it certainly didn't help that Jenny was meticulously nice to her in the office, complementing her and asking how she was getting on. It unsettled Susan and as she finally decided she must go through with this, she was just desperate to get it over with. 

That Friday Susan got the text she had been dreading, it told her the room number was 315 and that there would be a key card for her at reception and to just come up when she arrived. She drove home that afternoon after work and had a couple of stiff drinks, she needed them. She showered and changed. She had initially intended to wear a dowdy, conservative top and jeans, giving as blank a canvas as possible for Jenny to paint her twisted plans on. However, sitting there in her bedroom thinking about the evening to come she suddenly felt that she wanted to look her best, show Jenny that she was far better looking that that old trout could ever hope to be, really put on a front, show her up. She wore a pair of red panties and a red bra that contained her big tits. She wore a black skirt that fell just below her knees but had a very revealing slit right up the left hand side and a sheer cream blouse. Over that she wore a leather jacket zipped right up.

The Palmeras, when she got there, was quite a classy hotel and she had no problem collecting the key card from reception. Getting into the elevator her legs were shaking and all the way up she thought of backing out, even at this late stage. Nevertheless, those legs took her along the lush carpeted corridor until she stood breathless outside a large, oak hotel room door, emblazoned with the numbers 315. She stood for the longest moment before plunging the card forward and swiping it in the slot by the handle and the door swung open revealing a soft lit room.

She could just make out Jenny, sitting atop her bed in the lamp light, dressed in a very short, black silk dressing gown and holding up a tall champagne flute to salute her guest. The predatory smile she flashed Susan sent shivers down her spine, she wished to hell this was done and over.

"Hello Susan, I was beginning to think you wouldn't turn up. I was so disappointed. But here you are."

Susan couldn't think of anything she wanted to say and stood, stock still just inside the door, frozen.

"What's wrong Susan?", Jenny's voice dripped with insincerity as she shifted on the luxury sized bed and slipped of it and sexily walked across to greet Susan. Jenny's hand reached up and played through the ends of Susan's blonde tips and Susan snapped out of her inertia and recoiled back before storming off across the bedroom towards the curtained window. Jenny just curled her crocodile smile even more and took a sip of the alcohol and stood observing the fly in her spider's web.

"You know Susan, that's not very nice, is it? I've gone to all this trouble, a lovely room, expensive champagne and look a basket of strawberries and cream for us to enjoy. You should just relax and enjoy the evening. I know I am. Unless of course you don't love your Dad as much as you claim to?"

Right about then Susan could have ripped this Bitch's head off and shown her exactly what she thought of her but she didn't, instead choosing to stare hard at Jenny and cross her arms protectively across her chest. Which Jenny took as an indication that Susan had listened to her and Jenny moved over before Susan tried to meet her furtive blue eyes. Her hands reached out for the zip on Susan's coat and she slowly pulled it down and then stepped behind Susan and slipped it off her shoulders and placed it on a chair in the room.

"Hmm, that's better, isn't it? Now why don't you have a drink, I'm sure that will relax you a little" , and she handed Susan a full glass from the small table in the room.

Susan rushed the full glass down in one, needing the Dutch courage the alcohol would provide. Jenny just kept on smiling and began to run her hand over Susan's midriff and higher. Both girls glasses were put back on the table and Jenny' slim finger hooked around the top button on Susan's blouse and popped it open. At this Susan made off towards the door, having had just about enough of this. Before she could grab the door handle Jenny spoke out again.

"I guess you don't love your Dad, do you Susan? (the words had the desired effect as Susan stopped dead in her tracks and as she turned to face Jenny her eyes fell in a final show of her submission - Jenny's dark eyes just bored into Susan and she was much harder with her next words) Now stop teasing me you slut and get that blouse and skirt off, I want to see more of that body all the guys at work lust after."

Exhaling, Susan's nervous fingers fumbled at her blouse until eventually it fell open and she dropped it to the floor, her shoes and skirt followed and Jenny stood appreciating this young woman's impressive figure in just her scarlet lingerie. Running her tongue along her lips Jenny plucked a strawberry from the basket, swiped it in the small tub of cream and took a lingering bite from it and held it out for Susan to come over and finish it off. As Susan moved Jenny spoke again.

"No, on your knees Susan. I want to see you crawl over to get this little present."

Without further complaint Susan dropped to her hands and knees and submissively crawled over to Jenny and took the fruit in her mouth, it's sweet taste bitter to her right now. Feeling so powerful with her blonde adversary at her feet Jenny took the opportunity to undo the silk belt from around her dressing gown and shed it, revealing her own splendid figure clad in only tiny, matching, tartan bra and panties. Even Susan had to admit that Jenny was in terrific shape and an incredible sexual power seemed to spread from her. As much as she enjoyed having Susan at her feet Jenny soon pulled her to her feet and their hot bodies were so close that their enhanced breasts were pressed together gently.

Jenny's soft hands caressed Susan's body, squeezing her ass and breasts and soon her head fell forward and as both girls long hair (one blonde, one brown) mixed Jenny's full lips found Susan's unwilling ones and they engaged in an endless kiss. Jenny was doing all the work, her lips pressing forcefully against Susan's and her snake's tongue invading Susan's mouth and tangling with Susan's. Susan could do little but accept what was happening and try not to get into it or enjoy it. But that was going to be really difficult because Jenny surely was a supremely sexual woman and knew all the right moves and all the buttons to press.

Jenny's scent was intoxicatingly sweet and Susan just had to breathe it in as, while they continued to kiss, Jenny's arms stretched around Susan's back and unfastened the clips that held up Susan's spectacular red bra. Finally, their lips separated as Jenny slowly pulled the bra from Susan's body, bit by bit revealing Susan's massive breasts until it fell to the floor between them. That was the sign for the brunette to switch the attentions of her gasping mouth away from Susan's sweet lips and towards her erect nipples. Her lips encircled Susan's left breast and began to suck fiercely upon it, lapping at it with her tongue and also capturing it between her teeth and sensually chewing on it before repeating the process on Susan's right breast and there was no hiding or mistaking that Susan was starting to get turned on.

As Susan closed her eyes and tried desperately to control her feelings Jenny's fingers moved down and hooked themselves under the thin strap of Susan's panties at her waist and swiftly removed them leaving her naked body wide open before Jenny's gaze. And what a body it was, surely built for nought but sex, curves at the hips that delved in towards the smallest shaved strip of blonde pubic hair and a hint of a pink slit at their centre, which Jenny's fingers soon found and set about exploring. Now there was no hiding Susan's arousal as Jenny entered her pussy with first one, then two fingers until she could feel the juices begin to soak her fingertips.

"That's it Susan just relax and let yourself enjoy me, I know what you want and how to give it to you. All men want you but only I can really satisfy a slut like you."

Susan hated that Jenny could treat her and speak to her like this but hated even more that her body was reacting so towards the treatment. It must be true she was a slut. But this evening was not to be about Susan's pleasure, before long Jenny had made Susan strip off Jenny's underwear revealing her own superb naked form (this one with no pubic hair!) and as Jenny reclined atop the bed she opened her legs and ordered Susan to give her 'good head'. With a heavy heart, and an already sopping pussy Susan crawled onto the bed between Jenny's legs and bowed her head and began to eat out her office rival. Jenny was insatiable and Susan spent what felt like hours between Jenny's legs, submissively lapping at her wet cunt and pressing inside to taste the delights hidden inside. Eventually, Jenny came, climaxing over Susan's face, her juices pouring over her compliant tongue. Jenny was not done yet, not by a long shot.

She had Susan spread herself on the bed as Jenny fetched another glass of champagne and some fruit ans as she consumed them she drew a suitcase from the wardrobe, and snapped it open to reveal a selection of kinky sex toys. And Susan was in no doubt that Jenny was proficient in the use of them. She plucked up a large vibrating egg and switched it one and squeezed it tightly inside Susan's pussy, loving to look up on the forced ecstasy on the blonde's face. It was a look that altered as Jenny withdrew a monstrous strap on dildo from the case- at least 12" in length and an imposing width. She took her time strapping it about her crotch, revelling in Susan's bulging eyes at both the egg inside her and the thought of being penetrated by this plastic monster. Jenny clambered onto the bed and on her knees made his way up Susan's body until the phallic object pressed against Susan's waiting lips.

"You had better get it nice and moist Susan, 'cos I'm going to plunge it in that tight asshole of yours in a few minutes. Oh, what's that I see in your eyes Bitch, never taken it in the ass before? Even better, I'll look forward to introducing you to that delight. Now get sucking!"

Jenny thrust the dildo between Susan's lips and teeth and she got to work with her tongue, desperately coating it with as much of her own saliva as she could muster. Jenny gave her a few moments but not nearly enough to Susan's mind before rolling Susan over and lifting Susan's curvaceous bubble butt towards her. Jenny took great pleasure in smoothing Susan's skin and parting her ass cheeks to show her puckered little arsehole. Jenny slid her hips up and forward until the spit coated tip of the dildo pressed against it. She paused allowing the tension and anticipation to build (Susan was shivering in her wait) before pushing hard forward with her hips, driving the dildo deep into Susan with her first thrust and quickly establishing a punishing rhythm of pumping into Susan, relishing the squeals and cries of ecstasy that rose from her. 

Jenny was unrelenting with her fucking, hooking her hands around Susan's bucking hips and using them to draw her deeper and deeper inside and feeling the plastic dick touch the vibrating egg buried inside Susan's pussy through thin folds of skin. The two of them were an animalistic writhing mass atop the bed and it was only much later that Jenny pulled the dick from Susan with a loud 'popping' noise. As Susan lay gasping on her front, Jenny wasted no time to roll her over and without further ado slid the dildo, so recently embedded inside her own arsehole, into Susan's surprised mouth. Jenny knelt over Susan's face and pushed the plastic deep inside her mouth, making her lick it clean and gagging as it moved into her throat, only finally being given relief when Jenny was sure it was clean.
