 would like to thank, angels dirty mummy for the edits, spelling etc that I messed up on...thank you baby... I love you xxx

I awoke early, just as the sun was rising. I'd been awake for hours, but lay there for as long as I possibly could. My husband was fast asleep so unaware of the interrupted sleep that I had endured. I was nervous, I was starting my new job this morning. For 14 months I had been a devoted mother, and tried to be a good wife. Now I was back on the career ladder, and nervously looking forward to it. Secretly I'd craved to get back to the outside world for a long time. I thought I'd enjoy being at home with the baby and having more time for Zak, but things hadn't quite gone to plan. 

The marriage was now in turmoil, some days hardly a word was said between us. Gone were the days of a romantic night in or out. I had given up on the sex issue with him. Constantly I tried to ignite what we once had but was always rejected. So I just carried on caring for the baby and doing wifely duties around the house. Zak had no intentions of getting up to see me off on my first day. The nanny arrived to attend to Ben. For the first time in months I felt like I was going to be someone else, not just a wife and mother.

I arrived at work on time and was greeted by Lucy. She and I instantly hit it off, and had many things in common. From day one we became firm friends. It wasn't long before we were entrusting each other with personal details about our families and ourselves. Lucy was in a similar kind of situation as me, but she was stronger, more passionate, more secure. As time went on we went out together for the odd drink, or for a meal and occasionally saw a film at the local cinema.

Lucy's husband was away for a few days so she invited me for dinner. Even though we weren't going out I kind of dressed up and took along a couple of bottles of wine. We planned it would probably be a late night so I agreed to stay at Lucy's. As soon as I turned up, Lucy complimented me on my outfit. We drank nearly a bottle of wine before dinner, and had got to the girly giggly stage. Still laughing after dinner we settled on the sofa to watch a film. We sat close together sipping wine, talking in between the dull parts. The conversations that took place drifted from bitching about others to our own lives, past lovers, insecurities, sex, the usual things that girls talk about.

I missed this closeness so much. I was having such a good time. Both of us had now talked, cried and laughed. The wine had all gone and we both felt like we'd had way too much. I went to freshen up before going to bed, but as I got up from the sofa I fell back and landed on Lucy. My elbow had hit the side of her face and nearly got her eye. As I went to brush Lucy's hair away from her eye, she held my hand, not wanting to let it go. She stared at me intensely, and slowly moved forward. 

Lucy's lips softly touched mine. I closed my eyes and opened my mouth slightly. We both felt the heat of our breath on each other's lips. Slowly our tongues met, the movement was so soft and sensual. A moment of doubt entered my thoughts, should I be doing this, is it wrong for us to do this? I pulled away. Never have I had these feelings for a woman, never in a million years would I ever of thought I could be attracted to a woman. Although the idea doesn't disgust me, it just isn't normal, is it?

I apologised to Lucy, I blamed the drink, what else could I do. I was confused; I didn't want to tell her that we shouldn't have kissed because in all fairness I did enjoy it. I was afraid that our friendship would be affected and told Lucy that we should talk tomorrow. I decided not to stay with her, and so I called for a taxi to drive me home. I felt awful leaving her there, but I didn't know what else I could do or say.

Zak was surprisingly still up when I returned home. I walked through the lounge door and there he was in his jeans, his toned bare chest facing me. I walked towards him. I wanted him, I hadn't felt this way towards him for ages, I didn't care if I was going to be rejected, I just wanted him. I reached for his hand and placed it on my breast, and pressed it hard into me. He went to say something but I put my finger over his mouth. I undone his jeans and pulled them to his knees, no words exchanged between us.

I pushed him down on the sofa and stood in front of him. I peeled off my shirt, pulled up my skirt and sat astride him. I ran my fingers through his hair and kissed him with a passion that had died years ago. As I sat astride him I could feel him hard against me. I freed him from his boxers, pulled my knickers to the side and sat right on him. I fucked him hard and fast whether he liked it or not, not long afterwards I came and got off him. I wasn't even sure if he had come, to be honest I wasn't bothered whether he did or didn't. Afterwards he asked me what the hell came over me, my reply to him was that I just didn't know. Of course I did know, I wanted to prove to myself that it was men I felt for and not women. It must have been the drink, it won't happen again!

The next day at work I had to face Lucy. She was in the reception area when I walked in. She glanced over and smiled, which was kind of nice, considering I felt like I led her on the night before. I returned the smile and made my way down the corridor. Lunchtime came and went and Lucy was nowhere to be seen. We usually meet up 3 or 4 times before lunch, but today nothing. I finished work early and was just stepping outside the building when a familiar voice called my name. I turned to find Lucy speed walking towards me.

An awkward silence happened when our eyes met. Lucy spoke first saying that she agreed it was the drink, and that we should forget about it before it ruined our friendship. Well what could I say, it was a mistake, I did value our friendship, so I agreed to forget. We walked along the street together and decided to visit the cafe down the road. Over coffee we talked about the night before, laughing about how great the evening was before the drink had set in and made things rather blurry.

It didn't take long before we were actually discussing the kiss. I blushed when we talked about it, especially when Lucy asked if I enjoyed it. I answered her question with another, did she enjoy it. She admitted that it was good. I had to agree, after all it was the softest kiss I had ever experienced. Three coffees later and we decided we were ready to leave the cafe. Lucy asked me if I was hungry, I couldn't deny it, I was starving, but told her I really had to get home. She offered to do a light snack at hers and then said she'd drive me back home afterwards. When we got there she made our snack and a soft drink. Lucy spilt her drink down her top so she went to get cleaned up. When she appeared from her bedroom she was wearing a tight t-shirt that complimented every curve on her upper body. She looked stunning.

Before I knew what was happening I was talking to her about our kiss again, I then composed myself and told her I must go. She walked towards me, eyeing me up like I was some kind of prey she was going to devour. She looked me straight in the eye and asked if I was flirting with her. I don't think so was my reply. At that point she leaned forward and kissed me just like the night before. Her tongue touched mine, once again it felt so soft. I waited for the doubts to enter my head, but they never appeared. Her tongue crept deeper into my mouth. She pulled away and said you're not going to stop me again are you. I stayed silent but shook my head. She leant down slightly and kissed my shoulders, her lips so soft and tender. My fingers gently worked their way through her hair. Her hair smelt so beautiful, a floral smell, and was so soft and shiny. My hand worked its way down her back. Lucy felt a tingly sensation all the way down her spine. She was so sensitive to my touch. Her fingers circled my breasts, lightly at first and then harder. Our eyes met again, with intensity this time. Lucy crossed her arms and sexily peeled away that t-shirt, the t-shirt that made me want her.

She was wearing a white bra that fastened at the front. I undone it and traced my fingers over her nipples, they were hard. I leant forward and glided my tongue over the top of them. I held her shoulders in my hands, and gently pushed her against the door. She let out a sigh, touched my hair, and ran her fingers down the back of my neck. I teased her nipples with my teeth as my hands wandered over her back and belly. My hands reached the top of her skirt, I hesitated, and moved my hands to her breasts.

"Kiss me" Lucy said. I pushed my tongue in her mouth as she switched our places and now I was against the door. Her hands moved underneath my shirt and round the back to undo my bra. I was thinking that she must have done this before because with one movement with her finger and thumb, my breasts were free and were expertly being groped. I didn't question her experience. I was enjoying it too much. I felt her hand on mine, and it was being guided underneath her skirt. When my hand reached her thigh she let go of my hand.

My hand crept to the top of the thigh and worked its way to her bottom. I squeezed her buttock, my other hand slowly went up the inside of her thigh until I could feel the soft material of her knickers. I stopped to look up at her, a grin appeared on her face, inviting me to go further. I pulled my hands away. I whispered to her that I've never done this before. Lucy replied, don't worry, you'll know what to do, just take your time. With that my hands found the zip on her skirt, carefully I pulled it down and her skirt fell to the floor. I kissed her belly, my tongue skimmed over her belly button, then gently circled it. I could feel goose bumps on her skin every time my fingers ran over it.

My tongue found the edge of her knickers. I licked right along the top. As my tongue licked away I slipped the tip of my finger just inside her knickers. I went in a bit further and my finger met her moistness. For the first time groans oozed out of Lucy's mouth. I pulled her knickers down to her ankles, and kissed her where her knickers had touched. I moved lower, she tasted so sweet, my tongue slid as far as it could go, but this seemed to be far enough because Lucy was beginning to enjoy this more and more. My fingers glided easily along her groove.

My hand reached behind her to move her forward. My tongue found her hardening clit and she jerked backward and forward, I moved my tongue gently at first, making Lucy sway to and fro. I sensed she liked this, so harder my tongue went on. I could feel her swell up around it, it wouldn't be long now before she'd explode. Her insides throbbed and suddenly pulses of shockwaves shot through her onto my tongue and through my mouth. When she finished cumming I stood up and kissed her. Her tongue delved into my mouth, and greeted my tongue. She licked and sucked my tongue until she could taste herself no more.

She beckoned me to lie down, and gently held my hands to the floor as she sat astride me. She kissed my breasts, but pressed my nipples so hard with her tongue. I groaned, her mouth was so warm and wet, I could feel trails of heat as her mouth went from one breast to another. She moved lower and released my hands from hers. I felt my zip slowly coming down and felt her tug my jeans off. She stared for a few seconds, which unnerved me, then again tugged at me, this time my knickers were coming off. I saw her lick her lips, and a short mmm oozed from her mouth. 

She parted my legs and ran her hand in between them. Her touch was so soft, it felt like silk washing over me. Her finger slipped inside me, it didn't go in very far, just enough for me to know that my wetness surrounded her. She slid it in further. It felt so good. As that made up a steady rhythm her other hand stroked my clit. Apart from when I played with myself my clit never got the attention it craved, Zak hardly touched me there. Lucy knew that this feeling was fairly new to me. As soon as she touched it, I moaned loudly. I wanted to cum there and then and Lucy sensed this. "Your tongue" I said, "I want your tongue on it...please do it." 

Lucy didn't need to be told again. Her tongue found it immediately, gently poking it at first, then flicking it hard. She waited for me to get worked up a little more, then circled the throbbing spot. I lifted my hips higher to meet her mouth. My insides quivered, and still her tongue pressed deeper. I groaned louder and louder, a bolt of electricity shot through my body, ripping through every nerve that I possess. Lucy still had her tongue down there, feeling every ripple that shuddered through. Only when I calmed down did she move her tongue away and bring it up to my mouth. She kissed me slowly, licking my lips, my tongue following hers across and around my lips. The taste was different to hers, not as sweet, but just as edible. We lay there, our breathing slowly recovering.

I said to Lucy, I really must go now, it must be late. We both got dressed and made our way to her car. We stopped just a few yards from my house. We looked at each other, Lucy leant in and placed her lips on mine. I smiled and got out of the car and walked towards my house. Zak had just finished his dinner. He didn't even ask where I'd been, he assumed I'd worked late. 

That's what it was like, I played the devoted mother, done as much as I could as a wife, occasionally having sex with Zak, and had a secret on the side. Occasionally Zak would ask me why I was late home from work, but he wasn't that bothered. He trusted me, and besides was it really being unfaithful if you slept with another woman? Lucy and I carried on for years enjoying each other's bodies. We met up in all kinds of places, it was our secret and no-one knew anything about it, and that's how we kept it, for no-one in our lives would accept us for tasting the forbidden fruit.