 If there ever was a reason, I don't know it now. My friend was a little drunk...well; maybe drunk is too strong a word but she was definitely half past giggly. Now you only need to know this about my friend; she is gorgeous! And I mean that in the classical sense of the word. She is a dark Mediterranean beauty born in good ol' Oz, the product of an Italian father and an Aussie mother. Even though she's been my oldest and dearest friend since kindergarten I still can't help feeling that little green imp called envy nibbling at my nape whenever I considered her lithe body.

Now I am not exactly ugly either. I have that blond beach babe look that only the best salon can achieve (and I hold a secret hope that the chemicals used to create that image are not carcinogenic) while my boobs are a little over average size and stand up quite well without the support of a bra. My lesser features include a tendency to freckle up in the summer and a rather prominent nose, the legacy of a French background somewhere in my ancestry. However, leaving all that behind, my husband still thinks the world of me. 

But we were talking about Janice. Sitting here on 'Lazy Boy' lounges, in the late afternoon sunshine, sipping Moët like it is lemonade has rather uninhibited us to the point where skeletons are veritably leaping out of our closets. I never, ever knew that Janice had the 'hots' for Gerald. Why, you should see her hubby. His name is Kristoffer and it is strongly rumored that back in the 'old country' he is a Baron. Tall, Germanic, with hair like sunlight he makes my pussy tingle whenever he beams that radiant smile at me, as he is often wont to do. My own dear Gerald is through and through Aussie. Sun-tanned to almost a mahogany color with deep blue eyes that laugh all the time while his body is well muscled from working outdoors on construction sites. He has inherited the deep, rusty hair color of his Irish ancestors and with it, their humor and their temper. How life can play jokes huh? My Mediterranean friend with her dark good looks ended up with the surname Von Ritter while I, with my Franco-Scandinavian looks ended up with O'Toole. Thank God for the Irish though; I wouldn't trade my hubby in for a dozen leprechauns and all their gold.

"He is sooooo cute! I don't mind admitting that watching his buns as he walks makes my pussy tingle." Janice giggled, snorting a little as Moët bubbles tickled her nose. She had lovely legs. I watched as she lifted them, moving to keep her balance while her head bobbed in giggling fits. It was my husband she was talking about in that intimate way.

"Well actually," I sniffed, cocking my head a little haughtily and trying to focus my champagne affected eyes, "I think your man is an absolute spunk. So there!"

" You do?" Her dark eyes were somewhat unfocused and the way she had them wide open made her look like a cross-eyed owl. 

I snorted into my glass at the thought while waving one hand in front of my face as if to erase those last words.

"Well, I don't mean that I have been panting after him, Janice. I'm merely shaying...um...saying that, summing up all the pros and cons, and being entirely clinical and objective..." I paused for another sip, my eyes looking at her past my brows, watching her expression as she waited for me to finish the sentence.

"What?" She squealed, anticipating my punch-line with glee.

"He's just absolutely fuckable."

She stared at me seemingly for ages, a faint smile playing on those full lips of hers. During that hiatus in conversation she brought her glass to her mouth and imbibed a little more of her 'champers.' I was already beginning to wonder if I had offended her when her smile broke like a splash of sunshine. A little toss of her head sent an errant tress of hair back behind her shoulder.

"Would you?" She asked. 

It was my turn to stare. A small trickle of champagne ran down the wrong way making me cough explosively and I beat my breast open handed to alleviate the burning sensation deep in my throat. Recovering my composure, I set my glass down, my eyes still locked on hers.

"Janice, you are my best friend. I would never do that!" 

Even as I protested I felt a deep sensation somewhere in the lower part of my belly followed by a rush of moisture in the well of my pussy. Half-formed fantasies danced in my head, cavorting and capering, nimbly avoiding my attempts to swat them back into the abyss from whence they came. Averting my eyes from Janice, I sought the bottle and grasped its neck, lifting it towards me with the intention of replenishing my glass. Like a hard, thick green cock, I thought as my fingers wrapped around the glass now warmed by the sun. Now where did THAT thought spring from?

"What if I asked you too?"

Now I really DID choke on my 'champers.' Having replenished my glass, I had taken a hefty sip and it all rushed like an incoming tide into my lungs. I broke into a coughing spasm that caused warm champagne to cascade from my nose and mouth, almost falling off the Lazy Boy in my effort to sit upright. Janice rose from her lounge and began pounding me on the back. Her face bore an expression that was comical, somewhere midway between amusement and concern, but she continued to administer rough first aid until the spasm passed.

"What? What did you say?" My voice was cracked and rough from the champagne douche and my chest still ached from coughing.

Janice had her arm around my shoulder, her nicely rounded butt pushing against me as she sought enough lounge to sit on. Her face was close to mine and she wasn't smiling now but her large, brown eyes were locked on mine.

"C'mon Wanda. It'd be fun. Don't tell me you have never thought about it?"

"Well..." Now my pussy was absolutely soaked. I felt a heat between my legs that even Gerald hadn't been able to kindle in a long while. She was smiling, sensing my hesitation, knowing that the little 'horned' me on my left shoulder was quarrelling with the little 'haloed' me on the right. Damn that 'horned' me! Or should that be Horny Me, but she was winning hands down.

"I guess." My blush rose from the breasts upward, but I smiled a secretive, sexy smile as my big blue eyes met her dark browns. "But why Janice? What would be in it for you?"

Even as I asked the penny dropped. She winked at me and her gaze floated to where the boys stood at the far side of the pool deep in conversation, each with a Carlton Crown Lager in their hand. Gerald was gesticulating on a point, his back arching toward us. The way he arched back caused his butt cheeks to clench in a most alluring way. Janice actually gasped, grasped her left breast and stroked it twice before returning her attention to me. My head was nodding slowly as my eyes appraised my husband's posterior. How many times had my hands caressed those twin mounds of muscle? How often had I used all my strength to draw him against me, feeling his hard cock slide so deep into my eager cunt that I would gasp in ecstasy? 

"Swapsies?" I whispered, looking back into her eyes. Her grin was deliciously wicked as she nodded thrice. 

I shifted my glance to her husband. Kristoffer was as blonde as I, with aquamarine eyes that could be warm as a summer's breeze and sparkle like the bay on a mild sunny day. His early years as a professional tennis player had sculpted him into a Teutonic God, lithe limbs with rippling muscle tanned beautifully due to countless hours under the sun. His days as Austria's champion ended upon meeting and marrying Janice. Their move to Australia made sporting headlines around the globe, but today he merely owned a small chain of sporting stores and spent a lot of time in the gym.

Of course my thoughts of having him as a lover dragged my eyes down over his deep chest and hard belly until I was looking at the bulge concealed by his Speedo bathers. They were the skin-tight type often favored by young Italian men and, even dry, did little to hide the equipment. My lust must have shown clearly on my face because Janice's smile widened. She extended her slim, well-manicured hand and I grasped it to seal the deal.

"But..." 

"What?" She lost the grin and looked quizzical.

"They mustn't know." I whispered. This must be our secret, okay?"

Again that sunny smile as she shook my hand again. "Okay, whatever you say, girlfriend. Who's going first?"

It was my turn to smile and I could almost feel my small horny self dance a little jig to my left. I patted her on the knee and gave her a slow wink.

"You offered me first, remember?"

"Okay." Her shrug indicated that she had already thought that would be the case. Rising smoothly to her feet Janice crossed to her own Lazy Boy and flopped upon it, sipping from her drink. We fell silent, content with sipping champagne and quietly appraising the other's spouse as a potential fuck as the afternoon fell lazily towards evening.

* * * * *

Tuesday dawned gray and weeping, though the temperature remained in the high twenties. My first look at the low-slung clouds and steady drizzle caused a frown as I knew any outside activities would be a wash-out at least until well after lunch. Everything in the house was immaculate thanks to my ardent attention to household chores the previous day, leaving me with little else to do than entertain myself. I'm not really a T.V. person and, although I don't mind watching an occasional episode of Ophra or a girlie-flick, I'd much rather be spending my time on something more constructive. My eyes glanced again at my rain-soaked garden where gangs of slimy raiders would, even now, be marauding through my well-tended plants. Soon as the rain stops, I'll be out there with the Baygon, I thought gleefully. The phone rang. It was Janice.

"Hi Wanda. Lovely weather for ducks huh?" I could tell she was calling on her mobile phone.

"Bloody rain." I replied, "I thought it was supposed to be summer? Well at least it isn't cold huh? What's up?"

"Do you still have that leaky tap in your bathroom?"

I hesitated, my brow furrowing at the twist in conversation. "Yes, I haven't got around to calling a plumber yet. Gerald was going to get one of his mates to check it out. Why?"

"I'm driving into town at the moment to do some shopping and have my hair done. Kristoffer is home alone watching a movie. Give him a call and ask him to look at it for you."

"Well, OK." I felt myself blushing as our tipsy conversation of Sunday came back to me. She was setting me up with her hubby. 

"And, Wanda...?"

"Yes?"

"That movie he is watching? It is a brand new porno I bought for him entitled 'Lonely Housewives Revisited' About women alone at home calling in tradesmen and seducing them. I bet he will be horny as hell when he comes over."

"Okay." I didn't know what to say. My legs were suddenly weak and my knees trembled but at the same time I felt a wash of heat in my groin.

"Have fun, Girlfriend. I wont be back for at least three hours."

After Janice disconnected I stood holding the telephone to my breasts and gazing across my yard towards Kristoffer and Janice's house, directly across the road. Gerald was away until Friday at a construction job up north, on one of the new mining sites that was turning into a town. The house was uninterruptedly mine until then, but to invite Kristoffer over and seduce him? I couldn't...could I? My fingers danced on the keypad and I am sure I heard the little horned 'me' laughing wickedly on my left shoulder.

"Hi Kristoffer, it's Wanda. You busy?" Watching a porno, I thought. Probably has his hand wrapped around that gorgeous cock of his. Damn I wish I could watch that.

"Um...Not really. Just taking in a movie." His voice was deep and richly modulated. I felt a tingle up my spine and a new flood of wetness in my cunt. "Would you be a dear and come over? I have this leaky tap that is driving me nuts. I was wondering if you'd look at it for me?"

"Sure. Give me a few minutes and I'll be there."

I hung the phone up, my hand trembling like a schoolgirl on her first heavy date. My heart was skipping and fluttering as if a wild little creature was capering in my chest. Clothes! I needed to find something suitable to wear! I knew I only had scant minutes, but I could change into 'something more comfortable' 

By the time my doorbell rang I was wearing my lime green halter with no bras and a short lemon colored tennis skirt, under which were skimpy snow-white nylon panties that would show off my butt-cheeks nicely. My self-appraisal in the mirror caused me to think, Damn! I look good. I smoothed my skirt with both hands and told myself to stop trembling. God I was so wet! I felt my pussy juices soaking my panties as I opened the door with a smile.

"Hi." I said from behind the door, my head only poking around with a Cheshire-cat's smile that I hoped was dazzling.

"Hello Wanda. Shall I come in?" He grinned and held up a small toolbox for me to appraise.

"Oh, sorry. Of course." I stepped back and let the door swing wide open. His eyes traveled down my body, lingering on my half exposed tits, then down to my crutch before coming back up to eye contact again. It was the way men always seemed to greet me but I didn't mind. Hey, if you got it, flaunt it. Right?

"You look terrific today." He stepped through the door and I closed it behind him.

I took the lead and made sure my hips were swaying -- just a little bit -- as I ushered him towards the bathroom.

"Damn tap has been dripping for weeks. Gerald just hasn't got around to fixing it."

"No problems. I'm sure I can fix it for you." 

I could feel his eyes on my butt. At that moment I hoped he hadn't satisfied himself watching that porno. I stepped into the bathroom and over to the spa bath in the corner. The cold-water faucet was dripping at a steady rate even though I'd tightened the tap as hard as I could. Kristoffer was still behind me so I bent forward, making a great show of pointing out the drips. I knew where Kristoffer's eyes were centered as my skirt rose up high on my hips.

"See. It really does need plugging." I said, innocently.

"Oh yes. It sure does need plugging." Kristoffer replied. I heard his voice had thickened, so I turned my head to look at him and smiled. My eyes glanced down at his sweat-pants and I saw he was bulging. Obviously I'd called before he'd finished his hand-job, watching porn starlets getting nailed and faking orgasms.

"Well then, big boy. I'll let you get to work." I turned and swayed past him making sure my nipples brushed his arm along the way. At the door I turned and wriggled my fingers at him in a seductive little wave. "I'll be in the kitchen when you're done. Come and collect your reward." My lips pouted in a silent kiss and I left him to it. Oh, fuck! I could have raped him right there on the bathroom floor. I was so horny it almost hurt.

The whole task was finished in less than five minutes. Kristoffer had merely turned off the water, routed out the barrel of the tap and replaced an ailing washer. He didn't even get his hands dirty doing it. I stood near the stove pretending to stir a pot I had on very low heat when he entered. He leaned in the doorway and his eyes again sought my butt, unashamedly this time I thought.

"All done. Is there anything else that needs plumbing?" He asked. I smirked and lowered my eyelids. "I think I could always find something that would require a tool" Kristoffer laughed and came further into the kitchen. "You said something about a reward?"

"Oooh yes. Hold on." I opened the refrigerator and reached for a small bottle of Crown Larger, that were conveniently placed on the lower shelf. My ass would be bared for him to scrutinize during the task. As my hand closed around the neck of the bottle I felt Kristopher press himself against me and his warm hand fell gently on the cheek of my ass. "That wasn't the reward I was hoping for." He whispered. I put the bottle back on the shelf and turned into his arms pressing my tits and my pussy hard against him. "It wasn't the reward I was offering." I replied as my mouth sought his.

My tongue slid into the warm cavity of his mouth and I felt his tongue stroking it as we kissed. His hands clenched my buttocks and I felt his hard, muscular cock like a vertical shaft against my lower belly. Still kissing him deeply I reached down and grasped the back of his thigh, rubbing and squeezing as I moved my pussy against his cock. Slowly my hand caressed higher and higher, moving around until that monster of his was under my palm. Fuck, it felt good. My cunt was tingling with desire. Without further ado I thrust my hand inside the waistband of his sweat-pants and grabbed his muscular monster in a firm strangle hold. His hands came up and grasped my tits, slipping them easily out of the halter. His fingers clamped around my nipples and began squeezing and massaging them. God, oh God that felt so good! I slipped his cock out of the sweatpants. Our kiss disengaged and I looked briefly into his eyes seeing the flames of passion burning in them, then I looked down at that delicious cock I had coveted unseen for so long.

He really was a God! The cock I held was much thicker than Gerald's! It was hard as a rock and looked totally eatable. My knees, still a little weak, bent involuntarily and I sank onto them with my eyes firmly fixed on that delicious shaft with its purple head already oozing pre-cum. Sweet joy as my lips curled around him and I felt his cock slip into my mouth. My hand moved on his shaft in slow, gentle strokes as my tongue teased his swollen helmet. His pre-cum tasted like nectar as I sucked on him in short bursts. I knew that if I kept this up it wouldn't be long before he would squirt his load and I really didn't want that to happen too quickly. There were three hours to enjoy him in and I intended to make the most of it.

I released his cock and stood up again, smiling an impish smile. His hands sought my tits while I rested mine on his broad shoulders intending to give him the opportunity to roam. He did. His right hand slipped along my waist and over my pubic mound, then dipped between my partly spread legs. I felt him probe under my panties and then he slipped his index finger into the wet well of my eager cunt. It was as if an angel, or a devil was fucking me. That thick, agile digit worked in and out rubbing along my hard clit as it dipped deep inside of me. I felt an orgasm rising and spread my legs even further, lowering myself to get even more of his agile finger inside me.

"Oh Kristoffer! My God! I am going to cum!" I was gasping, writing like a schoolgirl on her first fuck. 

His face closed with mine. "Hmmmm...Let it cum, babe. Let me feel your hot sweet juices." And he kissed me again, this time thrusting his tongue into my mouth and exploring feverishly. That was all it took, in addition to that questing finger. My clit was electric now and the spasms began deep inside my belly. My pussy lips clenched around his finger as he thrust it in extra deep and then my orgasm swept through me like an electric fire. I gushed. Hot cum flowed down my legs, covering is fingers and his hand. I stood shuddering as I climaxed again and again. 

"Oh my God! Oh, fuck! Oh fuck, Kristoffer! Oh yes. I want to fuck you so bad..." I am not sure if I was in control of the words. They tumbled from my mouth, unbidden as my brain exploded in a splendid array of fireworks; at least a million dollar display of colors going off in my head.

I was putty in this man's hands and he knew it. His hands came gently around my back and I arched against him letting him take my weight. Next I knew my feet were off the ground and he was carrying me backwards until my ass came up against the kitchen table. One heave and I was seated on the edge, my legs wide apart. My eyes dropped down to see his delicious cock thrusting proudly into the air not more than a few centimeters from my gaping cunt. My hot juices were still trickling as he pushed himself against me and that hot, throbbing knob came slipping between my pussy lips, seeking entry into my sweet, pink passage. The first thrust made me gasp in awe. It felt as if a baby elephant was probing me and I spread wider, moving my ass perilously close to the edge of the table to get him all into me. He was supporting me and I knew I could trust him not to let me fall.
