 This is my third story on literotica and my shortest to date. It was inspired by a girl riding a horse at a carnival. You can already see where this is going. Please leave a comment to let me know what you think of this story down below. This has significantly less story compared to my other two.

~~~~~

"Ms. Steele, how does it feel to be the first person to have won the English Derby sprint two years in a row? And also to have those years being the first two times you have participated in this race?"

"It feels absolutely wonderful. But I owe a lot of my success to the people and the horse that helped me achieve my dream. My wonderful steed Arion, my trainer Arthur, my parents, my friends... especially my rival, Sarah. They were all responsible for my success and I sincerely thank them for that."

The cameras flashed to me for a few seconds, waiting for any sort of reaction. When all they got was a quick smile and a wave, they ditched me to turn their focus back to the woman of the hour.

Once the cameras were off me, I gave Avelyn the biggest eye roll in the history of eye rolling. I couldn't believe that she was actually using me to convince the idiots at home that she's actually a decent person who's just insanely jolly all the fucking time. 

"And Ms. Steele, you are famed for always having the happiest of expressions on your face while you race. So much so, that you have garnered the nickname 'The Joy Rider'. What are your thoughts on that?"

"I just love horse racing..."

I turned around and pushed through the exit door of the conference room. I couldn't stand watching her fake her way to the people's hearts any longer. Nobody can be that cheery, like they're always high on crack.

~~~~~

"Back so soon, Sarah darling? I thought you would've come back with Avelyn."

"Of course not, Coach Madeline. We may be from the same training institute, but that doesn't mean we're friends."

"Really? Avelyn told me last week that the two of you made up and were now the best of friends."

"Not by a long shot. Anyway, I must be going. I want to get home before the paparazzi decides to ditch Ms. Popular and ask me how second place feels, two years in a row." I gave a quick smile and headed toward the exit.

~~~~~

It wasn't until I made it back to my car parked near the rear entrance of the stadium that I realized I had forgotten my car keys in the changing room. I knew I could ask Coach Madeline or Avelyn to get them for me, but I didn't want to burden the coach and I didn't ask 'her' on principle. With an exasperated sigh, I trudged for another ten minutes back to our changing room, avoiding the annoying news reporters along the way.

The changing room was seemingly empty, which was surprising considering the fact that the race ended just over an hour ago. Most people loiter around the stadium for a while before they leave, if Avelyn is to be believed. I wouldn't know because I always left immediately after. I was neither interested in parties or the press until I had a gold medal around my neck in a race with Avelyn.

I began my search around the changing room, hoping that I could find my keys without too much trouble.

I rounded the corner and found a pile of riding gear on the bench by the showers. I groaned. Someone was in the showers. And with my luck it would be my arch rival.

I didn't want to touch them but I needed to find my keys, and that was a good place to search because I usually dump my gear on the bench as well.

I carefully moved the gear to the side, not wanting to alert whoever was inside. Suddenly, something dropped out from the pile onto the floor.

I let out an audible gasp when I realized what it was. It was a strap-on.

"What the fuck!"

"Oh."

Across from me, wrapped in a haphazardly tied knot, stood a beautiful wet Avelyn Steele.

"What the fuck is this?"

"It... It's... nothing..." She mumbled out.

Suddenly something else caught my eye. The strap-on didn't just have a dildo attached to it. There was also a butt plug placed a little below that. And further the entire apparatus seemed wet on the outside and the... appendages.

That's when it all clicked in my mind.

"That isn't a strap-on, is it? You wear that inside out... And that was among the clothes you took off after your race... YOU WERE FUCKING WEARING THAT DURING THE RACE!!"

"Shh... Sarah, please calm down." She tried to cover my mouth with her hand, but I brushed it off with my own.

"I can't believe it! No wonder you always had this delirious look on your face during the races. You were fucking getting fucked by a six inch dildo and butt plug WHILE YOU WERE RACING!"

"Please! Sarah, quiet down." She grabbed my shoulders and pulled me closer. Her face now mere centimeters away from mine.

"No! There's no way I co-"

Her lips crossed the gap and met mine. It felt like a bomb of flavor had exploded in my mouth, filling it with the sweetest taste imaginable to the human mind. For a quick second, her right hand reached behind my head, deepening the kiss. And then she pulled away as fast as she rushed in.

"No... no... I... I fucked up... no..." Her initial shock morphed into disbelief and tears started rolling down her face.

She was about to turn around and run away from me, but I grabbed her hand to stop her.

"I won't let you... kiss me like that and just run away afterwards."

I aggressively pulled her back to lock lips once again. This time, I made sure she couldn't escape by slipping my left arm around her waist while placing the other on the back of her head. The force from the pull finally undid the annoying white towel, letting me feel her luscious skin against my arm while her nipples brushed against my t-shirt clad chest.

She resisted me for a few seconds, before she succumbed to sensations we both were feeling. I stroked the side of her body, bringing my hand up to her cute perky boobs and then sliding it all the way down to her soft ass.

"You are a real slut, aren't you? Wearing a dildo and butt plug during a national level tournament. How many times must you have cum that day?"

She was panting heavily from the lack of breath because of that scorching hot kiss.

"How many?" I asked her once again. This time, accompanied by a tight slap on her right ass cheek.

"Ah... At least s-seven."

I pulled her in for another kiss, this time biting her lower lip and pulling back a little bit. That elicited a beautiful moan from my paramour.

"Seven orgasms while riding a horse. And then you wore your soaked panties into a fucking press conference in front of tens of cameras, hundreds of people in the room and tens of thousands of people watching at home. You fucking slut."

I reached down and shoved two fingers in her leaking pussy, moving them in and out first at a slow pace, but then gradually picking up speed.

"Look at this fucking mess. I'm sure even that bath couldn't have washed it away from the race and the conference... Did you cum during the conference, slut? Did you?"

"Y-... ahh... y-yes... mistress." With my other hand, I slapped her ass.

For some reason, that turned me on so much. I planted another hot kiss on her lips, this time nipping at her lip hard enough that blood started flowing out. I licked off the red liquid as it leaked out, the tangy metallic taste only adding to my pleasure by mixing with her sweet saliva.

I quickly pulled back and ripped off my t-shirt and track pants, leaving me in just my light blue colored sports bra and panties. I didn't want to waste any more time with this, so I pulled them off as well and returned to the wonderful being in front of me.

"Mmm... cumming on national television... such a slut."

I picked her up by her waist, with one arm around it and another supporting her by holding up her ass. She locked her legs around my waist. It wasn't that hard to hold her up. She was a tiny thing, barely making it up to my nose. As I held her up, I could smell her lavender shampoo on her light red hair. It was a nostalgic smell, reminding me of the fields of lavender we used to play around in as children before we got into this bitter rivalry.

Her mouth was reaching for my tits, hoping to suck on them like I was her mother and she was just an infant. My nipples hardened at the thought, making it easier for her to reach them. She looked up at me expectantly, hoping I would approve of her intentions. It didn't take much for her puppy dog eyes to convince me.

"Go on..." I nodded at her.

She dove right into my erect nipples, assaulting them with every tongue technique in her arsenal.

"Ah..." I couldn't help but moan. Her tongue took me to another dimension in pleasure, while her hand kept my other nipple company.

I couldn't stand straight for too long and eventually had to lay her down on the floor. She had the most amazing look on her face, a perfect combination of a pout, excitement and lust.

Immediately I spread her legs apart, placing one of mine by her side and the other between her legs.

"My lovely little slut... Do you want to know what it really means to ride some one?"

She nodded gingerly.

I slowly placed my pussy on top of hers, aligning her clit with mine and then started to move back and forth, simulating a ride on my horse.

It didn't take long for us to speed up the pace, leaving us moaning our lungs out, hoping that there was nobody outside the changing room listening in.

I felt our orgasms building. It was like a wave waiting to wash over us with the most pleasurable feeling imaginable. Avelyn gripped my hips, rocking me faster towards that impending climax.

"Av... lyn... Ah..."

I moaned as I felt my orgasm wash over me. But I kept riding until she was moaning as loud as I was. It felt amazing, liquid gushing out of the space where our cores met. I sat on top of her, twitching for a good two minutes until the orgasm finally faded away.

I was exhausted. A national level race, immediately followed by a bout of explosive sex with a hot girl. What more does it take for a girl to collapse from exhaustion? I let myself go as I fell on top of Avelyn. The two of us falling into a deep slumber together while we cuddled on the changing room floor.

~~~~~

I woke up to the feeling of her hands on my boobs. She was smiling deliriously while playing with them, like a baby with her favorite toy.

What the fuck is with me and the baby analogies?

"What's made you so chipper?"

She sighed with a broad smile on her face. "I finally achieved my life's dream."

"Winning the derby twice? I thought once wou-"

She slapped me on my shoulder "No, silly... I finally got with you. I've liked you for a long time and have been trying to catch your attention for some time now. At last, my hard work paid off."

I was stunned. "How long..."

"Oh, since we were about 12, a little while before I joined the horse riding club with you."

"Wait... Did you join... for me?" I knew this was a little presumptuous, but I had to ask.

"Yeah. I think it was when I first saw you race that I realized my feelings for you. I was so impressed by that race you had with your senior, Daisy. I thought if I joined in, I could watch you race from a closer distance than the fence. After I joined in, I realized I had to keep up with you if I wanted to watch you, so I strived hard to get better at it, until I knew I could be by your side no matter what happens."

Once again, I could barely get the words out of my mouth, what with my jaw dropping to the floor.

"Then... you only trained for..."

"You. Watching you ride turned me on so much. You look positively sexy while you're riding. I could watch that ass all day."

"But what about... the dildo and butt plug?"

"Oh those were just because I couldn't touch my pussy while I was riding. Earlier I had to wait until I had finished racing before I could excuse myself to the bathroom for a rub. But recently, the press has made it much harder to do that. So I just follow you at a safe distance throughout the race with them inserted, enjoy the sight of your tight ass." She gave my behind a tight slap. "And then cross you in the last lap so I could still impress you enough to capture your heart."

My whole life fell apart in front of me. The girl I was so intent on defeating was never interested in fighting me in the first place. She didn't want to win because she wanted the hearts of the millions. She only wanted to win over the one heart that didn't like her.

The one heart that didn't used to like her. I'm not so sure how it feels right now.

I turned to my lover, if I could call her that. She needed to know something before this went anywhere.

"Avelyn... You didn't win me over by winning the races. In fact, they pushed me further away from you. I was supposed to be the senior who showed you how to become a star, but you surpassed me. That made me terribly jealous of you and for a time there, I hated you. But what really changed me was that electric kiss, and then this heartfelt confession. Avelyn, I'm sorry I put you through that. I may not be there yet, but I'm willing to give this a chance, to begin to make it up to you for being such a mean green-eyed asshole over the years."

She leaned in and planted a soft kiss on my lips. "It's alright. I don't care how we got here. I'm just happy that we did."

And that's when I found out, someone can actually be eternally happy, because they've found something or someone that makes them that way. It would take another two years for me to understand that she was my someone, but I didn't know that now.

"So... now that I've got you, I can retire from horse racing."

"WHAT!"

~~~~~

Please note that it is NOT safe to insert dildos in your pussy while you're riding a horse, on account of injuries caused by the rough ride. Please do not try to replicate this in real life. This is just a figment of my imagination.