 * Note, this is a stand alone story but it is a follow up to "Adult Education: Lay Me Raw" which can be found here: https://www.literotica.com/s/adult-education-lay-me-raw

*****

I park my car on the street in front of her house. When I turn the engine off, I lean back in my seat to collect my thoughts. I am anxious and nervous and have no idea how I will be received. For three weeks, I've avoided Katherine and spent this time soul searching. Now, I'm ready to face her and see where things lead.

I stand before her front door, take a deep breath, and ring the doorbell. I can hear the soft thud of feet approach the door and notice Katherine's expression fall when she sees me at her door.

I ask through the door, "May I come in?"

She doesn't move for a few seconds then curtly twists the door knob allowing the door to unlatch, turns her back to me, and begins to walk away. 

I quickly enter and say, "Katherine, wait. I have good reasons for my absence. Please don't turn from me."

She stops in her tracks and says, "YOU have reasons. YOUR reasons? Reasons that pertain only to YOU. Never mind how I feel - or felt."

I've hurt her. I never meant to hurt her and I didn't know she cared enough about me to be hurt. I thought she might be irritated, but hurt? No; I hadn't thought of hurt. She peers at me over her shoulder and our eyes meet. I realize there is still something between us and I choose to act upon it. I briskly stride the few steps that separate us and press my body against her back.

"Katherine, I'll explain everything." I say tenderly and push my face into her hair and inhale. 

She feels the heat from my body and the back of her hair and neck being caressed. Involuntarily, her heart begins to pound. 

"I've been thinking and learning and I'm ready, Katherine. I'm not scared anymore and I know what I want. I want you." I can sense her listening to me. Her body is perfectly still but I feel I have her attention. The truth is, I have done quite a bit of growing over the last three weeks and I've entertained fantasies about what I want to do to Katherine, feelings I want to make her feel, expressions I want to watch manifest. I want to behold this beautiful woman in ecstasy and I want to know that I'm the one who made it happen. I move forward, pushing Katherine into a corner in the hallway. Now, she's locked in that corner by my body and I press into her. I whisper, "Katherine, I promise, I'll explain everything you want to know," and I wrap my arms around her waist and push my pelvis into her. 

Using my face and nose, I push her hair away from the side of her head and begin to kiss her neck. I kiss gently and tenderly, using only my lips. When I feel her body soften a tad, I extend my tongue and taste her. I feel the invisible baby hairs on her skin and taste her saltiness. Her skin is so soft and delicate and I want to taste every inch of her. 

Katherine shutters but doesn't try to move from my grasp. She whispers, "You hurt me."

I whisper back, "I'll heal you." Then, I turn her around to face me while keeping her pressed in the corner of the hallway. I stare into her eyes and whisper even softer, "I promise, I'll heal you." Katherine looks at me with perplexing wariness then I boldly enfold her lips with mine and push my tongue into her mouth.

Katherine's immediate reaction is to stiffen again and she raises her arms as if to push me away. When she feels my tongue, she utters a quick wincing-type tone but she can't pull from me and I don't step back offering her room. I continue to kiss her deeply, with wanting abandon and I feel her begin to kiss back. At first her kiss is timid but the more insistent I become, she more she drops her defenses. 

Katherine feels her crotch grow moist and her heart pound and she knows she is in trouble. She pulls her head back from my kiss and whispers, "Don't play with me, Leigh. I've had a lot of loss and I can't take any more."

Her words pierce my heart and it is all I can do not to wince. I have damages to mend and I meant it when I promised I'd heal her; well, at least do my utmost to try. It never occurred to me that my absence was construed as insensitivity. I certainly hadn't meant to be insensitive. I say, "I'm not going to play with your emotions. I've learned a lot about myself in the last three weeks and I'll tell you everything I learned. I'm here to stay, if you'll have me. Right now, though, if you want me to stay, close your eyes."

Katherine closes her eyes and in that instant, I envelop her mouth once again with a deep, passionate kiss. I kiss her as if my soul is pouring from my orifice into hers, filling her essence and making her mine. This beautiful woman who awoke my senses and showed me there's more to be had will soon soar. I press my hand deeply into her crotch and squeeze her clitoral area. She breaks from my kiss, gasps, and looks into my eyes with stormy abandon. I whisper, "Take me to your bed."

Katherine takes my hand and leads me upstairs to her bedroom. I lift her sundress over her head then allow her arms to naturally drape to the sides. Stepping back and admiring this beautiful woman before me, I notice her skin is like rose-kissed milk. I reach behind her, unfasten her bra then, cup her bare breasts in my hands. Her nipples stand at attention with arousal. I lie her on the bed and remove her panties. My eyes fall on her light brown mound of pubic area and I know that soon, I'll be intimately acquainted with it. 

I quickly undress while keeping my eyes fixated on Katherine. Then, I stand beside her and lean forward to caress her legs. After a few sensuous strokes, I part her luscious legs and notice her glistening crotch. With deliberate execution, I kneel on the floor and begin to kiss the inside of one of her legs. I kiss the ankle and breathe in the scent of her skin and slowly, methodically, kiss, taste, and caress her inner leg. She watches with a wide-eyed expression of anticipation. I stop touching her leg when my face nears her crotch. I blow air on her vagina and Katherine moans. I keep my face inches from her crotch and savor the delicate scent of woman and notice Katherine slightly grinding her hips into the bed. Rather than touch her clitoris or vagina, my attention goes back down to the inside of the other leg. I pay identical attention to this leg and savor every delicious kiss. Again, when I reach the piece de resistance; I stop, blow on her hot sex and savor the scent of aroused woman.

I rise from my kneeling position, and begin kissing Katherine's mouth deeply. My tongue caresses hers and I dominate her by not letting her tongue enter my mouth. This is for her - I'm making love to her, laying her exposed and healing her up again. I am in control and wish only to give to her. Judging from her body's response, she likes it. I am resting my weight on one knee and I can feel her try to maneuver my other knee in between her legs. I do not allow this. I don't want to sate the need in her crotch yet. Her arousal is still heightening and this is what I want. She breaks away from my kisses and whispers, "Is this happening? I thought you were gone; that I'd never see you again."

"Yes, it's real. Sh, Katherine, lose yourself in sensation."

Staying propped up on my left elbow and left knee, I elongate myself beside her body and caress her with my right hand. I pay attention to her cheeks, lips, neck, the cleft behind each ear, her chest, sternum, and when I reach her stomach, I raise my hand approximately 3 millimeters above of her skin. I continue to caress, just not touching her skin, and Katherine's tension builds. I caress the area between her naval and pubic hair with the backs of my fingertips then resume caressing with my palm just above her skin. She raises her lower belly to make contact with my hand and I push her pelvis back into the bed. I move my face downward, putting butterfly kisses on her breasts, stomach, and abdomen. Then, I move further down to the area above her pubic hair. First, I breathe on her skin and tease her. I notice her body trembling as if she were cold but her skin isn't cold to the touch. I reach for her hands and hold them. "Are you cold?" I ask. She doesn't respond with words, rather she shakes her head no and clinches her eyes shut. I was right. She isn't cold, she's aroused and I love it. Her body's shaking gets more pronounced and I realize she's ready. She's more than ready and needs to release so I move farther down and kneel in between her legs. I wrap my arms under and around the top of her thighs and position my mouth over her clitoris. Using my tongue, I begin to pleasure her while burrowing my nose in her pubic hair. Katherine's hips try to move wildly but my arms restrain her so that I can maintain clitoral contact. Katherine's back arches and she grabs wads of sheet, twisting and pulling as if the material will help her endure the agony of an impending orgasm. I can feel how wet she is. Her luscious juices are around my mouth and even dripping down my chin. I would love nothing more than to continue sucking her rock hard clitoris but I want her to experience more. I push two fingers into Katherine's engorged vagina and curl them upward. Her torso twists and a moan manifests from deep inside her chest. I continue to curl and uncurl my fingers and suck her clitoris. With my free hand, I reach up and pinch one of Katherine's nipples. That does it. Katherine takes about three more breaths then her body stiffens like a board, her eyes become fixated on a certain spot, and a second later, her body convulses into all-encompassing spasms of delight. I stop sucking her clitoris and continue stroking her g-spot causing her vaginal to grip at spasmodic intervals. Her body trembles each time my fingers curl upward and she gasps for air. Katherine is beautiful and what her body can do is wondrous. Her face, neck, and chest are flushed with blood and she has a faint shimmer of sweat in between her breasts. 

I slowly withdraw my fingers and Katherine curls on her side and draws her knees toward her chest. I scoot toward her abdomen and encircle her body with mine. I think her body may still be experiencing small shutters of ecstasy then I hear faint whimpers. Wiping her hair from her face, I realize she's crying.

"Katherine! What's wrong? Didn't you want to come to bed with me? I didn't cause you pain, did I?" I ask sincerely.

Katherine sniffles a time or two then says, "It's not physical. I'm fine."

"You're not fine. Tell me why you're crying."

"I thought I'd ruined things. I made advances on you and then you left and I didn't hear a peep from you for three weeks. I was sure I'd never see you again and the reason you were gone was mine."

"But, I haven't left."

"I didn't know that!"

"Three weeks is a long time to be left alone with your thoughts. All I could do was critique what I'd done wrong. Or, what I thought I'd done wrong."

"You didn't do anything wrong. The three weeks I spent away wasn't because I didn't want to see you, it was because I wasn't sure I could be what you wanted or needed. Katherine, a lot happened to me when I saw you last. I'd never been with a woman and I was confused. I had to think."

"Exactly, and I drove you away."

"No! That's not what happened." I raise up on one elbow and roll her on her back so that she has to look at me. I brush the tears from her face and with firm deliberation, press my palm into her solar plexus and imagine my body's energy flowing from me into her. "Katherine, you saw feelings in me that I was aware of but didn't know how to explain. You held a mirror up to my face and I'm grateful. I'm twenty-four and have had three male lovers. None of them have been satisfying and now I know why. Those lovers weren't right but it was right with you. I had to decide, could I be anything to you? There's quite an age difference and I didn't know if I had anything to contribute to your life. I thought of you as a teacher, a beautiful older woman, and the idea that you could want me was unfathomable. I came to the realization that I'm no longer a child, I'm a woman too - your equal - and I should act as such. With that attitude, I realized I do have something to offer."

Katherine presses her head into her pillow as if she's uncomfortable and her eyes scrunch together. I whisper, "Talk to me," and she grabs my hand resting on her solar plexus. She holds on tightly like she's drowning and holding onto my hand for life. I see tears trickle from the edges of her eyes. I say, "I'm here. I'm not leaving and I'm going to hold you. When you want to talk, I'll be here to listen." 

"I can talk," she murmurs. "In my mind, I understand what you're telling me but my heart is another matter. I've had a lot of loss in my life. On the surface, I've handled it okay and have my life in order. But, at night, when the house is quiet and dark, there's a loneliness that's unshakable. The loss of so many loved ones has scarred me and every minute of the last three weeks has been tempered by more loss. Well, what I thought was loss, and this time it was by my own hand. I don't normally invite people into my life and I don't normally come onto women practically half my age. It was you, Leigh, I was attracted to you; I wanted you and then I lost you."

I realize I have a lot of making up to do. I underestimated her and that was wrong. I say, "Beautiful lady, I am so sorry. I understand and realize how my actions affected you." I lift her hand and kiss her fingertips. "With all my heart I am sorry and promise never to leave without a trace again. I will always tell you what I'm doing and why I'm doing it. That way, there shouldn't be any internalization. Saying I'm sorry might seem trite but it's the best I can do at this moment. If you give me time, I'll show you that it won't happen again then you'll know I truly understand."

She smiles at me and takes a deep breath. As she exhales she says, "Okay."

"Just like that?"

"Yes."

"Fresh start?"

"Okay." She says and smiles at me.

For a while, we cuddle and savor the serenity of just holding each other. After a bit Katherine breaks the silence by saying, "Three weeks ago you told me you didn't know how to touch me and today you didn't show any hesitation." 

"That's one of the things I've been working on when I was away. I've thought about what was lacking with my male lovers and how I wished they'd touched me. Once I understood that, I fantasized about doing those things to you. If it's something I'd like to have done to me then, in my mind, I practiced doing it to you. That's how I got used to the idea of being with you, I fantasized - and believe me, I thought about you all the time. I also thought about why you liked me and why you chose me."

"What did you decide?"

"I don't know. I didn't solve that mystery."

"Mystery," Katherine whispers and she touches my lips with her fingertips and looks at me adoringly. "That's my Leigh. Always dissecting. Always critiquing. Why does anybody love who they love? Love doesn't have a formula, does it?" She asks more as rhetorical musing rather than a question that needs a reply. A few minutes later she whispers, "Your fingers felt so good inside me."

On that note, I slide my hand in between her thighs and fondle her delicate pink tissue. My other hand cradles Katherine's head and I lean close to her face observing her many expressions. A few seconds later, I push my fingers inside Katherine's vagina and look deeply into her eyes. As my fingers curl over her g-spot I see sexual agony building in her eyes and my heart pounds. I am achieving one of my fantasies: making her feel that delicious pulling sensation deep in her pelvis that's so good it almost hurts and I'm watching every tug of tension display in her face. That beautiful face - and the two of us fall off the cliff of emotion as an orgasm washes through her body.