 The doorbell rang on Friday afternoon and Michelle opened it to see her best friend Kristen standing there. The first thing Michelle noticed was that Kristen looked angry. Hand on her hip, lips pursed, green eyes glaring. 

"Kristen, it's so great to see you, but what's wrong?" Michelle asked her. 

"Can I come in, or are you too busy?" Kristen asked in a terse tone with a snotty emphasis on "busy". 

"Of course! Come in, my dad's still at work," Michelle shared with her friend as she ushered her to the living room. 

The girls sat down on the leather couch facing each other. Michelle had a good idea why her friend was mad. She hadn't had much time for friends lately with school and the demands placed on her by her stepfather. Fulfilling his needs seemed to fill the majority of her free time. Fulfilling hers took up the rest. 

Kristen was taking classes at the junior college just like Michelle, but they didn't have any of the same classes and rarely saw each other. 

"Are we still friends?" Kristen asked. Her eyes filled up with tears and she no longer looked so angry, just sad. 

"Of course we are," Michelle assured her. "I've just been busy with school and stuff and haven't had much time for fun." 

Kristen leaned across the couch and hugged her friend. "I've missed you so much!" she confessed. "So much has happened since I saw you last and I need my best friend to talk to."

Kristen then poured out her heart to her friend. She and her boyfriend, Matt, had broken up. Matt was attending a college in the next town and he had been cheating on her with some slut he met there. Kristen had found out on Facebook. 

"I'm done with guys!" Kristen cried vehemently. "They just use you and move on to the next girl willing to suck their cocks."

"You don't mean that," Michelle reassured her. "You'll meet someone better than Matt and you'll change your mind."

The girls both looked toward the kitchen when they heard the back door open. Rick was home and he walked in on the girls hugging and crying together. 

"Who died?" Rick joked. 

"Oh, Daddy, don't be a dick," Michelle scolded him. "Kristen is going through a tough time. Come on Kristen, let's go in my room so we can talk in private"

The girls went into Michelle's room. Michelle flopped down on her bed and Kristen began looking through the closet. It was a ritual the girls had, trying on each other's clothes. They could share most of their clothing, except for some of their tops. Kristen was quite a bit larger than her friend in that area. 

"I got a new dress at Forever 21. It's the blue one hanging on the right. You should try it on," Michelle told her friend. 

"This one?" Kristen asked. "It has spaghetti straps and the top part looks too small for me."

"The fabric is stretchy. It'll fit. Just try it," Michelle encouraged her. 

Kristen removed her clothing until she was standing in front of Michelle's closet in nothing but her bra and panties. She stepped into the dress and slipped it easily up her long, slim legs, over her curvy hips and flat, tight stomach. When she reached her breasts, she removed her bra and tugged the top of the dress into place. It took a little effort to cover her breasts and pull the straps over her shoulders. 

Kristen stepped back and looked herself over in the mirrored closet door. She pursed her lips and looked displeased. She had always been uncomfortable with her breasts. They grew to a 34DD in ninth grade and since then she had not had a conversation with a male who looked her in the face when he talked. It tended to make a girl self-conscience. She didn't like to wear anything that put her breasts on display, and this dress definitely displayed them.

"You look amazing in that," exclaimed Michelle. "Wear that out this weekend and Matt will eat his heart out."

Kristen continued to gaze at her image in the mirror, trying to see what her friend saw. The blue was a nice color on her and contrasted with her pale skin and shiny, dark hair. Her breasts were barely covered by the dress. Her nipples were just out of sight below the neckline and the firm, rounded edges of her breasts were easily visible on the sides. Would he even notice her in this dress, she wondered to herself. A tear slowly rolled down her pretty face. 

"Oh no, honey, don't cry. He's not worth it," Michelle told her and crossed the room to look over her friend's shoulder into the mirror. 

"You look unbelievable in this dress. So sexy and pretty," Michelle continued to encourage her friend as she put her arm around her friend's tiny waist from behind. 

Kristen turned in her friend's embrace and looked at her. She leaned in and kissed Michelle softly on the lips. 

"Thank you," she whispered. "You always make me feel better."

Michelle was surprised by the kiss. Kristen had never kissed her before, but she had to admit, she liked it. She leaned in this time and kissed her back. This kiss was longer, but still very soft and a little wet as Kristen ran the tip of her tongue along the seam of Michelle's lips. 

The friends pulled apart and looked at each other, both of them afraid to break the silence and ruin the moment. Michelle brought her hand up and ran the tip of her index finger along the neckline of the dress and across the top of Kristen's breasts. 

"I've always been jealous of these," Michelle admitted. "I've always wanted to see you without your bra." 

Without saying a word, Kristen slowly lowered the straps of the dress and pushed the top to her waist. Michelle couldn't speak. She just reached out and gently cupped one breast in her hand and rubbed the nipple of the other with her thumb until the dark pink tip grew erect.

"Ohhh, that feels good," Kristen moaned as she dropped her head back. 

Michelle took her friend's hand and led her to the bed. She rolled the dress the rest of the way down Kristen's legs until she was standing in just her pink, cotton bikini panties. 

"I've seen you in a bathing suit, but you are so much more beautiful like this," Michelle told her as she ran her finger down Kristen's stomach to the top of her panties. 

"But you're still dressed," Kristen complained as she reached out and pulled Michelle's t-shirt off over her head. 

Michelle wasn't wearing a bra. She followed her Daddy's rules even when he was at work. Her breasts were a few sizes smaller than Kristen's but they were high and firm with thick, long, pink nipples. 

"You're beautiful too," Kristen told her. "I've always envied your perky tits and the way your nipples poke out in every top you wear."

Michelle stood in front of her friend in nothing but a baby blue pair of Sophie shorts now. She took Kristen's hands and pulled her onto the bed where she began kissing her with greater fervor. Both girls were getting hotter and wetter as they played with each other's breasts and kissed as if in a frenzy. 

"I want to suck your nipples," Kristen whispered. "I've fantasized about that so many times."

"Yes, oh yes, please," Michelle sighed. 

Kristen took Michelle's nipple into her mouth and used her tongue to swirl around it and suck. It grew harder and unbelievably longer as she sucked and began to nibble. 

Michelle was in heaven with her sexy best friend sucking and biting her nipples. She took the opportunity to massage Kristen's large, round tits in return. The girls sucked and squeezed in rhythm as they began to rub each other's cotton-covered pussies together. Their humping became more furious until they were both on the edge of coming. 

"Touch my pussy, please. I'm so close. Make me come," Kristen begged.

Michelle slid one of her hands into her friend's panties. Her hair there was soft and curly over the lips of her cunt. Kristen moaned as Michelle ran her finger along her slit and opened her for exploration. 

"You're so wet," Michelle told her and gathered some of Kristen's juices on her middle finger and lubricated her clit. 

The girls began kissing again as Michelle rubbed the other girl's clit in slow circles. As their tongues and lips licked and sucked, Michelle began to move her finger with increasing speed.

"Uhhhh, yeeesss," Kristen cried as she squeezed her thighs together and came all over Michelle's hand. 

"Wow, that was intense," she said when she could breath again. 

"That was nothing," Michelle told her. "I want to show you another way to come. It's the most intense feeling I have ever experienced."

"Take off your panties, lay back on the bed and spread your legs for me," Michelle instructed. 

Kristen did as she was told. She propped herself up on the pillows, slid her panties down her legs and spread her legs while bending them at the knees. 

Michelle lowered herself between her friend's long legs, reached out and spread her pussy lips with her fingers. 

Kristen was soaking wet and so pink inside she was almost red. With her palm up, Michelle inserted her two middle fingers into the pretty little fringed cunt in front of her. She found the bundle of nerves she was looking for just inside, on the front wall of her cunt, behind her clit. She began to stroke it with her fingertips. 

"Oh my god," Kristen gasped. "What are you doing?"

"Relax, just lay back and enjoy it," Michelle told her. 

"But it feels like I'm going to pee. Don't make me pee on the bed," Kristen said, sounding a little embarrassed. 

"You won't pee. I promise. Trust me," Michelle reassured her. 

Michelle used the tip of her tongue to run up the seam of Kristen's pussy until she came to her clit. She used her tongue to work the hood back and began sucking her friend's clit while she stroked her g-spot with increasing speed. Before too long, Kristen began to moan loudly again and shake all over. 

"Oh god! I can't stand it anymore," she cried as clear girl juices began to spray out of her cunt all over Michelle's face, hand and breasts. 

Michelle smiled at her accomplishment and crawled up the bed to cuddle her new lover. They rolled into each other and began to kiss and fondle each other again. Kristen lowered her hand to Michelle's shorts and slid it under the waistband. Michelle's pussy was all smooth and wet. 

"Oh wow, you don't have any hair down there," Kristen exclaimed. "That is so sexy!"

"We can shave your hair off too," Michelle told her. "I would love to do that for you."

Suddenly, a knock came at Michelle's door. Both girls jumped apart and scrambled to find their shirts. 

"Are you ladies okay in there?" Rick asked. 

"I made some dinner if you are hungry," he said as he opened his stepdaughter's bedroom door. 

Upon opening the door, Rick immediately comprehended the situation. The girls were flushed, with hard nipples sticking out of their t-shirts. The room smelled like female juices and Rick became hard instantly. 

"What have you girls been up to in here?" Rick asked, eyeing Michelle's hard nipples. His eyes then moved on to Kristen's large, round breasts and then down to her lack of pants, a fact she was futilely trying to cover with the hem of her shirt. 

"Nothing Daddy," Michelle lied sweetly. "Just some girl talk, nothing you'd be interested in."

"I doubt that," Rick replied with an evil grin. 

"Can I talk to you in my room for a minute?" Rick requested. 

Michelle looked at her friend apologetically and followed her stepdad into the hallway and into his room. He closed the door after she entered. 

"What were you an Kristen doing in your room," Rick asked her. "And don't lie to me."

"I'm so sorry Daddy. We were just fooling around. Experimenting, that's all," Michelle cried. 

"Does she know about us?" he asked her. 

"No, I would never tell our secret unless you told me to," Michelle promised. 

"Maybe you should tell her," Rick mused aloud. "She is a sexy little thing, just like you...and those big, round tits! They make me hard just looking at them inside her clothing."

Michelle wasn't sure how to feel about this last confession from her stepfather. Should she be jealous? She was, but she could also feel the juices in her pussy beginning to flow again as she imagined her Daddy with her best friend. Could she share him? After this afternoon, could she share Kristen? 

"What do you want me to do, Daddy," Michelle asked, bowing her head and assuming a submissive pose. 

"Go back to your friend and resume your play," he directed her. "Make her come again like I showed you and then tell her where you learned it." 

"What if she is disgusted and runs away," Michelle asked. 

"That's a risk worth taking," Rick grinned as he shooed Michelle back to her own room with her hot and sexy little girlfriend. 

To be continued...