 THE BABY SITTERS

Isabella and Camila were sisters from Guatemala living in Texas. They were both beautiful young women and although they were two years apart they looked like twins. Isabella was 25 years old and Camila was 23. They had a secret between them that they were both bisexual and lovers. Their light brown bodies were well toned and shapely with nearly identical 35-28-35 figures. They had dark brown hair and dark bedroom eyes. At 5'6" they both weighed about 125 pounds. They were in bed on a Saturday morning when Isabella got a call from a woman who often used her for babysitting.

Cheryl Thompson was a very hot young wife who was married to a successful businessman 30 years her senior. She was 25 years old and they had one baby boy about a year old. Cheryl and her husband had a black tie social to go to the following Friday and she wanted to book Isabella as soon as possible. The sister had no plans for the upcoming Friday so she accepted. She asked Cheryl if Camila could keep her company and Cheryl agreed. Isabella hung up the phone and went back to bed with her sister. They were both naked as they always slept that way in the same bed.

"Who was that?"

"Cheryl Thompson, she wants me to sit for her next Friday. She said that you could keep me company."

"Good, I like her. She is really hot. I would love to have a crack at her pussy. I can't believe that she married that older guy."

"It had to be about money. He is rich."

"I guess. I'm not ready to get up yet."

"Me either, let's make love and enjoy the morning."

Isabella cuddled up to her sister and their arms wrapped around each other. They French kissed and their lovely breasts pressed together. They kissed and caressed each other for several minutes before Isabella began her descent down her sister's body. She kissed the breasts and sucked on the nipples before moving lower. Camila spread her legs and welcome her sister's mouth on her pussy. Camila then swung her body around so the two beauties could pleasure each other. Both of them kept their tasty pussies well-trimmed and had a small tuft of black hair above the vulvas. 

Camila licked and sucked her sister and felt Isabella's tongue play over her pussy again and again. They were making love to each other just as they always did. Camila put her hands under her sister's butt and pulled the hips against her face. They wiggled their faces against their pussies groaned with pleasure, their moans muffled by the other's vagina.

Isabella pulled back just a little and moved her head down a little and explored Camila's slit with her tongue. She found the small firm bud of the clit causing her to cry out. Isabella sucked it and flicked it with her tongue over and over. She heard her sister scream and felt her body go rigid. She continued to flick the clit as fast as her tongue would go and Camila thrashed against her. Camila's body writhed almost out of control but Isabella managed to keep her mouth against the sweet pussy. She sucked and tongued her clit until Camila had at least two screaming climaxes. 

Isabella knew her clit was very sensitive after a climax so she slid her tongue back to her lover's pussy and sucked and lapped at her opening again and again. The sweet juices were very abundant and Isabella drank all of the tasty nectar. Isabella marveled that she was doing this with her sister. 

Their motions became frantic and they licked and sucked their firm swollen clits while their fingers located and stroked their G-spots. Isabella was the first to climax that time and her body bowed up and her pussy slammed against Camila's mouth. Camila sucked her clit and ran her finger around inside her sister's sweet sex. She felt the pussy clamp down on her finger as she screamed out her passion. Suddenly Camila felt a gush of juice against her lips and she moved her mouth down a little and let it squirt into her mouth. 

Isabella's sweet delicious pussy juice shot into the sucking mouth and flowed over the tongue. Camila savored the taste before she swallowed it. As gush after gush shot into her mouth, it made Camila so hot that she too exploded. She cried out in ecstasy and her own hips pushed against her sister's mouth and probing finger. They seemed to feed off of each other's passions and their climaxes seemed endless as they went on and on. Wave after wave of ecstasy shot through their bodies as they soared together from climax to climax. The young women lost count of their climaxes but it was fantastic. They moaned, cried out, and screamed as their bodies writhed and hunched together until they collapsed. The girls lay together for a long time as they were totally spent and drained. They rested as they recuperated from their fantastic series of mind-blowing orgasms. The two sisters cuddled in bed naked in each other's arms. They had never felt closer than they did when they made love. Isabella whispered to her sister.

"We should get up soon and get ready?"

"Why?"

"Rick and Tim invited us over to their condo complex to go swimming with them."

"Oh yeah, I forgot."

"They want us to wear our skimpy bikinis."

"They like showing us off to the others at the pool. I remember the last time all the guys were checking us out."

"A few women too."

"I guess we'll be getting our asses fucked again. Those two can't get enough of us."

"That's okay, I like the feel of cum shooting into my ass."

"Me too."

The sisters got up and showered together. They loved to wash each other's shapely body. Later they dressed, ate a light snack and headed for the condo complex. It was a beautiful day to be by the pool and that night they would be having great anal sex with the guys. Rick and Tim were good lovers and always pleasured the sisters. It was odd because since they looked almost identical, it didn't make any difference which sister Rick and Tim were fucking.

DISCOVERY WHILE BABY SITTING

Cheryl and Harold Thompson had a black-tie affair at the country club on a Friday night and as agreed the sisters would be sitting the infant son. Cheryl gave the sisters last minutes instructions and a time they expected to be home. The sisters listened to the young woman and admired her beauty as she talked. Cheryl was wearing a sleeveless black cocktail dress cut just above the knees. It showed off her lovely legs and shapely body. The couple left the house and then sisters relaxed in the family room. The young boy was sound asleep and Camila, always the adventurous one, decided to look around the house.

"What are doing Camila?"

"I just want to look around."

"The Thompsons don't want us snooping in the house. Where are you going now?"

"Upstairs to check on the boy."

"He's sleeping, it's quiet on the monitor."

"I want to be sure."

Isabella decided to follow her younger sister. She was appalled when she found Camila in the Master Bedroom.

"You can't be in here, get out."

Camila ignored her sister and started looking through the large dresser that obviously belonged to the wife. She searched the dresser checking under the clothes and undergarments and then she produced a couple of items. Isabella was surprised to see Camila holding a vibrator and a strap-on dildo. 

"I had a feeling that Cheryl would need more than her husband to satisfy her desires."

"Put those back and let's get out of here."

"What do you think she does with this strap-on? Maybe fuck her husband in the ass. I'd like her to fuck me in the ass."

"Stop it, put them away."

"I don't think so. I want to see how the vibrator feels."

Camila slipped off her jeans and lay back on the bed. She was not wearing panties as neither sister did. She pushed her tee shirt up baring her lovely breasts and tweaked her nipples. She turned on the vibrator and placed it on her clit. It got her excited and she began moving it in and out and around her hard nub. Isabella began to get excite and she too slipped off her jeans and pulled up her tee. She joined her sister on the bed and they kissed and rubbed their breasts together.

The vibrator worked well and Camila soon orgasmed. Then she turned the vibrator on her sister and worked it on the clit and pussy. It didn't take long before Isabella was cumming too. The two sisters then kissed and stroked each other as they lay on the bed. Isabella heard the boy stir so she got up, got dressed and checked on him. Camila washed the vibrator and replaced it in the dresser. She kept the strap-on and took it downstairs to hide it.

Isabella came back down to get a bottle for the infant. She changed his diaper and fed him. He went right back to sleep. She checked on the bed in the Master Bedroom and saw that Camila had straightened it. She went back downstairs and joined her sister. They watched TV until the Thompsons arrived home.

CHERYL SEDUCED AND THEN TURNS THE TABLES

The sisters were on the family room sofa when the Thompsons got home just before 11:00 PM. Cheryl came in the house alone and addressed the sisters.

"Can you help me get Harold into the house. He is passed out in the car?"

The sisters responded and went to the garage with Cheryl. The three of them managed to get Harold out of the car and into the house. He was dead weight and it took the three of them. They brought him in and placed him on the sofa. Cheryl removed his shoes and tie and opened the top button of his shirt. She announced in disgust.

"Let him stay there tonight and sleep it off."

The pretty wife then paid Isabella and tipped her well. She thanked them both for their help. Camila however had a surprise for Cheryl. Isabella was also surprised by her sister's behavior when she produced the strap-on dildo. She had thought that Camila had put it back. Camila challenged the lovely blonde.

"So, Cheryl, tell us what do you do with this?"

"Where did you get that?"

"Oh, I think you know where I got it. Do you use this to fuck your husband in the ass?"

"You have been paid, now leave my house."

"I liked to be fucked in the ass. My sister does too. Maybe we should wake your husband up and ask him about this."

"Wait, stop, what do you want?"

"Come upstairs with us to your bedroom."

Now Isabella was curious to see where things would go. The three of them went up to the bedroom and the sisters stretched out across the bed. They stared at the beautiful blonde in the black cocktail dress. This time Isabella gave the order.

"Now take off your clothes."

Cheryl removed her dress and hose. She stood there in just her bra and panties. 

"Those too," Isabella whispered.

The young mother removed her bra revealing her gorgeous breasts. She slid her panties off and stood in front of the two sisters. They admired the 36-30-36 shapely blonde and then they both removed their clothes. Cheryl liked their shapely bodies and light brown skin with no tan lines. She smiled at the sisters and challenged.

"Now what?"

"Make love to us," Isabella directed.

"Who's first?"

"Me," Isabella replied with her voice cracking a bit.

Cheryl moved toward the pretty young Guatemalan woman and their bodies came together. They kissed with their breasts pressing together and a thigh between their legs. They kissed noisily with their tongues probing their mouths. Cheryl then began her descent down the lovely body and spent several minutes kissing Isabella's breasts and sucking on the elongated nipples. Camila watched the two of them as she rubbed her pussy. 

Cheryl continued down to the nearly bare pussy and licked it like a cat drinking milk. She probed the moist pussy with the tongue and then ran circles around the erect clit. Isabella was savoring every second of the female love making. Cheryl inserted two fingers into the pussy and immediately located the g-spot. She sucked on the clit and rubbed the firm flesh with her fingers. It was clear to the sisters that Cheryl had been with another woman.

Isabella felt that familiar surge in her loins and she was on the verge of an orgasm. Her hands wove into the silky blonde hair and held the head tightly. She covered her mouth and cried out into her arm to muffle her sounds of pleasure. Juices ran into Cheryl's mouth and she drank in every drop. She tenderly licked the throbbing pussy until Isabella pushed the head away. 

Cheryl moved back and then stood up. Isabella slid off the bed and knelt on the floor in front of the blonde goddess. She nuzzled up to Cheryl's pussy and licked the outer lips. Cheryl let out a gasp but not because of Isabella's work. Camila had moved behind the young wife and was kissing her magnificent ass and running her tongue between the buttocks.

The blonde was like putty in the hands of the two sisters as one ate her pussy and the other rimmed her anus. It was Cheryl's turn to cum now and she held to Isabella's shoulders for balance. The two tongues were just too much and Cheryl felt a massive orgasm building within her. Suddenly the dam broke and she drenched Isabella's face. Isabella licked the womb dry as Camila continued to caress and kiss the scrumptious bottom.

Cheryl was still standing when Camila fetched the dildo. She and her sister put the harness on the blonde and giggled as the 8" rubber dick stuck straight out. Camila went back to the bed and stretched out across it. She opened her legs in and invitation to be fucked. Isabella whispered.

"Now Cheryl, fuck my sister."

Harold was still passed out downstairs but even if he wasn't, he had been forgotten about. The three beautiful young women were savoring the joys of female love. Cheryl moved to Camila and eased the fake phallus into the sweet pussy. As the cock entered the pretty Guatemalan, Cheryl covered the body with her own. The two women kissed and their breasts mashed together. Isabell had knelt down behind the blonde and caressed her curvy bottom as the two made love.

Love making it was, the two women kissed and fondled each other's breasts as the fake cock slid in and out. Camila was in seventh heaven with the lovely blonde in her arms. The constant contact of the dildo with her clit soon had Camila squirming. Her body lifted off the bed and she buried her face in Cheryl's shoulder as a massive orgasm rocked her. She whispered nearly incoherently, thanking Cheryl over and over. Cheryl eased the rubbed cock out of the drenched pussy and stood up again. She turned toward Isabella who was still on her knees. She smiled and said. 

"Suck it, taste your sister."

Isabella did as she was told and took half of the dildo in her mouth. She sucked it clean while the enjoying the familiar taste of her sister's pussy. Cheryl then really got assertive. Remembering what Camila had admitted downstairs she announced.

"Now, I am going to fuck those sweet asses of yours. You first Isabella."

Isabella rolled to her side with most of her lower body prone on the mattress. She rotated her upper body so that she could watch her ass get filled with the rubber dick. Cheryl moved in and pressed forward pushing the mushroom shaped head against the resistant anus. She had to exert a steady forceful pressure and then the flower opened up and the dildo slid in about four inches. Slowly she moved in and out allowing six of the eight inches to fill the passage.

Camila looked on with interest as she loved to see her sister get fucked in the ass. Cheryl reached over and fingered Camila's pussy while she continued to fuck her sister. Every so often she would bring her fingers moist with Camila's juices to Isabella's mouth. Isabella sucked on the fingers and played with her own pussy as her ass was fucked. Another orgasm built within her and she was always amazed how anal sex could expedite her climax. Her body shook and trembled as a massive release traveled through her body.

Cheryl smiled as she moved back and let the fake cock slip from the snug confines. An audible pop was heard as the head cleared the sphincter. Isabella was sated and rolled to her back. Cheryl looked at the other sister and spoke in a firm tone. 

"Your turn now Camila. Kneel on the floor and lean over the bed."

Camila slithered off the bed and knelt on the floor. She leaned over slightly and looked over her shoulder as Cheryl approached her. The fake cock entered her ass emitting a gasp from her. Cheryl reached around and held the younger sister's breasts in her hands. She fucked the pretty dark-haired woman slowly; her own breasts pressed into the back arousing her nipples. Isabella moved behind Cheryl to caress and fondle the curvy bottom.

Like her sister, Camila's orgasm was spurred on by the anal sex and she cried out as she climaxed. The three beautiful young women held to each other as they slowly recovered from the incredible female love making. They moved to the bed and Cheryl lay on her back between the two sisters. The fake cock stood obscenely straight up in the air as they cuddled and kissed. 

Cheryl had only ever used the strap-on dildo with her close friend and female lover Mindy. However, that evening had brought two other lovers into her life and she would have many more future encounters with the beautiful sisters. After a brief rest, the sisters got dressed and Cheryl put on her nightie. Harold was still passed out and they giggled when they walked passed the family room. They all kissed good night and Cheryl gave their bottoms an affectionate squeeze as the girls left the house.