 It was a very hot sunny day in Florida and my only plans for the day were to hang out by the pool and get a sun tan. I moved to Florida about a year ago after my divorce from my husband Steve. It was a very hard time in my life. We had been high school sweethearts and married very young. After giving him the best years of my life the creep ran off with his secretary. That's ok, I got the best attorney money could buy and after all was said and done... Well I'm living in Florida aren't I? Serves the cheating bastard right.

So at 40 years old I still look damn good. I'm 5'4" 135 lbs Long brown hair and hazel eyes. I try to stay in shape by going to the gym and I walk after dinner every evening. Looking in the mirror I run my hands over my curves and admire the woman I see. I strip down and pause to take a moment and tweak my nipples. Sarah, you still got it girl. Just haven't put it to use lately. Since the divorce I've had a couple of dates but they both ended badly and I ended up at home alone with my vibrator again. Oh well, not the end of the world. I threw on my swimsuit and was getting ready to head out to the pool when the doorbell rang. Wow, who could that be, it's the middle of the afternoon. 

Opening the door I see it's my next door neighbor Dianne. She's much younger at 24 years old and is stunningly beautiful. Long blonde hair and blue eyes. I've seen quite a few young men coming out of her home in the wee hours of the morning. 

"Oh hi Dianne, what brings you over here today?"

"Hi Mrs Wiliiams, I feel like such an idiot. I've locked myself out of my house and left my cell phone and everything inside. Can I use your phone and call my mother. She has a spare key to my home?"

"Oh sure, come on inside where it's cool. It's so hot out today."...

Ushering her inside I handed her my phone. She sits on the couch and I sit in the recliner.

" Hi mom, I've done such a dumb thing. I've locked myself out and I left my cell phone and everything inside. Can you bring over my spare key and let me in?"...

"Really?"...

"Oh damn, How long then?"...

"Ok, I'm next door at Mrs Williams house, yes mom, the nice lady next door, please come as soon as you can."...

"Thanks mom, love you too, bye."...

Dianne hangs up the phone and hands it back to Mrs Williams...

"Thanks so much, mrs Williams, mom's at my sisters house in Sarasota, she's gonna leave now and come help me but its a couple of hours away. I don't want to bother you I'll just go wait on the front porch for her."

"Oh don't be silly, it's much too hot to wait outside, you can stay here and wait for her."

"Oh thanks so much Mrs Williams, I really wasn't looking forward to waiting outside in the heat."

"Enough of this Mrs Williams stuff, I'm no longer married and that makes me sound old. You can call me Sarah."

"Alright...Sarah..."

"Would you like something to drink?"

"Sure whatever you have."...

Off to the kitchen I go to get drinks. I notice shes kinda staring at my ass as I walk away. I take a quick glance back and she turns away. Is it my imagination? Why would she be staring at my back side. Ive seen the men coming out of her house. And besides I've really never thought about women in that way before but I must admit that its nice to be admired even if it is by another woman. Stop it, I have to get those thoughts out of my head. I pour two glasses of wine and return to the living room.

"Here you go "...handing the glass to Dianne. "So how have you been? havent seen you around much lately?"

"Pretty good..I guess..Ive been pretty busy between work and trying to get my life together. I broke up with my boyfriend about 6 months ago and things have been...well, a bit crazy."

Yeah crazy isn't the word for it, I'd say more like horny and making up for lost time...

"Oh...well I'm sure everything will work itself out, it just takes time."

"Aww thanks mrs...umm I mean Sarah. You're right, I'm sure it will."

"There you go...cheers"...

We clinked glasses and sipped our wine.

" Hey I was gonna lay out by the pool and maybe go for a swim. You wanna join me?"

"I don't have a swimsuit and I don't want to be any bother to you."

"Oh don't be silly...you can wear one of mine and besides, I could use the company."

"Well ok then I guess so."

"Great, stay here and I'll go get it for you."...

I head upstairs to find a swimsuit for Dianne. I feel giddy as I go. Sarah, get ahold of yourself. It's not a good idea. She's your next door neighbor. Why am I feeling this way. Is it the wine? No way, I've only had one glass. Then what? You're not a lesbian. Let it go. I feel inside of my swimsuit and my pussy is wet. Holy crap, look at the affect she is having on me. I shake my head...NO...back to reality girl. I find a nice swimsuit for her and return downstairs...

"Here you go dear, we are about the same size, this one should work. Put it on and I'll be out by the pool."...

I leave and let her put on the swimsuit in private. A few moments later she appears wearing the swimsuit. 

"Oh it fits you well, you look great."... 

Actually she looks good enough to eat.

"Thanks, Sarah." 

"So what do you think of the place. I love the high privacy fence and all the flowers back here. It's my sanctuary."

"It's very nice Sarah, I wish I had a pool."

"Well you can come over anytime you want and use it. Sooooo now that your boyfriend is history what do you do to keep from being lonely?"

...Oh Sarah, what a stupid question. She has to know you see the men coming and going. 

"Well...I keep busy and try not to think about him. I'm actually enjoying my new found freedom. It's rough cause I do miss him."

...Yeah I miss him...NOT...

"Yeah I know...it's rough but give it time. Man it's hot I think I'm going for a dip in the pool. You coming in?"

"Naw, I think I'm just gonna lay out for awhile."

"Ok, suit yourself but I'm goin in."... 

I get up and walk to the edge of the pool. Again I see her staring at my ass. Really? This couldn't be my imagination. I glance back and again she abruptly looks away. Ok, now I know she's staring. Hmmmm, I think I'll give her something to stare at. I undo the back of my swimsuit top and let it fall into my arms then toss it aside. Then I bend over and slide the bottoms over my buttocks and step out of them leaving me standing there naked. Looking back I see she is somewhat astonished at what she sees not knowing really where to look. I can tell she doesnt want to stare but cant look away. I toss them onto the pool deck and stand there a moment letting her get a good view of my body as I turn and dive into the pool. I swim to the other side and back to the shallow end leaning my elbows on the side of the pool and looking right at Dianne. 

"Wow...this feels exhilarating. Have you ever been skinny dipping Dianne?"

"Ummm yeah a couple of times."

"You should try it now. Come on in, it feels wonderful."

"I dunno...what if someone sees us? We are outside and..."

"Oh don't worry dear... No one can see, I have a huge privacy fence."

"Well, ummm, ok I guess." 

Dianne stands and removes the top first and then the bottoms and walks to the side of the pool. I notice she has small perky breasts and she shaves her pussy. I'm feeling very aroused. She dives in and swims a short distance to one of the sides...

" Wow, it does feel nice."

"See, I wouldn't lie to you." 

She starts to relax and swims nearby. We are both standing in the shallow end near each other. There is a bit of nervous tension in the air. So I splashed water at her face. 

"Oh no you didn't."...

she's splashes me back. We are laughing and splashing about and start to wrestle. She grabs me around the waist but I hook under her arms and trap one arm behind her. She struggles but I'm stronger and start to walk her to the edge of the pool. I force her back and our breasts are mashed together. She is pinned. 

"I give up Sarah, I give."

"Yes you do Dianne."...

I lean forward and kiss her full on the lips. She's hesitant at first but then begins to kiss me back. Her lips part and our tongues meet. We kiss passionately for what seems like an hour but in reality is only a few minutes. I can feel her heart pounding. I put my tongue to her ear and whisper. 

"Lets go inside and get comfortable."

In a low voice all she said was. "Ok."

We walk up the pool steps hand in hand. I grab a towel and dry her off. We go inside and up to my bedroom. I pick her up and lay her on my bed. 

"Sarah, I've never done this before."

"It's ok sweetie, neither have I." 

I kiss her again passionately as I begin to caress her left breast. She starts to moan. I kiss her neck and move down and lick each nipple. She shifts slightly under my touch as I move my hand slowly down her belly until it reaches her clit and I begin to circle and rub it.

"OH Sarah, that feels wonderful please don't stop."

"Oh Dianne, you're so wet."...

I slowly insert my middle finger and begin to move it in and out. She lets out a soft moan as I remove my finger to taste her juices. 

" Mmmmmm you taste so good." 

I put two fingers inside of her and she starts to gyrate on them.

"OMG...Sarah...that's it...FUCK ME." 

She starts humping my hand like it was a cock. I'm shoving my fingers in and out of her while licking her clit.

"Aayyyeeeeeeeeeee ...Oh god Sarah keep going, don't stop."

Faster and faster I'm shoving my fingers in and out of her while licking her clit. She grabs my head and forces it down on her.

"OH GOD...that's it...eat my pussy Sarah. I'm almost there."

Faster and faster I go while slurping up her pussy juices.

"That's it, that's it...OH GOD SARAH...Im almost...almost...al...Yesssssssssss... IM CUMMMMMMMING."

She's shaking and grabbing my head while she holds it hard against her pussy. A moment passes and she lets go of my head.

" Wow Sarah, that was fantastic." 

She leans up and we kiss. 

"Sarah, I want to make you feel that way."

She pushes me back and climbs on top. She nuzzles my neck and gives me soft kisses while slowly moving down to my breasts. I'm feeling tingly all over. I've never been so aroused. She starts sucking my left nipple while working her right hand down to my wet pussy. She rubs my clit between her thumb and forefinger and I think I'm about to lose my mind. My breathing is labored and I begin to moan. Softly at first but then louder and more often.

"Oh Yes baby, that's it. Right there."...

She starts licking my clit and fingering me hard. It feels so right. I know it wont be long until I cum. 

"Oh god yes, don't stop, don't ever stop." 

I feel my orgasm welling up inside of me and I'm about to explode. 

"Right there, just a little more...OMG...oh yes...I'm soooo close...oh sweetie...oh god I'm cummmmmming."...

She forces her fingers way up Inside of me and hits my G-spot. I scream and hold her hand there just as tight as I can. I'm moaning, shaking, quivering and holding her tight.

" Oh Dianne, that is by far the best orgasm that I have ever experienced. OMG girl, that was awesome!"

...I'm starting to come back to earth from from this mind blowing experience when I hear...

"Dianne?"..."What the"..."What are you doing in bed with Sarah?"...

Startled Dianne jumps up and tries to cover herself.

"Mom?"..."OMG, mom, I was, ummmm oh, I'm so sorry mom."

"Its ok dear, Don't worry about it "...she's says with a snicker..."You see Sarah, I told you she would be up for it!!"

"Oh Mom...arrrrrrrggggghhhh!"

THE END?