 As I slowly woke from my slumber the first thought in my mind was that I was incredibly horny. This was nothing new as my libido had been in overdrive lately. What was somewhat surprising was that I had spent an hour the night before fucking my needy pussy with my longest, thickest dildo. Monster Max, as I called it, had gotten me off so many times by the time I drifted off to sleep I was lying in a puddle of my own juices. Now my insatiable pussy was wanting more. I opened my eyes, squinting at the bright, filtered sunlight filling the room. With my daughter at her father's house for the weekend I had no responsibility, and no reason to get out of bed. I spied Max on the bedside table, the 10" flesh-colored fake cock, by the far the biggest I had ever had inside me, real or fake, was calling to me. With a mind of its own, my hand snaked between my legs, fingers dancing over my sensitive clit. I felt my nipples stiffen and the heat in my pussy grew quickly, my juices beginning to flow. I slid two fingers deep inside, a moan escaping from my lips as I penetrated myself. I pumped my fingers in and out of my pussy and could feel an orgasm building quickly. I reluctantly pulled my fingers out and brought them to my mouth, sucking them in. The sweet taste of my juices filled my mouth as I cleaned my fingers. This had become a ritual of my masturbation recently, always tasting my juices from my fingers or toys. It was naughty and made my mouth water for a pussy to lick, something I hadn't done for 15 years since my college days. 

When the last remnants of my juices were gone from my fingers I forced myself out of bed, teasing myself to wait for that impending orgasm. I threw an old, battered t-shirt over my naked body and went downstairs to make coffee. My ex-husband and I had been divorced now for nearly a year, but the weekends alone hadn't gotten any easier. His every-other-weekend visits with our 6-year old daughter gave me a chance to have some "me" time, but I always looked forward to her returning Sunday evenings. That "me" time lately had become more and more sexual. I wasn't ready to begin dating, but I sometimes would go out prowling, looking for a hook-up. That hadn't happened yet, mostly because I hadn't found anyone I trusted. And I wasn't looking exclusively for a man. I had enjoyed the sex I had with other girls in college and I decided if the opportunity presented itself again, I would take it. The internet was a great source of photos, videos and stories featuring girl-girl sex, and fueled most of my recent fantasies. A video of two girls using a large dildo on each other is what got me started last night before my session with Max. 

I started coffee and opened the blinds. It was later than I normally slept and as I peered outside I could see many people were busy outside with their daily activities on this bright, September day. I poured my coffee and sat down on a chair in my living room, basking in the light streaming in. The sunlight on my skin warmed me, raising my external temperature to match the heat that was still radiating from deep inside my pussy. I caught a flash of movement from outside and a few seconds later the doorbell rang. I wasn't expecting anyone and had no idea who would it could be. I reluctantly left my cozy chair and glanced out the window. It was a teenage girl, probably selling something I figured. She had shoulder length blonde hair and her lithe, firm body was very evident in her tight, white shirt and tight shorts. My first impulse was to ignore her, but as I quickly scanned her tight body one more time I decided to invite her in. I smiled to myself at the naughty thoughts running through my head and walked to the door. 

My t-shirt barely covered my ass, so I stretched it down to try to cover me as much as possible and opened the door. The young girl smiled and started into her sales pitch right away. "Hi, I'm Jenna", she said as she smiled up at me. "Our school band is trying to raise money for a trip to New York City and I was hoping you would buy some candy from me to support us." At least I think that's what she said. I was looking at her deep blue eyes, soft skin and pouting lips. I focused on not letting my eyes roam over her body, but her cute face was enough to distract me from what she said. 

"Hi, I'm Beth. Why don't you come in and tell me more about your trip and what you are selling?" I asked. 

"We aren't supposed to go into anyone's house," she answered. 

Smart. Someone had prepared them well. "Well, it's just me, and I would like to buy something but I really do want to know more. Also, I've been looking for a babysitter for my daughter. Do you ever do babysitting?" That wasn't a lie, but I hoped that would help ease her concerns about entering. 

"Yes, I babysit," she replied. "I guess I could come in for a couple minutes." 

She stepped through the door and I caught a scent of vanilla as she passed me. She smelled so sweet and fresh. "You smell wonderful" I said as I looked at her tight ass in her short shorts. "Thank you," she answered and turned to face me. I quickly lifted my gaze to her face and asked her to come in and sit down. I went back to the seat I vacated earlier and sat very carefully, aware that I had nothing under my t-shirt. Jenna sat on the couch facing me and instantly started telling me about the band trip, where they would be playing, the cost, etc. She was adorable and obviously very excited about the trip. I was equally excited, and hoped my hard nipples poking through my shirt didn't give that away. My mind was racing. Did I dare try to seduce this girl? What if she rebuffed my advances? I didn't hear a word she was telling me. 

"Can I give you some money to support your trip without buying candy?" I asked. 

"I guess so," she replied. I got out of my chair and walked to the kitchen to retrieve my purse. When I came back in the room, I sat down on the couch beside her. Our legs brushed as I sat down and the feel of her smooth skin against me was like an electric shock going through my body. I pulled out my wallet and offered her two 20s. "Would this help?" I asked as I looked deeply into her eyes. 

"Oh my gosh, yes. Thank you so much," she gushed. I placed my purse on the floor, turned slightly toward her on the couch and brought my right knee up. I had a feeling if she glanced down, she would be able to see my bare pussy and I was hoping she would look. I reached out and touched her arm and asked about her babysitting experience. She relayed that she had been babysitting for families in the area for five years and told me about some of the kids and her experiences. The whole time she talked I was lightly stroking her arm. 

"It sounds like you are very qualified," I interjected when she paused. "My daughter, Sara, is six. She is at her dad's house now so you can't meet her, but I think the two of you will get along great. I've been trying to find someone dependable and trustworthy. And I think I've found the right person. I would like to get to know you better though, before having you babysit." 

"Sure, what else would you like to know?" she asked. 

"Well, for starters, how old are you? You said you've been sitting for five years. What are you taking in school and what are your plans after high school?" 

"I turned 18 last month," she said, and I smiled to myself. "I'm a senior and still deciding on colleges. I'd like to study music but my parents want me to study something more practical." 

"Parents are like that," I said. "They just want to make sure you are doing what's right for your future. I'm a big believer in following your dreams, and always doing what feels right. If you find something you are passionate about, then you should go for it. We'll see if I feel that way in 10 years when Sara wants to do something I don't agree with!" 

"Do you have a boyfriend?" I asked. 

"No, I did, but he was a jerk," Jenna said as she shifted uncomfortably. 

"I'm sorry to hear that. Lots of guys are jerks. That's why I'm not married anymore. High school guys can really be jerks. It wasn't that long ago that I forget what they were like. What about a girlfriend?" 

Jenna looked at me quizzically and then smiled shyly. "No, I don't have a girlfriend either." 

I held her gaze as we tried to read each other. "I'm sorry, I didn't mean to embarrass you Jenna. I know lots of girls now are much more open about relationships with other girls. That is different from when I was your age. Girls did it when I was in high school and college, but weren't open about it. Is it something you've ever done, or thought about?" 

Jenna nodded her head slightly. I felt my heart pounding in my chest and I hoped she couldn't smell my overheated pussy. "Which is it Jenna? Thought about it or done it?" 

She dropped her eyes and gasped slightly. I realized she was staring between my legs. There was no turning back now. I shifted slightly and spread my legs wider giving her an unobstructed view of my very wet pussy. "Which is it Jenna?" I asked again. 

Without looking up she answered. "Thought about it a lot. One of my friends and I have kissed. That's all I've done." 

"Did you kiss more than once with your friend? Did you like kissing her?" I asked. 

"We've done it a bunch of times, and I really like kissing her. She smells so good, her lips are so soft and she's a really good kisser." 

I reached out and put my fingers under her chin, lifting her face to look at me. Her face was flushed and I could see her chest rising and falling as she breathed heavily. "Kissing a girl is so much better than kissing a boy," I stated as I looked into her eyes. "I've always liked kissing girls better than boys." 

"Really?" she asked. "But you were married." 

"Yes, but that doesn't mean I liked kissing him more than girls," I replied. "Maybe that's the reason, or part of the reason, why we aren't married anymore. When you kiss your friend how does it make you feel?" 

"I get tingly all over." 

I took a deep breath and then I went in for the kill. "Does it turn you on to kiss your friend Jenna? Does it make your pussy wet?" 

She let out a small moan and answered in a whisper "Yes." 

"If it turns you on, why haven't you done anything else besides kiss her?" 

"Because I'm afraid of how she'll react. I've been waiting for her to start something, but she hasn't." 

I didn't respond. We just looked at each other for what seemed like an eternity, but probably was just a few seconds. I brought my right hand up to her cheek, softly touched her and at the same time put my left hand on her thigh and began caressing her smooth skin. Without saying a word, I slowly leaned into her and kissed her lips softly. Not just a peck, but not too long as I only lingered for a few seconds and then pulled back. 

"Did you like that Jenna?" She nodded affirmatively. "Would you like me to kiss you again?" Another nod. 

I leaned in again and our lips touched. Her soft moan was almost enough to make me cum. This kiss was more insistent. When she felt my tongue on her lips she opened her mouth and soon we were kissing deeply, our tongues teasing one another. I slipped my right hand behind her head, pulling her to me, letting her know she wasn't going anywhere. My left hand slid higher on her bare thigh, my fingertips stopping at the edge of her shorts. I lightly caressed the inside of her silky thigh, teasing her, wanting to go higher but not wanting to go too fast. 

I broke our kiss and leaned back slightly, watching as Jenna's eyes opened, her wet lips still parted and I smiled at her. "Are you tingly all over now?" I teased. She bit her bottom lip and nodded. 

"Me too," I said. "You are absolutely gorgeous Jenna, and kissing you has made me so wet. Do you want to stop?" 

"No," she answered emphatically. 

"Good, I don't want to stop either. I want to kiss you, touch you, taste you. I want to make you feel so good. I'm going to make you cum harder than you ever have in your life." 

Jenna gasped at that comment. I didn't give her a chance to think or respond. I leaned in quickly and kissed her again, my tongue sliding into her mouth forcefully. She was moaning into my mouth now and I breathed in deeply as we kissed, her vanilla scent, now mixed with the unmistakable aroma of female arousal, filled my nostrils. My right hand slid from behind her neck, across her shoulder and onto her chest, and at the same time, I brought my left hand up and both hands cupped her breasts. She jumped slightly at my first touch and then whimpered into my mouth as I began fondling her firm, young tits. I could feel her hard nipples through her shirt and bra and teased them with my fingers, rubbing and gently pinching. I could feel her chest rising and falling as she began breathing more heavily. I continued to fondle her boobs as our kiss lingered for minutes. Eventually, I pulled my lips from hers, and moved to the hollow of her neck, kissing and licking this erogenous zone. Then my teasing tongue leisurely moved to her ear and I licked and sucked on her delicate earlobe. My hands continued to massage her perfect teenage boobs and, between licks, I whispered in her ear "I want to teach you how good it is to be with a woman. Before we go on, I want to hear you say it. I want you tell me you want this as badly as me. Tell me what you want Jenna." 

"God, please don't stop. I've never been this horny before," she moaned. "I want you to teach me. I'll do anything you want." 

"Anything Jenna, are you sure?" Then I pushed her limits with what I asked next. "Will you be my little lesbian slut Jenna?" 

"Yes, I'll do anything you want. Anything." 

I wasn't sure how she would respond to me calling her a lesbian slut. Probably not smart on my part, but it worked out. I pulled away and smiled at her. "It's time for me to see your beautiful body. Stand up and strip for me." 

She slowly got off the couch and stood in front of me. I was shocked when I saw a wet spot on her light blue shorts. I couldn't wait to see, and taste, the source of that stain. I watched as she reached down and grabbed the bottom of her shirt and lifted it over her head. She had on a cute little yellow cotton bra that was perfect for her body. She quickly reached behind her back, undid the clasp and the straps slid down her arms and she dropped her bra to the floor. She reached up to cover her tits with her hands. "I wish my boobies were bigger," she pouted. She was probably a large A cup or small B cup. 

"They are perfect for your body right now Jenna. Trust me, they will grow over time. Right now, I can't wait to tease your hard nipples with my tongue. Would you like that?" 

"Oh God yes," she moaned. 

"Keep going. I want to see all of you." 

She lowered her hands to her shorts and in an instant her shorts were around her ankles. She had yellow bikini panties that matched her bra, and the huge wet spot on them made them almost transparent. I could clearly see the cleft of her pussy through the thin, soaked material. She hesitated briefly, then hooked her fingers into the waistband and a moment later her panties joined her shorts on the floor. She stepped out of both as my mouth watered at the sight of her ripe pussy. She was smoothly shaved, and her lips were swollen and bright pink. I couldn't wait to dive in. 

As I ogled her young body I could feel my own pussy leaking. "You are beautiful Jenna. Turn around and let me see your ass." 

She did as I asked, and when I asked her to bend over she did that also, exposing her thin labial lips and puckered rosebud to my view. 

I reached out my hands and told her to come to me. She turned and stepped close. I slid my hands onto her hips and slid them up her body to cup her perky tits again. Then I slid forward on the couch and sucked her right nipple into my mouth. I used my lips and tongue to tease the hard nub, and then moved to the left to do the same. Back and forth I went, teasing, licking, sucking. Her tits and nipples were quickly covered with my saliva. I couldn't get enough of her firm little tits. 

As I continued to devour her boobs my hands slid down and around her, onto her tight ass. I squeezed and caressed, and reluctantly left her tits as I slowly began kissing my way down her body. I stopped briefly to tease her navel, but quickly continued south toward my ultimate goal. I slipped off the couch onto my knees as my lips moved across her faint tan line. I took a deep breath and inhaled the smell of her sultry pussy and a second later my tongue slid between her legs and delved deeply into her silky folds. 

"Oh fuck," Jenna moaned as I began to eat her. My tongue slid deep inside her as her juices seeped into my mouth and on my face. Eager to explore her, I slid my tongue out, licking all over her juicy slit and gently sucking on her enflamed lips. I moved to her clit briefly, teasing her with a few flicks of my tongue, before pushing my tongue back into her sizzling pussy. I felt Jenna's hands on my head, pulling me into her as she started grinding on my face. "Fuck my pussy with your tongue Beth," she implored. So much for the sweet, shy girl I thought! "God, don't stop. I'm going to cum so fucking hard. I'm going to cum all over your face!" 

With that, Jenna pulled me harder into her spasming pussy and let out a loud shriek. I felt her knees buckle momentarily as she flooded my face with her juices. I lapped up as much of her sweet nectar as possible, but felt her gushing juices dripping off my chin and sliding down my neck. I continued licking as her orgasm consumed her. As she started to come down and relax her grip on me, I moved my tongue from her dripping hole to her swollen clit and slid my middle finger deep inside her tight channel. The tip of my tongue was a blur on her clit as I finger fucked her hard and deep. I found her g-spot as my lips closed around her clit and I began to suck. Seconds later another orgasm hit her hard. Jenna's entire body shuddered and she screamed as she flooded me again, her juices running down my hand and arm. I couldn't tell if it was a squirt or if she just got incredibly wet. Either way, she drenched me again, and I loved it. 

Her fingers were entwined in my hair and now she pulled me away. "No more, please, I can't take any more right now," she gasped. I slid my finger out of her oozing pussy and brought it to my mouth to suck up her sweet essence. I looked up at her as I licked and sucked my fingers. She was staring down at me, seemingly mesmerized by what I was doing. "You taste so fucking good. I want every drop." 

"Your face is covered with my juices. I didn't know I could get that wet or cum that hard. That was amazing." 

"I told you I was going to make you cum harder than you ever did before." 

"You definitely did that," she said. 

I looked deeply into her big, blue eyes as I knelt before her sucking her cum off my finger and hand. She was so cute, and looked so young. I couldn't believe I had just licked her teen pussy. I stood and leaned in to kiss her, letting her taste her pussy on my lips and tongue. Jenna's hands found my tits as we kissed and it was my turn to moan. When she pinched my sensitive nipples I thought I would cum without ever having my pussy touched. I could feel my pussy leaking, juices trickling down the inside of my thighs. I stepped back and pulled my shirt over my head, exposing my naked body to her for the first time. As her eyes scanned my body I put my hand behind her head and pulled her mouth to my left breast. She instantly latched on to my long, hard nipple and began sucking. "That's it baby, show me how much you love my tits," I hissed. I moved her head to the right nipple where she continued sucking. Back and forth she went, kissing, licking and sucking. I watched her cheeks hollow as she sucked hard, pulling and stretching my nipple. As she moved to the other nipple I felt her hand slide between my legs. 
