 "Come on Beth, it'll be fun! Mike would love to see you in this stuff!" my best friend Jess squealed as she grabbed my arm and pulled me towards Down Under, the kinky sex shop we were passing. "No Jess! There's no way I'm going in there!" I looked in the window at the leather thongs, fishnets and whips, right under a big sign that said "Clearance - all whips 50% off". I laughed and said "Absolutely not..."

Five minutes later the two of us were walking into the new shop looking quickly from side to side at all the dildos, lingerie, pictures and videos lining the walls. "Okay Beth... we're gonna find you something nice to show him okay?" she laughed. I turned towards the closest rack and saw two guys standing about 10 feet away watching us. I could feel his eyes scanning our 18 year old bodies. They traveled up my bare legs to the bottom of my short blue dress, which was just tight enough to be tempting but not enough to be revealing. My long blond hair was loosely gathered in a bun and whisps framed my slim face. I looked at Jess, as he did and saw her leaning over in her slim leather pants which showed off her tight ass nicely. Jess was wearing a red halter which stopped just above her slim stomache, and her wavy jet black hair fell down her back in an almost seductive way. I warily ignored the watchers, realizing that it was inevitable to come into a sex shop and not get looks...

Laughing quietly, I turned back to the rack I was looking at and flipped through them slowly. I picked up a pink camisole and thong set. "What about this?" I asked Jess. She looked, then rolling her eyes sighed. "No Beth! We're gonna make this good! Okay try this," she through a red garter and fishnets at me with a matching red low cut fitted red halter. I gasped and started to shake my head. She pushed me towards the changerooms, and hesitantly I walked in. "I'll see what else I can find and bring them back to you okay?" I nodded shutting the door.

For the next 15 minutes I tried on various kinky outfits that Jess flung happily over the door every couple minutes. Finally I found one I liked.

"Can I see?" she asked excitedly through the door. "I don't know..." I laughed, admiring myself in the mirror. "Beth, c'mon!" she whined. Slowly I cracked the door and she slipped through. "Wow..." she sighed as she looked me up and down. I spun around in my thigh high nylongs and high black boots, black leather panties and a black leather top that joined to the panties on each side of my body, showing off my flat stomache and pierced belly button. My blond hair was let down to fall on my shoulders and down my back. I gave her a sexy grin and winked, spinning around. "Wow," she laughed again. "Hold on, let me just fix the back" she stepped towards me and I turned around. I felt her hands on my lower back, unzipping the the outfit, one hand running down my back onto my tight ass. I felt erotic shivers run throuh my body as she touched me and I breathed in deeply, my eyes closing. Her hands ran around my waist as she unclasped the buckle on the leather belt. As she released the clasp, her hands ran up both sides my stomache and slowly over my C-Cup breasts, and into my hair, which she pulled over my shoulders. Then the turned me around slowly and we were face to face. "You know Beth... I didn't realize how sexy you really are" she whispered as she looked into my eyes and slowly pulled the the straps down off my shoulders and over my breasts. I swallowed hard and reached out putting my hands on her bare waist, running my hands down her hips and over her ass.

She leaned over and kissed me softly on the lips, and ran a hand through my wavy hair, pulling my head closer to hers. Her other hand moved down my body and began pinching and teasing my exposed nipples. Her lips left mine and she began kissing my neck. I moaned softly as I felt her lips on my collarbone and moving down my chest. She licked my nipple lightly and then took it into her mouth, sucking softly at first and then harder. I gasped and pulled on her waist bringing her closer. "You're so naughty Beth..." she whispered. "You like this don't you, what do you want me to do to you baby?" I bit my lip and looked down at her, breathing hard. Speechless I shook my head and opened my mouth to talk, then closed it quickly. 

"Tell me you want it, or I'll stop Beth honey" she looked up at me, her lips running over my nipple. 

"Oh Jess yeah... I want it," I moaned. She smiled and started licking down my breast again, her hands tugging on the panties. She pulled me down to my knees and we knelt facing each other on the changeroom floor. I leaned forward and kissed her hard on the lips, my hands moved to her shirt and slowly lifting it over her head. She smiled and looked at me. "You want to suck them honey?" she grinned. I pushed her down on her back and kissed her neck and shoulders, moving slowly towards her tights breasts.

Suddenly there was a knock at the door. "You girls okay in there?" a mans voice asked knowingly. I gasped and sat back. She shook her head and motioned for me to come back down. "We're fine thanks!" Jess yelled back, "She's just showing me her favorites". I heard the man mumble "Sure ya are honey..." and laughing I heard him walk away. Laughing it was Jess's turn to push me down on the ground as she pulled my panties off and kissed my stomache. She teased my inner thighs and just above my clit, waiting to see what I'd do. I tilted my head back and opened my mouth, moaning softly. "Oh Jess... you know I want this" I breathed quietly. 

"Well in that case..." she sighed and I felt her tongue licking up my thigh towards my pussy. Her hot tongue rolled slowly over my shaved pussy and swollen clit. I moaned louder this time and spread my legs further apart as she reached around squeezing my ass and licking my hot cunt harder. She started to tongue fuck me and I arched my back, feeling her tongue in me. Then she lent back the change how she was sitting and I quickly moved into a 69 with her. As soon as my tongue touched her pussy I felt her jerk and she groaned in ecstasy. She grabbed my ass and pulled my cunt hard into her mouth as she sucked hard on my clit. Both of us were grinding into each others faces as we groaned, squealed, moaned louder than we should have. I felt her body tense and I knew she was cumming, so I sucked harder, pushing my tongue into her dripping cunt. As I licked her hard, she licked me harder and both of us were so close to cumming we were about to scream. 

All of a sudden there was another knock at the door. "Girls...?" the same voice asked. "You've been in here too long... Do you need anything? Anything at all?" he asked. "No! We're fine!" Jess yelled out, then continued licking me. My body tensed and my back arched and I could feel myself climaxing. I bit my lip and tried not to make any noise with the man right outside but I couldn't help it and I moaned loudly, breathing harder and groaning as I grinded my pussy into her wet face. Then she started to cry out, louder than me as she pulled my face hard into her crotch. I burried my face in her shaved pussy and licked her as hard as I could, in and out of her wet hole. She squirmed around moaning and then her body spasmed and I came all over my face. I turned around and lent down to kiss her, tasting myself on her lips. We lay there holding each other for a few minutes in complete silence and then there was a "Okay... well let me know if you need anything" from just outside the door.

We laughed and kissed each other then quickly gathered our stuff up and walked out of the changeroom. I sauntered over to the cash register and through the black outfit on the counter. "I'll take it..."