 Part three of our fantasy threesome. Thanks to both Jodie and Sheila for their contributions, editing and suggestions. Love you both!

*****

Jodie

I was finally headed back home from London and was really looking forward to seeing my Anna again. I'd only been away for one night but it had felt like an age.

I was hoping she'd used her time well and had finally finished her second book. I was so proud of her, her writing, her creativity, everything, but this had been preying on her for so long that I was a little worried for my girlfriend's mental state.

The day before, I had finished the final session at four in the afternoon, gone back to my hotel, showered and changed out of my slightly formal navy pencil skirt, cream blouse and tights into a loose, knee length light grey skirt with pale red spots and a white cotton top with sleeves that were just past my elbows. I put my grey heels on. They're four inches and I absolutely adore them. It's the only way I can get close to Anna's height. I didn't bother with tights, since the weather was so warm and I don't normally like the constricted feel on my legs when the weather is good.

I'd arranged to meet up with a couple of old friends for dinner and it was going to be a casual affair. They were people I knew from way back when I lived in South London, but we always keep in contact and meet up when we can. We were meeting early because Anna and I had agreed to have what we call 'Mirror Time' at ten that night and I didn't want to be late. In fact I wanted to get back to my room a little early so I could get myself ready.

We had a lovely meal, and it was wonderful to catch up. We finished with a drink in the bar at my hotel and, around nine thirty, I left them to go and get ready for my call with Anna.

I got back to my room, undressed, lay on my bed, put my iPad on the bedside table, got out my Kindle - Anna has asked me to point out that other tablets and e-readers are available - and started reading one of my 'Jodie only' stories. These are stories that Anna writes just for me and will never be published - she has promised - and they deal with themes that are all about us. This one was a sort of romanticised and eroticised recounting of the first time I experienced a 'cervical orgasm,' a term that is just far too clinical for such an amazing experience. Anna calls them 'total body orgasms' but I, because I can be a little crude at times, call them 'a complete cunt fuck.'

That first time we had been dating for over a year and I wasn't expecting it, or even knew such a thing existed. We had been making love for several hours on a rainy Sunday afternoon and finally it happened. It filled me. I cried. A lot. One of the most spiritual moments of my life up to that point.

Anna told me afterwards that she had experienced it for the first time when she was twenty, but didn't know that it had a name until years later. Lucky cow.

Anyway, I was reading our story and just recalling that day brought tingles to me but, because this is our agreement, I resisted touching myself. The idea being that we both spend some alone time getting ready to talk and watch each other.

'Mirror Time' is one of Anna's inventions. Well, sort of. It grew out of the times when we were apart, and she gave it the name.

I was getting to the point when I really needed to touch when my iPad sang out with an incoming FaceTime call. It was Anna. My body cried out with a wonderful feeling of relief, almost like a mini-orgasm, as I touched the screen to answer.

I smiled at my lover's beautiful face, "Hi, Posh! God, I am so ready for you."

Posh is my out loud pet name for Anna. In my head she is always just, 'My Anna.'

"Jodie, babe. I have so missed you today. I was writing some more of 'Olivia' so, as you know, I am more than ready for you."

I smiled, knowing that writing always turned her on.

"Finished it yet?" I asked.

She laughed, "No. I will soon. I don't want Karen breathing down my neck any more than she already does. So, how was your day, Sparrow?"

She calls me Sparrow, even though I swear I don't have a Cockney accent, and only lived in London for three years, but I love the name.

"Oh, you know. The usual. Dinner with Kate and Vick was fun, though."

"You didn't drag one of them back to your hotel to seduce them? Or both of them?" She laughed.

I giggled, "Straighter than Dot, I'm afraid babe, and you know I'd never do that. Only if we can both be there, you know that."

"I know, babe. Just kidding. Okay, are you ready?"

"Like I said, I am very ready. I've been reading 'Jodie's Big O' for, like, the fifth time."

I saw her smile, "You like that one, don't you?"

"No, Posh, I love it. Don't tease me anymore. I want to cum with you." Anna tells me I can be quite demanding, in a good way, but it's just that with her I always feel I can tell her what I want.

"God, so do I. I am dripping here. Chloe is dying to be stroked."

Chloe is Anna's pet name for her clit. Long story. I saw the image shift and knew she was moving her iPad down to the bed. I picked mine up and set it down between my legs. The idea with 'Mirror Time' is that we lie on our beds, heads propped up on pillows, our iPad cameras pointed at our cunts, and then we watch each other. There's always a little adjustment to get the image right, but we finally got there and I was staring at my girlfriend's gorgeous, swollen lips and clit. We always try to mirror each other's movements and to get as close to coming together as possible. We talk as much as we can through the whole thing.

I watched as her fingers came into view and started circling her clit.

I copied her and just said, "Oh fuck yes. I love your cunt Anna. I really love your beautiful cunt." I am fully aware that talking crudely gives her a real thrill.

"And my cunt loves you, Jodie. God, you look really wet. I can taste you. Wish I could slide my fingers into your beautiful cunt and fill you while you played."

"Oh fuck Anna. I wish you could too."

I watched as Anna slid two fingers from her other hand down and into her, while I did the same to myself, feeling how wet and ready I was, my cunt walls squeezing rhythmically.

We watched and copied for several minutes and we both sped up to the point where I knew I was going to go.

As I saw Anna's contractions building on her fingers I croaked out, "Posh, fuck. I'm going to cum."

I heard a husky, "I'm there baby. I'm with you."

For me, I find it difficult to keep my eyes open as I orgasm, but I wanted to see my lover's moment of release. My body was filling and my orgasm rushed through me. I watched as Anna pulled her fingers out quickly and I saw a little gush of liquid. That pushed me further and made my orgasm go up another notch.

I was shaking and moaning. I'm sure the image for Anna was very wobbly by that point, but then I don't think either of us were particularly taking notice of the quality of our camera work.

As my body came down I let out deep breaths and that wonderful feeling of lightheadedness and peace settled through me. I was eventually aware enough to pick up my iPad and put it back on the bedside cabinet. After only a few seconds I saw my lover's face framed once more on the screen.

"That was beautiful, as always," she said, smiling at me with heavy lidded, sated eyes, "I can't wait to have you home and ravish you tomorrow, though. I need my Sparrow's tender pecks."

I smiled, "I can't wait either babe. I want all of you. Every bit of you."

She chuckled. "You have that always, but I know babe, I feel it too. Now, get a lovely sleep, I hope all goes well tomorrow, and I'll see you at what? Six?"

I didn't tell her I would actually be home earlier. I wanted to surprise her, "Yeah, 'bout that. You'll have to make sure your girlfriend leaves before then."

She laughed, "If only, and you know if I found one, I'd keep her until you get home."

I giggled. It was something we had discussed many times, and something we both wanted to make happen, but you don't just walk up to someone in a bar and say, 'How about you join us in a threesome?' It had to be the right person, the right circumstance, and be natural. We both trusted each other that if either of us found 'the one', we would know.

We said our fond farewells, with many kisses thrown at each other, saying "I love you" over and over, and finally we disconnected. I curled up under the covers and fell into a restful sleep.

When I awoke the following morning the first thing that came into my mind was our Mirror Time and I couldn't help but give myself a quick orgasm, just fingers on my clit and nipple pinching, something Anna does so well for me, but it set me up nicely for the day.

Things went by quickly enough. I ended up finishing the final session by noon. I had planned to have a wrap up session after lunch, but I brought it forward so they could all get off early.

I went to a nearby café and grabbed myself a sandwich and coffee. I then went back to my hotel where I went to my room and changed into my white pant suit. Anna had bought it for me a few weeks previously and, given how difficult white can be to keep clean, I only wear it rarely, but I knew how much she loves me in it and, of course, I love wearing it for her. I decided to go without a bra or blouse underneath, which I knew she'd love, and put my white heels on.

I was at the station by two thirty and managed to get the next train which got me in just before four. I grabbed a taxi which duly deposited me outside our lovely cottage.

We've been dating for five years, but I only moved in with Anna six months ago, so it was still a wonderfully new feeling of roots and homecoming when I got there. I stood for a moment outside, a little smile on my face, assuming that Anna would be in her study typing furiously.

I opened the door, which was unlocked, telling me she was home and, as I entered the hallway into the kitchen, I immediately sensed something different in the air. A new scent, both a perfume and something, or perhaps someone, else.

I walked into the kitchen and saw clothes strewn all over the floor. I recognised Anna's grey top and matching skirt, but there was also a brightly coloured dress that I had never seen before, along with a pair of white, lacy knickers that were definitely not mine or Anna's.

I felt a huge surge rush through me. I was immediately, incredibly turned on. I was also just a little worried that my jokes about her having to get rid of her lover actually contained a grain of truth. I knew in my heart she would never do that to me, but there is always that nagging insecurity.

I left my overnight case where it was, put my bags on the table and bent down to pick up the unfamiliar knickers. Holding them to my nose I knew this was a new scent. A new person. I pricked up my ears as I heard a movement from our bedroom. I dropped the knickers on the kitchen table and, not wanting to alert either of them, although that may have been too late, I bent down and took my heels off and walked, barefooted to our bedroom door, which was slightly ajar.

Pushing it open, I was presented with a beautiful sight. My Anna was naked with a rather beautiful woman whom I was one hundred percent sure I had never seen before.

Anna was behind her from where I stood, and they were spooning, with Anna's arm draped over her... what? Lover? Obviously. She looked to be a bit older than me, I'm thirty four, and she looked more like Anna's age, but it is so hard to tell. She had yellow blonde hair. Her eyes were open and she was staring at me in a mixture of fascination and fear. I saw Anna's eyes open and she winked at me.

I smiled, "I can't leave you alone even for a day can I, Posh?" 

I watched as Anna pulled this woman to her, kissed her shoulder and said, "I think we've found the one, Sparrow. This beautiful woman is Sheila."

Smiling, I walked over and perched on the bed, next to Sheila. I introduced myself and when she spoke I was mildly surprised to hear an American accent. I wanted to know more about how they had met and ended up here, but for now there was a more urgent need in me.

In a whirl, I undressed and ended up making love with these two beautiful women. Giving them both orgasms had left me so fucking horny. I could feel it in me, around me. I was on fire and really needed to cum.

When Sheila said. "God. Did that just happen? That was amazing. Thank you. Both. I never dreamed..." I shut her up with a kiss.

I needed her to know what I wanted, and that she was going to be the one to give it.

"Ah, yes. But there is a price to pay," I said.

Anna

I saw Sheila frown, not quite understanding what it was that Jodie was implying. I had an inkling, however. I knew that Jodie was going to be needing release and I felt we had been somewhat selfish in letting her pleasure us.

Sheila swallowed, "Um, a price?"

I raised my eyebrow at Jodie, not saying anything, just giving her the signal to carry on.

Jodie smiled. She has a smile that lights up her face and makes me go mushy every single time, even after nearly five years together.

She stared back at Sheila, "Well... if I can do the sums properly, I'm assuming you two have had at least two orgasms today," Jodie caught the flicker of my eyes, "And I'm guessing Posh may have had slightly more."

I at least had the decency to blush.

Here she stopped and got a slightly stern look on her face, which I knew was completely fake but realised that Sheila may not know how to read.

"So, where's mine? All I managed was one in my lonely hotel bed this morning and now I've given to you. It's time for you to give to me."

I suppressed a giggle, remembering our wonderful Mirror Time the night before.

Sheila stumbled, "I'm... I'm sorry, Jodie. I... was... well, Anna and I..."

Sheila clearly thought that Jodie's ire was real.

Jodie lay down next to Sheila. "Well, make up for it then. After all that wonderful tasting, you taste delicious by the way Sheila, and bringing you two gorgeous women to your peaks I am as horny as fuck. I need to cum. Make me cum, Sheila."

Sheila turned her head to look at me and I smiled and gave her an encouraging look, raising my eyebrows and nodding slightly.

She took this as permission and turned back towards Jodie and started kissing her.

"Mmm. We're finally getting a Shiela sandwich," I said and I heard a stifled giggle from Sheila. Good. She was relaxing.

They were now face to face, kissing, and I wrapped my arms around them both and started placing kisses under Sheila's hairline. I could feel from the movements in her upper arm that her hand had moved down between them and was moving slightly. I assumed she was stroking Jodie's pussy in some way.

Jodie moaned and pulled back. She sighed, "Oh yes. Perfect."

I had to release them as Jodie rolled onto her back and Sheila leaned forward to continue her kiss. I rested my head on her upper arm and watched, mesmerised, as I saw Jodie, legs open, being stroked by Sheila. They were soft and gentle strokes, just the way I know Jodie likes them. Sheila was reading her well.

I draped my arm around her and, once again, took one of her hard nipples between my fingers and squeezed. Not too hard, but enough for her to know I was definitely there.

I watched and had to adjust my position slightly as Sheila moved down to kiss Jodie's neck and then down to her breasts. She took one of Jodie's very erect nipples in her mouth.

I was reading all the signs and could see that Jodie was getting close. Her eyes were closed and fluttering, she was gripping the sheets with her free hand, her head was back and her hips were sinking down. Watching like this was turning me on in a way that was surprising. We had often play acted this scene, one of us watching the other being pleasured, but the reality was much more erotic than the fantasy.

As Jodie started to shake and cry out I pinched a little harder on Sheila's nipple and thrilled as she cried out as Jodie came.

I watched as Sheila stopped stroking and whispered, "Don't stop, just slow down."

I knew that Jodie wouldn't be finished just yet. I took some of the pressure of Sheila's nipple as a sort of indirect signal of how much to stroke. Sure enough, Sheila started slow strokes once again and what I knew would happen, did. Jodie pushed up through another peak and shouted out, "Oh fuck. Yes. Fuck."

I stopped my squeezing and went back to gentle stroking on Sheila's nipple and she slowed down and eventually stopped. Moving her head back up, I watched as Jodie wrapped her arm around Sheila and brought her down for a long, passionate kiss.

They finally stopped and Jodie whispered, "Oh you're good. I think we'll keep you."

I smiled and said, "You are perfect, Sheila."

She turned her head from Jodie to me and back again, "You're totally serious, aren't you?"

Jodie said, "Yes, completely. You have warmed me up so perfectly."

Sheila looked confused, "Warmed you up?"

"Oh yes. I'm still owed at least one more."

I took my arm from around Sheila and sat up, knowing the perfect addition to our play.

"I know just the thing," I said, sliding down off the bed and going through to the kitchen to pick up Sheila's knickers off the floor. I was vaguely surprised to find they were on the kitchen table. Looking at the rest of the clothes strewn across the floor I realised that Jodie would have realised what was going on before getting to the bedroom. The thought of what that almost certainly did for her sent a delicious rush through me.

I walked back in to see the beautiful sight of my true love and our new lover, naked on the bed. There was a bemused look on Sheila's face and a huge smile on Jodie's. She knew what was coming.

Sheila spoke up, concern in her voice and on her beautiful face, "You want me to put my panties back on? Do I have to get dressed and leave?"

I laughed, "Well, you will have to put these on in a minute, but no," I looked at Jodie, "we don't want Sheila to leave do we, Sparrow?"

"No. I already said I want to keep her."

I went to our wardrobe, opened it and went to our toy shelves and took out our purple Feeldoe, along with a tube of lube. We always keep a small stock of at least two. You can never have too much, and running out is a horrible thing to happen.

Sheila looked back with a little surprise, and then a little smile. Her eyes lighting up with delight, "A Feeldoe? You have a Feeldoe!"

I smiled, "Jodie, babe, I'm sure you want this, right?"

"You know I do, babe. Always."

Sheila asked, "You want Jodie to use it on me?"

"No, we want you to use it on her."

She stumbled, "Um..."

I worried we had pushed too far, "Sheila, if you don't want to we understand, don't we Jodie?"

Jodie nodded, "Of course. We don't want to push you into anything you're not comfortable with, Sheila. Anna, you can fuck me... someone has to fuck me!"

Sheila looked as if something was on her mind so I just said, "Don't worry, Sheila. I love using ..."

"No. No, Anna. It's not that. It's just that... I've never used one on someone else."

I was a little confused, "You've never used one? You know what it is though?"

"I didn't say that." She blushed, "I've always been the... receiver. Not the giver."

This made me realise that there may be a slightly submissive side to Sheila, but now was not the time to explore that particular avenue.

Jodie chimed in with, "I'd be happy to be the giver, but you both owe me one more O, and I want you to be the to give it to me, Sheila."

I saw her swallow, "Yes. Okay. Of course. I'm sorry. I didn't mean to be so difficult. I am just a little surprised you want another orgasm quite so quickly."

I laughed, "Oh my. You don't know my Jodie yet. The first is always the one that just gets her ready. Now, Sheila, lie back and I will help get you ready."
