 Who is that girl? Kirsty thought as she looked across the college bar she regularly frequented, sipping her bacardi and coke. Intrigued she stared long and hard as the pretty brunette strutted towards the dance floor, her short, purple dress hugging her petite frame perfectly.

Now Kirsty knew she wasn't doing too badly in the looks department herself. She liked to keep in shape and the C-cup breasts that capped off her well sculpted figure meant the eighteen year old student was never short of onlookers. However even she looked on jealously at the amount of heads this girl was turning, mostly guys ogling her tight bum and shapely well-tanned legs.

"Who's that?" She asked her friend Jenny as she ran her fingers through her shoulder length blonde hair. "I don't think I've seen her in here before".

"Oh her," Jenny, a luscious redhead with curves in all the right places, replied nonchalantly as she followed her friends gaze. "I don't know her name; she's in my psychology classes though. I think she's in the same dorm block as us as well."

"Well she sure knows how to get a guy's attention," muttered Kirsty as she watched her sexily grind her round behind into the groin of the young man she was dancing with.

"Oh for sure," remarked Jenny back. "It's weird we haven't noticed her in here before though."

"Well I know I'd love to have a piece of her," smiled Kirsty. Jenny smiled back. As one of the freshman's closest friends she was one the few people who knew that she swung both ways. 

After a couple more drinks Kirsty and Jenny headed home. However for the blonde it was a restless night. Her pussy was on fire as she thought about the brunette from the bar and she just couldn't stop herself dabbing a couple of fingers into her hot little box. She had to see her again. But how?

Three days later, Kirsty's memory of the brunette from the bar had almost completely evaporated and that night at the bar had been chalked up as one of many drunken college nights. However that afternoon in the laundrette her consciousness was suddenly rejuvenated. As the blonde rifled through her laundry sorting it for washing her head was turned as someone wondered into the shop. Although she appeared much shorter now (five foot four at the most) wearing flip flops rather than the four inch heels she had donned that night, there was no mistaking those silky, bronze legs that caught Kirsty's eyes that night. Much like that evening, her attire left very little to the imagination. A pair of tight denim hot pants presented her small, perky bum just perfectly whilst her white vest top revealed just enough of her shoulders and small cleavage to be sexy but not slutty. Today her dark brunette hair was tied back into a ponytail that fell to the middle of her neck whilst her hazel eyes were hidden by a pair of cute, white framed sunglasses.

Shit what do I say? Kirsty thought as she quickly buried her head in her washing. Normally she was never short of confidence but there was something about this girl that just completely captivated her.

"Oh hi there," Kirsty said trying to sound as casual as possible. "I don't suppose you have change for a fiver, I didn't realise these machines only take pound coins."

"Well um sure I guess," she replied, barely looking up from her phone before fetching her purse from inside her bag.

"My name's Kirsty by the way," the blonde continued. "I'm a freshman here what about you?"

"Same," she replied, although she couldn't have seemed less interested. "I'm Sophie."

"Nice to meet you Sophie," Kirsty smiled, desperately trying to ignite some life into the conversation. "Perhaps we should hang out sometime?"

"Err sure maybe," said Sophie. With that she exchanged Kirsty's five pound note for some coins and went about sorting her own washing.

Fucking bitch! Kirsty thought to herself. She had barely even given her a second glance. Oh well it would be so much sweeter when she finally had her kneeling in front of her licking her snatch dry.

Later that day, Kirsty met up with Jenny on campus for a spot of lunch and decided to recap the events of that morning.

"And she didn't even give me a second glance, I couldn't believe it!" She exclaimed as she munched on her chicken salad. "It's like she thought she was above me or something."

"I was talking about her with someone in my class today," Jenny replied. "Apparently she's from a really rich family and went to some private school at the other end of the country."

"No wonder she looked at me as if I was dirt then."

"And here's something that's more interesting," Jenny continued. "Apparently she's had quite a strong family and Christian upbringing. She had a long term boyfriend back home but never..."

"So all that bumping and grinding in the bar the other night," Kirsty interrupted. "That's all an act?"

"You've got it," the redhead responded. "Apparently she's a total cock tease. She'll grind on a guy like that all night but never go any further."

"Wow," Kirsty smiled to herself. "Sounds like this daddy's girl needs corrupting."

"Ha I don't know about that," said Jenny as she returned her friend's smile. "Sounds like she's quite the wannabe slut already. But I'm sure you'll have her eating out of your hand in no time."

"That's not the only thing she'll be eating out of I hope," said Kirsty grinning again.

Two days later it was Saturday and Kirsty was preparing for another night out. Tonight however was different. Jenny had tipped her off via a friend of a friend that Sophie would be heading out tonight as well and she knew that to make any impression on the petite brunette, she would have to dress to kill. As she finished applying her makeup Kirsty looked herself up and down in her full length mirror in her dorm room with a smug sense of satisfaction. The navy blue vest top she had chosen hugged her flat stomach perfectly and was low cut enough to reveal just enough of her perky C-cup breasts that would make anyone desperate to see more. Meanwhile the white pencil skirt she adorned left much of her thighs uncovered and accentuated her sumptuous ass perfectly. She rounded off her outfit with a pair of strappy, brown leather heels that revealed her very sexy blue painted toe nails.

After meeting Jenny who was dressed slightly more conservatively in pair of tight fitting jeans and a leather jacket that hugged her ample bust tightly, the two of them headed for the same bar where they had first seen Sophie earlier in the week. Before long they were steadily drinking the night away with their fellow students and Kirsty was pleased to notice that she turned more than a few heads whenever she went to the bar to get more drinks.

After what seemed like an age to Kirsty, the person she was waiting for finally arrived. With a couple of friends in tow, Sophie meandered through the crowds of people towards the bar. As she watched the brunette order a drink and then move towards the dance floor, Kirsty once again was mesmerised by her beauty. In a pair of cream heels that added at least four inches to her height and a short pink dress that hugged her slight frame immaculately, she could barely take her eyes off her as her body moved elegantly in time with the thumping RnB that was playing. This was it. She had to have her.

Whilst continuing to make polite conversation with her group of friends, Kirsty now constantly had one eye on the dance floor as she meticulously analysed Sophie's movements. She looked on in envy as gradually a throng of male admirers being to assimilate to where her and her friends were dancing. Eventually she saw her chance. She rose to her feet as she noticed Sophie slowly traversing towards the bar for another drink.

"Hey nice moves over there," said Kirsty, struggling to raise her voice over the blaring music. "Remember me?"

"Err yea kinda," she responded. That chance meeting in the laundrette obviously hadn't stuck in her memory as well as it Kirsty's.

"Well how about I get this drink? I'd really like to get to know you better." 

Begrudgingly, Sophie accepted and soon she was accompanying Kirsty at a small table in a more secluded area of the bar. After chatting for a while about how they were both adjusting to life on campus during their freshman year, Kirsty grew in confidence and began to pry a little deeper into the brunette's social life.

"So you must come to this kind of place often? You're certainly quite a dancer," she queried.

"Oh yea for sure," Sophie responded as she elegantly sipped on her drink. "I think I started going out clubbing back home as soon as I was old enough pretty much."

"Well why don't we go and hit the dance floor right now," Kirsty said smiling. "Show those boys over there what they're missing."

With that they finished their drinks and soon their bodies were swaying enticingly to the rhythm's screaming across the bar. Kirsty struggled to keep her jaw from dropping at the goddess dancing next to her and soon they were surrounded by a hoard of guys trying their luck. It wasn't long before both girls had a partner rubbing and grinding into their bodies as the moved to the beat. Kirsty looked on with a tinge of envy as Sophie thrust her behind sexily into the crotch of the tall, handsome guy dancing behind her whilst he ran his hands slowly down her sides, until they rested softly on her ass. Quickly she moved towards the brunette and pulled her away from her partner, deciding to put on a little show. 

She pushed her body up as tightly to Sophie's as she could and wrapped her arms around her, before grinding her body up and down hers, her knees practically scraping the floor as she ran her fingers over Sophie's soft calves. As she rose from the floor and their breasts collided, Kirsty was sure she could feel the petite brunette's heart thumping at a thousand beats per minute. Realising the amount of heads they were turning, Kirsty seductively flipped Sophie around so that her back was facing the blonde. She held her close, clasping her hands onto Sophie's hips before planting an elegantly soft kiss on the side of the brunette's delicious neck, much to the delight of the salivating onlookers.

"Why don't we go back to my dorm room for a few drinks?" Kirsty whispered into Sophie's ear as she continued to hold her body close into hers. With that she led her away by the hand and the two of them left the bar to continue their evening's entertainment.

"I had a great time with you tonight," said Kirsty as she held the door to her dorm room open for her new friend. Her room closely resembled that of any college freshman. Posters and photos of friends were canvassed across much of the wall space of the small room whilst text books and folders of work were strewn idly around.

"Me too," replied Sophie as she took up a seat on Kirsty's bed. "It was awesome teasing all those guys back there."

"I know I wouldn't be surprised if some of them had just cum there and then," she grinned as she joined Sophie on the bed. "You ever tried this before?" she continued as she pulled out a bottle of tequila from under the bed.

"Oooh no I heard that stuff can wreak havoc with your insides."

"Trust me it isn't that bad," replied Kirsty as she collected two shot glasses from a cupboard as well as a salt shaker and a slice of lime for each of them. "To new friends!" she cried holding her glass in the air before the girls simultaneously licked the salt off their hands, downed their shots and quickly bit into their slice of lime. 

"That was gross!" gasped Sophie struggling for air "I can't believe you made me do that!"

"Ha you'll get used to it!" smiled Kirsty, pleased at how impressionable the petite brunette was. "Now how about we play a little game to get to know each other a bit better?"

"What like?"

"I was thinking truth or dare perhaps?"

"Truth or dare?" responded Sophie sounding surprised. "Isn't that for little kids?"

"I'm sure we can have some fun with it," Kirsty said smiling. "Come on I'll let you go first."

"Ok then whatever," Sophie said nonchalantly. "Truth or dare?"

"Truth," Kirsty snapped straight back.

"Ok," Sophie paused for thought. "Who do you have a crush on right now?"

"Ooo good question," giggled Sophie. "Do you know Calvin? He's on the soccer team. His room is on the floor below." Sophie looked aghast.

"But Kirsty," she stuttered. "He's black."

"And?" the blonde replied. "You know what they say about black guys right?"

"Yea," Sophie replied nervously. "Aren't they so supposed to be huge... you know, down there?" she finished motioning towards her groin.

"Oh yea, I bet it would feel amazing inside me," Kirsty said dreamily. Her head quickly filled with the mental image of Calvin forcing his thick shaft deep into Sophie's throat as she knelt in front of him. She was quite pleased that her answer had shocked Sophie but not completely overwhelmed her. To lighten the mood a little she hit back with a question about Sophie's favourite professor on campus when the brunette asked for a truth as well. Both girls took back another shot of tequila and Kirsty was delighted to see her new friend slowly losing her inhibitions. It was now the blonde's turn again and she chose dare, eager to see what Sophie would challenge her to do.

"Ok I've got something," she said thinking to herself. "I want you to flash your bum out of that window."

"Now that's a dare," Kirsty replied beaming, impressed and surprised at the naughtiness inside Sophie's mind. By the triumphant look on her face she thought that Sophie was expecting her to back out. Little did she know how far the blonde was willing to go though.

Slowly she got up from her bed and strutted up and down the small floor space in the room as if it were a catwalk, confidently wiggling her curvy behind like a top model showing off the latest designer label.

"What do you think of this ass?" she said bending over in front of Sophie before playfully spanking herself.

"Err it's quite nice I suppose," replied Sophie shyly, clearly unsure as to how to respond as Kirsty started to caress herself through her skirt.

"Aw I was hoping for better than that!" smirked Kirsty as she slowly began to run her hands down to the hem of her skirt. Her firm, round behind was revealed, cupped perfectly by a pair of scintillating red panties as she gradually lifted her skirt. "What about now?" she asked playfully as she cheekily wiggled her bum at Sophie.

The brunette seemed lost for words. She continued to gaze on in amazement as Kirsty confidently pulled her panties down towards her ankles. The tan lines on the blonde's round behind were a testament to the amount of sunbathing she had done during the summer months.

"Looks like there's a few people out there," Kirsty said as she peered out towards the illuminated street below her window. "Oh well a dare's a dare I suppose!" She knocked her fist loudly on the window before bending over and pushing her ass out towards the glass.

"Oh my god Kirsty there are people out there!" Sophie peered over her friends shoulder and could clearly see two guys on the street below. Both had stopped in their tracks and were gaping in amazement at the show they were receiving.

"Well I hope they are enjoying it!" she replied not the least bit concerned about the attention she was getting. After continuing to sensually grind her ass up and down the window for a little while longer, Kirsty turned around and blew her admirers a kiss before pulling her panties up. Sophie just sat there looking mesmerized. "Truth or dare then?" said Kirsty excitedly knowing that Sophie had raised the stakes.

"Dare."

"Kiss me," she responded instantly.

"What?"

"Kiss me," repeated Kirsty slightly more sternly. "Come on it's not like you haven't done it before."

"I know but... kissing a girl?" stuttered Sophie.

"You didn't mind when I gave you a little peck back at the bar," the blonde said deviously. "I promise I won't bite!"

Slowly Sophie lent in and Kirsty was able to take in the full aroma of her expensive perfume for the first time. Cautiously she pressed her lips to Kirsty's before quickly drawing back.

"I meant a proper kiss!" blurted Kirsty. "I'll show you!"

Taking the bull by the horns, she placed both her hands on the back of Sophie's head pulling the brunette in towards her. At first Sophie was unwilling to reciprocate in the kiss as Kirsty gently probed at her lips with her tongue. Eventually though she opened up and both girls were soon savouring the taste of each other's mouths. As their tongues continued to wrestle and entwine Kirsty slowly moved her hands from Sophie's head, down her neck and onto the small of her back. Soon she began to feel the brunette's hands start to explore as well and they were now holding each other tightly together as they embraced in a passionate kiss.

"Wow that was intense," gasped Sophie as she broke away from the kiss, just as Kirsty had been edging a hand towards her breast.

"Was that your first kiss with a girl?" asked Kirsty smiling.

"It was. It was different. You kiss better than most guys."

"I'll take that as a compliment shall I?" grinned Kirsty. "Well I guess it's your turn now. I'll take truth."

"Ok then," said Sophie. Kirsty was pleased to see she was growing in confidence. "Describe in detail the last time you had sex."

"Oh that's easy," the blonde quickly retorted. "Last week I brought a guy back here and he fucked the hell out of me." She smiled at the gobsmacked look on Sophie's face.

"Do you bring back guys often?" asked Sophie, still looking stunned.

"Oh all the time. Some guys are better in bed than others but I've always figured the more guys you get with the more good sex you're going to get."

Sophie still looked completely speechless.

"But like I said this guy the other night was great," continued Kirsty. "We met at this club down in the centre of town and I brought him back here. He started by going down on me which felt absolutely amazing before he bent me over and fucked me long and hard." She motioned towards the desk in the corner of her room. "The only downside was he didn't fuck me in the ass."

"What!?" gasped Sophie looking totally stunned. "You mean you like a dick up your bum?"

"Oh yea it feels great," replied Kirsty, absolutely revelling in how curious the little coed was getting. "It takes a little getting used to for sure but once you do there's no turning back."

"Well I don't know if I'd ever be brave enough to try that," Sophie said timidly.

"Ha I bet you'd look awesome with a thick cock shoved up your cute little ass." There was a short period of silence as Sophie had no idea how to respond to this. "When was the last time you had sex Sophie?" asked Kirsty as she decided to take the lead.

"Errm," the brunette stammered nervously. "If I'm honest I haven't been having a lot of sex lately." Kirsty smiled to herself, pleased that the alcohol was having its desired affect and causing Sophie to open up.

"How can that be though?" she replied. "I've seen you on the dance floor. You're literally surrounding by guys practically salivating at the mouth."

"I know but..." muttered Sophie quietly with her face pointed firmly to the ground. "I love the attention I get but... I dunno I guess I'm always just scared about what my dad would say if he found out."

"Aw baby," cooed Kirsty. "Don't worry about people finding out about what you get up to, just go out and have fun. Anyway it's your turn now. Truth or dare?"

"Dare."

"Strip completely naked," Kirsty instantly ordered.

"Excuse me?"

"Right now!" she barked. "Come on girl you said it yourself you need to loosen up a little."

Clearly intimidated by Kirsty's antics, Sophie slowly began to stand up.

"Here take another shot of tequila. It won't be so bad I promise," the blonde encouraged. "Besides with a dress that short, it's not like I'm missing much anyway!"
