 "Oh, I am so sorry! Are you okay, ma'am?" I quickly asked as I opened the door to the lecture hall. 

"Oh my! Umm... Yes, sorry, I should have moved away faster," came a voice behind the door. I quickly closed the door and looked down. Bending over was the most beautiful and sexy professor that I had seen. Papers seemed to have been scattered everywhere so I kneeled down to help her. For a brief second our hands reached for the same paper and we paused to look up. 

I started blushing and said, "I am sorry, ummm, let me help you with that." Curiously, she raised her eyebrow and looked me up and down, "No it is okay! I am just extremely clumsy." She slowly started to get to her feet but not before showing off her cleavage in a tight white shirt that could barely hide her red bra. I scrambled around and quickly gathered the last few papers. 

"Ma'am here are the last pieces of paper." I walked over to the desk and turned to face her.

"Thank you, Ms...?" She looked up and glanced me up and down once more, a small smirk playing on her lips. 

"Todd, ma'am. Rachel Todd. I am in this upcoming lecture," I responded. I placed the pieces of paper on the desk and looked at her. Her big tits were barely being contained by her shirt. The tight pencil skirt was tight across her thighs as she sat down behind her desk. "I umm... I am very much looking forward to your lecture, ma'am."

"That is kind of you, Ms Todd. I just transferred to this university, so I am a bit nervous." She looked up from organizing her papers. I walked around to the side of her chair and lean against the desk. Her eyes were a forest green with hints of light brown. I glanced down again at her tits and could see through her shirt where the buttons were not able to hide her cleavage. In that second, she caught my gaze.

I looked her and couldn't help but bite my lip lightly. She responded with a slight smirk, "Well Ms Todd, do you see something you like?" her hand played with her top button on her blouse.

"Umm... I am just very interested in Chemistry, ma'am." I slid a little closer to her and placed my hand on the desk.

"Please stop calling me 'ma'am'. Call me Ms Kenny," she said as she crossed her legs.

"Ms...? I would have guessed that someone as beautiful as you was married."

"Well I was married once before, but my husband cheated on me with another woman..."

"Oh, I am sorry to hear that Ms Kenny, I can only say that your husband was a foolish man to have left a woman like yourself," I whispered taking a step closer to her. Her hand came away from her button to lay gently on top of mine. 

"A woman like myself, Ms Todd?"

"Yes, Ms Kenny. A beautiful, sexy, educator like yourself..." As I said these words, I brought my other hand up to her cheek, and guided her eyes to my face. Slowly, I leaned in for a brief kiss. 

Pulling back, "Ms Todd, our lecture will start soon," she breathed hard. 

Smirking I replied, "Ms Kenny, we have some time before anyone comes. I arrived an hour early to study for another class. But I think I found something else to do instead."

"Oh?"

"You." With that, I pulled her up on her feet and shoved her hard against the desk. 

"Your shirt barely contains anything, Ms Kenny." But I wouldn't allow her to respond. With one hand, I started caressing her tits and the other lifted up her skirt. 

"Well, well, well... You are wetter than I thought you would be... that's hot."

"I ummm... ugh... I... fuck... don't stop!"

"Baby, I haven't even started." I slid my hand up and down her thighs while still playing with her tits. I leaned in and kissed and nipped at her thighs. My one hand began to move towards her soaked panties. I had to place a hand over her mouth, before her moans became screams to attract the attention of other professors in the hall. 

I easily slipped two fingers into her wet swollen pussy. "Good girl, now how much can you take?"

I had to stifle a scream, as I began pounding her with three fingers. Her wetness started soaking through her skirt. "I don't want to waste all of this..." 

Slipping the three fingers out, I flipped her over so she leaned over her desk. Slowly unzipped her skirt, I got down on my knees and began licking up her wetness. Her clit tasted so good, the sweet wetness. That pussy of hers was so swollen, my tongue glided over her pussy and slipped in. Her body trembled with my touch. 

"Oh fuck" she moaned slowly. Smirking, I continue licking up her wetness. Slowly drawing back, I moved my hand over her clit once more which caused her to moan again. Pushing her farther back on the desk, by laying on her back, I made her put her legs against my shoulders and I slip in three fingers. 

Slowly. In and out. I made that slut's pussy stretch. But not as far as I'd want.

Without warning, I began pounding her with four. Her moans raged into screams. Pain mixed with pleasure. "You're fucking going to take it you slut," I whispered.

"Ugh - yes Ms Todd" she groaned. "Please! Deeper! Faster!" You could hear my hand slapping against her wet pussy echoing in the lecture hall. 

Fuck, to think someone could be looking through the back doors... Renewed with this thought, I fucked her harder. "Ah! You can feel your hand moving within me if you place your hand on my stomach. Fuck it feels so good. I love it rough!" Ms Kenny screamed. 

"I can see that Ms Kenny... unfortunately though, our class is to start soon... so what do you say to bringing this back to my place afterwards and allow me to stretch you with my fist, and watch you cum everywhere?" 

"I umm... I..." 

I didn't stay to hear the answer. I went to my seat just as the first student entered the hall.