 This is a work of erotic fiction. It contains graphic sex. If this offends you, don't read it! If you're under 18, get lost. None of these people are real, just little corners of my mind that I sometimes let out to play...

- FOR LORI -

I see you immediately across the dark, smoky room as I make my way onto the stage, the only female in a crowded room of men. Our eyes meet, shooting daggers at each other, locked together in a passionate stare. Your face flushes, your breathing quickens, I smile. Though I am not the only dancer on the stage, your eyes remain glued on me. I know what you're here for. My smile broadens and I begin my SEDUCTION.

The music blares out in the background but I ignore it, moving to the music in your eyes. I slowly strip off my clothes, baring myself to you, body and soul. Your eyes drink deeply of me, your desire plainly visible in them as I dance my way across the stage to you. I sway seductively back and forth in front of you, teasing you, tantalizing you. My hips churn, my nipples burn, my passion a mirror of your own. Our eyes remain locked as I descend from the stage to dance at your table, my dance only for you, ignoring the whistles and laughter from around me, they mean nothing. I notice the wedding ring on your finger, but I dismiss it. Again, I know why you are here, in this place, a place with room only for two.

I lean forward, whispering in your ear, offering a lap-dance. You stare deeply into my eyes and nod, unable to speak. I straddle you, my arms going around your neck as my weight descends upon you, pulling your head forward to rest in the valley between my breasts. I feel your body trembling as I slowly begin to grind myself against you. Your tongue darts out to taste me as I move faster and faster, my passion burning ever higher. I feel your body tense and relax as your climax comes upon you, and I realize just how hot you are, cumming just from the feel of my naked flesh rubbing against you. I kiss you deeply, whispering for you to wait for me after the show. Your eyes agree, burning me with your desire, and I walk back to the stage to finish my work.

I see you standing in the storm as I exit the building, the rain unable to quench the fire raging inside you. You seem unable to move, to go or stay. I remove the decision from you, taking your hand and leading you away from that place, taking you to a place where your fires can at last be put out. We enter the hotel room hand in hand, having never said a word on the trip here, our eyes saying all that needs to be said. Our lips join together in a fiery kiss as soon as the door closes behind us, melting into one, our passion finally allowed to be free as we begin our mutual seduction.

I break our kiss, standing back slightly, as I begin to uncover your body, slowly peeling your wet clothes off, touching you, caressing you, building your excitement to a fever. Finally you are naked, your body free of it's confinements, open to me. I sit you on the bed and begin another dance, slowly removing my clothes, stoking your fires with my sensuous movements, till I am naked once again for you. You cannot resist yourself any longer as I sit on the bed with you, and your hands begin to move of their own accord, caressing me.

The buds of my nipples become pebbles under your fingers, the flower of my womanhood opening for you, the wetness of my desire coating your fingers as you kiss me, moving slowly, oh so slowly down my body. Your lips sear my skin as you cover my nipples with them, teasing them with your tongue, tasting me. My moans fill the air as you gently kiss your way down my taut belly, lingering for a moment at my navel, making me squirm. You look up at me and my eyes beg you to continue, my body now putty in your hands, my passion soaring. 

Slowly, tentatively, you open my flower with your tongue, licking the swollen lips, tasting of my wetness. Your hands continue to caress me as your sweet lips kiss the center of my sensations, your tongue probing to the very core of my being. I feel myself approaching the mountaintop and somehow make you stop, wanting this feeling to last just a little longer, and I push you away.

I lay you back on the bed and cover your lips with hot little kisses, my tongue tasting you. I kiss you all over, your face, your eyes, your neck, your throat, and on down as I continue to tease you with my tongue. Your back arches as my mouth closes on your sweet nipples, my teeth gently biting, sending you off in a whirlwind of sensation. I suckle at your breasts for as long as you will permit me, your moans growing louder as your temperature rises, till your hands push me down farther, forcing me to the center of your desire. I nestle between your legs, gazing at the sweet wonder that is your sex. I part the petals of your flower with my fingers, finding the rosebud inside them. I linger for a moment, teasing you. Your body trembles as my hot breath blows on you, your arousal very evident by your wetness. 

I breathe you in for a moment, exulting in your scent, then bring my tongue to bear on your rosebud, my lips kissing yours, drinking of your cup. Moaning, your body writhes under my kisses, your hips lifting to meet me, you are so very hot! I try to pull away, wanting to tease you, to prolong your ecstasy, but you will have none of it, clamping my head in the vice of your legs and holding me there, forcing me to continue ravishing your sex. Your ardor swells, your passion climbs, suddenly your dam breaks and your river overflows it's banks. I drink of you, your taste is heaven, like water to one dying in the desert. I cannot stop, cannot be sated, your honey sweet as wine to my thirsty lips. Finally your river runs dry for the moment and, after a few more kisses, I crawl upward to find your other lips, sharing your taste with you.

Slowly we kiss, gently at first, then more passionately as the wind of your taste blows across the embers of our desire, fanning them rapidly to open flame. Instinctively our legs scissor, bringing our sexes together in a kiss of their own. Lips to lips they merge, becoming one, as two flowers sprouting from the same stem. Gently I begin to rub against you, slowly. You push against me harder, grinding against me, the heat from your sex almost more than I can bear. Passion breaks our kiss as we lean back, lifting our hips from the bed to further our efforts. 

Our movements become feverish now, rubbing, humping, grinding, as together we climb the mountain of passion. Our moans fill the air, interrupting the silence, proclaiming our ecstasy for any who would hear. All too soon we crest the pinnacle of our desire, crying out our pleasure as we plunge into the abyss of orgasm, our nectar spewing forth to merge as we have merged, soaking the sheets as evidence of our union. Exhausted, we spoon together, touching, caressing, kissing, whispering sweet nothings to each other. Totally spent, we fall asleep in each others arms...

I awake some time later and rise from the bed, quietly gathering my things and dressing. I take your sodden panties as a keepsake of you, leaving you mine to remember our passion. I go to the door and pause to look back at you, lying in the moonlight, sprawled on the sheets of our mutual passion. I drink in your beauty, the lovely shape of your mouth, the curve of your breast, the sweet cherry in it's center, the swell of your hips, and the lovely rose blossom between them.

I blow you a kiss from the doorway, you smile in your sleep as though you are aware of me, and I am sorely tempted to return to you, awaken you to begin our play all over again. You stir in your sleep, your wedding band glimmers in the moonlight, and I realize that tomorrow you will return to your loving family, your fantasy fulfilled. And I?...well, I don't even know your name. I close the door behind me. Ah well, lover... perhaps we shall meet again one day...

- FIN -

* * * * *

Please send all correspondence to the email on my profile and specify which of my stories you are referring to. Comments are always welcome... I love to hear from you all!