 The two women were standing together. Very closely together. The more curvaceous, older, darker haired one was standing behind the slimmer blonde. She had her arms around her. Her full breasts were just brushing the blonde woman's back, her tummy was touching the pert bottom. The more curvaceous forty four year old was holding the wrists of the slimmer twenty one year old. Not tightly but with a firm grip. 

"One of the most important things with the golf swing is the takeaway," the older woman explained. "It has to be slow and smooth like this," she went on pulling the blonde's arms backwards.

Emma had never felt anything quite like it. It was as unexpected as it was powerful. As she gave her friend Sally's daughter Sammi a few tips on golf she suddenly had such a surge of sexual feelings that her entire body seemed to shudder. It was also quite embarrassing for she was sure that it affected her voice and in the way that she may have pressed her breasts and stomach rather more firmly against her the attractive young blonde than the demonstration of the golf swing required.

Sammi was a little surprised that her mum's friend was pressed against her but put it down to what she was trying to show her. Even though she felt her friend's ample breasts pushing into her back she thought nothing of it and concentrated on the slow smooth backswing that Emma described.

They hadn't known each other very long, just a couple of months. But since Sammi had opened the café and high quality food shop near to where Emma lived in London's East End, not too far from where the Olympics were due to be held in 2012, they'd become ,quite close friends. They had met as Sally worked on getting the shop ready. It was next door but two to the Victorian town house where the divorced Emma lived with her daughter. They'd chatted and Sammi had invited Emma to the grand opening. As it turned out it wasn't that grand for very few people turned up. 

Since the opening Emma had got into the habit of popping in most days as a break from her freelance work at home to have an espresso or cappuccino. As this was usually mid morning between the breakfast and lunch time busier periods the place was often a fairly quiet and hence the two women could chat easily and, as the weeks passed, they got to know each other fairly well.

Sammi was in her late thirties, a little younger than Emma. Unlike Emma, Sammi was happily married with two children Sammi, who was twenty one and was the reason Sammi had married so young, and her son Henry who was ten. Her Husband, Liam, was a successful businessman with a very high powered job with a major oil company. They lived in Highgate, a trendy part of London, and had a live in nanny that enabled Sammi to devote herself fully to her business. She'd started it because she felt too dependent on Liam and because, since leaving Durham University with a solid 2:1 degree, she'd never really worked or achieved anything, or so she felt. 

Emma had found herself telling Sammi about the successful business that she and her ex had run and that led onto her, unusually, relating many of the details of her marriage break up to her new friend. She told Sammi how he had cheated on her to the extent that it became unbearable and they parted some five years ago and were now divorced. She didn't, though tell her about how both prior to her marriage, during it and since it ended she'd had affairs of one sort or another with a series of other women. Well that's not the sort of thing one woman tells another is it?

Sammi had responded by telling Emma that she'd had a couple of affairs and that although happy in her marriage things were certainly not all they might be in the bedroom. She didn't though tell Emma that she and Liam hadn't had sex now for almost three months.

Sammi came from a moneyed, very middle class background as did her husband Liam. Her father had been a successful banker in the era before the wide boys took over that industry. She glided through her boarding school career doing well at most subjects and sports. University was taken for granted and there she also excelled. 

However, her whole conditioning, really, was that she'd do the education bit but then she'd settle down, marry well and do what middle class ladies do best, breed children. It hadn't occurred to her to question that and the thought of rebelling had never entered her mind. That is until recently. The past three or four years had seen her undergo a radical change in her thinking and outlook.

It had started with sex. Liam's drive seemed to wane over a period of a couple of years and Sammi often wondered if he was having an affair but quickly cast such thoughts from her mind for he was very straight laced. She put it down to the murderous hours he worked and the travelling schedule his job demanded. That and the frequent entertaining of clients he had to do kept them apart a lot and something had to give. And that something was her sexual satisfaction.

Even now, three years later, when she looked back on the times with Barry she could hardly believe it had happened. She'd never been unfaithful to Liam before, never really even thought about it. So to go from that to having a full on affair with, of all people, a carpenter joiner was a quantum leap for her. Barry was building some cabinets in their study. Beautiful cabinets made by hand by him. Like many such true craftsmen he worked slowly, after all perfection can't be hurried can it? So Barry spent many days in their sprawling Georgian, house in Highgate. They got to know each other well with him impressing her with his intelligence and free spirited attitude to life. He was eloquent, extremely well read and great at crosswords. Sammi had been trying to do the Times crossword each day and, although not too successful, she was persevering, after all she had all the time on her hands to indulge that. 

She took to asking Barry for answers and that led to them sitting down each day for coffee doing it together. That meant them sitting close together and that led to them talking about life in general. That led to him asking about why Liam was never around and that led to her opening her heart to him. And that led to him fucking her. And that led to her first affair.

The first time was traumatic for her. Traumatic, guilt inducing, a little demeaning but bloody wonderful.

And that led to them having sex twice or three times a week for almost a month.

At first the guilt and the sense of betrayal of her husband was hard for her to take. But she got used to it and soon she even found it quite exciting to have her secret from Liam. That made her second and subsequent affairs so much easier. 

Her other rebelliousness from the confines of her "happy marriage" was the setting up of the café and delicatessen. She felt she was at last doing something herself. Something where she wasn't bathing in the reflected glory of her superstar husband. So she'd become freer, more outgoing and willing to try new things. Hence, when her new friend Emma had made some subtle remarks about being bi, Sammi had gone along with them and one afternoon the pair of them ended up in Emma's bed making love. It happened a few more times very quickly, before they established a routine whereby they could have sex a couple of times a week, usually in Emma's house in the lull between lunch and early evening rush. It was fun and excitement for both of them as opposed to anything heavy, deep or much more meaningful than pleasurable sex.

Sammi, Sammi's daughter, was at a private college studying drama and stage production so during the long summer break she helped her mum out a lot firstly getting the shop ready and then serving in it. She was beautiful, so Emma thought. She had her mother's blonde hair and slimness, but her father's piercing blue eyes. Where her pert, b to c cup tits came from Emma couldn't guess; certainly not from her mum who had A cups at bestr.

"I've just taken up golf," Sammi announced one day, "You play don't you Emma?" "Avidly," Emma replied.

"You any good?" 

"On my good days, I'm very good and on my bad ones I'm terrible," she smiled. "But that's the lot of most golfers, even the top pros."

"I've had a few lessons from a guy I know at college and I love it."

"Great," Emma said, "why not come to my club, we'll hit some balls on the driving range and then do a few holes."

They made a date for the following Monday afternoon which was always a slow time after the lunch rush. They both took their own cars to the course dressed in their golf clothes. They hit a few balls on the driving range Emma being quite impressed with Sammi's swing although she could see a couple of faults that she was sure she could help her friend's daughter overcome quite easily. Emma had been having lessons on and off for some time and she was sure that was a main reason why she'd managed to get her handicap down to a very respectable fifteen. Lessons and playing two or three times a week since the divorce.

As Emma put her arms around Sammi to demonstrate the takeaway part of the swing the furthest thing from her mind was anything sexual, young women were hardly her thing. Thus the surge of sexual desire that hit her was as surprising as it was powerful. Emma had been with numerous women including Sammi's mum. All, though, had come about either, from circumstances or, by an advance from the other woman. She'd never started anything and in fact had never looked at a woman in the cold light of day, as it was, and thought anything sexual about her. And most certainly she'd never felt anything like this before. 

Yes she'd had feelings from other women. Very strong feelings. Feelings so powerful that those other women had given her orgasms. But never had she experienced the sensation of wanting to seduce another woman as she'd been "seduced." She'd never been the predator or the hunter, no she'd been the prey, the hunted. True, she had to admit, the hunt hadn't needed to very long. She wasn't, she knew, that elusive a prey and she hadn't fought that hard to "escape." 

She managed to put it out of her mind during the few holes of golf but at home that evening, after her fourteen year old daughter had gone to bed and she was sipping a glass of dry white wine watching an episode of Celebrity Get Me Out Of Here the memory of it came back to her.

She couldn't think of any reason why it had happened when it did. Sure Sammi was stunningly attractive. She had just above the shoulder, blonde hair, tanned, glowing skin with freckles on her chest and shoulders, deep, blue eyes, gorgeous lips and a slim but nicely rounded body with pert boobs and a tight bum. 

"That was great yesterday Emma, when we going to play again?" Sammi asked when Emma went into the café for her coffee the next day.

As Emma looked at her and heard those words it happened again. She was worried that she'd blush at the thoughts that went through her mind as the young woman leaned forward, her elbows on the counter cradling her chin. Emma climbed onto one of the high bar stools. She smiled and muttered, 

"Whenever you like Sammi," as her eyes looked right down the front of her dark blue tee shirt seeing the outline of her neat breasts in the white bra. God how she wanted to slide her hand in there and caress those tits.

"Are you ok Emma?" Sammi asked putting her hand on Emma's wrist an looking herv right in the eye a little, knowing smile on her face.

"Yes, yes I'm fine thanks love, just a bit of a cold I expect," Emma mumbled loving the feel of the fingers on her skin. Sammi took her time moving it.

Sammi was surprised at how Emma had suddenly changed. She'd seemed her normal self when she walked in but had suddenly become hesitant, her voice had tightened and she was nowhere near as talkative as usual. She put it down to the cold and busied herself with Emma's coffee and pain au chocolate. They chatted away as Emma managed to pull herself together and put her naughty thoughts and the view down Sammi's blouse out of her mind although she was thinking.

"Fuck, did she see me looking?"

Over the next couple of weeks the feelings kept returning when she was with Sammi and Sammi, when she and Sammi were having sex and when she was alone. These were sometimes the most powerful when she was getting ready for bed and several times she found herself with her hands between her legs and on her full breasts masturbating with visions of Sammi in her mind.

As her mind tortured itself with how she could pluck up the courage to make an advance to Sammi and indeed whether she should, so it recalled how Toni had done that to her the night her marriage ended. Sure she was vulnerable. Upset and distraught at having ended her marriage she was weepy and sensitive so that when Toni had cuddled her Emma had felt warm and comforted. She'd felt a little secure and wanted after feeling so alone and discarded when her husband left. And when Toni had run her fingers through Emma's hair as they'd sat with their arms around each other so her body responded. As she imagined herself doing that to Sammi her thoughts returned to the way that Toni had lifted her face up and the realisation had hit Emma that they were going to kiss. As she recalled those kisses and the first light touch of Toni's hand on her breast so it was Sammi's lips against hers, Sammi's body that was in her arms and Sammi's breast that was being caressed by her, not hers by Toni.

As Emma masturbated slow and very languid lying naked in the middle of her bed so she thought of how Toni had gently and tenderly undressed her and she visualised doing that to her new friend. As her orgasm started to rise the combination of how Toni had made her climax so tenderly and beautifully so many times during that sensational night of love and sex merged with her imagining herself doing that to Sammi.

In the cold light of day, though, Emma's thinking was different.

"She's only fucking twenty one, a mere kid."

"What would she want with and old hag like me?

"How could I possibly fuck the mum and the daughter?"

Smiling as she got dressed she thought "Together wouldn't be a bad way."

That thought gave her a jolt in her stomach like a a kick of a mule. A threesome with a mum and daughter? How fucking sordid was that, she conjectured feeling a little disgusted with herself, but nevertheless excited by the idea.

Sammi had mentioned just after they had met that twice a year she went with Liam on business trips. In the summer it was to North America, usually New York, Dallas, Houston and LA and in the winter, just after Christmas, to the Far East. They had just left for their three week USA visit. Their son had gone with them, but Sammi had opted to stay at home. "I'll keep an eye on the business mum."

"Oh shit, look at the bloody rain," Emma said as she and Sammi huddled together in the doorway of the inside tennis courts in Victoria Park. They'd arranged to play after the lunch time rush in the shop. The weather was fine when they had strolled the few hundred yards to the courts, but now there was an incessant downpour. It looked very much as if it was set in for the rest of the afternoon and evening. 

"What'll we do?" Sammi asked smiling, "We'll get soaked through in just our tennis gear."

"Buggered if I know," Emma replied wondering if they could get a cab but knowing that at this time they were almost impossible especially in the rain. 

"It's only a few hundred yards," she went on, "I guess we'll have to make run for it to my place. You up for a run Sammi?"

"I suppose we'll have to," the blonde said resigned to the fact of getting wet, "At least it's quite warm."

"Come on the let's do it."

It would have been quite a sight for any onlookers or would be voyeurs as the two stunningly attractive women jogged alongside the park as they made their way towards Emma's house. Both in short skirts, Sammi's pale blue and Emma's pink, and thin, white tops that rapidly became almost see through, their bare, tanned legs were quickly soaked and glistening from the rain. Their hair was quickly plastered to their heads and, as they ran, their breasts, particularly Emma's spectacular D cups, bounced and jiggled very alluringly and their bottoms wiggled most attractively, the short skirts blowing in the wind and showing their thin, wet panties

"Phew that was bloody awful," Sammi said as they went into the house, along the black and white tiled entrance hall and into the kitchen.

"I'll make some tea and we'd both better get in the shower quickly or we'll catch our death of colds," Emma said, busying herself with the kettle, tea bags and mugs, trying to avoid looking at the dark shadows of her friends daughter's hardened nipples that were so evident through the thin, soaked top.

"God we must look awful," Sammi said as they walked up the ten steps to the mezzanine floor where the two main bedrooms were located. She glanced at Emma and was surprised at how large her breasts looked now that the wet top was clinging to them almost like a second skin. It accentuated their fullness and clearly showed the outline of her bra and her large upright nipples. They reminded her of her friend at uni, Stephanie. She also had large breasts and was the only woman Sammi had had full sex with. Of course, like most girls her age, she messed around with her mates, dancing erotically at clubs, holding hands and occasionally having a snog, but it hadn't gone much further until Steph.

"Here you go," Emma said showing Sammi through her daughter's bedroom and into the en-suite bath and shower room. "There's plenty of towels and there's some shampoo in the shower. Where did you leave your clothes when you changed before we went out? Oh there they are," she went on seeing Sammi's blouse and jeans on her daughter's bed alongside the small hold all Sammi had brought with her. "So when you're finished just come down to the kitchen and we'll order the Chinese, ok?"

In her own shower, naked, it took all of Emma's resolve not to masturbate. Seeing Sammi in the tight, thin, soaked top had brought back all those feelings and desires that she'd, just about, managed to control recently. But she didn't masturbate and, feeling slightly light-headed, she finished showering and washing her hair, dried herself and got dressed in a pair of jeans and baggy shirt, that she wore outside the jeans with three of the buttons undone. She went down to the kitchen, made the tea and took the two mugs back up stairs. Knocking on her daughter's door she called out, "Are you decent in there Sammi?" her heart pounding as she visualised her friend naked.

"Yes, sure come on in," Emma heard through the closed door. She gulped when she went in and saw Sammi just in her blouse and pale blue panties about to slip on her jeans.

They smiled at each other as Sammi said, "Wow that's much better Emma, thanks, it's a great shower. I didn't bring a clean bra with me I'm afraid and the other one got soaked."

Emma said quite thickly she thought, "Well I can't help you there Sammi, I think mine might be a little large." She looked meaningfully and really quite innocently at her friend's small pert boobs as she added, "Here drink your tea to keep the cold away," 

Sammi looked up and beamed a big smile as she said, "Gee thanks mummy, I feel like your daughter, the way you look after me and being in Sara's room."

Emma could hardly tear her eyes away from the blonde who was standing there totally unselfconsciously, the blouse on, but undone, most of her boobs on show, her jeans around her thighs so that the rest of her body and the pale blue panties were all exposed to her gaze.

"Well you'd better behave yourself then otherwise I'll put you across my knee and give you a good spanking as I do to Sara when she's naughty," Emma laughed. 
