 Anne Wallace was a fine Vicar's wife. Respected by the community , she was a pillar of support for her husband's calling. Her lithe figure, and fashionable dress sense meant that she tended to be noticed, and admired , wherever she went. She and husband John were regarded as a "team" and she prided herself on looking good. Her black pencil skirt, pink blouse and cardigan looked feminine, but restrained. Her high heeled courts were lady-like she thought, and she always wore a touch of make-up. When John was away she tried to deal with as much as she could so that there was as little a backlog of things for him to deal with as possible upon his return. That Friday morning he had left early, and was not due back till late, she resolved to stuff the Parish Newsletter into envelopes.

Louise, by contrast, was a tragic figure who had found solace in Church . The Vicar was an impressive man, but there was something undeniably mysterious about his wife. Although very attractive, she never seemed to flirt with the male parishioners, which Louise put down to wifely duty. Yet she always made time for the women of the Parish.A young childless widow, who had struggled through life, she had visited the Vet's the night before to discover that her beloved pet Spaniel was going to have to be put down. The cares of the world on her shoulder she resolved to call in on the Vicarage on the "off chance" ,as she had done many times before. Never one to turn anyone away, Anne had invited Louise in, to calm her down more than anything.

Sat in an armchair opposite the settee, Anne listened intently to her story. Yet as it unfolded, she became increasingly aware of the storyteller, rather than the story. There was a freshness , innocence and vulnerability about this sad soul which was beguiling. Her small bare feet were tucked into a pair of pretty ballet shoes and her tight jeans showed off a pair of firm shapely thighs. Underneath a little white v neck vest top she could just make out the contours of a pair of modest, but perfectly formed breasts, like those of a teenager. Finally, Louise could control her emotions no longer and broke down into floods of tears.

Instinctively Anne joined her on the settee to offer comfort , putting her arm around Louise's shoulders as she sobbed into her bosom. As she did so the heady aroma of the poor woman's shampooed hair and perfume swirled around her nostrils, and thoughts began to swirl from her subconscious. Thoughts which had been latent since her time at University some ten years ago. Being a Vicar's wife had its plus points, but it also had its drawbacks, one of which was trying to rein in her lesbian cravings which were never far from the surface. Her left hand sat just under the girl's armpit, she adjusted her hand slightly and found her fingers grazing the bra material under her sleeveless top. Anne's senses raced, the taut elasticated band , the satin material, the fine stitching, all were apparent by one brush of the fingers. It sent those old familiar feelings racing around her body.

Louise thought that she had felt the touch, but wasn't sure. Was it intentional? She didn't know, but something made her look up and lightly kiss Anne on the cheek, who reciprocated.

For Anne it was now a question of "now or never", they were alone, there was a beautiful, vulnerable woman in her arms, and she was in control. What started as a peck on the cheek became a full on French kiss as her tongue eagerly explored the young girl's mouth. She moved first to cup her pert breasts, then lower her hand to undo the front of her jeans, "bingo", no resistance.

"I've never done this before," came the plaintiff plea from her victim.

"It's ok, I'll show you what to do, take off your bra and top and drop your jeans, then kneel in front of me on the floor," came the lusty reply.

Anne watched with increasing desire as the young woman did as she was told. Her smallish, but perfectly formed breasts just sat, pert on her chest. Underneath the front panel of her panties she could see just a little trace of some neatly trimmed black pubic hair. It was now time for her to play out her favourite fantasy, one she hadn't enacted for a decade.

"Now I want you to hitch up my skirt to my hips, spread my legs wide, pull the crotch of my panties to one side and lick my pussy till I tell you to stop."

Shocked, Louise stared ahead. She had never had any sort of sexual encounter with another woman, but had often thought about it. And after the disappointments of her life to date this seemed right. With a confident older woman to "show her the ropes", nothing sleazy, just a gentle introduction to the mysteries of Lesbian sex. Obediently she leaned forwards and hitched up Anna's skirt above her thighs. The outer material was expensive, the lining as smooth as silk. It revealed the swirly lace tops of her hold up stockings and the thin pink panties that were the only barrier between her, and her objective. Gently she moved the fingers of her right hand up to pull the gusset to one side. She felt Anna gasp as her fingers grazed her labia, then she sank her face and mouth, as instructed, onto her expectant sex.

She anticipated the salty taste on her lips and tongue, she hadn't anticipate the vice like grip of Anna's stockinged thighs as she closed them around Louise's head in sheer abandonment. The musky smell of pussy juice was mixed with the smell of her freshly laundered hosiery and expensive perfume.

"Oh, that's it you little bitch, keep on, keep on licking, go on cover those pussy lips with your tongue, make me wet, tweak that little clit of mine."

Louise kept up her rhythm as Anna began to grind her crotch against her face. And each time she did she seemed to move her hips just a little further up her face. Her high heels gave her that little bit of extra leverage and instead of just a pussy with pubic hair matted with a mixture of love juice, sweat and saliva in front of her, there was a tight, winking, asshole. She knew what she had to do and drove her tongue as far into this forbidden orifice as far as it would go. The result was electric, Anna reared up as if she had been electrocuted.

"You dirty little bitch! Sticking your tongue up the ass of the Vicars wife! You really must be a dirty Lesbian slut to want to do that. To lick pussy and ass. So you like putting things in pussy and ass do you? Let's see how you cope."

And with that Anna stood up, her skirt roughly falling around her thighs and disappeared into the kitchen, to reappear with a big carrot, and an even bigger cucumber, and a jar of honey.

"Lie down flat on your back you little Lesbian slut, and drop those pretty little panties of yours," she ordered as she placed the new objects down.

Taking off her own panties she threw them to where Louises's lay, crumpled and forlorn, then squatting astride of her face before sitting down, she felt a nose part her pussy lips as she rubbed back and forth. Louise could see nothing other than an expanse of upper thigh and fanny. It was like being blindfolded, but she had a good idea of what was coming next.

"You horny whore," exclaimed Anna as she slipped the cucumber up Louise's cunt "No help required, your prissy little love hole is sopping wet already," and with that Anna began a sawing motion back and forth as she initiated her helpless victim into girl on girl sex.

"Are you enjoying that? Silly question, how much are you enjoying that?" teased Anna, her firm thrusts up Louise's vagina drawing a muffled response as her pussy lips prevented a reply. Now it was time to really test her, she drew a dollop of honey from the jar onto the forefingers of her right hand, then smeared them onto the tiny dilating asshole under the pussy that was welcoming every thrust of the fat girthed cucumber. She felt Louise squirm underneath her as she took the large raw carrot in her left hand, greased it too with honey, then slowly pressed it into the young girls anus.

"Nooooo," came the strangled response between her thighs.

"Quiet my nice little whore," came the response "I could have put the cucumber up there instead." 

And with that she slid the vegetable all the way in as Louise writhed underneath her, a cucumber stuffed up one hole, a carrot the other. That was all it took, the twin pressure was too much for her hapless initiate and she began to writhe uncontrollably on the floor at the mercy of an all consuming orgasm, and as she screamed and lapped at Anna's pussy so she too surrendered to the passion of the occasion and ground her orgasm onto the soft lips of her grateful partner.

Silently, they gathered their things together as they wallowed in their post orgasmic bliss. Both struggling to find the words to articulate the lust and beauty of the union which they had just enjoyed.

"Thank-you Mrs Wallace, thank-you very much, I feel much better now," muttered Louise as she made her way out of the door.

"That's quite alright ,I'll make sure that the Vicar says a prayer for your pet on Sunday" came the initially bland reply, "any time Louise, any time............."