 It is three weeks since Jane and Pam enjoyed their sexual adventure. Pam constantly thought about her new lover with longing. They had spoken a couple of times on the telephone, however Jane always seemed to be busy.

It is a Tuesday evening Pam was watching tv in her apartment above her shop.

The telephone rings.

'Hello'

'Hi Pam'

'Oh Jane I was just thinking about you. So lovely to hear from you. I really miss you.'

Pam's chest tightened, she did not want Jane to know how desperately she craved for her new found friend and lover.

'Sorry have been so busy as usual, but I am calling you for a date.'

'What do you mean a date?'

'You know take you out, and chat to you as in a date?'

Jane giggled. Pam felt herself blushing. Her heart was racing.

'If I just turn up at your place we will end up in bed.'

'That wouldn't be so bad would it?'

Pam giggled.

'I miss you.'

'Oh no did not mean to say that.' She thought'

'Met any nice girls and had hot sex?'

'No the only hot sex was three weeks ago with a very hot lover. You may know her she is called Jane'

Wincing, Jane had not meant to make Pam suffer in any way. She tried to make light of Pam's frustration.

'So any cold sex then?' She giggled.

Pam giggled too. Jane's good humour was infectious.

'I did send off for a vibrator from a discreet website.'

'Mmmm I would like to watch you using it.'

'Don't I deserve the real thing?'

Blushing, Pam thought to herself,

'How did I have the courage to say that?'

'Of course you do. I'll make sure you get the real me not an imposter. So, are you free Saturday evening?'

'Yes. Do you want to stay the night?'

'No darling I will be staying in a hotel.'

'Why, don't you want me?'

'Of course I do silly girl. I'll pick you up at 7.30. Wear something nice, we are going for a meal then a club.'

'We are going to a club?'

'Yes, you do dance don't you?'

'Not for a lomg time.'

'Keep sunday free as well. Got to go now, so I am blowing you a kiss.'

With that Jane rang off. Pam stared at the telephone still in her hand. Her brain was in overdrive, a myriad of thoughts tumbling through her head. 

She felt nervous, excited and full of pure lust, wanting Jane so badly.

The next day Pam closed the shop as usual for the afternoon. She decided to shop for some new sexy underwear, and a new dress.

The following days passed quickly, with Pam becoming more excited as the . weekend loomed.

It was now Saturday afternoon. Pam had a student who helped out in her shop on that day.

'Hazel, it has quietened down a bit would you look after things while I get ready? I am going out tonight.'

'Sure.'

Pam went upstairs to her apartment. Her new clothes lay on the bed. She had bought a black lacy bra, and very skimpy panties. Then she looked at her new dress.

With long sleeves, it was silver with a zebra pattern running throughout. It was the sexiest most daring dress she had ever worn, and the shortest.

When she had tried it on in the shop with her new heels, the assistant had commented on how her legs looked great, and were being shown off at their best.

Pam shivered with excitement. 

'Jane brings out the best in me.' She thought.

'Now, a bath, then I am going to shave my pussy for my hot date.'

Feeling her now smooth mound, she felt incredibly horny She began lightly running her fingers over her sex. Imagining it was Janes hands she began to stroke herself more urgently.

She pushed two fingers deep inside her wet pussy and frantically ground herself on her fingers. Very soon her body was rocking, and she gave herself over to a powerful orgasm.

7.30 on the dot a cab rolls up. Pam rushed to greet Jane, opening the door before she could ring the bell. The two girls just stared at each other taking in their appearances. They were both stunning.

Jane had on a long black dress with a slit right up the left side showing off her long leg. She was revealing a glimpse of her breasts as they were pushed up by her bra. 

The effect was sexy, but tastefully so. Her whole outfit accentuating her stunning figure. Jane took a step back.

'Wow! Pam you look sesational. I am proud to be seen out with you.'

'Gosh, Jane you look absolutely film star stunning.'

Jane pecked her on the cheek.

'Come on cab is waiting. Let's go.'

In the cab the two held hands and caught up with their respective news. The cab drew up to a very upmarket Italian Restaurant.

As they entered they were greeted by the owner.

'Good evening Ladies. Your table is ready, in a quiet corner as requested.'

The girls followed him, arm in arm to their table.

'Jane this is fabulous. How did you arrange this? It is famous around here, and almost always full, especially on a Saturday. How did you manage it?'

'I told you it was going to be a special evening. The owners brother is a customer of mine in London, and he pulled a few strings for me.'

Pam relished her surroundings, and the fact she was with the person she loved, she was so happy.

'You make me feel so special Jane, but you did not need to go to all of this trouble and expense. You could have stayed at my place, I would have been happy to cook for you.'

'It is worth it seeing you looking so gorgeous, and your eyes spakling.'

'Thank you darling but I just want you.'

'That is just it Pam you can't wait around wasting time, waiting for me until I find time to get down here and fuck you every now and then.'

Pam was stung by the words, and blinked back a couple of tears. Jane noted Pam's reaction, and leaning accross the table held her hand.

'Look tonight is about me trying to help you, showing you what you're missing, and what you should be doing, going out and having fun. Then I want to help you find someone who you could be happy with.'

It was hard for Pam not to burst into tears, but she managed to hold herself together.

'So you are dumping me?'

'Of course not silly I will keep seeing you until I know you have found someone you can see regularly and that you are happy.'

'But I want you. The shop could keep both of us. I am sure you could help expand the business if you wanted to.'

'Pam you are just not getting it. I am not the person long term for you. I could not be happy working in the confines of your shop. I am a free spirit.

That is why I love my job so much. I work in a different area every day, see different people every day. That is me.'

Pam looked downcast.

'Hey I care about you that is why I am here. Now relax, let's enjoy each others company and have fun.'

Jane lightly stroked Pam's wrist. Pam tingled at the sensuous touch of her lovers fingers. Just then the waiter appeared and the moment was lost.

He gave them each a menu, and they both composed themselves by perusing the choices on offer.

The wine waiter came over.

'Would you like to order any drinks ladies?'

'Yes please, Pam red or white?'

'I usually drink white during the day, so red would be good.'

'Ok, a bottle of Barolo please.'

'A very good choice Madam. I will be right back.'

'Barolo? Never heard of it, but you impressed the waiter.'

Jane grinned.

'Don't forget some of my customers are top restaurants. I have to learn about their business to know what products to sell them. Barolo is a very good Italian wine, and the one on the menu is aparticularly good year.'

'Oh Jane, compared to me you are so sophisticated.'

'Only more experienced darling.'

'I do so admire you. There will always be a special place in my heart for you.'

Jane thought. 'She is getting too close, too emotional, got to lighten the mood.'

'So, what is the vibrator like?'

Pam spluttered, having taken a sip of wine. Blushing furiously, she whispered.

'Keep your voice down.'

Jane grinned.

'We are in a quiet corner here no one can hear us. So, what do you think or fantasize about when you cum?'

'Jane please stop talking like that, I am getting all sorts of feelings.'

Jane grinned at her beetroot red companion.

'Answer the question.'

Pam avoided eye contact keeping her head lowered.

'Mainly I imagine it is you doing it to me.'

'What about other times?'

Pam was really embarrassed now.

'Please don't think I am a slut, but I watch porn on Google. You know women with women.'

Jane threw her head back and roared with laughter.

'Oh Pam I just love how innocent you are. We all do that from time to time.'

Pam giggled, releived her lover understood.

'This is a really good restaurant, don't you think we should eat? I am hungry, if I don't have some food soon, I will just have to eat you.'

Pam nearly choked. Her pussy was tingling, and she was squirming in her seat.

'Oh please stop talking like this, you know the effect you have on me.'

'Tell me about the porn. Have you seen anything you would liketo try?'

'I see them licking and tongueing their pussies, and I think of how we did that. It makes me very hot.'

'Just like now.' She thought.

'Is that all?'

'I like how they use a strap on cock.'

'There I have said it.' She thought.

Pam could feel her panties were wet, and she clamped her legs together.

'Oh good I have bought a couple with me this trip.'

'What? You are making me wet. Why bring more than one?'

Jane grinned mischeviously, loving the effect she was having. She loved to tease.

'I have an 8 inch one for your sweet little cunt, and a 6 inch one to fuck your virgin ass.'

'Oh God will you just please stop? I have to use the bathroom.'

Pam left the table and walked on wobbly legs. This fact was duly noted by Jane who was enjoying the state she was in. Pam enterd a stall and locked the door.

'Oh I am so wet that girl turns me into an absolute wreck.'

She lifted her dress and took off her soaking panties. Running her finges up and down her pussy she pushed two fingers inside. Her throbbing cunt clamped on to her fingers.

She feverishly frigged herself. With her other hand she paid attention to her clit, rubbing and pinching. Within minutes her hips bucked and she came fast and hard.

Biting her lip to try and stop herself from crying out she moaned softly, panting. She rode her fingers until the spasms stopped.

After cleaning herself she wrapped her panties in some hand towels. Putting them in her bag she re-entered the dining area.

Returning to the table she saw Jane grinning at her.

'Was it a good cum?'

Pam blushed, and just nodded.

'She can read me like a book. I am putty in her hands.' She thought.

'Jane you affect me so badly. I can hardly think straight.'

'No babe I affect you in a good way. You are glowing and your eyes are sparkling. You are a very sexy lady, just beginning to discover herself, and I want to help you on that road to discovery.'

'Oh Jane, I love you so much.'

She blinked back tears of happiness.

The food arrived. They ate chatting away pleasantly. Pam was grateful the topic of sex seemed to be over.

'Wow! That veal was delicious. Everything is wonderful Jane, the wine, your company, all terrific. I am so happy.'

'Good this is a great start to the weekend, lover.'

'Why are you staring at me like that?'

Jane raised an eyebrow

'You are wriggling in your seat again, horny?'

Pam went red. Not sure if she should tell what she was thinking. Then she decided to let nothing spoil the weekend, and to be honest.

'I can't stop thinking of what you have planned for me with your strap on.'

Jane ignored the remark and just smiled warmly.

'Would you like the dessert menu?'

'Oh Jane I could not eat another thing thank you.'

Jane raised her eyebrow agin Questioningly.

'What?'

'You look a little flustered, are you ok?'

'I am fine it is just when you look at me in a certain way I know you are having naughty thoughts.'

'I was just thinking I would not mind a little dessert.'

'Oh I am sorry that was selfish of me.'

She looked around for a waiter, but did not see one, turning back to Jane, she only saw her empty seat.

'Oh I did not hear her leave, she must have gone to find a waiter.'

Just at that moment she felt a tongue softly licking her calf.

'What the...'

'Shush'

The licking turned into kissing, and was moving up Pam's leg, now at the inside of her thigh. Her dress was being pushed up at the same time.

'Move to the edge of your seat.'

Pam oblidged in a daze. Jane kissed and nibbled up to the top of Pam's left thigh. Then she did the same to the right thigh. Pam was shaking.

She nervously looked around to see if anyone was watching them. No one was paying them any attention.

Pam felt so nervous, yet excited and so turned on. The thought of what was clearly about to happen in this restaurant, was making her so horny. Her thoughts raced through her brain.

'I should stop this right now, but oh God I want her to fuck me. Have I become such a slut? Yes maybe I have. I don't care anymore.'

Jane eased Pam's legs apart, amazed to find no panties and a shaved cunt glistening with her wetness. Pulling the lips apart with her thumbs she blew warm air into her open slit.

She watched Pam's pussy react, and felt Pam shudder slightly. She ran her tongue up and down the pussy that eagerly awaited her invasion.

Flicking Pam's clit with her tongue, she pushed her tongue inside as far as it would go and explored the inner walls of her cunt.

This action was driving Pam wild with lust. The tongue licking and probing her inner depths was bringing on the first wave of a rapidly approaching orgasm.

Then something wonderful happened. Jane sucked her clit into her mouth and bit gently. Pam bucked, and came instantly and fiercely.

She wanted to scream out in pleasure. Instead she covered her mouth with a napkin and whimpered and moaned as quietly as she could.

The intensity of her orgasm, and the fact she could not make much noise, plus the fact that they could be discovered at any moment, and the sheer naughtiness of her situation, prolonged her climax.

She shuddered, as another wave of spasms racked her body, and she had two more orgasms. Spilling her girly goo into Jane's waiting mouth.

Jane held Pam's body until she had recovered some of her composure. Then she gently licked her clean. Pam's cunt lips and her clit were so sensitive, she was reduced to whimpering into the napkin.

'Are you alright Madam?'

The waiter looked anxiously at her.

'Yes thanks' Pam croaked. 'Just something whent down the wrong way.'

The waiter handed her a glass of water. She waved him away. Then she heard Jane giggling. She hissed. 

'That is not funny, it was so embarrassing.'

Jane was still giggling, then Pam joined in. She could not be mad at someone who gave her so much pleasure.

'Is the coast clear?'

'Yes.' 

Jane came out from under the table, and resumed her seat. Dabbing her mouth with a napkin, she glanced at Pam.

'Nice surprise, no panties and a shaved pussy. Lovely dessert sweetie.'

Pam blushed but could not stop smiling,as she thought.

'This girl is so hot and sexy she could get me to do anything, and I would.'

'I love you, and love what you do to me. My pusssy is so sensitive to your lips, your fingers. That was the most daring and exciting thing I have ever done.' 

The girls took it in turn to go to the rest room and clean themselves up. Jane paid the bill.

'Shall we go clubbing? We can walk as it is only a couple of streets away.'

They walked arm in arm. The breeze was cool and Pam could feel it on her bare pussy enjoying the sensation.

The club was tastefully furnished, and the low lighting ensured a good atmosphere prevailed.

'Let us grab that booth, and I will get some drinks.'

They sat sid by side, thighs touching. Pam rested her hand on Jane's leg feeling bold in her company and wanting everyone to see she was with this stunning girl as her date.

'What would you like to drink?'

'A G&T would be great thanks.'

Jane returned with the drinks.

'What are you drinking?'

'Scotch on the rocks with just a splash of sprite.'

They touched their glasses together.

'Jane you give me so much confidence. I can't believe I am out in a public place with no panties on.'

'How does it make you feel?'

'Naughty and sexy at the same time. Have you ever not worn any in public?'

'I sometimes go commando when I am working.'

Pam gasped. 'Is it embarrassing?'

'Not for me, just depends who is trying to grab a look. Works well for the order book.'

Jane laughed.

'Normaly I would be blushing but I feel wanton somehow.'

'So you should. You have just had sex in a public place.'

'Oh gosh yes that was soo naughty and sexy, and fabulous I want to do it again with you.'

'Now? Right here?' 

'No, not here in this club. I don't know, another time, another place. Jane there does not seem to be any men in here. Even the bar staff are all girls.'

Jane laughed softly.

'It is a lesbian club. Don't you think the name rather gives it away? The Pussy Kat Club.'

'Oh I am so naive. I have so much to learn.'

'You will darling, just relax and take your time. I will get us some more drinks. You have a look around. See if there is anyone you fancy.'

'What? You are not thinking of setting me up with someone and leaving me are you?'

'Of course not. I told you I was going to help you find a girl friend. Besides you are my date tonight.'

Jane went to the bar.Pam did as she was told and eyed up some of the other customers.

'Mmmm this is rather enjoyable.'

She noticed a couple dancing. They were obviously feeling each other up. Another couple talking together, who both looked interesting to Pam

She was beginning to feel that perhaps she would be confident enough to introduce herself if they split up.

'It would be far too risky if they were actually a couple.' She thought.

She noticed Jane was attracting a lot of admiring glances from several girls. She easily understood why. She oozes confidence, she looks stunning, and with all the hours she puts in at the gym, she moves like a sleek tigress.

'Jane has such a firm body, and flashing that long toned leg as she walks. She could have the pick of any of the girls here.'

A tall blond woman approached Jane.

'Hi sweetie. I haven't seen you in here before, would you like some hot company tonight?'

Jane grinned at the woman, guessing her to be in her early fourties. She looked fit and oozed sex appeal.

'Hi, sorry I am with someone tonight. Another time perhaps?'

'Oh boo! I'm Tasha.'

'Jane. I mean it I will come here again.'

'I will be watching out for you sexy.'

With that, she raked her hand slowly over Jane's ass. Jane responded by wiggling her ass suggestively.

'I will fuck your brains out girl.'

'Looking forward to it already.'

Jane collected the drinks, winked at Tasha, and rejoyned Pam.

'Who was that you were talking to? I saw her stroking your ass, and you looked as though you were enjoying it.'

'Pam, I am with you and only you tonight.'

'I can't compete with the women in here.'

Jane took Pam's hand.

'Listen you must stop torturing yourself. That woman is looking to fuck anyone who catches her eye. There is no substance, no relationship. Definately not what you want, or are looking for.'

'What do I want?'

'You obviously want someone long term who you can share your life with, and I am going to help you do just that. First though I am going to show you a few more girl experiences so you can decide exactly what you are looking for.'

'Oh Jane you seem to be able to read me like a book. You are so right. I don't want to sleep around I want to be part of someones life and they be part of mine. I just wish it were you.'

'Don't get too serious too soon. I have told you it is not me, but that does not mean we can't have fun, and enjoy being close from time to time.'
