 This short story was inspired by the real life Lili Cong...

MADAME CONG

"Is this your final decision?"

The tall, elderly foreman of the jury wiped some sweat from his forehead as he glanced around the courtroom. This was his one moment of fame. 

"Yes, Your Honor," he replied, pushing his chest out. "The case of Mrs. Sara James is upheld against Madame Lili Cong of Cong Enterprises." 

Valerie Townsend was ecstatic. The young barrister had put together a thorough, detailed and patient presentation of the facts during the long trial. Not only that, but she had been up against one of the country's finest barristers in Toby Griffith-Jones. The grey-haired barrister came with a huge reputation, but then her own status was growing with every successful case. Today's victory was the pinnacle of her young career.

She glanced across the courtroom towards Madame Cong, expecting to see anger, frustration and who-knew what else on that Oriental face. After all, Valerie had just taken down a giant in the business world. Until now, Madame Cong had never lost a battle in the courtroom.

But instead of any angst appearing on that beautiful face, the ultra chic and sexy dragon lady was staring back at Valerie, a chilling half-smile on her lips. The meaning was clear.

Our battle isn't finished yet.

Yes it is, Valerie thought to herself. She was going to relish the victory, savour the kudos it brought her in the legal world, and enjoy an expensive celebratory dinner with her husband tonight. 

Afterwards, she was going to fuck his lights out. How long was it since they'd made love? She'd been so focused on the case that their marriage—and any intimacy—had taken a back seat while the trial had progressed. She needed to make up for lost time...

*

"God, you feel good, baby," Valerie whispered huskily. 

She sat upwards as she straddled her husband, running her fingers through her luxurious red hair as she moved on him. Jeremy stilled her bouncing tits, squeezing them gently at first, just the way she liked it. 

"Fuck yes," she moaned. "Pinch them, baby. Harder."

She had nipples that grew long and hard out of her small areola and he had learned early in their relationship just how sensitive they were. But pinching usually came later in the night, when she was close. 

"God, yes!" she whimpered as he squeezed them again. "Harder, baby! Fuck me harder!"

Jeremy grunted as he jerked up into her, meeting each of her powerful downward undulations. Their bodies rippled and panted until Valerie tossing her hair and snapped her head and body back as she climaxed, clutching her ankles behind her as her orgasm ravished her.

"That was good, honey," she eventually told him, still breathing heavily. 

Her voice cracked as she spoke and she leaned down to kiss him lazily, shifting her hips as she moved. They both gasped as his cock shifted with her.

"So this will be a regular occurrence again, now the case is over?" Jeremy teased.

He was only half joking. It was the longest they'd gone without sex since they'd first met, but she hadn't been able to afford any diversions during the trial. Madame Lili Chong was a slippery customer and gaining a conviction was an unbelievable achievement, even though it had simply led to a suspended sentence.

How could the judge have been that lenient? If Valerie didn't know better, anyone would think he was on Madame Chong's payroll...

She pulled at her husband's shoulder, signalling for him to roll over. He might need to rest, but she didn't. She wanted him on top, and somehow she managed to change positions without him pulling out of her. 

"Yes, like this," she grunted, pushing her hips upwards and easing his cock in and out of her in long, slow strokes. "Fuck me like this." 

He moved as directed to begin with, but it wasn't long before she needed more. When she began to pump her body upwards, he quickly caught on and pounded down into her. Once, twice, and again. Faster this time.

"Yeah!" she breathily cried, matching his movements thrust for thrust. "Come on, Jeremy, fuck me like you mean it!" 

"Make your mind up," he chuckled, but the grin quickly changed into a snarl of lust as she wrapped her long legs around his back, pulling him deeper with each thrust.

Her red hair fanned out across the pillow as the fuck turned frantic. Her eyes were shut as she neared her second orgasm, but it was his climax she wanted now. She needed to feel him empty his balls into her smooth cunt.

"I'm so close again! Are you?" she gasped.

"YES!" The word came out as a throaty snarl.

"Then do it," she urged him, digging her fingernails into his thighs. ""Cum, for me..." 

He exploded almost instantly and Valerie hissed as he filled her with his seed. That was better. She'd let him sleep now, but when she awoke he'd better be ready to go all over again.

*

Valerie and Jeremy had met up in the City, finding a restaurant close to the newly renovated convention centre. They'd been chatting casually about nothing in particular when the dark haired woman had entered and taken a table in her line of sight. 

It had to be coincidence, didn't it? Madame Cong wasn't the type to stalk anyone. But even so, having the powerful Oriental businesswoman sitting in such close proximity made her nervous.

Heck, it was more than that. Valerie could actually feel the heat of her presence run through her body and finally settle in her pussy. There was something undeniably sexual about the older woman; she had thought that throughout the trial. Although she would never admit it to anyone, Lili Cong gave off a vibe that instantly made her moist.

Valerie had been with other women before she was married, of course. What woman hadn't in this day and age? For a while, she'd been content to drift between lovers of either gender until she'd met Jeremy. But the Parliamentary high-flyer had swept her off her feet. He was rich, charismatic, and powerful in the political field. 

Since they'd met she'd been completely faithful and adored him for regularly taking time out of his busy schedule to help her advance her career.

She glanced over his shoulder at Madame Cong's table. A few strands of the woman's dark hair sexily fell across her face and her dress was displaying almost as much of her long toned legs as it was her impressive cleavage. But it was her eyes that got to Valerie more than anything. 

They smouldered as she smiled across at her.

God, she was a sexy bitch, but a very dangerous one, too. And Valerie had no intention of joining in with whatever game she was playing right now. Part of her wanted to suggest to Jeremy that they leave and eat elsewhere, but that would have been running away.

Instead, she excused herself and headed for the restrooms. A quick freshen up would help her ease the tension she was feeling. 

*

Alone in the restroom, Valerie placed her palms face down on the cool counter and stared at herself in the mirror, seeing the need in her eyes staring back. As soon as they'd eaten and returned home, she intended to take her husband to bed and fuck his brains out again.

Then she could put all thoughts of this woman out of her mind.

But ... what she hadn't anticipated was that Madame Cong was going to follow her into the restrooms. She was dabbing water on her face when the Oriental beauty entered, glancing up to see her in the mirror. 

The older woman stood with her back to the door, arms folded across her breasts, just staring at Valerie. Then she spoke.

"I love the pose. Is that for me?"

Valerie realised that she was still half bent forward—the position she'd adopted when Jeremy had fucked her against the bedroom wall this morning. A bead of sweat broke out on her forehead as she stood up and rested her hands on the counter behind her, holding her up. She wasn't going to be intimidated, even if she felt weak at the knees.

"What do you want?" she asked.

Madame Cong smiled as she sauntered across the room, stopping just short of her. She had one meticulously plucked brow raised, the corners of her full lips turned up in amusement.

"To congratulate you, Valerie," she said. "I was impressed with the way you handled the case."

"Thank you," Valerie guardedly answered. 

There had to be more to it than that, didn't there? She quickly found out that there was.

"I was so impressed, in fact, that I would like to hire you as my personal lawyer."

Valerie blinked twice as she stared at her. The woman couldn't be serious, surely? But the expectant look on her face suggested she was. 

"That's not an option," she quickly replied, shooting her an indignant frown. "I work for the good guys, not the other way around."

Madame Cong let out a soft chuckle at the response. She raised a hand to Valerie's face and when the younger woman quickly turned her head to the side, she used her beautiful, long, red fingernails to caress her cheek. Valerie could feel her nipples begin to pierce her thin top and knew that if she let go of the countertop, she would crumble in a heap.

"I have to get back to my husband," she said, trying to keep her tone steady.

Madame Cong nodded, acknowledging and yet dismissing the comment.

"But we have to conclude our business first," she quietly said. "What makes you so sure that I'm not a 'good guy'?"

Valerie snorted. 

"For the reasons set out in court," she snapped back. "I still think you are running a prostitution ring behind all your clever ventures."

This time the Oriental woman threw her head back as she laughed.

"I was convicted but given a suspended sentence," she smirked. "A jury sees what it wants to see and you were brilliant in there. That's why I was convicted. But the judge thought otherwise, and that's why I'm standing here today. So let's not be silly, how much will it take to lure you to work for me?"

Valerie defiantly shook her head. "That's never going to happen."

"Never? Such a silly word, don't you think? Let's put it to the test, should we?"

She moved closer, standing close enough for the young barrister to smell her perfume. Valerie immediately realised her mistake. She'd already proven in court that this woman had developed a fragrance that made poor, unfortunate women act out their most lurid desires. The aroma was filling her senses to such an extent that it was becoming difficult to resist.

"I know how you're feeling," Madame Cong said, placing her hands on the redhead's shoulders and turning her to face the mirror. 

She stared at her reflection as she leaned even closer against her, letting her prey inhale her aroma. The effect was potent, this close.

"It's a herb I extracted from Borneo," she explained, raising her hands to cup Valerie's breasts through her blouse. "It has powerful qualities, but then we already know that..."

She ran her tongue along the young woman's neck, delighting in the way the beautiful girl was already becoming putty in her hands. 

"The one thing I kept thinking in court was how fuckable you were," she sensuously murmured. "You have wonderful tits, you know. Wouldn't you like to show me them?"

As she spoke, she grabbed the two sides of the pink blouse and ripped them apart, sending buttons flying about the restroom.

"Oh, dear, I wonder what your husband will say when you return in this state," she teased.

Her palms fondled the younger woman's exposed breasts through the fine lace of her Lejaby white bra, before dragging both cups upwards.

"Magnificent," she breathed in her ear as she took each nipple between her thumbs and forefingers and squeezed hard.

Valerie couldn't help but give a little cry.

"If what you said in court is correct," Madame Cong continued. "The fragrance only allows the woman to act out her most vivid cravings, isn't that right? I wonder what yours are, my dear. Should we find out?"

Valerie knew she should resist, tell her to stop, push her away. After all, anyone could enter the restrooms at any moment. And yet ... the aroma that was filling her senses compelled her to stay. It made something dark and animal within her just want to surrender to the moment.

She stared at Madame Cong's reflection in the mirror as the Oriental woman's hand slid downwards. It found the hem of her skirt and then slithered underneath.

"If you're wet, you'll come and work for me," she breathed, lightly biting down on Valerie's earlobe. "If not, I'll leave you alone..."

Her fingers eased inside Valerie's thong, and the young barrister could even feel herself moving her legs apart to give the woman the access she needed. When Madame Cong's finger parted and entered her opening, the ease with which she was penetrated spoke volumes. That along with the groan of pleasure she forced from her lips.

"I think we both win," the Oriental woman whispered.

With a salacious grin, she pulled her fingers away, still glistening with Valerie's juices, and held them up between them. 

"You see, you were right in the courtroom," she confessed. "The fragrance does make a woman give in to her lewdest needs. But you know, Sara James isn't that important in the grander scheme of things. She was just an elevator humper."

"Wwwwha....ssss an elevator hhhhumper?" Valerie asked.

She was so aroused she could barely speak.

"Oh, an elevator humper is a bitch that is trained by me to excite important businessmen and women in elevators," Madame Cong explained, as if it was the most natural thing in the world. "They will hump anything and anyone after proper training."

She casually slid her hand back inside the redhead's thong, finding and then rhythmically rubbing her clit. Despite her shame and humiliation, Valerie couldn't help responding, frantically humping the working fingers.

"See, you would make a perfect elevator humper, too," Madame Cong happily breathed in her ear. "But I have bigger plans for you, Valerie. I intend to bring out every single sluttish tendency you've ever had. You'd like that, wouldn't you?"

Valerie whimpered. She didn't want this, she wanted to stop. It was wrong. Her husband was waiting and this woman was taking advantage of her. She hated her for doing this to her. 

But a part of her loved it, too. It was the dirtier, animal part that she usually kept hidden... 

And all the time, those wonderful fingers were rapidly propelling her towards what felt like it was going to be an intense climax. She was so turned on, she couldn't stop herself from humping back.

"Feel how your pussy glides and rides my fingers," the Oriental woman teased, building up the heat with words as well as actions. "You're just begging for release, aren't you? You need to cum, Valerie, don't you?" 

Everything was a blur now. The older woman's fingers were ramming inside her so quickly that Valerie couldn't even think, let alone react. All she could do was hump back on those wonderful fingers, like a demented out of control dervish.

"That's it, my little girl, let it all out," Madame Cong rasped, biting down so sharply on her earlobe that she drew blood. "The fragrance doesn't lie. Give your cum to your new Mistress like the dutiful bitch you are..."

The words exploded inside Valerie's mind at the same time as the orgasm detonated inside her body. Her senses had been pushed beyond what they could cope with, and the burning pleasure consuming her was flooding from deep inside her mind as well as her body. 

She screamed out as she came, frantically squeezing her thighs around the wonderful fingers as her climax went on and on. The tremors just wouldn't stop, and she found herself humping again and again on Madame Cong's hand until, eventually, the last animal cry had been squeezed from her lips and the Oriental woman had wrung every last drop of emotion from her overheating body.

When she fell back against the counter, Madame Cong presented her juice covered fingers to her.

"Suck," she simply said.

Valerie obediently opened her mouth, too dazed and still too aroused to do anything follow her instruction. Had this really happened? The Oriental woman's fingers in her mouth confirmed that it had. 

"The best thing is," Madame Cong whispered, smiling in the mirror at her as the redhead sucked her fingers clean, "this was all captured on film. Did you know that there are cameras in here?" 

She nodded upwards at the flashing red light.

"But don't worry," she soothingly added. "I know the owner. We wouldn't want you disbarred from the legal profession, would we, not when your talents are going to prove so useful. As long as you work for me, I promise our secret will be safe."

She turned away from the mirror and walked halfway across the room towards the door, before stopping on her heels and turning back.

"I suggest you call my secretary tomorrow and sort out the details, yes? In the meantime, you'd better try to fix that blouse and get back to your husband. I'm sure he'll be wondering what's happened to you..."