 It was nothing like she had imagined it. Simran was positively animalistic in bed, wanting to taste every inch of her body from head to toe and back again. Her voice seemed an octave lower, hoarse with lust as she writhed against Seema. Seema enjoyed it, none the less. Finally, they were making love and Simran was certainly pushing all the right buttons in the darkness of the bedroom, keeping Seema on the brink of orgasm for hours on end. 

Seema couldn't wait to bring Simran to her own a boiling climax. She wondered how Simran would taste.

"Mmm," moaned Simran. "I love your pussy."

She pushed her tongue into Seema again and again until Seema could stand it no longer.

"Oh Sim, please, I want to come."

There was no answer from Simran, save a mischievous giggle as she removed her tongue just before Seema could come.

"Please, Sim. Make me come."

Simran cooed from between Seema's legs. She circled her tongue around, lightly flicking Seema's sensitive nub. Seema closed her eyes. 

"Mmm, gosh I love you, Sim."

Simran's answer was muffled as she pressed her face into the sweet wetness. She circled and flicked her tongue with such skill that Seema soon felt the tell-tale ache of her approaching climax.

"Oh my gosh," she gasped as she pulled her knees up to her chest. Simran's tongue sent waves of extreme pleasure pulsing through Seema's body until she had to release. "I'm. Going. To. Cuummmmm!"

Seema moaned, gulping air down as her body spasmed through her climax, Simran's unrelenting tongue sending wave after wave of hot and wonderful release to Seema's overloaded pleasure centres.

Simran knew exactly when to cease her flicking, moving her tongue down to Seema's wet and yielding opening before her clitoris became over sensitive.

"Ahh, my gosh," Seema laughed breathlessly. "You are so amazing at that."

Simran slithered up until she was looking Seema in the eye. When their lips met in a loving kiss, Simran's lips and tongue bore the taste and scent of her own sex. Seema found it so very erotic.

As their fervent kissing continued, Seema felt Simran pushing her crotch against her leg. Seema ran her fingers through Simran's soft, wavy hair, gently pulling her in. 

"I want to make you come, my love," whispered Seema as she broke away from what was the most loving, erotic kiss she had ever had.

"Ok," Simran said in a silky voice.

They swapped places. Simran lay on her back and gazed intently at Seema. Seema smiled devilishly and kissed Simran's nipples, taking one then the other in her mouth to gently suckle. Simran closed her eyes, writhing in slow motion on the soft cotton sheets. 

Seema climbed in between her lover's legs and kissed a slow, deliberate line from Simran's sweet breasts, down and down, until the soft bristles of Simran's mound brushed her chin. Seema caught the faint scent of Simran's sex as she moved further down, using her tongue to trace a line from the top of Simran's triangle down to the warm fleshy mound just above her...

...Slowly, the moving images became diffuse, sepia tones creeping in from the outside. The depth of field distorted, nauseatingly pinching back from the centre. Then, there was a window, curtains drawn across it. The sun outside tried its best to break through the cream coloured material.

The soft sounds of Simran's pleasured moans, and mattress springs flexing as she writhed under Seema's loving touch seemed to gradually fade away. Little droplets of frustration and disappointment splashed cold across Seema's mind. 

The dream dimmed, replaced by the muted morning sun seeping through the curtains of her spare bedroom.

Seema groggily opened her eyes. Her frustration at the interruption of her wonderful dream was tangible, but there was also a modicum of confusion. Just for a second. Why was she in her spare room?

Then, like a boot up sequence, memory flooded back, and she almost felt miserable. She hadn't had much sleep at all. She pushed herself up on an elbow, rubbed her eyes and yawned. Next to her, the bed was empty, a small indentation on the pillow where Simran had laid her head throughout the night, serene and beautiful in her sleep, her lustrous hair like an obsidian flow on the white pillow case. Seema sighed wistfully.

"Sim?" she called, her mind still foggy.

She looked towards the door. It was ajar, but no sounds came from beyond. She spotted her baggy t-shirt on the floor, thrown off the night before. She recalled the bath she had taken before slipping in to bed next to Simran, both of them naked. That memory would remain sharp in her mind. She managed a smile.

She blinked hard against the sleep in her eyes and ran her fingers through her tousled hair. For a moment she sat still, breathing steadily to clear her senses. Her dream had been a particularly graphic affair, which she didn't at all mind. She ran a finger over the softness between her legs and was not surprised at how wet she was. She cleared her throat.

She threw the duvet back and got up to retrieve her t-shirt. She slipped it on and opened the door. Her flat was silent.

"Sim?" she called again. Her voice echoed back from the far wall. She looked across to the bathroom door. It was wide open but silent within. 

Padding first to the kitchen, and then to her bedroom, she realised that Simran had obviously left earlier. She was filled with a sense of emptiness, and a mild depression fell over her. She hugged her arms around her. 

'Why had Simran left without saying goodbye?' she wondered. Seema worried; maybe she should have left her t-shirt on before getting in to bed with Simran the night before. Had Simran woken up, seen Seema sleeping naked next to her, and bolted in disgust?

"But she wanted me to sleep next to her," Seema whispered to herself.

She padded back in to the spare room and stepped on to the futon. She knelt down, crossed her legs and pulled the duvet up and around her shoulders. It was still warm and cosy and she could still smell Simran's faint scent on the duvet cover.

Seema flicked a glance at the alarm clock on the bedside table. 10.30 am. She had overslept. 

"What the heck, it's Saturday," she whispered glumly to herself. 

She was about to snuggle back up in the duvet, when she caught sight of a folded piece of paper next to the alarm clock. 

She picked it up. Written on the front was her name. The writing was beautiful. It was Simran's writing. She opened the folded sheet, not knowing what to expect. In her downbeat mood she thought Simran would say that last night was 'wrong', and maybe they had better not spend so much time together. Seema sighed morosely and unfolded the note.

The message inside read;

Hey Seem!

Just gone back to my place to get a few things.

Couldn't bring myself to wake you-you seemed 

to be having a nice dream! Will be back in a bit

with some things for breakfast. Took your keys

for flat. Will let myself back in! Will try not be

too long.

Laters.

Sim xxxx

Seema re-read the letter. 

She smiled, pressing the note to her chest, suddenly filled with enthusiasm for the rest of the day. Her malaise blown away by Simran's words, she jumped back out of bed and fetched her robe from her bedroom, wrapping it around her and tying the belt as she skipped through to the kitchen.

She filled the kettle and flicked the switch. She took a pint of milk from the fridge and placed it on her kitchen table, along with plates, knives and forks and glasses. The take out from last night still sat in the fridge. Takeout food never smells quite so good the morning after, but Seema didn't care. 

She was so happy that Simran was obviously ok with everything. It was another wonderful gush of relief. And, the four kisses on the note made all the difference for Seema. Seema's dream popped back in to her head. She frowned and chuckled in disbelief at the peculiarly detailed dream. Waking up from that and finding Simran gone, had been a shock. 

Seema suddenly recalled Simran's back injury. She wondered if it was better this morning. She sighed as the memory of her massage flooded into her mind. Whilst she felt great joy at knowing Simran would be coming back at any moment, she reminded herself of her decision from the night before.

"Remember; never lose her friendship, ok."

A loud knock at the door snapped Seema from her dreamy thoughts. A frown crossed her face and she felt mild disappointment. 

"Can't be Sim, she's got my keys."

She pulled her pink robe around her and tightened the belt further as she padded over to the door. She peered through the spy hole but could only see a fisheye's view of the greening trees outside. Seema frowned and opened the door.

Leaning against the door frame was someone she didn't expect, nor wanted to see. It was Jake, her ex-partner. Seema blinked and instinctively pulled the lapels of her robe together.

"Hey, how's my sexy girl," drawled Jake, leaning in through the doorway.

His breath reeked of booze and a recently smoked cigarette, and his bloodshot blue eyes focused somewhere slightly beyond Seema. From his droopy inane grin, remnants of an expensive cologne and his dishevelled jeans and designer shirt, he had obviously spent the whole night out.

"J...Jake, what are you doing here?"

"Can I come in?" He ran his fingers through his thick matt of blonde hair.

"Well, no. You can't."

"Aww, come on, girl," Jake said, unsteadily pushing his bulk upright with his elbow. He grunted at the effort.

"Jake, why are you so drunk? It's not even near lunchtime yet."

"Ah...bit of an all-nighter. Went out straight after work with the boys, y'know. Look, I'll cut the crap and get straight to the point. I've seen the errors of my ways, you know. I want us to~," Jake belched. "I want us to try again, yeah? You and me..."

After an incredulous pause, Seema laughed sarcastically. "You mean your blonde has dumped you!"

"Yeah." Jake frowned and slowly made sense of what Seema had suggested. "I mean, no, no. I dumped her. Obviously!"

"Really."

"Yes, really. Look, what my friends used to say..."

Seema shook her head. Jake's friends had never liked her. She recalled many an awkward evening sat amongst them; posh dinner parties or expensive clubs where a round of drinks cost an arm and a leg. Her skin used to crawl as they mentally undressed her, or worse, just plain ignored her as if she was beneath them all. Seema was certainly not upper class like Jake and his cabal. She wondered why the heck she had put up with it.

"Jake, don't bother~"

"What my friends used to say about you being..." Jake gesticulated, drunkenly flapping his arms around. "I never took any notice..."

"What, a woman?" Seema was getting impatient. She wanted Simran back and Jake out of her apartment.

"No. You know. Me and you, and me being white and everything, and you being a..."

Seema recoiled as if she had been struck, her face screwing up, hurt and shocked at the thought of Jake and his despicable friends making horrid and lewd comments about her. She could well imagine what was said after they had broken up. Tears stung her eyes.

"You bastard, Jake!" she said in an unsteady voice. "Go away and don't ever bother coming b~."

Before she could slam the door in his hideous face, Jake lunged through the doorway slamming the door back against the wall and almost knocking Seema off her feet.

"Stop it, get out!" she yelped.

Jake was too heavy and too strong. He grasped Seema by the shoulders, an angry look in his eyes as he glared down at her.

"Calm down my princess," he said between gritted teeth.

"Oww," Seema gasped. "Jake, you're hurting me. Get off!"

Jake let go, held his hands up and forced a smile. "Ok, ok!"

"Jake, I want you to leave." Seema was beginning to feel vulnerable.

"Well, I'm not going to leave. Look, I'm sorry about barging in, ok."

Jake pushed the door behind him, but it didn't shut.

Seema patted her chest and took a deep breath trying to stop her voice from wavering. "Ok. But I want you to go. You're scaring me."

"Scaring you!" Jake laughed incredulously. "Why would I wanna scare you?"

"Jake, please, I want you to go." Seema peered passed Jake's muscular frame towards the front door. It was still ajar, but he was effectively blocking any route for escape.

"Look, princess. We were made for each other. Remember our first holiday? Remember how happy we were? Remember the sex? The great sex. Remember moving in to this flat?" Jake waved his arm. "This was our flat." 

"That I paid for, remember?"

"But you wouldn't be in this flat if it wasn't for the fact that we were a couple, and my parents made the deposit. Remember?"

"Jake~"

"It's way too big for you on your own, and you've hardly got any stuff in here anyway! It's like the waiting room of a doctor's surgery. Look, princess, I'm due a shit-load of money soon, parents and work bonuses, y'know. I can move back in and we can get this flat looking way better. Look at your TV! It's shit! Not even got a hi-fi. A cheap sofa. Cheap everything!"

"Jake, you forfeited everything because of that blonde. None of this is yours now. And~"

"Princess," Jake said smoothly, walking towards Seema. 

Seema was starting to feel scared. He had a menacing look in his eye and she was well aware of his temper, especially when he was fuelled with alcohol.

"Princess," Jake chuckled. "Why the scared look, hmmm?"

Seema quickly walked sideways to the sofa and sat down, glancing at the front door a few inches ajar. She crossed her legs and wrapped her arms tightly around herself.

Jake sidled over and knelt down in front of Seema. She tried to avoid his gaze but he grinned without humour and rolled his head from side to side trying to secure her look.

"Jake, just go, ok. Someone's coming round at any moment."

"What? That little boyish girl? What was her name?" Jake rubbed his chin. "Oh yeah, Simran, wasn't it?"

Seema stayed silent.

"Hm. Simran. Best of mates, you two, eh! Years now, isn't it? Saw her leaving this morning. Spend the night, did she? You know she's a dirty little slut, don't you? Fucks anything with a dick." A cruel laugh erupted from Jake's slack mouth.

"No, she isn't!" Seema blurted, glaring furiously at Jake. "She's been a good friend to me. And I don't like the idea of you spying."

"I wasn't spying, princess. What's to spy on, anyway? Got something to hide?"

Jake put his hand on Seema's knee.

"Get off!" Seema brushed his hand away, stealing a quick and desperate glance to the door. She felt frightened and her heart was beating fast.

Jake's lewd smile left his face. His eyes took on a malicious glint as he put his hand on her knee again and again, only for Seema to brush it off.

"Get off!" Seema yelped, looking towards the door again. She wanted to escape.

Suddenly, Jake lunged forward to kiss her, his foul breath making her feel sick. She instinctively pushed him away with a sudden panic-rush of strength, causing him to topple back awkwardly on his knees.

"Just bloody well go away!" she screamed. 

Jake's upper lip curled into a snarl. With a motion too quick for Seema's reactions, he swung his arm, slapping her hard across the face, the crack of skin on skin a brittle echo around the apartment.

Seema yelped in pain and fell backwards on the sofa. Tears stung her eyes and pain flared across her cheek. For a short moment, everything blurred and her right ear rang from the crack of his slap. The totality of her shock and horror paralyzed her. She stared in helpless disbelief as Jake swiftly undid his belt and zipper, dropping his jeans to reveal an obscene semi flaccid erection. He peered down at his member and angrily milked it between thumb and finger, willing it to harden.

Seema's senses returned, pure panic clearing her mind. She saw her opportunity and tried to jump up from the sofa, but Jake lunged and pushed her down, savagely catching her face hard with his elbow. She wailed as the pain and salty taste of her own blood registered. She tried to scream but her lungs seemed unable to expel any air. She pulled at his hair and rained feeble punches to his head, but Jake easily managed to pin her wrists above her head to the sofa using one strong hand.

He pushed against her knees with is hips as he wrenched her legs apart and suddenly his penis was against her. He snarled as he thrust against her mercilessly, drool dripping from his booze-slackened mouth. His nostrils flared in angry frustration as his limp penis blindly jabbed at her, failing to fully penetrate.

Seema tired from her thrashing as she tried with all her might to break free. She was only dimly aware of her surroundings as her brain protectively shut everything out. She was aware of her own high-pitched wailing and weak, flailing legs, but it felt as if she was a distant observer. All she wanted was for this to be over, and not have to see Jake's ugly, straining features as he moved against her, grunting and muttering through gritted teeth. She stared up at the ceiling.

But something caught her attention, partially bringing her out of her waking nightmare. She heard a scream, spotted a flash of movement, then heard a dull thud; something heavy against something hard. More screaming, angry screaming. Jake released her wrists from his vice-like grip.

Her surroundings abruptly came back in to focus. She sat up, her whole body convulsing, and babbled incoherently as her senses returned. There was a shout, and another angry scream full of shock.

"Bastard! Fucking evil bastard!"

It was Simran. Seema cried out in relief, and held her arms out to her, wailing her name.

Simran aimed another blow at Jake, but only managed a glancing effort to his shoulder. She was wielding a small saucepan in a two-handed grip. 

"Sim...," wailed Seema.

"Fuck off you fucking psycho!" yowled Jake, glaring at Simran. His eyes were wide with shock as he wiped at a thick river of blood oozing its way down his forehead. 

"Get out!" Seema howled, crying in convulsive gasps. She had fallen off the sofa to her knees, but she didn't have the strength to stand up.

Simran jumped across to put herself between Seema and Jake. She aimed another blow, hitting Jake square on his arm as he covered his head defensively.

"Fuck. Fuck. Fuck! Fucking psycho!"

"Go away, now!" Simran screamed, her voice hoarse and cracked. "Fuck off!"

The screams and shouts battered at Seema's shattered senses. She pressed her hands to her ears and closed her eyes.

Jake staggered to his feet and hastily pulled his trousers back up, lifting an arm to fend another powerful blow accurately aimed at his bleeding head. He lurched towards the open door holding his jeans up with one hand, screaming obscenities. He turned before leaving, a menacing and vindictive sneer on his face as he glared at Simran.

"I'll get you back for this, understand? Maybe I'll have to give you some proper di~" 

Simran charged towards him, throwing the saucepan as she moved. But he was too quick and the saucepan bounced ineffectually off the door with a loud reverberating clang. 

Seema heard his unsteady footsteps as he ran. 

Simran slammed the door and locked the yale. She turned quickly to Seema and rushed forwards, bursting in to tears as she dropped to the floor next to Seema. She held Seema's face in her hands.

"Seem, oh shit, Seem. What's he done to you? Shit, no, no, no. You're bleeding." She dabbed at the blood oozing from Seema's top lip.

Seema convulsed and choked on her wracking sobs. She put her arms around Simran and hugged her tight, nuzzling in to her chest, not wanting to ever let go. She felt safe now.

"Forgot to ask," Seema said deliriously between convulsive sobs. "How's your back, Sim? Are you staying now? Don't go anywhere now. I want you to stay here. Please. Stay here. Don't go anywhere." Seema's words trailed off as her uncontrollable sobs choked her speech.
