 Seema lay on her side, propped her head up and gazed at her. 

Simran had just stirred, waking Seema in the process. She lay on her front, one arm under the pillow, the other hanging languidly off the edge of the bed, still fast asleep. Her tousled hair was spread out over her shoulders and partly obscured her face. She was taking up most of the single bed, and Seema only had a thin strip to lie on.

Seema smiled as she gently stroked Simran's hair from her face. In deep sleep, she had a relaxed and contended look, her cheeks flushed ever so slightly, with her lips parted a millimetre and her slow, deep exhalations gently whistling from her nose. All Seema wanted to do was devour her, worshipping every square inch of her body.

Seema considered the rough and scary rollercoaster ride her emotions had taken over the last few days. So many ups and downs had left her drained. But now, lying next to Simran, she realised that she would go through it all again just to be with her girl.

Love is a strange thing, Seema thought. She felt an overwhelming mixture of emotions. All at once she felt like crying with joy, but also laughing at the giddy and intense feelings she had for Simran. It felt like her insides were independent from her body as they rolled around, buffeted by the exciting and powerful feelings of besotted love. Seema took a deep breath to try and steady herself. She smiled, stroking her fingers over Simran's shoulders.

The bed clothes had been pushed off during their sleep. The hotel room was warm. Seema looked down the length of Simran's body. The beautiful way the small of Simran's back curved up to the smooth globes of her buttocks, their cleft pointing a straight line that continued between her legs to her feet, bolstered Seema's carnal desire.

Seema resisted. For now, she thought, as she kissed Simran's shoulder. She gently rolled off the bed and explored their little hotel room. It was certainly cosy, with a small wardrobe, a little TV and the usual mini-kettle and selection of individually wrapped biscuits. Seema took a custard cream and finished it in two bites. They hadn't eaten yet, and her stomach grumbled at its emptiness.

She picked up Simran's clothes from the floor and hung them over the radiator to dry. Seema took one look at Simran's slippers and almost put them in the bin; they had been well and truly spoilt after their sprint through the puddles. She popped them on the radiator too.

As she stood at the foot of the bed, she gazed again at Simran, snoring lightly. Seema knew that she needed to sleep, but she couldn't. She was revelling in her sweet emotions. Besides which, she was also suddenly overcome with the desire to make Simran cum again. As she stared, Simran stirred again, moving her legs a few inches apart. Seema's heart jumped a beat as the dark tuft of Simran's crotch came into view.

Seema walked to side of the bed and knelt down. She devoured Simran with her eyes, letting her gaze linger on the oval globes of her bottom, skin so smooth and perfect. Seema reached forward and stroked her palm over Simran's buttocks, tracing the perfect curves around to her hips and back to the middle.

Simran didn't stir, her breathing still deep and slow. Seema ran her fingers up and down Simran's back, down her legs and then back up again. She kissed the small of Simran's back, just above the top of the cleft between her cheeks. Simran issued a sleepy, low pitched moan, but still didn't move. 

Seema hesitated before slipping her hand between the tops of Simran's thighs until she brushed against her pussy. The heat and wetness took her by surprise. Slowly, she slipped her first two fingers inside until they were enveloped in Simran's moist warmth.

Simran moaned sleepily, lifting her bottom against the slow movements of Seema's fingers. Seema stared, enthralled as Simran's cleft parted as she lifted her hips. The dark coloured, softly haired valley gave Seema a sharp jolt of electric desire. As she slid her fingers in and out of Simran's pussy, she placed her thumb within Simran's cleft and massaged the soft and dark ring.

"Ahhhh, Seem...that's fantastic..." Simran whispered softly as she lifted her head and turned to gaze drowsily at Seema.

Simran giggled sleepily as she watched Seema staring at her nether regions with owlish eyes. Simran closed her eyes, bucking her hips as Seema pushed her fingers faster.

"Wow....ahhh....." Simran drew her knees up, pushing her bottom higher in the air. "Oh wow, Seem..."

Seema kept a steady pace and angled her fingers downwards, drawing moans deeper in pitch, and eager upward thrusts from Simran. Seema swapped her thumb for a finger and gently circled it around the soft ring of muscle between Simran's buttocks. 

Abruptly, Simran buried her face in her pillow, grabbing handfuls of it in her bunched fists, and with a muffled moan and one final jerk of her hips, reached her climax. Seema withdrew her finger from Simran's cleft and stared in fascination as her dark ring quivered through her orgasm. 

Simran kept her bottom in the air as the ebb and flow of her climax subsided, the pillow still muffling her breathy moans. Gradually she relaxed, letting her hips flop back down on to the bed and her body turn limp. Seema stroked the warm orbs of Simran's bottom as she removed her fingers, covered in creamy lube. Simran giggled deliriously as she turned on her side and gazed sleepily at Seema.

"That was a nice wake-up call!"

"Sorry," Seema said with a dirty smile. "I couldn't resist."

She kissed Simran lips, before bringing her hand up to her mouth to lick the creamy, redolent juices covering her fingers. Simran giggled and pulled Seema's fingers from her mouth towards her own. 

"Wow, Sim...I'm so in love with you..."

"Seem, you don't know how much I love you too. Come here."

Simran coaxed her back on to the bed, shifting over a few inches to make room. Simran knelt up and playfully shoved Seema on to her front, kneeling between her legs. She ran her fingers in smooth circles on Seema's bottom and lower back, eliciting a few giggles at the light, ticklish touch. Seema gasped as she felt Simran's fingers push slowly into her.

"Ahhh, so wet babe," Simran breathed.

As she eagerly used her fingers, she gently pulled at Seema's left buttock before placing a finger between them. Seema relished the extra sensation between her cheeks, allowing it to lift her towards her peak. Simran covered Seema's bottom with kisses, and as her fingers probed and stroked, Seema gratefully allowed her climax to wash over her.

#

They were back between the sheets, hugging tight.

"Seem..." Simran said. Her cheeks flushed as a saucy grin played on her lips. "Have you ever, umm, put anything up there?" She patted Seema's bottom.

Seema giggled. "Have you?"

"No," Simran said with mock disgust. She chuckled and then nuzzled into the crook of Seema's neck. "Ok...yes."

Seema laughed. "I have too."

"Ah! You admit it!" Simran laughed raucously. "Was it something big?"

"No! Ouch!" Seema giggled.

"What then?" Simran asked, playfully pinching Seema's buttock.

"A finger," whispered Seema, her face now a deep red. "But only once though..."

"Me too!" giggled Simran.

They were silent for a moment, a little embarrassed by their sudden confessions.

"I've always loved your bottom," whispered Seema, reaching around to grasp Simran's buttock.

"I love yours too."

Seema sighed. "I wish I could see you naked all the time, you sexy girl!"

"Hmm! Naughty!" chuckled Simran. "I suppose....I suppose I'd let you take a photo of me, if you want. You can look at it whenever you like then!" 

Seema felt a sudden chill wash over her. She recoiled and her smile instantly disappeared; the images on Mo''s mobile 'phone flashed through her mind, washing away the warm afterglow of her climax.

"Umm," stammered Seema.

Simran's smile dissolved. "Sorry babe, I...I just thought..."

Seema snapped her attention back to Simran. "No, no babe. I'd love to...ummm...how are you feeling?"

"Well, ok until few seconds ago. Have I said something~"

"I think I need to tell you a few things...about what's happened over the last few days."

"Ok," said Simran, suddenly anxiously. Confused, she sat up and drew the bedclothes up tight around her shoulders.

#

Seema sat awkwardly on the edge of the small bath tub, wishing that she had left it until the next morning to tell Simran about what had happened since Monday afternoon. 

"Can't fucking believe it...!" Simran cried as she retched again, her torso convulsing as thick yellow liquid dripped from her mouth. She was on all fours in front of the toilet with her head over the bowl, and she didn't have anything more to bring up. "He's my uncle...gnuuugh...dirty fucking... gnuuugh!"

Seema closed her eyes. Even the sight of Simran's naked bottom poking up in the air, beautiful buttocks well and truly parted, couldn't keep them open. Understandably, Simran hadn't taken too well to uncle Mo' enjoying her dirty underwear. At first and for a solid minute, Simran had frozen on the bed as she attempted to comprehend what Seema had told her. Then, she had cried. Then, she had been angry. Then, she had bolted to the bathroom.

"And the pictures of me," Simran continued, heaving one last time. "On his 'phone...fuck!"

Seema winced. "Sim~"

"I tell you what," Simran said in a decidedly wobbly voice. She sat back on her haunches. "Forget lying low for a bit. My bloody father needs to know all this. Maybe then he won't think uncle Mo' quite so 'amazing'..." She pulled a long wad of tissue off the roll and wiped her mouth. "Yuck."

"Well, babe, maybe~"

"And another thing," Simran stood up unsteadily, threw the tissue in the bowl and flushed the toilet. She had the shakes and she winced at the acid taste in her mouth. "What's this about a fucking inheritance, hmm? Why would anyone think that I would count that as more important than you, the person I love, hmm? Fucking evil dirty pervert bastard! Trying to break us up...sneaking in to my flat and, and...bastard!"

Seema had never seen Simran so animated. In fact, this was the first time she had seen her angry at all. "I know..." It was all Seema could think of saying.

"And he upset you," Simran's anger subsided. She stood up and embraced Seema to her bosom. "No one upsets my Seema."

Seema gratefully nuzzled her face between Simran's breasts. Simran's heart was beating fast and her chest was covered in a thin sheen of perspiration. Seema rubbed her hands up and down Simran's clammy back in an attempt to alleviate her shakes.

"So, what shall we do honey?" Seema asked. "Like an idiot, I didn't think to bring spare clothes for you, or shoes. Do you want to get back tonight? We'd still be able to get a train back."

"No," Simran whispered. She sighed. "Let's have a night here. I want us to make love all night."

"Oh, ok!" Seema chuckled softly, thankful Simran had calmed a little. 

"Hopefully, uncle Mo' will be crapping himself now. Let him stew for a bit."

"Mmhmm," Seema whispered. She kissed a nipple gently. "I'll pop out in the morning and buy some shoes and stuff for~"

"Woah! Not on your own. I don't want to be apart from you, so I'll come with you."

"Cool with me," Seema said softly. Her stomach decided to grumble so loud it echoed in the tiny bathroom. "Umm...I know you probably don't want me to talk about food, but...I really need some."

Simran chuckled. "I really don't feel hungry. But...I suppose I should try to eat. Does the hotel do evening meals?"

"No, only breakfasts." Seema frowned. "I'll have to pop out and get something. Umm, your slippers and clothes are still wet..."

"Well...don't be long then, please..." Simran hugged her arms across her chest.

"I won't my love," Seema said softly. 

#

Seema hadn't bothered to put her clothes on the radiator in their room, so they were still damp and cold. She squirmed uncomfortably as she took the stairs down to the hotel lobby. The feeling of her cold and damp panties against her warm, moist crotch was quite horrible. 

As she exited the hotel, she scanned around, just in case Simran's father was lurking. Seema gave a wry chuckle. 

"If she sees him now, he won't know what hit him," she said under her breath. 

Seema only had to walk around the corner to find a take-away. Next door to it was a supermarket, a large one, too. "Excellent!" Despite the fact that the rain had eased to a light and misty drizzle, Seema still didn't want to traipse around for too long in wet clothes.

She returned to the hotel with a bag full of hot food and a complete change of clothes and footwear for Simran. She thanked her stars for large supermarket chains. She knocked on the door of their room. She shuffled her feet. 

"Sim, it's me," Seema called. There was a chilling moment before Seema heard footsteps.

"Sorry babe. I was on the loo," Simran said as she let Seema in, hiding behind the door as she was still naked. "Mmm, smells nice."

"It's probably laden with saturates, but what the hell! I got you some clothes too. I hope these trainers fit you."

"Thanks Seem. I'll pay you back when~"

"No, don't worry. Consider all of it an 'I'm so glad we're together again' present," Seema chuckled. "My clothes are still soaked."

"Strip off and I'll put them on the radiator. We can eat naked!" 

#

"Mm, gosh," Simran sighed, patting her stomach. "Fish and chips always taste better at the seaside, don't they?"

"Mmhm." Seema couldn't quite manage her last few remaining chips. "Personally, I think I would enjoy anything whilst sat next to you naked." She grinned at Simran.

They were sat cross-legged on the single bed, facing each other with the fish and chip wrapping between them. A can of fizzy drink each washed it all down nicely. 

"I really don't want us to be apart ever again," Simran said, suddenly serious. She scrunched the food wrapping up and quickly stuffed it in the plastic bag. "Really...never."

"Ditto," smiled Seema. She leant forward and kissed Simran's lips, still salty from the take-out. 

"I mean, I know we'd be apart during work...but...I just love you so much, Seem. You do know that, don't you?"

Seema nodded, stroked her fingers over Simran's cheek and down over her nipples. "I love you too babe," she whispered.

Simran swung her legs off the bed. "Come with me." She pulled Seema by the hand. "Bring the blanket with you."

Seema tugged the top blanket off the bed and followed Simran to the window. Simran pushed the curtain to one side and opened the window wide. They knelt by the window and wrapped themselves together in the blanket as the cool gusts of wind blew in, sweeping the smell of fish and chips up in its wake. Inside the blanket, Seema and Simran were cocooned in warmth. Simran pulled the curtain behind them, shutting out the light from their room.

"I love the view out to sea. As a kid I used to stare out my bedroom window for hours. I used to come here in the holidays."

The cool wind was a refreshing change after the still air of the hotel room. It was dark outside, and although the rain was still falling, the swirling wind was taking it away from the window. Simran hugged Seema, pulling her closer.

"I love sound of the waves, and love the lights in the distance, over there," Simran pointed. "It's the next town up the coast."

"It's amazing," Seema whispered. She had never holidayed much with her family, certainly never a sea-side holiday. "I'd like us to go somewhere like this for a holiday."

"Yeah," Simran said wistfully.

The rain in the air made the lights in the distance fuzzy, like an old grainy television picture. Seema tried to imagine what the people of that town were doing. Maybe there was another couple gazing out of a hotel window, looking towards her and Simran. She hoped that they were as happy as she was. The rhythmic sounds of the waves crashing on the rocks below their window, was incredibly soothing. Seema felt herself relax totally and leant on the window sill and sighed.

Simran moved her hand down Seema's back until she cupped Seema's crotch. Seema glanced at Simran and smiled. She moved her hand until she felt Simran's dense triangle against her fingers.

"Uh uh," Simran smiled and shook her head. "This is just for you." She giggled and gently pushed Seema's hand away. "Just relax honey."

Seema closed her eyes and arched her back as she felt Simran's fingers stroke back and forth, sometimes slipping inside between her lips, but always stroking the sensitive button at the top of her furrow. Simran rained short, gentle kisses to Seema's shoulder, whispering her undying and everlasting love.

With the cool wind brushing against her face and little dots of rain beginning to splash her cheeks, Seema reached a long lasting climax, drenching Simran's skilful fingers. Simran brought her hand to her mouth and savoured the lube before kissing Seema softly.

"I love you."

#

After ten hours of solid and deep sleep, Seema felt wonderfully refreshed. She was moderately surprised that it had in fact been solid sleep; Simran insisted on them both sleeping in the single bed, not that Seema minded in the slightest. But it was a tight squeeze. 

Seema stood by the open window, breathing in the fresh sea air. The sky was clear, the wind gentle and the sea calm; the complete opposite to the day before. It was breath taking. She felt a pair of hands grasp her buttocks.

"So, you like standing naked next to windows then?" Simran giggled as she slipped in to Seema's embrace.

"Morning gorgeous," Seema said. "This view is fab. The weather caught me by surprise. It's fabulous."

"It's lovely." Simran drew her arm around Seema's waste. "Come on, I think we need to put some clothes on. You never know who is watching." Simran's cheeky smile quickly disappeared. She cleared her throat. "Isn't that true..."

Seema broke from her reverie. An evening of togetherness with Simran, another night in bed together; it had been wonderful. But now, she remembered why they were in the hotel in the first place.

"So..." Seema said anxiously. "What's the plan of action? Do you want to go and see your father?"

Simran sighed heavily. She sat on the edge of the bed and rubbed the sleep from her eyes. "I don't know. Whatever, I want you there with me, Seem -"

"Of course honey." Seema sat next to her and grasped her hand reassuringly.

"- it may not be nice...shouting matches, you know...then dad will get upset when I tell him what my uncle's been doing... and ... aww shit." Simran threw her arms in the air before covering her face with her hands and planting her elbows on her knees.

"This is all my fault..." Seema said quietly.

"What?"

"Well, if you'd never met me, this would never have~"

"If I'd never met you, I would never be as happy as I am now." Simran stroked Seema's cheek. "Nothing is going to stop us from being the happiest couple I've ever known. Nothing ... not my dad, not my perverted uncle, no-one."

#

At first, Seema had been full of bravado after Simran's little pep talk; together they would confront Simran's father, telling him how it is and how it should be, all guns blazing. But now, as they were walking past the cafe in which Seema had sat for hours the day before, she suddenly felt small and insignificant; and decidedly nervous. She could see the house. The white uPVC was much brighter in the sunlight. The same car was parked at a jaunty angle on the small gravel driveway. 

Simran grasped Seema's hand as they approached the front door. It gleamed so bright in the sun that Seema had to squint. Behind them, across the road and beyond the old iron railings, the sea rolled gently back and forth over the flat sand. The joyous laughing and playful screams of children enjoying the beach rolled up to Seema, carried in waves by the warm breeze. She felt more anxious now than for her job interview, or her driving tests. As Simran knocked on the door, Seema took a deep breath and squeezed Simran's hand.
