 Dear Heather,

OMG, I wish, I wish, I wish you hadn't freaked out that night. 

I have spent about 100 hours this week looking at that video of you with Jenny and Nancy. Well, maybe not 100, but I bet I've had about 100 orgasms watching it. You look like you've been kissing and having sex with girls all your life in that movie.

So, it's funny, I've been with this really nice guy for a couple of months, and the sex with him is nice but not spectacular. I never told him this, but every time he starts to get sexy with me, I have to think about YOU in order to get interested. Even though you clearly didn't want me. So it was truly amazing to get your letter and realize that you DID want me after all.

So, now I've got to tell you about how your video almost got me in trouble, but it turned out amazingly great.

I've been babysitting for my next-door neighbor's baby about twice a week while I'm in grad school here, just picking up a little extra cash. Amy (her mom) is really friendly and cute, sort of reminds me of you, same skin, amazing green eyes, auburn hair, same cryptic smile. You would never know she had a baby a year ago to look at her. Her husband's out of town a lot, and she manages to go to the pool or to aerobics or her book club only if she has a sitter.

Usually her baby sleeps while she's out on her dates, so I've been watching videos or using her laptop to do email and chat. When I got your email with the password for your site, I couldn't wait and decided to download your video. I got about 10 minutes into it and couldn't keep my shorts on any more, I was so turned on. I, um, had, discovered where Amy keeps her vibrator on my second night there, (can you tell I'm blushing as I type this?) and decided she would never know if I had, um, borrowed it, so I paused the video right as they're taking off your panties and went to get it.

I started off really slow, just touching my thighs and the top of my pubes with it, running it up to my nipples, determined to hold off at least until you had an orgasm in the video. I was dropping into my panties, rubbing my thighs and very occasionally just over the top of my clit, building as you were building on the screen. When you started to cum I could feel that girl Nancy's lips on my clit and I was there with you, gasp for gasp. I think by the end I had had as many orgasms as the three of you together.

Well, I carefully cleaned up the room, the vibe and deleted the link from the history so Amy wouldn't see what I'd been up to. When she got home I was watching something on the TV, but really not watching.

The next day Amy calls me and asks if I'd like to come over and have dinner with her on my next babysitting night. Sure, I say, I'm always up for a free dinner.

I get there the next day and ring the doorbell. Amy calls out of an upstairs window to come in, she'll be down as soon as the baby is sleeping. I let myself in and sat on the couch. Amy came down in a T-shirt and her bikini bottoms, asked me how I was doing. She sat down right beside me on the couch, although she could have sat anywhere. I'm thinking, that's a little weird; she's usually not very close.

Well, there we were, chatting away like we're best girlfriends. You know, places to go shopping, guys I like, guys she likes ("hey, I'm not dead, just married"), movies and books, that sort of thing. Then she clears her throat, like she's really nervous, and finally blushes and tells me, "I found your video on my laptop". I thought I would die. "It was in the cache, I wondered why there was so little space on the disk." OMG, now I'm really blushing.

I'm trying to think of what to say. "What did you think?" I finally stammer. We're sitting, our knees touching, and I can hardly breathe. I can hear my pulse in my ears, and she's hardly breathing either.

"I never saw anything like that before," she finally says. "I never thought about girls like that. It was, umm, well, it was pretty hot."

I have a sheepish grin on my face. "Yeah, it was. It is. That girl Heather is my old roommate."

"Roommate or girlfriend?"

I sighed. "Roommate. We tried kissing once and she freaked out and ran away, and actually I was sort of relieved, although I was pissed off at her at the time. I didn't realize how much I was into girls until I got her video and thought about her again."

"And now?"

"Now I would definitely want to be with her."

We sat there not looking at each other for a few moments. I'm thinking maybe I should leave, like we're on forbidden territory. Then she asked, "Can we watch it again? Her video, I mean. Together?" Now we're both blushing hot pink.

"Umm, if you want..." I am breathing really hard now, my heart is pounding. I am very aware she's really turned on, as am I.

She opens the laptop. I sign into your site again and start the video. There you are at their car, and Jenny is inviting you to try on bikinis. This time I can tell she's already flirting with you, although I didn't know the first time I saw it. Amy is sitting next to me, our shoulders and hips touching so we can both have a good view of the screen. Her head comes down to rest on my shoulder, like it's the most natural thing we've always done.

Then I notice that she's stroking her thigh, right below her bikini, and her breath is coming short, as is mine. I take her hand and oh-so-casually move it to my thigh, which she continues to stroke. I'm all goosebumps by now, and really unsure what's going to happen. She slips her fingers up inside my shorts and starts lightly touching the damp spot on my panties. I drape my arm over her shoulder and stroke the side of her neck, down the top of her breast but too nervous to touch the nipple.

Amy lifts her head to look at me, grins and me sheepishly, starts to withdraw her hand, unsure what I want, what she wants. I grab her hand and put it back onto my panties, and lean in to kiss her softly on the lips. On the screen that cute blonde is kissing you and the dark haired girl is taking your nipples in her mouth, and all I want is Amy's nipples in my mouth right now.

Grabbing her hand with my thighs so she can't escape, I leaned back to lift her t-shirt over her head. I sort of expect her bra or bikini top to be there, so am a little startled to see bare breasts with hard hard crinkly nipples. As I take one in my mouth, Amy sighs deeply and closes her eyes. Her nipple rewards me with a tiny drop of milk.

I slip to the floor in front of her and untie her bottoms, now as wet as mine. A beautifully trimmed patch of almost black hair greets me, and she smells, well, like me. Like me after I've been watching you on the video, that is. I part her knees and just sit there admiring her, really unsure about what to do. I've never even looked at myself like this before. You are groaning on the screen as I lean in and rub my face on her lips, then take my first tentative lick on her clit. She thrusts forward to meet my tongue and pulls me closer. I push her legs apart and open her lips with my fingers, blowing cool air on her and breathing her scent. And then I am licking, sucking, tasting, nibbling her like there's no tomorrow, like I'm eating the best food in the world for the first time. I take long slow licks over her clit with my whole tongue, circling and sucking with my tongue, slipping a finger inside her.

"Ahhhh, ahhhh, ahhhahhhahhhahhhhh" she gasps, just able to say anything, lost in the sensation. My other hand is tugging at her nipples, first one and then the other, reaching up to touch her face, her neck, scratching her back. I hear her echoing you on the laptop, there in the almost-orgasm stage as I slow my licking to keep her hanging.

"Please, oh please, oh please," she says over and over again. I pull away from her and give her an innocent grin. "Please what?" I ask, as if I don't know.

"Harder. Lick me harder," she demands. I give her a little pinch on the nipple. 

"OK, ok, a woman's work is never done." I grin and lean in to lick her some more. That's all it takes. She's over the edge, and suddenly has a tangy flavor I've never tasted before. I can hardly keep up with her movements but somehow keep licking and sucking her as she cums and cums and cums. I was so turned on by doing this I could hardly believe it.

Suddenly she's had enough, and gently pushes my forehead away so I can't lick her. I am luxuriating in her smell, rubbing my face in her pubes and on her thighs, blowing cool air on her clit, and touching her all over as she comes down and starts to breathe normally. She is stroking my neck, my face, and pulls me up to kiss her, rubbing her face on my damp one and touching my hair.

Now she takes off my shirt and bra, lightly stroking my neck and my breasts as she does so. I have never felt my breasts so crinkled or hard as they are now. She lays me down on the floor and starts to touch me all over, lightly, almost tickly but nice. She massages me all over, even somehow reaches the oil to do some deeper massage. I start to relax all over, turned on but sleepy.

She turns me over and kisses my lips very softly. Her eyes are smiling at me as I stroke her face and hair. Her tongue licks the corner of my mouth, sneaks in to really kiss me. Soft, slow kiss. She kisses her way down to my neck. My back arches, trying to get my nipple up to her mouth. Finally she takes the nipple, almost the whole breast into her mouth. I can hardly breathe, and I stroke her long reddish hair and touch her face. Finally she's kissing her way down to my pubes, gently pushing my legs aside so she can get between them.

And then my thinking turns off as her tongue starts in on my clit. All of my skin seems to have nerve endings right in her mouth, between her lips, in her teeth, surrounding her finger. I am so close to cumming I can't move, can't breathe, can't cry out, can't look anywhere but at nothing in the ceiling. As if she's been doing this to me all my life, she keeps me right on the edge of the cliff, almost tottering over but then leaning back, almost, almost, almost there.

I don't know how she does it, but suddenly in her hand and then inside me is the little vibe I had borrowed from her, and then I'm gone, gasping, screaming, cumming like I never knew was possible. My whole body is vibrating and every part is cumming, my toes, my ears, my back, my fingers, everything is wired to my clit and her tongue and her vibrator.

We slept there on the floor under the afghan for a little while. Her husband called to say he'd be getting in about 1am and to ask if she could pick him up. I gave her a tickly massage while she was trying to sound casual on the phone... it led to a quick 69 before we showered and she went to get him. I, of course, stayed with the baby, who slept, well, like a baby.

Well, that's the story. I'm not sure whether Amy and I will ever do that again, but I can tell you that I'm dreaming of coming up there in a week or two for a weekend with you. Got any free weekends soon?

Love,

Mary