 I strongly suggest you read the earlier chapters of the series, as they provide important context about the characters and themes of the series.

**********

Once I had consciously decided to stay in Lady Amber's home, and not leave when she told me that she was going to spank me, I knew I had chosen to explore my submissive side. If you had told me when I walked into her home that I would be lying here, naked and draped across her lap waiting to be spanked, I would have looked at you like you were crazy. And yet here I was, exactly in that position.

I had my head facing down into the sofa, and could not see anything; there was no sound, other than the soft rustle of Lady Amber breathing. She wasn't moving, other than her breathing. I waited, my body tensed, for what seemed like a long time, but I'm sure it was less than a minute. Finally I felt her body move, and I knew it was beginning.

**********

It was a couple of hours later, and I was in the cab on my way back to the hotel. I took my mobile out of my purse, and saw that I had two missed calls and two texts from my research assistant Tara. I had forgotten I had turned the ringer off before I got to Lady Amber's house. I looked at the texts first, and saw that Tara was checking in to see why I wasn't back yet. There was also a voicemail from her with the same question. 

Looking at the phone, I realized I had been at Lady Amber's for almost three hours, much longer than I thought the visit would be. Tara must have come back from her movie and was worried that I hadn't returned yet. I looked out the window of the cab, and saw that we were just a few minutes away from the Loop, so I decided not to call or text her back.

The cab pulled in front of the hotel, and I paid the driver. I went into the hotel and took the elevator to the 10th floor. Walking down the hall, I took my key card out of my purse, and put it in the slot of our room. But before I could get it in all the way, the door flew open.

"Where have you been?" Tara almost shouted at me.

"Shhh," I said to her, walking into the room. "Do you want to wake the whole hotel?"

I walked by her and put my purse on the bed, putting my key card and phone into it. Tara closed the door and followed me into the room. "Sorry," she said, "I was just worried when I got back to the room and you weren't here yet. And then you didn't respond to my calls or texts."

"I had turned off the ringer when I was meeting Lady Amber," I explained as I closed my bag, "and forgot to look at it until I was almost back here."

As I looked up, I noticed Tara was staring at me, standing just a foot or so away from me. I shrunk back a bit to get away from her intense gaze.

"What happened to you?" she asked, still staring at me.

"What do you mean?" I replied.

"Your face - it's a mess!"

I didn't know what she was talking about at first, but then quickly realized that she must be right. With everything that had happened at Lady Amber's, including my crying, my face must have been a mess. 

I tried to laugh it off. "Well thanks for the compliment," I responded with what I knew was a lame joke.

"Susan, I'm serious - look at you." She put her hands on my shoulders, and gently turned me to face the mirror over the desk. One look was all it took to confirm she was right. I don't wear a lot of makeup, but the little bit I was wearing had run all over my face. My eyes were puffy, and anybody - especially another woman - would have realized I had been crying.

"I. . .it was. . . there. . ." I tried to say something, but couldn't put the words together in a coherent sentence. I walked over to the bed and sat down on it, looking down at my feet.

Tara came over and sat next to me. "What happened?" she asked again, this time in a gentler tone.

"Nothing, I really don't want to talk about it," I responded, almost in a whisper. I couldn't tell Tara what happened tonight, but I also didn't want to lie to her. I had too much respect for her to do that.

"Susan, I was worried about you." When I didn't respond, she put a finger under my chin, gently turning my face toward hers and lifting it to look into my eyes. "You were gone an awfully long time, and now you come back looking like this."

I looked at her and said, "Not now Susan. I'm just tired and want to go to bed. Trust me, everything's okay. We've got a big day tomorrow, so I want to get some sleep."

She stared back at me for a moment, "Okay, but if you do want to talk about it, just let me know."

I smiled at her, and patted her knee. "Thanks, I appreciate it. But right now I think I need to get this mess off of my face." I got up and undid the zipper on my dress, pulling it over my head. I placed it on a hanger in the closet, and walked into the bathroom in my bra and panties. The cool water I splashed on my face felt good. I took a makeup removal pad, and rubbed it all over my face to get the vestiges of my makeup off. 

After brushing my teeth, I went to the door, telling Tara, "Just need to go pee, I'll be right out." After closing the door, I pulled down my panties, and as I did so, I could see the stain in the gusset, the evidence of the state of arousal in which Lady Amber had placed me. I stood on my toes with my back to the mirror, looking over my shoulder at my ass. It was difficult to see, as I was just a little too short, but I could see that both cheeks were still pretty red, even though the spankings Lady Amber had laid upon them had been done a couple of hours ago already. But there was no question you could see the effects of her handiwork.

I pulled my panties back up, flushed the toilet, and walked back out into the room. "All yours," I told Tara, smiling at her. "There, do I look better now?"

She looked at me, a sense of concern still evident on her face, but she managed to smile. "Yes, you do," she replied.

When she went into the bathroom, she left the door open as she was washing up. I was tempted to look at the marks on my ass in the full length mirror on the wall, but did not want to take a chance of having Tara come out while I was doing so. I took my bra off and then put my sleep t-shirt on. It was barely long enough to cover my ass, but it was very comfortable and all I had brought to sleep in, so it would have to do. Once my ass was safely covered, I rolled my panties down my legs again, and threw them into the bottom of the closet.

I got into bed as Tara was coming out of the bathroom. I pulled up the covers, turned off the light on my side of the night stand, and said, "Good night, sleep well."

"You too," she responded, as she was sliding her jeans down her legs, facing away from me. As she did so, I couldn't help but notice her panty-clad ass. Tara was a couple of inches taller than me, and not as heavy as I was, but was still certainly very shapely. She looked very nice in the panties, a reasonable waist flaring out to a good pair of hips, and two nicely rounded ass cheeks between them.

She pulled her t-shirt over her head, still facing away from me, and reached behind her and unfastened her bra, sliding it down her arms. I was momentarily disappointed that she was facing away from me, not affording me a view of her breasts. They were not as large as my own 40DDs, but they were still a very nice size. I tried to put this thought out of my head and started to close my eyes. As they were closing, the last thing I saw was her pulling a short nightgown on, and then switched off her light. 

I tried to put everything that had happened tonight out of my head, and sleep. It wasn't easy, as all of the images kept swirling around inside my head, but after a short while, the exhaustion caught up with me and I fell asleep.

**********

I was still waiting for Lady Amber's first spanking. Finally, without any notice, I felt her body twitch slightly and then felt a sharp slap on my right ass cheek, the one closest to Lady Amber. An involuntary "ow" escaped my mouth before I could stifle it. This was followed by an incredible warming feeling on my ass where she had just hit me.

I felt her hand rubbing my back, as if to soothe me. "There, there, my little sub," she said, "remember what I said. You need to keep quiet, or I'm going to have to gag you."

"Yes, Lady Amber, I. . ." I started, but before I could go any further she interrupted me.

"I want you to start calling me 'Mistress'," she said, "because that's what I am now, your Mistress. Isn't that right?"

Forcing me to acknowledge her dominance over me by using this title was just one more step along the path to degradation, I knew, but I had no choice. "I'm sorry, Mistress, I'll do my best to keep quiet."

"Well, there better be no sound coming out of your mouth, my dear, otherwise there will be additional punishments." And with that, I felt her body twitch again and the second blow landed, this time on the other cheek. It was all I could do not to cry out once again, but I concentrated hard, bit my lip, and managed to absorb the pain without a sound. Once again, I felt the familiar warming on my ass.

"Much better, my pet," Lady Amber praised me. "Now let's see if you can keep that up."

She hit me with four more slaps in quick succession, two on each cheek. Concentrating hard and focusing, I was able to keep my mouth shut, and endure the pain without a sound. Lady Amber paused for some reason, perhaps to give me a chance to catch my breath - or perhaps a chance for her to catch hers.

Another 30 seconds or so went by, and then I felt her hands on the inside of my thighs. She was gently pushing them apart on her lap. I complied, spreading them and thus I knew putting my pussy on even more display for her. I felt her run a finger between my lips, which were still very wet.

"Just as I thought," she said, "you're turned on by this you little slut, aren't you?"

"No, Mistress, I'm not," I said, trying to deny the obvious. She just laughed at me.

"Your lips may so 'no," she responded, still laughing, "but your other lips are telling a very different story." She placed her finger right under my nose, forcing me to inhale the scent of my own arousal, confirming that I was lying to her. She removed her finger, and before I knew it, had jammed it into my pussy. I almost jumped right off her lap at the shock and had to stifle a gasp. As quickly as she put it in, she pulled it out again, and I felt it near my mouth.

"Open up," she said in a stern voice, no longer laughing. I complied with her request, opening my lips, and she eased the sopping finger into my mouth. "Clean it off," she ordered.

I quickly sucked on Lady Amber's finger, running my finger over it. I had tasted my own juices out of curiosity when I masturbated once, many years ago, and this act refreshed that memory in my mind.

After a few seconds she removed her finger, and then I felt her shift slightly on the couch. I realized she was reaching for something. "Are you ready for your last four spankings?" she asked.

"Yes, Mistress," I replied, steeling myself for the remainder.

"Good girl, now keep those legs spread wide just like they are." I felt her body jerk, and then felt - and heard - a sharp "thwack" on my right ass cheek. It was much sharper than before, and before I knew it, an "arrggh" sound came out of my mouth.

"Oh you poor thing, I caught you by surprise, didn't I?" Lady Amber asked. I realized that she must have picked up some kind of implement and used it to hit me with. I couldn't tell if it was a paddle, or something else flat, but it hurt a lot more than her bare hand did. "That's okay, I'm not going to punish you further for making noise, since I surprised you with that," she said.

"Thank you, Mistress," I responded, wondering if I'd be able to survive the remaining three hits in silence.

The last three slaps with the implement hurt even more than the first because with my legs spread as wide as they were, Lady Amber managed to hit very close to my asshole, on a very sensitive part of my cheeks. I decided it must have been some kind of paddle, as it seemed like there was an awful lot of surface contact with my ass. I managed to choke back the tears that were still welling up in my eyes, caused by the humiliation of the situation as much as by the pain I had endured. It was everything I could do not to reach back and try to gently massage my cheeks, to get rid of the burning sensation. 

But before I could do that, I felt Lady Amber's bare hand once again rubbing my cheeks in a soothing fashion. "I know how much that must have hurt you, my little pet, but you did very well. Barely a peep out of you after I warned you," she said.

She continued rubbing both of my cheeks gently, and as she moved her hand around, I could feel her finger glide along my butt crack, just grazing my asshole, as she switched from cheek to cheek. That little bit of contact made me twitch; I've always been very sensitive back there, and while I had not had much experience with anal play, I did have a couple of lovers who would touch me there. It had felt good, but none had ever gone beyond a light touch.

After about a minute, she stopped rubbing, and I felt her lean over once again and heard her rummaging in the bag she had placed next to her on the couch. I then heard what sounded like the sound of a squeeze bottle, followed by the sensation of a cool liquid on one of my ass cheeks. 

"This will help take the sting away, my pet," she explained as she gently rubbed some kind of lotion in a circular motion all around my cheek. "It's aloe, which will help make it much more bearable for you."

I had recovered enough that I felt I could speak again without breaking down and crying. "Thank you, Mistress," I managed to say in a soft voice.

She proceeded to squeeze out the aloe lotion on my other cheek, and gently rubbed it into that one as well. As she did this, every third or fourth time she circled my ass one of her fingers would dip into my ass crack again, and then even further down to graze my pussy, which was still wet. I hated that my body was reacting in this way, but there was nothing I could do to stop it.

Lady Amber clearly noticed it as well as she continued to rub me. "I see you're still dripping out of your little pussy now, aren't you my dear?" 

I didn't reply at first, and then felt a light spanking on the cheek she had been rubbing. "I asked you a question," she admonished.

"Yes, Mistress, I am wet down there," I replied.

"That's better - when I ask you a question, I expect a response. Down where, sweetie?"

"My pussy, ma'am," I clarified.

"That's right, it's your pussy that's dripping so much, and do you know what that tells me?"

I knew the answer, but didn't want to say it aloud. "No, Mistress, I don't."

"Oh sure you do," she responded. "It means that all of my spankings, all of this humiliation, has been a big fat turn on for you, hasn't it?"

I had no choice but to acknowledge the obvious. "Yes, ma'am, I guess it does."

"As I told you, I knew all along this would get you off. After what Cecilia told me about you, I was pretty certain you were a sub, but that you just didn't realize the depth of your need for submission. But we both certainly know that now, don't we sweetie?"

"Yes, Mistress, I do realize that now."

She stopped her rubbing and reached for the lotion bottle once more. I heard her squeeze it again, but didn't feel anything on my ass this time. But then I felt her hand touch me once more, with the cool sensation of the aloe lotion on it. Instead of rubbing my cheeks, however, she ran her fingers up and down my ass crack. The sensation was so erotic, but I didn't want her to know how it was affecting me, so I did my best to hold still. But once again, my dripping pussy gave my arousal away. I could feel that it was so wet that I must have been soaking Lady Amber's dress.

And then I felt the tip of her finger on my asshole, gently sweeping a small circle around it. I could not help reacting to this, and drew in an audible breath. She continued to do this, and then leaned down and whispered in my ear, "Just relax, my little pet, and let your Mistress play with your big fast ass a little bit."

"Yes, ma'am," I responded, as she increased the pressure. The circles grew smaller in diameter, until the tip of her finger was right on top of my rosebud, and then with one quick push, I felt it enter. I drew in another breath as I experienced the sensation of being anally violated for the first time. She rotated her finger a bit, and as she did, she continued the gentle pressure, until I felt the rest of her hand against my ass cheeks. I knew she had pushed the finger in all the way, and I had a feeling of fullness back there I had never experienced before. It was a little uncomfortable, not in a painful way, just a little bit of soreness.

She continued to rotate her finger, now fully inserted into my asshole, and then pulled it out a bit, and pushed back in, as if she was fucking my ass with it. It was actually becoming a little pleasurable. And then I felt her other hand reach down lower between my legs, and she inserted two fingers into my pussy. With all the juices I had secreted, they slipped right in with no resistance at all. She started to mirror what she was doing with her other hand in my ass, pulling the fingers out, then pumping them back in.

After about a minute of this, I realized that I was building toward an orgasm. The sensation caught my surprise, as I rarely experienced vaginal orgasms with the men I had dated over the years. I was able to achieve them on my own, using a dildo, but almost never with someone else. My breathing started to accelerate, and I felt my body moving in concert with her fingers. It was getting closer and closer - and then she stopped. She held perfectly still, both of my holes filled with her fingers. It was agony to be so close but yet not be able to go over the brink.

"Not yet, my little pet - you won't cum until I give you permission," Lady Amber said. And with that, she removed all of her fingers from my pussy and my ass. I groaned in frustration, causing her to laugh once again. "You'll cum when I'm good and ready to let you cum, but not before. Now stand up."

I put my arms under my body, and slowly pushed myself off of her couch. As I rose up off of her dress, I was mortified to see a huge wet stain right under where my pussy had been lying on her. I knew it was from me, and it only heightened my embarrassment. Lady Amber must have seen me looking down at the mess I made, because she said, "Yes, your fat pussy leaked all over my dress. Such a shame, I hope the stain comes out."

I tried not to make eye contact with her, and stood next to the couch, a couple of feet away from her. She rose, standing next to me, and reached down and lifted the hem of her dress, pulling the entire dress up and over her head. "Might as well take this off, since you managed to get it all stained."

I looked at her body, and was envious of its voluptuousness. Without her dress, standing there in just a bra and panties, I could see that she was sexier than I had thought when I first met her. Her breasts were almost perfect; not as large as mine, but there was no sag whatsoever, at least not with the bra that she was wearing. While I had seen a picture of them in the book she had shown me, they were even more impressive in person. I could see her prominent nipples poking through the thin fabric. Her tight waist flared out to hips that were not too wide, yet very womanly.

She stepped forward and lifted one end of the cocktail table, moving it a few feet further away from the couch. She then walked around the front of it, and repeated the action on the other end of the table. She then returned to the front of the couch, and turned away from me. As she did, I could not help but admire her panty-clad ass, beautifully shaped - again, like her hips, not too large but a perfect shape to compliment the top half of her body.
