 I strongly suggest you read the earlier chapters of the series, as they provide important context about the characters and themes of the series.

**********

I was surprised when Lady Amber (or LA, as I was referring to her in my notes) - the dominatrix whose session we were observing,- called my research assistant, Tara, over to participate once again in the session with her client, Nicole. Up until this session, which was our tenth or so, Tara and I had been passive observers of the relationship between the dommes and their female clients. But in this session, LA had not-so-gently coaxed Tara into being a participant. 

This was quite something for me to have seen, such intimate sex between two women like this, and to have been so close to the action. It was difficult to remain the impassionate observer, taking notes on my laptop, as this sex scene played out right in front of me. I also had to admit to myself that I was very aroused by what I saw, as evidenced by the growing wetness between my legs. The scene also caused me to flashback to the day before, when LA had taken advantage of my sublimated submissive tendencies and dominated me as well.

As Tara approached the couch, LA got up from where she had been sitting while Nicole had performed both cunnilingus and analingus on her. I could see how wet LA's pussy was, both from Nicole's ministrations as well as her own natural lubrication. There was a clear wet spot on the towel covering the couch where she had been sitting. Nicole was sitting back on her haunches expectedly, her face still covered by LA's juices

"Okay, Tara, sit yourself down here," LA commanded, pointing to the couch. Tara quickly complied, taking the domme's spot on top of the towel. Tara must have been able to squelch any squeamishness she might have felt, because she sat right down. LA still stood totally nude, apparently unashamed at her nakedness, and showing no signs that she would put on her clothes, which were on the table nearby, at any moment.

"Okay, spread your legs, and let her get to work." Tara hesitated at this demand, looking at me once again, as if I would be able to rescue her. But LA's earlier threat to shut down our research study if we didn't do as she said must have rung in Tara's ears, because after this brief hesitation, she complied, opening up her legs as wide as her dress would allow.

This must not have been to LA's satisfaction, because she came over to Tara, grabbed the hem of her dress, and pulled it up toward her waist, exposing Tara's red lace panties. I hadn't seen her put these on when we got dressed in our hotel room earlier that day, but the sight of them caused a small stirring in my crotch, reminding me of the talk the two of us had had and the brief kiss that we had shared. I also had a very good view of Tara's long legs.

I was broken out of my reverie by the sound of LA's voice. "There that's better," she was saying, having placed her hands on the inside of Tara's thighs and insistently pushed them wider, providing better access for what I assumed would be the service to be provided by her submissive client, Nicole. "Okay, slut, get to work," LA commanded.

Tara still had a somewhat terrified look on her face as Nicole leaned forward once again and resumed her position directly in front of the couch. From my angle I could see everything that she was doing, which started with a gentle licking of the inside of Tara's right thigh. With the first touch of her tongue, I could see Tara shudder. I couldn't tell what the reaction was; was it one of anticipation for what she knew was to come, or one of revulsion? I did not know whether Tara had had any sexual experience with women before, so this may have been an uncomfortable scene, not just because of her participation but because of her being touched by another woman.

She continued to appear tense for the first couple of minutes, her eyes closed as if willing the scene to end, her arms extended and her palms flat on the sofa cushion. She looked like she was going to try to just lift herself right off of the couch and transport herself to an entirely different place. But as Nicole switched over to the other thigh and continued licking her, I saw Tara begin to relax. Her breathing began to get deeper, and she loosened the tension in her arms. Her head was lolling back a bit on the sofa, and I thought I could just make out a slight stiffening of her nipples beneath her dress. Notwithstanding her initial reluctance, she appeared to begin enjoying what LA's client was doing to her.

After a couple of minutes working on her left thigh, Nicole scooted even further forward, and stuck her tongue way out of her mouth and began running it up and down Tara's panties. There was no mistaking Tara's reaction this time, as a visual shudder shook her body, and her breathing began to come in quicker breaths. I saw LA, who had been standing a few feet away observing the activity, walk over behind the couch. She leaned down, and whispered something in Tara's right ear, but I could not hear what she said. Upon hearing whatever she said, Tara leaned forward, her eyes flew open, and she turned to look at LA. But LA gently caressed her cheek, which seemed to reassure Tara, and once again her eyes closed. 

LA reached behind Tara's neck, and grabbed onto the zipper at the back of her dress. She eased it downward gently, as far as it would go with Tara still seated on the couch. She pushed the sleeveless top of the dress off of Tara's two shoulders, and down her arms, and then gently extracted her arms from them. This left Tara naked from the waist up, other than the red lace bra that matched her panties, and she lay against the back cushion once again. With the top of her dress removed, I could now easily see her nipples poking at the cups of her bra, her arousal clearly demonstrated.

LA wasn't done yet, however, as she let her hands slide downward over Tara's chest, and began gently palming each of her breasts, rubbing them gently round and round. Once again, I found myself mesmerized, no longer taking notes, just staring at what was happening in front of me. I realized that LA was now looking at me as she fondled Tara's breasts, a small smile across her lips. While this was happening, I could see that Nicole was continuing to lick at Tara's pussy , her oral service eliciting a large, dark - almost maroon - wet spot on her panties. There was no question in my mind that Tara had crossed over from reluctance to acquiescence as she was enjoying the attention being paid to her.

LA once more whispered in Tara's ear, and Tara leaned forward again, this time without any hesitation or other reaction. LA leaned down behind Tara's body, and I could see she was undoing her bra. She reached up, pushed the straps down Tara's arms, and removed it entirely. Tara was now totally naked from the waist up, and her breasts were on full display to LA as well as me. Her breasts were not large, certainly not as big as my own, or LA's, but befitting her younger age they showed no sag and sat prominently on her chest. Her nipples were quite erect, given all the attention they had received, and appeared to be a good three-quarters of an inch in length and at least a half-inch in diameter. She had lovely mocha-tinged areolas topping each breast, which contrasted nicely with her milky skin. 

LA gently pushed her against the back of the sofa once again. As she did so, she reached down with her hands and grasped each of Tara's nipples between her thumb and forefinger, and gave a little tug. This caused Tara to audibly gasp, and her body appeared to almost rise from the sofa a slight bit. But she continued to sit there, allowing both LA and Nicole to continue their efforts.

After a couple of minutes of playing with her nipples, leaving them even more red and distended than before, LA walked around to the front of the sofa. She tapped Nicole on the head, and Nicole immediately leaned back away from Tara. "Lift your lovely ass, Tara," LA said, this time loud enough for me to hear. Tara complied, and lifted her ass off the sofa, allowing LA to pull her dress down her body and off of her legs. Tara must have known what was coming, because she lifted her ass once again, and LA grabbed on to both sides of her red panties and removed those from her legs as well, leaving Tara naked on the couch. I took in her body; I had had brief glimpses of it in our hotel room the last couple of days, but had not seen it quite as rudely displayed as it was now. I could see clearly now what I had not been able to make out before, that her pussy was closely trimmed. And I certainly had not seen her as aroused as she clearly was, with her nipples poking proudly outward and her short pubic hairs glistening with her wetness.

Tara lay back against the sofa once again, and spread her legs even wider than before. Nicole, still looking at LA, waited for the signal, and with a small nod of the domme's head, Nicole resumed her licking of Tara's pussy, this time unencumbered by the panties. She placed broad licks up and down the edges first, seemingly teasing Tara's outer labia, bathing each one with her saliva. I could see that she then took each one between her lips, first the right then the left, sucking each one. By the time she finished a few minutes later, the labia were proudly and prominently sticking out of Tara's pussy. They were bright pink in color, and looked like a pair of wings beckoning Nicole deeper into her sex.

Nicole answered this call, extending her tongue and using t to pierce into Tara's pussy. I tried to continue to take notes, but found it difficult with the scene unfolding in front of me. I could see Tara's chest moving up and down under the exertion of her breathing. Small beads of sweat were forming on her upper chest and were dripping slowly down between her breasts to pool around her belly button, before the volume grew enough to where it cascaded down toward her pussy. As Nicole continued licking her, Tara's pussy continued to glisten with the combination of the sweat and her juices.

LA had stepped back again, and was now seated at the other end of the couch, watching as her submissive continued to lick my research assistant. Every now and then she would look at me, as if to gauge my reaction. I tried my best to appear disinterested and focused on taking notes, but I was quite aware of my own arousal as my panties were becoming soaked with my juices, and I greatly doubted that I was fooling LA.

As much as I tried to maintain my professional standing in this situation, it was clear that Tara had abandoned hers entirely. Nicole had moved from spearing her tongue in and out of Tara's pussy to now focusing on her clit. She was rolling her tongue around Tara's clit, and the more she did this, the more Tara's upper body began heaving and moving around on the couch. Finally, after about five minutes of this, a loud "Ahhhhhhhhh shit!" emanated from Tara's mouth, and her crotch lifted up off the couch at least a foot. Nicole did her best to keep her mouth attached to it, and finally after about 15-20 seconds, Tara collapsed back on the couch, her breathing ragged and labored. Nicole sat back on her haunches, and I could see that her face was absolutely soaked. It appeared that Tara must have ejaculated all over Nicole, because the liquid was dripping off of her face and onto the carpeting. 

"Bravo," I heard LA say, as she began clapping her hands, a broad smile lighting up her face. "You're certainly going to have something to write about now aren't you, Tara?" she asked her.

Tara opened her eyes, but it took her about a half minute to catch her breath and begin to speak. "Yes, ma'am, that was quite something," she said, as she reached down to the towel between her legs. She rubbed it across her pussy, doing her best to dry herself off. After doing this, she looked over at me, a sheepish look on her face. I wanted to reassure her that what happened was okay, so I smiled and winked at her. She then turned to LA and said, "May I get up?"

"Not quite yet, dear, I'm enjoying seeing you right there for now," LA responded. Tara sat back again on the couch, and I could not tell if her reaction was one of disappointment, or if she was pleased. I knew her well enough to know she felt conflicted, torn between having abandoned her role as the objective research assistant to being a direct participant in the proceedings. But she and I both knew that we had to go along with LA was doing, otherwise we risked having her shut down our research project. And we both had invested too much time and money in the project to risk that right now.

LA rose from the couch and stood in front of Tara and next to Nicole. "Was that your first time with a woman, Tara?" she asked her.

"No, Lady Amber," she responded. "I have had sex with women in the past." I wasn't surprised to hear this; while Tara and I had never talked about it, and I assumed she was heterosexual, I knew that she was a very open-minded person and I would not have been shocked if she had told me she had had experience with women in the past. 

"Tell me more," LA said to her.

"Well, I had a couple of girlfriends when I was an undergraduate, close female friends I mean, and we experimented a little sexually. We'd get a little drunk, and it would start with kissing, and then we'd start touching each other, you know, petting."

"And did you enjoy that?"

"Yes, Lady Amber, I did. I felt it helped me get close to these friends, and we had a very special relationship because of it. And I enjoyed the sexual aspect as well."

"Did you continue these relationships after college?"

"No, ma'am, we didn't. After graduation, we all moved to different cities, and while we stayed in close touch with each other, we did not have much opportunity to continue our physical relationship."

"And you didn't find other women to be with sexually?" LA asked her.

"No, I think it was hard to develop those close emotional relationships like we did in college, so I never found any other women that I wanted to be with sexually. I've just been with men since college."

"Well, you certainly seemed to enjoy what Nicole was doing to you," LA said, in a teasing manner.

Tara appeared to blush before answering in a soft voice, "Yes, Lady Amber, I can admit I did."

"And what about BDSM, have you played around with that before?"

"No, ma'am, this research project has been my first experience with that," Tara replied.

"What do you think about it? Do you find it arousing?"

Tara looked over at me, again as if she was looking for reassurance. I wanted to support her and didn't want her to feel any more uncomfortable than she may already be feeling, so I said to her, "It's okay, Tara, you can answer her questions. It won't compromise our research." As I said this, I noticed that Nicole was still in the same spot she had been in since she had finished licking Tara to orgasm. While some of the juices on her face had started to dry, I could see that it was still quite wet.

Tara turned back to look at LA and answered her question. "Yes, I admit that I did get aroused as I was watching Nicole service you."

"And what aspect of it did you find arousing?" LA continued to press.

"Um," Tara hesitated, trying to gather her thoughts, "I guess it was the way you had total control over her, that she would do whatever you told her to do. That kind of power over another woman - I found that very hot."

"You certainly seemed to enjoy being in the receiving role with Nicole, but have you ever fantasized about being a submissive yourself?" With this, LA peered at me, and I saw Tara follow her gaze, to look at me as well. I was embarrassed by this reference, as if LA was confirming to Tara what she had done to me yesterday, without coming out and saying it. Tara looked at me quizzically, and I just looked down at my keyboard, and pretended to type more notes, so as not to engage with her.

"I. . .I. . .wha. . . .," Tara stumbled over her words. She paused a moment, to regain her composure. "I don't know ma'am," she continued, "I'd never really thought about it until I'd started these observations during this research project. I just don't know."

"Don't worry," LA chuckled, "I'm not going to force you into that. One of my rules as I don't force people to do things that they wouldn't otherwise be inclined to do." As she said this, she once more looked at me, and Tara again followed her gaze and locked her eyes on mine. I'm sure my face was beet red by this time, but I decided the best things to do was just keep my mouth shut and not participate in this conversation.

LA stood up. "I'll be right back, I'm sure we all need a little hydration by now," she said, "Why don't the three of you stay right where you are." With that, she turned and walked out of the room. I could hear her on the stairs heading back to the first floor.

The three of us did what she said, staying in our places. There was an awkward silence for about a minute. I broke it by smiling wanly and saying to Tara, "Are you okay?"

"Yes, thanks Susan, I am," she smiled back. "A little tired, and perhaps a bit surprised I should add," as she smiled more broadly.

"Well, this isn't exactly how I would have scripted things, but given what Lady Amber said to us, I think we had no choice but to go along," I responded to her. I heard LA's footsteps coming back downstairs, and a few seconds later she walked into the room carrying a large tray, still just as naked as she had left. On the tray there were a few glasses of wine, and a couple of pint bottles of water. She handed a water to Nicole and said, "Drink up, pet."

Nicole did as commanded, taking the water bottle that LA handed her, and began drinking. LA held the tray closer to where Tara was on the couch, and said to her, "Wine?"

Tara reached up, and took a glass of the white wine. "Thank you."

LA turned toward me. "And what about you, Professor, are you allowed to drink while you're on duty?" she asked with a wink.

I took a glass as well, and sipped it. "Thank you Lady Amber," I responded.

She helped herself to the last glass of wine, and put the tray on top of the dresser on the side of the room. She sat back down on the couch, and began sipping her glass as well. As I watched her, I was taken in again by her strength, and confidence. Her ability to sit there like that, stark naked, showing no concerns or cares with the three of us seeing her bare body. I never thought I could have that kind of confidence and strength, to dominate other women the way that she does - and she did to me yesterday.

LA, Tara, and I continued to sip our wine for the next few minutes while we all sat in silence. Nicole had put her water bottle on the carpet next to her, the bottle about half full. LA got up and put her glass back on the tray, most of the wine now gone from it. She walked over to Tara, retrieved her glass, and then did the same with mine, bringing the two to join hers on the tray. She walked back to where Nicole was still sitting and reached down and picked up her water bottle. Handing it to her, she said, "Drink the rest of it, slut, I don't want you getting dehydrated."

Nicole immediately complied, taking the bottle from LA and draining the rest of it as her domme stood above her. When it was empty, she handed the bottle back to LA, who patted her on the head. "Good girl."

LA walked over to the corner and threw the bottle into a trash can there. She then walked back toward me, and standing over my chair, said, "Your turn, Professor."

I looked up at her, surprised and shocked by what she said. "What do you mean?" I asked her.

"I mean, it's your turn to become a participant in your own research," she replied with a smile. "Now get up," she commanded, this time a little more sternly.
