 After my night with Trina and Susan, during which none of us slept, but after which our bodies were used in all places possible, I began to ponder how to help Petal resolve her dilemma. Petal was such a delicious lover and my new fabulous fuckbuddies Trina and Susan so delightfully sex-crazed, that I knew all my friends should "get together"…as soon a possible. An age span from 18 to 40, with sexual tastes complimentary to each other, and each broadminded enough to try anything.

One day Susan asked me to stay back after class for a "small talk". I was in an advanced program that would see me graduate in 2.5 years. I was a straight A student, but Susan had other things on her mind.

"I have been watching your hair for 6 months now, and I realise you must visit the barbershop each Wednesday" she said. "Mmmm - very observant", I agreed. Susan told me that she was a member of a Hair Fetishist group on the Internet, and that she had been trying to get up the courage to abandon her scholarly shoulder-length bob for a much more butch look. "I wonder", she asked "Whether you ever do haircuts and shearings yourself?"

I was quite startled. I had never considered picking up the clippers myself, but now she mentioned it, I was quite excited at the prospect. "How long has your hair been barbered?" she questioned. After I told her I had begun at age 10, and sported a crewcut consistently since the age of 14, she laughed and said "Well, I'm pretty sure you must know what to do by now!"

Susan's previous experiences with hairstylists had not been happy. It is the same story for fetishists over and over - "ladies' stylists" who just won't believe, or simply refuse to comply with how short you really want to go (if you get the courage to ask in the first place), or misogynist male barbers who refuse to attend to women. Sam, my barber in HomeTown is a diamond, a precious gem, who intuitively understood my needs and desires. It had been a hard task to find someone suitable at college, and she was taking no new clients.

I agreed to give it a try. The only time Susan would be available was 2.30 pm Saturday. Her apartment was being painted, so I invited her over to my place. "I'll just be finishing up with my tutee then" I said, so come over and we can talk about what you want, and maybe my physics tutee can help out too! We didn't usually finish our session that early, but I was determined that Petal was going to meet at least one other of my lesbian friends. Susan agreed to bring clippers, scissors, comb and razor. Honestly, I had been pampering myself so long at the barbershop I owned none of these things.

Of course when the knock on the door came at 2.30 Saturday, Petal, who was idly flicking her clit and nipples while sitting at the computer, jumped with a start. Her first instinct was to hide, literally, in my closet, but it was so full of crap that she wouldn’t have fit! She ran into the bathroom, though, with her clothes, while I let Susan in.

Petal wasn't going to get away with that, but I would allow her a certain fiction of respectability. I waited long enough for her to get dressed before I pulled her by the hand back into my room. I did the introductions, and saw Susan's nipples harden under her flimsy top when she saw Petal in her black clothing and impossibly long hair!

Susan laughed as she pulled from her bag a picture of Sinead O'Connor in her shaven-headed phase. God, I thought, that is too easy - just run the clippers on a zero setting, and tidy up afterwards with a razor. A very easy introduction, or so I thought. I explained to Petal what Susan was here for, and invited her to stay and watch. Petal's guard was down, and she seemed relaxed - the setting of my room reassurred her, it seemed.

I suggested to Susan that she take her top off so that fine hairs wouldn’t mess it up, which Susan happily did straight away. She stood there in cutoff jeans shorts and bare-breasted. Out of the corner of my eye I saw Petal cross her legs. I assumed she was squeezing her thighs together. 

I sat Susan in the chair Petal had so recently occupied. I can only suppose it was a little moist…Petal had a habit of masturbating while she attended to physics - it relaxed her, she said, and she usually left globules of cunt juice behind. I asked Susan if she was sure this is what she wanted, and she nodded her assent. Her nipples were rigid with anticipation…I just knew the feelings aroused in her and the wetness building as she fantasised what was to come. 

The clippers buzzed into life as I flicked the switch. I took a tentative swipe at her bob and merely managed to turn the clippers every which way, and drop them on the floor! Petal giggled from the bed. "Watch it" I smiled at her, making little jabbing movements towards her with the humming machine "Or you'll be next!" Petal clutched her thick French plait to her body and in a high pitched voice said "OOOh" . We all laughed, but I will admit to a momentary bolt of desire flashing to my cunt. 

"Maybe" I said to Susan "I should cut it with the scissors first and get it as short as possible that way? " After I started hacking into strands and hanks, I looked round and realised Petal had a finger stuck in her cunt, slowly and quietly pushing it in and out in that absent-minded way she has of playing with herself. If you had been listening though, you would have heard the wet slurping noises. But Susan and I were chatting about the new lesbian space on campus and were unaware of the sounds. Besides, Susan had her back to Petal. Susan made no attempt to hide her sexuality, as we gossiped about other women on campus and the local scene. I hoped Petal was listening and learning.

Then I held out the scissors to Petal and invited her to have a turn. She was rather taken aback, but jumped up to have a go. She stood in front of Susan and lifted strands of shoulder length hair in the air and then snipped through them close to the scalp. She giggled again as she continued , and her long, long braid brushed against Susan's tits, re-invigorating their erection each time that braid swooshed past. 

Susan undid the top button of her shorts and pushed her hand down the front. Petal was having the same effect on her as I had already experienced. This was going to be a real test for Petal - would she succumb or not?

What Petal did next took me totally by surprise. For a girl who was only going to come out the day she told her mother her secret, I was gobsmacked. Petal finished cutting Susan's hair, and handed me the clippers. She then pulled Susan's shorts and g-string off, down her long, slim legs. Next she walked over to my toybox and selected a large dildo. Without a word, she placed it in Susan's hands, and arranged it in Susans lap. She then hitched her black skirt up over her hips and sat astride the boi in Susan's lap!!!

"Come on!" Petal urged. "Get with the clippers while I have a fuck!" I was 250% astounded. Petal had known Susan maybe three-quarters of an hour, and she was calling the shots! All I could do was comply, and I ran the clippers all over Susan's head as Petal, astraddle Susan, bounced up and down on the cock and played with Susan's tits. She made sure her braid was over her shoulder and occasionally wrapped it round Susan's neck while I was concentrating on behind the ears. But if there was any danger the clippers were getting too close to that flaxen rope, she flicked it back between herself and Susan for safety.

I finished shearing Susan and showed her in the mirror. Which also reflected a wild eyed Petal bouncing and fucking herself on the girlfucker Susan held. Susan was delighted, but needed to take some control over the situation. She ordered Petal off her lap, and commanded me to find my leather harness and help her strap it, and the cock on. She then ordered me to lie down on my bed, with Petal to strip and then get over the top of me on all fours. Both of us rushed to comply. I had dreamt of this many a time when fucking with Petal. Now Petal was going to be the meat in a fuck sandwich between me and Susan!

Oh, blessed Sappho, I thought. How great to be able to make such pleasurable moments from our naked bodies and a few simple toys! When women's bodies were made, so much perfection was packaged there. The clit. The exquisitely sensitive clit! Oh joy! And the ultimate joy is for another clitbeing to pleasure a clit! Being a lesbian is the greatest existence there can be, surely!

And tits. Tits on tits. Mutual feeling or tonguing of tits! And soft sexy girl - woman asses. Nipples in slits. Tits in mouths. Slits in mouths. Clits and tongues. Fingers and cunts. Asses and tongues. Mouths and wet, slick labial lips. 

Petal's tits dangled into my mouth, and I sucked and fondled them like the precious gifts they are. As I flickety flicked my tongue all around her nipples, I placed my hands on her back and softly ran the fingertips all over her, then, as she shuddered, I scratched hard along her back each side of her spine. 

Susan, meanwhile was busy from behind, filling Petal's cunt with the joystick, and pressing her hands on her ass, running a finger down her exposed crack and circling her puckered asshole. We set up an unconscious rhythm together…flick, lick, suck, fuck, and just as Petal arched her head back and screamed her orgasm, Susan stuck a single finger in the puckered ass. Which made Petal pass out in that "little death" of orgasm.

Petal pressed down on me, and Susan fell forward on top of Petal, laughing. At that moment there was a knock on the door. Susan leapt to her feet and saying "Oh shit! I forgot to say Trina was coming to pick me up!" , rushed to the door, still harnessed and be-cocked. She flung open the door at the exact moment Petal, recovering, half rolled off me facing the door. 

"Mother!" she exclaimed.