 A massage is meant to be therapeutic. The best therapy is sex. Therefore, the best massage therapy is a sensual massage. For normal, upstanding women, finding a sensual massage is next to impossible.

I prefer massages by women. Actually, I have never paid for a massage by a man. That's a whole different story. Nonetheless, this story is about a woman massaging a woman. I am not a lesbian. I just find massage by another woman non-threatening. 

I've had good massages and bad massages. Good ones are very hard to find. I am telling you my story about the absolute best sensual massage I have ever paid for. Yes, it's possible to pay someone to bring you to orgasm in a safe and non-reciprocating manner. Sometimes I want pleasure without having to please anyone else. I am selfish that way.

I have been to Evonne three times before. It's important to establish a "professional" relationship with the massage therapist so they know you aren't going to report them - so they themselves feel safe. 

I am not sure I understand what drives a massage therapist? It's a lot of work. They must derive some sort of pleasure out of the act of giving pleasure. Not me. I want to receive. Selfish, I know.

Evonne seemed to enjoy our sessions; a little more each time. With every $200 I paid her for sharing her private studio for massage pleasure, we got closer - in a professional way. The first time, your average massage. Very good. Nothing unusual. The second time, I asked for a longer session. With the extra time, she explored more areas than before. My abdomen and pubic bone received attention, as well as the top of my chest. Two towels, no exposure, purely professional with a naughty slant. 

The third appointment was really special. She recalled that our last conversation exposed the fact that I am partial to red wine. She had a glass waiting for me. She explained that alcohol before a massage is not necessarily a "best practice" in the traditional sense, but she knows that it helps me to relax. By now, she agreed to 90 minute massages - which are also starting to push the envelope for just how long anyone is willing to toil over another person's tense muscles. I told her I shouldn't drink alone, and with that she poured herself just a few ounces, sucked it down, and said she'd be right back after I got into position. The massage was subtly different, but still very by the book. When she left the room, I touched my pussy. It was swollen and so wet. I had thick pussy juice oozing onto the table. As usual, I masturbated. Then I got dressed, paid her, smiled and left.

Today, it was our fourth appointment. I smartly scheduled a 120 minute massage. Two hours. Crazy. Her studio is private. A rental in the salon suites. No front desk. Direct exchange of cash between service provider and client. I arrived early. Interestingly enough, her black t-shirt was extremely low-cut and her huge breasts bulged out like never before. The wine was waiting; this time it was a jumbo glass - for both of us.

Evonne asked what I was looking for today in the 2 hour massage. I chose my words carefully because I was tired of not getting fully satisfied. I said "Look Evonne, I have been your client for a while now, and you are getting to know me better, and I feel comfortable talking to you. I am extremely stressed right now, and what I need is the ultimate stress-relieving massage. Do you have any suggestions?"

Evonne said "there is another method of massage therapy that focuses on the Yoni. Do you know what I am talking about?" Of course I did. I did my research.

I explained that I am willing to try whatever she has to offer. She told me how different this one would be; personal, customized, erotic, tantric. It's not for the shy. But, it's addictive.

She locked the suite door. This time she said she'd help me undress. Now that's service. Evonne was gorgeous. Full breasts, smooth skin, erect nipples. That's all I could see. She slowly removed my clothes gazing into my eyes. Never before have I experienced this. She invited me to lie on her table in the dimly lit room. The candle flickered. The aromatherapy from past customers lingered in the room. Before I lay down, she handed me my glass of wine. She sipped hers. 

The feeling of laying down totally naked in front of another woman was amazing. My pussy was bald. My clit was huge and stuck out like a sore thumb. I must admit, I have a terrific looking pussy. My breasts are big - 36D. My nipples are huge and always erect. My areolas are huge. I know I'm hot. 

I can't believe that Evonne starts undressing herself. I sit up again, reach for my wine, and watch the show. Her nonchalance is striking. She moves like she is so comfortable with nudity that this is no big deal. In the meantime, my pussy is literally leaving a wet spot on the massage table. She sips her wine again and I can tell that we both are feeling the warmth of the red liquid rush through our bodies. 

As I am sitting on the table getting drunk, she comes to the head of the table behind me and reaches around me. She guides me closer to her and lets me keep my glass in hand. Her hands run across my neck, shoulders and down my back. She reaches around and cups my breasts - too much for her hands. She brings her thumb and forefinger to my nipples, and gently pinches and pulls forward. Oh my god. No woman has ever touched those before. I melt. The thought of being the receiver of such pleasure without the expectation of reciprocation for two hours just about makes me explode. 

She starts to take the glass from my hand, but I pull back and suck it down. She then gently guides me to lie down on my back. The room spins a bit. Her hands do their usual massage thing on the non-erogenous zones. It's wonderful, but I can't wait for what's next to come.

She grabs my legs and hips in such as way as to slide me down toward the end of the table. She bends my legs back. Never has a massage involved me laying spread eagle on the table. Wow. She crawls up on the table and sits cross-legged. The thought of only being the recipient leaves. I begin to think about what I want to do that perfect pussy staring at me. Her skin is dark, but the pussy is pink; she's not bald like I am; just neatly trimmed. I see a pierced clit. I instantly want to suck that clit - never before have I had another woman, but the urge is overwhelming.

She sits there and stares at my pussy for a long time. I can feel the juice dripping; my pussy swelling and throbbing. Touch me! Touch me! Evonne reaches for the hot oil on the table. She pours it over my mound, and I can feel every ounce drip between my legs. She pours it on her own hands and directs the spout over her own pussy. Her twat glistens. Leaning forward, she rubs my abdomen, pubic bone, inner thighs. 

Her fingers reach my labia. Systematically, she massages every inch of my labia. She pinches my clitoris and emphasizes the base just like the many times I have given blow jobs. She turns my clit inside out and I about scream. It's so sensitive. 

Her index finger slides into my vagina. She rotates with a massage motion around every wall. Evonne works it until she has both index fingers in my pussy. Simultaneous massage; rhythmic movements. My inner walls have never felt better. I pushed against her indicating I needed more than just two fingers. She knew me so well, she got the hint. 

She worked her right hand inside my pussy finger by finger. She was fisting me. I was going crazy. It felt so good I could not imagine stopping. She pinched my clit with her left hand and bombarded my g-spot with her right. 

I have seen the porn site videos of the squirters but as far as I was concerned, that must be piss or water. I did not believe in female ejaculation. Then the feeling started. The pressure. The feeling I was going to piss. But it's not piss. I felt this warm gush of liquid run out. I knew that it did not come from my bladder. This came from a gland that has never been emptied before. 

Evonne pulled her hand out and asked me to turn over. I did. She took a rolled cushion from the side table and placed it under my hips. She moved my legs apart and suddenly I realized that she was targeting my anus. 

All kinds of thoughts ran through my head, mostly around the fact that I wasn't sure what was in my anus at this time, and that no one has ever ventured inside of it. Yes, I was an anal virgin.

She massaged my buttocks and pulled them apart. She stuck one finger in my pussy and toyed with my anus with another. Her other hand took the bottle of massage oil and dripped it over my ass and butt hole. She pressed onto my anus without entering it. She played with the skin between the anus and pussy. She somehow knew that this was new to me and she was taking her time.

When she slipped her finger inside my anus, the feeling was incredible. The pressure and then the relief was exquisite. I didn't care if I hadn't had a recent enema - whatever was in there was in there. No one enters an anus without expecting to find company. Thank god I had nothing in my ass except a bit of air. 

There I lay, on a pillow with my ass in the air. Evonne's two fingers now in my pussy and one in my ass. I knew it wasn't going to stop. She inserted another in my ass. She massaged the inner wall between my rectum and vagina. That feeling is the most awesome feeling I have ever experienced. Three fingers, four, five fingers. Both fists, inside both holes. Somehow, this feels beyond tantric and is now just plain kinky. Who cares. My holes are filled.

Her hands moved in and out. The table rocked. My holes gaped. I was overcome by warmth. My legs shivered. I bit the table. I screamed - but muffled it with the blanket I was lying on.

Her hand motion slowed down to a standstill. There I lay with her two hands buried deep inside me. She removed her hand from my anus and my vaginal muscles spasmed. She removed her hand from my pussy and again I spasmed.

She went over to the sink and washed her hands. With clean hands she came back over and asked me to turn over as she removed the roll from under my hips. She went for my nipples. 

She massaged and pinched them. It felt good. She stopped and stepped back. I heard the drawer open but didn't pay attention. The next thing I knew she was putting a nipple pump over my breasts. She pumped it up and I had to open my eyes and watch. My already long nipples were being sucked up the nipple tubes. They burned in a good way. Oh my god. Evonne was kinkier than I thought. I should have known by the pierced clit.

The nipple pump action ended. It was okay, but not something that I'd go back for. I was satisfied except for the fact that I longed to touch her now. My hands reached out and went right for her pussy. The feeling of warm moist mucous and a hard rod pierced between her legs was an amazing combination. Her tits were incredible.

I sat up. I looked at her and said "I don't think this is over". I stood up and poured us a bit more wine. This time, I forced the glass in her hands and I became the dominant one. I sat her down on the table that I just got up from. I drank more wine and stared into her eyes. 

I have never touched another woman before. I wanted to taste her twat. I wanted to bite her nipples. No kissing - this was not love. It was pure sex. I just wanted to inflict some sensations upon her and see her squirm.

Her breasts were huge. Her nipples were unusually long. Perfect for biting, which I did. I was not gentle. I sucked and bit. The tits were real. They were firm. I started to feel like a dominatrix and bit down and pulled so hard on that nipple that I Evonne screamed softly. I did the same to other one. 

I laid her back and pushed her legs back roughly. I wasn't going to be gentle. That pierced pussy was an indication that she likes pain. It was pink and juicy. No massage oil needed. I took one finger and slid it in easily. I pulled it out and licked it. I have never tasted a woman's pussy before other than my own. Her pussy was sweet as they say. 

I wanted to get my whole fist inside and I began. One finger at a time she urged me to keep going. My right fist was in. I pushed it deeper and swirled it around inside her pussy. She grabbed my other hand and guided it toward her pussy.

She wanted to be double fisted. My pleasure Evonne. It was tight - so tight. That piercing rod that was through her clit was stretched to the max. I am sure it added to both the pain and the pleasure. My two hands were linked, and my arms rocked back and forth inside her whole body. I am amazed that here I was, a lesbian virgin, double fisting a pierced pussy. Every woman should have this experience. Life is short, get pussy while you can.

I tried to reach up to her g-spot. I wasn't sure I had it until her whole body tensed up and this amazing stream of liquid dripped over my hands. I removed one hand, then the next. I put my hands in her mouth and made her lick them off like a dirty girl.

We were both obviously pleased with how the night turned out. We sat on the massage table together, naked, and drank our wine together. The two hour session was up. We were a mess. I needed a shower. When I got up, my pussy juice dripped as a long strand down toward the ground. Evonne noticed and stopped me, reached down between my legs, and caught the mucous in her hand. She licked it off her fingers. I wanted to go at it all over again but time was up.

I paid her. I got dressed as she sat and watched. Hmm... should I be paying HER? I arranged my next appointment with her. I jokingly told her that next time, the entire two hours is mine so she should plan accordingly. 

I left the salon suites feeling like I have never felt before. Sensual massages are great if you can only find one.