 "Wow tonight's going to be great!" Cindy said to herself. "I wonder if I should make this slit go up higher."

Cindy was staring at herself in the mirror. She was getting ready for her big prom night. It was going to be perfect. The last big fling before I'm off to college, she thought. Her boyfriend, Jeff, was gorgeous, and he had planned out everything that night. He was going to pick her up in a limo and drive them to the dance where they would dance all night long. Then, when they were ready to leave, the limo would take them to the 5-star hotel downtown where they would spend the night making love. Plus she had a beautiful dress. It was long and slender, and it showed off all of her perfect curves. Her perfect shapely legs, and her plump 34c breasts. It was navy blue, with a silky touch to it. Cindy looked beautiful in it. All of a sudden the phone rang, and she ran to pick it up.

"Hello?" she said uncertainly, since it was past midnight and she didn't have a clue who would be calling. 

"Hey hun, I just wanted to tell you that I got a date to the prom finally!!!" Her friend Darcy literally screamed in her ear. 

"Wow that's great! Who's the lucky guy?" She said while screaming along with her.

"Brandon Fisher!! I can't believe it! He just called at about 11 and he just asked me. Oh yeah, he said he was going to rent a limo with Jeff, so we're going to be riding together!!" Darcy said without stopping to breath.

"Yes this is awesome! I can't believe we're going to be out of school so soon. It's going to be awesome! Oh yeah, I got my dorm room info and I got a room down the hall from you!!" Cindy said in the phone.

"Listen that's great! But I am dead tired. So I'm going to call you tomorrow and we can get ready for the dance together. I'm gonna go. See ya tomorrow." Darcy hung up.

Cindy hung up and crawled into bed. When she woke up the next morning, she realized that it was the big day. She called Darcy and asked her if she could come over. While she was waiting for Darcy, she got out her clothes for tonight, laid them out on her bed. She decided to wear her black thong underwear and her black lacy strapless bra. Plus she had these really sexy garters to go with them. 

When Darcy got there, they headed straight for the salon. After their hair was done, they headed for the manicurist, pedicurist. By the time they reached home it was 4:00. Time to work their magic. Cindy and Darcy gathered up all their make up and accessories, including Cindy's mother's silver necklace. They worked on each other till about 5, then stripped down to their bras and undies to put on their clothes perfectly. When Darcy saw the undie and bra that Cindy was wearing, she couldn't help but think about fucking her, especially when she put on that sexy garter. 

Then they expertly slipped on their dresses, did their hair, and waited in the living room for their dates to arrive. Just then Cindy realized how hungry she was and grabbed an apple to nibble on for a second. 

Then the limo drove up to Cindy's house, waxed and shining in the early evening sun. Jeff and Brandon came up to the door, looking dazzling in their tuxes. They kissed their girls and walked them out to the limo. 

When they arrived to the dance, a whole bunch of their friends commented on the beautiful dress. Then Jeff led her out on the floor for a nice slow dance to start off the evening with. She whizzed around the dance floor with her flowing dress skimming the marble. Before Cindy knew it, the prom was coming to an end, and most of the people were leaving. So Jeff and Cindy, and Brandon and Darcy decided to head out for the hotel. They rushed in their rooms with the bottle of wine. Even though it was hard with all the partying going on in the halls. It was a madhouse. But Cindy was glad when they got to the room. When they were secured and locked away from the craziness, Jeff grabbed her and threw her down on the bed. He ripped off her dress, the dress she paid $215 for and started kissing her neck. She pushed him off and looked at him.

"What are you doing? I thought this night was going to be special? Can't we slow down a little?" she said with a confused look in her eye.

As if it was his answer, he pushed her back on the bed and started nibbling on her nipples, while she kept trying to push him off. He pushed harder and tore off his pants. He slid down her panties roughly he tried to ram his huge meat into her when she grabbed the wine bottle and hit him hard across the face. The bottle shattered and he looked at her as if she was crazy. They stood there staring at each other until he grabbed up his pants, slid up his boxers and walked out of there. Cindy started crying, thinking to herself how this had gotten so terrible. Right before she was ready to call it quits and call for a taxi, Darcy walked in the room looking kind of sad herself. Being the good friend that she was, she went over to somebody's cooler sitting outside Cindy's door and grabbed 2 beers. She went over to Cindy and handed her one, putting her arm around her. "What's wrong Cindy? What happened? Did Jeff leave you?" She asked with big eyes.

"I don't.... I don't want to talk about it right now. I'm too tired and way too wasted. I think somebody spiked the punch." Cindy said looking down. 

"I know. I was really looking forward to having fun tonight. You know being a complete freak with Brandon. But he came on too hard and I left him. He's probably fucking some cheerleader right now anyways." Darcy said with a grin. 

Cindy giggled a little. She looked up at Darcy's pretty blue eyes and said. "I was so hot for him too. So damn horny! But I pushed him off. I made him leave. I can't believe how hot I am right now, it's not even funny."

"Yea I know." Darcy said. "Me too!." They kind of stared at each other a little. Cindy was looking into her big blue eyes, thinking, I can't believe I've never noticed how hot Darcy is. Wait, I'm not bi or anything, what am I saying? "You know Darcy, you're really attractive. If I was Brandon, I wouldn't have screwed up so majorly." She blurted out without thinking.

"Really, I always thought you were pretty hot yourself. I'm glad I got that off my mind." Darcy said with a dazzling smile and a laugh.

Whoa! Cindy thought. I hoped she didn't think I said she was hot. She retraced her words. No I said attractive. But Cindy had thought about Darcy a lot, as more than a friend. She even had a dream where they had made love. She remembered how erotic it felt the next morning when she woke up. She was interrupted when she felt something on her leg. Darcy was looking straight into her eyes and rubbing Cindy's leg up and down, farther up her thigh every second. Cindy smiled and moved closer to Darcy. Then Darcy reached over and turned Cindy's face towards hers, and kissed her lightly, like she was waiting for acceptance or something. Cindy kissed back full forced, and put her hands on Darcy's back. Darcy put her hands behind Cindy's head as Cindy's hands moved closer to her ass. Darcy forced her tongue into Cindy's mouth and played and teased. When the kiss finally parted they looked at each other, full of lust. 

"Whoa that was weird. Good, really good, but weird." Cindy said to Darcy quietly.

Darcy put a finger to her mouth in silence and stood up. She slid the straps off her shoulders and let her dress fall around her feet. She was wearing a pale pink strapless bra and crotchless panties. She turned towards Cindy and told her to stand up. Cindy stood up and slid what was left of her beautiful dress off her body. Darcy undid her bra and let her 36d breasts free. Then Cindy did the same. Cindy then walked over to the bed laid down on it waiting for Darcy to crawl on top of her. Darcy crawled slowly on top of Cindy giving her another sensual kiss. Then she moved to down to Cindy's breasts and kissed each one lightly. Then she took Cindy's right nipple in her mouth and nibbled on it a little, while fondling her other nipple. She heard Cindy moan in ecstasy. Then Darcy kissed her way down Cindy's flat perfect stomach, to her pussy. She kissed the opening of her lips, blowing a little. Then she opened to the lips with her fingers and blew a little. She licked around her clit, hitting all of Cindy's most sensual spots. She licked a sucked and did everything possible while Cindy sat there screaming, "I'm going to cum!! I'M GOING TO CUMMM!!!" Then her salty juice ran all over Darcy's face, while Darcy took in the taste of her honey. Then Cindy pushed Darcy under her, ready to give her the works. She planted kisses all over Darcy's face.

Then she tongued her while her fingers ventured to her clit. She pushed her fingers in, making them push faster and faster. Then Darcy came, with her juices running down her legs. Cindy brought her fingers up to Darcy's mouth so she could taste her own cum. She screamed in her first orgasm. Then Cindy took her nipple in her mouth, which were very erect, and sucked lightly, then nibbled, the sucked harder. Darcy came again with her second orgasm. Then Cindy got up and ran over to her purse which was in the bathroom. She came back with a long plastic dildo. She maneuvered it into Darcy, then stuck it in herself. Then she humped Darcy with full force. 

When she was reaching her first climax, she screamed out in lust. Then she took the long plastic dildo out of her and placed it to the side. She kissed Darcy with her tongue again. "That was great bitch." Cindy said with a smirk on her face. "I knew if I wanted to have sex with a girl, I wanted it to be with you."

Then she laid down, spent from the hour of love making she just had with her best friend. She laid there for a moment until she heard a deep moan from the door. There she saw Jeff, with his boxers down, stroking himself. She almost laughed at the sight. She told him, "That could've been you Jeff!" She bent down to give Darcy a long satisfying tongue. She was wrong. This night hadn't been so bad after all.