 Sharing stories is a new release for me, but one I intend to indulge as often as I can. Quite a few kind supporters have requested continuations of a couple of my stories. 

When I first wrote Sensual Touch, I was a little more bashful about my personal anecdotes. Many of these stories are drawn from personal experiences with certain additions and omissions for dramatic flair. When I first wrote this story, Samantha was introduced as the main character. In truth, Samantha is me. So I've made the name change in this chapter and will with future chapters if I write more. I hope you enjoy it.

***

Sherry held me close and tight for what seemed like an eternity. Our bodies were intermingled and Sherry's hands ran soothingly down my back. Sherry's soft and warm breath tickled my neck and the top of my shoulders. This embrace felt nurturing and I didn't want to surrender the moment.

Sherry -- "We're pretty sticky from body oils and ourselves, sunshine. Perhaps we need a shower?"

Celeste -- "Yes, I guess we should wash it off our bodies. I just wasn't ready to move yet. It feels so right to lay here in your arms."

Sherry -- "I could probably stay just like this all day, but I think we still have a lot of life in us. I'm not letting you out of my sight at all this weekend."

Celeste -- "But Monday we'll have to go back to our lives, won't we?"

Sherry -- "Having second thoughts about what you said earlier, sunshine?"

Celeste -- "Quite on the contrary. I don't want this weekend to end."

Sherry -- "I really would welcome you into my home. I just hope we can accept each other at face value. I really care for you Celeste."

Celeste -- "And I care for you more than I have for anybody in a very long time, Sherry."

Sherry took my hand and pulled me out of the dimly candlelit massage room to a huge bathroom. Tiles, brass fittings, and mirrors adorned the walls of the room. Sherry reached in to turn on the shower which turned out to have six jets of spraying water to fill the huge stall. Pulling me inside, we soaked our bodies as our slippery skins shed the oily slick of the massage oils. Our long manes of hair straightened in the stream of the water.

Holding me close to her, my mind started to wander. It always spelt out trouble when my mind started to wander. Perhaps that is true with many women. A beautiful, sexy, and charming woman that had magical hands was soaping down my body with scented body wash. I hadn't felt this comfortable with another human being for many years. I was already feeling an affinity with Sherry far beyond friendship or the casual sex I had sampled for more years than I readily wanted to admit. While using the "L word" was impulsive, I gazed upon Sherry as she was meting out pleasure once again. It came so natural to Sherry to offer pleasure. Indeed, she had been offering that pleasure to many women for what likely amounted to many years. 

A deep seated discontent in my heart was trying to rear its ugly head. For many years, I shunned feelings of love or commitment for fear of breaking my fragile heart again. For the life of me, none of that mattered in the searing heat of this moment. 

Sherry pinned me against the back of the shower. Caught off guard, I shrieked as I fell back into the tiled wall. A devilish smirk crossed Sherry's face as she attacked me with her ravenous lips. Her lips pressed against mine while her naughty hands roamed over my naughty bits. Sherry's skilful hand cupped my ample breast while her finger and thumb caught hold of my nipple. As she pulled at my nipple already erect with desire, I moaned into her mouth. 

Her tongue fenced with mine. Sherry hoisted my left leg up and placed my foot on the porcelain edge of the tub. I felt her close proximity as her graceful body pinned itself against mine. She adeptly maneuvered her leg over top of my own and pressed her shaven pussy lips against mine. My mind nearly exploded as she started to grind against me. The cascades of water and soap poured down our bodies lubricating our ever moving hips. The friction of her raised labia inching along my clit sent pangs of hunger through my wanting body. 

Sherry's rhythm hastened as she neared her climax. I felt the undeniable hint of an orgasm culminating deep in my abdomen. As Sherry's body tightened up around me, her fingertips ran down my back and raked their way down the length of my spine. She bit her lip and her eyes rolled back into her head, but she didn't let up on her rhythm. Seeing Sherry in this state of arousal and release, I felt at one with her. I felt comfortable with the blonde haired beauty. With that, I saw stars. Screaming out her name, I felt the pressure of my orgasm erupt against Sherry. 

We both collapsed into each other's awaiting arms in the base of the tub. The rain of water from the shower's heads covered our panting and spent bodies as we lay in the base of the tub plastering each other's lips and necks with soft, loving kisses.

I think I fell asleep in her arms. I still have no idea how I ended up there, but when I woke up I found myself clothed in a heavy terrycloth robe lain on the king sized bed of her master bedroom. Looking around the room, I could not glimpse Sherry. As if alarmed by my awakening, Sherry suddenly appeared at the bedroom door. She was carrying a tray of food and wine. She flashed me a bright smile when she became aware that I had woke up.

Sherry -- "Sunshine is a sleepyhead."

Celeste -- "How long have I been out?"

Sherry -- "About an hour. I promise not to make you howl like that again. You really are a screamer, sunshine. You could wake the dead."

Celeste -- "You better retract that and promise to do that to me often."

Sherry -- "Oh if I have to."

Sherry brought the tray over to the bed. She situated the legs of the tray between both of our legs and clambered under the thick duvet that was presently keeping me as warm as a hibernating fox. Looking down on the tray, I saw she had draped a tea towel over top of the contents. A bottle of wine chilled in a bucket of ice and was accompanied with a couple of glasses. Grinning at Sherry, I knew she had more tantalizing torment in store for me. As I breathed in deeply, Sherry placed a finger on my lips before I got a chance to utter a word.

Reaching under the pillow behind her head, she retrieved the blindfold that had shielded my eyes from her intoxicating presence earlier in the day. I watched the last few flickerings of light fade away as she once again deprived me of my sense of sight. She kissed me on the cheek and within moments of anticipation I felt something soft and wet graze my lips. I opened my lips to nip at the tasty tidbit Sherry was offering me and the little minx pulled it back from my ravenous lips. I growled at Sherry. Sherry giggled.

Leaning forward, I snapped the tasty treat from Sherry's nimble fingertips. She tried to pull her hand back in time, but before she knew it I was savoring the sweet taste from her fingertips. The sweet taste of melon, perhaps a canary melon, melted on my tongue. As I let the taste of the melon linger on my tongue, I slowly consumed the nibble sized fruit. Smiling at Sherry, she reached for something else from her concealed treasures. 

The contrast with the next treat was a subtle reminder of the many pleasures in eating. A round fruit, complete with stem, was placed in my mouth. I let the front row of my teeth bite down into the cherry realizing its sour and tart pleasures. Mixing with the sweet tastes of the melon, I was overwhelmed. I feigned a squeamish look for my captor.

Knowing I was craving something sweet, I felt the fingertip of Sherry pressing against my lips. As her finger entered into my mouth, the sumptuous and rich taste of honey suddenly oozed onto my tongue as it slid down my throat. I licked her finger dry of the sticky honey. 

Sherry decided to up the ante with her next move. Her finger smeared fresh whipped cream along my lips. My tongue snaked out to taste the cream and clean the surface of my lips. Once it was gone, I pouted and wanted more. And I felt Sherry move on the bed. After a minute or so I felt her climb over top of me as she pressed me into the two soft and fluffy pillows stuffed behind my head. Sherry's breast pressed against my face smearing cream along my cheek and my lips. Purring like a happy cat, my tongue darted out to taste the cream off of her tasty nipples. Sherry betrayed her own arousal with a deep throated moan. Once I was content the cream had been licked from Sherry's breasts and pampered nipples, my lips took hold. My front teeth nibbled at her nipple and pressed down with increased forcefulness. My hands, which I had kept hidden under the duvet until now, snuck out from the confines and warmth of the bed, and reached up to take firm hold of the beautiful boobs.

Sherry slapped at my hands and giggled threatening to tie me up if I didn't behave. I reluctantly returned my hands under the covers. Inching their way down my belly, they soon found an even warmer place to rest.

Sherry pulled away from me again but remained straddled over my chest. Moments later, I felt her fingertips laced with salt brush my lips. I pondered for a moment she may have used her breasts, but had learnt from past experience I probably wouldn't have behaved myself. Licking the salt from her fingers, my lips suddenly pursed. A shot glass was placed against my lips as the taste of tequila poured into my mouth. Gulping down the tequila I remembered the Snake Bites that made me so very sick years ago. I still didn't really drink Jack Daniels and Jose Cuervo tequila to this day. Blowing a kiss at my lover, she was encouraged to tease me a smidge more.

The flavor of the next piece of fruit escaped me. I found out later it was a sliver of passion fruit. I had never tasted the fruit before. I begged Sherry for another piece and for the next minute or two she fed me several pieces of the yummy stuff. Thinking I had been teased enough, she poured a glass of wine for the two of us. Sherry climbed over to my side and placed the rim of the glass to my mouth. Strawberry Zinfandel poured down my throat. Somehow she knew this was my favorite. Maybe it was hers too.

Running her fingers through my damp hair, she cuddled in close to me. Pausing to take a gulp of wine, she leaned in and planted a sudden kiss. The mouthful of wine swirled between our tongues, and as we kissed, the contents slid down our throats. 

Sherry -- "That could have been a lot worse, sunshine."

Celeste -- "I don't think it could have been any better, sweet stuff."

Sherry -- "And I didn't even get to shuck the oysters for you."

Celeste -- "Shellfish next time then."

Sherry -- "For you, the finest beluga caviar."

Celeste -- "You're so sweet with me, Sherry."

Sherry -- "I have some more plans for us today. I want to take you shopping. And to another destination. I think you'll go along with me. At least I'm fairly confident I can persuade you to be game."

Celeste -- "Maybe we could stop by my place to pick up some things too?"

Sherry -- "That was the next stop in our journey. Then I thought I might bring you back here before your bedtime so I could make love to you all over again."

Celeste -- "What happens I miss my bedtime and my curfew?"

Sherry -- "I think that was a rhetorical question, wasn't it younglady? You certainly must know the punishments for breaking the rules on my domain, don't you?"

Celeste -- "But if I crave the punishments, I suppose that I'm going to break the rules repeatedly."

Sherry -- "You're such a brat."

After yet another bout of cuddling under the covers, my naughty hands got us both into trouble again. Sherry knew it would have to be her that dragged us out of bed lest we would spend the rest of the day under the covers. Sherry yanked me out of bed and removed my blindfold flinging it across the room. Taking me by hand, we retraced my steps of earlier. We walked out through the sliding glass door at the back of the house. I breathed in deeply as we ventured out in the paradise of Sherry's back yard. We were still very naked, but the high fences of the property shielded us from prying eyes. 

Sherry led me to the gazebo and we let ourselves inside. Life was so much different a few scant hours ago when I entered this room for the first time. Sherry sauntered over to a chair in the gazebo. Pointing at the clothing I had brought with me, she reclined in the chair to watch me dress.

The yellow sarong and matching blouse were gifts from many years ago. The lacey bra and panties were bought on a trip to Venice. I had wanted to show these garments off to Sherry when I first came today, but her plans were different than my own. Now, I was getting my chance. I slipped the panties up my legs turning around to show off my bum as I wiggled into them. Reaching for my bra, I realized I was dressing for my lover when I really only wanted to be naked in her midst. So be it. 

Sherry nodded her approval and watched with wide eyes as I donned my clothes for the outside world. She got up and gave me a big hug. I helped Sherry pick out something to wear from the closet in the gazebo. We decided on a blue satin blouse that flattered her curves and a matching skirt. When Sherry refrained from putting on undergarments, I was smitten with her all over again. Maybe she was the naughty girl after all!

We left her beautiful home in the Corvette Stingray. The day was pleasant and warm without a cloud in the sky. The convertible top was down and we drove down the streets to the nearby shopping mall. I giggled to myself as I watched her with her sunglassed eyes and her hair flowing freely in the wind. Hours earlier when I had pulled into her driveway, I had a vision of this lovely woman and the reality miraculously resembled the day dream. 

A few hours were spent hand in hand walking through the mall. Despite my affluence, Sherry wouldn't let me pay for a thing. Every time she would pick something out for me and I attempted to reach for my pocketbook, she would slap at my hands. In the last instance she gave me a swift swat on my bottom. I felt the heat build between my thighs and a sudden pain in my bum. And the sound of her swat filled the store. The saleswoman tried to conceal her surprise, but she didn't do a very good job. I felt embarrassed at first, but in the next second I was aroused by her actions.

As we were approaching the central food court, I saw my mother approaching a coffee house. I steered Sherry in that direction and she scampered along in my wake. We snuck in behind my mother as she ordered a latte from the vendor. Sneaking in behind my mom in line, I think I startled her.

Celeste -- "You know all that caffeine will kill you, mom."

Tara -- "Celly! I'm glad to see you sweetie. Can you have a coffee with your old, lonely mother this Saturday afternoon?"

Celeste -- "I always have time for my mom. Mom I'd like you to meet Sherry. She's new. Sherry meet my mother Tara."

Tara -- "Out with the old. In with the new. I'm glad to meet Celly's newest friend, Sherry."

Sherry -- "I can see where sunshine inherited her charm and her sex appeal."

Tara -- "Oh I like her, Celly. Sunshine, eh. What a cute nick name for my daughter. She certainly does brighten a room."

Sherry -- "More than you can imagine, Tara. I just met Celly today, but I just don't want to let go. Ever."

Tara -- "You remind me a lot of another delightful woman Celly brought home. You're even cuter than she was, though."

Sherry -- "Do you say that to all the girls sunshine brings home?"

Tara -- "Noperoo. Just the ones that deserve my litany of compliments."

Sherry -- "You might deserve a 'litany' too. You should come by for one of my massages starshine."

Tara -- "Ohhhh....methinks I better pencil you in very soon, Sherry. And thanks for the nick name. Makes me feel pretty good about myself."

Sherry -- "I don't mince words, starshine. You're welcome as soon as possible."

Celeste -- "Shall I leave you two alone to moon over one another?"

We all giggled and spent an hour chatting over way too many coffees. We planned on going out to paint the town red sooner rather than later. In actuality, it took a while for that to happen but was a lot of fun when it did come to fruition. Sherry and I wandered into the mall arm in arm despite the double takes and bewildered looks from curious passersby. Both of us were oblivious to the stares of the mall dwellers until a friend from work confronted me. I had never concealed my sexual orientation from anyone, but I hadn't made a spectacle of myself either. The gossip mill at work would be working overtime on Monday. 

Shortly before dinner, we wandered into the parking lot trying to find our car. Isn't it peculiar that people never remember precisely where they parked once in the mindless trance of the mall? Once we escaped the gridlock of the parking lot, Sherry drove downtown. When we pulled in front of a tattoo and body piercing parlor, I looked over at Sherry with alarm. Probably looking a little nervous, I nodded to my newfound lover and we went inside. Sherry approached the lone occupant of the parlor. She was a young woman by the name of Carrie that ended up being one of Sherry's clients. 

Carrie scanned my body and licked her lips bereft of subtlety. Sherry started to discuss what she wanted done to MY body. Barbells through both of my nipples. A little stud in my navel. A ring in my clit. My mouth was probably gaping wide open as they discussed these invasive piercings as if I wasn't even in the room nor that I was to be the victim of the pain of such procedures. As I was about to voice my protest, it was Carrie that glared at me and placed a finger at my lips.

Carrie -- "I'll be gentle, sweetstuff. I promise. But if you want to let down this marvelous woman, I can just close up shop for the night."

Celeste -- "It's really gonna hurt isn't it?"

Carrie -- "The nipples will hurt the most, but I can see the tip of a tattoo peeking through at your midriff of your blouse. You aren't a stranger of pain, are you? And if you are here with Sherry I imagine this will be a walk in the park. Is that not so?"

Celeste -- "Yes, I know you're right. And if Sherry wants me to get these trinkets, then it shall be so."

Sherry -- "It's your decision, sunshine."

I nodded to Carrie as she clapped her hands in glee and she closed up the shop. She ushered Sherry and I into the back room and instructed me to strip. Taking off all my clothes, she handed me a kimono. After wrapping myself in the kimono, I climbed up on her cushioned table. 

Hours later, Sherry and I left the shop. I was pretty sore, but I was tickled pink I could sacrifice a little pain for Sherry's pleasure. We drove to my place chatting innocently along the way. She came into my home, which I share with Gaye, and met her in the living room. I introduced Sherry to Gaye and I continued to be amazed how much everyone liked Sherry. I explained to Gaye that I wasn't moving out, but would be packing up some things to stay with Sherry for a while. Gaye admitted she would miss me, but she was glad that I met someone that made me this happy. 

As I packed up some clothing and other necessities, Sherry wondered out loud if we should introduce Gaye and my mother. I was hesitant at first as neither Gaye nor my mother had ever exhibited any authentic love for the gentler sex. Sherry asked me to trust her and the wheels were in motion. 

I gave Gaye a big hug as Sherry and I prepared to leave and I winced as she held me tight. I guess she didn't notice when I was that close to her. Gaye gave Sherry a big hug too and I was set aback when she gave Sherry a kiss on the cheek too. We bid our goodbyes and I planned to drop by several times a week to see my long time room mate. I had to keep my foot in the door at home just in case I suddenly needed a place to crash if I screwed things up with my new lover. I usually did. I'm such a spaz. Women make me say stupid shit, do stupid shit, and be a stupid shit. I pleaded with myself to make Sherry an exception to the rule.
