 I have been married to a wonderful man for 27 years. Our youngest (of five children) finished school and left for College 8 months ago. I thought that my husband and I would really enjoy being 'empty-nesters.' Boy, how wrong I was! He just worked longer hours, leaving home before I was out of bed in the morning and not getting home until dinnertime. And it was a dinnertime that had been pushed back later and later.

I was frustrated, upset, even angry, but whenever I brought it up he just said that it was really busy at work and he was needed. I even thought he might be having an affair. When I spoke to a girlfriend she suggested I hire a private detective for a week or so to ease my mind. 

So I did. After a week (an expensive week, I might add), nothing out of the ordinary turned up. So I paid for another week. Still nothing. I was getting nowhere fast so gave up on the surveillance. The PI that I hired gave me some tips on what to look out for, just in case, and said that if I wasn't sure and wanted to hire him again, he would give me a discount.

So I snooped. I looked at his emails, I listened to his phone calls, and I checked his cell phone. Nothing. I resigned myself to the fact that he just preferred being at work than being home with me. I thought I was still in fairly good shape. My figure was still enough to turn men's eyes when I wore the right type of clothes. I still weighed the same as the day I was married and my boobs, while a little saggy (surprise, surprise after 5 kids and just having turned 50) weren't as bad as many women younger than me. 

After being married for so long this realisation hurt and I shed quite a few tears but I was unable to do anything more. I needed to get out of the house and do something so I enrolled in a photography course at our local Community House. I had been going for a few weeks when I saw the flyer for a weeklong seminar in our local Community House. I thought, "That looks exactly what I need." The title for the seminar was 'Spirituality, Sexuality and the Modern Woman.'

It was to be in a country retreat centre and would run from the Sunday evening until the following Saturday. The cost was quite steep but that was the least of my concerns. When I told my husband about it he agreed that I should go. He said it would do me good to do something for myself for a change.

That comment made me feel as if he knew what I was going through but maybe didn't have any idea what to do about it.

I was quite excited as the time for the seminar drew close. Actually I surprised myself with how much I was looking forward to it. It was spring, which is my favourite season. The weather can be unpredictable but when it's good, it's really good - not too hot, not too cold, but just right (as Goldilocks said).

Finally the day of the seminar came around. I dressed comfortably for the three-hour drive. It was a lovely day, which boded well for the week. I arrived at about 5pm, registered, found my room, and went back for a light dinner. One thing that surprised me was that I would be sharing. There were two double beds in the room. I wondered how that would go.

I looked around the dining room and saw about fifty women, all much the same age as me. As I settled into my meal, a late arrival sat down next to me. "Jen, what a lovely surprise. I didn't think I'd know anyone but here you are."

I looked around and saw a woman who used to work for my husband. In fact she was the receptionist, and a damn good one. "Louise, hello, fancy seeing you here. How are you?"

Louise was, quite simple, stunning. She was always impeccably made up and tonight was no exception. Her eyes stood out because she put so much time into her eye make-up. The dark eyeliner and mascara seemed a perfect way to bring out her beautiful blue eyes. Her lips looked quite seductive and her smile only enhanced that.

Her body was almost perfect too. Thin, almost too thin, but with a nice bust, which I thought was about a 32C (almost the same as me, I was a 36C). Her legs went on for miles and all the way up to her bum. I thought idly, "I would go gay for her, easily." 

We caught each other up on the gossip. It had been about five years since she worked for my husband. She and her husband moved away for his job. She confided in me that she wasn't particularly happy in her new city. She hadn't found a job and her kids had all moved out too.

I talked to her about my frustrations as well and we decided to make the most out of this week and try and participate fully. We chatted some more about how things were, our kids, and life in general. I was feeling really comfortable with Lou, and told her so. 

"I don't know why but I'm really glad you're here, Lou. It'll be nice to have a familiar face around this week."

"Ohh, thanks, Jen. It's so good to see you again. I think we'll have a fun week."

We had 30 minutes between the end of the meal until the first session that night. I found out that I was sharing with Lou. That was an unexpected bonus. I showed her to our room and we both freshened up in readiness for the evening lecture.

We sat down in a seminar room near the dining room. It had been set up in typical fashion and would be where we were going to spend most of the week.

"Ladies, welcome," said a beautiful woman at the front of the room into the microphone, "to the first, hopefully annual, seminar on 'Spirituality, Sexuality and the Modern Woman. My name is Dr Susan Rochester and I will be leading the seminar this week."

There was a smattering of applause.

"Masturbation," she said. "We all have done it and the latest studies show that it is necessary for the sake of our mental health.

I blanched, embarrassed. I hadn't masturbated for years. In fact, I hadn't orgasmed for years. I was a little worried as to where this would take us.

"Most of you don't know each other. In a way this will be a good thing because you will be able to say and do things without worrying about what people might think because you probably won't see each other ever again."

Embarrassed giggles and a smattering of applause. Dr Rochester spoke about how healthy masturbation was and how important it was for our well being, especially as we aged. She spoke well and her voice was very easy to listen to.

She left us with homework, though. She said that we should go back to our rooms and watch each other masturbate. I looked at Lou in wide-mouthed wonder. Dr Rochester had also spoken a lot about the sense of touch and how important it was to our sexuality. "When, or if, you feel comfortable, I would like you to support each other while masturbating through touch. I'll leave it up to you as to how you work this out in your rooms. Good night ladies, and sweet dreams."

Lou and I looked at each other as if in a daze. We seemed to arrive at our room without having travelled there, went inside and sat down silently with our own thoughts.

Finally, Louise said, "what are you thinking, Jen?"

"I haven't masturbated for years," I replied.

"Me neither."

"Should we, could we?" I asked.

"I don't know. And what about the touching?"

"That's probably easier, but while we masturbate? I don't know."

"Lets just sit next to each other on the bed and hold hands," Lou suggested.

"OK"

So we moved onto one of the beds and held hands. We didn't say anything for a while but it was nice. She said, "How are you feeling about what the doctor said?"

"I'm not sure but I think I could do something tonight."

"Me too," she said. "Do you feel like taking some clothes off?"

"Yeah, OK. I'll leave my bra and undies on for now though," I said.

"Good idea."

So we stripped down to our bras and undies. She had on a beautiful, frilly black bra and brief set. It suited her frame and she looked good. I had a white set on, thinking, "thank God I put a matching set on today."

Lou said, "You look beautiful Jen."

"So do you, Lou," I replied. "I haven't seen another woman in her underwear since I stopped swimming years ago."

Again we held hands. "Jen, what turns you on?" Lou asked.

"I haven't really thought about it. Probably the idea that I could make love with my husband and actually orgasm. That hasn't happened for so long I can't remember."

"What, you haven't orgasmed..."

"For ages."

"Why not?"

"Well, my husband is a bit selfish. He comes and he sleeps. I'm not sure if he realises that I wouldn't mind a little pleasure too."

"Mine too," said Louise.

"And, I'm not sure how to say this, but I always feel like I'm going to pee my pants when I get close so I try to think of other things so I don't."

"But, Jen, that's the orgasm. It feels like you will piss yourself but you never do, you just feel an explosion of pleasure."

"Oh," I said. "I'll have to remember that."

She started to touch herself, rubbing her arms and her thighs. She was really getting into this. I was mesmerised by her. She massaged her boobs over the top of her bra. "Mmmm, this feels nice," she cooed. She looked at me and rubbed my arm. "Jen, give it a go. You'll feel great, I promise."

So I did. I began by caressing my legs and then ran my hands up my stomach and over my boobs. I slipped my bra straps down and peeled the cups away from my chest. I fluttered my fingers over my nipples and felt them get hard. They felt as hard as they had ever been. It felt like heaven. 

I glanced over at Lou and she had taken her bra off. She was fondling her boobs with a fierce desire. I undid my bra too and let it fall away. That felt really good. My nipples felt as if they were on fire.

I let my hand wander down and slip under the elastic of my knickers. My hand slid across my trimmed pubic patch. I was really wet. Without hesitation I ripped my knickers off, spread my legs and plunged two fingers into my cunt. I was as horny as I've been for such a long time! I plunged them in and out, in and out. I was grunting but I didn't care. I just wanted the end prize.

I glanced over at Lou. She had also removed her knickers and was rubbing her clit with abandon. She was mewling like a kitten as she did so.

I was getting closer and closer. "I need to pee," I gasped.

"Ignore it, let it go, Jen, just let it go," Lou urged.

"Ungh, urgh, ungh, aah, aaah, aaaaah, ooh, yes, fuck, aah, ooh, fuck, fuck, I'm coming, aaaaaaaaaaah."

I came like a steam train. I squirted my juice all over the bed and onto the floor. I had never, ever squirted before. I felt limp, hardly able to move.

Meanwhile I heard a series of moans next to me as Lou came too. Her orgasm looked like it was painful but I guess I probably looked like that too.

I couldn't move but I looked at Lou. She turned and looked at me too. I leaned in and gave her a little kiss on the lips. "That was intense," I gasped.

She stared at me, grabbed my head in both her hands and kissed me with a passion that was frightening. Her tongue found mine and they started to sword fight each other. We explored every inch of each other's mouth.

We broke the kiss. "Fuck, Lou, I've never been kissed like that before." I leaned towards her, eager for more. We turned our bodies towards each other and kissed with gusto. Our hands wandered over each other's bodies this time. I grabbed her nipples and squeezed. "Oh, yeah, that's it, squeeze them tight, Jen, squeeze them tight."

She returned the favour and I just about passed out in pleasure. One of her hands went further south and flicked my clit. I was still squeezing her nipples but I got the sudden urge to see her cunt up close. I wriggled around so she could still touch me and I could get close to her pussy. "Mmmm, it's so pretty, Lou. I think I want to taste it."

"Oh, please, Jen, stick your tongue in me, lick my clit, tongue fuck me, please."

So I did. I got my first taste of another woman right there on that bed. It was tangy and sweet and slippery. I bit her clit softly. "Oh, Jen, do that again."

I did, but harder. "Oh, yes," she said. "Don't stop. Don't you ever stop."

I kissed and licked and bit and licked and kissed until I had her panting. All of a sudden she tensed up. "Fuuuuuck, I'm coming," she yelled.

I got a mouthful of girly cum and it tasted great.

All the time Lou had her fingers in my pussy, working me into a frenzy. When she had calmed down she concentrated on my cunt and it wasn't long before she had me cumming too. 

She leaned in to give my pussy a kiss, tongue and all. "I like the way you taste, Jen. Very sexy."

I rolled back so we were face to face. "I've never done that before but I'm glad I did it with you, Lou. So very glad." 

I gave her a great big hug. Tears were rolling down my face. She looked at me and said, "Honey, what's wrong?"

"Oh, Lou, these are happy tears. I don't think I've ever felt like this after sex before. I feel so close to you right now."

"Me too, Jen, me too."

"I think I'll have to remake the bed. Look at it. It's soaked. I've never squirted before. I don't know what came over me."

"Jen, you just let yourself go and this was the result."

We lay together for a while, arms and legs draped around each other. We kissed and cuddled for ages before we fell asleep in each other's arms.

The next morning I woke up to the sound of the toilet flushing. I needed to pee too so I got up. Louise opened the bathroom door as I got to it. She simply grabbed me in a great big hug, which I reciprocated. We kissed for ages. I broke our kiss because I really was about to pee myself.

I went to the loo and came back into the bedroom. Lou was lying on the bed with her arms stretched out to me. I went to her and hugged her tight. "Good morning, beautiful lady," I said.

"Good morning to you too."

We kissed slowly with a subtle build up of passion. We both knew where this was heading and I couldn't be more ready.

Louise slipped down the bed until her face was at my pussy. "Open wide, darling. I need to taste you right now."

I spread my legs and Lou dived in with gusto. Normally, with my husband, if I've had sex the night before I'd prefer not to do anything the morning after. With Louise it seemed like the only thing TO do.

She made me cum in record time. When I slinked down to return the favour I was met with wide open legs and the most gorgeous sight I think I've ever seen, Lou's cunt throbbing, waiting for my tongue to invade it.

She must have been really horny because it took me no time to get her off. For the second time ever I made a woman cum with my tongue.

We both realised that we would need to get ready for the morning session of the seminar. We showered, separately, and got ourselves ready for the day. Once again, Lou's make-up was perfect. She helped me with mine too. I rarely wear a great deal of make-up but Lou insisted. When I saw myself in the mirror after she was finished, I was amazed. She had done an incredible job. I looked ten years younger.

We made it to breakfast and the seminar. I'm not sure what they talked about because I could only think of our hour long lunch break when I could take Lou back to our room and fuck her silly.

We talked during that session about our night. "Louise," I said, "I've never felt like this before. You are amazing; beautiful, sensual, all those things. I never believed in love at first sight, and I certainly didn't think I was a lesbian or bi, but I've got to say, I think I'm falling in love with you."

She had tears in her eyes when she replied, "Jen, you have no idea hearing you say that has made me feel. I feel the same way. I think this might be the start of something wonderful."

We left that session early to go back to our room and continue where we left off that morning. It was beautiful. We found ourselves telling each other all of our little secrets. You know the ones, the secrets we don't tell our husbands - the pair of shoes that cost $300, not $50; the time we ate the whole tub of ice-cream and blamed it on the kids; when we made them go and pick up the kids late at night because we were feeling sick, but really just couldn't be bothered; the times we refused sex for no particular reason.

Throughout the week, at every break, we made love. Not 'had sex,' but made love. Then we talked.

I was amazed that we had such similar viewpoints, especially on the whole sex thing. Lou said that she often felt used by her husband, that she was just a vessel for his sperm. I felt exactly the same.

I talked about how I had convinced my husband that I suffered from migraines so that throughout our marriage I had reason to refuse him sex when I didn't feel like it.

We both talked about how we loved to be in control of the where and when of sex with our husbands. We brought this one up while we were wrapped up in each other's arms having both just orgasmed. We laughed and began to stimulate each other again straight away. 

"I have never been tempted to go back for seconds with my husband," I said, "but it feels right when I do it with you, Lou," I said.

"I'm the same, Jen. I wish this week would never end."

"Yeah, me too."

"What's going to happen when the seminar finishes? I don't want to lose you."

"That's never going to happen, Lou. I think my husband is going to have to deal with the fact that I have fallen completely, totally and hopelessly in love with you."

On the last day, Louise disappeared for an hour or so. She didn't tell me where she was going, just that she would be back. After dinner that night we went back to our room. We grasped each other's hands and kissed passionately. I was just about to undress and devour her when she said, "Wait."

I was a little taken aback. Lou disappeared into the bedroom and returned with something behind her back. She came up to me, knelt down on one knee and said, "Jen, I love you and I never want to lose you. I know we are both still married and same-sex unions are still against the law, but will you marry me?"

With that she produces a jewellers box and gave it to me. I opened it and inside laid the most exquisite gold diamond ring I think I've ever seen. My jaw dropped open and I was speechless.

"Oh, Lou, yes, yes, a thousand times, yes. I don't know when or how we will manage it but yes, I will marry you. I love you soo much."

We both began to cry, and then, as Lou stood up, we kissed each other with a passion borne out of our love for each other.

We spent our final night in each other's arms dreaming of our future life together. I had no idea what the future held, except that it was without my husband and with my beautiful fiancé, Louise.