 The message from her simply read "Sensuelles 8:00 your red dress, black pumps, no bra, no panties." I shuddered when I read it. My Mistress promised me something special for my birthday. I had gotten home from working my shift, looking forward to a wonderful night of servitude and orgasmic bliss with her. But now, I was filled with a little trepidation as I read the message again. Oh God! I thought to myself. What the hell is she planning?

She and I had met only six months ago. I was had just started interning at the hospital, working my way to a nursing degree, and she had taken me under her wing, showing me the right way to do things and genuinely looking out for my best interest. It didn't take long for a mutual desire to form. She seemed just so sure of herself. Not in a cocky, arrogant way but in a more confident, commanding way. I found myself dreaming of her at night as I lay alone in bed, wishing she was there, holding me and making me feel secure. Oh sure. I had heard the rumors that she was a lesbian but I was afraid to ask her, afraid that I would offend her and she would stop caring about me. Until one day in the storage room, as I was going over inventory, she walked up behind me, placed her hands on my shoulders, turned me around and gave me one of the longest, most passionate kisses that I had ever received. I felt my knees go weak at that moment as a tingle seemed to emanate from my lips all the way to my clit. We started dating that night as she treated me to a dinner at her favorite French restaurant, Sensuelles.

I moved in with her about a month later. My lease was up on my apartment and instead of renewing, she suggested that we live together as roommates. She had shown me the pleasures of Sapphic love by that point. She had even taken my virginity with a strap on, saying afterwards that we were bonded. I was in love and would gladly follow her every order, cater to her every whim. Our relationship blossomed more when she became my Mistress. Sitting me down one night, we had a long talk about where she wanted our relationship to reach. I listened intently, and after deliberating about it for several hours, happily agreed to serve her, to be her submissive. To belong to her. She gave me a gold locket that night. Inside was a miniature picture of her and me, the first one we had taken together, and an inscription that read you are Mine forever. It was my most treasured possession and never was without it. I was hers.

I bathed and perfumed my body, shaving my vagina baby smooth and cleaning myself thoroughly, both inside and out. Carefully arranging my hair into the sweptback style I knew she loved and dabbing "Diamonds" on my body, I dressed in the clothing that she had requested. The locked settled in the ample cleavage between my breasts, and taking a deep breath, called for a car to come and take me to the restaurant.

The honking of the horn signaled that the car had arrived and, after taking a deep breath to steady my nerves and checking myself again in the mirror, I opened the door to walk outside. Instantly, the chilled night air caused my nipples to harden, pressing obscenely against the fabric and the juices that had leaked from my pussy to chill against my skin. I let out a little gasp and held the door to steady myself for a second before walking to the car. I could feel the drivers eyes roaming all over my body. I smiled politely as he held the door open for me and I accidentally showed him more bared leg than I meant to as I entered the car in the tight fitting dress.

Traffic was light that night and in no time, we arrived at the restaurant. I gratefully took his hand and exited the car. Entering, I walked up to the Maitre D. He smiled and led me to the back corner table. The elegance of Sensuelles always overwhelmed me, making me feel so self conscious. Now, the feelings were only intensified as I felt naked with only a thin layer of satin hiding my nudity from everyone. She stood up at my approach, looking absolutely stunning. She was in perfect contrast to me, wearing black with silver accessories, her short blonde hair to my long brunette. Moving from behind the long tablecloth, I notice that she had even worn her most expensive red pumps. She directed me to the seat next to the wall, facing out. I was a little surprised at this because she always loved sitting at this position.

"Oh my pet," she said as the waitress approached us, just loud enough for me to hear "we are going to have such fun." I looked in her eyes and saw the mischievous glint as she said this. Butterflies started fluttering in my stomach as, again, I wondered what she had planned for tonight.