 Finally, after making it through dinner, it was time to depart. Our waitress brought the check but before she left to ring up the tab, she leaned in close so that my Mistress could whisper in her ear. A devilish smile spread across her face and they both looked at me, hunger in their eyes. I nervously gulped another sip of wine as the waitress left. A few minutes later, she returned, handing the paper for my Mistress to sign. Then she walked over and handed what I thought was a cloth napkin. "Happy Birthday" she whispered into my ear before giving me a quick kiss on the cheek. When she turned and left, I realized that it wasn't a napkin that I was holding in my hand but her thong. I blushed furiously, trying to hide it as much as possible because I hadn't brought my purse with me.

Rising up off the chair, Mistress held out her hand to help me rise, which I did a little unsteadily, a combination of wine and nerves causing my balance to be somewhat off. Smoothing out my dress, I saw the shining damp spot on the chair and blushed again, knowing that whomever cleaned it would definitely figure out what I had done. We made our way to the car, the chilled night air sobering me up somewhat. As I opened the door to get in, Mistress stopped me in my tracks. "Take off your dress little one and put it in the back." Again, I hesitated. I couldn't believe what she was asking. But, before she repeated herself, I lifted the dress over my head, threw it in the backseat and quickly entered the car. Instantly, goose bumps rose all over my body, both from the chill of the air and the butterflies in my stomach. 

Mistress gracefully got behind the wheel, looked at me, again smiling that devilish smile, and told me to don the panties that I had still wadded up in my hand. I quickly put them on, silently thanking her that I had something to cover my most intimate area. They were a little tight, being about a size too small and the fabric dipped into the cleft of my pussy, rubbing against my clit. We then drove home which, for the most part was uneventful until she turned in to a McDonald's drive thru. My eyes went wide with panic which caused my Mistress to laugh and just drive around the building and out of the parking lot. I felt so exposed as I tried in vain to crouch down in the seat. I felt every car we passed could see my bared breasts. But soon, she had turned into the driveway and pulled in the garage. Never in my life had I been so relieved to be home. I retrieved my dress before getting out of the car and following her inside.

We walked to the bedroom in silence, me following about three steps behind. Once in the bedroom, Mistress turned, pulled me close and gave me a heart stopping, knee weakening kiss that seemed to last forever. When she pulled back, she told me to help her undress and prepare her for lounging. I removed her dress and unhooked the bra with practiced ease. Slipping her panties down her legs, I then went and picked out her favorite lingerie, a red teddy and black, silken robe. After she put on the clothes, I tidied up the bedroom and went to the living room to be with her. Her favorite light jazz station was playing softly on the speakers and I curled up next to her, still only wearing the waitress's panties.

"You were wonderful tonight, my little pet." she said as she stroked my hair. I had laid my head down on her lap, enjoying the feeling of her bare legs on my cheek.

"Thank you Mistress for the wonderful night. I had the most enjoyable time."

"Yes, I bet you did." she said, letting out a chuckle. "Everything went well except..." My eyes had been closed up to that point, but at that word, they flew open and a chill went down my spine. "Except, my little one, you hesitated. Twice." She was still petting me, her hand traveling from the top of my head, down my body and caressing my ass. I lay there, my heart pounding, as I tried to find a good excuse why. "One time, I could forgive, being nude in public a new experience for you. But, you also hesitated in the parking lot. Didn't I tell you I would never let any harm come to you little one? Didn't you swear that you would always trust me and follow every command?"

"Yes." I replied in a quiet squeak. 

"And yet, you still did not execute my commands as soon as I said them, did you?"

"No." I couldn't stop the quivering in my lips. Tears were welling in my eyes as I lay there, knowing that I had messed up. I always trusted my Mistress. She said that she would always protect me from harm. I knew I shouldn't have hesitated but it was a bit much when she had ordered me to.

Still stroking my body, she leaned over and kissed my face. "I'll tell you what. Since this is your birthday, I will let you decide what implement that I should use to punish you, okay?" I nodded my head, too nervous to speak. At that moment, Mistress received a text on her phone. "Ah, okay. You have one half an hour to decide; paddle, spatula, slipper, or hand." With that, Mistress gently raised up, propping my head with a pillow as she maneuvered from under me and got off the couch, taking her phone with her. I could hear her talking in the other room but couldn't make out the words. I had other things to think about anyway. Oh God! Which one would I choose? She had spanked me before. I remember the first time like it was yesterday. The stinging of my ass, the feeling like I had been naughty. The fantastic sex when Mistress fucked me. I was looking forward to this with feelings of both dread and desire. It didn't seem like she was too mad. Maybe she would be more gentle this time if I chose her hand.

I had no idea what Mistress was doing for the next half hour. I laid on the couch, watching the clock wind down to the half hour. I didn't know if I wish I could make time stop or speed it up. At last, Mistress walked back into the living room and let me use the bathroom before coming back and telling her what I had decided. She was sitting in her favorite chair, looking regal as I knelt beside her. I was just about to tell her that I wanted the hand when the doorbell rang. Looking at me with a slight smile on her face and a twinkle in her eye, she ordered me to answer the door. I was still only wearing the too tight thong but I quickly jumped up and went to the door. I was being punished for hesitation after all and I didn't want to make the punishment worse. I opened the door and saw that it was the waitress standing there. She was still wearing the same outfit that she had worn when we were at the restaurant. For a moment, I just stood there, dumbfounded with my tits just hanging out before letting her come inside.

"Oui Miss. Your little slave looks tres belle!" the waitress said as she walked through the door. I must have blushed all over because she then giggled at my expression. "Yes. I love your panties. You can keep them. They are my birthday present to you, yes?" I nodded and quietly gave a thank you as I led her to the living room. 

"Oh, I am so glad you could make it." my Mistress said, rising from her seat. They touched cheeks before they both sat. "Little one was just about to give me an answer."

"Oh? What was the question?" the waitress asked, perched on the couch. I had again knelt by my Mistress, who again started stroking my hair.

"Well, you see, I had given orders and she had hesitated before executing them. Not once but twice."

"Oh yes Miss. That is most grievous. I definitely see now why she must be punished." 

"But, I am feeling generous tonight seeing how it is her birthday and all so I was going to let her decide with what I was going to spank her with. Well?" she asked, turning to me. 

"OH GOD! Mistress is going to spank me with this stranger in the room!" I thought to myself. But I knew I had to give an answer. "Your h-hand Mistress." I was so nervous now, I couldn't even speak.

"Very well. I thought that would be your answer. Please assume the position." I climbed onto her lap, my tits hanging down and my hair covering my face when I felt her leg drape over my legs, pinning them down. "My dear, perhaps you would like to help and hold down her arms. I'm afraid that once I start, she might try to cover her backside."

"Oui Miss. It would be my pleasure." The waitress got off the couch, knelt down by my head and grabbed both my wrists. I looked up to see her smiling visage when the first blow landed on my ass cheek. 

I let out a little "Oh" as the sting took my breath away. Then the other came on the other cheek. So it began. Mistress started spanking me hard. There was no real rhythm so I couldn't anticipate when the next spanking would land. Around blow number twelve, tears started welling up and I started to cry. At this, Mistress stopped. I sighed thinking it was over. But I was wrong.

"Well, my dear, my hand is getting a sore. Would you like to take over?"

"Oh yes Miss! That would be magnifique!" The waitress let go of my wrists and stood up, moving back to the couch. Mistress led me over to her before telling me to lay across her lap, which I did. I couldn't believe that this woman, whom I'd only met hours before. was sitting on our couch with me, naked, laying across her lap ready to smack my sore, red ass. I started crying again at the first stinging slap and didn't stop until she gave me twelve more. At that point, my ass felt like it was on fire and I was sobbing quietly into the couch. Mistress gently helped me up before ordering me to stand in the corner with my hands behind my head. "Oui Miss, your little one's ass looks as red as a cherry, no?" the waitress said from the couch.

"I agree. A perfect heart shaped cherry." I couldn't help but smile a little at the compliment my Mistress had given me. She always said that my ass was my best physical feature. I assumed the position, feeling like a naughty little girl. I was embarrassed, in pain, and turned on in equal parts. I could hear my Mistress and the waitress talking quietly before both rose and began walking. The next thing I know, I feel hands start to lightly caress my ass and legs. I figured it was the waitress as I know the touch of my Mistress too well and this was different. Her hands began touching my inner thighs making their way slowly up to the valley between my legs. I couldn't help but get more aroused from the feather like touches and my pussy began to moisten. Then she touched my labia and my knees buckled a little. God, she was teasing me so much. I just wished she would make me cum. I let out a little sob of frustration as the waitress giggled and stepped back. Mistress had returned. I heard her walk up to me and then blackness as a blindfold covered my eyes and metal cuffs, the padded kinky kind, locked my hands behind my back

I was led to the bedroom and helped onto the bed. Laying there on my stomach, I heard the waitress gasp and realized that my Mistress had undressed. Then they both climbed onto the bed as well. "Now little one, this is your birthday." my Mistress said as she rubbed her hands all over my reddened ass as she knelt behind me. "So we both are going to give you your present. Tonight, you do not need permission to orgasm. Understand?"

"Yes Mistress." I choked out, trying to concentrate on her words. My brain was shutting down and all I could feel was her hands. Then my hands were unlocked and I was rolled over onto my back before both hands were relocked to separate bedposts. That's when I felt someone kneel at my head. Pussy lips kissed my mouth and, knowing what was expected, I began to lick and suck the vagina as best that I could. I knew right away that I was eating out the waitress as I felt fingers begin to play with my nipples. I moaned into the pussy I was ministering to and redoubled my efforts. I heard the waitress give a long sigh of pleasure as her thighs tightened around my head. She shivered as a mini orgasm coated my face with her juices. Then I felt my Mistress's tongue touch my engorged clit. I squealed into the waitress's pussy as Mistress began to eat me out. It felt so strange for her to do this as she preferred to be on the receiving end but soon, her talented tongue caused me to tense up and my second orgasm of the night flooded her face.

After I came, the waitress rolled her body off my head and she and Mistress got off the bed. I could hear movement but they both remained quiet, not giving me any indication of what they were doing. I was straining against the darkness, wanting some knowledge of what was coming. That's when I felt the clamp pinch down on my right nipple. I gasped in surprise as my left nipple was clamped the same way. They weren't the harshest clamps that my Mistress owned but they were tight enough to ache. Someone then crawled back on the bed between my legs and I felt the tip of the strap on pressing against my pussy hole. I was so wet, the eight inch plastic phallus easily slipped in to the hilt. Hands gripped my legs, lifting them into the air and one of them began to fuck me relentlessly. Like a piston, she kept up the pace, repeatedly slamming in. I felt my head begin to spin as the pressure started to build. That's when I felt my Mistress's lips touch mine. I opened my mouth to invite her in and our tongues began to wrestle in a fierce French kiss. My breathing quickened as all of the feelings, the feeling of helplessness from the cuffs, the pain from the spanking and the clamps, the fucking from the waitress, and, most importantly, the kiss from my beloved Mistress combined to trigger one of the biggest orgasms of my twenty two years on this earth. I screamed into her mouth and clamped down on the dildo as my whole body shook. I couldn't stop cumming. Each crest would subside and then another wracked my body. 

It must have been too much for me to bear because the next thing I remember, I am sandwiched between the two women, their naked bodies pressed against mine. They were both rubbing their hands all over mine. The clamps and the restraints had been removed so I reached out to pull Mistress close to me. "Thank you for the wonderful gift, Mistress." I whispered into her ear as we hugged each other tightly.

"I am so glad you enjoyed your gift, little one." she replied, giving me a quick kiss. I let her go, turning my body so that I could embrace the waitress.

"Thank you too." I said before kissing her in thanks.

"You are so very welcome. I am so grateful that I could help you celebrate." I smiled at her and laid back, sighing in contentment, as the three of us drifted off to sleep.

*

For my Little Sister OoOoOoO