 The sleepy village of Brompton Regis in Gloucestershire, England, has been turned upside-down by the arrival of the sultry newcomer - Serafina. Professor Havelock's new, very exotic wife, who he met at the Black Cockerel Burlesque club in Basse Terre, the capital of the idyllic French-Caribbean island of Guadaloupe during his latest oceanographic expedition.

Serafina had caused quite a stir within the ranks of the sexually-repressed ladies of the Brompton Regis Women's Institute since two of them recently discovered that the exotic beauty also happens to be a very experienced Dominatrix. But her 'comings' and goings had not escaped the eagle eyes of the local Neighbourhood Watch, headed by the redoubtable Beatrice Hetherington, who kept a cease-less watch over the residents of the sleepy village, ensuring they were kept safe from rape and pillage... and fly-tipping. She had Serafina firmly in her sights, suspecting her of everything from arranging Pagan orgies to holding overdue library books! But Hettie needed help to bring this outrageous upstart to heel. And she knew just the man. 

Since leaving the army, all Ben Fletcher wanted to do was return to what was his maternal home. Taking up residence in his dearly departed parents tiny but beautiful cottage, he just wanted to find himself again, after one too many deployments to another shithole in some middle-eastern desert. Along with a few Arabic trinkets, Ben brought back a healthy dose of repressed PTSD and an all too familiar relationship with his new best friend since his wife left him... Jack Daniels. 

Hettie was on Ben's case from the minute he got back, cajoling him to be the avenging sword of the Neighbourhood Watch. He thought she was a complete fruit-loop who had read one too many crime novels. But he wasn't rude by nature so he refrained from telling her what he really thought and did his best to keep her at arm's length. However, he finally gave in to her constant badgering and agreed to go along with her hare-brained plan to take a closer look at the (according to her) highly suspicious goings-on at Moonstone, the stately home of the new 'Lady' Havelock just to shut her up. 'Anyway', he thought, 'it would be an opportunity engage in a covert operation again. At least no-one would be shooting at him this time! So late that Saturday night... 

Ben paused at the foot of the ancient tall dry-stone wall to check the moon-scape. The inky sky was back-lit by a pale wintery moon. 'Plenty of shadow, perfect for a 'Close Target Recce.' He warily double-checked his arcs, left to right, a fail-safe drummed into him many years ago at Hereford. He moved slowly, purposefully, along the base of the wall, ensuring his shadow-cast was invisible against the bleak cold stone which had protected the mansion he was about to infiltrate for centuries. 

He snuck over the ancient stone wall like a black ghost, moving swiftly through the ornate garden. He took in every detail of his surroundings, the tennis court, the outdoor pool, the maze. 'They've even got their own maze?' he wondered. But for what looked a lot like a stately home, their security was dog-shit Ben thought, as he stole towards the huge wooden French Windows. He defeated the lock in seconds and found himself in the Billiard Room. He remained motionless, checking for any signs of life. 

After a long sixty seconds he was satisfied that his entry into the property had gone un-noticed. Before opening the big heavy wooden he fished inside his belt-kit, retrieving a small can of WD40 which he liberally sprayed over the old hinges and the door-knob. After wiping the residue off the hardware, he tentatively twisted the brass handle. The door opened silently into a large musty corridor full of tapestries, old suits of armour and history.

Stopping every few seconds for a 'noise-check', he continued into the dimly lit house. His radar was on 'full alert' for nosey animals or maybe even servants wandering about. Every eventuality was processed and risk-assessed before and during the mission. His senses picked up muted music, apparently coming from the other side of the oak-panelled wall he was creeping along. His eyes could not make out any obvious door or entrance. 'Hmm, weird!' Then he froze. He could definitely hear voices also coming from the other side of the wall. Female voices. His fingers softly tapped the wood panelling. 'Thud...Thud...Thud...donk...' 'Found it!' He quickly tested the panel for any sign of movement - solid. 'Shit!' Then he noticed the suit of armour next to the panel. 'No way.' he thought dubiously as he gingerly pulled back on the scary looking studded mace the suit of armour was holding in its gloved hand. It moved easily, no creaks. 'Bingo!' The large ceiling to floor panel section swung ajar, just like in the movies. 

Ben slid silently inside, pushing the heavy panel shut then stared at his surroundings; a dimly-lit ornate narrow corridor leading to a pair of heavy curtains. Muted music drifted through the corridor as he walked towards a pair of heavy embroidered curtains. He moved smoothly and silently, in default 'caution' mode. As he neared the doorway he heard voices. He froze instinctively, listening. 'Two. Male and female. Then another female voice.' As he neared the entrance he heard one of the female voices again, but much closer. He saw a door embedded in the leather-clad wall. He opened it very slowly, holding his breath to ensure complete silence (again, old habits die hard). He glided slowly into the room like a black wraith and stood motionless against the wall, similarly clad in plush leather. 

In the centre of the small room, he saw a tall winged chair with a side-table supporting a silver Champagne bucket. Ben could see a bare female arm holding a champagne flute, and an unmistakable big hair-do above the top of the chair. The occupant of the chair appeared to be concentrating on the wall in front of her, staring straight through a large rectangular two-way mirror. Ben shifted his line of sight and was stopped dead in his tracks. He couldn't believe what he was looking at!

Standing in what appeared to be a 5-star sex-dungeon, equipped with all the bells and whistles, was Lady Havelock, the Professor's trophy wife. She was wearing black thigh-length PVC Cavalier Boots, black stockings and a black PVC Waspie, tied at the front with black ribbon, cut low to expose her magnificent breasts. She was wearing a black kitten mask and holding what very much looks like a small cat o'nine tails. 

'Then what did he do?' Ben heard her voice softly amplified in the sound-proof room, her accent sounded deliciously menacing. The woman in the chair replied, 

'He bent her over the desk and pushed her skirt up.' Ben's gaze shifted, following Lady Havelock as she strode over to a large wooden desk, which happened to have a rather attractive brunette tied to it. She stood behind the girl and pushed her legs apart with her feet, one leg at a time. The girl tried to look round. Ben noticed the small round rubber gag in her mouth. Her eyes were wide with apprehension. Lady Havelock gripped the hem of her grey pin-stripe skirt and lifted it, exposing the girl's stocking-tops.

'No, higher!' came the order from the woman in the booth! Lady Havelock pulled the girl's skirt over her hips. The girl let out a muffled cry, prompting Lady Havelock to swish the wicked little whip across her very curvy backside. The girl flinched. 

'No talking!' ordered Lady Havelock. She then slipped a finger inside the hapless brunette's white knickers and pulled them across her bottom, one side at a time, exposing the girl's creamy white buttocks. Lady Havelock then ran her fingers down the back of the brunette's legs, along her thighs, toying with her suspenders. Then she flicked her whip across the girl's exposed bottom. The girl let out a cry. Lady Havelock stepped back to inspect the red marks on her creamy white skin. 

'I'm sorry Victoria! I was a bloody fool. Please let her go.' The male voice Ben had almost forgotten about belonged to a naked middle-aged man who appeared to be chained to a wooden frame in a dimly-lit corner of the room. Lady Havelock strode over to him and lashed him across his abdomen, the tails of the cat catching his, by now, extremely shrivelled penis, causing him obvious pain. Ben automatically winced.

The woman in the chair, who Ben guessed was Victoria, spoke again. 'That'll bloody-well teach you to keep it in your pants next time Dennis! Just remember this the next time you decide to shag one of your bloody media girls at your bloody office conference!' Ben could tell Victoria was seriously pissed off with Dennis. Victoria then suddenly stood without warning. Grabbing her champagne flute she turned towards the door. 

'Oh! Who the bloody hell are you?' Victoria demanded in a slightly shocked tone as she realised she was not alone in the room. Ben was, for the second time that evening, completely lost for words as Victoria was wearing a skin-tight red PVC Basque cut to below the navel, which just about kept her ample breasts from falling out. Her outfit was topped off with red PVC cavalier boots and stockings.

'Er, I'm the gardener Ma'am,' Ben lamely replied, wincing inwardly.

'Well what on earth are doing in here? Shouldn't you be outside trimming bushes or something?' The irony of her comment was hardly lost on Ben, as the outfit she was wearing apparently didn't come with knickers. She, naturally, caught him staring at her own inviting bush. 'Oh for God's sake man! Bugger off and prune some roses or something!' She haughtily strode from the room, leaving Ben with a huge erection, a lasting hint of Chanel No 5 and the sound of her stockinged thighs rubbing together as she walked past him. 

Ben considered leaving but was transfixed at this absolutely bizarre but incredibly erotic 'live' sex show he was witnessing. 'Who on earth were these people?' he wondered. As Victoria entered the chamber he could hear the conversation in the main room through the speakers.

'Well hello darling.' Lady Havelock purred. 'Have you come to play?' 

'Well, I was enjoying my champagne until I was disturbed by your bloody gardener!'

'My gardener?' Lady Havelock looked puzzled, 'We buried him in the family cemetery last month.'

'Well, whoever he was he can sort my garden out whenever he wants!' Victoria wickedly retorted. She then crossed over to the hapless girl tied to the desk. 'Well now Donna. This might teach you not to bugger about with silly old sods like my pathetic husband, even if he is your MD!' Without further ado she smacked the girl's bum hard with her bare hand, leaving another welt. Donna whimpered. Victoria smacked her other cheek equally hard, then roughly pulled her white knickers down to her knees. 'Well, let's see how she likes this then shall we Lady H?' 

Victoria reached across the desk. Donna saw her grab a bottle of clear viscous fluid. She clenched the cheeks of her creamy white bum in response to the sensation of the cold lubrication Victoria began smearing clinically across her buttocks and between her inner thighs. She winced at first. Then the sensation changes to perverse pleasure, as Victoria slipped two fingers inside her pussy.

'Is this what he did? Pushed his tiny cock up here did he?' Donna nodded enthusiastically, verbally agreeing through her rubber gag. 

'Hold this would you, there's a love.' Victoria passed the lube to Lady Havelock who was becoming a very interested by-stander. Victoria then opened a drawer in the desk and slowly pulled out a huge black dildo. 'Ooh, look what I've just found Donna.' Victoria waved the phallus in front of her. Its size and weight making it weave, like the head of a giant Cobra. Donna's eyes grew wide with alarm, or was it something else? Victoria again slapped her hard on her now rather red backside, then ran the palms of her hands over Donna's bum, spreading her wide open. Victoria then played the tip of the huge dildo from the small of Donna's back, between the cheeks of her curvaceous, sore, bum, across the rim of her tight anus, making her involuntarily wince. She then continued down, pushing the head of the enormous phallus between Donna's flushed, swollen lips.

'I bet you're rather enjoying this aren't you dear?' Donna again enthusiastically nodded and mouthed... 

'Yes! Yes! Ohhhh!' 

Ben was transfixed. He could not believe what was happening... and right in front of him! How the bloody hell was he ever going to tell any of his mates about this, not that they would ever believe him. He couldn't help himself, his erection, now officially at DEFCON 5, was being stimulated almost sub-consciously as he massaged his erect cock through his rip-stop black combat trousers as the events in front of him continued to unfold.

'Mind if I join in?' Victoria turned to the sound of Lady Havelock's voice. She slid her hand between Victoria's thighs and kissed her full on the lips, biting. Victoria stiffened with delight. 'Well I think these need to come out, don't you?' Lady Havelock smiled wickedly at Victoria as she slipped her fingers inside Victoria's red PVC Basque, freeing her large pendulous breasts, one at a time. 'There, that's much better.' Lady Havelock purred as she leant forward, cupping Victoria's breasts with her hands, lifting and separating them whilst tweaking her nipples between her thumb and forefinger. Victoria closed her eyes, enjoying the sensation. Almost as much as Ben.

'Now what have we here?' wondered Lady Havelock, as she ran her hand down Victoria's warm abdomen, enjoying the feel of the warm PVC. Her fingers continued south, playing with Victoria's thick bush. She pushed firmly against her pubis with her palm, allowing her fingertips to brush against Victoria's moist lips. Victoria shuddered. 

'Bloody hell that's good.' She moaned. 'Fuck me you filthy bitch!' Victoria ordered. 

Lady Havelock then reached behind Victoria towards Donna, who was still bent over the desk, now impaled by a huge black dildo. She grasped the end of the sex toy and pulled it slowly out. Donna moaned as the phallus was withdrawn from her swollen, soaking wet pussy. The escaping air sounded from Donna's pussy sounded as though she had just farted. Lady Havelock smiled and turned to the trussed-up brunette. 

'Hmm, don't worry, pretty young thing, we haven't forgotten about you!' Lady Havelock leant towards Donna and slapped her hard on her bum again, causing the girl to whimper. She then slipped her hand between the cheeks of Donna's now very sore bum, pressing her thumb against Donna's hot tight anus. Donna moaned in painful ecstasy. Then Lady Havelock slowly slid a finger inside her delicious bum, making Donna writhe with exquisite pleasure. 

Lady Havelock then stood behind Donna and bent down, her lips brushing Donna's creamy white young skin. She pushed Donna's soft sore cheeks wide open, stretching the lips of her now soaking wet pussy, into which Lady Havelock sank her hot tongue. Victoria did not want to miss out on the fun, and crouched on all fours behind Lady Havelock, pushing her coffee-coloured cheeks apart to explore her crotch-less PVC knickers with her mouth. Victoria deeply inhaled the musky scent of Lady Havelock's perfumed vagina mixed with the industrial aroma of hot wet PVC. 

Lady Havelock pushed back against Victoria's urgent exploring tongue, simpering as she rythmically plunged the huge black dildo deep inside Donna, almost with a screwing motion which she alternated as she pulled and pushes, working Donna's dripping wet pussy. The phallus was then yanked out and Lady Havelock greedily licked Donna's delicious nectar off its tip, before plunging it back inside her. Donna's hips were by now swaying in approval...