 A towel wrapped around her long dark hair, Rhiannon Jones stepped out of the bathroom.

"Hey, Rhia," her roommate called from the living room.

Rhia started at the sound of Dorothy's voice. Ducking back into the bathroom for her robe, she padded down the short hall. "Hey yourself," she said. "I thought you were planning a late night."

Dorothy laughed. "I was hoping for a late night but it was not to be." She twisted around on the couch to look at Rhia. "I thought you were planning the same. Or are you just cleaning up after Round One?"

Rhia made a face. "Yeah, right." Belting her robe loosely, she came and sat on the couch.

"Oh, lord, another groper?" Dorothy asked. "You always take a shower after a groper-date."

"Yep, another one," said Rhia with a sigh. "I swear, Dot, I'm starting to believe the entire male population within a hundred miles consists of guys whose only idea of making love to a woman is to grab her tits at the first opportunity."

"An interesting hypothesis, Ms Jones," Dorothy said in a professorial tone. She was a graduate student at Blank University and often taught classes for her professors as part of her degree program. "Do you have data to back it up?"

Rhia giggled. "Well, Professor Warner, I do have a number of case studies. They aren't written up yet, of course, as I am still in the experimental stage of this research."

"I see. However, the raw data tends to support this theory about the foreplay technique of the local male population?"

"Yes, ma'am, it does."

Dorothy stroked her chin in imitation of Professor Sanderson, her thesis advisor. Rhia was taking a freshman course from him and knew the gesture well. "Hmm ... interesting. What sort of control have you been using in your experiments, Ms Jones?"

"Control, Professor?"

"Why, certainly. After all, it is hardly scientific to use only a female subject whose ... ah ..." Dorothy cleared her throat. "Whose physical pulchritudinousness ... yes, I think that is the word ... is so attractive to the male libido as to cause the reaction you describe. You will need to include a female subject who is less of a ... babe."

The two roommates burst into giggles. Dorothy got up from the couch. "You want a beer, Ms Jones?" she asked.

"Thank you, Ms Warner, I would," Rhia answered.

Dorothy and Rhia's dormitory had been built in the 1920s as an apartment building. The suite of rooms they shared was one of the top floor apartments, reserved for graduate students or faculty members in need of temporary accommodations. The suite consisted of two bedrooms, a living room and a tiny but adequate kitchenette. Rhia, a freshman, should not have been given such a plum but there had been a mix-up in room assignments that left her with nowhere to live. She'd been sitting in the Housing office when Dorothy arrived and the older student had graciously offered to take Rhia as a roommate. 

Dorothy went to the refrigerator and got two bottles of beer. She opened them and turned to go back to the couch, but stopped. Rhia had taken off the towel and shaken out her wet hair. She sat sideways, one long leg curled under her, her robe hanging loose. Dorothy sighed and smiled. She had been smitten almost at once by her unexpected roommate's beauty. Rhia was the least self-conscious person Dorothy had ever met. Hardly an exhibitionist, she nevertheless did not mind Dorothy seeing her in various states of undress.

"We're both women," Rhia had declared the first time Dorothy blushed at being caught staring. "And anyway, it's nothing you haven't seen before."

Dorothy had refrained from pointing out that Rhia's face and figure were like nothing she'd ever seen before. Tall and curvacious, the freshman had a figure that made heads turn wherever she went. Her dark hair, her blue eyes, her bright smile, all these added to the stunning impression Rhiannon Jones made.

Handing Rhia a beer, Dorothy sat opposite her, unconsciously mirroring Rhia's position. They clinked their bottles and drank.

"So the new club was a bust, was it?" Rhia asked.

"Yeah, just another meat-market."

"Too bad, I know you were looking forward to a little fun."

Dorothy shrugged. "Fun's where you find it, I guess," she said. "To be honest, I'm not sorry. I kind of like our evenings at home."

Rhia smiled. "So do I," she said.

The evening passed in conversation and beer and laughter. Somewhere in the middle of her third bottle, Rhia, who was not used to drinking, looked at Dorothy and asked, "What exactly did you mean before about my pulchritu ... pulchri ..."

"Pulchritudinousness?"

"Yeah, that."

"I meant that maybe it's not fair to the guys you go out with that you so damn gorgeous."

"What?"

"I mean, let's face it, Rhia, you're a babe, so naturally guys sort of lose their minds when they get near you."

"But ... but ... I don't tease them."

"You don't have to." Dorothy took a swig of beer. "It's not your fault, honey, it's just the way you're built." She gave Rhia a leer. "And, baby, you're built."

"Oh, great, so if I want to have a nice, quiet date I should ... what? Have surgery and become a ... a ... non-babe?" Rhia's vocabulary had suffered a little from the beer.

"Of course not, I'm just saying that you shouldn't be surprised that guys react the way they do. I quite agree that it sucks, I'm just saying it's not strange." Smiling at Rhia's pout, Dorothy said, "You're a beautiful woman, Rhia, you should be proud of that."

"Yeah, well, I am, I mean, I like being attractive and all, but sometimes I just wish ..."

Dorothy scooted closer on the couch. "I know, hon," she said, touching Rhia's cheek. "It can't be easy having such power." She laughed. "Heck, the first time you came waltzing out of the bathroom without this robe on, well, you got me wet."

Rhia gaped. "I what?"

Dorothy blushed scarlet. She chugged her beer. The words were out, so she said, "I don't want to shock you, Rhia, but yeah, you turn me on."

Rhia had never considered the idea of being attractive to another woman or of being attracted to one. Her conservative upbringing had no room for such a thing, so it was probably the beer that kept her from being freaked out by Dorothy's admission. But Rhia had always been the black sheep in her family, too. "You mean that you'd like to go to bed with me?"

"I think we've had a bit too much to drink," Dorothy said. "Or maybe too little."

"What's that mean?"

"It means we either need to quit drinking and talk about something else or drink more, if you want to talk about what I just said."

Rhia got up and strode to the fridge. She retrieved four more beers, opened them, and came back.

"Drink," she ordered, holding one out to Dorothy.

Dorothy laughed out loud. She took the bottle, saluted Rhia with it, and tipped it up. Rhia did the same but she was less adept at chugging and choked about a third of the way in.

When she'd stopped sputtering and mopped the foam from her face, Rhia asked, "Are you a lesbian, Dot?"

"No, hon, just a simple bi girl. Would it bother you if I was gay?"

Rhia thought a moment. "No," she said, "No, I'm sure it wouldn't." She took a sip from her bottle, then continued, choosing her words carefully. "So ... you have ... both male and female lovers?"

"I haven't either at the moment, as you well know," Dorothy chuckled. "But yeah, I've had both male and female lovers. You sound surprised."

"No, well ... I just never thought about it." Rhia felt her face grow warm. "I just never thought of you in a sexual way, is all."

"Maybe that's my problem getting laid," Dorothy pouted. "I just don't arouse sexual thoughts in the people I meet."

"That's not what I meant, Dot," Rhia hurried to explain. "I just meant that I never ... You're pretty gorgeous yourself, you know."

"Thanks, hon, but compared to you ..." She shrugged and took a swig.

"I meant it."

Dorothy smiled. "I know you did."

Rhia sat silently for several minutes, drinking her beer. "So what's it like, making love with another woman?" she asked.

"It's ..." Dorothy gestured with her bottle. "It's ... it's ... very different than with a man."

"I figured that."

"Okay, that wasn't a good answer." Dorothy took a drink and put on what Rhia had come to think of as her thinking face. "Okay, well, if I'm in the mood for hard, fast sex I go looking for a guy. I know it's not politically correct, but sometimes I just want 'wham, bam, thank you, ma'am.' If I want something slower and softer, on the other hand ..."

Rhia nodded. "So sex with a woman isn't as ... ferocious?"

"Not always, no. I mean it can be, I've had a couple of encounters with women that have been just as fierce as my fast fucks with men, but usually the passion takes longer to build. It's just as earth-shaking and mind-blowing but it doesn't qualify as instant gratification. Does that make sense?"

"I guess. Of course, you're asking the wrong person. My entire experience is limited to trying to escape the clutches of the gropers."

Dorothy knitted her brow. "Wait a minute. You're a virgin?" Rhia blushed again and nodded. Dorothy said, "I just assumed ... well, that proves the saying, 'When you assume, you make an ass of you and me.'"

Rhia laughed. "It's not something one advertises," she said. "'Hi, I'm Rhia Jones and I'm a virgin.'"

Giggling, Dorothy finished the beer she held and picked up another one. "I just figured, you know, that you weren't. I lost my cherry when I was sixteen."

"Did you really?"

"Uh huh."

"How was it?"

"Fast."

"Fast?"

"Yeah, we were all hot and bothered and he asked me, begged me and I said okay and then our clothes were off, mostly, I mean, I remember that my panties were still around one ankle when it was over and then, well, it was over."

"Just like that?"

"Yeah, just like that. I expected it to hurt but there was just a little twinge." Dorothy took a drink. "The worst part was leaking for two days afterwards and worrying until I got my period again."

"Leaking?" Rhia made a face. "Eeew."

Dorothy laughed. "Yeah. Sperm is fairly yucky when it's oozing out of your pussy."

Rhia's hand flew to her mouth. "Too much information!" she cried.

Dorothy grinned and leaned forward. "And if the guy isn't circumcised, you have to make him wash first, because there's this stuff that accumulates under his foreskin ..." Rhia shrieked and covered her face. "It's called 'smegma' and believe me, if anything has been named correctly, that has." Rhia was giggling hysterically, rocking back and forth. Her movements loosened her robe and Dorothy suddenly stopped laughing. "Jeez, Rhia," she breathed, "You are so beautiful." 

Rhia uncovered her face and looked down at her bare breasts. She made a move as if to cover them. Dorothy reached out a hand to cup one. Her touch was very gentle, just the tips of her fingers against the underside of Rhia's breast.

They sat like that for a long moment. Then Rhia took Dorothy's hand and placed it over her breast. When she spoke her voice was a whisper. "Dot?"

"Yes, Rhia?"

"Just ... uhm ... just don't grope me, okay?"

Rhia always remembered her first time with Dorothy as her awakening. "It was exactly the way I always expected it to be, except that I always thought my first time would be with a man," is what she would say when pressed.

Dorothy was gentle and tender, partly because she was in awe of Rhia's great beauty and also because she wanted Rhia's first time making love to be special. Rhia, at first, was quite passive, letting Dorothy divest her of her robe and lay her back on the couch. As her roommate - her friend - caressed her ad kissed her, Rhia found herself growing more and more passionate. She returned Dorothy's kisses with increasing fervor and she became eager to explore her friend's body the way her own was being explored. After they'd fallen off the couch for the third time, Rhia said, "If this keeps up, we're going to hurt ourselves, Dot."

"Your bed or mine?"

"Mine's closer."

"Lead on, then."

Arms about each other they swayed down the hall.

"I love your tits."

"I could suck yours forever."

"Promise?"

"Promise."

"And your pussy's so pretty."

"Really?"

"Really."

"I like yours, too."

"Will you lick until I come?"

"What, again?"

"And again and again and again."

"Only if you lick me and make me come."

"Oh, I will, I will."

"Promise?"

"Promise."

And so it was all night long.