 On Monday morning, they drove to Alice's Auto shop to find out about getting Chantell's car fixed. They found Alice underneath a '66 t-bird convertible. She was restoring the vehicle and was pretty much her only job except for the occasional motorist breakdown. She was surprised to see her friend Sierra. She also wondered who was this sexy female was with her.

"Hey Sierra, what brings you to my shop? Did your car break down?

"No, for once it is purring like a kitten, but I do have a problem or at least Chantell has the problem."

"Alice, this is Chantell and she needs a new radiator for her BMW."

"A beamer huh? Well I don't exactly carry those parts on hand. I guess I can get Mike in the city to ship me one but it could take a few days. I assume you are staying with Sierra and I can reach you there."

"I will be staying as long as it takes, and maybe a little longer if it is okay with Sierra. I really don't have any plans for the next few days."

"Okay then I will let you know when it's finished. Is the car at your house Sierra or out on the road?"

"It is at my house, just come by and get it. Leave a note on the door if we aren't at home."

Sierra and Chantell then started walking down the street. Chantell found it curious that in all the little shops they went into, they had not seen one male. She saw a couple of small boys but no grown men. She was going to ask Sierra about it but changed her mind.

They stopped in the Rainbow Café and got some lunch and chatted about this and that. 

"Sierra, why are there no men in town. I saw a couple of little boys, but no grown men. What did you do, scare them away?"

"That is kind of difficult to explain. You see I made lots of money writing my books, and there really are not that many places for lesbians to live in the open. Be able to walk down the street holding hands, kissing in public. A large percentage of my female friends are lesbians and we hold social gatherings once or twice a month. The next one is at my house next weekend. Anyway, through our discussions, we decided we needed a place to call our own. There are many gay communities out there, but we love the land out here and no one wanted to move.

Ten years ago we formed the "Serenity Valley Project" and we purchased this valley and got the town incorporated. Most people consider me the Mayor, although I hate that title. Most of us own the property that we live on, and for those who couldn't afford the land, I purchased it for them and they rent it from me. But I will let you in a little secret if you promise not to tell a living soul. I take the rent they give me and apply it towards ownership. When they have enough to pay me what I paid for it plus a little profit and any expenses I occurred fixing the house, then I hand them the deed and they own it. We named the town 'Serenity Valley', because my ranch was where the idea originated. You won't find it on the map, and most of the women who live around here knew each other before they moved here. Any one new comes to town, it means that someone invited them to join us. There are a few guys, but they are also gay and we don't see them very much. We never had a problem with unwanted visitors. Most people take the interstate five miles west of here. Very few people, except regulars and a few sexy blondes when their car breaks down, take the back roads"

"Wow! That's a great story, you should get it published someday. I admire you for fighting for something you believe in."

"Well since you are going to be staying with me a few days, I think we should get you some clothes to wear. I have a private plane at the airport, want to go to New York and do some shopping?"

"Fly to New York! I would love to I have never been there!"

Sierra laughed to herself. I think I am falling in love. 

The plane ride to New York was quick and Sierra was an excellent pilot. She landed in New York at a small field and Chantell was impressed that a limo was waiting for them. They went shopping at all the major stores. Chantell was trying on different outfits and Sierra was giving her approval or disapproval. When it came time to pay for the clothes, Sierra told Chantell that she insisted on paying for them.

"I can't let you do that! I won't take your money."

"Honey, I really want to do this, please let me."

"Well ok, but since it is so late let me pay for the hotel and dinner."

They were only a few blocks from the hotel and it was a very warm evening, so they told the driver to take the packages to the hotel and pick them up in an hour.

The walked back to the hotel, discussing where they should have dinner. They held hands and giggled like a couple of teenagers in love. They passed a bookstore and Sierra asked Chantell if she wanted to go in.

The shop owner was all a flutter when he saw his favorite customer walk in.

"Sierra, my darling. How lovely to see you again."

"Hello Gary, how have you been. I am sorry I have been away so much. Did the new shipment come in yet?"

"Yes my sweets, your new books arrived yesterday and they are selling very fast. Who is this raving beauty that is draped on your arm?"

"Gary this is Chantell, Chantell, this is my dear friend Gary. He gave me a lot of emotional support when I first started writing. I owe him my love and gratitude for everything. I always make sure he is the first to read any story."

"She gives me too much credit. She has a very sensual and erotic way of writing. She can make the pages come alive. "Have you read any of her books, Chantell?"

"No I haven't read any yet. My car broke down and Sierra was kind enough to let me stay for a few days, but we have been kind of busy."

Sierra and Chantell shared a laugh. When the phone rang, Gary went to answer it and the two women went to look around the shop. It carried mostly gay fiction. Mostly lesbian, and practically all of the selections were Sierra's books.

They found some posters, and naughty cards. There were educational books as well as some very unique items. Chantell was not very experienced when it came to sex. She married Michael right out of high school and he was the only guy she was every with sexually. The last few days with Sierra were some of the most sensual and erotic experiences she had ever had before. So she was curious as to why there were whips, chains, leather straps and handcuffs in a bookstore. She thought to ask Sierra this but she was back talking to Gary about the next shipment. She saw dildos of all shapes, sizes and colors. She saw one out of the corner of her eye. She peeked over to see if Sierra was looking and since she wasn't she picked up the box.

It was fifteen inches long, battery operated, had ten circular speeds, ten pumping speeds, and ten vibrating speeds. The box said that with an additional purchase you could attach a device that could shoot liquid. Oh my, thought Chantell that would split me wide open. Compared to her little dildo, this thing was a machine. She shuddered and put the box down. She was getting very moist looking at all the items and picked up a box here and there, but she couldn't get her mind off the monster she had looked at earlier. She saw a small pink box and read about it. It said it was called a "butterfly". Where do they come up with these names? She read the box and discovered that the user could place this over her clit and it would massage her clit consistently. It also stated that you could attach it to your waist and wear it under your clothes. She really wanted to try this one. She thought, 'Something massaging my clit for hours on end was something definitely worth buying.' She was embarrassed though about buying it in front of Sierra.

Sierra was watching Chantell looking at the items and saw her face flush when Chantell picked up two boxes, Sierra winked at Gary and Gary whispered, "I know which ones she is looking at. Do you want me to ship them to your hotel? Sierra simply nodded. She was entranced by Chantell's reaction.

Sierra walked over to Chantell and kissed the back of her neck. Chantell jumped and then giggled. She felt a warm flush start with her neck, run down her cheeks and right to her clit. 'God, what this woman does to me, she is about to drive me insane,' she thought to herself.

"Ready to go darling?"

"Y…Y…Yes!" She stammered.

They walked to the hotel and almost as soon as they were in the hotel room and the door closed, Chantell attacked Sierra. She pushed her up against the wall and started kissing her neck, tearing at her clothes. Running her hands all over her breasts. Sierra let out a low moan. Chantell turned Sierra around so that she could kiss her back and her ass. She ran her tongue and fingers up and down both legs. Smelling the musty smell of sex coming from Sierra. Sierra turned around and pulled Chantell up to her, picked her up and carried her to the bed.

They fell on the bed in the rush to get to each other and arms were flying every where. Mouths were searching for anything to suck, lick or kiss. Nipples against nipples, cunt to cunt, mouth to mouth. They couldn't get enough of each other. Their bodies burned and ached for each other. They were close to being animalistic. Sierra turned her body around so they could sixty-nine each other. It was over in seconds. Each had been so worked up that one touch on each other's clit was all it took. They lay on the bed panting. 

About fifteen minutes later, they got up and proceeded to take showers and get ready for dinner. Sierra was wearing a short black dress that was very low cut. The only jewelry she wore was a delicate gold chain. She looked like she stepped out of a fashion magazine. She had very little makeup on. The only other thing that stood out was the sly grin she wore on her face. While Chantell was in the shower the packages from Gary's Shop had arrived. She took out the "butterfly" and held it in her hands behind her back. Gary did not send the one Chantell was looking at though. He sent a "butterfly" but this one came with a remote control.

When Chantell came out of the shower, she saw that Sierra was standing there looking so sexy and beautiful. She had her hands behind her back. Sierra pointed at Chantell, turned up her finger and motioned for Chantell to come here. Sierra ran her fingers over Chantell's eyes and closed her eyelids.

Chantell was motionless, the cool air of the air conditioner and the excitement of what Sierra was going to do had her nipples hard and firm. Sierra removed the towel and ran her tongue over the firm hard nipples. She put the "butterfly" belt around her waist and snapped the clasp in the front. She ran her finger down to Chantell's clit and gave it a light squeeze. She pushed her legs apart, applied the "butterfly" to her clit and attached it to the belt. Chantell was not sure what was happening but she enjoyed the sensation very much. Sierra pressed the remote and the "butterfly" started buzzing against her clit.

"Ohhhhhhh" she gasped. 

She opened her eyes and looked down to see the butterfly and smiled at Sierra.

"You saw me looking at this. Didn't you?" 

"I am starting to pay attention to everything you do Chantell. This is called a "butterfly" and normally the person wearing it controls the speed and tempo. But this evening you are going to wear this and I will control what it does." 

She pressed the button to turn it off and then turned it on again.

"Now I want you to finish getting dressed in that short red mini that we bought you. Don't put a bra or pantyhose on. I also don't want you wearing any panties. Is that understood?"

Without thinking, Chantell said "Yes Ma'am." 'Where did that response come from?'

Chantell did as she was told, or was she asked. She was confused. What in the world had made her say yes ma'am? Maybe because in her heart she wanted to please Sierra, but her mind was reeling from sensations and feelings and desires. The driver came to the door, told them that the car was ready and that she would be waiting downstairs. When Sierra closed the door the driver thought to herself that she was in for an exciting evening just watching these two lust after each other. Little did she know just how much she was going to see! 

Sierra turned the butterfly on again and Chantell started shaking. Sierras left it on just long enough for Chantell to have a mini orgasm.

"You ready darling for a night on the town. I know this great little club we could go to. I think you won't ever find anything like it."

Sierra opened the door to let Chantell out and as she was walking out behind her she lightly swatted her ass. The silky material slid up ever so slightly so that the palm of Sierra's hand met the flesh of Chantell's ass. Chantell jumped and was slightly flushed, but to her credit she didn't say a word.

The driver was downstairs holding the door for them. Sierra got in first very lady like, but while Chantell was getting in Sierra turned on the butterfly and it caused Chantell to skip a step. Her skirt went flying up as she awkwardly fell into the back of the limo. The driver got a full view of Chantell's cheeks and cunt. She was very discreet as she tried to smooth Chantell's skirt down. Chantell was beyond words with embarrassment but there was an underlying sense of excitement. Between the butterfly driving her mad and all the unwanted attention, her pussy was ready to combust.

The driver of the limo quickly went around to the front seat and started the engine.

"Where to Miss?"

"The Club Triangle. Do you know where it is?"

"Yes Miss, we should be there in about thirty minutes depending on traffic."

Sierra and Chantell got comfortable in the back seat. Sierra was making light conversation and asking Chantell simple questions. She was teasing Chantell's nipples and turning that damn butterfly on and off. She was acting as if nothing was wrong or unusual.

Chantell meanwhile was going utterly insane. With all the attention her clit was getting, the lewd glance she got from the limo driver. It was almost too much to bear. And now here Sierra was teasing her nipples and the limo driver was watching in the rear view mirror. Unbeknownst to Chantell, Sierra had planned this. The club was only four blocks from the hotel, but the driver was instructed to drive to the airport and back and to take the long way.

"Where did you grow up," Sierra asked, as a long red fingernail teased her nipples through the dress?

"Minn.… Minnesota."

"Are your parents still alive?"

"N…N… I…I… mean my mom is but my father died when I was very young."

'God I wish we were back at the hotel so I could make love to Sierra,' she thought to herself.

"Do you have any brothers or sisters?"

"Um…Ummmmmmm ah Y… Yessss I have eight brothers. I mean eight sisters. I mean, I have 6 brother and two sisters." She finally spit out.

Sierra unbuttoned the blouse and pulled out a nipple and began teasing it with her tongue. The limo driver almost swerved off the road when she saw that. Sierra glanced at her and silently told her, "look all you want but don't kill us." The driver smiled and nodded.

Chantell was utterly delirious with lust. She wanted Sierra here and now. She moaned and spread her legs farther as the butterfly was turned up another level. Chantell had another orgasm. Her clit was buzzing and vibrating. Her pussy was putting out the most delightful smell. Sierra pulled her nipple out of her mouth and kissed Chantell on the lips. Then she sat back and patted Chantell's knee. When Chantell went to put her tit back into her blouse. Sierra grabbed both hands and held onto them, thus preventing that from happening. 

The driver this time was driving on a very rough road. Chantell's tits were bobbing up and down. The driver got a full view. Sierra pulled Chantell's legs apart and pulled her skirt up to her hips. Exposing her pussy for the world to see.

She whispered into Chantell's ear. 

"See how sexy the driver thinks you are. See how desirable you are. She wants you but can't have you because you are mine. Do you want to be mine?"

"Oh yes, I want that very much."

Chantell probably would have offered to sacrifice herself to the goddess if only Sierra would fuck her. Sierra pulled out a dildo and told Chantell to put it in her pussy.

"Yes ma'am came the reply. Chantell used both hands and put the dildo in her moist cunt. She didn't need any lubrication as it slid in easy. She could hear the squishing noises as she moved the dildo out.

"Faster, whispered Sierra."

"Slower"

"Faster"

"Harder"

"Slower"

"Deeper"

The limo driver had parked the limo, Sierra had told her if it go to be too much to pull over and just watch. Chantell was so far gone she could have been on a roller coaster for all she knew or cared.

"Pull it all the way out. Now all the way back in." 

"Again." 

"Again."

"Faster"

"Harder"

"Deeper"

"Slower"

"Now cum for me! Cum for me now my darling."

Oh Yesssssssss I will cum for you. Yesssssssssssssssssssssss, Oh my god yessssssssssssssssssss."

Sierra closed Chantell's legs and pulled her skirt down. She allowed Chantell to put her tit back into her blouse and signaled the driver to go to the club. Chantell could do nothing but smile.

They arrived at the club and the door person looked like an amazon. She had to be at least six feet tall and two hundred and fifty-pounds. She had very short gray hair and politely greeted Sierra.

"Good evening, MissSierra. Enjoy your evening at the Triangle."

"Thank you, I am sure we will"

Just as there were no men in Serenity Valley, there were no men here either. The bartenders were all in women in tuxedoes and the servers were all in French maid uniforms. There were candles at each table and no other light. It was very dark but had a very unique style, very intimate. There was a dimly lit stage. A pianist was playing classical music. It was lavishly decorated with gold and silver furnishings and the candlelight reflected off the metallic surfaces.

Sierra and Chantell were lead to a quiet corner of the room, but facing out so they could view the entire club. Chantell noticed that the servers were very demure. They did not look anyone in the eye. She thought that was very strange. She would find out why later.

Sierra ordered champagne and strawberries to begin with. They would order their meal later she told the server. The server said her name was Candie and if they should need anything to please send for her. Candie brought the champagne and strawberries but did not set them down in front of Chantell but placed them only where Sierra could reach them. Again, what an odd thing to do.

"Seems like you have a fan. I can't possibly reach those all the way over there."

"Nonsense, she was just showing good manners by not reaching across the table."

Sierra dipped a strawberry into the champagne, and brought it to Chantell's lips, but instead of letting her eat it she teased the skin between her chin and her breast with it. Flicked the tip of the strawberry across her right nipple. Then brought it to her mouth and sucked on it. Chantell just stared. 'God why is this woman teasing me this way. It's maddening to say the least. It is also highly erotic.'

She took the next strawberry and brought it to Chantell's lips. She ran the bright red fruit down Chantell's arm and down her leg to her knee. She pulled her legs apart and ran the berry up and down each pussy lip. Chantell shivered and tried to close her legs to prevent another orgasm from coming, which was next to impossible.

Sierra turned the butterfly once again and inserted the berry into Chantell's steaming pussy and twisted it inside getting it nice and wet. Then she brought the strawberry to her lips and let her eat it. Chantell devoured it.

The stage lights up and an announcer appears. "Ladies, May I introduce you to Roberta and Carrie. They will be tonight's entertainment."
