 It was several hours later before the next guests had arrived. Sheree and Josie had gone to rest up for the evening. Dianna greeted Chantell and Sierra like they were long lost friends. They made Corliss feel welcomed as they showed the two new guests to their room. It was a seven-hour drive and the first thing they wanted to do was take a long hot bath.

"Honey, can I ask you a question?" Asked Corliss. 

"Of course you can."

"How on earth could you resist getting involved with Sierra and Chantell? I have never been around someone who exudes the sexuality that those two do."

"It was difficult to say the least, but I kept thinking about how much I love you."

"Well, maybe you will get your chance this evening."

"Only if you are willing sweetheart."

Dianna and Corliss decided that they wanted to take a long leisurely bath instead of a shower. The bath was huge; it could have easily fit three or four people in it. It had jets to turn it into a whirlpool and with just a few drops of bubble bath; there was a mountain of bubbles waiting to soothe their aching bodies. They stepped into the tub and a long sigh escaped their lips. They lowered themselves in the water and started to relax. The jets were pulsating deeply into their skin. Corliss ran her foot along the inside of Dianna's leg, caressing it. Her big toe found her lovers throbbing clit and she rub her big toe in small circles. Dianna put her head back and moaned. Corliss managed to grab the clit between her toes and tugged on it slightly. One thing that did not take Corliss long to notice about Dianna was that she was remarkably sensitive on almost every area of her body. She seems to have orgasms from the slightest touch. She took her other foot and massaged one of her nipples. Dianna shuddered as a mini orgasm surged though her.

Dianna grabbed Corliss's foot and sucked the big toe into her mouth. Running her tongue all around it. She ran it in between each toe and sucked each one repeatedly. There was a jet that was drumming against her nipple and she was in a very aroused state. She inched her way towards her sexy wife and took her in her arms. She tenderly kissed her face and her neck, drawing the earlobe into her mouth. Her mouth was cool against the fiery skin of her wife. Dianna took her breast and rubbed them all over Corliss's breasts their nipples did a dance against each other. Dianna licked one up and down and all around; she sucked it in between her teeth and nibbled it bringing moans deep from Corliss's throat. 

Corliss took three fingers and entered Dianna's pussy. Dianna pushed her hips against them and bounced up and down slightly trying to get Corliss to go deeper and deeper with her fingers. Dianna reached down with her fingers and found the spot she craved and thrust three fingers there as well. It was only a few moments until they found the release they both desired. They held each other for a few minutes and then finished their bath. They got dressed and went downstairs to see what everyone was up to.

The other four women were sitting in the sunroom talking and chatting. When Dianna and Corliss entered introductions were made all around. Corliss and Dianna felt right at home. Corliss was always in the center of conversation and Dianna was usually quiet and reserved. When Corliss thanked Sierra and Chantell for their kindness in letting Dianna stay that night last weekend, there were looks all around. Sierra and Dianna broke up laughing and Corliss knew what was so funny, but the other three women thought they had stepped into a private joke.

"Chantell I must confess, I saw you and Sierra making love that night that I stayed. I came to get a glass of milk and walked in on you two. I was sitting in the corner chair and I saw everything. It was one of the most erotic things I have ever seen or read. I went back to the guesthouse and had hot phone sex with my wife. We have talked about very little since then," Dianna said.

Chantell was getting flustered, she knew that she saw something similar in New York. She glanced at Sierra and Sierra simply smiled at her as if this was the plan all along. Chantell wasn't quite sure what to say. She wasn't embarrassed; in fact she was quite turned on and became very moist.

"Well I am glad that Sierra and I weren't the only one satisfied that night."

"Seems like everyone gets satisfied when you two are around," said Josie.

The four women shared their experiences of the day and Chantell told everyone about their adventures in New York.

"So this is where everyone is," said a booming voice.

"Alice, I am glad you made it!

"Hi Sierra, nice to see you Chantell. How is the car running?"

"It's running better than ever Alice, thanks so much for fixing it."

It was my pleasure. I want you to meet my girlfriend Martha. Martha this is Chantell and Sierra."

This is Sheree and Josie, they will be staying with us for the weekend."

It seemed as if everyone said "nice to meet you" at the same time and everyone giggled.

Let's go to the dining room and have dinner and get to know each other.

As they were walking to the dining room Sheree whispered in Josie's ear, "I thought this was suppose to be all lesbians this weekend. I could have sworn I felt something between Alice's leg when I hugged her."

Just as she finished her sentence, Alice turned around and smiled. Sheree's and Josie's eyes went to the crotch and they could distinctly see the outline of what appeared to be a cock. They looked at each other and winked.

Dinner was fantastic. The women laughed and touched on just about every subject. Legs were running up and down different women and different times. No one said a word, and with the wine that they were drinking, it was making everyone very relaxed. After dinner they retired to the den. Each couple found comfortable spots on various couches and snuggled against their respective partners.

Sheree asked Sierra what she did for a living and was pleased to discover she wrote Lesbian Erotica.

"That sounds like it is a lot of fun. Do you write about fantasies or is it based on real life."

"I do a little of both, I use people I know as characters in my books, and I can write just about any subject."

"Do you have any specialty fields that you write about."

"I write a lot of BDSM, but mostly romantic love stories."

"BDSM? Isn't that about slaves and submissives? I heard that most of the women who participate in BDSM are abused." 

"Not at all, it can be very sensual, and very erotic. I must admit that I have trained a few female submissives and found it very educating and very satisfying in many aspects. There are many different degrees to training."

"You have trained submissives! Where do you train them at, here or a club somewhere?

"I have trained them here in my home."

"Would you like to see a video of a training session?"

There were nods all around the room and Sierra got up to put the video in and dimmed the lights.

Each couple seemed to snuggle up closer to their lovers.

Sheree looked over and saw that Martha was rubbing Alice's crotch much the same way that she had done to her husband many times before. 

All eyes were glued to the screen as the video started. It showed a young woman naked and on her knees with her hands behind her back and her head lowered. Sierra was standing behind her wearing a skin tight, red leather outfit that left nothing to the imagination. Her boots were also red and went all the way up her legs past her knees. The outfit has a slit in front that went from her neck all the way to her navel, revealing most of her breasts.

In her hand was a riding crop made of steel, and she was caressing a young woman's breast. Every few minutes she would lightly tap the riding crop against her nipples causing the young woman to moan and flinch. She ran the crop down her stomach and caressed her clit with it and when the young woman yelped, Sierra back away from the girl.

"Did I give you permission to make a sound?"

The young woman just shook her head no. She did not speak. She knew that if she spoke her Mistress would be very upset.

Sierra walked in front of the girl and attached a collar to her neck. She attached a leash to the collar and ordered the young girl to stand. Sierra then attached nipple clamps to each nipple and they were connected to a small chain. That chain had another piece of chain running from it and Sierra attached a nipple ring to her clit and attached the chain to it. Now she could touch one chain and the three spots would feel it instantly. She pulled gently on the chain and the young girl, bit her lip to keep from crying out.

"Sierra doesn't that hurt?" Josie asked.

"No it doesn't hurt much going on. However, the longer it is left on, maybe ten minutes, the more it hurts coming off."

The eight women kept watching the video, hands were roaming over bodies and mouths were licking and sucking tongues and nipples. Alice and Martha were the first to move to the floor.

When Alice and Martha moved to the floor, everyone's attention focused on them. The television was loud enough to still here the moans from the young girl in the video. Martha stood over Alice as she was lying on the floor. She had both feet planted on either side of Alice's head and slowly moving her hips. Her eyes were closed and her head was back as she was swaying. 

She slowly unbuttoned her blouse and slid it sensually off her shoulders, revealing a red lacy bra. It pushed her breasts together causing them to spill over the top of the sexy material. She reached behind her back and undid the hooks. She tossed the bra to Sheree and grinned. She turned around to face Sierra and Chantell and pinched her nipples. She asked Sierra if she had the same setup that she had used on the girl. Sierra got up and went to the cabinet and pulled out the requested items. She signaled for Chantell to come with her.

Both women lowered their heads and sucked a nipple into their mouth. Martha put her hands on the back of Sierra and Chantell's head while they sucked and licked the nipple. Chantell reached down and slid Martha's shorts down her slim long legs. She took her clit in her mouth and greedily sucked it. Sierra had attached the two nipple clips and the small chain. Chantell reached up and attached another clip that she was going to place on her clit. Martha gasped as the cold metal grabbed her clit and the chain was in place. Sierra tugged on one and Chantell tugged on the other. They went back to their seats to enjoy the show.

Sheree meanwhile had gotten up to see what other goodies Sierra had in the cabinet and found a wondrous assortment of clips, dildo's, riding crops, chains, handcuffs, gags, leather straps and many other items of delight. On her way back to Josie, Sierra pulled her aside and whispered in her ear.

"If you go through the door in the kitchen and go down the steps you will see another room. Take Chantell and Josie down there and the rest of us will join you in a few moments."

Sheree went back to Josie and took her hand, then got Chantell and the three of them disappeared.

Dianna and Corliss were so involved that they did not notice the threesome leave the room. Corliss was kissing Dianna long and hard when she felt a hand on her breast. She didn't think anything about it until she felt two hands running fingers through her hair. She thought for just a split second "three hands?" and broke apart the kiss to see Sierra massaging her tits. Dianna gave Corliss a look that seemed to say "are you sure you are comfortable with this". Corliss did not respond, instead she reached up and placed her hand on the back of Sierra's head and pulled her down for a kiss. Dianna leaned back to watch her wife. Sierra stood Corliss up on her feet and kissed her cheeks and her neck. She slowly and purposely took off each article of clothing. When skin would appear she would kiss each spot, sending sparks to every nerve ending. 

Dianna stood up and removed her clothing and got behind her wife so the Corliss was standing between the two women. She was getting a body massage with tongues, hands and fingers. She could feel Dianna's nipples tease her back. Her moist pussy was brushing against her ass. Sierra was teasing her nipples with her tongue and a long fingernail was scraping against her clit every few moments. 

Martha and Alice were watching the seduction of Corliss and growing wet at the sight of three erotic women enjoying themselves. Alice had been involved in many orgies, and they were usually raw and animalistic in nature. This was like watching a love story being played out before their eyes. It was exceedingly erotic and filled with deep emotions. Corliss turned herself around so that she was now facing her wife. She knew how aroused Dianna got even thinking about sex, so she was not surprised to find her nipples hard and firm. Dianna's nipples were one of THE sensitive parts on Dianna's body. Corliss could suck on them so that Dianna would cum. She didn't have to do anything else to cause an orgasm but of course she always did much more. She pushed Dianna's large breasts together and took both nipples between her lips at the same time and sucked them into her burning mouth. It was only a few minutes of this attention before Dianna had a mild yet satisfying orgasm. 

Sierra meanwhile focused her attention on Corliss's ass, kissing the delicate skin, caressing it with her lips and tongue. She ran her fingernails across the pure white flesh causing interlocking lines of red across her cheeks. Dianna had intended to step behind Sierra and give her some attention when she saw Alice sitting by herself and watching the action. 

Dianna walked over to Alice and pulled her to her feet. Her nipples were rubbing across the rough material of Alice's shirt. Alice was very manly in her appearance and if you saw her walking down the street you would have thought she was a man. It wasn't until she spoke that you could hear her feminine side. Her hair was very short almost military. She had a very stocky build. Dianna was rubbing against Alice when she felt the bulge between Alice's legs. Dianna looked at Alice for an explanation, but did not let go.

Alice whispered, " I always thought I was born the wrong sex, I wanted to go have a sex change operation, but I also love that fact that I am a lesbian. I have a strap-on that I wear almost all the time. My girlfriend loves it and it saves time when we are having sex."

Without another word, Dianna turned around and started rubbing her ass against Alice's "bulge". Alice ran her rough sandpaper like hands all over her cheeks. She pulled Dianna's ass cheeks apart and stuck a singer in her ass. She reached under her with her other hand and began to finger fuck her moist pussy. Dianna was pushing her hips deeper into Alice's crotch. Alice unzipped her pants and freed the dildo. She grabbed Dianna's hips and thrust the dildo into her pussy as far as it would go. Dianna let out a long, slow moan. 

Corliss turned around to look at her lover and saw that she was being ridden hard and fast by Alice. Unable to resist her sexy wife when she was naked, she started towards her and lay down underneath her. The erotic scent coming from Corliss's pussy was enough to drive Dianna nearly out of her head. Her tongue sought to drink that sweet elixir she was addicted to. Her head dove to her wife's cunt. Taking her clit in her mouth she scraped her top teeth against the nub, causing Corliss to arch her hips off the floor. Dianna then stuck her tongue in her pussy while Alice was taking her from behind.

Alice grabbed Dianna's hips as she pulled the dildo all the way out only to ram it right back in. The rough material of her jeans was burning her ass as it ground against her fleshy cheeks. Her tongue was ramming in and out of her wife's pussy, fucking her faster and faster. Alice drove each thrust into Dianna's pussy practically knocking her off balance. Dianna was so close to orgasm and was concentrating so hard that she forgot all about her wife and held on while she was being fucked.

Corliss scooted out from under Dianna and spread her legs for Sierra. Dianna was going to watch her wife get fucked and it excited her so much just at the thought of it that she had another orgasm. Alice pulled out of Dianna and waited for her to lie down next to her wife.

It seemed as if Sierra and Alice had this planned because they had the exact same dildos on. The two women were going to stand side by side and fuck another woman. They kissed each other deeply and sucked each other's nipples and the two women on the floor were writhing in anticipation. They lifted their respective partner's legs, the feet were placed on the shoulders. They entered at the same time. 

Alice and Sierra were playing a game they had played many times before. The game was to see who could fuck better. When one would drive deep into a cunt the other would drive deeper. One goes fast, the other goes faster. They both would match each other stroke for stroke, mirroring each other's moves. Dianna and Corliss were in lust. They had no idea of what game that Alice and Sierra were playing and quite frankly they didn't care. When Alice reached down to stroke a clit, Sierra would pinch a nipple. Deeper and deeper they wet. Faster and faster the dildos drove into the hot cunts. Dianna and Corliss were getting carpet burns on their backs and ass. The burning seemed to add to the lust that was building slowly.

Dianna and Corliss tried desperately to grab breasts and kiss and run fingers all over, but they were being fucked so fast. They just closed their eyes and enjoyed the fucking. The excitement of all these naked women and seeing her wife get fucked was driving Dianna absolutely crazy with lust. She took one last look at her wife and exploded in a mind-altering orgasm. Hearing Dianna's long moans was all it took for Corliss to have the same shattering orgasm as her wife. 

Sierra and Alice pulled out and removed the dildos wrapped around their waist, and climbed aboard each other's body. Cunt to mouth, nipple to nipple, their tongues lashed at each other's wet cunt, sucking clits, biting pussy lips. They rammed their tongues in and out of each pussy and fingers were probing assholes. They were feasting on each other as if they were starving. They couldn't and wouldn't get enough of each other's fiery cunt. It was just a matter of moments before they brought each other off. All four women laid panting for breath on the floor each lost in her own thoughts about the evenings events.