 Hi Everyone, 

Thank you all for your kind words of encouragement and support, I honestly feel so humbled that I've received nothing but positive comments and feedback on my stories thus far. I appreciate that it's been a long wait for this next story and I thank you all for your patience. 

I give you fair warning that what follows is by no means a 'quick fix' story. It's more than double the length of my previous works and the sex is limited to say the least. 

However, I promise it's not all doom and gloom! 

Hoping you enjoy, 

All the best 

Sessions 

Chapter One: 

Eight Sessions Down: 

Session: 

"Take another one Cora." 

I look up through a curtain of chocolate brown hair to see my counsellor, Jayne, holding out a sympathetic box of tissues. 

"Thanks." I sniff, pulling one out of the box and tucking my hair behind my ears "I'm sorry, I don't mean to get like this every time I come here, but it's like, I'm fine...then I walk through that door and the floodgates just open." 

"There's nothing to be sorry about Cora." She smiles "And you're getting through less tissues in each session so we must be making some progress." 

I laugh a little, wiping the tears from my cheeks. 

"I want you to think of these sessions as a safe, judgement free place where you can just let go and let out what clearly needs to come out. Eight sessions is enough for it to be clear you spend too much of your time supressing emotions and hiding from the world, it's good to let it out." 

"It doesn't feel that good." I mumble. 

"Give it time," she smiles again, "I promise you'll feel better soon." 

"I'll hold you to that." I grin. 

"I take that to mean I can safely assume you'll be here next week?" She asks, making a note at the top of her page. 

My grin slips a little at the prospect of yet more talking about myself, but I assure her that I'll be here again next week, same time, same place...and I'll bring my own box of tissues. 

We work through our deep breathing exercise, signalling the end of the hour is in sight and I use the silence to reflect. She is right that I've cried less and less in each session, but I'm not actually all that sure we've made any real progress. It's been two months for Christ's sake. Surely I shouldn't still be crying for more or less the whole hour after two fucking months?! 

What frustrates me the most about these sessions is that we...or I, as the case may be...can't seem to pinpoint exactly how I got to feeling this way in the first place. I work full time and am doing well in my part time degree, I can afford to pay my rent comfortably, although we are getting a new housemate to ease some of the financial pressure. I live with my best friend Tommy and his girlfriend Natalie, who I absolutely adore. I feel so guilty that I want for nothing and yet here I am stuck in this downward spiral of despair and misery, while those a lot less fortunate than me just get on with things. 

This train of thought carries me through the last few minutes, then out of the practise and into my car. I sigh deeply as I pull my seat belt around me and click it into place, taking note of my tear stained cheeks, sore, wet, dull green eyes and cracked lips in the rear-view mirror. At least I don't have anyone to look pretty for back home. 

I suppose I have no choice but to believe Jayne really is telling the truth and one day I'll feel normal and happy again... 

... 

"Cora...Cora...Cora! Are you even listening to me?" 

I slowly pull my gaze away from the window and turn to face Tommy. 

"Sorry Tommy," I sigh, "what were you saying?" 

"I was asking you if you wanted to go to Leo's party on Friday night, since your last exam is that afternoon?" 

"Erm..." I hesitate, I had planned on going straight to bed once my final exam was done with, the last thing I wanted to do was go to a party with Tommy's rugby mates. Not that I didn't like them, they were just a bit much when all you needed was sleep, several well-earned glasses of wine and a few bars of chocolate in front of the tv. 

"You know Jayne would tell you it'd be good for you." He says with a boyish smile. 

"Hmmmm..." I muse. 

I know he's right, Jayne would tell me it'd be good for me. The theme of our sessions (despite me ending up an emotional wreck each time) seemed to be shifting towards me trying to get out more and be sociable. 

"Is Natalie going?" 

"She's not coming back until Sunday remember?" 

"Oh yeah..." I reply quietly. 

"Come on Cora for fuck's sake! You're always saying you need to get out more...I heard Leah will be there." He grins and winks theatrically at me. 

"Ok. First of all, you and I both know that it's you and Jayne who think I need to get out more, not me. Secondly, all I want to do is sleep, not go out and get shitfaced with Leo and co. and thirdly, the last thing that would make me want to go to this party is Leah fucking Dawson!" 

"That's not what you said last time when she stuck her tongue down your throat." His grin widens. 

"That's because I couldn't speak!" I throw my pen at him. 

"Whatever helps you sleep at night," he laughs, running his fingers through his dark curly hair, "I know she got your panties wet." 

"That's fucking disgusting Tommy..." I grimace "and I'd appreciate you keeping your thoughts out of my underwear thanks." 

"Alright, alright, keep your hair on. I just thought you could use some fun after all the sensible shit you've done this year. It can't be any fun working full time and studying for a degree. Think about it at least?" 

"Fine! I'll see how I feel on Friday once I'm done." 

His face lights up happily as he bounds out the door like a kid at Christmas. 

I sigh loudly as the door closes behind him, I wish he'd stop trying to force Leah on me, I know he's only trying to help and he's been so supportive of me recently with the counselling and everything, but Leah is definitely the last thing I want right now. 

Don't get me wrong, in the conventional sense of the word she's absolutely stunning. Roughly six feet tall, long dark hair, bright green eyes and a figure she clearly works hard on, but there's just something about her I don't like, I can't even explain what it is, she just puts me about somehow. 

I sigh again as I return to my notes, thank Christ next year I'll be done with studying. A quick glance at the clock tells me I've been back from my session for roughly three hours...and I've been reading the same page for the last hour and a half...I think maybe I need a break... 

"Oh! By the way," Tommy sticks his head round the door again, "I think I've found a solution to our roommate problem." 

"If it's asking Leah to move in then you seriously need to re-evaluate that thought." I retort quickly. 

"Jesus, don't worry so much," he laughs, "I wouldn't dare do that." 

My eyes narrow and I raise another pen threateningly. 

"No," he says hastily, "it's my friend Madison, from Uni. I think you've met her before? Blonde, about an inch taller than you...ex-Army? Anyway..." he continues at the blank look on my face "she just broke up with her boyfriend and needs a place to stay. I told her about our spare room and she's really keen. She's coming for a look round on Saturday." 

"Have you mentioned this to Natalie?" I ask, knowing all too well that Tommy had a habit of making these decisions without mentioning it to anyone else. 

"Course I have!" I raise an eyebrow at him "She knows Cora, I swear." 

"In that case I'll put on a chicken." I reply. 

"Awesome," he smiles as he leaves once more, "she'll be here at 11." 

I throw my pen onto the desk and lean back in my chair, cupping my hands around the back of my head. I glance at the appointment card propped up against my desk tidy and sigh yet again. Jayne would definitely be telling me I needed to go to this party on Friday night...and who knows...maybe I'll actually enjoy it once I get there... 

Chapter Two: 

The Party and the Aftermath: 

"Are you ready yet Cora?" Tommy thumps on the door. 

"Almost." I shout back. 

I hadn't been home from my exam for two minutes before Tommy had started shouting at me to get ready to go to the party. I could sort of see where he was coming from, allowing me to get settled in the house would mean he had next to no chance of getting me out of it again, but I didn't really appreciate being chauffeured from room to room and being told to get ready. It was like being in the military! 

Tommy also seemed particularly concerned that I get dressed up, pulling clothes out of my wardrobe and making suggestions that I put some make-up on, which was unusual, as normally he wouldn't have cared if I'd gone in a onesie and slippers! 

As it was, I ended up wearing a button up blouse where Tommy insisted I undo several buttons in order to show off my generous c-cup breasts, and the only the only pair of jeans I owned that made my ass look nice. 

I knew he was up to something, but I was so preoccupied with being shoved out of the house again at light speed I didn't have chance to ask about it. 

... 

"Hey guys!" Leo greets us enthusiastically at the door "Thanks for bringing this stuff." 

"No problem pal." Tommy grins, slapping him on the back. 

"Hi Cora," he kisses me on the cheek, "you look great!" 

"Um, thanks Leo," I grin nervously and button my shirt up a little more, "where do you want this stuff?" 

"In the kitchen would be awesome, cheers." 

I wander through to the kitchen and deposit my bags on the table, already wishing that Natalie was here to keep me company. 

"You came!" A female voice suddenly yells from behind me, making me jump and almost drop the bottles I'm holding. 

I spin around just in time to register that disappointingly its Leah and not Natalie, before she wraps her arms around me and kisses me full on the mouth. 

"You look gorgeous!" Tommy's concern over what I was wearing becomes painfully apparent as she pulls away and looks me up and down, her eyes lingering on my chest "Let me help you with those." 

She takes the bottles out of my hands and drags two shot glasses out of the cupboard, pouring vodka into each one. 

"Drink!" She holds one out for me and I begrudgingly take it. 

"Awesome! We're starting the shots early!" Tommy shouts, barging through the door "Get another two going Leah." 

She obliges and soon the four of us are on our fourth one. I don't really want another after that, but as people start arriving I decide 'what the hell?' and knock it back. I'm in for a hell of a long night anyway, may as well at least try to relax. 

... 

Midnight rolls round and Leah is still clinging on to me as though I might evaporate, the large amount of alcohol I've consumed does nothing to make this less irritating. Her arm feels like it's been surgically attached to my waist...although now she's stopped forcing her tongue down my throat the kissing has improved...either that or I'm getting too drunk to notice how bad it is... 

"You wanna take this back to your place?" She asks, using her tongue to trace around my ear. 

I pause before answering. 

On the one hand, I haven't had sex in forever and I know that Leah is definitely interested, regardless of the amount of alcohol in her system...but on the other, I can't shake the feeling that I'll seriously regret this in the morning...and I'm a firm believer in trusting your gut. 

"Um, maybe...just give me one sec..." I manage to excuse myself under the pretence of going to the bathroom and began a frantic search for Tommy. 

"Tommy!" I shout as I spot him playing some sort of drinking game in the kitchen. 

"Cora!" He yells drunkenly back at me "How's things?" 

"I'm having a moral dilemma...that I think you might be too drunk to help me solve." 

"You're welcome my friend." He babbles. 

I let out an exasperated sigh "I think I'm gonna head home, I'll see you in the morning." 

"Make sure you take Leah with you." He winks before pulling me into a hug "She's well fit!" 

"I don't think I can Tommy, it's been so long and I just don't fanc-" 

"Cora listen!" He slurs "Leah is hot, you're just nervous because it's been a whole long time since you've seen another naked woman, or woman naked, whatever. Take Leah home and get back in the saddle! You know she likes you." 

He pushes me somewhat roughly away and resumes his game. 

Perhaps he's right and I'm just nervous? I gave up dating because I didn't feel emotionally stable enough to deal with it but I have been better lately...and it isn't like I'm jumping into a relationship, just sex... 

I locate my jacket and head back to the where I last saw Leah, only to find her stood at the front door waiting for me. 

"Leaving without me?" She pouts. 

"Of course not," I answer with a small smile "I was just coming to find you. Shall we?" 

We climb into a taxi and Leah sits right next to me, her lips on my neck and her hand on the top of my thigh. I rest my hand on her knee slowly edge it further up her leg. My heart isn't really in it, but I tell myself that maybe I'll get into it if I keep trying. 

... 

Half an hour later we're in my bed, our clothes strewn across the floor and our hands all over each other. Despite Leah's best efforts in the taxi I'm still not really feeling into this, my insides are fluttering with nerves and anxiety, there's no excitement. 

As soon as I'm able too I roll Leah onto her back and am thankful she allows me to take control of the situation. I slip my hand between her thighs and push two fingers straight into her, perhaps a little roughly but her loud moans indicate that she likes it. Normally I'd take my time with this but right now all I want to do is sleep. I curl my fingers upwards searching for that magic spot and thankfully find it quickly. Leah's fingernails dig painfully into my back as I pump my fingers in and out of her. 

"Oh, fuck yes!" She shouts loudly "I knew you'd be a good fuck Cora!" 

I slide my fingers in and out faster, using my thumb to rub her clit as I take her nipple between my teeth and bite down gently. 

"Harder Cora!" She shouts again "That feels so good...fuck me...ah...fuck me harder..." 

I add a third finger and press into her as hard as I can, I feel her fingernails pierce the skin on my back and groan in pain, this seems to turn Leah on more as her legs wrap around my ass and her body starts to shake. 

It only takes a few more seconds for her to cum. 

Slowly I pull out of her and lay down on my back beside her, she doesn't try to speak, just lays there with a triumphant grin on her face. I watch her chest rise and fall, her breathing deepening with each breath. 

... 

Three minutes pass and she's out for the count. 

Exhausted, I roll onto my side and pull the duvet around me, Leah doesn't stir at the movement and instead starts to snore heavily. 

I sigh deeply...my long night doesn't look like it's going to end anytime soon. 

... 

I wake up late the following morning. I finally managed to drift off at around three am and its now almost midday, much later than I'd normally sleep in at the weekend. I turn over and am disappointed to find that Leah is still here...and still snoring...rolling over fully I note small spots of blood on my sheet from where Leah's fingernails pierced my skin...great, getting that out is going to take some doing... 

It takes a few more minutes before I remember I'm meant to be meeting Madison today...shit! 

... 

"She lives!" Tommy shouts as I enter the front room. 

"Very funny." I grumble, running my fingers through my hair and taking in the long, plaited blonde hair of the woman I'm supposed to be trying to encourage to take our spare room. 

"Anyway," he continues, "Mads, this is Cora, Cora this is Madison. Although I guess if you remember each other introductions are pointless..." 

The woman turns around and I feel my breath catch in my throat, she's absolutely stunning! I can't believe I don't remember her! Her plaited hair hangs casually over her shoulder framing her face and a sweeping fringe covers her brilliant hazel eyes. One glance over the rest of her body is enough to see that she clearly works out, she's muscular without being overly built...definitely my type... 

"Hi," she extends her hand and smiles, revealing perfectly straight, white teeth, "nice to see you again Cora. I like the new hairstyle." 

I take her hand and instantly note her manicured nails and how soft her skin is. 

"H- hi," I cough, wondering how on earth she remembers what my hair looked like last time we met, "nice to see you again too." It's not entirely a lie, it is nice to see her despite not remembering that we've already met "Sorry I'm not so awake this morning, someone," I look pointedly across at Tommy, "decided that going to a party the night before we met you was a great idea." 

"No worries," she smiles again...god that smile is amazing... "did you have a good night?" 

"One of us did." Tommy winks at me. 

"It was ok." I scowl at him. 

To further compound my embarrassment, Leah chooses this moment to come into the room wearing an old shirt of mine and not very much else. 

"Morning beautiful." She slides her hands around my hips and kisses my cheek "I had an amazing time last night, we should definitely do this again sometime." 

I can feel my face burning as she leaves the room. 

"Sounds like it was more than just ok." Madison grins. 

"Yeah..." I look sheepishly at the floor and will my face to return to its normal colour. 

"So," Tommy claps his hands together and stands from his chair, "shall we give you a tour round?" 

"That'd be great." 

... 

An hour later we've somehow managed to convince Madison to take the spare room and arranged to help her move her things in the following morning. Leah left soon after the scene in the living room but not before embarrassing me again by sticking her tongue down my throat as a way of saying goodbye. Tommy, of course, found this hilarious, but Madison took it in her stride and barely batted an eye. At least one of them could tell I was mortified! 

Chapter Three: 

Madison Moves in: 

Madison arrived bright eyed and bushy tailed the next morning ready to move in. Thankfully I made a better second impression and was up, dressed and eating breakfast as she pulled onto the drive. I dumped my bowl and spoon in the kitchen sink and went out to meet her. 

"Hey Cora." She smiles, walking round to the back of her car "Feeling better this morning?" 

"Er, yes, thanks." I reply. 

"You sure about that?" She laughs "You don't sound very convinced." 

"It's still early." I mumble, wandering down the steps as she lifts the boot lid "This is all you've got?" I ask as I take in the sparse number of boxes in the boot of her car. 

"I travel light." She smiles, lifting what looks like the heaviest box with ease and turning away from the car. 

"I'll say." I return her smile and grab another, thankfully much lighter box to take into the house. 

"Thanks for helping with this Cora, I hope I'm not taking up too much of your time. Tommy said you were studying for a degree?" The muscles in her forearms flex a little as she adjusts the box to a more comfortable position. 

"Oh, I am," I reply, tearing my gaze away, "but I had my last exam of the year on Friday, just another twelve months to go and then it's all over." 

"What's the degree in?" She asks as we head up the stairs to her room. 

"Psychology," I grin, "the human brain fascinates me." 
