 My high school girl friend and I decided to ditch 7th period and go shopping. We headed over to the mall and ended up in a lingerie store. We both looked over the selection wishing we could have some of the wonderful silky skimpy underwear they had. I was getting very excited. I love the feel of silk on my skin and I love how sexy it makes me feel to have lacy panties and bras.

The older sales woman came up to us. She looked us up and down – since we still had our school uniforms on I’m sure she realized we were still in high school. “You girls looking for something in particular. Maybe something for your boyfriends?” We smiled and said we were just looking and that it really wasn’t for our boyfriends anyway.

“Is your mom here?” she asked looking around the store.

“Nope, just out of school and on our way home,” I said getting a little nervous.

“You’re looking in the wrong section honey. The bras that you need are back over here. You’re a 36 C right?” 

“I usually get 34 C,” I replied as a followed her to the other side of the store. Amanda stayed where she was looking over the teddies. 

“Well my dear, looks like you are wearing the wrong bra. You are, I’m sure, a 36. How about we measure.” She stopped and pulled a tape from her back pocket. “Turn around dear and I’ll see.” I did as she said – not thinking anything of it. Then the next thing I knew she was lifting my shirt above my head. Oh my god, I thought. What is this chick doing? I spun around facing her with my hands wrapped around me.

“Don’t be shy, girlie, I’ve seen many women. Now let’s get that terrible bra off you.” She reached around me before I could move and unhooked my bra. She tore my hands away from my breasts and spun me around again. Instantly my nipples were fully erect and aching. She reached around me with the tape and laid it across my nipples. Gently she raped it around me. “Yup, 36 C, my dear. Just as I thought.” She let the tape go and took me by the hand to the wall rack straight in front of us. 

“Let’s see,” she said as she reached out her hands and cupped my breasts. She began to lift them and push them together. She felt the weight of them and slide her hands to the underside of my breasts and cupped them. She started to explain the different types of bra that I should be wearing – but I wasn’t listening to anything she was saying. I couldn’t believe that she was feeling me up. Although it seemed that she was just doing her job – I was getting completely horny. My breasts are so sensitive that just having the cold wind on them was making me wet. I was getting wetter by the second. Just then I was snapped into reality.

“Nancy?”

Suddenly, I was back in this world again and realized that Amanda had wondered back to where we were. The sales lady removed her hands and grabbed a near by bra. “This should work,” she said handing me a bra. I was still stunned but even more shocked when she looked at Amanda and said – “come here, it’s your turn for a fitting.” She reached out and took Amanda by the wrist and let her next to me. “Remove your top,” she barked. “You can’t get the right bra if you’ve never been properly measured before.”

Amanda looked as stunned as I was – but removed her blouse without a word. The sales lady then reached behind her and undid her claps. Her bra slid off her shoulders and hit the floor. We both just stood there – facing each other – with out breasts fully exposed. Her breasts were wonderful. Small but completely sexy. Her nipples where huge and her areola’s small and kind of pale pink. The lady rapped the tape around her and then said she was a 34 B. The sales lady moved closer behind Amanda and cupped her breasts from behind. I watched in amazement as the lady completely worked my friend’s breasts. The whole time she felt Amanda up she was talking about the types of bras she should be wearing – but I’m sure Amanda didn’t even hear. Her eyes were closed and she was thrusting her chest out. I could even hear her moaning a little.

The sales lady removed her hands from Amanda and grabbed a near by bra. “You too should try them on.” And she took us to a dressing room. She put both of us in the same stall and said she’d be back in just one minute to check on us.

“Oh my God,” Amanda said dropping the bra and grabbing both of her breasts. “That lady almost made me cum!” I watched with my mouth open as Amanda continued to play with her breasts and pull at her nipples. “God, I’m so horny! The feeling of someone strange touching me. I wish she wouldn’t have stopped.” 

I couldn’t believe my eyes or ears. My best friend is standing in front of me feeling herself up and talking about have some woman getting her off. “Did she do that to you,” Amanda asked.

“Yeah.”

“Did you get horny too?”

“I guess so.”

“I can’t stop playing with myself. I’m just so turned on.” Then she sat down on the bench and slid one hand into her panties. She leaned her head back and began finger fucking herself while still playing with one of her breasts. I could feel my panties getting soaked. This was the strangest thing I’d ever seen and the horniest I’d ever been in my life. Just then I heard the sales lady come back and open the door.

“How are you girls doing?” She looked at me first but quickly focused her attention on Amanda who hadn’t skipped a beat. She was starting to moan louder and move her hand faster and faster. I watched as the sales lady waked over to her, dropped to her knees and bent her head over her 34 B breast and took the whole thing into her mouth. Amanda cried out and grabbed her head – pushing it tight to her chest. “Suck my tits!” Amanda screamed.

I slowly pulled down my panties, opened my legs and started fucking myself as I watched the show. The sales lady moved her way down to Amanda’s panties. She grabbed them and forced them down and off her body. She looked back at me and winked – “join us.” Then she lowered her head into Amanda’s lap. Again she cried out. “Oh my God! Yeah! Lick my pussy!”

I walked closer to Amanda. I couldn’t believe what had come over me. My mouth was watering to suck her tits. I watched them bounce up and down as Amanda was squirming so much. Her chest was heaving and her breathing was quickening. I reached out with my hand and brushed up against her nipple. “Nancy – suck them please! I’m ready to cum! Oh please suck them! I need you to suck them! Please!” I lowered my head to within inches of her left breast. My head was spinning as I let my tongue out of my mouth. As it brushed her nipple she moaned load. My tongue began to explore her breast. I was actually licking my best friend’s tits. She reached under my shirt and slid her finger deep inside me. I rapped my hands around her breasts and frantically started sucking, pulling and biting them. She quickened her pace and was sliding her finger in and out of me at an unbelievable rate.

“I’m cum!” Amanda screamed. Her body stiffened and started jerking. She pulled her hand from my pussy and grabbed the back of the sales ladies head and grinded it into her. She bucked up and down, side to side – rubbing her pussy all over her head.

Slowly Amanda slowed down and went limp. The sales lady removed her head from Amanda’s crotch and looked up at me. She smiled as she crawled over to me. She continued to look up at me as she lifted my skirt. “Do you want to cum too?” She asked. All I could do was nod. As she moved her head forward my heart felt like it was going to pump out of my chest. My head was pounding and my feet were numb. I was dieing for her to lick me. And then I felt her tongue on my pussy. 

“Shit!” I cried out. “Fuck yeah! Eat my pussy!” I pulled up my skirt so I could see her. She grabbed my ass with both hands and pulled me tighter. Her tongue slid between my lips and went right to my hole. She stuck her tongue into my wet box then licked the entire length right to my swollen clit. That was all it took. I was close to cumming when I felt Amanda lips on my big breasts. “Oh Amanda – that feels so good! I’m going to cum!” Both girls sucked and licked harder and faster – knowing that I was about to cum. Then it happened – the largest most satisfying orgasm that I’d ever had.

When I came to I saw the sales lady sitting in the chair – her dress up around her waist and her pussy fully exposed begging us to lick her pussy. “I’ll give you the bras – just please get me off! I desperately need to cum.”

Now every time I wear the bra I’m reminded of just how wonderful it is to lick pussy!