 Chapter 2 

Breakfast in Bed and Other Interludes 

Author's note: This story won't make much sense unless you've read the preceding chapter. I urge you to start from the beginning if you haven't already.

I was startled awake by a loud clap of thunder. I looked around the room, disoriented, trying to make sense of my surroundings. It was well after sunrise, but the storm clouds left the room in a murky twilight. I'm terrified of thunderstorms, so my heart was pounding high in my throat. Karen sat bolt upright and muttered, "Shit!" She flung the covers back and jumped out of bed, further disorienting me. I burrowed deeper under the blankets and watched her rush naked to slam the windows shut. It was only then that my mind began to come to an even keel. She climbed back in bed, and I grabbed onto her. She slipped her arm around me and pulled me close. "What's the matter?" she asked. "The storm?"

"Yes," I whimpered, nuzzling my face into the warm crook of her neck. "I don't like them." Another rumble of thunder echoed and rolled overhead, and I stiffened.

I half expected Karen to tease me. Instead, she slid her hand up my back and made a purring sound in her throat. She combed her fingers through my hair and murmured, "Ssshhh, it's OK baby, I'm here, you're safe with me. That's my pretty little kitten, you're OK."

Her voice was low and soothing, and I began to relax. She kissed my forehead and stroked my cheek, and then kissed me very tenderly on my lips. I shifted, trying to get even closer to her. I couldn't remember the last time anyone had spoken to me or held and caressed me with such genuine...love. Love? I thought as I started to doze off. 

Just as my thoughts started to grow fuzzy and disconnected, a bolt of lightning struck so close I could hear it sizzle in the instant before its thunder exploded like a bomb and shook the house. I cried out and welded myself into Karen's arms. "Did that hit the house?" I trembled.

"No baby, it didn't," Karen soothed, rocking me in her arms. 

The thunder echoed and boomed across the sky, and behind it, the rain became a torrent, sounding like an enormous dump truck spilling a load of gravel on the roof. Sleep was out of the question after that wake-up call. Karen didn't seem the tiniest bit bothered by the way the skies attacked the neighborhood. "Aren't you afraid of storms?" I asked in a small, nervous voice.

She smiled and brushed a strand of my hair back behind my ear. "No, I actually like them."

"Eeyyeeww, not me," I shuddered.

"It won't last long, it's already moving over the ocean. I know how to take your mind off it, though," she said, tracing the tips of nails down then up my back. My shudder this time had nothing to do with fear of the storm. My whole body prickled into goose bumps, and a warm, tense, pleasurable knot began to swell in my pelvis. She continued giving me tender, loving kisses on my lips and my face, and I began to relax. Karen slid her hand down my flanks and over the curve of my hips, and then she scraped her nails over my lower tummy to my mound, sending little electric thrills though me. I sighed and shifted to give her space to move. "Just a little something to get your mind off the storm," she cooed. "Later, we can have breakfast in bed." She drew my mouth to hers, easing her tongue in as she slid her fingers over my cunt.

Karen kept her lips on mine, her tongue lazily probing my mouth, as I rolled onto my back. I sprawled my legs open and lifted my hips to her hand. She stroked my labia without penetrating me, circling the tips of her fingers over me in a tender caress. I ran my hands through her hair while we kissed, savoring the feel of her tongue dancing slowly with mine. She rode the pad of her middle finger up and down the sleeve of my cunt, still not penetrating, sending shivers of delight over me. I moaned contentedly, letting her know how wonderful it felt.

She pulled her lips away and smiled down at me, her eyes flicking over my face and taking in my responses. She circled her finger over the base of my cunt opening me, nudging the tip of her finger between my labia. I gasped at the sudden burst of pleasure, and she smiled with satisfaction. She didn't probe deep, just enough to wet her finger. She slid her finger up the channel between my inner lips, dragging a trail of nectar with her. "You're wet," she said, her eyes sparkling. 

I moved my hips restlessly. "It's all your fault," I murmured, my voice thick. "You make me wet." 

She rolled her finger over my clit, nudging it side to side and making me gasp again. I pulled her face down, darting my tongue over her lips. She skated her finger up and down my slit, pressing a little deeper and a little harder with each stroke. She brushed the tip of her tongue over my lips, kissed the corners of my mouth, and then hooked her finger deep inside my vagina. Her sudden entry sent a warm spasm of delight rolling over me. I opened my legs wider and lifted to her with greater urgency. She fucked me slowly, deliberately, the heel of her hand bouncing over my clit as she probed me. My pelvis moved with the tempo of her strokes, and I gave voice to my pleasure with moans and sighs. 

She was using two fingers now, but she remained unhurried. Her kisses were as deep and deliberate as the strokes of her hand. She slipped her fingers out and smeared nectar over the flesh of my cunt, massaging my clit then hooking back into me. I surrendered and let her carry me up and up.

My head was a jumble of warm images and thoughts, and I basked in the awareness that she truly enjoyed pleasuring me. She wasn't just fucking me, she was making love to me. "Oh Karen," I moaned softly, looking up at her.

She continued to watch me closely, drinking in my reactions to her ministrations. "Beautiful Amy," she murmured, and kissed me again. "You're so beautiful, so sexy."

She tapped my clit with her fingertips, then pushed back into me, and I came, my orgasm spilling out from my pelvis and sloshing over my entire body in long shudders.

I held my breath at the apex of each surge, and let it out in shaky moans, my body arching each time. She kept fucking me slowly, in no rush, content to let me cum and cum. I let it happen, luxuriating in each warm surge that billowed out from my pelvis.

At last, she rested her fingers in my sopping cunt and smiled at me. I relished the warm, relaxed glow settling over me, and I moaned very softly as my breathing tapered. After a time, I opened my eyes and smiled at her. She carefully slipped her hand out of my cunt, and brought it up from under the covers. I could smell myself in the humid puff of air that wafted from under the sheets. Her fingers glistened and she sucked them into her mouth. "Do I taste good?" I smiled.

"Mmmm, better than the best wine. Here, taste." 

She ran her fingers over my lips and I opened to catch one in my teeth. I sucked her middle finger in and tasted myself, all the while keeping my eyes on hers. We snuggled close, our bodies coming together like two pieces in a puzzle. "Did I take your mind off the storm?"

I giggled and kissed her. "The thunderstorm, but not the storm inside me."

"And that was quite a storm inside you."

I was beginning to feel comfortably drowsy again. I couldn't remember the last time I felt so at ease and content. Another feeling ran under the warm contentment, low but insistent. Looking into her deep eyes intensified that feeling, and for the moment, I was happy to just experience it. Outside, the occasional mutters of thunder were faint and distant. The rain continued, but now it was a barely audible whisper on the roof. "It's still early," Karen said, brushing my hair back. "We ought to sleep some more."

I stretched under the covers. "Are you going to call Richard?"

"Not right now. It's too early, it's just a little after eight. I'll call later when I'm sure he's up."

"As long as you do. I want you all to myself, and I want you all day long," I said, and as I did, I touched her nipple with my finger. It stood out firm and beautiful. "Besides, you need a day off." 

I shifted my body so I could take her nipple into my mouth. Karen stiffened slightly, and then let out her breath. I began to nurse at her, almost like a baby at her mother's breast. She cradled my head in her hand, kissed the top of my head, and hummed with gratification. I sighed and burrowed closer, still suckling her. The warm contentment suffusing me grew stronger, and I felt at peace, safe and loved. In no time, I drifted off.

****

Karen wasn't lying next to me when I finally woke up for good. I poked my head up from under the covers, and saw her using her laptop at a small desk across the bedroom. She turned to me and smiled, genuinely delighted that I was awake.

"Good morning," she beamed, getting up. Her light pastel pink robe fell open as she came to the bed. 

"What time is it?" I yawned.

She sat on the edge of the bed next to me. "Almost 12:30."

"Christ, that's early for me," I said, flopping back. "I take it you called Richard."

She pushed a tangle of my hair back from my face. "Uh huh, about half an hour ago."

"He didn't give you any grief?"

"Nope, none at all. He's glad to have a chance to be the Boss. Besides, it's supposed to rain all day. Nothing keeps the tourists off the street like a rainy day."

Karen leaned in and kissed me. "Uugghh," I said, wrinkling my nose. "How can you want to kiss me – I haven't even brushed my teeth yet."

"I'd want to kiss you if you'd just rinsed your mouth in a mud puddle," she said, and to prove it, she kissed me again, giving me a little dart of her tongue. "Did you sleep OK?"

I stretched the stiffness out of my body. "I sure did after you finished with me," I said with a smile. 

"I told you I could make you forget about the storm."

"You were so right." I reached up to touch her lips with my finger. The way she looked at me, her face bright, happy and playful, made my tummy do a warm somersault. "I guess you have a talent for that."

She laughed then kissed me on the forehead. "Are you hungry?"

"God, I'm starved! I haven't eaten anything since I got to work yesterday afternoon and snuck a bowl of Richard's chowder."

"How can you go that long without eating?"

"Easy, at least it is for me, especially when the only thing I was interested in eating last night was you."

She laughed and shook her head in mock amazement. "You're something else. Anyway, I was thinking we could have breakfast in bed."

"That sounds like a wonderful idea."

"You can wait for me, and I'll go down and make it. How does coffee, an English muffin with strawberry jam, and a banana sound?"

"Perfect," I said and my stomach growled in agreement. "In the meantime, I'll go potty."

"OK," she said. "By the way, there's a toothbrush in there for you. I always have a new one around in case I decide it's time to change."

"You must have been a Girl Scout – always prepared." 

I got up and we kissed again. "You know where the bathroom is? It's that door over there," she said, pointing it out to me. 

It was cold, especially the hardwood floors, and I shivered as I padded away, painfully aware that I hadn't peed in over 12 hours. Wincing, I plopped down on the cold ring of the toilet seat and looked around. The bathroom was surprisingly big. It had the same slightly cluttered, lived-in feel as the bedroom. A huge, freestanding claw-foot tub dominated the room. It looked easily big enough for two people to share and play in and I conjured pleasing images of using the tub with Karen.

After peeing, I went to the wide vanity sink, sneered at my sleep puffy face, and tangled hair. "Yeecchh," I grimaced. After brushing my teeth and washing my face, I brushed out the worst of the tangles from my mane of hair. I gave myself a final, critical look in the mirror. "Better," I said aloud. 

I could hear Karen puttering downstairs as I climbed back into bed, glad to have my feet off the cold floor. At some point while I was asleep, Karen had opened the windows again, and I could hear the soft, steady, soothing splash of rain on the trees and ground. I imagined Karen in the kitchen, making our breakfast, and I wondered what she was thinking about. I mentally replayed images of last night and this morning, and that was enough to make my body prickle into goose bumps. I wished she'd hurry up and come back to me. I couldn't remember the last time I felt that way about a lover.

I tried to ignore the thought nudging at the fringes of my consciousness like a bird flitting in a tree. I could fall in love with her. There was no denying the tight knot of anticipation swelling in my tummy, the desire to see her, hear her, smell her, and touch her again.

I heard Karen coming up the stairs and I sat up against the head of the bed. She carried a wooden TV tray loaded with our breakfast. "I'm back," she chirped, taking careful steps to keep the tray steady until she could set it down beside the bed. 

"That's quite a spread you put together," I said. There was a coffee carafe, two mugs, a plate with two English muffins already buttered, a small ceramic pitcher of cream, a crystal sugar bowl, another small crystal bowl filled with strawberry jam, a plate with two peeled bananas, and spoons and knives. "And you didn't spill a drop. That's talent. Beautiful, sexy, passionate, and talented – what more could I ask for in a lover?"

She blushed and we came together in a happy kiss. "I'll have you know," she said with a hint of pride, "that the jam is homemade. I made it and canned it myself."

"You made it yourself?" I said with genuine surprise. "How did you manage to find the time to do that?"

She poured coffee into the mugs, releasing the warm, rich aroma. "A couple of weeks back, Richard and I went to one of those U-pick strawberry farms and picked a ton of them to use for the dessert menu. I kept some for myself, enough to make a dozen pints of jam. I got up early one morning and just did it. I love real strawberry jam." She set the carafe down. "How do you take your coffee?"

"Cream and one sugar. I can do it."

"No, let me." 

She handed me the mug, and the first sip of the strong brew was wonderful. "This is a perfect cup of coffee. That's real cream, isn't it?"

"Absolutely. It'd be a sacrilege to use anything else. Coffee is the one thing I always do right. When you drink as much as I do, it needs to be good."

"You get an A-plus. Starbucks can go to hell."

She set her coffee down and broke off a piece of banana. "Do you have any idea how wonderful it was to wake up this morning and have you next to me?" She brought the banana piece up to my mouth and popped it in. "I laid there next to you for quite a while after you'd fallen asleep, and I almost convinced myself you were going to get up after I fell asleep and sneak away. I know, it's an awful thing to worry about, but I couldn't help it."

I pushed a piece of banana into her mouth. "You worry too much. That's something we'll have to work on."

Karen sat with her legs tucked under her, her bright eyes locked on mine. Her robe was open, exposing her beautiful breasts. Her nipples were erect with anticipation, pliant nubs crying out for attention. "Here, have another bite." She held another piece of banana in front of my mouth and made me lean in for it, giggling and moving it away from me like a child playing a game. 

I snatched it with my teeth and sucked it into my mouth, giggling almost as much as Karen. "You're being bad," I said around the banana, "teasing me like that."

"I'll make it up to you," she said with an impish smirk. She slipped the robe off her shoulders and shifted around so she sat facing me, with her legs splayed out around my waist. 

I pulled Karen closer. She smiled and made a pleased little sound when our nipples brushed together. "Feels nice," I said softly, nuzzling my lips against her neck.

"Mmmm, it does feel nice. Everything with you feels nice."

I drew my fingers up her sides making her shiver, and ran my lips over her neck up to her chin. She arched her neck for me just as I cupped her breasts in my hands and gently squeezed and stroked them. Her nipples trembled erect against my palms. "Does that feel nice?" I cooed, my lips lightly touching her cheek.

"Better than nice," she said her voice noticeably thicker. She moved so our lips brushed together and we tumbled into a kiss. Our tongues and lips pressed, sought and explored.

It struck me again how kissing her was an exquisite pleasure unto itself. We both moved our bodies in a restless dance, she stroking her fingers over my shoulders and neck, me fondling her breasts and rolling her pliant nipples under the balls of my thumb. Both of us were content for the moment to enjoy the intimacy of our lips and tongues playing together. Gradually, our kisses grew more urgent as our mutual heat rose.

I moved my hands over as much of her body as I could, delighting in the soft warmth of her skin and the way she responded so readily to every touch. Karen's hands were as restless as mine, darting over me, touching, exploring for my tender spots. "I think you're the best kisser I've ever met," I said in a playful murmur.

I could see my compliment pleased her. "It's such a turn on to kiss a girl as beautiful as you," she said. She draped her arms over my shoulders and looked deep into my eyes, her lips pouting out in a way I found very sensual. We came together again in a deep kiss, both of us sighing happily. 

"You know what I want?" I purred. "I want to do all the fun, naughty things you've ever dreamed about doing but never dared to try. I want to play with you and have fun."

She smiled at me with a sexy smirk. "You'd better be careful what you wish for. You never know what kinky things I might have dreamed about doing."

"I'm going to have fun finding out and the kinkier the better. The sky's the limit as far as I'm concerned. I'm going to find out all your naughty secrets." I reached over and dipped two fingers into the bowl of strawberry jam. She watched me, moving the tip of her tongue back and forth over her upper lip. I brought a hefty dollop of jam over. "Let's see if you make jam as good as you kiss," I said.

Karen pushed her chest out and I spread the sticky treat over the crest of one delicious breast. She sighed and smiled at me with an I-hope-you're-going-to-do-what-I-think-you're-going-to-do expression on her lovely face. I smooshed the jam between my fingers and over her nipple, and she closed her eyes and moaned very softly. I pushed her back, untangling enough for her to wind up on her back. I knelt beside her on my hands and knees, pausing just long enough to take in her voluptuous body. She looked up at me with a smile of pure bliss.

The jam glistened deep red on her breast. I traced the tip of my tongue over the outer fringes, watching her expression as I did. Her hands were restless again, touching herself, then me, then stroking and toying with my hair. I flicked the tip of my tongue over her nipple, making her gasp, and then I sucked her into my mouth, slurping the jam and smearing it on my face. The jam was sweet and rich, and I stroked my tongue over her to clean it off her tender flesh. "Ooohhh yesssss," she sighed. "Does it taste good?"

I stretched her nipple out then released it. "It's wonderful, especially on you."

She laughed with delight. I went back to tend to her breast and enjoy again the sweetness of the strawberry jam. She obviously loved having her breasts played with. Her body was in constant motion, and she made sounds of delight with every breath, gasping and jumping whenever I'd nip at her or give her a hard flick. She kept one hand buried in my hair, and she moved the other down to lightly stroke her mound. The blend of saliva and jam made a sticky, delicious mess on her lovely breast. I skidded my free hand over her tummy and massaged the spot over her pubic bone while she grazed her own fingers over the sleek flesh of her pussy.
