 Warning: This story does contain incest. If you are sensitive to this or in any way offended, this story would not be for you.

*****

Author's Note: I had originally written out an entire story covering the ladies of SiS, but then I thought it may not be published because it isn't really a story. Instead, I'm adding bits and pieces of that document to this and arranging it...kind of poorly, honestly. I hadn't listed three characters, the Rivera family, in episode 2 because they weren't featured in the story. So, I'm adding them here, but I don't want to repeat the Mistle family in the same way. So, I'm fixing that with episode 4, where the appendix will feature an emotional wound, a positive trait, and a negative trait. I do like the little "In the next episode" thing at the end, but I'm otherwise disappointed at how I've done the appendix thus far.

*****

Scene 01—Jenni

"No walking around the house naked, no sexual interaction in front of my daughter, no more. Not in my house."

"Mommy, I was wearing a shirt."

"She was wearing a shirt, Jenni."

"I don't care," the exacerbated woman said. "Just, stop. This isn't some crazy erotica where people have sex with whomever they want and sex is the main plot device. This is real life. You can't be doing that shit anymore, Amanda."

"I won't then, Jennifer," Mandy said cockily.

Chelsea sat on the couch, gazing out the window, with her arms across her chest. She was getting tired of this lecture. It wasn't fair. It was hypocritical. Mommy made her feel guilty for getting turned on by something she and Auntie were doing. It wasn't her fault. 

"Maybe Daddy didn't beat you hard enough," Chelsea said under her breath.

"Excuse me? What the fuck did you just say?" Jenni heard what she said, and it hurt. More than hurt, it killed. Her own daughter, sitting there staring out the window, stabbed her mother in the heart with the sharpest blade. The angry young lady clenched her jaw, but a single tear found its way over the tightly muscled cheek. She could see it hurt her daughter to say, just as much as it hurt her to hear. "Chel, please go to your room."

"Fuck you!" The defiant girl yelled, eyes red with emotion now fixed on the source of her rage.

"Leave, now!" Her mother yelled back.

Chelsea hesitated at first and turned to the window again. She wanted to stay there until she could pull herself together. Both women were staring at her, she could feel their eyes. Shame. She felt shame. Chelsea was suddenly far madder at herself than at her mother. How could she use that against her? Nobody knows what it was like in that house more than Chelsea. How could she wish that on Mommy? Her heart wanted to cry. Her mind wanted her to hold it inside.

"Chelsea Marie, I said—"

"I'm going!" She screamed, jumping off the couch. "I'm old enough to do what I want!"

"Turn around when you talk to me," Jenni told the back of her daughter's head.

"Fuck you!" Chelsea made it to her bedroom and slammed the door shut. Still, it wasn't her mother she was angry with, not anymore. Her words were a double-edged sword meant to hit her mother where it hurt the most. The blade cut her just as deeply.

"Jen," Mandy said softly while getting off the couch to console her. "You know Chelsea didn't mean that, right?"

"Amanda, if you wouldn't mind..." Jenni tried to maintain her composure, but her voice began to crack with emotion. "I'm heading out for a little while, the office called. I'll be back tonight. If you wouldn't mind watching Chelsea—"

"That's fine," Mandy took her sister's hand. "Don't let it bother you. We'll be fine here, I'll have a little talk with her. No sex."

Pain. The worst she had felt since the day Tom sent her to the hospital. Jenni tried putting it out of her mind. She knew Chelsea only lashed out to hurt her. Nothing hurt worse.

— — — 

Scene 02—Ariella

The sun shined high in the sky on this spring afternoon. The coolness of winter lingered in the air, but chirping birds declared spring was here and summer was soon to come. Maybe the warmer weather might brighten her soul.

Ariella and her older sister Leana walked around the three-story building they now called 'home'. It took some convincing to get her outside for the first time in several days. Ariella had her face buried in a book, while she listened to the low rumble of her fish-tank's motor. Getting her off that bed, showered, and in some nice athletic apparel was a group effort, with her mother Jezebel sharing the duty with Leana. Finally, the youngest of the Rivera family relented under the condition that her sister accompany her. Leana didn't mind, because she planned to go out anyhow. She'd do anything to put a smile on her little sister's face and Ariella knew it.

It was worth getting outside in the fresh air. A melancholic sorrow washed over her even under the daytime sun. The question of 'why' replayed in her mind as it so often had in the past few months. Why did he do it? Why did Dad end his life? Why wasn't he happy?

Ariella looked up at a row of trees along the manicured lawn. She watched the branches sway in the gentle breeze. Birds flying from branch to branch. The clouds above shifted slowly. Anything to distract herself from the harshness of her reality. Maybe suicide was...

"Aren't you glad you came out, now?" 

Ariella turned her head a bit. Leana stood there with a smile. How could she smile? Life just wasn't the same, anymore. Death crept into their family and it lingered, taunting Ariella daily. Should she try to join her father? Was life even worth living anymore? The beautiful young latina questioned her own existence, unable to see her worth because she felt she had none.

A sudden chill crawled down her spine. Ice hit every nerve receptor, spreading like raindrops on a windshield. Her gaze dropped to her feet again. No more spring. No more warmth from the sun. Ariella shivered as if she walked into a snowstorm under-dressed. No amount of clothing could warm the blizzard in her heart.

"Come on, smile," Leana nudged her sister. "It's a beautiful day, isn't it?"

"Yeah, it's nice," Ariella said, looking up just enough to see the stretch of sidewalk ahead.

"Nice?" Leana said with excitement. "No, it's a beautiful day. The sun's out. Birds are chirping—"

"A little cold, though."

She watched her sister's excited expression drop. It was true, at least for Ariella. It felt cold. She shivered. Did Leana not feel that? The younger sister glanced back at their building, wondering if it was too late to run home. No, she couldn't abandon her sister. The only reason she left the house was to make her happy. But, it seemed her foul mood began to spread. Only for a moment, however, before Leana's smile returned.

The elder sister jogged into a grassy expanse. A large sugar maple tree provided shade fifteen feet in front of the community center. She sat down beside the thick roots sprouting from bottom of the trunk. Multi-colored leaves left over from fall, faded and weathered, gathered about the trunk. Seemed like a cozy spot, Ariella thought. A good spot for reading a book.

"Ariella, this would be a great place to take your e-reader."

She was right. The younger sister considered the shady spot. No glare from the sun. Birds perched on the branches above. Quiet. Peaceful. She surveyed the surrounding area. Not too far from their apartment in Building 2. The community center, in which people were coming and going, looked nice. Was there a gym? Were there treadmills?

"Do you know if there's a gym in here?" Ariella asked her sister, who sat against the tree trunk.

If so, she'd love to jump on a treadmill. A little music playing on her headphones or listening to audio book. Walking along a path made from the photos of real locations. She loved that back home. Not this home, but their real home. Dad took her to the gym every week after she graduated. Treadmills were her favorite, but she never did get the chance to try an elliptical machine. Maybe she'd try that.

Unfortunately, Leana didn't seem to know. For the first time since she walked out the door, Ariella wasn't thinking about her father. She thought only about exercising. What better way to deal with the problems in her head than releasing some endorphins? Ariella headed for the entrance, which led to the lobby, which hopefully led to a gym.

"Mira, esperar!" Leana called out. She got to her feet, but it was too late. "Arie..."

She heard her sister calling, but Ariella chose not to listen. Exercise was one of the few things she took pleasure in. Leana did want her sister to be happy, didn't she?

In the lobby, Ariella witnessed something she had never seen before. A woman sat in a chair, with another woman was seated on her lap. They were kissing. More than that. They were groping each other. Ariella blushed and tried not to notice, but something about the scene called to her, demanding her attention.

"Ariella, what are you doing?"

"Finding...the exercise place," Ariella said. Was Leana watching, too? What if the women started taking their clothes off? What if they...? Is it allowed here, in public?

"This way, Arie," Leana said.

Ariella was able to remove her eyes and see that her sister was moving into another room. She followed, but the sight of two women kissing and groping each other hadn't gone away. And then seeing these women...

Girls in sports bras, loose tank tops, curve-hugging yoga pants, and short shorts. Ariella had never thought about girls being with girls romantically. Something about seeing those two in the lobby, how passionate they were with each other, struck something within her.

I came in here to exercise, she told herself. She could join the trio practicing yoga or get on the only bike not being used. An elliptical machine, she's always wanted to try one of those. With her white sneakers, gray capri sweatpants, and white crop top, she was more into taking a jog; a treadmill perhaps. As luck would have it, one treadmill was free. 

Someone left a towel on it, she noticed. An unused towel by the look of it. Since nobody was using it, Ariella decided it was her towel now, afterward she'd toss it in the towel bin; which was somewhere near the counter no doubt. She flipped the switch and to her delight, this treadmill had the map system she wanted. Today, she'd be running down a three-mile path in Spain. With the fans on, it would feel like she were running out—

"What the fuck do you think you're doing?"

Ariella was taken completely off-guard. She turned her head, but before she could see the source of the yelling, she was shoved off the machine. Why? Who would do that? Nobody was using the machine.

"I'm sorry, I didn't think—"

"Apparently you didn't," said a noticeably large-breasted stout girl about her age. "Move along, now."

Ariella watched the angry girl step onto her machine. She hadn't come this far to be pushed around.

"I was using that," Ariella tried to protest.

The bully extended her hand, and her middle finger, and told Ariella to fuck off. Where was Leana? Her sister walked into the gym flanked by the two girls that were making out in the lobby. It was time to show Leana she could handle things herself.

"What the fuck are you doing?" The angry girl asked after Ariella reached for the console.

"Taking...this," Ariella pulled the key which ran the machine.

"Bitch," the bully stepped off the machine, forcing Ariella to take several steps back. "Give me the key or I'll pound you."

"Shay! What the fuck?"

"She stole my machine while I was grabbing a water. Then, she takes the fucking key."

"I was using this machine," Ariella tried to argue.

"While I was getting water. Yeah. So, give me the key—"

"No."

"Ariella, just do something else," Leana said, hoping to diffuse the situation. "There's an elliptical—"

"I want to use a treadmill. The other ones are being used."

"This one is being used, too," Shay said. "Now give me..."

The pair shared a fierce glare, neither wanted to back down. Finally, Ariella threw the key at Shay's face. She started walking past, but Shay grabbed the girl by her hair and pulled her back.

"Stop," Leana tried to intervene, but the new friend she met in the lobby, Nikki, stopped her. It seemed clear this bully was about to beat her sister down. As clear as it was that nobody would step in to help.

"There's a way to settle this without someone getting killed," Talia informed the group. "Ariella, right? And Shay. Have you seen the room over there? It's meant for settling disagreements, according to the sign on the door."

Shay still held her by the hair, but Ariella was glad there would be another way to settle their issue without getting beaten up. Together, the group traveled over to the room. Inside were a row of black metal folding chairs surrounding a series of blue gym mats. Nothing else. How were problems solved in here?

— — — 

Scene 03—Chelsea

She fell asleep again. Her words replayed in her head. What she said to her mother, how she made the woman feel, Chelsea had trouble forgiving herself. Now that she was awake, it was time she talked to her and apologized.

Chelsea rose her head from the tear-stained pillow. Her words felt no different than the physical beating her father gave her mother. It wasn't right. She took a deep breath, knowing what had to be done. Chelsea swung her legs off the bed. Was it worth getting up? The alarm clock showed it was about mid-afternoon. Mommy might not be home. In fact, that was a safe bet. She worked four days a week, waiting tables for the same restaurant she's worked at for half a decade. No, it wasn't worth getting up.

Before her head could hit the pillow again, she heard two voices just outside her door. While still groggy, she wondered who else was in the house. Aunt Mandy, she assumed. Maybe one of her aunt's friends.

Curiosity had gotten the best of her. Chelsea dropped her feet on the floor and shuffled along with an unsteady gait. Emphasizing silence, she slowly opened the door and peeked through the thin crack she created. No one was in the living room. A pair of gray stockings by the couch. A shirt, no, two shirts were hanging over the arm. A bra led toward the kitchen; with a pair of panties and a second bra near them. No one was around now, but they were moments earlier.

Mommy's room, Chelsea told herself. A thought came to mind. What if Mommy left her job early and she and Aunt Mandy were enjoying another rendezvous in her bedroom? It was time to make up in a big way. Chelsea shook her head to clear the cobwebs of an afternoon nap. She hurried to her mother's bedroom, hoping to catch them in the act. There was a silence, it seemed.

No one was in the bedroom, Chelsea realized upon entering. Not Mommy, not Auntie, no one. Had the voices been a remnant from her dream that she brought into the real world?

Mommy's room looked nice. She made her bed, as she always did. Pillows rested neatly against the oak headboard. Same two-toned walls as in her bedroom, except these were a deeper red, with the white, as opposed to Chelsea's pink walls.

Someone was coming. Two someones. Their voices carried closer and closer. It wasn't Mommy. Who, then? That's Aunt Mandy's voice, Chelsea recognized. Still not thinking clearly, Chelsea considered hiding under the bed. No, because if she made a noise she'd be too easy to find. Too late to leave the room if they were coming this way. The closet.

Chelsea huddled in the small closet and shut it as quietly as she could. Not a moment to spare. Once inside, she realized the closet was a little bigger than she expected. Sure, her mother's clothes hung in the way, making her feel a little cramped. Shoes were stacked on a small black shelf along the back wall. But, after shoving the clothes as far back as possible, she created a bit of room for herself. It finally occurred to her that she didn't know why she was hiding. Then Aunt Mandy walked in.

"Don't worry, we won't be interrupted this time," Mandy said.

Auntie was with someone. Chelsea peeked through the divide in the louver door. One of the pegs, she noticed, seemed loose. Carefully, she tweaked the panel and was granted a clear view of the bedroom. There stood Auntie, naked. A second woman whom Chelsea had never seen was with her. The mystery woman was also naked. The clothes Chelsea found in the living room obviously belonged to them.

"I cleaned up the clothes," Mandy said with a pair of panties in her hand. "I don't want my sister to know you're here, yet. I want you to be her special surprise."

Maybe she should just get out now and explain her reasoning for hiding in the closet. Auntie would understand. Then she could leave the room. Give Aunt Mandy her privacy; even though this was Jenni's bedroom and Mandy slept on the couch...sometimes.

Chelsea reached up for the knob, but stopped. Would it be intrusive just stay and watch? Just out of curiosity, of course. She'd hate to ruin their moment. Auntie's friend, with the long dark hair, had thick legs befitting her voluptuous curves; or at least what Chelsea could see from behind. What could a girl do to a girl with an ass like that? Do lesbians have anal sex? Chelsea sat and wondered what would happen next. 

She wanted to see more. Turn around, Chelsea's mind begged, turn around. Beyond the naked woman's backside, Chelsea could only see a small portion of her aunt's body. At times she could see her face. Other times her face would disappear in front of the woman's chest. Still, they weren't giving the eighteen-year old a clear view of the action. It quickly became obvious what was happening. Aunt Mandy was sucking the woman's breasts. She heard the kissing, mewling, and sucking, but Chelsea wanted to watch her aunt suck her friend's breasts.

"Brooke, " Mandy said, "get your naked ass on this bed."

The urge to shove a hand down her pants became too strong to ignore. Chelsea began rubbing herself slowly as she watched with anticipation. Brooke bent down and gave Chelsea a quick glance at her plump labia. She crawled onto the bed behind Mandy. Chelsea rubbed faster, swaying her hips into her hand.

Not only did she look great from behind, but she had breasts the size of which Chelsea had never seen. Big, thick, juicy breasts. Large peach areola covering a relatively small portion of the larger surface. Chelsea hadn't sucked a woman's breasts since she was an infant, but she wanted to suck those so badly.

Get out, now. Her mind told her. Get out and fuck Brooke. Fuck Auntie. Suck those big tits. Go down on her pussy. Get out and have the greatest time of your life. Another part of her said stay. You don't really know what you're doing. Watch them have sex and learn some things. No doubt sex with a woman would be happening soon in this community of pussy.

The horny voyeur chose the second option. She could see Auntie's naked body now. Her sleek figure with a slight hint of her abdominal muscles. Mandy took great care of her body, clearly. She crawled to her friend and positioned herself on the young woman's right side. Chelsea rubbed until rubbing wasn't cutting it anymore. Mom had a sex toy, she remembered. Was it in the closet? Hard to tell since it was pitch dark. Searching through little compartments under the shoe shelf would likely make a good amount of noise. Was getting caught right now a big deal? Part of her wanted to get caught.

Focus, she told herself. To appease her wanting vagina, she inserted one finger and continued watching the sexy lesbian pair. Aunt Mandy had her lips on one of Brooke's nipples, while her hand groped the other. Chelsea closed her eyes and imagined a big erect nipple in her mouth, suckling hard. The moisture from her natural wetness started making a feint slapping noise.
