 Warning: This story does contain incest. If you are sensitive to this or in any way offended, this story would not be for you.

*****

Scene 01—Jenni

Cold air reminded her they weren't far removed from winter. A cold winter; coldest she could remember. The lingering chill caused a shiver up her spine, then down her extremities. Rubbing her hands together couldn't seem to warm them enough. Maybe a walk this late at night was a bad idea. No, she needed the walk, the fresh air, a chance to gather he thoughts and feelings.

What did she witness earlier?

Jenni couldn't get that image out of her head. Chelsea, her eighteen-year-old daughter, completely naked. Every inch of that five-foot-two body laid bare. She had been hiding in a closet with Mandy's equally naked friend; whom was touching her daughter's vagina.

Where had Jenni gone wrong? Was it wrong? Her daughter was eighteen now and old enough to make her own decisions. It wasn't her decision, though. It was Amanda's.

This was Amanda's fault. Her unbridled sex drive always caused problems. It was only a matter of time before she sucked her niece into her insidious sex games.

A cool breeze swept in and chilled Jenni to the bone for a moment. Only for a moment. A heat deep inside of her warmed her body again. The image of Chelsea, sitting in that closet, completely naked. The fire that burned inside of her as her eyes scoured the young lady's flawless alabaster skin. The shameful arousal she felt as she wondered what it would be like to...no, mothers don't think like that about their children.

Once again, she reminded herself that she wasn't a child, though. Chelsea was a woman, now. A sexy young woman with desires of her own. Those innocent blue eyes took in her mother's body from her toes up to her eyes and everything in between. For a silent moment, it seemed Chelsea wanted to fuck her mother. Not just have sex with her. Not make love. She wanted to bend her ass over the bed, lube up her fingers with her mother's natural wetness, and fuck her sexy mother's juicy ass right in front of her Aunt Mandy. Suddenly, it didn't feel so cold.

Then the wind howled, and Jenni caught herself looking over her shoulder for the hundredth time. In this part of the complex, behind Building 3, a streetlight was out. That wouldn't be so bad if the lights weren't sparse throughout the complex. A cloak of darkness fell on nearly fifty yards of the lot; including on the sidewalk where Jenni strolled along with her hands tucked into her pockets.

Her twisted fantasy had been replaced by fear. Thoughts of the cold darkness became thoughts of her coldest darkest time. Thoughts of him. Tom. Her husband. Her lover. Her tormentor. Thinking of him while walking through the darkness caused her mind to wander onto many horrific scenarios.

In a society of women, was it possible for him to slip through? What if he killed the guard at the gate? Could he? Jenni's chest was gripped hard by anxiety. Squeezing. Crushing. Tom could be out there with her right now. Her worst nightmare.

She heard the sound of feet beating the pavement. Jenni stopped to make sure it wasn't her own footsteps. The shoes clanked on and on. When she turned to see the source, knowing it must be Tom ready to pounce on her, she saw a girl about Chelsea's age storming down the walkway from behind Building 3. Why would she be out this late? Why would Jenni, for that matter? So absorbed in her thoughts and questions was Jenni, that she absent-mindedly chose to go for a walk to clear her head when the sun had long since set.

Seeing the girl walk past her and around the corner brought a sigh of relief, but it didn't last long. A pair of headlights emerged from the dark parking lot. The beams grew wider, and wider still, as the vehicle closed in on Jenni's location. It was Tom. She knew it was him. He came to finish the job; kill the family he couldn't have. It would start with Jenni. Then Mandy. Finally, he would murder his little girl in cold blood, because that is the kind of cold-hearted bastard he was.

The dark four-door sedan drove into the last parking space nearest Jenni. Then it stopped. The driver stayed inside for a moment. Was he watching her? Jenni walked faster toward the edge of the building where she saw the girl disappear. If she could get around the building, walk across to Building 1, she could slip inside and into her apartment to safety. At the end of the sidewalk, there was a light.

Then Jenni caught sight of that girl again, the one whom walked past her. She leaned against the building under the light. Hair as dark as Chelsea's. A little plump. Beautiful face, with big brown eyes. Jenni noticed the young lady's ample cleavage, held together by a cotton-white tank top over a black bra; as Jenni could tell from the straps.

The girl was looking off in the other direction, paying no attention to Jenni. Then a pair of footsteps came up behind her. Jenni turned, expecting to meet the frightening gaze of her ex-husband. 

"Relax, she's just the security guard," said the young woman.

She was right. It was a woman dressed in the gray shirt and black pants of a security guard. The guard smiled at the scared woman as she walked by toward the next building. Jenni never was in danger.

"She always parks there to do her rounds," the girl remarked.

Jenni turned to the young lady and asked, "What are you doing out here?"

"My mom...she kicked me out of the house. But, I usually go for a walk late at night. It's quiet."

That's awful, Jenni thought. How could a mother kick her child out on the street in the middle of the night? Do I invite the girl inside, where it's safe? Jenni asked herself. It's going to get colder as the night went on. Below freezing by midnight.

"You can't stay out here," Jenni decided, "but I don't know you well enough to invite you into my home."

"Relax, I wasn't asking to get into your place. There's a community center, I'll probably stay the night over there."

The girl had a plan at least. Unfortunately for her, anyone in the complex holding a key could get into the community center.

"You can't stay there."

"Well shit, I have nowhere else to fucking go. It's either I stay there or out here."

"Dressed like that?" Jenni nodded toward the young lady's tank top. "You'll freeze to death. Come on, walk with me—"

"Shay," the girl revealed. "Shay Amore. I live here in Building 3."

The mother extended a hand to Shay, whom couldn't be much older than her daughter. How could a mother kick her child out of the house? It made Jenni wonder just what this girl could've done that would elicit an expulsion. She could be dangerous.

"Shay, tell me a little about yourself."

— — — 

Scene 02—Chelsea

"Any questions?"

What is it like to be with a woman? Not just kissing in a closet, but to have sex. How does it differ from having sex with a man? What kind of things can a woman do to another woman? These questions and many others came to mind. Would it be wrong to have sex with Aunt Mandy? Another good question. One that would likely be answered very soon.

Yet, Chelsea said nothing.

"Not going to ask about what you witnessed in your mother's bedroom, sweetheart?"

Rather than respond verbally, she allowed her body language to speak volumes. Chelsea openly admired her aunt's body. Auntie looked amazing in her black lace bra and matching panties. Her sleek and slender body. Perfectly tanned. Smooth legs. Illuminated only by the television. If Auntie were to initiate contact, would it be okay to try some things with her? The woman had no problem fucking her own sister. They caught her in the closet naked, while being finger-fucked by Mandy's friend. This obviously indicated Chelsea's interest in lesbian sex. Wouldn't Aunt Mandy love to teach her? Perhaps that's the point of her questions; to open the door for exploration.

With the controller in hand, Chelsea flipped through some premium movie channels. One channel in particular came to mind, two clicks away. Flipping through channels would hopefully make her intentions a little less obvious. It wasn't that she didn't have the questions in mind, but she felt a little nervous to ask them. The next channel, now. Click.

"Mmmm...oh, baby," moaned a naked woman on the screen. "Eat my pussy...yeah, just like that."

"Wow," Chelsea said in false surprise. "So, is it like that?"

A blonde woman turned and bent over, while a dark-haired woman, down on her knees, spread her ass cheeks. The camera switched to a closer shot. The brunette was licking her lover's puckered hole, while rubbing her pussy in concentric circles with her thumb.

"I've done that before," Mandy commented. "Actually, I've been on both ends of that."

Chelsea pursed her lips as she contemplated putting a hand down her shorts and masturbating. Would that be too direct? No. Pulling her shorts down, however, and tossing them on the floor would make her intentions clear. How about losing her panties? Her camisole, too? Honestly, who needed clothes? No, Chelsea wanted to take it slow and gauge her aunt's reaction. The fact is, Chelsea was feeling a little nervous.

"Are you enjoying this?" Mandy chuckled.

"Mhmm," Chelsea nodded as she shoved her right hand down her shorts. Was Auntie watching? She turned her head to see. Light from the television bounced off her aunt's eyes in the dark room. Yes, she was watching. "Do you mind if I fuck myself?"

Not 'masturbate'. Not 'play with myself'. No, Chelsea chose her words wisely. Even emphasized the word 'fuck'. 

"These ladies are so sexy," Chelsea moaned with her hand down her panties and her legs stretched out on the couch. "Is that what it's like? Having sex with a woman?"

Chelsea wasn't watching the television, anymore. Her eyes were set on Mandy, seated in front of her spread legs. To be fair, Aunt Mandy wasn't watching the performance on the television, when there was a better performance right in front of her. Mandy's focus was on the sexy little nymph rubbing her concealed pussy.

"If you want me to stop, I'll stop," Chelsea said. "If not..."

"No, by all means, sweetheart. As long as you don't mind if I do the same."

She enjoyed the show her niece put on, the eighteen-year old could tell. Chelsea wanted her aunt to want her. Maybe watching the girl plunge a finger or two into her tight pussy would help.

"Oh fuck," Chelsea moaned. "This feels so good."

Whenever the girl's eyes opened, she could see Aunt Mandy surveying her body. She wanted the girl, but still seemed hesitant. It didn't matter, because Chelsea was certain Auntie Mandy would be fucking her young pussy soon. As a matter of fact, Chelsea would guarantee her aunt's face would be between her legs in minutes. There was simply one thing she had to do.

"Auntie," Chelsea sat up with her hand removed from her sex, glistening with wetness. She held two fingers up and pressed them to Mandy's lips. "How do I taste?"

"You little devil," Mandy licked her moist lips with the taste of the horny teenager. "You do taste good. Here, taste this."

Chelsea opened her mouth and welcomed two steaming wet fingers. Closing her lips, she sucked her Aunt's pussy juice. The taste was so deliciously erotic that it increased her own wetness.

"Mmm, you taste delicious, Auntie."

"Do you really want an experience?"

"Yes, please."

Mandy stood up and grabbed the girl's hand. "Do you want me to take you to your bedroom and fuck your pretty little pussy?"

"Or we could do it right here."

"You do know your mom could walk in at any moment."

"That's fine," Chelsea said still drunk on lust. "I'll fuck Mommy, too."

That statement sent a shiver of arousal through Mandy's body.

"You are a little devil, aren't you, sweetheart?"

— — — 

Scene 03—Jenni

"So, this is my home," Jenni told her guest as she unlocked the front door. It was unusually quiet. There was a scent in the air. A familiar scent. The closer Jenni walked toward the living room, the stronger the scent became. It smelled like female arousal; specifically her sister Mandy's arousal. And there on the floor was a familiar black lacy garment; her sister's thong.

"Is something wrong?" Shay asked.

"What?" Jenni turned to take a look at her busty guest. "Oh, nothing's wrong. It looks like my sister took my daughter...out somewhere."

"Can I tell you something, Jenni?" Shay walked over to her host and left barely an inch between them. "I'm glad we have the place to ourselves. Ever since I saw you, I thought, 'that is one sexy MILF'."

"Really? I'm surprised you wouldn't be interested in someone closer to your age. A girl as pretty as you certainly has options, you could probably have anyone you choose—"

"And I chose you," Shay kissed Jenni's lips, but it lacked the passion she sought.

Jenni pulled away from the full-figured young lady. Again she thought, this girl is practically the same age as Chelsea. That fact continued to plague her. Seeing the girl outside cold, lonely, and illuminated only by the lone streetlight, Jenni wanted to take her inside to keep her safe. However, after walking with her, talking to her, admiring her sexy full-figured body...suddenly her good intentions became arousal. Why should she feel guilty? Shay seemed equally interested in her. And she wasn't her daughter.

In the hallway, just a moment ago, Shay disclosed the reason for her expulsion. She had sex with her aunt. This titillating detail made Jenni think of Chelsea and Mandy. 

She didn't want them to have sex, but even so she would never kick her daughter out of the house for that reason. In fact, the idea of her two favorite girls getting together for a lustful night of passion...no, that's sick. Jenni remembered Mandy's thong, wet with the scent of her arousal. What if Mandy and Chelsea...Jenni shook the thoughts from her head, not realizing Shay had already begun to walk around the condo.

"Two bedrooms? I assumed every apartment had three, like ours," Shay said as she wandered around. A picture of Jenni with a girl that looked to be sixteen. Her daughter. The picture looked old, Jenni appeared a little younger, which suggested the girl may be in her early twenties by now. "Your daughter lives with you?"

"Chelsea? Yeah," Jenni said while grabbing a couple of glasses from the cupboard. "I think she's out with her aunt right now. Are you old enough to drink?"

"I'm twenty-two. Is she cute?"

"Who, Chelsea? Or her aunt?"

"Both," Shay grinned deviously. "Chelsea looks pretty cute in this picture. I'm willing to bet she's hot as fuck, if she looks anything like you."

"You were looking at that picture by the dinner table? She was fifteen there," Jenni sipped wine from her glass, while her mind wandered through the memories the way Shay had wandered around her apartment. "Chelsea turned eighteen a few months ago."

"So, is she as sexy as her mother?"

Jenni turned away from Shay for a moment. A flashback of seeing her daughter in the closet, naked. She is sexy. So very sexy. Petite body. Fine pale complexion, like a porcelain doll. Clean shaven and smooth all over. And her labia...Jenni stopped her thought process as it delved into an area she wasn't comfortable exploring.

"She's...cute. A few inches shorter than you. Same black hair as you, but with these beautiful blue eyes."

A pair of hands held Jenni's hips from behind. Lips kissed the back of her neck. She was surprised, caught off guard at first, but quickly began to enjoy the attention. Jenni closed her eyes as Shay's hands moved around her body to her stomach, then up her shirt.

"What else?" Shay asked as she pulled Jenni's shirt up over her head.

"She's thin. Not crazy thin, she has some thickness from the waist down."

"Keep going," Shay said, unzipping her host's pants and pulling them down to her ankles.

"Uhnn," Jenni closed her eyes and moaned a Shay's other hand slid down under her panties, stimulating her womanly cunt. "Perfect little...mmhmmm...breasts. That feels so good. They're not too small or too big...just right. Her pink pussy...Shay, that feels...I'm sorry, I think this is getting—"

"Just relax. I enjoy hearing you describe her. You sound like you really love her."

Jenni pulled her guest's hand out of her panties and turned around with a perplexed look on her face. She held a finger under Shay's chin and looked into the beautiful young lady's eyes. "Of course I love my daughter. Every mother loves their daughter."

"Not every. And the way you described your daughter's body, her breasts, it seems you love her a little differently than—"

Jenni cut Shay off with a kiss. It was bad enough she had these thoughts about her own daughter, she couldn't have a stranger point it out. The whole situation had Jenni more aroused than she'd like to admit. Her only hope was to take this girl into her bedroom and work out all of her confusing feelings for Chelsea on this complete stranger; a sex surrogate.

As they kissed, Shay had started pulling Jenni's panties down her thick womanly waist. In a flurry of fingers, Jenni had her guest standing in her kitchen in nothing but a bra and panties; or thong as it turned out. The young lady's breasts looked even more amazing almost bursting out of her bra.

It sounded like a door creaked. Jenni pulled away from Shay for a moment. She heard the metallic squeal of door hinges. That door...was it always open like that? Chelsea's door was open about six inches and a light was on. Strange. If it were Chelsea, why wouldn't she just come out of her bedroom and...oh, that's right, they're both practically naked. Had she seen them?

"I like this landing strip," Shay said as she traced the line of hair down Jenni's plump mound. "I might kiss my way down the trail. What do you think?"

"I think my daughter might've seen us," Jenni laughed nervously. "Maybe we should go to my room."

"Or should we wait?" Shay asked.

"Wait for what?"

"Your daughter, of course," Shay started walking toward the open bedroom door. "I'll go see if she'd like to join us."

"You're not talking about..."

"Come on, if she's as hot as you say she is I might want to meet her. Personally, I'd love to bring mother and daughter together," Shay was stopped when Jenni ran in front of her. "Don't tell me you've never thought about it."

"That's obscene!"

"So is bringing a girl you never met before into your home with the intention of fucking her."

Jenni bit her lip and shied away from that statement. It was true. Shamefully true. 

"Don't even worry about it, Jen. You want me and I want you. But, you have to admit the way you described your daughter was very hot. If you have sexual feelings for her—"

"I don't."

"Bullshit," Shay laughed. She pulled down the straps of her bra and turned it around until the clasp was in front. "Say it and I'll let you suck my titties."

She did want those tits. She wanted them so bad. How long had it been since she'd sucked a pair of fat titties. Jenni loved breasts more than anything.

"I want to have sex with you," Jenni finally said. "But, my daughter..."

"Yeah, you want to fuck her?" Shay unclasped her bra and let it fall to the floor. "You want these?"

"I'd love to suck your tits," Jenni grasped the soft globes with both hands.

"Tell me how you really feel," Shay said while getting aroused by this horny mother and the idea of getting her to admit she wanted her daughter. "Don't you wish Chelsea was here right now? Oh, Mommy. You look so sexy between that woman's big breasts. That's what she would say. Would you let her join us?"

"Y-yes," Jenni admitted, but immediately hated herself for saying. She looked around, worried her daughter might see her; worse, that she might hear. She did see her those other times, didn't she? When she and Mandy were fooling around in the living room, which made Chelsea decide to walk around the house naked, and she watched them while they had sex in the bedroom.
