 I woke up with a damp heat between my legs. The clock said it was a little after two a.m. Trying to ignore it, I lay still and feigned sleep, hoping to convince my body that it was asleep. That didn't work. I lay there for what seemed like a very long time and when I opened my eyes again it was still a little after two. I rolled over and reached for Andrea. I put my hand on her hip and she stirred.

"You can't sleep either?" she asked.

"I'm horny." I reached my hand down the front of her panties and ran my fingers through the thatch of hair I found there. I tugged her pubes gently and she rolled onto her back. Spread her legs. Giving me access. Pulling my hand back I offered my middle finger to her mouth. She took it, sucked it, got it wet. I returned it to her panties and working them to the side I inserted it. My finger was wet, her pussy was wet. There was no resistance to the insertion and I squeezed my fingers together to stimulate her labia while I tapped on her G-spot, inside. That always worked for me. She gasped and took her lower lip between her teeth. Her eyes closed as she let me have my way with her. After a moment, I twisted until I could get my mouth on her pussy. With my finger still inside her I used my tongue to work open, pry open, her hood. Andrea has a small clit, well hidden by her hood, but I knew where it was. I'd been there before.

Tap, tap, tap on her G-spot as my tongue pressed, almost motionless, on her clit. I could feel the tension in her body beginning to build but I wasn't ready to let her climax. Not yet. With a flick of my tongue on her pussy I pulled it away, moved my head up, and started sucking and licking circles around her nipples. Tap, tap, tap on her G-spot, squeeze her labia, suck and lick on her nipples. She moaned but soon she began pushing my head, pressing me down between her legs. I laughed and resisted her. She wanted to cum and eventually, I had to relent. I love her. I couldn't torture her. I went back down to her clit with my mouth, continued to play with her nipples with one hand and kept up the constant tap, tap, tap. She peaked pretty quickly, her whole body began to vibrate. Slowly, at first then faster until she was rigid, her legs pressed together making it difficult for me to tap. Difficult for me to breath.

As the peak passed and she began to relax I removed my finger and simply circled her labia with my tongue. Each time I would come near her clit she would shudder again. Finally, she pushed me away and I lay on my side with my feet on the pillows and my head at the foot of the bed. She was positioned just the opposite. The blankets and sheets were in complete disarray. We lay like this for awhile, and she would occasionally sneak a quick lick on my feet or toes. When she moved she put one of her legs between mine and pressed her pussy against me. She began moving her hips in a slow circular motion, grinding against my sex. It felt wonderful and now we were both getting hot. Angela used her hands to spread the cheeks of my ass; heightening the sensation. Her hands and her hips were never still. She kept them moving continuously, but she stopped, without warning. Got off me and lay on her back again. She hung her head off the edge of the bed and looked at me. Her eyes were soft, doe-like, and irresistible. I knew what she wanted to do and was happy to oblige. 

I stood and walked forward to straddle her face. Her tongue darted rapidly between my anus and my cunt. I ground my clit on her chin while she licked my ass. I came strong. I came hard and when I lifted myself off, she was covered with my juices from her chin to her nose. I could see it shining in the moonlight that streamed through the window. We climbed back into the bed and lay atop the disheveled bed clothes, face to crotch. I pulled her panties off of her and pushed them under my pillow. My panties were already on the floor. We fell asleep again, my arms were wrapped around her knees, and slept like innocent babes, basking in the afterglow of our orgasms. I dreamt of her and when I woke she was gone.