 I'm laid on her bed, knowing what is to come. Something I can't wait for, lying, head on pillow, eyes closed, waiting. See her smile at me before turning to kneel over my eager tongue. As she lowers herself over me I can't wait any longer, grabbing her thighs to pull her down, I smell it, that warm musty, creamy smell just centimetres from my nose, inhaling deeply and wrapping my arms around her, I look at her. She's opening herself to me, her gorgeous brown ass cheeks in hands reach for me to roll my fingertips across. Her skins' so smooth. I can see everything, from her perfect tight little rim, along to her cute fleshy pink vagina, smothered in glistening moisture trickling over her perineum, along to her folding inner labia, they're so soft, I like to let my nose rub along them every so often because they're so smooth, and lastly, her plump little clit, poking out, swollen from under her chocolatey hood. She's gorgeous, sexy. Everything.

I take her clit in my mouth, in seconds I'm working away, licking up and down, holding her upper thighs gripping on tightly, the smell and taste filling my senses with ecstasy, there's nothing this perfect. I lick her up and down, faster then slower, breathing through my nose because her pleasure is more important than anything. All I want is to make her orgasm, it is the most important thing in the world when my tongue is working away at her clitoris like I love to. I have her clit sucked closely between my bottom and top lips, sucking while I engulf it in licks of warmth an moisture, I salivate purposefully, making her as lubricated and horny as possible, I find if I make her wet, it helps her get wetter herself, which is win win. 

I graze her labia with my flat tongue to keep her sensitive and run my tongue mischieviously through her inner labia and then between her outer and inner.

Then it gets serious, I cut the crap, work on her clit. Pressing hard with the tip of my tongue, till I hear her moans heighten in pitch that's when I know she's near, near to something only she could describe to me. I work at her, I never tire now, not after 16 months of amazing practise. My tongue, working away at her as her knees collapse and she's lying on me, her soft flesh against mine, I love it, the pressure of her laid on me feels so close, and she's the perfect blanket, never too heavy, just comforting, I hold her waist as I work on her clit, no teasing, no shit, just up and down, repeatedly, same pace, same place. I can feel her rocking, sliding her whole vagina over my whole mouth, I love it, but I don't change position, she moves to my licks, so I just make sure however much she grinds, I always lick her clit with every flick and she starts to tense so hard while she pushes, her whole body shakes. Over and over, she leans on my lips pushing down to build the pressure, while I'm still flicking and bucking my tongue along her gorgeous vagina, licking and licking, straining to keep her clit free from its hood.

Then, I feel it, that tremble in her thighs, and her ass shaking and her little gasp and squeak of pleasure, "I'm cumming" she'll almost scream through her whispers then follow the moans of pure pleasure.

As she bucks and writhes, I'm not done here, I open my mouth wide and my open lips cover her vagina as I anticipate the hot clear liquid running down my cheeks, warm and slightly salty, it tastes perfect, it tastes like my girl, the taste of inside, all the things my tongue can never reach come flooding out to greet me, and I am grateful, it makes my clit tremble and I swallow as much as I can, sometimes I let it fill my mouth and run down my cheeks, it makes my heart race, like falling for her over again, like everything I've always wanted is suddenly there, and I worked for it. The feeling of it trickling past my ears makes me shiver with excitement, excitement for life, for our sex life, for her, knowing I can give her this. I'm filled with pride and lust, and love. She's my sexual perfection.