 Her breast are fully matured, soft, sensuous mounds of smooth tanned skin, that have pink areoles and low, wide nipples. Mine on the other hand are small and pert, paler in colour, with darker nipples that are forever displaying their excitement and pleasure through the thinness of my bra, blouse or tee-shirt. Of course she knows how to play with, the right spot to give a loving, exciting lick, a kiss that can bequeath an explosion of passion and sent my body in tremble of desire. She knows my body intimately, every little desire spot that it has, has been exploited, used and stroked, over the five years that we have known each other and begun this relationship, her longing to see me squirm with passion has never dwindled or died, if anything it has got progressively stronger.

We are liberated lovers, who relish the passion of consenting sexual games. A couple that embraces new ways and ideas, new toys and indulges in the everlasting quest to perfect the intimacy that we have. She is the brave seductress, the one who skilfully plays, putting her mouth, lips and tongue to good use, driving me wild as she frequently stokes the fire of passion within me. Her hands are like that of magicians, touching, teasing, probing, all over the place, gently exercising the release valve, guiding it to the climax that she wants me to have. She loves stimulation, foreplay, as much as the actual climax, she is both a giver and receiver, though I have always suspected it is the former which she enjoys the most.

She loves nothing more than to strip me down to my bare essentials and seduce me, a lover that is always there, always compliant, always willing and oh so full of desire. How she loves to taste passion, her kisses laidened with lust, potent and arousing are matched by hands that flow effortlessly over the body, skilled and majestic, touching, caressing, teasing every intimate part that my body has. A lover of sex and intercourse that is never rushed, always made into a journey of delight, an exploration of lustful excitement that grows with every passing second.

I smile as I remember the passion, the desire that she plays with, her sweet body never tiring of its exhaustive oral exercises that are bequeathed upon me. I feel my body tingle, as the thoughts come back, the sensations that she provokes within me, surge rampantly through me once more. My mind so willing to believe that she is here with me, in this room, that I can smell the enchanting odour of subtle perfume engulf and embalm me, drawing me deeper into my imaginations trickery.

Her lips press against my body, smooch against my belly, tongue teasing cavorting with the indentation of my navel, feeling its unique shape and design. I close my eyes, body continuing to shiver with excitement as her kisses grow ever more passion-filled, my flesh shimmering from the feel of her silken moist lips that press against its nakedness. I am lost in throng of the bliss, head swimming as my body is given a second to recover, but it is only a second, as the effects linger. Her tongue is dragged up the inside of my thighs, my flesh quivers with delight, I feel the warm moistness of her flesh, the trail of saliva which seems to bubble upon my leg.

Her mouth advances upwards, my body and mind are thrown into a lustful delight of expectation, awaiting for the moment when she will lovingly and passionately bequeath my sex with a sumptuous oral embrace. I can almost feel its potent force flushing through the lips of my wanting sex, as she sucks, kisses and licks all in one majestic and awe inspiring delight.

Then it comes, I feel her mouth close around the thorbbingness of my clit, a kiss that is unrushed and stoked deep in passion, a cascading wave of sensual delight surges through my form, I feel her tongue make a rampant erotic sweep against the nylon of the pantyhose that I wear and I am sent crashing into the abandonment of pure bliss. Automatically my legs widen, allowing her more access to my sex, my head is thrown back, as I feel her teeth gently clasp down upon the swollen, aching and wet lips of my sex. The abandonment of pleasure has been surpassed, excelled in one dramatic moment, my body shimmers from the effects of euphoric pleasure. I feel her hands cradle my rump. Touching, stroking the thin erotic layer of nylon that rubs so sensually against my flesh, a slight loving tug at my clit, followed by an impassioned kiss, her mouth enveloping my womanhood drawing it and the pantyhose into her oral chamber.

My back arches, my head goes back further, eyes close, breathing deep and sensual, I feel my nipples throb a little, blood rushing to them, stimulating them, letting them slowly become erect. I can not help but allow a groan of delight to escape my lips, a sound of pleasure that informs my lover her approach is perfect. Pressing deeper against my, her face to my sex, I glance down just briefly, quick enough to catch a glimpse of her face being obscured by her hair, which drapes down. My hands move towards her, cupping the sides of her head tenderly, she presses harder as her tongue and lips really begin to perform their masterpiece of sheer joyous delight.

I feel every movement her mouth makes, every swish of her tongue, clenching of her teeth, nipping and gradual eating of pussy, tongue teasing, pressing against both the pantyhose and moisten folds of my feminine lips. Instinctively my hips begin to buck, sway back and forwards, gyrating ever so slowly as the arousal of her dedication begins to pay off. Still my hands tenderly hold her head, cupping it, drawing it closer to my body so she may feast and I bask in the glory. My body yearns to feel her mouth worship every part of it, to have her tongue tease the erectness of my nipples, lips pressing against the soft, petite flesh of my breasts that now are buzzing like some out of control vibrator. My breathing is getting deeper, I feel my heart racing, my body shaking, muscles tensing within my body, she of course feels this also, her face pressed against my crotch, her hands flat against my shapely rump, occasionally stroking or giving out a meek, tender spank.

"oh my god, darling!", I muse as I feel delight sweep through me again, its getting hard now to deny myself the pleasure, her mouth is so sensual, eating all the right parts that are there to inflame and arouse the passion within a woman like me. She alters position, tapping the base of my rump cheeks, this I know she wants my legs open wider and I readily and eagerly agree with. Now she has complete and unfettered access to my feminine trove, its smooth hairless pussy stimulated and aroused behind a thin layer of nylon pantyhose that are soaked with both excitement and her lustful oral workings.

More feverish now her mouth devours my quim, tongue lashing, stroking with vengeance, nipping with her mouth as the sensations flood through me in uncontrollable measures and volumes. I feel hazy, light headed; my lower body is being ravished by a blissful provocateur who knows exactly how to extract the last drop of happiness and lust from me. She takes me to the very edge of joy, and then denies it, only to rise once more to its summit without going there completely.

She looks up at me and smiles, her face so full of colour, so intently gorgeous and exquisite in creation, full of happiness and pride to see me, her lover so close to the actual event, without achieving the climax. Drawing her face away from my crotch, which resonates internally, my body agonised by not as of yet been fully pleased to its maximum. Standing herself up, drawing level with me allowing herself to languish a loving, hard and erotic kiss upon my mouth, lips to lips, desire and passion being transferred like liquid at a transfusion. I can taste myself on her mouth, which magnifies the potency of the act, whilst my body tingles with the vibrant buzz of unspent lust, trapped and gathering momentum.

Her fingers press against the succulent, electric flesh of my breasts, caressing kneading, working them into yet more stimulated turmoil. She can feel their erectness pressing into her palms, as again we embrace, kissing more lavishly, more feverish and prolonged. My nipples are twisted, pulled and teased, rolled between thumb and finger, as a new wave of erotic delight cascades through my already ravaged and desperate body.

My body aches, head swimming, eyes heavy, legs feeling as though any second they are going to collapse, no longer able to support the weight of my body. Every touch that she bestows upon me sends a torrent of delight through me, a billion new injections of lust swarming through this ruined, lustful wreck which I have become. And what does she do, kiss, touch and smile, for as long as she can, before she knows the desire within becomes too much to contain.

Holding my hands in hers she kissed me just briefly, smiled before drawing me towards the bedroom and the luxuriant, soft bed that stood almost regally in the room. There she lays me down, naked except for the dark nylon pantyhose, she stands above me, looking down, studying the body that lays in wait, a meal of sinful pleasure all shimmering and aching, desperate to be devoured and consumed, before its liquid refreshment is released. 

She steps over me, placing one leg between mine, the other to a side, her long hair drapes downwards, brushing against my face, as we momentarily are locked in a lovers stare, eye to eye, face to face, each one staring, gazing, being entranced by the other My arms come up towards her, wrapping themselves around her naked back, she smiles, face flushed crimson in colour, eyes beaming with an intensity all their own. I feel her sex against my nylon covered leg, its warm moistness, touching, gently being rubbed against me is more provoking than ever before, on this, my body, that is hyper sensitive and utterly super charged with desire.

Gently she leans down towards me, kissing me tenderly on the cheek, her tongue swirling across, edging towards my earlobe, tongue tracing its shape, becoming familiar with it's design as her mouth soulfully embraces. Moving now to the breasts, she toys with them, drawing one nipple into her mouth, tongue darting over, swirling around the flesh, tracing its protective halo of dark flesh that leads to summit of the erectness. As my body basks in the bliss of this, I feel one of her hands skim down onto my stomach and finally under the nylon of pantyhose and into the moist, wetness of aching bud.

The shudder of delight that traverses through my body is staggering, an explosion of lust and anticipation that ignites tremors within me, alighting the blazing fires of nerve ends that tingle and buzz rampantly. I feel her finger gently trace the folds of my flesh, pressing against the warm lips of my sex, searching out the hidden erect and sensitive nub of clitoris. She looks at me, a huge, loving and tender smile on her face, eyes enchanting and alive, soft but vibrant, filled with promise of sexual delight, as still ever so slowly I can feel her sex caressing my leg.

Her face lowers itself to mine, her mouth opens, a kiss of spectacular passion, mouth enveloping mine, consuming me with raw, unbridled desire, a tongue that searches, explores and caresses all of my inner oral chamber, devouring me with loving feverish haste. My whole body is tormented, vibrantly alive with pulsing desires that continually surges through me like the effects of lingering electric shock. The effects of her kissing, sex rubbing and finger searching culminate in a wildly sexually challenge. I writher beneath her, moan into her mouth, she feels everything, the noise that escapes my mouth, echoes within her body, a shiver of delight that passes from me to her is magnified with a intensity of a hundred fold.

Does she know how close I am to that final climax?, the postponement of the pleasure that she is heaping upon me, which is crippling and oh so agonizing, both internally and externally to me. The embers of desire that for well over forty minutes which have continued to burn and expand, growing like a plague of delight infecting every single part of my anatomy. My head is swimming, senses all afloat, I feel dizzy, swirling in abyss of lust and sensual deprivation, every part of me is crying out to be fulfilled, yet still I struggle out against it, wanting to prolong that final act of fulfilment.

Her hands now grip the tops of my thighs, her face hovers above my soaking, pulsating crotch, I can feel her hot sultry breathe, it washes over and penetrates into my body, I push my back deeper into the bed, my breathing becomes more pronounced, as my eyes close, her grip tightens and face inches closer towards the treasure that awaits. Her lips push against my sex, mouth open, tongue stroking, extracting the pleasure from within me, immediately I moan, as I feel her penetrate me, her wet tongue sliding between the moist velvet of sex, searching out my clit, flicking, over it. My body begins to gyrate, a slow motion that is increased after wave upon wave of delight surges through me, all the emotions and desire that was repressed now is unleashed, like a water breaking through the gates of a damaged dam.

Sucking, licking, kissing, her mouth works its enchanting magic, hands solidly gripping my bucking thighs, pussy pressed against her, demanding more and always getting it. I feel in bliss, abandoned to the pleasure and euphoria, struggling to contain the flood of passion that waits, urges release, until no more can I deny myself the long awaited freedom. With a shrill of delight and a series of violent shudders, the orgasms tears through my body, nerve ends are more than just vibrant, they come alive pulsing with joy, relishing the sensations that are rampantly and joyously released. We are one, lovers feeding off each others desires, she a vampire of the sexual nectar, who can not ever get enough, and who always knows exactly how to extract the maximum of my passion juice from me, leaving me an exhausted but deliriously satisfied corpse that is over run by sexual abandonment.