 "Why am I even here?", Kelly wondered as she walked into the Halloween party. It looked pretty boring but she couldn't leave. She had already told the hostess, her coworker Samantha, that she would spend the night. Samantha knew Kelly loved to drink, and definitely should not be on the road later tonight. Plus, Kelly's costume was a hit! She not only looked like a man, she looked like a good looking man. Her suit was complete down to the suspenders and her makeup artist pal added a very convincing beard. People were shocked by how different Kelly looked from her normal sexy self. Between her tight little body and adorably innocent face, she drove all the men wild at her work on a daily basis. So far none of them had been successful in fucking her, but they all longed for it every day. 

At least Kelly's friend Ann was there. They always had a blast together, especially when there was plenty of alcohol. Both coworkers and best friends, Kelly and Ann were practically inseparable. Something was different tonight though. Ann was dressed in a sexy schoolgirl outfit, with her long brown hair in pigtails. She had on a short button down white shirt, tied in a knot in the front, exposing her flat tan stomach. It was unbuttoned almost all the way down, with her black lacy bra exposed and her cleavage looked positively delicious. Her short plaid skirt almost showed her little round ass. Her thigh high white stockings and sexy heels were the cherries on top. Kelly had never thought of Ann in a naughty way before, though of course she realized how beautiful she is. Anybody could see that Ann was a perfect 10. While Kelly was blond haired blue eyed beauty, Ann was more exotic with dark eyes and golden brown skin. She certainly looked good enough to eat tonight.

The party was pretty lame alright, but Ann and Kelly hardly noticed. The shots never stopped, and before long they were totally smashed. The more Kelly stared at the top of Ann's pretty little titties, the hornier she found herself. She yawned and stretched until Samantha took them the room they would sleep in. It wasn't unusual for the girls to pass out together, it had always been totally innocent. 

They crashed on the bed in their costumes, it seemed like a lot of trouble to take them off. As she started to doze off , thinking about Ann's hot body, she felt her friend moving closer in the bed. She thought it she may be imagining things because she was totally drunk. However, when she felt Ann lips on hers, she knew it was real. Before she knew it, Ann had her tongue all the way down her throat. Her pussy instantly wet and throbbing, Kelly decided to take charge. After all, she was the man. She grabbed Ann's chin and kissed her hard and deep. Her hand couldn't resist the beautiful breasts she had been staring at all night. She unsnapped Ann's bra and looked at her lovely chest. Ann's tits weren't large but they were a perfect handful, as Kelly soon found out. With the perky little nipples and perfect shape, Kelly was in love. She sucked one of Ann's nipples while working the other over with her fingers. Ann was moaning already and Kelly could tell this was going to be fun. She remembered that Sam and her husband were swingers and proud of it. Sam often talked about the variety of toys they kept in the spare bedroom for when their special friends came over. Ann looked in the closet and found just what she was looking for, a strap-on dick still in the plastic wrapper. She told Ann she would be right back and went to the bathroom, despite Ann's whines and moans that she wanted to fuck. Kelly put the strap-on underneath the suit pants of her costume. 

Once back in the room, she took total charge. She was totally involved in the characters they were playing. She was the dirty man taking the innocent little sex kitten. She got on top of Ann and kissed her long and deep, grinding her new dick into Ann's pussy through her clothes. Ann shrieked with delight when she realized what Kelly had in mind. She rubbed the hard cock through the pants just as though it were real. Kelly sat up and next to Ann, ripping off her little white shirt. Of course she had to suck on those nice little tits some more, while her hand caressed Ann's thigh. As her fingers moved up her leg, Ann was moaning and shaking in anticipation. When Kelly's hands reached Ann's little black lace thong she couldn't believe how wet her friend was. Her pretty shaved pussy was soaking. Ann started to take off her skirt and Kelly stopped her. She slipped the little thong down Ann's legs, leaving the thigh highs and heels on. Before Ann knew what hit her, Kelly's head was under her skirt. Kelly had never tasted pussy juice before and she loved it. She knew just how to gently flick Ann's clit while rubbing the outside of her pussy lips with her fingertips. She waited until Ann was begging for it, then let her finger slip inside her tight little pussy. Though Kelly had very small hands, she fingerfucked Ann just as hard as she could. Ann was bucking against her finger, moaning and groaning until she finally came. 

Kelly decided Ann needed a good fucking from her new hard cock. She turned Ann over on her stomach so she could she her tits in the giant mirror on the wall behind the bed. She whipped her dick out and rubbed it up and down Ann's pussy. Finally she slowly stuck her cock in her friends cunt. Kelly could see Ann's expression of ecstasy in the mirror and fucked her nice and hard. The sight of Ann's tits bouncing up and down was absolutely scrumptious. When Kelly tired of fucking her bff doggy style, she turned her over on her back. They both watched as Kelly stuck the plastic cock all the way inside Ann's pussy. Kelly pumped harder and harder while playing with her buddies rock hard nipples until she could feel Ann cumming again. Kelly took out her member and went between Ann's legs to lick every last drop of her friend's delicious cum. Then she rubbed her fingers over Ann's soaking pussy to get them nice and wet. She ran her fingers around and around Ann's tight little virgin asshole. Ann made it clear with her moans that she was ready to be ass fucked. Kelly slowly slid the cock in, stretching Ann's ass very gently. It must have felt great because her friend pushed her asshole into the dildo...taking the whole thing!! Kelly then slammed the cock into Ann's twat again, until the slutty little school girl came over and over again, screaming Kelly's name. 

"Now it's your turn," Ann stated matter of factly. "Take off that costume and make yourself look like the sexy bitch I want to fuck every day." Kelly was shocked to hear this, she didn't think Ann was having those kind of thoughts. It turned her on more than she ever could have imagined. She wasn't moving fast enough for her horny friend, so Ann ripped her suit off for her. Then she slipped off her own outfit, growing tired of her skirt and stockings. Kelly regretted that she hadn't fucked Ann like this, with her totally naked. Her body really was a work of art. Hopefully she'd have the chance..

Ann took the strap-on off Kelly and put it on herself. She sucked Kelly's large tits, thoroughly enjoying her little pink nipples. Kelly's breasts were unusually large for a girl of her small frame, and they were natural. Suddenly, Ann had an idea. She moved up until she was had the cock nestled between Kelly's mounds. She fucked the shit out of her tits, while watching it all in the mirror. Next, Ann got on her back. "Get on this dick and ride me...NOW!" Kelly certainly wasn't going to argue. She mounted her friend and centered herself over the dick. Her pussy was so wet she had no problem getting the large member inside. She rode her friend like a bull, hanging on for dear life. She fucked so hard it was a little bit painful but felt sooo good. She bounced frantically, then sat and rolled her hips round and round. After she came , Ann grabbed her waist and gently pushed her off the fake cock. She pushed Kelly's head down to the strap-on so she could taste her own pussy juice. After it was all clean, they cuddled together naked. They both feel asleep, totally exhausted and satisfied. 

The next morning, Ann and Kelly didn't talk about their fun night. They didn't have to, because they were both now addicted to each other. They were now more than friends and would fuck as much as possible. It just so happened that Kelly was looking for a new apartment and Ann had an extra bedroom...

Without saying a word, Ann walked over and put a $50 in the closet where they had taken the toy. Kelly put the strap on in her overnight bag. Thank goodness for this party, they may never have known how explosive their sex would be. The girls lived happily ever after, fucking each other every single day.