 Well it's Monday and that means there's a party tonight that Shade and I are going to. One teensie detail: I have no damn clue what it's about. Nor could I get anyone to tell me – not even Stacy. Yes, I was a little annoyed she wouldn't tell me.

The oddest damn thing happened that morning. Kelly came into my office and closed the door. It wasn't very long ago that meant ... oh never mind. "Destiny I have someone I'd like you to meet when you come back from your trip." What on earth? Everyone knows about the party and the trip? "I don't want you to worry, okay. There's no rush and there's probably be a lot to do between now and when you leave. So lunch can wait till after. But can we set a date so I can make arrangements with this person?" Annoying! No hurry right? The date agreed to was Wednesday November 28th. "Please don't be upset. I'm so looking forward to tonight. I've been putting aside a little bit each paycheck for a while so I have plenty to spend. I'm so excited." She was; I could see it in her eyes. And the kiss was, um, a tell. Wink!

Shade surprised me by coming to my office about 4:30. She locked the door, kissed me and asked me to lift my skirt. Hmm. She kissed me and slid her hand to my pussy. We both agreed that not wearing panties was better than what I had been wearing. There was a glimmer in her eye when she had mentioned that the order would be here soon. Her fingers slipped something into me. Smooth and round, it filled me up. I screamed into her mouth when it vibrated inside me. I tried to pull away. She held me close, smiling. You bitch, what have you done to me? Oh lord it feels so good. Oh my god I'm gonna cum!! The buzz died down to a low hum. I moaned.

"Do you like your new toy lover? It'll make for a fun night tonight. I know I'll enjoy it." She turned the damn thing up again. I put my hand on her shoulder. I know she's going to make me wear it at the most inopportune times – for me. "I'm going to enjoy teasing you when I want you to wear it. I'll have fun picking my spots. Do you want to cum?"

Not in my office! "Oh my god yes Shade."

She led me to the couch and sat down. "You don't mind taking a trip in the way back machine do you? This time you can use your fingers to get yourself off." She had lifted her skirt. I didn't care what it was. I just needed to explode. Besides, I love her. You may wonder why I wasn't furious. I haven't shared everything kids. You'd laugh if I told you some of the places we'd played. Well, maybe not. Wink!

When it hit me, I screamed. I wanted to take her up and away in a big ass hurry and keep the party going as long as possible. It rocketed through me like white hot lightning. Shade bucked on the couch under the combination of my other hand and my mouth. We'd done a lot together but it still mystifies me how she can lock her legs behind my head and arch her back so damn high. Oh wait! How come I never noticed those heels digging into my back before? Fuck!! She forgot to take off her shoes. Those heels! It hurts. She turned up the egg again!! What pain? Oh god, here comes another one!!

Shade sagged, panting; I lay with my head in her lap. She'd turned the blessed invader off. "What time do we have to be at Daisy's Shade?"

"Huh? Oh, around 7:15 should do. The party starts at 7 pm. You want to keep the egg in during the party don't you Destiny?" No of course not. I have no idea who is going to be there. Well some idea.

"Of course." Honey!! Angel, what can I say? You rock dyke! Angel, tell me the truth. Can it be bad if it's this good? Have a good night dear. "You're going to put me through hell in front of I don't even know who." Shade snickered. "I thought so. I hate you and love it. How can that be?"

"Destiny, you and I are in a very different place together. But I can still help you expand your horizons; open your eyes to unknown pleasures. I certainly wouldn't do anything to the woman I love to hurt or humiliate her. I will help show you things that you haven't experienced before." She smiled, slipped her fingers through my hair as she kissed me, and whispered, "Just remember that tonight lover. I do love you. I'm proud to have you by my side, to have people know we're a couple." She blinked away tears. "I adore calling you my Destiny."

I smiled and tilted my head to her forehead. "I love that I am ... your Destiny." Shade got the meaning of the pause.

Both of the girls had left for the night when we left. Shade locked the door behind us. Apparently Shade had spoken with Kim about tonight because she had dinner ready when we got home. Shade and I kicked off our shoes. I poured us both a glass of wine and sat down to a really fabulous meal. Kim smiled when I complimented her. She looked at me with big eyes when I stiffened. Goddamn you Shade! I gripped the chair with my hands as it buzzed. Shade smiled serenely at Kim's curious eyes. She dialed it down to a lovely throb.

There was amusement in her voice when she spoke. "Destiny's just vibrating with excitement about the party. Aren't you lover?" She dialed it up.

"Sure am," I gasped. Kim looked at me, concerned and puzzled. I tried to get my face to cooperate with a smile. I have to find a way to get even.

We lay together on the bed cuddling. I asked Shade if we could as we were undressing. It was hot and steamy this afternoon and I needed to feel the comfort of her next to me before tonight. She had tears when I told her exactly that.

"I never in my wildest dreams thought you would ever be able to say that Destiny." I smiled. "I guess maybe somewhere I'd hoped. I always pushed it away." She kissed me so sweetly. No, we didn't make love. There wasn't time. But it really was a lovely, intimate moment. She suggested a shower and laughed that I pouted when she wouldn't join me.

I stopped short when I came out of the bathroom. Shade was sitting in the wing chair smiling. I looked at her. On the bed was a camisole, matching g-string and stockings. All red, all mesh. What the fuck!

"You've heard of lingerie and toy parties right lover?" Kokomo? Me? Huh? "Well this one is gonna have both." Do what? "Oh don't look at me like that! That outfit is going to be absolutely stunning on you. I can't wait to see it on you." Well, if the look in her eyes is any indication ... I shrugged. I did the thigh highs, slipped the camisole over my shoulders and pulled it down, and, after pulling the g-string up over my thighs, stood and put it in place.

"Shade, women my age do not wear thongs!! Least this one doesn't." Oh my god. "You better not have included thongs in that ... stuff you ordered." I spluttered and stuttered thinking of the right word. 'Stuff' was the best I could come up with. Shade had her hands over her mouth hiding her laughter. I turned and walked to the mirror. Well now! Miss almost thirty nine looks pretty damn hot in this ridiculous shit. The solid band at the top of the thigh highs was mirrored at the bottom of the camisole. The thinnest of spaghetti straps held up the bodice. The girls look fabulous! Crap. I was way too pale. Well, this vacation will fix that!

"Shade wherever we're going I need boat loads of SPF 200." She laughed. "I need a tan but I don't want to burn."

She stood, walked to me and said, "You are so damn cute. SPF 200! Oh that'll make for some laughs tonight." What? "We're gonna have five days." She counted off the days on her fingers. "Five glorious days of sun and fun." She leaned in, kissed me and purred, "I so can't wait lover. Come on you. Party time!" I wore the raincoat! She wore one as well.

I had on my Wonder Woman clear plastic painted red booties. It was Shade's idea; not a bad one actually. She wanted me to wear heels. I pitched a fit. Yes I'd gotten used to them over the months. But I had a feeling I'd be changing into and out of a lot of outfits and I didn't want to worry about shoes. Shade reluctantly agreed. She never did tell me who was hosting the party. I knew why when we walked in and Dorothy said, "Oh, here's tonight's model! Hello Shade, hello ... Destiny." I looked at Shade, who acted as if I was invisible, staring at something on the wall. I so hate you! UGH!

I unbuttoned my raincoat and handed it to Shade. "And here's our first outfit of the night." Asshole went into detail about what I was wearing. Fuck it. I went into model mode, posing, walking with hands on hips, one foot in front of the other, shoulders back, turning on a dime. Everything you ever saw on MTV or whatever. I turned to ice when I saw April. She had the cutest smile on her face. God love her. She had her eyes locked on mine. I gave her the biggest smile in return before I turned. Kim held out the next outfit. I hurried to the ladies room to change. This had been outlined on the ride over. As I was changing 'Dotty' would give details on a toy.

Let me say this about Monday night. I really did have a blast. I just gave in to the inevitable and had fun. I got to show myself off. There were hoots, hollers, whistles and screams (at some of them). It was fun! You already know the office was there. The sun screens were down to keep wandering eyes from wandering. The door was locked. I'm not giving you a roster of who was there. It was lengthy. Nor will I run down every outfit. It went three hours. Yes, three hours!! The women wouldn't let it end. I was exhausted, Dotty was exhausted, her repertoire of outfits (and toys) was exhausted. It was the only thing that put an end to the show. I will give some specifics. They're the ones that give me the giggles.

The 'Hottie Thong Set' was a crowd pleaser. Available in red and black, a barely there front with two adjustable straps attached to garters (stockings included). The back had a bow. Kim insisted I wear it without a top. The women screamed in delight. What the hell. I cuddled the girls and told everyone their names. You should have heard the laughs. I caught Connie's eyes after that one. She had the biggest grin on her face and oh my, her eyes were dusky!

I've saved the best for last. Well, the crowd thought it was the best. I'm going to do my best to describe it in detail. Dotty called it a teddy. Ha! I stepped into it, pulled it up, tied the strap at my neck and hooked the clasp at the middle of my back. The outfit not only showed off the girls but they were highlighted even more by the silver ring accents that were everywhere on the fringes of the material. (I wasn't sure if it was leather or vinyl.) The girls weren't the only thing exposed. Yuh huh, pussy was as well. Now these weren't included in the price of the 'teddy' but I wore black 'liquid' onyx fingerless gloves with a finger loop as well as shiny black boots that came more than halfway up my thighs. I have no idea how much the individual items were, let alone all three, but Shade told me that Dotty told her nearly everyone who bought the teddy bought all three!! Santa is gonna leave more than cookies and milk this holiday season kiddies!!

Shade, of course, was in heaven. She stopped with the egg ... that's how much she enjoyed herself and enjoyed her honey being the object of attention of so many lusty, boisterous women. The toy that was displayed before I came out in the teddy was a soft plastic, double-headed dildo. Pretty much like the one Lisa, um, had taken me with. Shade made a point, naturally, of asking me if I liked it. The women ooh'd and ahh'd and way more! The catcalls were both hysterical and so beyond obscene the dudes reading wouldn't believe it. Women are snickering at what they just read! Anyway, I remembered what Lisa had done to me and nodded. I was a little worried that Shade would have me give a demonstration of how it was used. Stacy's eyes were furious when I caught them. I know lover. I'm really okay with it all. I smiled.

After the teddy Dotty had the most curious little item. It was a plastic wheel thing. Think teeny tiny Ferris wheel with adjustable speeds. Dotty called it a squealer I think. She turned it on and handed it to me with a gleam in her eye. You fucking bitch! I looked at Shade with anger in my eyes. She nodded but her eyes pleaded. Then watch me lover!! I put it on my pearl and squealed. No tongue can ever do what this glorious devil can do. Trust me! My legs have shaken to the point I've had to push Shade's hand away!! And her me. How did that get into my story? My devil angel (Shade) whispered in my ear. I liked it. Night!!

I'm sure you know I'm writing this a while after the fact. Right? Good. The morning after I wrote about it Shade told me what I didn't know. I had gone to put on my raincoat and accept kisses, hugs, and more from so many who were there that I knew. Stacy stood in the background. I loved her with my eyes. Olivia was so effusive. I know she dialed down her kiss. Wink! Daisy was so damn funny! She wanted to do another one next month before Christmas. Oh I bet you do honey! Must have made her month that night! Her kiss pretty much confirmed it! How sweet. April was very shy saying goodnight. So shy that she slipped me a piece of paper with her name and phone number. Connie? She kissed me. She didn't say very much. Well, her eyes did. And her hands cradled my face before and after her kiss. I would go through the list but, honest to god, there had to be more than thirty women there!!! Shade told me that she spoken to Dotty before we left about paying her for every single lingerie item I'd worn and both the toys I liked. Apparently Dotty told her (several days later) that she made enough money that all Shade had to pay for was the toys!!! Imagine that!

The next morning, well actually all day Tuesday, was a riot. Not only were Stacy and Kelly there but several of the others were in and out. Everyone was buzzing about the night. I was actually kind of surprised (and pleased) that several were jealous of me being the model! They asked and I told them I'd had a blast. Meaghan asked (more on her in a little bit) if I'd ever done anything like that before. Stacy laughed so damn hard. Of course I told her no. It turns out Kelly wasn't the only one who'd been saving up for the night. Christy told us she had as well. Kelly asked me what the night was like when we finally got home. Stacy punched her in the arm for being so nosy. I just laughed.

"Do you have any idea how much makeup I have on to cover the dark circles under my eyes?" Just that little bit sent everyone into hysterics. I blushed. What else could I do?

"Oh good, then I wasn't the only one who got to sleep really late." Without naming names that was a common sentiment voiced by those who had someone with whom they shared a bed. Stacy came into my office and closed the door. After we kissed I lay my head on her shoulder.

"You really are tired huh?"

"I really am. It was loads of fun; don't get me wrong. But it was three hours of nearly non-stop changing, posing and the rest. Then, after ... my god it was late. I don't even have the foggiest when we finally got to sleep." She asked me if I wanted to go out for lunch. Yeah, it would be nice to get out a little. Stacy was quiet at lunch, fiddling with her salad.

"What's the matter honey? You're not yourself today? Something wrong?"

She shrugged. "I'm lonely. Matt's been gone a while." Oh, she's horny. Hmm. "I had a babysitter last night so I could go to the party." She looked at me. "I didn't want to go ya know." I guess. It must have been hard seeing everyone so excited and know you had no one to go home to. "I'm gonna miss you so damn much. I know we're doing the right thing, Destiny, but ..." She shook her head. Geez, she really does ... does what? Love me? Oh dear god. "It's hard for me seeing you and Shade so happy together." She looked up at me. "That's really selfish of me to say but I'm being honest." I put my hand on hers. I think I understood; at least I was trying to. "I want you all to myself but I know that's not possible being with Matty." Lordie this must be hard for her.

"Do you have any idea about when you might move?" She had tears in her eyes.

"I think it's going to be over the Christmas holidays. We've had some interest in the house." She shook her head. "The realtor has had me working like a dog cleaning the house, putting stuff in boxes, taking the clutter out of rooms. Its okay, all that stuff is going to Jersey anyway, but damn it's a lot of work. Then there's here and the kids and no one to help with it all." The tears started as she talked. I felt so bad for her!

"I can come help with some of it." She looked at me. I nodded. "Why not? We leave a week from today but Shade tells me Kim's in charge of buying my swimwear and stuff for the trip." Stacy laughed. "What?"

"You're letting Shade be in charge of your clothing for the trip? Oh my god!"

"Um, I guess I never gave it much thought. Should I be worried? What about?" She fell into fits of giggles. I felt silly, like she knew something I didn't. "Come on you, out with it."

"Hey, I don't know. You're her lover; you're the one living with her. You know Shade always has something up her sleeve." Aw geez. She's right!

I looked at my friend. Oh what the heck! "What if I come home with you after work. We can do some cleaning, have dinner with the kids, and I can spend the night. What do you think?"

Stacy's jaw dropped. She was dumbstruck. "Are you kidding? Do you honestly think Shade will let that happen?

"Honestly? I'm not sure. She does know I want to see you one more time before you leave." She looked at me in disbelief. "No really! When we had it out about us being together I told her I wanted to be with you. She knows; she's okay with it. I can't go into detail but it's true! What do you think?"

She started to cry again. "I think I love you and I'd love to have you be with me and spend the night Destiny. It's maybe the sweetest, nicest thing anyone's ever done for me in my life." She looked sheepish as she said, "I hate to have to say this with the offer you just made. We do have to get you out of the house early in the morning before the kids wake up. I'm sorry." I smiled and nodded. "But Matt just can't know."

"Sweetie, please. Let me call Shade and let her know. Actually, let's get back to the office. I think I better do this with the door closed. Just in case!" Stacy nodded; we tossed our stuff in the garbage and headed back. It's such a shame that we couldn't hold hands ... but she's married. I really didn't think Shade would make a stink. Shocked? Yes. However, I felt that once I explained the circumstances she'd understand. It might 'cost' me. I smirked as I typed that.

Shade didn't want to talk about anything but last night. She made me tell her everything. She laughed when I told her that more than Kelly and Stacy had come in and that last night was all they wanted to talk about. "I've had so many calls and texts today it's a wonder I've been able to get anything done. Daisy is pestering me to have another one next month." We laughed about that. Hmm. "What was it you wanted to ask me lover?"

"Where are you Shade? Are you driving?" Silence.

"Why? What is it you want to ask me? I'm pulling off to the curb." Silence for a bit, then, "Okay, let me turn the engine off, then ask me your question."

"Shade, Stacy and I had lunch. She's so lonely. Matt is in New Jersey, she's trying to get the house sold, work, and take care of her kids. She had a great time last night." Deep breath. "I want to go with her after work, help her clean, have dinner with the kids and spend the night. I wanted to talk to you first and let you know. This isn't exactly what I thought of when I said I wanted to see her before she leaves. But I really want to do this." The silence went on for what seemed like ages.
