 Chapter 14 -- Film School

The phone rang on Saturday morning, waking me. I was being a bum, sleeping in. It was after 10am and I hadn't moved. I was tempted to not answer, but common sense got the better of me.

"Hello," I said as I picked up the receiver.

"I need you here at my house by noon," Leslie greeted me with an urgent tone in her voice.

"Ok, are you alright," I asked.

"I'm fine, but Mindy is out of her mind," she answered. "Just be here at 12."

She hung up. She really sounded frantic. I wondered what in the hell could be going on with Mindy. I got out of bed and the thought consumed my mind as I showered and shaved. I got dressed and had a small bite to eat before heading out to Leslie's.

I parked in the driveway and walked to the front door. Before I could ring the bell the door flew open and Leslie stormed past me angrily.

"What's going on," I inquired as the stomped around the front yard.

"Would you please go in there and talk some fucking sense into those two girls," she requested.

I entered the house and heard giggles coming from the dining room. I made my way through the kitchen and found Mindy and Penny sitting at the dining room table. I turned around and went back into the kitchen. To my delight, there was a fresh pot of coffee made and I poured myself a cup. I then went back into the dining room, where they were still giggling like school girls. I seated myself at the table across from them.

"Would one of you like to let me in on what is happening here today," I solicited.

"I sure would," Mindy answered. "Were making a movie and you are the cameraman."

"Oh really," I pondered. "Tell me more."

"Brad cheated on her and dumper her last night," Leslie said from behind me. I had not heard her come into the room. "So she wants to make a revenge video to torment him."

"And I am supposed to film this video," I repeated.

"That is little miss know-it-all's grand plan," Leslie fired back.

"So what, is Penny the 'creative advisor'," I joked.

"No way, I'm the co-star," Penny interjected.

"Now you can see why this is a bad idea," Leslie stated.

I have to admit, the thought of Mindy and Penny together was hot, but why send that to Brad after he was such a creep. I needed more information.

"Mindy, why do you want to do this," I asked her plainly.

"I want to hurt him, like he hurt me," she answered honestly. "I want him to know what he missed out on. I want him to understand that I am the hottest girl he is ever gonna get and that little slut can't hold a candle to me."

"I get it, you are angry and upset," I admitted. "But think of the big picture here. Once he has this video, he can post it on the internet or share it with friends or use it for his own masturbation material."

"I am not ashamed of my sexuality or my body," Mindy protested.

"That's my fault," Leslie took responsibility.

"This isn't about pride or blame or confidence," I reiterated. "This is about being smart. And we are a table of smart people so let's think about this for a minute."

"Fuck that," Mindy yelled. "We are making this video and I am gonna burn his ass."

"No you are not," Leslie yelled back. "It's time to be responsible and smart, not pigheaded and vindictive."

They continued to argue over the status of the project for a moment while I thought. I looked over at Penny who was sitting quietly now. She caught my stare and just shrugged her shoulders. I had a thought.

"I have an idea," I interrupted their yelling. "How about a deal?"

"What kind of deal," Mindy inquired.

"Be careful where you take this," Leslie warned me.

"Here is my proposal," I began. "We make the video today, but I will keep it. Everyone can take some time to think about it after it's done and you both regroup. If Leslie decides that she can live with you giving it to Brad, you can do it right before you leave for school. If you decide you don't want to give it him, I will destroy the disk. Does that sound fair?"

"That's not bad," Leslie acknowledged. "One question, what if neither of us changes our mind and we are still at an impasse."

"Well, that's the trick, isn't it," I said. "I am sure, that by the time Mindy leaves for school we can resolve this and it won't come to that."

"I will agree to that deal," Mindy declared.

We all looked at Leslie.

"I agree on one condition," Leslie clarified. "Penny keeps the disk, not you."

"Done," I conceded.

"Ok, you girls go up to my room and get ready," Leslie instructed. "You wait here and I will get you the camera."

I sat there and sipped my coffee as all three ladies headed through the kitchen and up the stairs. My thoughts of the video we were about to make consumed me and I began getting aroused. I finished my coffee and put the cup in the sink. I waited in the kitchen, standing against the counter, for Leslie to return with the camera.

After about 10 minutes of being alone with my thoughts, Leslie returned, camera in hand. She walked me through a small tutorial on how to use it and gave me a brand new disk to record on. When she was done, she looked relieved.

"That was a good idea you came up with," she sighed. "Thank you."

"I was just trying to be useful," I replied modestly.

"You did a hell of a job," she complimented. "For today, you will film only. Mindy will direct and you and Penny will follow her lead."

"What about you," I asked.

"I am leaving," she revealed. "Give the disk to Penny before you leave."

She kissed me on the cheek and turned away. She walked out the door and I heard her car start. This was one of those moments where I wondered if things would be different if there were no game. I snapped back to reality. With the camera in hand, I headed upstairs.

I knocked on Leslie's bedroom door, which was slightly ajar. There was no response so I entered the room. I did not see either of the ladies and the bathroom door was shut, so I naturally assumed that they were in there.

A few moments later, the bathroom door opened and both Penny and Mindy emerged. They were both wearing short silk bathrobes; Mindy's was tan with a floral pattern while Penny's was maroon. They both looked great. I raised the camera to begin filming, but Mindy waived her hand for me not to start yet.

"Let me tell you how this is going to go," she said. "I am going to go back into the bathroom. You will begin filming when I open the door. Penny will be out of frame, waiting for me on the bed. I will be the only one speaking during this video and you will be keeping the camera on my face mostly. Got it."

I nodded. Penny then moved behind me and dropped her robe. Her body was flawless as she stood there in the nude. I loved seeing her body. Mindy went back into the bathroom and shut the door. I raised the camera and was ready to shoot.

The door to the bathroom opened and I pressed the record button the camera. Mindy come into view, still wearing her bathrobe.

"Hi Bradley," she began talking to the camera.

She undid the belt on her robe and opened it. She let it fall back off her shoulders to the floor. Her body was awesome. Her tits were small and perky with average size pink nipples. Her stomach was flat and led into a thin strip of hair that was as blond as the hair on her head. I was rock hard in my pants filming her standing there.

"Remember this body Brad? You know that little bitch you're screwing doesn't have this body."

She took a few steps towards the bed.

"Too bad, you won't get to have this body again. And it only gets better."

She took several more steps across the floor, never taking her eyes off the camera.

"There are so many other things you will also never have, Brad."

She moved to the bed and sat down. Penny was already lying on the bed and Mindy leaned down and kissed her on the lips.

"This is my friend Penny. You could have had her too, Brad."

Wow was she really laying it on thick to sting this kid. She leaned down again and locked lips with Penny passionately. Their tongues danced in each other's mouths and I was in complete awe. I knew fluid was leaking in my pants.

Mindy leaned back and spread her legs. Her pussy was gorgeous on camera. Penny dove in and began kissing her inner thighs. Mindy sighed and closed her eyes. I kept the camera on her face, for the most part, as she had instructed.

"You could have been part of this, Brad."

Penny had begun licking her pussy feverishly. I watched Penny's head maneuver between Mindy's legs and I felt like I was bursting through my jeans. I wanted to fuck both of them, right now. I had to calm down. Mindy licked her lips as Penny devoured her sweet spot.

"You never ate me this good, Brad."

Mindy shivered slightly and moaned as Penny chewed on her box. I watched in delight and distress. I wondered if I would actually explode in my pants without being touched. I had a feeling they were going to try to force that to happen.

"Here I cum, Brad."

The camera loved Mindy's face as she twitched and squirmed on the bed. Penny was buried between her legs and Mindy had her hands in Penny's hair, guiding her around her snatch.

"Ohhhhh, my god. FUCK."

Mindy was breathing heavy and opened her eyes. She looked at the camera.

"I never came like that with you, Brad."

Penny then rose from between Mindy's legs and kissed her full on the mouth. They made out sloppily for several minutes before Mindy pulled away to address the camera again.

"I taste good, Brad. Do you miss it?"

Mindy whispered something into her ear and Penny reached over and opened the top drawer on Leslie's nightstand. She withdrew something and closed the drawer. Penny then leaned back and showed me and the camera that what she was holding was a strap on cock. I almost fainted as I filmed.

Penny slid the strap-on over her legs and snapped it into place around her waist. She spit on the plastic, flesh-colored rod and rubbed the spit in with her hand. The plastic piece was at least 8 inches long and 3 across. It was rather impressive. Mindy got on all fours and allowed Penny to position herself behind her.

"Don't you wish that was your cock, Brad?"

Penny pushed the plastic pole into Mindy's box from behind and Mindy jumped slightly from the girth. Penny began to pump into Mindy's pussy from behind. Mindy gasped from the toy rod.

"Oh my, your cock never felt this good, Brad. Of course, it wasn't nearly this big."

Penny was fucking Mindy at a furious pace and Mindy quickly began to peak. Her tiny tits were bouncing furiously as Penny plowed her gash.

"I am cumming again, Brad. You never made me cum twice."

Mindy screamed loudly as her orgasm consumed her. She closed her eyes and was grinding her teeth as another wave of her climax overcame her. She opened her eyes and grunted as Penny plowed her with the fake dick. Her eyes rolled back into her head slightly as Penny pounded her.

Penny finally slowed down and removed the strap-on from Mindy's twat. Mindy turned around and began sucking on the plastic cock. She looked up at the camera again.

"I really do taste good, Brad. You should have licked my pussy more. You knew I was a whore and that I liked it. Now you won't ever get to do it again."

Mindy slid the strap-on off of Penny and put it on herself. She snapped the toy in place and stroked it lightly with her hand. Penny climbed up on all fours and Mindy positioned herself behind her.

"I know you wish this was your cock now, Brad. Because that means you would have gotten to fuck us both today. Too bad, Brad."

Mindy thrusted the plastic member into Penny's pussy. I knew how good that felt and I wished it was my cock plunging into Penny. I was stiff as steel in my pants and I am sure covered in precum. Penny's eyes widened as Mindy entered her. She gasped.

"I don't think you would have made her feel this good, Brad."

Mindy rammed the replica cock into Penny's box with blunt force. Penny was grunting and moaning loudly as Mindy's pace was furious. Penny panted and huffed as Mindy destroyed her vagina. Mindy fucked Penny as if she were hurting Brad with every plunge inside.

"I'm gonna make her cum, Brad. You couldn't do that."

Penny bit her bottom lip and let out a monster scream as Mindy demolished her opening with the strap-on. Mindy rocked harder and harder into Penny until Penny screamed again and began to spasm uncontrollably.

Mindy with drew the plastic rod and took it off. She dropped it on the floor and walked towards the camera.

"Sorry, Brad. Your loss."

She put her hand over the lens to black it out and I stopped recording. I lowered the camera and looked at her.

"Your cock has to be like cement right now," Mindy giggled at me. "Want me to take care of it for you?"

"You can't," I informed her. "Leslie's rules."

"I told you I would have you," she reminded. "And I will. It doesn't have to be today."

She walked past me into the bathroom. I looked at Penny who was still lying face down on the bed. She rolled over onto her back and looked at me. I put the camera on Leslie's night stand and removed the disk. I placed it in Penny's hand and headed for the door. 

Holy shit. Things were getting nuts again. I headed down the stairs and out the front door. Leslie was sitting on the front steps with a beer in her hand. I did not hear her car return and was unsure of how long she had been back at the house. I walked past her and headed for my car.

"How good was it," she called from behind me.

"Do whatever you have to do to ensure Brad never sees that tape," I replied loudly, without turning around to face her due to the massive mountain in my pants.

I got in my car and headed home.