 Barbara had begun her career doing landscapes and portraits that although excellent proved to have a limited market. It was not the money that drove her creativity but a belief she held that she was brilliant enough to enjoy a successful living that was managed by her own worth as an artist and not by the dictates of another. For Barbara it was detrimental to everything that she could prove to her husband that she could operate independently without him, that she did not need the trappings of his wealth but could provide stability of her own. This she hoped would be more of a threat to him than any other she could give, that if he did not give her more of his time and affection then she was in a position to leave him and still maintain a comfortable life for herself.

By chance she had discovered that what she excelled in was anatomy and erotic art and was shocked at how well it sold. Not just locally, but all over the world there was a demand for her work from collectors who adored the way she could capture the ferocity of the sexual human animal onto canvas. Barbara was flattered by the attention her paintings received, especially from other artists who admired the sensual way in which she celebrated the naked human form.

She had spent the day in the airy confinement of her studio where she busied herself completing an anatomical detail of her own clitoris that had taken many weeks of discipline to perfect, such was the intricate form of the subject. It was an extremely graphic image and Barbara had found it a challenge to translate the vibrancy of the part and the light and shade of the smooth folds of pink skin that held within it's fleshy lips the small bud of pleasure that she so frequently serviced.

But her persistence had been rewarded as she had captured perfectly the glistening textures of her lubricated gland. Her hand rested at the top of the bushy mound, her fingers pulling wide open the moist lips of her sex, presenting the insides of her wet pussy to all who would look upon the erotic portrait.

To achieve this Barbara had sat naked upon a stool and had positioned a mirror between her open thighs so as to view with great clarity her most sensual part. Where she had found most difficulty was in maintaining her concentration on the work, as the image of her naked self with one hand touching her sex had aroused her persistently to the point where she had to masturbate vigorously so as to restore her attention to the task. In fact it was this that delayed her more so than the difficulty in capturing the dexterity and textures of her female organ, though once suitably relived she was able to work for another hour or two until her libido was once again ripe with desire from her own reflection.

Barbara stared at the painting a moment longer, tracing a finger along the image of her jewel to where her entrance lay, and thought of the many pleasures it had given her. Then she turned her attentions to another painting of herself. Though not graphic in any way it was an equally sensual self-portrait that Joanna was extremely fond of. 

In the privacy of her studio she had taken a series of photographs of herself in a state of undress and had used these as the inspiration for her work. One such image showed Barbara on her knees with her back to the camera, naked but for a black scarf draped casually upon her voluptuous bottom. It was this she had carefully interpreted onto paper and had taken great care not to lose in translation the sensual pout of her mouth or the erotic ambience of the original that suggested a provocative sexuality. 

Suddenly a flush of desire washed over her as she looked at these images and for a moment she was going to relive herself there and then on the studio floor. But she was disturbed by a knock at the door. Barbara knew it would be her friend Rachel so took her hand from out of her knickers and beckoned her inside.

Rachel lived in the opposite apartment and was soon to be married to the man she loved. She had arranged for Barbara to paint a naked portrait of herself, that she would then frame and give to her husband-to-be as a token of her love. This afternoon she was to pose for Barbara for the first time, although she had often acted unknowingly as a muse of sorts for her talented friend.

Rachel was in her very early twenties and Barbara thought of such ravishing beauty that when she painted she was often inspired by the stunning looks of her dark skinned temptress. She moved with a naive sexuality that suggested innocence, but that in fact betrayed her voracious appetite for sex.

At times when she had felt horny and alone and the dark cloud of frustration was upon her, Barbara had often considered seducing the pretty young Italian girl and taking her as a lover. But she had thus far resisted the temptation despite the obvious spark between them as she had not wanted to upset the relationship they enjoyed until she was sure her seduction would be complete. 

Barbara knew from the intimate conversations they had shared that the girl had never before succumbed to a lesbian tryst, unlike herself, but was curious as to the pleasures that making love with another woman could bring. Joanna was convinced that it would not take much effort from her to turn Rachel, as there had always been an atmosphere between them that she could sometimes not explain, a mutual attraction of sorts she knew was strong whenever they were alone. If only she could be sure that the girl would respond to her advances then it would be to the complete satisfaction of them both, of that was sure!

So Barbara had let her fantasy remain just that but could not help enjoy watching the girl move through sensual eyes and found it pleasing to be a voyeur of her ample bottom as it sashayed seductively inside her tight jeans. As the girl approached her now Joanna adjusted her blouse so as to hide a meaty breast that had become exposed by the loosening of the garment, and from her wide smile Barbara wondered if Rachel was responding to the sight of her exposure? Her friend appeared

delighted to see her stray bosom but once again Barbara banished the thought of acting on her impulses and instead showed great restraint, though she would have been happy to fuck the girl there and then, considering that with her visit Rachel had denied her the pleasure of masturbating and was left to feel horny and ripe with desire.

Rachel stood next to Barbara, looking first at her friend 

then at the newly completed painting and her face was

itself a picture of amazement. She was impressed with 

what she saw and could not contain her delight. 

"Hi Barbara. My goodness is that you? What a wonderful 

picture! It's really beautiful" she exclaimed with genuine 

admiration.

"Rachel, hi, yes it's me all right, you really like it?"

Barbara replied modestly as she played with her hair 

nervously. She began to feel uncomfortably warm 

underneath her robe as Rachel continued to flatter 

her talents.

"Absolutely, it's gorgeous. But how did you capture 

your likeness so well.? Is it all from memory?" she 

laughed. Barbara coughed discreetly and cleared her 

throat.

"No, I used these photographs for inspiration." She 

gestured to the images of herself that were scattered 

upon a small table. Rachel was open- mouthed on 

seeing the risqué portraits of her friend.

"Barbara! You devil! What naughty photographs"

She paused to look at them in more detail then spoke 

again, this time softer than she had before. 

"But so lovely. You have a beautiful body. Look 

at that, those legs! And you took these yourself?"

Barbara recognised the spark again and wondered 

if Rachel could feel it too. If only the girl would give 

her a sign, a gesture that would suggest how she felt 

about her or a word that would give her the courage 

to seduce her!

But for now she recognised nothing that allowed 

her to make a pass at Rachel so would instead bide her 

time well until the signals she read from the girl were 

not as confusing as they now were.

"Yes. I have a camera with a self timer and a tripod,

it's easy really" she said with a demeanour that 

betrayed her attempts to stay platonic with Rachel. 

Then the young woman saw the painting of Barbara's 

clitoris and squealed in mock outrage at the picture. 

She put her hands over her mouth and stared goggle

eyed at the picture feeling slightly embarrassed , but 

also pleasantly aroused.

"Oh my god! Barbara! Don't tell me that's you as 

well?" she announced with bombast. Barbara was 

nonplussed by Rachel's behaviour as she knew it was 

an act the girl used to mask her true feelings and so 

she did not feel obliged to lie to her.

"It is actually, but only you and I know that. Don't 

tell me you're shocked by it?" Rachel shook her head 

and moved closer to the painting, eyeing the detail of 

Barbara's sex with curious wonder. Barbara continued.

"The one secret I keep from my customers is that the 

female anatomy I paint is my own. I feel it is necessary 

to keep personal feelings removed from the 

relationship I have with them, to keep it strictly 

business, and knowing the paintings were of my own 

body might change that dynamic with some of them.

I don't want any emotional involvement with the people 

who buy my work which is why I change the features 

of my face so as to disguise the true identity of the 

model. See there?" Rachel had become quiet again 

and nodded sagely.

"It's wonderful..." whispered the girl, and Barbara 

wondered if she meant the painting or her sex? She 

was ever so turned on by the moment, of feeling no 

shame as Rachel bit her lip while looking at the 

enlarged image of her own flower. Was the girl 

equally as aroused, and if Barbara placed her trembling 

hand on Rachel's breast as she so desperately wanted 

to would she succumb to her hidden desires and allow 

herself to be seduced by Barbara's sensual touch? She 

was not sure but could not allow the suggestion to slip 

from Rachel's mind, and sensing a window of 

opportunity made a suggestion that she knew would 

at last determine the true nature of Rachel's feelings for 

her.

"Listen" Barbara went on. "If you like my paintings 

and photographs so much why don't you allow me to 

take some similar shots of yourself today?" she said 

as she stroked Rachel's hair and continued to plant the 

seed of her intent. "You have a wonderful body and 

such a pretty face, you'd be a natural...."She could 

see that the girl was flattered by the appraisal of her 

figure and almost shook with delight when Rachel 

agreed to her subtle demands.

"Ok" she said, not once taking her eyes off the 

painting. "I'd like that."

So Barbara led Rachel to her bedroom and 

allowed the girl to change and prepare herself for 

the shoot while she readied her own tools for the 

task ahead. When she had gathered camera, film,

flashes and other instruments she knocked at the 

door and waited nervously for Rachel's answer.

"Come in" Rachel replied at last. Barbara opened 

the door gingerly and went inside. She was pleasantly 

surprised to see that the girl had been busy preparing 

for the session and looked nothing short of stunning. 

Rachel wore a transparent sheer negligee that cradled 

the smooth curves of her young body and was naked 

underneath save for flimsy briefs through which 

Barbara could see the dark shadow of her bushy sex.

Her trunk, lean and tanned, was complemented with 

rich, abundant breasts and a tight stomach that gave 

descent to her hidden treasure and long, endless legs.

Barbara was visibly impressed on seeing her friend in 

such a state of undress and Rachel could only smile 

coyly as Barbara gazed upon her nude frame 

for longer than was perhaps necessary.

Although flattered by Barbara's silent appraisal of 

her form, Rachel could not forget that her girlfriend 

had in the past slept with a number of women, and 

the thought that she might now be aroused by her near nakedness gave scope to both new and exciting opportunities. Rachel knew she was walking on dangerous ground but still she openly welcomed it. Would her curiosity now lead her headlong into harm? Whatever the consequence she could not help 

herself. Rachel had thought many times before when they were alone that Barbara always stood just a bit 

too close to her and held her with more than just friendly affection, but she liked the way she looked 

at her, it made her feel special and adored. It was as though she was in love or lust, Rachel did not know which, but she had not in return been as requiting 

with her own feelings, and so Barbara was left to 

think that she was alone in her attraction.

But in truth Rachel was not immune to her charms and though she found Barbara irrepressibly desirable

it was only now, naked and alone in her bedroom, 

that she felt able to impart her loaded desire. Was 

this because the recent revelation that Barbara, only recently married herself, had slept with a stranger 

when on holiday had made her advances toward 

Rachel now seem more than just harmless flirting? 

Now she had been unfaithful, Rachel could only 

interpret Barbara's behaviour as something more sensual than that. Her predatory nature was a reality,

and Rachel was curious as to where this could take them.

Barbara was lingering still on Rachel's unashamed nudity so in response she began to tease her discreetly, pirouetting slowly and deliberately and allowing a glimpse her curvaceous rear. "So, what do you think? Do I look ok?" she said, toying with Barbara who was finding it difficult to resist the urge to pull down Rachel's pants and sink her teeth into her fleshy rump.

"Yes, you look wonderful, I..I'd best get my things ready" Barbara spluttered as she fumbled with her camera. 

"See how easily the fish takes the bait!" thought Rachel. "I will cast my line again and see if she bites!"

"Do you want me on the bed or on the floor?" was the loaded question she asked innocently.

"The bed, please" came the weak reply. So Rachel sat at once on the corner of the firm mattress and, hesitating slightly, swung her naked legs onto the bed in slow, seductive movements. As she made herself comfortable, wriggling her bottom about on the large bed, Barbara could only look on helplessly and Rachel knew she was hooked already. Now it was time to reel her in!

"Like this?" she asked, her negligee rising above her waist as she manoeuvred her peachy buttocks to fleetingly reveal her bushy ventral.

"Perfect, yes" Barbara awnsered." Just give me a minute and we'll begin." She cursed herself as she

flustered with the camera bag, removing flashes and rolls of film in preparation for this already difficult shoot. Too soon had she become distracted by the sultry fox who lay before her with cruel promise, for with her pleasure came the fear that she would not restrain her passion if Rachel continued to arouse her so crudely. With urgency in her heart to end this sweet torment Barbara assembled her photographic equipment in clumsy haste but her sexy aspirant pursued furthermore her playful agenda.

"Do you really think I'm pretty enough to be model?" Rachel asked demurely.

"Oh course, you're very beautiful" Barbara replied.

"But do you not think I'm too heavy? My hips are broad, my bum's too big and my breasts are...well,

huge! Look at them!" Rachel demanded playfully as she felt the weight of her plump melons in her hands, then let them wobble heavily against her vibrant chest. Barbara did not have to be asked twice for she was already staring at Rachel's perfect globes, trying to imagine the feel of them in her hands. Their fullness caused them to hang loose and slightly low, but for all that they were desirable big bulbs of warm flesh.

"They're fine, really. Perfect. You're lucky to have such an ample figure. I think you're quite gorgeous 

myself." Barbara responded quickly.

"Oh, thank you! You're so kind to me, you really are. You're always passing me compliments and you make me feel so beautiful. I'm so lucky to have a friend like you" Rachel exclaimed.

"Likewise. I value our friendship above all others. Now, shall we begin?" Barbara asked impatiently.

"Yes please. I'm all excited now, you've made me feel so good about myself I can't wait to begin!" Rachel stretched out on the bed as Barbara got behind the camera and trained the powerful lens on the tantalising young woman spread out before her, and as she took the first photograph with Rachel pouting moodily in response Joanna suddenly had a thought that made her quake with apprehension.

"Can it possibly be that after all this time Rachel is actually coming on to me?" She had never before seen Rachel behave this way, so openly flirtatious and aroused. The relaxed way in which she now writhed on the bed, rolling over to expose her pear shaped buttocks was not the Rachel she knew. Usually so restrained with her sexuality when in the company of women, the fact that Rachel had wanted to do this at all made Barbara's suspicions all the more legitimate.

Barbara could feel the spark again, like a surge of electricity between them, and this time she knew Rachel could feel it too. It was in the loose manner that she now conformed to, the questions about her body and the way she fished for compliments when usually she did not look for them. Something had changed that was certain, and although Rachel had at first unnerved

Barbara with her ambiguous games, now it all made sense she was not afraid. With her sexual ambivalence Rachel had tried to arouse Barbara to the point of frenzy, but now her intent had unknowingly revealed itself it was time for the rules to change. Barbara would not let Rachel get the upper hand. Things were about to get serious, and Rachel would soon learn who was the mistress in these affairs.

But for now she was ignorant to her own expose so tried once more to rile the passions of her amatory muse. She reclined further on the bed, her big breasts wobbling gently like two succulent jellies and drawing her legs upwards liberally parted her knees so Joanna could see quite clearly the thin material of her panties stretched tightly across her furry mound.

"Oooh!" Rachel cried in surprise as the breeze from the open window wafted coolly about her open thighs. "That feels nice. The wind is tickling me there." She briefly put her hand between her legs to motion the source of her delight then moved it quickly away. "I like that very much! Mmm..." Barbara continued to click away with the camera and seeing clearly what Rachel was up to tried to remain impassive. She would teach this young minx a lesson and have her begging for more!

"Could you keep still a moment please? You're wriggling about so much I can hardly keep the camera on you!" Barbara tried to appear annoyed and could hardly contain her laughter at the look of deflation on Rachel's pretty face. It was like she'd had the wind sucked out of her! But determined as she was to see Barbara on her knees Rachel continued with vigour to spin her web of entrapment. 

"Would you like me to take my top off?" she asked naively, affecting a virginal manner that did not become her.

"Yes I would. Good idea." So Rachel sat up and peeled off the light negligee, casually tossing it to the 

floor. She leaned back on her arms, her ample breasts sticking prominently outward as she stroked her shapely calves suggestively with her feet. "Thanks. Beautiful. Now, could you touch your hair for me? That's good, brilliant. Now, bring your hand down to your chest. That's it, gently now. Excellent." 
