 Author's note: Hello and welcome to Shannon's story of reluctance. Please note – RELUCTANCE – not 'non-consent'. I suspect there will be non-consensual aspects in later chapters, especially since it's one of her fantasies... This chapter is concerned with girl-girl sex, and thus has been submitted under this category. Anyway, this is my first and probably only foray into this genre, so my hope is that you enjoy it. It was fun, and difficult to write. For more about Shannon's mindset and what she's been doing these past two days, please read the earlier chapters. (And vote!) One may read this chapter as a stand alone story, suffice to say, Shannon's had a day to remember, and she hasn't had a chance to cum… SN

I sighed and tried to smile back at all the grinning faces surrounding me. I mean honestly, after a day like the one I'd had, I just needed a firm spanking, an even firmer fucking, a glorious body-wrenching orgasm, a cuddle, and a blissful, lonnngggg sleep. 

Instead, I was in the middle of a semi-circle of women from our 'munch group'. These girls were subbies like me, or Dommes. They were all members of our 'lifestyle', as it's called. I had other friends too, and very good ones, but I was unable to speak openly with them about what Johan and I get up to. They'd think I was crazy and disown me! But really, they just wouldn't have understood. This group of girls was wayyyyy different. We talked openly about alllll kinds of things, from floggers and spankings to bondage and punishments. Without them I'd have gone crazy. But they're also like terriers with a bone. Once they got hold of something, they just won't let go, and the more embarrassing the better! They were such fun…

I found out later that Johan had called Martelle, one of the Dommes from our group, and told her she had three hours to 'Play with Shannon', as he had important business to attend to. Whatever that meant. Martelle had quickly phoned Helen and between them they decided to ask Olga, one of my fellow subbies, to stage a toy party at my house. Luckily Olga had nothing important on and her husband said it was okay. I was also later to learn Johan had spoken to him about it as well.

Of course Olga was super excited, as she had been pushing for a party like this with all us girls for some time. The Dommes had decided tonight was the night. 

So anyway, there I was, in the middle of this group of smiling and giggling girlfriends. I was still dressed in my beachwear, a tiny white cotton skirt and a little pink tank top that said 'TOY' in big bold letters across my braless breasts. I was all covered in salt and bits of sand from the beach, and with my curly blonde hair disheveled, I must have looked like something out of the Wild Man from Borneo.

Olga stood up and squealed as she spun around. "Don't you just love this outfit?" The silk baby doll pajama set she was wearing flared out from her hips, revealing I wasn't the only one in the room not wearing panties. I gulped as I realised I also wasn't the only one that shaved.

"Olga, you are shameless! Sit down and let Shannon relax for a minute," said Martelle sternly.

Olga giggled and sat back down on one of the cushions on the floor. "I'm sorry, I'm just excited is all."

"We all can tell!" cried Fi.

"Okay, okay," said Martelle, who was clearly 'in charge' tonight. "Let's all relax a few minutes and have a drink and settle down. There will be a lot of flesh on show tonight, and I'd like to see a little decorum."

There were a couple of "Yes, Mistress's" but mostly everyone mumbled their assent. Except Helen. Helen was a beautiful woman who tied her straight blonde hair back very severely. Her eyes were cat-like and she was very stern but very sexy-looking. I'd say that at about thirty-five, she was ten years older than I am. She sat back in her chair and smiled at me, sipping her drink through a straw. I realised my knees were about an inch apart and quickly closed them. I averted her eyes and looked to Martelle.

"I could really do with a quick shower…"

"In a few minutes, Shannon. We are all very excited to hear about your day," Martelle said and chuckled.

I sighed and blushed, and my stupid nipples started to harden. Martelle was looking intently at me and her green eyes flashed a wicked smile, like she knew what I'd been up to today. 

Oh, no. I thought. I'm gonna get caught here if I don't tell the truth. I threw back the last of my marguerita and put the martini glass back down on the coffee table before me.

"Someone refill that," directed Helen.

"I'll do it," said Olga happily, standing and twirling the baby doll outfit again.

"Olgaaaaa!" cried all the subbies. She just giggled, bent right over in front of Sandy and grabbed my glass, wiggling her tush. Sandy smacked her bare ass so hard it made a loud 'crack!' noise and everyone laughed as Olga walked out pretending to be chastised and pouting, her eyes dancing.

Martelle and Helen just looked at each other and shook their heads.

From over on one side, Georgina asked her submissive, Sapphire, to refresh the drinks and she rose soundlessly, following Olga into the kitchen. Sapphire is the youngest of us subbies, and while she isn't busty, she has the slimmest, longest legs of anyone in the room. I glanced across and saw Georgina's eyes following her hungrily. Even Helen could barely tear her eyes from her little bubble-butt as it swayed in her tight, low-rider jeans. Everyone else sipped their drinks and watched her too. She and Olga both soon returned, Olga with my refilled glass in one hand, and a new pitcher of margueritas in the other. Sapphire carried another pitcher of margueritas. I was glad I wasn't driving.

They refilled everyone's glasses and I started to relax, no doubt due to the tequila, and the fact that everyone was chatting and I wasn't so much the center of attention. But of course that wasn't going to last long.

Martelle soon interrupted the chatter. "Okay everyone, I know you are all pleased to see each other, and excited to be away from your men." She winked at Georgina, then continued. "But I am very interested in Shannon's day, and I think the rest of you will be too."

I blushed scarlet and dropped my head, laughing and shaking it behind a curtain of my blonde tresses. Everyone immediately realised something was up. 

"Welllll!!!"

"Come on, we want to hear!"

"Yeahhhh… where did you go?"

I looked up as my best friend, Leah, leaned up from where she sat beside me and ran her hand gently over my hair, whispering, "You're among friends here, Shannon. No need to be bashful."

She smiled into my eyes and I thought she was the best friend I ever had in the whole world. I leaned against her hand a little and took a deep breath. At that moment she reached out and gave me a wrenching nipple twister that made me gasp! 

Well, I was out of my seat and tickling her in about a second. I pinned her to the ground and put my knees on her elbows. She squealed! "Let me gooo!!! Let me gooooo!!!!"

Everyone cracked up laughing and I think even Helen was smiling. Leah is really ticklish so I didn't tickle her for too long or she'd have been in tears. She really hates it too because it makes her so wet. No one else knew that, but they all were a bit surprised when I leaned down and apologised, kissing her softly on the lips.

Of course, when I finally let her up and back onto her cushion, she was breathing as hard as I was, and blushing too. 

"Okay, everyone settle down. No more time wasting," said Martelle, even though she was smiling.

Sandy piped up in her little voice. "Yeah, I want to hear about Shannon's day!"

I plopped myself back onto the leather sofa and sighed heavily. "I've had a day I'll never forget," I said, biting my lip and glancing at Martelle. 

"Oooo, do tell then!!!!!!!" cried Leah, also catching her breath.

"What happened?" Fi asked, smiling. "What did that horrible Johan do to you?"

"Well, it wasn't so much what he did to me. It was more what he made me do."

"Like what?" asked Denise.

"This is so embarrassing…"

"Why? What did he make you do?" whined Sandy.

"Well, first he made me take my toys and put them in the glove box of the car."

"That's not very exciting."

"I had to carry them in my hands!"

"In the driveway?" Leah gasped. "Which toys?"

I nodded. "My butt plug and my dildo! I was so turned on by the thought of being caught, I was literally um… you know, making a mess."

"You were dripping," corrected Martelle.

"Um, y… yeah. God, you guys, I'd barely shoved them in the glove box before a school bus drove by. It was so embarrassing, and so exciting. Anybody could have seen."

"And then what?" asked Leah, enthralled.

"Then we drove to the beach."

"It was an interesting drive there though, wasn't it?" asked Martelle.

I blushed and nodded slowly, wondering how little I could get away with telling. I could feel my nipples screwing into little points in my tank top all over again.

"We took the Mustang," I began.

"Oooooo, I love that car," piped up Fi. "Was the top down?"

"Yes," I replied, continuing. "And Johan made me um…"

"Go onnnn. We're all friends here," urged Leah.

"I knowwww, but I've never done adventurous stuff like this. It was hard enough doing it, let alone telling you all about it while I'm still all hot and bothered."

"That's her good girl talking. Someone get her another marguerita," said Amy-Lee, giggling.

Leah refilled my glass and I threw it back with a flourish, almost immediately feeling the colour rising in my cheeks.

"Woohoooo! Johan better watch out tonight!" said Fi, laughing. 

I giggled too. Oh, what was the use? They were going to get it all out of me eventually. I may as well just get it over with sooner, rather than later, and then we can get this party over with and then…

"He made me kneel up in my seat facing backwards and slide my plug up my ass!"

"Oh my God!" cried Leah, giggling. "He didn't!"

"Yep. And I had to wear it the whole time I was at the beach!"

"No way!" cried Sandy, doubling over backwards.

"In a bikini? God!" said Sapphire.

"What about sand?" asked Fi.

"I don't like things in my ass," said Amy-Lee.

"Except my tongue. Right, little one?" asked Helen, smirking and tugging her hair.

Well, everyone's jaw dropped and we all looked at Amy-Lee. Then the deathly silence was broken by unrestrained laughter. Poor Amy-Lee went redder than I think I've ever been and we were all comforting her and telling her not to worry, but oh goodness the tears were rolling down our cheeks. Helen was even chuckling and I thought I could see a little blush in her cheeks too. She NEVER said stuff like that, at least not when I've been around.

We all settled down again and Martelle asked if she could see the bikini I wore.

"Um… I don't have it on."

"You don't? Where is it?" she asked, smirking again.

"It's in the beach bag," I said, blushing again and thinking about how see-through it was. 

"I'll get it!" said Leah, who took off for the kitchen and was back in a flash.

I rummaged through the bag and found the bottoms and held them up between my fingers.

"THAT'S not a bikini! That's tissue paper!" laughed Olga.

"I'd buy that as lingerie!" said Denise.

"You can see right through it," added Leah. "I can't believe you wore that on a public beach."

"Weren't you embarrassed?" asked Fi.

"God, yes," I managed to say. "Between wearing this and being plugged, I was pretty far gone for most of the day."

"But you don't have it on now, do you? So what happened?" asked Martelle again.

"I took it off. In the car park!"

"No way!" cried Leah.

"Oh, my God! Shannon!" laughed Amy-Lee.

"Add one butt plug… instant slut!" giggled Denise.

We all cracked up again and I think the margueritas were doing their job. I was starting to feel much more relaxed. I was even starting to enjoy being looked up to. Like I'd done stuff others hadn't. It was kind of fun!

"I think you left something out," said Martelle.

"I did?" I asked innocently.

"You didn't actually wear your bikini bottoms to the beach, did you?"

"Oh, my God. How could I forget that! You won't believe this! I had to hang them from the mirror all the way to the beach, and when we got there, I had to ask this hunky young surfer guy to help me put them on!"

"No way!!!! I don't believe it!" squealed Fi.

"Johan made you do that? Oh, my God!" laughed Leah.

"It was so exciting. I was shaking like a leaf!"

"And where did you go after the beach, little one?" Martelle asked, mercilessly honing in on the strip club.

"We um…" I whispered. "We went to Ernie's."

"That's a strip club, isn't it?" asked Leah.

"Yep."

"I've never been to one before," said Denise.

"Me either," chimed in Amy-Lee.

"I have, it was fun!" squeaked Sapphire. 

"But did you dance there, Sapphire?" I asked, suddenly grabbing the spotlight.

"Don't tell me you danced in a strip club? Naked?" asked Martelle, with a wicked grin on her face.

"Um, no, Ma'am. I didn't take off my clothes."

"So you danced in a strip club but didn't strip."

"Yes, Ma'am." I blushed.

"Mustn't have been very exciting."

"Oh, but it was. I was dressed just like this and had my plug in my um… ass. It was nasty and hot but strangely tasteful and safe."

"Safe?"

"Yes, Ma'am. I wasn't ready to take my clothes off in front of strangers."

"I see… Well even so, I can't see how it could have been a very good dance, without taking off your clothes. Why don't you show us?"

"Ohhh, nooo. I couldn't do that, I'm exhausted and sandy and salty and…"

"I said, I'd like to see the dance please, Shannon," asked Martelle, frowning.

I gulped and stood up. Leah went over to the stereo, giggling madly. She turned it up loud and I blushed scarlet.

"Give her some room!" Martelle called out, and the subbies all scooted backward on their cushions. Fi even pulled the coffee table back out of the way. "Dance! Come on!" urged Martelle, starting to clap. Soon they were all clapping and I shook my head and started dancing. I was shimmying and bumping and grinding as sexily as I could. I couldn't put on a bad show! If I did, they wouldn't even believe I danced at Ernie's, let alone danced sexy and had money thrown at me and that woman wiping a note over my wet cunt and sticking it in my mouth…

The music was thumping and I was dancing up a storm and my friends were wooohoooooing and clapping in time with the beat. Leah turned down the overhead lights in the big lounge room and turned around one of the lights that pointed at a painting on the wall. She shone it right on me and I could almost imagine I was back there. If only I had a pole…

I squinted through the spotlight and saw Leah kneeling down next to Martelle. Martelle leaned down to her and whispered something in her ear. Leah then tapped Debbie on the shoulder and said something into her ear. Debbie looked back up to Martelle and nodded slowly. Then she stood up and walked between Sapphire and Fi to join me on the 'stage'. 

While this was going on, I had been dancing on autopilot, trying to figure out what was happening. I hadn't noticed I was cupping my breasts and rolling my nipples as I swayed from side to side. I was too interested in what was going on to notice what I was doing! Honest!! I blushed harder and dropped my hands, but of course they all noticed and had huge grins on their faces as they clapped.

As Debbie started dancing with me (and boy, she can dance), I saw Leah whispering to Olga, who also nodded. Debbie slipped her arms around my waist and pressed her breasts into mine. We were swaying together and bumping pubic bones. I could feel how hard her nipples were as she rubbed them across my chest. She purred and smiled into my eyes feeling mine do the same to her. By this time I was just enjoying the dance and the closeness and the woowooooing started again when I slid my hands down from Debbie's hips onto her ass and pulled her into me.

I stuck out my tongue at Sapphire, who had always said I was wasted on a man (how rude!), and was distracted by movement in her lap. She was stroking her shaved little pussy! Just then Debbie leaned into me and captured my tongue in her softly sucking and licking mouth. I moaned as I felt her hands on my ass, pulling me into her. 

I realised way too late that I was starting to get hot again, really hot! At the hands of a woman!! Debbie's body was hard and toned. She was a firefighter during the day and whiled away hours in the weight rooms. Oh, but her skin and hands were soft and she smelled divine and God, she could kiss. She gripped my ass tightly and pulled my legs either side of her leg. In moments she was sliding my slippery little cunt up and down her thigh. 

She turned my face to kiss me again, but before she did, I saw Fi blushing and Leah licking her lips. Licking her lips? Oh my God, I always thought it would be with Leah. Maybe she always wanted to kiss me too? Then Debbie's mouth consumed me again. She kissed so aggressively and yet softly, it was demanding and made my mind swirl. I basked in the attention. My clit was wet and throbbing as I flexed my thighs and helped Debbie make me hump her leg. She wedged one hand under me from behind to keep a good grip and her fingers pushed straight into me. I was so wet!

She firmly took my breast in her other hand and crushed my nipple between thumb and forefinger. The song stopped just as I moaned. Everyone clapped and woowoooed and I couldn't believe I had juices running down my thighs all over again. I was in a daze and feeling very embarrassed.

"Go and have a shower, Shannon. You must be feeling very dirty," Martelle said, and winked.

"She can't help it, she's a naughty girl," said Leah, moving to the stereo to turn it down.

"She dances in strip clubs!" Sandy squeaked. Everyone giggled as the lights came up.

"Leah. Take her," directed Martelle.

I swallowed as Leah approached and took me by the elbow. Olga placed margueritas in our hands and Leah led me upstairs. I was getting so smashed I was glad I had Leah to lean on. 

We entered the main bathroom and she fixed a cold shower for me. After slipping my pink top over my head, I wormed my skirt over my hips and kicked it at the laundry basket. "Leah, is there anything going on I should know about?" I asked, standing by the shower and cocking my hip unsteadily.

"Uh huh!" she said, turning me and guiding me under the freezing water.

"What!" I squealed and squirmed.

"Well," she chuckled, "it's going to be your job to help Olga demonstrate the toys. It is a toy party, remember?" After that I didn't get a word in edgeways. She grabbed shampoo and washed my hair thoroughly. She was so fast, and worked without regard to my comfort. I had to shut my eyes and mouth to keep the lather out of them. She rinsed and rinsed and the icy water flowed over my body, invigorating my skin. 

Then she scrubbed me firmly from head to foot with a scrubbing brush. She was really rough but very quick and the only thing she said the whole time was, "This is for your own good." 

It was definitely one of those, 'banging one's head against a brick wall' moments. I felt wonderful once she stopped and turned off the water. I must have looked like a drowned rat, standing shivering in the shower cubicle while Leah grabbed a thick fluffy towel. She soon had me buffed dry and sitting in front of my vanity. She brushed my wet hair and tied it in a ponytail. It dripped down my back. She put blush on my nipples and they puckered. 

"Put your hands behind your back."

I looked at her in the mirror. "Why?"

"Because Martelle told me to cuff your hands behind your back. I also remember Johan telling you to do as Martelle says."
