 When I was nineteen years old I began working in a nursing home. I went to the cafeteria for lunch everyday with the rest of the girls from my unit. Almost from the beginning I noticed a girl from another unit would watch me. She looked about my age with blonde hair and blue eyes. She was several inches shorter than me at about five feet two. She had a petite build but her large breasts made her look bigger than she actually was. It surprised me that she would actually stare at me, boldly, giving me dirty looks and attitude in general considering that I had 4 inches and 20 pounds on her. I had been told of a rivalry between the four different units in the facility but I could not believe it actually came down to being catty in the lunchroom. 

After working there for a month or so I had become friendly with my co-workers and no longer felt like the new girl. I was still being watched by this girl every time we had break at the same time which ended up being about twice a week. One day I decided enough was enough and feeling bold I went over to her table and asked if she had a problem with me. Maybe I had done something to offend her. To my surprise she blushed and sputtered out an answer. 

“No” she said. “I..I don’t even know you." 

I had noticed another girl at her table before because I would occasionally catch her staring at me but she always turned away quickly. This girl was as tall as I but had about twenty pounds on me. She had long curly black hair pulled back from her face with a headband and glasses. This girl stood up and asked me if I had a problem.

“No” I said. “But if you or your friend have one I can probably take care of it for you." 

The smaller blonde girl got up from the table and said “Come on Julie. Don't start anything.” 

She grabbed Julie’s arm and pulled her away. I was proud of myself that I had stood my ground and also a little surprised because I am usually a lover, not a fighter!

I didn’t see them again that week but on Friday night was asked to pull a double. I agreed not knowing I was going to work another unit. I was not surprised to see the blonde there and to learn she was going to be working the same hall with me. After we got our assignment we worked in silence for the first half hour. Then suddenly she looked over at me.

“My name is Tori” she said, watching for my reaction. “I’m really sorry about that stuff in the lunchroom the other day.” 

“What was that all about anyway?” I asked. “I didn’t want any trouble with you or your friend but I am getting really tired of you guys giving me dirty looks all the time. I think it’s crazy that just because we work on different units we have to be against each other.”

Tori started laughing and said “That’s not why I look at you. And I’m not giving you dirty looks. At least that’s not what I’m trying to do.” 

“Then what’s up?” I asked.

“To tell you the truth, I think you are very pretty. I have thought so since the first time I saw you. The other girl is Julie. She’s my girlfriend. The reason she was so mad is because we have been having problems and she has caught me looking at you. She’s really jealous.”

I just stared at Tori and I know my jaw was on the floor. I had fantasized about being with women and had read stories about it but I had never met a real life lesbian and I was stunned. I couldn’t believe she was so straightforward about it. 

Tori said “So do you have a girlfriend?”

“No” I said. “I’m not gay.”

“You’re not?” she said. “I am so sorry! I really read that wrong. I guess I just assumed you were because you always stared back at me. Plus you look gay.”

“I look gay!” I exclaimed. 

“I’m just teasing you” she said. “I’m trying to break the ice so you won’t be freaked out about me being gay. Does it bother you?”

“No” I said. “I’m just impressed that you’re so comfortable with it. My name is Shannen by the way.” 

“I know” she said, “I’ve known that since you started.”

We spent the rest of the shift working our hall together instead of splitting it. We talked about everything that women usually talk about including current and past relationships, music, our families and what movies we like. I felt so comfortable with her, like I had found a new best friend. 

As we were gathering our belongings from our lockers Tori asked if I would like to get some breakfast with her. I accepted her offer and at breakfast she asked me if I had ever been with a woman before or thought about it. I was speechless, unsure of how to answer. I had never been with a woman before but was very interested in experimenting. 

“I’ve never actually been with a girl but I am not against it either” I said. “I’ve just never had the opportunity I guess." 

“If you had the opportunity, do you think you would take it?” asked Tori.

“I guess it would depend on who the opportunity was with” I said staring into her eyes. 

I was openly flirting with her now. I had a chance to see how beautiful her eyes were and how full her lips were. I found myself attracted to her and wanting to kiss her. These feelings were all so new but she made me feel so comfortable that I didn’t feel any different than when I was flirting with a man.

When the check came Tori insisted on paying. I insisted on getting the tip. She then asked if I would like to go to her health club with her to workout. I said yes after I learned we would be using the sauna and hot tub. I didn’t feel like working out at 8:00am on Saturday morning after working 16 hours straight. 

We stopped by my place to get my suit and went to the gym. We were sitting in the sauna when Tori began to speak.

She said “You know what feels good is getting a massage while you sit in the steam." 

I said “I bet it does."

Tori moved up to the bench behind me and started rubbing my shoulders. There were a couple of other ladies in there but it was pretty dead for early Saturday morning. I was so relaxed that I leaned back onto her legs. She started rubbing down my arms and back up to my shoulders, down onto my chest where her fingertips were grazing across the top of my tits. I had on a one piece suit with a very low back that showed some cleavage so she had all the access she needed to give me an excellent back rub. I was really getting into the sensations and realized my nipples were erect when she suddenly stopped. She plopped down beside me and laughed gently. She leaned over and whispered in my ear.

“You’re getting us noticed” she said. She gave a slight nod to the left and I realized the two other ladies were looking at us. 

“Do you know you were moaning?” she asked. 

I should have been embarrassed but I was so relaxed and feeling so good that I just smiled and said “Let’s go out and get in the hot tub." 

We moved out of the sauna over to the hot tub and slid in. The water was so hot that it took a minute to get used to. We splashed around a little and finally settled down sitting across from each other. Tori was looking at me and smiling. She began rubbing her foot up my leg. She leaned her head down close to the water as if to tell me a secret. 

“Have you ever put your pussy over the jets and let it shoot out across your clit?”

I was embarrassed of course and turned every shade of red but she just laughed at me. She was moving her foot higher up my leg and talking about how she and her cousin used to sit in her aunt's hot tub and let the jets shoot out onto their pussies. I shifted in my seat as I was getting a little hot and bothered by her story and she must have took that as a signal because suddenly she stuck her toes right up against my pussy. She wiggled them gently and I immediately pushed her foot away. I really didn’t want her to stop but I was trying to flirt with her too. I was playing the part of a tease, pushing her away gently and saying don't, stop, and giggling like a 12 year old. She of course didn’t stop and ended up massaging my pussy through the bathing suit material with her toes for about 5 minutes. I decided two could play at that game and moved my toes up to her pussy. I had just started to lightly rub them up and down her crotch when she abruptly pulled away and said “Stop Shannen, let's go home.”

I looked up and realized the place was starting to get busy and 3 men were headed toward the hot tub. I said “That sounds like a good idea." 

We got to the locker room and I started to go to the showers when Tori said “Let's just shower at my house. These showers are nasty.”

We head to her house and when we get in she tells me I can shower first. 

“That way you won’t run out of hot water” she said.

I was taking a shower and I just knew she was gonna try something. I was very excited at the thought and actually looking forward to it. I was rubbing soap into my pussy very slowly and paying a lot of attention to my clit when I heard the door open. I thought to myself oh fuck, this is it! But all she said was “here is a towel for you. I’m laying it on the counter.” 

I pulled the shower curtain slightly open and peeked out. I said “Oh, ok. Thanks.” 

I stared at her for a moment and she walked out the door. I was disappointed because I thought she would join me. I finished rinsing and got out and realized the towel was the only thing there. My clothes had been moved. I dried off and put the towel around me and went out to her room.

“Where are my clothes?” I asked. 

Tori was sitting on her bed just looking at me. She said “I moved them so they wouldn’t get wet. Come over here.” and patted the bed.

I went over and sat down next to her. She looked at me silently for a moment and said “I want one hug and one kiss.” 

I could barely speak so I nodded and whispered “Ok." 

She leaned over and hugged me tight and kissed me softly on the lips. She looked into my eyes and kissed me again and then she licked my lips (my mouth was dry because I was nervous). She began kissing me harder and pushed her tongue into my mouth. The whole time I am screaming in my mind; Oh my God, I am kissing a girl! I’m kissing a girl! 

But wow, she felt so good. Tori started rubbing my shoulders and my arms and she pushed open my towel and reached in and started massaging my tit. She was rubbing my nipple and then bent down and started sucking on it while still looking into my eyes. She was so gentle and yet sure of herself. I was getting so hot for her. My breathing deepened and I began a low moan. She gently pushed me back on the bed and said “You've really never been with a girl before?”

“No” I said.

She asked “Are you ok with this?”

I said “So far.”

Tori laughed and said “Well you don't seem very nervous anymore.”

I told her it was because she felt so good and she said that she was gonna make it feel even better.

She started sucking and biting my nipples again and reached down and started rubbing up and down my pussy with one finger. She rubbed my clit just like I do and I was so ready to cum. I was soaking wet from making out with her and it was easy for her to slip a finger into my pussy and started fingering me. She put in another finger and then another until she was fucking me with half her hand. She slowly starts kissing down my chest to my belly until she reached my pussy. She stopped there and just kind of breathed over my pussy, inhaling and then gently blowing over it. Her hot breath made my pussy tingle and then she licked my pussy lips and gently sucked them into her mouth. She looked up at me while sucking on them and then she stopped. 

“Are you ready?” Tori asked.

I was breathless and didn't even answer her before she stuck her tongue right in my pussy and started licking my clit. She was flicking her tongue over it fast and fingering me with her three fingers. I was out of control as I started bucking my hips and grabbing her hair.

I was moaning and saying “Oh my God Tori, fuck me! Oh yes baby that feels so good!”

She stopped licking my pussy and looked up at me. She was still fingering me when she said “I want you to cum for me.”

She took her fingers and spread my pussy lips wide open, giving her access to my hard, sensitive clit. She bent down and licked it gently and began rolling it around with her tongue. I could feel the sensation start to swell in me and knew my orgasm wasn’t far off. That’s when she started sucking, SUCKING on my clit which was the first time that was ever done to me. I came like an explosion all over her face and she later told me I squirted on her chin. She continued to lick my pussy softly until the waves of orgasm passed and I could finally breathe again. As I lay there totally drained by what happened she hopped up out of bed and said “I’m gonna go get in the shower.”

After that we were really close. She broke up with Julie and started hanging out with me and my friends. I am not a lesbian so we didn't start a heavy relationship but I am bisexual so we do fuck around every now and then. It was our 3rd time together before she finally let me taste her sweet pussy. I ate her out and made her cum hard...I have long fingers which as the old joke goes, means I am well hung in the lesbian world! I have been with two other girls since Tori but none will ever compare to her. She is my best friend and the best female lover I have ever had.