 Hi readers,

   This is a follow up story to ' The Players Revolt.'

   Hope you enjoy it,

           MELD.

**********************************************

"Right, where do you fancy going then?" asked Naseen as they stepped out of the leisure centre into the early evening gloom of the car park.

"I don't mind, although we're not really dressed for going out," Shannon pointed out as they both stood there in their tracksuits with kit bags slung across their shoulders.

"Well, why don't we just nip in The White Horse for a couple?"

"Erm...Okay."

The pair crossed the car park and made their way down Gainsborough Street; as they ambled along, Naseen turned to the big blonde.

"Have you recovered now?"

"Near enough, yes."

"I can't help feeling guilty about joining in now," the pretty Indian girl sighed, giving Shannon an apologetic smile.

"Don't, it wasn't all bad you know," she replied, winking.

"I know but I should have stopped them doing some of those things to you; what Bethany did was disgusting."

"Hmmm, that actually wasn't that bad, what was worse was having that skank Lauren's knickers shoved in my mouth, the dirty little bitch," Shannon scowled.

"That's what I mean; we went too far, I should have done something."

"Look, if you'd tried to stop them, they might have turned on you, anyway stop beating yourself up about it, if you feel that guilty then you can buy the first round," the blonde smiled, giving her a peck on the cheek.

The pair arrived at the pub and strolled up to the bar; eventually the barman looked up from his newspaper and noticed them waiting.

"Yes, love?" he mumbled at Naseen disinterestedly.

"A rum and coke and a pernod and black with ice, please."

"Four thirty," he sighed.

Taking their drinks, they sat down at a corner table; the place was virtually deserted, with just a few people dotted here and there.

"Well, lucky us heh? Getting in here for happy hour," Shannon smirked.

"God I know, what a miserable old fart," giggled Naseen, taking a sip from her glass, "shall we go somewhere else after these?"

"Nah, let's stay here, I'd rather be somewhere quiet than some place that was heaving."

"Okay," she smiled, slipping her hand under the table and giving Shannon's thigh a gentle squeeze.

"Careful, he might throw us out," the blonde joked, nodding over to the barman.

"He's not even looking," Naseen purred, leaning over the table and kissing her softly on the lips.

"Naz!"

"What?" she smiled mischievously, "you're going very red."

"He will start looking if you keep doing that," the big girl whispered wide eyed, feeling her face burning.

"So? Why, are you embarrassed?"

"No, I just don't want to put on a show for the rest of the pub, that's all," said Shannon, looking round nervously.

"Chicken," Naseen teased, squeezing her thigh again. Shannon was a little taken aback by her friend; this was a side to her she'd never seen before, usually she was quiet and reserved, never normally doing anything to attract attention. She knew it couldn't be the alcohol; they were on their first drink. 'So I'm chicken am I, Naz?' she thought. Leaning across the table, she planted a long lingering kiss on Naseen's soft lips, her tongue probing into her mouth, making her give out a muffled squeal. The butterflies fluttered in her stomach as Shannon's tongue pushed against hers; her mind thinking back to what had happened in the changing room earlier. Finally breaking off the kiss, the blonde sat back and looked at her.

"Is he looking now?" she smiled, raising her eyebrows.

"No, but they are," Naseen replied anxiously, nodding over Shannon's shoulder.

The big girl turned round to find two lads standing by the fruit machine, both staring open mouthed.

"Oh," said Shannon, smiling awkwardly.

"Waheey! Don't mind us girls, carry on!" one of them yelled over, followed by a few cheers and wolf whistles.

"Erm....I think perhaps we should leave," said Naseen, fixing her friend with a stern look.

"Yep," the blonde replied, knocking back her drink.

Quickly heading through the door and back out on to the street, the pair turned to each other and burst out laughing.

"That was your fault!" said Shannon, playfully tapping Naseen's ass.

"My fault? Why the bloody hell was it my fault?" she laughed.

"You goaded me into that!"

"I thought you'd just kiss me back, I didn't expect you to leap across the table and stick your tongue halfway down my bloody throat!"

"Well you shouldn't have called me chicken then, come on let's go," said Shannon.

"Where?"

"The Rifleman."

"The Rifleman? Fuck that, it's well rough in there, you have to wipe your feet on the way out!" Naseen scoffed.

"You snobby cow, it's not that bad," laughed the blonde, "where do you want to go then?"

"The Grosvenor."

"I'm not walking in there dressed like this, it's too snotty, they'll all look down their noses at you."

"Well I'm sure if we just sit quietly in the corner and you don't try to ravish me across the pool table, we'll be fine," smirked Naseen.

"Oh ha ha, very funny, anyway I'm not going in there, let's try The Leopard."

"Oh go on then," Naseen moaned.

They walked further into town, the streets getting busier with smartly dressed people going out for the evening, making the two of them stand out in their tracksuits. Eventually they reached The Leopard, a large pub in the town centre on the edge of the main square. Walking through the door, they found the place was packed.

"I thought you wanted somewhere quiet?" said Naseen.

"I changed my mind," the blonde shrugged, "come on."

After eventually getting served, they found a table and sat down.

"Well, what are you going to do about Bethany then?"

"What can I do? She's got the whole team on her side, well, nearly the whole team," Shannon smiled, grabbing Naseen's hand.

"Aren't you going to try and talk to them?"

"Fuck 'em, if Beth wants to be captain so much, she can have it, I'm really not that interested any more Naz," the blonde grumped.

"Will you still play if Beth is made captain?"

"No chance!" Shannon scoffed, "I'd rather quit."

"Well if you go, I go."

"You don't have to do that on my account," Shannon sighed, gently running her fingers over Naz's palm.

"I wouldn't want to play if you're not there," she smiled, leaning over and kissing the big blonde.

"Don't start that again, we've only just got here," said Shannon knocking back her drink, "want another?"

"Yeah go on then, but let's take it easy, I don't want to get pissed"............

A couple of hours later they wobbled out of the door on to the square, laughing and joking as they went.

"Right, where next?" asked Naseen eagerly.

"Errrm.....there," the blonde giggled, drunkenly pointing at a garishly lit building across the square.

"Francisco's? It's a fuckin' lap dancing club!" Naseen shrieked.

"I know."

"What the hell do you want to go in there for?"

"Why, you're not scared are you?" Shannon teased.

"Piss off Shan, course I'm not!"

"Well, come on then."

"We'll never get past that gorilla on the door anyway," said Naseen.

"We will."

Sure enough, the bouncer did nothing more than nod a greeting as they stepped inside. Looking round the large, dimly lit room, they saw that it was split up into booths all round the edge. In the centre was a row of three poles with a topless girl sliding or gyrating round each one as a DJ played some awful dance music. The pair stood at the bar with their drinks for a moment, taking in the scene.

"Have you ever been in here before?" asked the big girl.

"Well, oddly enough Shan, no," Naseen replied sarcastically, "why, have you?"

"No, I just wanted to see what was like in here, why do they keep gawping at us?"

"Erm...maybe because we're the only two women in here who haven't got their tits out, come on, let's drink these and go," Naseen moaned.

"Let's go and sit down," beamed Shannon, confidently striding over to one of the empty booths.

"You're not fuckin' serious?"

"Yep."

"Fine fine, wait for me," Naseen sighed, quickly catching her friend up.

The pair sat down and looked around at the other booths; they all had the usual clientele you would expect to find in an establishment like this, groups of young lads or fat balding businessmen leering at the performers in front of them. Placed around the room were a few more bouncers, making sure the customers behaved themselves.

"Well, what do we do now?"

"I dunno," the big girl shrugged, "like I said, I've never been in here before; I just wanted to see what it was like."

"Some of them are quite pretty," said Naseen quietly as they looked around at the girls.

"Hmm, not bad I suppose."

Shannon noticed her friend's gaze had fallen on a pretty red haired girl in a blue sparkly thong and waistcoat dancing for one of the booths opposite. When she had finished, she walked back towards the bar, meaning Naseen could no longer see her. With a scheming look on her face, Shannon turned to her pretty friend.

"I'm just nipping the loo."

"What? You're not gonna leave me here on my own are you?" Naseen panicked.

"I won't be a minute."

"I'll come with you."

"Don't be daft, stay there," Shannon smiled nervously.

"What are you up to?"

"Nothing, I won't be a minute."

With that, the big blonde quickly got up and left the booth, leaving her friend sitting anxiously huddled over her drink. She had no idea what had possessed Shannon to bring them in here, some of the people looked really creepy, 'How the hell can these girls do this?' she thought, as she watched a pretty little brunette dressed in just a pair of white bikini bottoms performing in front of two middle aged men. Just then, Shannon returned with two more drinks and sat down next to her.

"There you go, get that down you," she smiled handing her the glass.

"Thanks, we're not staying in here long are we?" Naseen asked hopefully.

"Nah, we'll go in a bit," the big girl replied, putting her drink on the shelf at the back of the booth.

Suddenly aware of a presence, Naseen looked up to find the red haired girl standing in front of them, smiling at her.

"This is Stacey," Shannon purred softly to her friend, "I thought you might like a closer look."

"Shan....wha.....I,"

Naseen's eyes widened as the girl edged closer to her, slowly unbuttoning her little waistcoat. She sat back as Stacey dropped it on the floor and leaned over her, her pert little breasts inches from her face. Shannon grinned deviously; sitting back and watching her friend desperately trying not to enjoy experience as the redhead danced closer to her. Leaning over, Stacey whispered something in Naseen's ear; closing her eyes, she smiled and nodded. Quickly checking no one was looking, the redhead straddled her 'customer', gently grinding against her. Seconds later, the dancer got up, planted a kiss on her lips and left, winking at Shannon.

"Well, did you like that?" the blonde smiled wickedly at her friend.

"You bitch; you set that up, didn't you?" Naseen scowled.

"Of course I did," the big girl laughed, "your face was a picture."

"Oh well I'm glad you enjoyed it!" she huffed.

"Oh yeah, and you hated it, didn't you?" Shannon whispered, "you've been eyeing her up ever since we got in here."

"No I haven't," her friend protested, shifting uncomfortably in her seat.

"Who's embarrassed now?" the blonde teased, gently stroking her face.

Feeling the butterflies in her stomach once more, she leaned over and kissed the big girl.

"Let's go," she whispered.

"Okay."

The pair left the club and made their way across the square to the taxi rank.

"We can go back to my flat if you like," said Shannon, putting her arm around Naseen's waist.

"Okay," she whispered, kissing the big blonde's neck. Reaching the taxi rank, the pair clambered into the lead cab.

"Where to, love?" the driver asked.

"82, Mallam Drive please," replied Shannon, putting on her seat belt and grabbing Naseen's hand.

About ten minutes later, they arrived outside Shannon's flat; paying the driver, the two friends went inside.

"Bloody hell Shan, this place is massive! How do you afford it?"

"I share it with another girl," the big girl replied, "don't worry; she's out at the moment."

"What time will she be back?" Naseen asked anxiously.

"Oh, not for ages yet, go on, go through there and I'll get us both a drink," Shannon smiled.

Naseen stepped into the lounge and sat down on the leather sofa, placing her kit bag on the floor. The room was quite large, with a wooden floor and a large fur rug in front of the fire place.

"There you go, hope you like vodka, it's all I could find," the big blonde said, handing her friend the glass.

"Yeah it's fine, thanks."

Shannon placed her glass on the small table by the sofa and sat down next to Naseen, gently stroking her hair. Putting her glass down, the young girl kissed her, gradually pushing her tongue deeper into the blonde's mouth; groaning wantonly, she pushed Naseen on to her back and unzipped her tracksuit top.

"Take it off," the big girl whispered.

Sitting back up, Naseen removed the top, followed by her t-shirt and lacy black bra, dropping them on the floor. She then lay back on the sofa as Shannon kissed slowly down her neck and on to her pert tits; gently gripping her right nipple between her teeth, the blonde began to suck it, whilst gently twisting the left one with her thumb and forefinger, making the olive skinned girl cry out lustfully.

"Oh God Shan, yes...yes...don't stop!"

"Shhhh, baby," Shannon whispered, slipping her hand down the front of Naseen's tracksuit bottoms and rubbing it over the top of her thong.

"Ohhhh.....fuck....fffuck!"

"You like that?" Shannon asked softly.

"Oh God......yes....yes Shan!"

First slipping off her trainers, the blonde then slowly pulled down her friend's tracksuit bottoms, bringing the skimpy black thong down with them, leaving her in just a pair of white ankle socks. Shannon's eyes widened as their gaze fell on Naseen's pussy, the trimmed bush and the soft lips, already glistening. The big blonde knelt down beside her and kissed down her belly, her mewls and groans getting more fevered as she neared the dark, neatly trimmed triangle.

"Oh Shan....please....pleease!" she gasped, arching her back.

Shannon gently ran her tongue along the sweet tasting lips and rolled it around the rock hard clit, making the pretty Indian girl scream ecstatically, her body bucking and writhing as the big blonde licked and sucked harder.

"AAAAAAHHHH........OH FU......FFFUCK.....YEEESSS!"

"Is that nice?"

"OHHHHH YES......YES.....PLEASE DON'T STOP....PLEEEEASE!"

Knowing that her friend was close to the edge, Shannon pushed her tongue in as far as she could; feeling the muscles starting to spasm, she thrust it in and out, harder and faster.

"AAAHHH.....SHAN.....FUCK ME.....FUCK ME...YYYYEEEEAAAAHH!"

Digging her fingers into the sofa, Naseen screamed as an intense orgasm racked her body, wave after wave of euphoria coursing through her. All too quickly, the amazing feeling subsided and she fell back, her senses reeling. Moving back up her body, Shannon kissed her passionately, the taste of her own pussy on the blonde's tongue making her groan wantonly and tug at the big girl's tracksuit top. Breaking off the kiss, Shannon smiled down at her lustful friend.

"Go and lie on the rug," she whispered.

Getting up off the sofa, Naseen slowly paced over and lay back on the rug; the fur making her whole body tingle as she ran her hands and feet through it. As her friend lay back, Shannon slowly undressed, first removing her trainers, then her tracksuit, followed her blue bra and panties and finally her socks. Standing over her friend, she suddenly dropped down and straddled her, holding her down by the wrists.

"Oh yeah?" Naseen giggled, "and what are you going to do now?"

"The same as you did to me earlier," the big blonde said softly, sliding up until her waxed pussy was right above Naseen's mouth.

"Well, go on then," Shannon whispered, moving closer.

Grabbing the big blonde's thighs, Naseen gently licked along the soft chubby lips, teasing the rapidly swelling clit with the tip of her tongue.

"Oh yeah that's it, come on lick it!" Shannon gasped, grinding her pussy down on to her friend's eager tongue, the sweet taste making her lick and suck feverishly. The big girl moaned lustfully as she felt Naseen's tongue slide inside her dripping snatch; closing her eyes, she ran her fingers through the Indian girl's jet black hair, grabbing the back of her head and forcing it between her legs.

"COME ON.....LICK IT BABY......LICK IT!"

Gasping and fighting for breath, Naseen obeyed the blonde, kissing and sucking her swollen clit, making her throw her head back as she felt the climax building within her. Unable to hold on any longer, she screamed as the orgasm tore through her body.

"AAAAHHHH.......OHHH......FFFFUUCK.....NAZ......NAZ...YYYEEEAAHH!"

Feeling all the strength drain away from her, Shannon lay back on the rug next to her exhausted friend, the divine feeling of the fur against her naked skin mixing with the post-orgasmic waves streaming through her body.

"Oh God, that was beautiful," she groaned, gently running her fingers down Naseen's body.

"Let's go to your room," she whispered, grabbing the big girl's hand.

"Okay."

Leading Naseen down the hallway, Shannon opened the bedroom door and they stepped inside. Her friend cast her eyes around the softly lit room; against the back wall was a large bed, with deep red satin sheets and a wrought iron bedstead. The room itself was decorated the same shade as the bedclothes and the soft plush carpet which Naseen could feel between her toes.

"Well, what do you think?" Shannon asked softly.

"It's very nice, so you sleep in here alone then?"

"Erm...most of the time, yes," the big blonde purred, gently leading her friend over to the bed.

The pair lay on the bed, the satin sheets caressing their naked bodies; Naseen moaned blissfully as her friend kissed and nuzzled her neck.

"Lie on your back," the blonde whispered.

Lying back, Naseen gave out a startled gasp as her friend produced two silk scarves from the bedside drawer.

"Wha....what are you doing?" she asked anxiously.

"It's alright, I'm not going to hurt you," Shannon smiled reassuringly; "I'm just going to tie your wrists to the bedstead."

"What for?"

"What's the matter, don't you trust me?" the blonde teased.

"Yes....yes of course I do, I'm just....."

"Well then, relax," beamed Shannon, gently tying the girl's wrists, "I promise you will enjoy this."

Kissing her on the forehead, the big girl then slipped between Naseen's legs and slowly began to rub her pussy against her rock hard clit, making her cry out.

"Ohhhh....oh God Shan....that's.....ohhh ffffuuck!"

"Is that nice?"

"Oh God yes....harder.....harder...please Shan...pleease!"

Grabbing Naseen's leg, she thrust down harder on her friend; her cries getting louder and more desperate as she pulled at her restraints.

"AAAAAHHH.........FFFFUUCK......OH GOD YYEEAH...YYYEEEAAAHH!"

"That's it baby, come for me."

Naseen arched her back and screamed as a shuddering orgasm raged deep within, making her whole body tense as the waves coursed through her.

"AAAAHHHH....FFFUUCK...SHAN....SHAN....YYYYYEEEEAAAHHHH!"

As Naseen fell back on the bed, Shannon let go of her leg and got up off the bed. Gently stroking her hair, she smiled down at her exhausted lover.

"You okay?"

"Oh yes," Naseen groaned, "that was gorgeous, are you going to untie me now?"

"Erm...not just yet," the blonde purred, "I've got another surprise for you."
