 Monica sat idly on a bench in the school courtyard, rambling into her journal. She had so many thoughts in her head that she had to get them down on paper, otherwise she would go crazy for sure. She couldn't stop thinking about Mrs. Williams. She thought about her at night, she thought about her when she was playing with herself in the mornings before school, and she could barely pay attention when she was in Mrs. Williams class because she spent so much time staring at her. She wanted desperately just to tell her how she felt, but it was so strange, so weird she didn't think she would ever be able to. That made Monica very sad, and writing about it was her coping mechanism.

Monica was so into her writing, that she didn't even hear Bobby Slater walking up behind her.

"Hey babe," he said, covering her eyes with his massive hands. 

She dropped her pen with a gasp, "Bobby!" She turned to face him, quickly closing her journal, lest he catch a glimpse of what she had just written.

Bobby leaned down to kiss her on the lips, which she half-heartedly returned. She didn't think she was going to be able to go on having a quasi-relationship with him for much longer. He truly was a great guy, an absolute stud, and he really deserved a girl that would appreciate him for who he was, not a mixed up girl on the verge of full-fledged dykedom. 

"Hey Mon, why you look so down?" He always called her Mon.

"Oh, just a lot on my mind, Bobby. What are you doing around here?"

"Me and a couple of the guys are going over to Wendy's. Wanna come?"

His eyes were almost pleading. Monica really was a great catch. Numerous guys wanted to get with her, but Bobby fought them off like swatting flies. He looked so sweet standing there, and it made her feel special, so there was no way she could say know, even though her heart wasn't quite in it.

"Sure, Bobby, I'd love to."

She checked her watch, threw her journal and pen in her backpack as he she stood, Bobby taking her by the hand.

As they walked off towards the greasy fast food joint, she didn't realize that she hadn't zipped up her backpack, and she didn't hear her journal fall onto the grass.

Shari felt somewhat like a stalker, staring from her classroom window down at the courtyard. She had watched Monica the entire time she sat there. She loved the way Monica's long hair draped across her face, and the way she crossed her legs. She didn't even care if Monica looked up and saw her, as she just couldn't take her eyes off the beautiful creature. In fact, deep inside, she wished that Monica would look up towards her classroom. It would mean that Monica was thinking about her. Just the thought got Shari excited. She was disappointed, perhaps even heartbroken when she saw Bobby walk up and give her a kiss, and then the two of them leave together. Maybe she was going to give him a chance, Shari thought. And that meant that she had no chance at all, if she had the nerve to take it.

She was just turning away in resignation when she saw the small book drop out of Monica's backpack onto the ground. Thinking that it might be some schoolwork, she decided to go down and retrieve it, before it got lost or thrown away. She would hold onto it until critical writing class, and give it to her then.

Shari hurried downstairs and grabbed the thin, spiral notebook from under the bench. It had "Monica's Journal" written in silly "girl' handwriting in gold metallic ink on the cover. The cover was worn and tattered in places, so she had obviously had it for quite some time. Shari stared at it for a moment. 'This is Monica's diary', she thought. Monica would be devastated if she lost it, and someone else found it. Shari was glad she had been watching, she couldn't imagine how upset Monica would be if it fell into some dumb kids hands.

Walking back to her classroom to gather her things and leave for the day, the little devil of temptation was starting to get to her. Even though it would be a complete violation of privacy, what might be hidden in those pages was calling out to her. Besides, Shari thought, she wouldn't tell a soul, and this was probably the closest she would ever get to Monica. Shari closed the blinds and locked the door, then sitting down at her desk she began to read. She leafed through a few pages of idle entries about school and life in general, until one page caught her attention. It was headed with the words "My Secret Crush" in pink letters with a tiny red heart at the end.

"Oh....," Shari mouthed to herself, quickly losing herself in the words.

8-28-04

I can't believe I'm writing this, but I've got so many feelings inside of me I gotta get them out. I can't stop thinking about her. I never thought I would like girls. In fact, I like girls more than I like boys. She's so smart and so pretty, I wish I could tell her, but she wouldn't understand. Nobody would understand..

Monica had dedicated an entire section of her little journal to this, in fact it took up a good portion of the middle of it. Shari was fascinated. To read that Monica liked girls made her squirm in her chair. She was getting aroused just reading about it. 

9-6-04

I almost had sex with Bobby this weekend. Even though I don't like boys very much, he was being so sweet and nice, I really wanted to. But I couldn't stop thinking about my crush. Even when he was kissing on me, I was only thinking about her. I'm not ready to lose my virginity yet. Not to a boy. But if it was her, I would have fucked her. I know I would. I told Bobby I wasn't ready, and he just smiled at me. He was SOOOO sweet. I'm gonna have to find him a girl that really wants him. I didn't want him to be disappointed so I sucked his dick. It was only the second time I did it. He said I was great, but I don't know, I really don't know what to do when I do that. I let him cum in my mouth though, it was really weird, and tasted funny, but it wasn't that bad. He was so happy afterwards, it made me feel really good. Maybe I can make her happy one of these days.

Shari couldn't resist touching herself, these words were making her so hot. She was rubbing her pussy through her pants as she leafed through. Thoughts of her little student dancing through her head, making her dizzy with lust and affection, the kind of lust that was painfully intense because she knew that it could never, ever be fulfilled. She would have to admire her beauty from as close as she could get. Then in the spring Monica would be graduating and would go off to college, and that would be that. 

Shari decided that she needed to get off right then and there. She unzipped her pants and slipped a finger down into her cleft, going straight for her engorged bud. She moaned and wiggled softly to herself and she moved closer to a quiet, skillful climax, frigging with one hand and flipping pages with the other.

She bit her lip as orgasm washed over her, her old chair shaking and creaking. As she opened her eyes and came down from her high, she came across one short post that made her eyes feel like they would bulge from their sockets.

11-28-04

I can't take it anymore, I need to tell her my feelings otherwise I'm gonna go crazy. I got up the nerve to tell her today, I thought, but when I went to her and was about to spill, but then I made up some stupid story about Bobby. GOD I AM SO CHICKEN SHIT!!!! Maybe it's for the best though, why knows what would happen if somebody found out. I'm so unhappy.

It only took a moment for Shari to make the connection. The 28th was only 4 days ago, the day Monica dropped by her classroom after school. A tear dropped from her eye onto the page before she could catch it. She closed the journal and tucked it away in her desk drawer. Before she knew it she was sobbing uncontrollably at her desk. Her emotions were a complete mess. She had no clue what to do next. Firstly, she had to get the journal back to Monica. If she took it back and laid it under the bench, it would either end up in the trash, or worse, somebody would take it and read it. She would just have to give it back herself.

Shari didn't sleep well at all the previous night, so she was sure she looked like a complete wreck the next day at school. She tossed and turned all night thinking about Monica, about herself, about her sexuality, her husband, and everything else under the sun. She had come to the conclusion that she was better off just giving back the journal and not mentioning a word of anything that she had read, even though her heart was breaking to do so. She didn't know the depth of Monica's feelings for her, but it was better to not even go into that territory. Monica would eventually get over it, and maybe in time, Shari thought, she would too.

Shari was completely glum the next day, and the thunder and rain of a sudden storm system moving through did nothing to brighten her mood. In English class that day, although Monica looked beautiful in a pale green linen top and her customary tight jeans and sneakers, Shari noticed she was completely distracted and looked visibly upset. The bell rang mercifully, and Monica quickly gathered her books and headed for the door. Usually friendly and warm to Shari, today it seemed she wanted to get as far away from her as quickly as she could.

"Monica...." Shari said just as she was walking out of the door.

"Yes, Mrs. Williams?"

"If you have just a few minutes after school, could you stop by? I wanted to talk to you a little bit about one of your essays."

The hesitation was apparent on Monica's face. "Umm....sure. I can come by."

"Great," Shari replied quickly, forcing a smile. "See you then."

Shari had never been this nervous in her life. It was 4:00, Monica would be coming by any minute. She stood at the window, watching kids scurrying left and right to get out of the rain. What's wrong with carrying a damned umbrella, she thought. As she stood there, she heard a soft knock on the door that made her physically jump.

"Come in," she called.

Monica slipped through the door. She had changed her shirt, and was now wearing a CHS t-shirt that was much too tight for Shari's comfort. 

"Hey Monica, glad you could stop by." Shari planted both hands on her desk to keep them from shaking with nervousness.

"No problem, Mrs. Williams, what did you want to talk to me about?"

Shari paused and took a deep breath. "Well Monica, actually I didn't really have anything to talk to you about, I needed to give you something, and I didn't want to do it in class."

Monica blushed. Shari reached into her drawer and pulled out the journal. 

"I found it laying in the courtyard, I wanted to make sure you got it back before someone else found it."

Monica just stared at the notebook, as the color quickly drained from her face.

"Uhh..th, thanks, Mrs. Williams," she stuttered as she walked over to retrieve it. "Ummm...you didn't read it did you?" Monica's voice was so timid it was barely audible.

Shari had hoped beyond hope that she wouldn't ask that question. Shari was a terrible liar and her eyes betrayed her before she could even open her mouth.

"Well..." her voice trailed off as she looked away.

When she looked back, tears were streaming from Monica's face, which was twisted into a mask of absolute horror and embarrassment. She looked at Shari for a moment, and it looked as she was about to say something, but then she just turned and ran for the door, dropping the journal to the floor and leaving the door open on her way out.

"Monica, wait I can explain!" she called out, but the little track star had already made it out into the hall and disappeared into the corner. Luckily the hallways were clear, and no one saw her.

"Oh my god, what have I done,"Shari whispered to herself as thunder boomed outside. She felt tears welling in her eyes as she knew she had committed an unforgivable sin, broken this young girl's heart and embarrassed her beyond comprehension. She wanted to go after Monica and explain, apologize, do anything to make up for this. She ran to the window, hoping to catch a glimpse of her and see which way she went. She saw Monica, running through the courtyard, being soaked by the driving rain. Shari was crying fully now. She was absolutely devastated. Shari had to make this right.

Wiping the tears from her cheeks, she grabbed her umbrella and keys, leaving her purse behind and took off as quickly as she could. Monica was a track star though, and she wasn't sure she could catch her. 

She tried to be as discreet as she possibly could, as there were still some students about trying to get out of the rain. Walking down the sidewalk in front of the school, straining to hold back her own tears, and with water beginning to soak her pants legs, she found Monica hunched down behind a small half wall, a wet, sobbing mess. 

"Monica!"she called, rushing over to her and kneeling down next to her. "Oh my God, Monica, I'm so sorry, I didn't mean to hurt you, I'm so, so sorry." She dropped her umbrella and threw both arms around her, unable to hold back the tears any longer and not caring about the pouring rain. 

"Oh Mrs. Williams....I just, I just don't know...I mean, I never, ever wanted you to know. " Her voice came out in wracking sobs.

"Monica, it's OK, it really is. I'm just so sorry I hurt you, I care about you so much." The words slipped out without Shari thinking about it.

Monica looked up at her, with bewilderment in her eyes. "Really?" she pleaded.

Shari smiled and hugged her again. "Yes, really. Now do you want to talk about this? I can take you home, and we need to get out of this storm anyway."

Monica thought for a moment and beamed back, "I'd like that."

The short drive to Monica's house was mostly silent. Neither one of them really knew what to say to each other. Shari glanced over and saw Monica's gorgeous figure. The shirt clung to her and was almost transparent. Monica's nipples were rock hard and jutting through her bra. Shari couldn't help but look over at her, getting aroused and being keenly aware of her own soaking wet body. 

Shari pulled into the driveway. "Ok Monica, she said, we can talk about this anytime you want to. Or..we don't every have to mention a word of it again."

"Mrs. Williams, you're wonderful. You've always been great to me." She leaned over the console and gave Shari a big hug, which Shari gladly returned. Her pulse quickened and her stomach did flips feeling the object of her desire in her arms, with nothing but a couple of layers of soaked clothing between them.

And then it happened. Monica pulled back and planted a small, innocent kiss on Shari's lips. She made sure to linger for only a second. She immediately began to blush as she watched Shari closely for her reaction.

"Mrs. Williams, is that OK?" 

Shari sat for a long stunned moment. "Call me Shari. And yes it's OK. Are you OK? Can I kiss you back?"

Monica nodded timidly, and moved in again, for a longer, more intimate kiss. She slowly moved her tongue into Shari's mouth, and both could feel electricity. Shari's nipples and clit reacted instantly, all three rising to granite like rigidity. She had yearned and craved this moment for a long time. Now that it had happened, she didn't know what to think. She pulled away, and looked around like a thief, suddenly terrified that someone may have been around and seen her.

"Don't worry," Monica whispered. "My Mom is home, but she can't see anything from here. She won't be home tomorrow though, until late, maybe...."

"Maybe what,"Shari asked, taking Monica's precious face in her hands. She just wanted to hear it from Monica's lips.

"Maybe you can come over after school. We could, you know, get a little more special."

The cuteness of Monica's words made Shari gush inside. "Mmmm, ok. It's our little secret....I'm sure I don't have to tell you that no one can know about this. Are you sure you're ready?"

"I'm ready if you are, Mrs.... Shari. I've actually been dreaming about doing it with you."

Shari was breathing heavily, her mind reeling with thoughts of her being on the verge of satisfying her forbidden lust. "I've been thinking about it too Monica, but we can talk about it later. You better get going." What she really meant was that she wanted to get home and get herself off as soon as she could. Her clit was so hard and pussy so wet she didn't know if she could even make it home before touching herself.

"Ok. I'll see you tomorrow." She gave Shari another small kiss before jumping from the car and running up to the porch.

Shari sat there for just a moment, trying to wrap her mind around the events that just unfolded, before pulling out and heading for home. 

Mike is going to get his brains fucked out tonight, she thought to herself.

Shari looked around apprehensively as she pulled her car to a stop about three houses down the street from Monica's house, in front of a vacant house with a 'for sale' sign in front of it. She was so apprehensive, that she didn't even want to take a chance with parking in front of her house. Yet, the little smile that she had been wearing all day was still there. She hadn't been this excited in a long time. She felt like a young schoolgirl again, going over to her first boyfriend's house to make out for the first time. 

As she made the walk up to the door, she saw the door open slightly and Monica peek out. Knowing that Monica had been waiting for her, looking out to let her in at the very first moment made her blush, and aroused her as well. 

"Hi Monica," she said as she slipped in the door, shutting it quickly behind her. She surveyed the house quickly, just to affirm to herself that they were alone.

"Hi Shari," Monica replied. She was wearing a thick terry cloth bathrobe. Her hair was down, jet black and draped luxuriously across her shoulders and down her back. Shari involuntarily licked her lips looking at her. Shari was fairly tall around 5'9" while Monica was a petite 5'3", so she felt large compared to her. It was a new sensation to her, watching Monica look up at her with her big brown eyes, and she imagined that Monica felt much the same way she did when she was looking up at Mike's large 6'5" frame.

"My Mom won't be home until like 9.You wanna come sit down?" 

They walked over to the couch and sat down. Shari, always having a slight fetish for feet, couldn't help notice Monica's flawlessly manicured toes, and perfect instep. Those don't look like athlete's feet to me,she thought. Monica was clearly nervous, almost scared. Shari could feel it in her voice.

"Monica...."

"Call me Mon, all my friends do."

Shari relaxed a bit. "Mon, I'm really scared," Shari volunteered. "I'm not sure I know what's supposed to happen now."

"Me neither. I mean I know what I want to do, but....." Monica looked down as if she was ashamed. "But I just don't know if you would like it or not."

"Oh Monica." Shari reached over and grabbed Monica's hand. "I doubt there's anything that you could do that I wouldn't like." It sounded corny, but she really meant it. 

Monica bit her lip, and stood, hands on the belt of her robe. "In that case..."

She pulled on the belt and opened her robe, dropping it to the floor. She was wearing a small, revealing black bra and a pair of lace panties. The bra barely covered her nipples, which were quickly becoming erect behind the think fabric.

"I wanted to wear something sexy for you Shari. I've been wanting this for so long, I hope you like it."

"Oh my god...." Shari wriggled in her chair. The visual of Monica's milky white skin framed by the black underwear, eying her graceful curves, and seeing just a hint of her carnation pink areola was enough to send Shari right over the edge right there where she sat without even touching herself.

"Monica, that is so sexy I don't even know what to think..I mean, I never thought I would be looking at you this way. I want you so bad."
