 AUTHOR'S NOTE: This story is a re-worked and extended version of the SAME story which I uploaded back in 2016. The story takes places in the past, decades ago. If you enjoy this re-working, please check out the other stories in this series. Thank you so much for reading!

*****

Shari Keefer should have been excited for the end of her senior year at Talcott High School, but she was not. Unlike most of her classmates, she was devastated, and as the end of her final day drew closer, her heart raced with a mixture of exhilaration and sheer anxiety. Earlier she thought that the adrenaline bursts might have been brought on by the Salisbury steak and cherry Jell-O she'd eaten during lunch, but she knew better. Shari could feel her apprehension building as she got closer to the gymnasium.

The endless locker lined hallway near the gym was eerily silent since school dismissed an hour earlier than usual. It was noticeably empty of the hall monitors and the occasional teacher dashing from classroom to the workroom or teachers' lounge. They probably took advantage of the early dismissal to rush out the door for home as quickly as possible. Shari didn't blame them. Any other day she'd be loudly proclaiming how much she hated school. But now she stood there in the hall clutching a copy of the school yearbook she'd purchased earlier in the day and heaved a ragged sigh. She paused and carefully set her yearbook on the floor for a moment. Next she reached into her book bag and fished out her little silver mirrored compact. There was little need to check her appearance, but she still felt like she had to.

Shari Keefer is one of those impossibly beautiful girls blessed with creamy fair skin and a breathtaking body that was made to be worshipped. She has cascades of lustrous light blond hair and sparkling sapphire blue eyes. She has the toned soft curves of a semi-serious athlete with pert little breasts and a firm rounded rear end. Shari is a sweet yet mischievous and wry girl. An air of innocence and complete naïveté surrounds her; a sweetness that shines in her ever-present smile and a desire to please those around her.

Shari gathered up her things and entered the gym, heading straight for the girls' PE office that was near the entrance to the girls' locker room. She breathed in a hint of new floor wax and stale sweat as she walked with purpose in her steps. But suddenly a lump formed in Shari's throat and she felt the first stinging signs of tears in her eyes. This might be the last time she would ever see her favorite teacher, Miss Blount, before graduation. Since her sophomore year, Miss Blount has slowly built a nice rapport with the beautiful blond Shari.

Since the beginning of senior year, Shari's rapport with Miss Blount quickly grew into a genuine friendship. Sometimes they would make a game of slipping notes to each other in the hallway during passing periods. Shari secretly liked the danger in not knowing for sure whether another teacher or fellow student saw them exchanging notes. Even if someone did see them, the notes were fairly innocuous except for the one or two she received from Miss Blount last week. One of the notes seemed provocative to Shari in the way Miss Blount confessed that she will miss having such a "stubborn little angel" in her class. Shari blushed when she remembered that particular note which she kept carefully stashed in a small locked jewelry box in the back of her closet. She thought it was a little weird. She wasn't sure if Miss Blount meant anything by it, or if she was just teasing her. Although Shari was a generally cheerful student, she was also somewhat fragile emotionally. She appreciated the way Miss Blount seemed to understand this when the other teachers she had could care less.

Miss Velma Blount is Shari's PE teacher. She has been teaching PE at Talcott High School for almost 25 years. She is a very fit athletic butch woman who towers over her students at an intimidating 6'2". Miss Blount is in her late 40's, and that fact is evident in her boyishly cropped light sandy hair and the deep lines etched in the hardened features of her masculine looking face.

Shari recalled that the first time she laid eyes on Miss Blount, she felt fearful and at the same time beguiled by the sight of her teacher. Shari wasn't sure how to process those strange new feelings. Was it normal to feel that way about her gym teacher? The other female PE teachers, Miss Lusby and Mrs. Horton, elicited no such feelings in the beautiful blond senior. And the male gym teachers, Coach Callahan, Coach Linley, Mr. Mapes, and Mr. Johnson, did even less for her! But Miss Blount seemed to cast a powerful spell over Shari. The girl took a sort of perverse pleasure in antagonizing her teacher while at the same time she held aloft a smoldering torch.

When she reached the girls' PE office, Shari peered through the open door. Miss Blount was sitting alone in the small office nursing a cup of coffee as she shuffled through some papers she fished out of one of the file cabinets behind her. Miss Blount was aware that Shari was standing there watching her just outside the door. The girl wanted to walk inside, all smiles, and tell Miss Blount that she can't wait to see her at graduation, but she couldn't. There was no one else outside the PE office besides her, but she was a little paranoid that someone might see her staring so hard at her gym teacher.

There was something about Miss Blount that Shari found intensely attractive. Athletic, aggressive, and masculine looking women seemed to draw Shari from a very young age. She had yet to discover exactly what the appeal was, but she always admired Miss Blount from her first day in high school in spite of her predilection for being a pain in the ass—particularly if her classmates were around to watch her being one. Shari admired the strapping gym teacher's unwavering confidence. She had this remarkable knack for intimidating the most difficult students into submission without breaking a sweat. And Shari loved when Miss Blount paid special attention to her during gym class. Sometimes when they talked, she'd swear she could detect Miss Blount's softer side when all the other girls in her class were busy talking about boys and shopping.

As Shari stood in the doorway of the girls' PE office, a melancholy sigh loudly announced her presence. Miss Blount stopped what she was doing and stared straight at the beautiful blond senior, her features stern as ever. The teacher's hair was freshly cut, and her bangs were as short and blunt as her temperament. The butch woman's face was weathered and severe; her eyes a soul piercing shade of ice blue.

Shari considered leaving, but she stood frozen in the doorway clutching her yearbook to her chest. She started to set her yearbook on the floor. Miss Blount never broke her stare. She had this condescending look on her face. It was an all too familiar look that she gave to the girls who disrupted her class or refused to wear their gymsuit or take a shower when class was over. It was the look that caused Shari to admire her teacher so much. She snapped from the threat of any illicit stray thoughts with a shudder. The girl started nervously rooting around inside the contents of her book bag for a pen.

"What are you still doing here, Shari?" Miss Blount spoke in a low domineering voice. "You know graduation is tomorrow. I think you should be at home or spending time with your friends, not sneaking around the halls at school."

"Would you please...sign my yearbook, Miss Blount?"

Shari could barely mutter the words now. She was feeling so broken hearted! Her favorite teacher didn't seem to care at all that this was their last official exchange as student and teacher.

"I gave everyone time during class yesterday to sign yearbooks." Miss Blount replied brusquely before noticing the grief stricken expression on the girl's otherwise angelic face. The towering gym teacher rolled her eyes, feigning irritation, and sighed. "Of course I'll sign my favorite student's yearbook. Hand it here."

Shari barely noticed that Miss Blount had gone over to where she stood and gently tugged the yearbook from the girl's shaking grasp. The gorgeous blond senior watched in a mixture of sorrow and reverent awe while Miss Blount sat on the edge of her desk scribbling what seemed to be a long message inside her yearbook. For a fleeting moment or two, Shari imagined herself attempting to seduce the prodigious woman. But Shari thought it was a dumb idea, and it would never work anyway. Miss Blount is a teacher! And she's pretty old too—old enough to be her mother. Shari expelled the idea from her mind, preferring to fondly ruminate over her strange friendship with Miss Blount.

As she watched Miss Blount write, Shari recalled the first real exchange she had with her sexually ambiguous gym teacher several months ago. Shari habitually showed up late to PE and sometimes purposefully neglected to put on her gymsuit.

"I don't want to mess up my hair and makeup, Miss Blount."

She'd say this in a light musical voice. An innocent, winsome smile would spread across her pouty pink lips, and for a minute or so, she'd think she'd gotten one over on her teacher. But Miss Blount was a consummate professional. She demanded that the lovely wry girl should report to the auxiliary gymnasium during her lunch periods to run laps as penance for her annoying transgressions. It was while Shari was completing one of these make-up sessions for tardiness when they began to talk in earnest.

Things started innocently enough. Miss Blount initiated a conversation about school and grades and Shari's favorite subjects. Shari's favorite subject this last year had been English. She told Miss Blount that she planned to stay in Thatcher Blake after graduation and attend Blake College. Blake is the city's namesake college for women, situated on the far west side of the moderately sized city. Shari told Miss Blount that she wasn't sure whether she'd move into the dorms or rent a small apartment with her two best friends, Edith and Irene, in nearby Harmony Heights.

During another time, she remembered how they talked about music, favorite books, and what school was like when Miss Blount was a student. Shari suppressed an errant giggle when she recalled how Miss Blount explained that girls were not allowed to wear slacks to school when she was a student. Miss Blount must have looked pretty comical with her tall, lanky body stuffed in a dress! But then one day when Shari completed her laps and was about to head to the locker room to change, the towering gym teacher stopped her. To Shari's shock and confusion, Miss Blount asked her if she had a boyfriend.

"I was seeing Scott Palmer for a while." Shari said demurely.

Miss Blount's rugged face seemed to register a look of disappointment.

"Oh I see." She said. "Mr. Palmer is co-captain of the varsity football team this year, isn't he? Lucky you!"

"Yes...but Scott broke things off with me a few weeks ago." Shari replied softly.

Behind Shari Keefer's innocent beauty, there resided a heart and mind that was inexplicably taken by her gym teacher's staunch masculine presence. Was it possible that Miss Blount was just as taken with her? Miss Blount is an athletic juggernaut. She always strutted around the gym and locker room with a confident swagger that scared most of the girls at Talcott. The Amazon woman's voice is deep and mannish, with a gruff pitch that was common to so many female gym teachers. It was something that never failed to make Shari feel fluttery inside even when she was being punished for tardiness or failure to wear her gymsuit to class. And that same gruff voice could (and often did) soften up just as easily when they were alone to convince Shari that her gym teacher was still very much a woman. Miss Blount can be a sharp and arrogant task master during PE, but she usually softened her edge around Shari when the opportunity allowed for it. Shari knew she would miss that the most about her favorite teacher.

Miss Blount was finished writing. She handed the yearbook and pen back to the blond beauty who now seemed strangely absent from herself. The towering gym teacher snapped her fingers just inches from her student's face. She waved a couple of times in an effort to thrust Shari back to the present.

"Hey there, Shari berry!" Miss Blount said. She could tell that the girl was really down about something. "What's wrong?"

When Miss Blount didn't get a response, she tried to cheer the girl up. Miss Blount put her arm around Shari's shoulder and started teasing her about the fact that she'll have a whole new group of teachers to torment at Blake in the fall. Shari didn't think it was very funny. Before Miss Blount could try teasing Shari further, the girl suddenly started crying.

Miss Blount was at a loss for words. She tenderly embraced her soon to be ex-student and hugged her for the longest time. Before she knew what was going on, Shari realized her teacher was rubbing her back in an effort to soothe the pain of the inevitable parting of the ways. For a moment, the gesture seemed to Shari to be more intimate than friendly. Then to Shari's surprise, Miss Blount told her that she'd written her telephone number and address inside the yearbook. She told the quietly sobbing girl that she was welcome to call her whenever she needed her. This seemed to quell Shari's sadness for the moment. With one final reluctant hug, Shari slipped her yearbook into her bag and said goodbye to her favorite teacher. Even though Miss Blount knew she'd see Shari at graduation the next day, she secretly hoped that the girl would miss her enough to give her a call.

*****

Almost two weeks after graduation, Shari decided to call Miss Blount. She used the excuse that she needed some help with registering for her classes at Blake. It was a lie, though, and Miss Blount knew it. Shari was already registered, and besides, her freshman adviser would have helped her with that. Shari sensed that she didn't really need to use an excuse with her ex-teacher when Miss Blount suggested that they could grab some lunch afterwards and talk.

As far as Shari could tell, Miss Blount actually sounded pretty thrilled to hear from her in spite of the butch woman's attempt to dampen the enthusiasm in her voice. And it didn't take the towering gym teacher very long after meeting up to discover that Shari's story about needing help with registering for classes had been a ruse. They spent about an hour or so walking around the campus at Blake College while they talked and got to know each other better. After that, they stopped at a coffee shop for lunch before Shari had to reluctantly end their visit. She was babysitting one of the neighbor's kids, and she was due to show up in a couple hours. But during their visit, Shari began to really wonder if her teacher had feelings for her beyond friendship. From Miss Blount's perspective, she never seriously expected the relationship she'd had with Shari to ever go beyond where it stood, but deep down, she really hoped that it might.

*****

On one uneventful night in July, Velma Blount was starting to doze off in front of an old black and white movie on TV when her doorbell rang. Velma glanced over at the wall clock in the kitchen on her way to the front door. It was almost 10PM. She wondered who could be knocking at this hour, and then she remembered that her colleague, Diane Lusby, had stopped by earlier in the evening so they could go jogging together. Maybe Diane had forgotten something.

When Velma opened the door, her heart skipped a beat. There stood Shari Keefer, and it looked like she'd been crying! From Velma's perspective, the girl looked stunning as always in spite of her tears. Her gorgeous light blond hair sported a few loose curls, and she was wearing a very pretty little light sundress and sandals.

The gym teacher invited her unexpected guest inside and asked her to sit on the sofa. She asked Shari what was wrong, and just like that, the flood gates were opened anew. Shari burst into tears and her body was shaking as she sobbed. She simply couldn't contain herself! She told her ex-teacher as best she could that the idea of starting college in the fall was scaring her even though she wasn't going away from home like a lot of her classmates.

"I know it might be hard to believe, but I wasn't the best student these last few years." Shari said softly.

Velma suppressed the urge to roll her eyes and snort loudly in response to this "revelation" about the girl's academic performance. Velma knew she needed support, not sarcasm. Shari stated plainly that she was sure that she wouldn't be able to take the pressure to do well in her college courses.

For several minutes, Shari did most of the talking while Velma dutifully listened. The gym teacher tried and failed miserably to tease the blond beauty and cheer her up. Velma tried to tell Shari that everything would be all right. Suddenly she was startled by another outburst of tears. She got up from the sofa and switched off the television. She was at a loss for what to do next.

"Let me get you something to drink, Shari. I'll just be a minute or so. You stay right there." Velma headed into the kitchen without waiting for a reply.

After a few minutes, Velma returned. She sat beside Shari and pressed a glass into the girl's shaking hands. "Thanks, Miss Blount." Shari muttered. She brought the dew covered glass to her trembling lips. It was ice water. She took a few sips before setting it aside.

Shari was crying now, but for a different reason; one she was sure Miss Blount would never understand in a million years. The girl's vision was blurry from her recent onslaught of hot tears, but she stared intently at Miss Blount. Everything seemed to hit Shari at once without warning. Shari cried now because she was grieving as though someone very close to her had just died.

Shari didn't think she was the sort of person to feel grief like this. But she knew deep down that she wasn't really grieving a person. She didn't lose anyone recently except her grandmother who died a year and a half ago. She cried because she was grieving the loss of her former self. Even though she knew she could be a pain in the ass to many of her teachers, these last four years in high school had been carefree and wonderful. But now the specter of the unknown was dogging her every step, and she was afraid of having to face it alone.

The distressed look on Shari's otherwise angelic face caused Velma to suddenly feel self-conscious. Luckily she showered right after her early evening jog with Miss Lusby. She was wearing a grubby looking old t-shirt and old shorts. She was clean, but she only planned on spending a boring drowsy evening alone in front of the TV with a cold beer as her sole companion. This lovely little blond angel sitting next to her must think her old gym teacher looks pretty ghastly!

Imagine Miss Blount's shock when the girl, still sobbing, snuggled up beside her on the sofa. She buried her face against the old dyke's shoulder and sobbed quietly. Things began to get interesting then. Maybe it was the influence of the couple of beers she'd had earlier after Miss Lusby's departure, but Velma thought her ex-student looked unbelievably adorable as she did her best to suppress her sobs.

"I'm sorry that I'm being such a crybaby, Miss Blount. I'm not usually like this!"

"Don't be. It's natural for girls your age, I suppose...but call me Velma, okay?"

Shari brushed an errant tear from her lovely porcelain face and did her best to crack a smile at her ex-gym teacher. The old dyke began to feel the stirrings of liquid courage well up inside her, urging her to do something. She moved in closer to the blond beauty and lifted the girl's small chin up to meet her admiring gaze.
