 AUTHOR'S NOTE: This story takes place in the past shortly after Title IX of the Education Amendments Act of 1972 passed. Before this, girls who were interested in high school sports could only join the GAA (Girls' Athletic Association). 

If you enjoyed this story, please check out Shari Holds A Torch...there are also a few more stories featuring the same characters! As always, this story features large age differences and butch/femme dynamic. I really enjoyed writing this one, and I really hope you enjoy reading it!

*****

Winter is known as the season of drawn out darkness and cold. Lighter clothes are packed away and exchanged for bulky sweaters, long pants, and turtlenecks. The world outside lies dormant; hibernating beneath a blanket of sparkling white snow. The air is bitterly cold and eerily silent while the weak winter sunlight casts a soft golden glow on the campus of Talcott High School.

January is one of the longest months of the year. For students and teachers, there is no escape, no light at the end of the tunnel. Christmas vacation has passed, and summer vacation is still too far off to think about. It was the second Friday of the month. Miss Velma Blount was sitting alone in the girls' PE office finishing up her lesson plans for the following week. She heaved a gusty sigh and pushed the spiral bound book aside before reaching for her cup of coffee. That's done! In about 20 minutes or so, the whole school will be gathering in the main gym for the winter sports pep assembly. Miss Blount took a sip from the paper cup and wrinkled her nose in disgust. Damn, she thought. It's stone cold! I thought I just poured it!

Miss Velma Blount has been teaching PE at Talcott High School for over 25 years. She is a 51 year old athletic butch woman who towers over her students at 6'2". Many of her students respected the veteran gym teacher, but some of them actually feared her and thought she was pretty intimidating. They weren't wrong. Miss Blount's fitness, stature, and her boyishly cropped light sandy hair and short, blunt bangs made her look pretty alarming. And truth be told, she kind of enjoyed intimidating her "high maintenance" girls, the princess types who refused to put effort into anything and often disrupted her classes.

Miss Blount took another sip of her tepid coffee, and her mind began to wander just as the din of students and teachers filing into the main gym began to fill the once empty space. She couldn't wait to get home to Shari. Things had been so hectic these last couple of weeks, and this morning, she barely said a word to Shari before speeding off toward school through the bitter early morning cold.

Shari Keefer is a Social Studies' teacher at Walker High School. Before that, she had graduated from Talcott and had been Miss Blount's former student. The pretty, often rebellious teen is now an alluring 24 year old woman with lustrous light blond hair and dainty features that gave her an innocent, doll-like appearance that never failed to melt the towering gym teacher's heart. Today though, Velma felt pretty guilty for not speaking to her lover this morning. She probably thinks I'm angry at her about something, Velma thought. She wasn't angry at Shari at all; she just felt so rushed! But soon things were about to get much better...

Velma's cold blue eyes glanced up at the wall clock beside the door of the PE office. The chaotic din grew noticeably louder now, and the sounds of the concert band tuning their instruments snapped the Amazon woman out of her daydream just as Coach Linley stuck his head in the doorway before stepping inside the cramped little room.

Ike Linley, known affectionately by the whole school as "Coach" has been teaching PE almost as long as Miss Blount. The two of them had been classmates at this same school decades ago, and they were often prone to teasing each other regularly. Coach Linley is a tall, cordial looking man with dark ebony skin and a strong aptitude for football. And his aptitude paid off almost as soon as he took over as Varsity coach 20 some years ago. Talcott and North Haskell have the top Varsity teams in Thatcher Blake for the past 13 years!

"Hey there, Vel, why are you looking so down? It's our big day—Coach of the Year! Look, I even brought you something!" 

Miss Blount caught sight of a blue and white streak, and suddenly her eyes widened comically while Coach Linley stood there laughing. A soft object collided with the gym teacher's rugged face before falling into her lap. 

"Goddamn it, Ike..." Miss Blount sighed, exasperated.

She picked the object out of her lap and stared at it for a second or two before setting it on the desktop next to her lesson planner. It was a small plush blue and white dog, the Talcott Harrier. Velma saw members of Student Commission selling the little plush mascots during lunch hour in the cafeteria.

"I just wanted to get a little something for my favorite tennis coach!" Coach Linley said. "I thought you had a ton of those things at home anyway! Don't you like it?"

It was true. Velma Blount remembered the first time Shari Keefer had come to her house. It was the first or second week of July; only a month or so after she'd graduated. The poor girl looked so upset! Velma figured her ex-student only wanted to talk, and for a little while they did. But soon after, the two of them were caressing and kissing each other deeply, so the gym teacher decided to take the girl to her bedroom.

Shari stood there, frozen from a mixture of raw teenage arousal and fear while she stared at the pile of stuffed animals piled on top of the hastily made bed. At the time, it was pretty obvious that the blond beauty didn't know what to make of it. Several days later, Velma explained that the stuffed animals were gifts she'd received over the years, mostly from students and a few parents starting back when she was adviser of Talcott's GAA.

Miss Blount rolled her eyes at the grinning black man. She reached for the little plush mascot, and kissed the top of its head.

"It's lovely, Ike." She said. "Oh, before I forget..."

Miss Blount tapped the spiral bound lesson planner she'd set aside. Besides being the Varsity football coach, Ike Linley is also the PE department head. He glanced over his shoulder and shouted a greeting to a couple passing students.

"Hey, I gotta get going, Vel." Coach said. "I'll come by and pick that up on my way out the door tonight. See you in a few!"

Velma Blount sat alone at her desk for a minute or so as more people filed into the gym. Pep assemblies are always seen as a welcome break. And today the student body was particularly loud and boisterous—bursting with school spirit! Velma had a feeling that today's assembly would be rowdier than usual. The boys' Varsity wrestling team is competing against North Haskell tomorrow afternoon, and the winter semi-formal is next Saturday.

Miss Blount got up and stepped outside the PE office. In all these years, pep assemblies never failed to amaze her. And today the principal, Mr. Bowen, is announcing the Coach of the Year award sponsored by the school district and the Talcott Fans Association.

"Oh Vel, there you are! Mr. Bowen wants you and Ike up front as soon as possible!"

Velma glanced over at her colleague, Diane Lusby, who stopped the masculine giantess just as she was about to shout a hello to a few of her 1st hour students. Miss Lusby had something in her hand. It was red, and she could see the pearlescent head of a straight pin sticking out of it. Velma mashed her thin lips together and scowled. It was a corsage!

"Diane, you know I don't wear stuff like that!"

Miss Lusby seemed to ignore her colleague. Velma stood still and did her best to look away while the dark haired gym teacher pinned the corsage to the front of Velma's shirt.

"Yeah we all know, Vel. But Coach of the Year is kind of a big deal around here...the biggest, actually." 

"Does Ike get one too?" Velma quipped. Miss Lusby shot her colleague a dirty look. "Thought so..."

"Don't worry, Vel. You can take it right off when the assembly's over." Now Miss Lusby leaned in and lowered her voice to a loud whisper. "Why don't you give it to Shari when you get home? I think she'll love it!"

Hmm...now there was an idea! Velma was still feeling guilty about not saying anything to Shari this morning. She'd wondered a few times during the day about what she could possibly do to make things up to her beautiful young lover. But before the towering gym teacher could form any more thoughts on the subject, Diane Lusby pulled her by the arm through an open set of double doors to the main gym. The pep assembly was already in full swing!

Rob Linquist, senior class president and captain of the Varsity swim team, shared the floor with senior class vice-president Tara Petersen as the first two games wrapped up. Now Rob handed the microphone over to Mr. Bowen who called Miss Blount and Coach Linley up to the podium.

"I'm so excited for you, Vel!" Miss Lusby gushed. "Thanks." Velma replied. As the towering gym teacher walked across the gym towards the podium, the Talcott Harrier dashed out in the middle of the polished wood floor and danced while the school fight song played:

Rise and shine, Talcott!

Rise on to victory,

Wave the flag—onward go!

Fight, fight, fight!

We hold our colors dear,

Hey, look—the gang's all here!

Rise and shine, Talcott, fight, fight, fight!

The crowd erupted in earsplitting cheers as the Harrier executed a perfect backflip. After Mr. Bowen delivered his speech, he presented Miss Blount and Coach Linley with the plaque bearing both of their names. After the assembly, the plaque would become a permanent fixture along with the other trophies and plaques displayed in the hall outside the main gym. Then Mr. Bowen gave both gym teachers a gift certificate for dinner at Midnight Sun, one of the nicest restaurants in Thatcher Blake.

Suddenly the entire gym exploded with screams, cheers, and loud whistles. One entire section of the gym started stomping their feet in rhythm while the Harrier and the Pom squad broke out into a full dance routine. As the stomping grew louder, the crowd began chanting: "Crush North Haskell, crush North Haskell!"

Miss Blount and Coach Linley made their way across the gym while the bombastic cheering showed no signs of stopping. Coach wrapped his arm around Velma's taut waist, and his colleague did the same as both of them waved at the cheering crowd.

"All in all, I'd say it's been a pretty good day, Vel!" Coach Linley said with a grin.

"Yes. Yes it has." Velma sighed. She really wished Shari could have been here today to see it.

*****

Velma arrived home after running a few quick errands after school let out. Huge flakes of snow tumbled steadily from the night sky, adding an additional layer to the already present glittering white peaks and drifts. The fresh snow crunched beneath the soles of Velma's boots as she walked the short distance from the garage to the back door of her house. The sound shattered the otherwise intense quiet accompanying the bitter January cold.

The Amazon woman stepped inside the mudroom where she shed her hat and winter coat before taking off her snow-crusted boots. Velma reached for her house shoes which were next to the kitchen doorway. Funny, she didn't remember leaving them there, but she was grateful to have something warm and dry to slip her feet into.

Shari was in the kitchen, tending to a pot warming on the stovetop. A familiar and tempting aroma of rich meat and gravy filled Velma's nostrils, reminding her that she hadn't eaten anything since this morning right before 1st hour. Coach Linley and Coach Callahan brought fresh coffee and donuts for everyone in the PE department. Velma never cared for donuts, but she took one anyway; a plain one. She did appreciate the coffee though. It was very black, strong, and piping hot.

The old dyke was tempted to walk up behind Shari. She wanted to grasp the blond beauty's small shoulders and plant a kiss on the top of her head, but she hesitated. She preferred to admire her gorgeous young lover who she called her wife for the past few years from where she was standing.

Shari gave the contents of the pot another stir before going to one of the cupboards where she grabbed a couple bowls and some silverware which she brought over to the small kitchen table. The lovely girl glanced over at Velma, giving the masculine giantess a shy smile. She never said a word as she went back to the stove. In a way, Velma couldn't really blame her, but she was starting to get a little worried.

"Whatever you're making there smells good, honey." Velma said. "I—ah—I'm sorry I was a little late getting home. There was a departmental meeting after school, and...the snow's getting bad out there."

Shari silently ladled the contents of the pot into two the two bowls. It was beef stew! And Velma could tell it was homemade too. That was one of the things she loved about Shari. The girl loved to cook, and she was very good at it too! Now Shari went over to the fridge and poured herself a glass of water. She glanced back up at Velma.

"Water? Or would you rather have a beer?"

"Oh—ah—water's fine, honey." The old dyke replied sheepishly.

They sat across from each other at the small kitchen table. Velma took a couple bites of the stew and burned her mouth. She took a few gulps of water, nearly emptying the glass. The silence was killing her. She had to say something—anything!

"Shari, honey...about this morning...I'm sorry for not speaking to you. I guess you're pretty angry at me right now. I don't blame you."

"I'm not mad, Velma." Shari softly replied. "I actually thought you were mad at me!"

"Really? Oh no, honey!" Velma perked up a little. She took another bite of stew. "Our winter sports pep assembly was today."

"So how was it?" Shari asked.

Velma looked like she was ready to burst: "I won Coach of the Year! Ike Linley did too. First time they ever picked two of us like that...what's wrong, did I spill something?"

Shari was staring at Velma's chest, and a smile crossed the girl's full pink lips.

"So did Coach Linley get one of those too?" She giggled, and Velma glanced down at her chest. Damn, Velma thought. I knew I forgot something! The old dyke carefully removed the straight pin from the corsage and tried to perk up the satin ribbon that was attached to it.

"Look..." Now Velma handed the corsage across the table to Shari. "A rose for my stubborn little angel." Shari was all smiles as she sniffed the little nosegay. "And I have a gift certificate to that place at the Faust Hotel." Velma noticed Shari's smile suddenly disappeared. "What's wrong, Shari berry?"

"It's just that...I don't have anything nice to give you! If I knew you were going to win Coach of the Year..."

"I don't want anything, honey." Velma said. "You're all I ever need in this life."

Shari was almost finished eating when an idea suddenly struck her: "I think maybe there is something I can give you." She said. "The snow outside is getting worse, and I heard during my last planning period that it might not stop until tomorrow afternoon. Why don't you finish eating? There's a little more left in the pot if you want it. I'll be back in a little bit."

Shari got up and placed her dishes in the sink before leaving the kitchen. While Velma continued eating, she heard the sound of a door closing somewhere down the hall, and after a couple minutes passed; she heard the muffled sound of running bathwater. Velma finished eating and cleared away her dishes, and then wandered into the living room.

The towering gym teacher paused in front of the television set for a few seconds, whistling softly to herself. She glanced over at the sofa and decided to take a seat after switching the TV on. An old spaghetti western was on tonight. Velma exhaled sharply before sliding her feet out of her house shoes. The drapes were already drawn, but she had a feeling that tomorrow morning she'd have quite a lot of shoveling to do. The thought of having to shovel snow prompted the gym teacher to get up from the sofa. Right now, she wanted—no, needed a beer! After all, it's Friday night, and she did win Coach of the Year. That certainly calls for something more than just a silly plaque and a gift certificate!

Velma went back to the kitchen and made a beeline for the fridge. She reached in and grabbed a beer from the bottom shelf, and then rummaged through a couple drawers until she found the bottle opener. The prodigious woman took a deep swig of her beer before tossing the bottle opener aside. Her back was facing the doorway to the living room. Now she heard the television being switched off and the sound of soft footfalls approaching from the other room.

"What have you been doing this whole time, Shari berry?" Velma asked. "You've been gone for an awfully long time!" She took another swig of her beer and fought back the sudden urge to let out a loud belch.

"I was just in the bathroom...getting your present ready."

Velma turned to face Shari, and a strangled cry escaped her just as the beer bottle slipped from her hand and hit the linoleum floor. The bottle bounced once before shattering, creating a mess of liquid, froth, and broken glass.

"Damn! Shari...don't come any closer, honey. Go into the other room while I clean this up!"

Velma peered back into the living room where Shari stood looking down at her feet. The towering gym teacher got one blink, maybe two before she felt her body beginning to tremble and the beer bottle slipped from her hand. She exhaled sharply, disgusted with herself for being startled like that. While Velma grabbed the broom and dustpan to clean the mess up, she contemplated the scene that suddenly made her lose control.

Shari was dressed in a gorgeous sky blue babydoll nightie with matching lace trimmed panties. The nightie was sheer enough to reveal the lovely curves of the girl's body underneath the gauzy fabric. And although the thing wasn't completely see-through, enough was clearly visible to nearly give the old dyke a heart attack! 

With shaking hands, Velma wiped up the puddle of liquid with a washrag, wringing it out into the sink before tossing a couple shards of glass into the trash. Gracious! Velma suddenly felt like an awkward teen. Shari looked so beautiful, so...stunning! The old dyke peered in the direction of the living room once more. Shari was still standing there, watching Velma cleaning up the last of the mess she'd made.

"I had this for almost two weeks." Shari said softly. "I wasn't sure if I should take it back to the store. But if you don't like it..."

Velma stood just a few inches away from her gorgeous young lover, taking in the sight of that scant blue nightie. Damn, Shari looks so beautiful! She looks just the same as she did in high school!

"What do you mean 'if I don't like it'? My goodness, you look so beautiful, honey...like a living doll! Is this my present?"

Velma wanted to pin Shari to the floor. She wanted to devour her, but just as she was about to grab the blond beauty around the waist, Shari dodged the other way, standing just out of reach.

"Hey—no fair, young lady!" The towering gym teacher tried once more to grab the girl by the waist. She almost succeeded this time, but Shari somehow managed to wriggle out of the butch woman's grasp. Velma was suddenly caught off guard when Shari slapped her hands away.

"But I thought this was supposed to be my present!" Velma's cheeks looked a little flushed as she nervously rubbed the bony knuckles of her right hand. Jesus, she had no idea Shari could hit so hard!

"It is, but you have to promise to do what I say. And right now I say keep your hands to yourself, Miss Blount!"

