 AUTHOR'S NOTE: This story takes place sometime in the past. As the reader, I leave it up to you to decide the year or decade. For starters, you might enjoy reading Shari Holds a Torch. This story features large age differences and student-teacher dynamic. If this sort of story is not your thing, skip this. For everyone else...please enjoy!

*****

Velma Blount nervously drummed her fingertips against the surface of her kitchen table as she glanced up at the wall clock for the nth time. In an hour or so, she'd pick Shari up. They'd have a nice dinner together at a nice restaurant downtown before they were due at the church. It was Saturday, and she'd had her hair cut yesterday after school let out. A sensible, very short pageboy style with blunt bangs framed the roughened, somewhat mannish features of her face. The style honestly made her look quite alarming—something she very much enjoyed especially when she had to tangle with the surplus of "high maintenance" girls enrolled in her classes this year.

Miss Velma Blount teaches PE at Talcott High School. She is an extraordinarily fit athletic butch woman who towers over her students at an intimidating 6'2". At nearly 50 years old, Miss Blount had established a reputation for being an unpleasant, domineering sort of woman. She is a veteran teacher with 25 years of experience, and she had no compunction about putting lazy and disrespectful girls in their place. But Miss Blount wasn't always the strict and arrogant task master. It seemed like only yesterday when she began to form a strong bond with one of her students. That same student somehow got to Miss Blount in a way that none of the others could.

But when the girl graduated, Miss Blount was devastated even though she tried not to show it. She was pretty certain that after the graduation ceremony, she'd never see the girl again. Still, the rapport they formed with each other grew and blossomed into an intense intimate relationship. Over a year has passed now, and as far as Velma was concerned, her relationship with Shari Keefer was as strong as ever.

Velma got up from her seat at the kitchen table. After glancing up at the clock again, she headed over to the bookshelf in her living room. Her eyes scanned the third shelf, settling at last on a copy of the Talcott yearbook, "The Dial." It was one of several yearbooks Miss Blount had accumulated during her many years of teaching. She pulled the book she wanted from the shelf and sat on the sofa thumbing through the pages until she found Shari Keefer's senior picture.

Velma heaved a wistful sigh, and she brushed a couple fingertips across the surface of the page as if to caress Shari's face. Shari Keefer is so beautiful, Velma thought; breathtaking! The girl's lustrous light blond hair tumbled just past her shoulders. The features of her face were so sweet, innocent, and doll-like. Eyes the color of sapphires laughed and sparkled up at Velma from the page, and she had a mischievous wry grin. It was certainly hard to believe that this stunning little beauty held a smoldering torch for her homely old gym teacher!

But she did. While many of Shari's classmates left Thatcher Blake after graduation to attend colleges out of state, Shari chose to stay and attend Blake College. One humid July night over a year ago, she went to her gym teacher's house and knocked on the door, and Miss Blount let her in. Things started innocently enough. Shari intended on just talking to Miss Blount, but instead they ended up making love.

It's hard to believe that it has been over a year since she and Shari Keefer started their relationship; a solid year and a few months of steady courtship. Of course their relationship had its ups and downs like everyone else's. Occasionally they'd argue over petty things, and sometimes Shari preferred to spend time with her classmates from Blake on Friday and Saturday nights. Velma couldn't really blame her for that. It's perfectly natural to want to spend time hanging out with girls her own age. Besides, Velma sometimes had to cancel plans she'd made with Shari because of her own obligations as a teacher and coach.

But tonight would be different; special. A few months ago, Velma asked Shari to marry her. Of course, the marriage would only be a commitment ceremony. It isn't legal or acceptable for two women (or two men) to marry. Although Velma was used to dodging rumors and spiteful digs about her sexuality, she couldn't help feeling like she'd condemned Shari to a miserable life of hiding in the closet. Just the same, Shari insisted that she wanted this. She loved Velma, and that was all that mattered. Fortunately, they already had the approval of the church and the women's Bible study group to which Velma belonged. The only thing left now was to fully consummate the relationship—make it real; official.

Velma glanced down at the yearbook which was now lying open on her lap. Every time she laid eyes on Shari, she was smitten! That was the way it was the very first time they really began to talk. As usual, Shari came to gym class late...

*****

Shari darted down the hall and fought her way through a crushing sea of students and hall monitors yelling at everyone to hurry up and get to class. She dashed down the nearest stairwell and plunged headlong into another crush of students until she reached her final destination, the girls' locker room.

As she started changing out of her clothes and into her gym suit, she saw her friend, Irene Olafson. She called Irene over.

"Hey—tell Miss Blount I'll be right up. I gotta use the bathroom first."

Irene nodded and said: "Sure thing!" before heading to the small stairwell leading up to the main gym. A few minutes later, Shari appeared and joined her classmates who were standing around waiting for Miss Blount to finish taking attendance. Of course, Miss Blount saw that Shari was late, and she wasn't having any of it.

"Late again, Keefer!" Miss Blount snapped in that gruff, mannish voice that always gave Shari the chills. "I'm getting real sick of this!"

Shari, all smiles, said: "I'm very sorry, Miss Blount, but I needed to change my tampon! It won't happen again!"

Crippling outbursts of giggles and laughter echoed loudly from the other girls. Miss Blount was furious, but she was careful not to show any outward signs. Her thin lips puckered momentarily like a cat's asshole as she tutted disapprovingly at the beautiful blond senior. This was followed predictably by another outburst of giggles.

"Ten laps, Keefer!" The gym teacher snapped. Miss Blount made a sort of sweeping motion with her hand in the general direction of the far side of the gym. "Let's go—hustle!"

Now Shari let out a "Sheesh!" before she was startled into action by the shrill sound of Miss Blount's gym whistle.

"Any more lip from you, Keefer, and I'll be more than happy to double those laps!"

Shari, having met her match, decided it would be better to just start running and get the laps over with. With Shari out of her hair for the moment, Miss Blount decided to get class started. They were finishing up their unit on basketball this week. Miss Blount liked to get her girls started off with some light stretching before having them practice drills.

It was times like these when Shari found herself stealing glimpses of her gym teacher. Sometimes those glimpses were brief. Other times, the glimpses developed into outright stares born from a mixture of fascination and disgust over her teacher's masculine appearance. Unfortunately for Shari, Miss Blount discovered the blond senior practically burning holes with her eyes into the area of her decidedly flat chest. Shari gasped in fright when Miss Blount suddenly made a beeline for her.

"Is there a problem, Keefer?" Miss Blount asked coolly. Shari didn't really know what to say to that.

"Um—no, Miss Blount." Shari replied meekly. "But it isn't fair for you to punish me like this! I—I really had to go to the bathroom!"

"Well then, since you don't mind wasting my time, Miss Keefer, I don't mind wasting yours either. You will meet me back here in the main gym after school. Maybe an hour or so of doing nothing without your friends to cheer you on will help you understand the importance of coming to class on time!"

An off-key chorus of howls and giggles filled the gym, echoing and swarming around Shari's head like a cloud of angry bees. This isn't fair!

Shari stood there staring at her gym teacher in stark disbelief. Her eyes moved past Miss Blount's homely face and settled on the wall clock near the bleachers. Ugh, Shari thought. 38 minutes of class to go before they could go back to the locker room to change! Suddenly Shari was shocked back to the present by the shrill blast of Miss Blount's whistle piercing her eardrums like a knife.

"A whole hour? I can't, Miss Blount!" Shari started to protest.

"Less whining and more running, Keefer! Move it!"

At the time, Shari would have loved to rip that gym whistle out of Miss Blount's hand and make her choke on it. But one glance at her teacher's face made her decide to go through with her laps instead. Neither one of them knew that this marked the official beginning of a friendship that, over time, would evolve into something very intense and very wonderful.

*****

When Shari went back to the main gym after school, she didn't really know what to expect. The place was totally empty except for a few basketballs lying near the free throw line on the polished wood floor. Shari could just make out the faint din of the J-V volleyball team practicing in one of the auxiliary gyms. Otherwise, the place was like a tomb.

Shari stood around for a few minutes, wondering whether or not she should just leave. She started to pick up her book bag and head out when Miss Blount stepped into view.

"Honestly, I expected you to not show up." Miss Blount said. "I'm impressed. Why don't you put your book bag over there by the bleachers? Let's shoot some hoops."

Shari couldn't help feeling skeptical about her teacher's intentions. Miss Blount is always so stern and serious! Why does she want to shoot hoops? This is so weird, Shari thought. She set her book bag down and just stared at the Amazon woman scooping up one of the basketballs on the floor. Miss Blount hardly resembled the stern, steely woman she usually is during class. In fact, Shari's gym teacher seemed genuinely happy—even a bit playful!

Shari held her breath when she saw Miss Blount carefully aiming the ball at the hoop from the free throw line before throwing a hook shot. The ball just missed; it kissed the rim before bouncing off towards the bleachers.

"Damn...so close!"

Shari heard Miss Blount pushing the words through her teeth before glancing over her shoulder at the shy senior.

"Excuse me, Shari." She said sheepishly. "You, uh...didn't hear me say that!" 

Suddenly the tension seemed to break and melt away. Shari burst out in a fit of girlish giggles. The strapping gym teacher suppressed a cough, and instantly her cheeks turned bright red. 

"What's so funny, Keefer?" Miss Blount snapped. She was trying to sound serious and regain control of the situation, but it was no good. Shari was still giggling.

"It's okay, Miss Blount." She said. "Sometimes I swear too when something doesn't go right. Who doesn't, huh?" 

"Is that so?" The gym teacher replied. "Then you don't mind if I try that shot again?"

Without waiting for an answer, Miss Blount retrieved the ball and returned to the free throw line with a macho sort of swagger in her steps. Her eyes were fixed on the net once more, and she aimed.

"Ha! PERFECT!" Miss Blount shouted.

This time the ball hit its mark, barely touching the net as it went in. Now Miss Blount dashed towards the net and caught the ball before it hit the floor. She approached Shari with the ball and held it out to her as if she were presenting her with the Hope Diamond.

"Want to give it a shot?"

For the next hour or so, Shari and Miss Blount took turns at shooting hoops while they talked and slowly got to know each other. Shari was surprised to discover that her gym teacher had a softer, less serious side to her otherwise abrasive personality. And Miss Blount was intrigued to discover that Shari was gregarious and very bright in spite of her behavior during class. She genuinely enjoyed the company of the beautiful blond senior, and by the looks of things, the feeling was mutual. Although being forced to stay after school is universally regarded as a punishment to avoid at all costs, Miss Blount was sort of stunned when Shari Keefer began to make a regular habit of coming to gym class late...

*****

Velma snapped out of her daydream and glanced down at the yearbook open in her lap. She heaved a gusty sigh before setting it aside. It's probably about time to get going now, she thought. She got up from the sofa and went into her bedroom. From the closet, she selected a V-neck sweater which she put on over her crisp button-down shirt. Although it had warmed up during the last week, the evenings were still a little chilly.

Once outside, Velma opened the garage door and stopped for a second to buff a small smudge of something on the rear passenger door of her car, a slate gray Plymouth Fury hardtop. She was pretty proud of her car. She bought it brand new last year, and she was a stickler for keeping it clean. Best of all, Shari liked it too.

Velma pulled the car out of the garage, and then dashed out just long enough to close her garage door before getting back in. There was just one quick stop she needed to make before picking Shari up at Blake College. She forgot to check the time once more before leaving, but she figured her errand wouldn't take too long. 

Velma whistled softly to herself as she drove. She was heading for downtown. Kolburg Jewelers was just a couple doors down from Woolworth's and that one bowling alley that so many of the high schoolers liked to hang out at. What was the name of it? Oh, yeah, the Comet. Velma remembered Shari talking about meeting her friends there sometimes after school.

The drive downtown was thankfully short even though it's Saturday, and there were still quite a few people darting in and out of the stores. She parked the car and fished around in her pocket for a dime to feed the meter, then started walking towards her intended destination. But Velma was so focused on her pursuit, she barely noticed the girl who stepped out of Woolworth's. The two nearly bumped into each other, and Velma clutched the front of her sweater as though she'd just had a heart attack.

"Oh, hey, Miss Blount!" The girl said. "What's the big hurry?"

It was Marilyn Peters, her 2nd hour student assistant. Marilyn is a junior assigned to help Miss Blount with the freshman class. She's a very nice girl; cheerful and pretty athletic too. Velma heaved a rather gusty sigh and shot the girl a hard look. 

"Hello, Marilyn. Look—I can't stop to talk right now. I'll see you in class Monday, okay?"

"Okay, sure, Miss Blount. Have a good weekend!" The girl chirped as Velma turned her back to leave.

Once she reached Kolburg's, the hardened features of her face scrunched up into a twisted frown.

"Damn!" Velma huffed. "What am I supposed to do now?"

There was a sign taped inside the front door of the jeweler's. Mr. Kolburg closed the store a couple hours earlier today. He was attending his 30th class reunion over in Mt. Percy. The sign went on to say that they'd be open tomorrow at the usual time. Velma sighed again. Oh well, she thought. It wasn't as if Shari would be disappointed. In fact, Shari knew nothing about Velma's trip to the jewelers. It was supposed to be a surprise.

Velma wanted to give Shari something very special; a reminder of her commitment and devotion. She really wanted to give Shari a ring, but some of the women in her Bible study group cautioned her against it. "It would raise too much suspicion!" Jude Horst said. Jude is one of Velma's close friends, and a fellow PE teacher at Kent Junior High. "Why don't you give her something that she could wear with a nice dress? How about a necklace?"

The decision was made one previous Saturday afternoon when Velma walked into Kolburg's after picking up a few things at Woolworth's. She started browsing the glass cases filled with pretty little charm bracelets, earrings, and necklaces until her eyes spotted a delectate little gold necklace with a delicate gold cross. It's perfect, Velma thought. Shari will love this! 

She purchased the little necklace and asked Mr. Kolburg to have it wrapped. She lied and told the man some flimsy story about wanting it for her niece's birthday. Velma hated lying, but she had her teaching position to think about. She was one of the most respected teachers at Talcott—she couldn't ruin her reputation even if many of the students and parents already had their suspicions about her. Oh well, Velma thought as she went back to her car. It's time to pick Shari up anyway. Hopefully dinner will be pleasant. By now, she had worked up quite an appetite.

Velma drove through the tree-lined streets of Thatcher Blake in silence. After a few minutes, she decided to reach over and switch on the radio. Neil Diamond was belting out "Cracklin' Rosie," filling the car's interior with its catchy tune. Before she knew it, Velma was whistling along until the song ended. This was followed by some ad for used cars complete with annoying jingle. Great, Velma thought. She switched the radio off. Now that jingle would be stuck in her head! She passed through the far side of Thatcher Blake now, and almost ten minutes later, she reached Blake College. 

Blake is the city's namesake college for women. It sits on a sprawling parklike campus dotted with trees and several quaint buildings that included a large library, gym and natatorium, Fine Arts, Math, and Science buildings. Several of the dormitories at Blake were named after prominent local citizens. As Velma's car crept along the road, she stopped and asked a girl carrying an armload of books where Lofgren Hall is.

Velma got as far as the library when she spotted Shari sitting on a bench outside waiting for her. She parked the car and walked over to the girl, stopping just a few feet away from the bench where she sat.

"Well, hello there, beautiful!" Velma said. "You sure you don't mind going out in public with a rough old tomboy like me?"

Shari answered with a shy giggle. It was true. Shari was looking forward to tonight, so she wanted to wear something nice. She chose a light colored blouse and a matching skirt that complimented the waves of thick blond hair that tumbled past her shoulders. The girl stood up now and wrapped her arms around the strapping older woman.

"I couldn't wait for you to get here, Velma." Shari said.

"Glad to hear that, Shari berry!" Velma said. She lightly tapped the girl's shoulder, and the two of them headed towards the car. " I don't know about you, but I'm pretty hungry. Let's grab something to eat, shall we?"

They had dinner at Fiorini's, this nice little steak and seafood restaurant downtown. While they ate, the two discussed plans for Shari to move in with Velma during winter break. Shari liked the idea very much. Her roommate, Becky, was already planning on renting an apartment near the campus. Two of Shari's other classmates planned to share the apartment. Although living off campus with her friends sounded fun, she wasn't too keen on having to share such a small space with three other girls. And Shari was very much in love with Velma even if she knew she had to hide it from everyone.

As Shari excused herself to use the bathroom, Velma paid the waitress. When Shari came out, Velma was already waiting for her by the door.

"Ready to head over to the church?" She asked. Shari nodded, and a soft smile spread across her gorgeous full lips. 
