 There's a story which precedes this, 'Auntie Katie catches me,' which Literotica published under the heading of 'Incest/Taboo.' Like that story this one was submitted as a Lesbian Sex story so if this also appears under the heading of Incest/Taboo be warned there's no incest and, unless you count my Auntie Katie being a very old friend of my mothers, there's no taboo. Incidentally, reading that previous story is not essential but it does set the scene if you become curious.

***

When I returned from work rather than being in her room Auntie Katie was sat on the settee wrapped in a light dressing gown, reading. I was a bit nervous. I was expecting her to be very cross with me. She had every right to be. That very morning she had slipped back home unexpectedly and caught me mid-orgasm using her Hitachi wand vibrator to pleasure myself. But tonight rather than ripping a strip off of me she looked up and gave me a reassuring smile of welcome, "I thought we ought to have a little chat but first, poor lamb, you look exhausted. You get undressed whilst I go run a bath for you."

I was stunned. I had expected there to be a further reckoning. After Auntie Katie had caught me jamming her wand between my legs and coming hard she had pinned me down and used it to teach me exactly how effective a wand could be, a lesson that I would never ever forget but... Maybe that was it, perhaps that was my lesson. And if so, what a lesson it had been! She'd made me pee myself and come all at the same time and not any old climax either. Oh no: a massive, brain whirling, gut wrenching, hip bucking, lip biting, toe curling, gushing orgasm that left me sobbing and shaking with pleasure. Then she'd enfolded me in her arms and we'd kissed, and I'd felt as though she was about to devour me whole and I'd wanted her to devour me whole. I still wanted her to devour me whole, stripping off for her whilst she ran a bath for me, that sounded so promising, my little nipples tightened.

"Come up little one," she soon crooned enticingly from the top of the stairs, "I've run a lovely warm bath for you and once you are in it I'll even kneed your shoulders to work all that horrid tension out of you so you'll be all relaxed for me." She wanted me all relaxed for her, that sounded even more promising.

The bath was deep, steamy and swaddled in bubbles, she'd poured in perfume giving the room an overwhelming musky odour and even lit her special candles. She helped me in and then shrugged off her own gown revealing that underneath she too was naked. Clearly this was not going to be the serious telling off I'd anticipated so I closed my eyes and relaxed. I was tired after a long shift, twelve hours in total. On top of that I had been tense all day long because I knew that borrowing Auntie Katie's wand without asking her was wrong, very wrong. I knew she could be very strict and I felt really guilty about deceiving her like that. But the bath, hotter than I normally take them, was so relaxing. She stood behind me, placed her strong fingers upon my shoulders and began to work out the knots: I was in heaven, I sighed with pleasure and dropped my guard.

"Carole, borrowing my wand was wrong." I might have stiffened at that but her clever probing fingers more than mitigated her stern words. "You could have asked me, I would not have minded but I suppose you were too embarrassed. I expect you were quite surprised that your ancient aunt even owned such a thing. I don't imagine you'd tried one before. Well you were very naughty but I forgive you because I was a bit naughty too."

"Auntie?" whatever could she mean? I was utterly confused. "How could that be?" I blurted, perplexed. After all it had been me that had done all the bad things.

"Well I did rather take advantage of you."

"Auntie? How? I mean it was me that took the wand..."

"Now hush up my pretty little thing and listen. When I caught you masturbating this morning I hadn't simply arrived home, heard the wand, rushed upstairs and discovered you like that. Oh no," she chuckled. "I was already home when I heard you switch the vibrator on, so I crept upstairs to investigate and before I disturbed you I had been watching you for a while. I wasn't so surprised, I'd guessed you must have discovered my wand when you went through my closet hunting for a leotard. So yes I scurried upstairs when I heard the noise but rather than interrupt you and spoil your enjoyment I peeped through the crack of the door to see if I could watch what you were up to. And with you facing the long mirror like that I had a delightfully explicit view of everything, so I lingered and enjoyed the show you were putting on for me. You looked so wanton and shameless, slumped in my arm chair with your legs draped over the arms spreading you so wide, totally oblivious to everything apart from the intense pleasures which that wand delivers."

"You slid the wand down until it was pressed to your clit and I could hardly believe how quickly you came. I mean I know it's powerful but only pent up lust and a lot of anticipation could have made it work that kind of magic on you. So I knew you were in a frenzy and would be ever so susceptible. And then almost immediately you came again and it was so obvious that you'd totally lost it and were oblivious to everything that I risked slipping around the door for a better look. You'd no idea, that third orgasm didn't take long either, and yes it was that easy to spot when you actually came, not to mention the noise. Each time you peaked you were making a real hubbub. But after that I was puzzled, you started to screw up you face, bit your lip and jammed the wand against yourself harder than ever. Though once you grasped a nipple and started to squeeze and twist it so viciously I began to understand."

"The wand was getting too much for you, you needed to come whilst you still could. It does that! It does that to you, it does that to me and, especially, it does that with your..." auntie cut herself off abruptly, "it does that to most everyone," she blurted hastily. "And if you could carry on, which you can't because it really is unbearable, and trust me I've tried to force myself to continue more than once, never with any success. Even knowing what's going to happen you just can't force yourself to take the sheer ferocity of what your clit is doling out, an agony too sweet to bear, isn't it pet?"

There was a drawn out silence but I was submerged in a world of sweet memories of body shaking orgasms and strong fingers doing the most amazing things to my neck and back so it was a while before I realised she was waiting for me to answer, "yes auntie," I cooed dreamily.

"But you could be made to bear it, especially sprawled out like that in my chair; I knew that you would find it almost impossible to lever yourself up. So I decided to take you where you could not go alone. My shouting was a ruse, it was a means of playing on your guilt, make you feel totally in the wrong, ensure your complicity and, most importantly, to minimise any resistance. And it worked, it worked beyond my wildest dreams. Of course I couldn't be sure you'd react exactly as your..." Another abrupt pause, "as you did react, exactly the way your... " I mean, "exactly the way I expected. If you were forced to carry on I was confident you'd squirt. You didn't pee exactly, it's not wetting yourself; you feel one big gush and at the same time you come and... Well that orgasm is..." she paused to collect her thoughts. "Bigger than anything you've ever experienced before," she finally concluded, rather lamely. But then I too couldn't convey just how good that orgasm had felt: whatever I said would have sounded pathetic when compared with the magnitude of what I had actually experienced.

Auntie continued, "and then I took advantage. It's the same with your... I guessed exactly how you would react so I didn't roll off you right away to cuddle you, comfort you and guide you gently back down to Earth as I could have done. No I held back deliberately until you had hit the ground with a real bump, sobbing and shaking. Only then, when you were at your most confused and conflicted, did I move to comfort you. I petted you, I reassured you and at long last you allowed me to do what I've wanted to do with you from the moment you arrived here to stay with me, kiss you properly. And in your dazed state you could do little else but responded passionately. Really passionately it transpired, so my question is, even though I've been a wicked aunt who's taken advantage of you and played on all your vulnerabilities, would you like to share my bed with me tonight?"

I ought to have hesitated, I ought to have at least pretended to consider things, I ought to have demonstrated a smidgeon of reticence but I didn't even think about it. "God yes Auntie," I gushed joyously and then suddenly began to sob. Auntie lifted my head by my chin, dabbed my eyes and then pressed her lips to mine. We kissed. We kissed with a fervour and passion I'd never ever felt before, I felt delirious, we consumed one another, our breasts mashing together under the force of our embrace.

Without breaking that sweet kiss Auntie lifted me from the bath effortlessly, I clung to her neck and she carried me to her bedroom. She must have grabbed towels because when she dropped me on the bed I fell into a vast nest of warm fluffiness. She lay on top of me, I wrapped my legs around her and we continued kissing. Our mouths were locked, our tongues exploring, my hands roamed over her back gently scratching her soft skin with my nails. When I reached her taunt buttocks I clawed a little more firmly and her kiss became more urgent, she pressed her tongue even more forcefully into my mouth. My hands roved over her muscular thighs and she eased off a little, relaxed a shade so I began to explore the margin between her body and her legs, feeling for her lips and she squeezed me so tightly I though she was going to crush me.

How stupid and naive I was - another kerplunk moment - Auntie Katie was every bit as randy as I. More so: I was enjoying the physicality of the embrace but after that earlier train of massive climaxes culminating in the final overwhelming squirting orgasm which she had literally wrung out of me, there was no great urgency to my lust. But auntie: auntie was on fire. I'd never though of old people, you know people of my Mum and Dad's age, being randy anymore. I know Dad still gropes Mum and tells her how sexy she is but since I've been older I know he only does that to outrage me, I mean, how can he possibly mean it: mum's ancient, mum's wrinkly. But I was having to revise my thoughts about parental aged sex fast. Auntie Katie was their age, Auntie Katie's a bit wrinkly, especially first thing but she was making the kinds noises that I only make when I'm building to orgasm.

Alarming idea: maybe she wasn't the only one! I suddenly recalled one night when I was tiptoeing to the bathroom, I could have sworn Mum and Dad were using a vibrator but I'd convinced myself there had to be a more sensible explanation. A massager or something, I mean your Mum and Dad just don't have sex anymore. But, unless I was totally misreading everything, Auntie Katie was giving every indication of becoming very aroused indeed and then my probing fingers discovered just how wet and slippery she was, leaving me in no doubt.

I knew exactly what she needed right then so I broke our kiss. "Auntie? Would you like it to be me who makes you come this time?" I asked coquettishly, fluttering my eyelashes outrageously. And as I asked this of her I allowed my fingers to slide further between her slippery lips and explore even more intimately.

"Fuck! Yes!" she exclaimed in a sigh, eyes bright. "Oh, fuck yes," she husked panting, pushing herself on to my fingers. Then the dazed, glazed, hungry expression was suddenly wiped from her face and equally abruptly the sensible, stern, in command, Auntie Katie returned, "but only after I've dried your hair. We can't have you going around with a full head of bed hair in the morning" and she giggled, her shoulders shaking like a silly girl's.

As Auntie brushed and dried my hair, telling me how lucky I was to have such long shiny tresses I took the time to examine her bedroom. Apart from dashing in madly that one day to try to find a leotard for work, which hadn't been there anyway, I'd hardly been in her room and it was somewhat unusual.

The first wall was perfectly normal if a little more feminine than I'd have expected of Auntie Katie herself. Pushed up against the chimney breast was the large double bed we'd been lying on, covered in scatter cushions, damp towels and even a couple of old battered cuddly toys. There was also a bedside table with a lamp that had a heavy pink shade with a white lacy frill. The second wall was perfectly normal too. Two pairs of soft pink curtains drawn across the two sash windows to keep out the night. The third wall was also quite usual, the bedroom door in one corner followed by a pair of built in wardrobes. It was the fourth wall that was extraordinary.

The fourth wall, the wall opposite the bed, was mirrored from floor to ceiling with a small gap at about waist height where a hand rail was fitted, like in a dance studio. Then, for a meter or so on either side the two adjoining walls were also mirrored. Whilst most of the bedroom was thickly carpeted, the floor between the mirrors was polished wood, buffed to a dazzling sheen. Auntie Katie obviously took her exercise very seriously indeed. There was one final oddity, instead of it being in its usual place in the spare room, the narrow arm chair that auntie had made me squirt all over that very morning had been moved into the window corner between the mirrors: most odd.

When she was satisfied with my hair auntie stoop up, put the dryer down, took my hand, pulled me to my feet and towed me over to her arm chair. She sat down and pulled me onto her lap. I wound my arms around her neck and zoned in for a kiss. She gently held me off and whispered, "don't forget pet, you promised that you were going to make me come."

I smiled, "of course I'm going to make you come auntie. I'm going to make you come just as hard and as often as I am able too. But first..." and I forced myself down on to her lap and the passionate kissing resumed. Each time we broke for air I whispered in her ear what I was proposing to do. "Auntie I'm going to lick your clit." Another long kiss. "Auntie I'm going to slip two fingers inside of you and see if you enjoy the things I enjoy." Another long kiss. "Auntie I'm going to squeeze your little nipples too," this time with a nibble to the lobe of her ear before I resumed kissing her lips. Auntie wriggled in the chair, her breathing deepened, she enjoyed that.

Now auntie was not your typical lover. When my lover explores me I close my eyes and delight in all the sweet sensations of being touched, surrender myself utterly to the tactile. Not so Auntie Katie, she kept her eyes wide open and gradually, as we kept breaking apart, I realised she was watching me pleasuring her in the mirrors around us.

I soon ran out of ideas about the different things I might do to her so I began to tell her how she made me feel. How, when she was so stern, outwardly I would shiver but unseen my nipples would contract and stiffen. How when she laughed at my stupidity and made me blush, she'd also made me want to mash my thighs together to ease the yearning between my legs. I found myself telling her about my fantasy: her and the tall dark man in his sharp grey suit, crisp white shirt, neatly knotted red silk tie and black shiny shoes and how she was the one to make me spread my bum to reveal, well everything intimate and how I imagined she enjoyed making me blush.

"Really," she giggled as she broke away backwards and spun me around so I was suddenly face down over her lap. "You think I'd have you spread your cheeks apart." I wiggled embarrassed as she place her thumbs along the crack of my bottom. "You imagine I'm the sort of person who'd peel you apart to expose you little pink anus." Well it wasn't just my imagination because as she said it that's exactly what she did. "Now my sweet pet, in a way you are quite wrong about me because I wouldn't just look. Oh no! I'm the kind of person who likes to touch."

"Auntie," I wailed, going bright red because not only was she touching my little pink anus but pressing gently, "Auntie, for God's sakes."

"I'm the kind of pervert who would press down upon your little pink anus hard enough to make you think I might even push that finger right inside of you. Ease you open a little." And she was doing exactly that and I was biting my lip, trying to keep as still as I could: I was terrified, I desperately wanted her to stop and I desperately wanted her to push a little harder so she did invade me and I would discover how it felt. Clearly that air of gentle yet persistent smouldering perversion Auntie Katie possessed extended far beyond her aura.

"I expect you know that men like having their bottoms fingered," auntie was prattling but I wasn't listening. I was far too busy wondering why is it that when my tummy goes all tight with nervousness like that it makes my thighs feel all mushy, it's embarrassing, I was biting my lip praying she'd get on one way or another. But auntie neither relaxed nor opened me up, she simply maintained that firm pressure on my tight little sphincter, making me cringe. "There's even a place inside there that you can rub that's said to make men come really hard. Well did you know some women enjoy anal penetration too. Are you one of those women pet? You've gone ever so still but is that because you want me to take my finger away or is it because you want me to push a little harder so you can find out exactly how it feels to be gently but firmly prised open?"

That strange feeling in my tummy was not going away, dread and sexual excitement all jumbled up, fear and longing. "And you know what pet? You are quite right. When your cheeks are spread like this not only can I see your little pink anus but I can also see exactly how wet you are and I'd say that right now you are very wet indeed." Before I could react she flipped me back upright on her lap, grabbed my hair and guided my head to press my lips against a nipple. "But we can address all that another day because, pet, it's time for you to keep your promise to make you old auntie come as hard and as often as you are able."

I obediently sucked and as I did so I gently pinched its partner betwixt finger and thumb. I felt auntie starting to relax a little so I wormed my bottom down so she had to gradually part her legs little by little to better accommodate me. Her breathing was slow and deliberate. I gently tickled the very tip of her nipple with the very tip of my tongue eliciting a little sigh. Definitely time to swap nipples. After my earlier torment at auntie's hands before I began to make her come I at least wanted her shivering with anticipation and preferably champing at the bit, wild with lust. With only my fingers I couldn't deliver what she had forced upon me with her wand but I could still do my best. Her breathing was becoming more ragged and it was time to slip a hand between her thighs.

Auntie was also very wet indeed and I wondered if I should rub her clit or slip a finger or two inside of her and explore there. Meanwhile I switched to nibbling on an ear. The noises she made, little sighs and whimpers, she really did enjoy that. Soon I was probing her slick tunnel with two fingers, using my other hand to toy with her nipples whilst caressing her ears and neck with my lips. Auntie was well into this, she had relaxed completely and was allowing her legs to part wider and wider as she wriggled and writhed with little shivers of pleasure. Soon it would be time to set to work in earnest on her sweet slippery sex but first, first came kissing and fondling, because before I allowed her to vent her head of steam I wanted to stoke her fires until she was boiling so hard she thought the pressure would make her burst.
