 The phone rang Saturday about 1:00 PM. Christy was on the phone. I had spent the previous night at her apartment celebrating New Year’s Eve. Christy asked me what I was doing. I told her that I had just got out of the shower and I was on my way out the door with my boyfriend Dave to eat. She asked me if I was going to spend the day with Dave. I told her no that Dave was heading back to New Jersey after we ate. She asked me if her and Sharon could come over and hang out since all of the guys were still at her place and they were watching football. I told her I didn’t have any specific plans so if they wanted to come over and hang out that would be fine. 

I asked her if Sonya and Donna were going to come to and she told me that they were invited but they had decided to go home instead. I told her to come over in two hours and I would be back. Dave and I headed down to the corner to a little Italian bar/restaurant. Dave wanted to continue discussing the previous evening. My boyfriend had managed to be with every woman at the party and it clearly was the highlight of his life. I was aware that he had been with Sharon, Sonya and myself so I asked him when he had been with Donna and Christy. Dave replied that he had screwed Donna while Sonya was getting double dipped with Tom and Tim. Dave also tells me that Christy grabbed him near the end of the night and gave him a blowjob in the bathroom. After discussing the timing, I decide that Dave must have met Christy as she was cleaning up from Pete and that’s why she came so quickly when her, Sharon and I were together. 

Dave asks me if I will tell him about my night. I tell him I would rather not get into any specifics. He asks me how many men I was with. I respond that I was with him and Tim and Pete. I tell him that Sharon complimented his abilities and that I was glad he had a good time. He asked me if there would be other parties similar to last night and if so would I invite him. I told him last night was my first time at anything like that but if everyone decided to get together again I would certainly call him. We finished breakfast and I kissed Dave goodbye. We made plans to go out together the next weekend. 

Shortly after I arrived home, Christy and Sharon rang my bell. I invited them in and at their request gave them a tour of my place. I have a small two-bedroom apartment I share with a roommate who is never around. I opened up a bottle of white wine and we moved to the living room to chat. Conversation quickly moved to the previous night’s party. Christy tells me that everyone else slept over except Dave and I and all agreed that the party was a raging success. I reply that Dave had a great time and wanted to know if there would be another one. 

Christy asks me if Dave and I are seeing each other exclusively. I tell her that we are not. I get up to pour more wine and return to my seat. Sharon and Christy exchange looks and Christy asks me if I would be interested in fooling around. I have sort of half expected this to come up. Before I can give an answer, Sharon tells me that Christy has told her how I met Christy and Mike. She says that she really enjoyed what happened between us last night and would like to spend some more time getting to know each other. I look at them both and tell them I can’t think of a better way to spend the next several hours. With that on the table, I invite them to come into my bedroom.

We all pile into my room and Christy suggests that to get things rolling we each play strip poker. We had discussed this last night and decided not to do it, but with just the three of us it may prove fun. I go get a deck of cards and return to the bed. We agree to play five-card draw and start by removing our shoes and socks. We are all now wearing four articles of clothing so it is fair for all. I turn up the heat so we will not be cold. I deal out the cards and Sharon wins the first hand. She asks Christy to take off her sweater. Christy stands up and takes off her sweater and carefully folds it and puts it on the chair. She is wearing a sexy blue lace bra. 

Christy deals and Sharon wins again. She turns to me and asks me to remove my top. I stand up and unbutton my shirt. Before I let them see me I apologize and tell them I am not wearing sexy lingerie. Sharon tells me it won’t make any difference since we will all be naked in a few minutes. I take off my shirt and return to the bed. I deal the next hand and I win. I ask Christy to remove her jeans. Christy tells me to pick on Sharon, but I respond that I am dying to see if she is wearing matching panties. Christy stands up, opens her belt and slides her jeans down her legs and steps out of them. As I predicted, she is wearing a matching bikini bottom. 

Christy deals the next round and I win. I smile at Christy and turn to Sharon and ask her to remove her top. Sharon stands up and pulls her shirt over her head and gives her breasts a shake. Christy and I applaud her show. Sharon deals and Christy wins. Christy turns to me and tells me to remove my pants. I stand up and slide my pants off. I am wearing a white cotton thong. Sharon claps her hands and tells me to turn around for them. I pirouette for them and return to the bed. I deal and Sharon wins. Sharon asks Christy to remove her bra. Christy asks me if I would help her. She stands up and turns her back towards us. I stand up and unclasp her bra. Christy holds her bra and turns around and when she is facing us, she slides the straps off her arms while keeping the bra covering her breasts. She then slowly removes her bra. I clap and tell her that she looks just like a movie star. 

Christy deals and she wins. She tells me to remove my panties. I stand up facing Sharon and Christy and slide my panties down my legs. I slide a hand down to my pussy and spread my outer lips open and show them my pussy. I toss my panties to Christy. I deal and Christy wins. She asks me to remove my bra. I unsnap my bra and set it down. I am now naked and Sharon asks what the rules will be if I lose again since I have no clothes to lose. Christy says that the loser must honestly answer a question posed by the winner. I suggest that the loser must do what the winner says. Sharon suggests that the loser must pleasure the winner. I say that it’s better if the loser does what the winner asks since the winner may have some more creative ideas. After further conversation, we agree to try it my way.

Sharon deals and Christy wins. Christy turns to me and tells me I should come over and kiss her breasts. As I get up to comply, Sharon asks if we should put a time limit on each request. Christy suggests we set a limit of five minutes per request. Sharon counters with two minutes to keep the game rolling and to prolong the game. I agree with Sharon. I move over by Christy and sit next to her. I lean forward and run my tongue around the aureole of her right breast. I continue to run my tongue around her breast without touching her nipple. 

I continue to do this for a few moments to make sure I have her attention. Her nipples begin to stiffen as I continue to tongue her aureole. I remove my tongue from her breast and gently blow on her nipple. I then take the erect nipple between my lips and flick my tongue back and forth across the tip. I then repeat the entire process on her other breast. Sharon announces that two minutes are up. I stop caressing Christy and before I move away, I give her a sexy tongue kiss that she avidly returns. As I go back to sit down, Sharon asks Christy if she enjoyed my caresses. Christy says absolutely. 

I deal the next hand and Sharon wins. Sharon asks me to come over and kiss her breasts. I can see how this game is going to go. I move over to Sharon and instead of sitting down, I stand her up and then lean forward and begin running my tongue around her aureole. Sharon’s nipples are already partially hard. Her nipples are tiny compared to Christy’s nipples. After running my tongue around her one breast, I move over and work on the other breast. 

After a few seconds, I move directly to her nipple and take her nipple and aureole into my mouth. Sharon voices her approval. I continue to suck on her nipple. I gently nip on her nipple. When Christy announces that the two minutes are up, I back away leaving her with two very erect nipples. I help her put her bra back on and then I kiss her gently on the lips and return to my seat. I deal and finally win a hand. I tell Sharon to remove her pants. Sharon stands up and quickly wiggles out of her pants and sits back down. Sharon is wearing a red silk bikini panty. Sharon deals and wins. She looks at me and asks me to come and lick her pussy.

I move over to Sharon and pull her hips to the edge of the bed. I kneel between her open thighs and begin kissing her pussy through her panties. Sharon asks me to remove her panties and I tell her she did not specify that her panties should be off. I tell her since she didn’t specify, it is up to me and I will kiss her how I choose. I continue to kiss her entire pussy through her panties until Christy announces time is up. As I stand up, I can see that between my saliva and her secretions, the crotch of her panties are soaking wet.

I deal the cards and I win. I turn to Christy and tell her to remove her panties. Christy stands up and removes her panties and then sits down. I complain that she didn’t give us a show. Christy deals and Sharon wins. Sharon tells Christy she wants to be licked with her panties off. I clap my hands as Christy gets up and walks around to Sharon. Sharon removes her panties and has her legs spread by the time Christy arrives. I tell Christy to eat her good. Christy kneels down and begins to tongue Sharon. I watch as Christy gives her clit a thorough work out. 

I announce that two minutes are up and Christy stands up and returns to her seat. I remind Sharon she has to put her panties back on. She reluctantly stands up and slides her panties back on. Christy moves back to her spot and deals the cards again. Sharon loses and when Christy and I compare our hands, I win. I tell Sharon I would like her to remove her bra. Sharon releases the snap and slides her bra down her arms and off. She quickly deals out the next hand. Christy wins the hand and I lose. Christy tells me she wants to be licked. I move over between Christy’s legs and begin to lick her. As I am licking her, I watch as Christy closes her eyes and leans back. A soft moan escapes her lips as I continue to tongue her pussy. Sharon announces that two minutes were up. I stop licking Christy and stand up. 

As I return to my place on the bed, Christy asks if we would consider a rule change to extend the time from two minutes. I tell her no way since Sharon still has panties on and we should stick by the rules. Christy looks at Sharon and Sharon tells her lets continue playing by the rules for a few more rounds. I deal the cards and Christy wins and Sharon loses. Christy tells Sharon to remove her panties. 

Sharon stands to remove her panties. She sits down and deals the cards. I win and Sharon loses. I smile at Sharon and tell he I want her to lick me. Sharon smiles and asks me if I am sure that’s what I want. I assure her it is. I lie back on the bed and spread my legs wide for Sharon. Sharon crawls between my legs and she leans forward. She spreads my lips apart and begins running her tongue around my opening. It seems like Sharon just starts to lick me and Christy announces that two minutes are up. I sit up and grab Sharon’s hand and stand up and give her a deep, wet kiss and say thanks. Sharon returns to her place and deals the cards. Christy loses and Sharon wins. 

Sharon invites Christy over to lick her. Christy moves between Sharon’s open legs and dives in. Christy is licking Sharon with gusto and I can sense a high level of arousal on all of our parts. I move over to my closet and pull out my bag of toys. When I return, I tell Christy and Sharon the two minutes are up. Sharon looks totally wild and I can tell she is close to an orgasm. Neither of them has noticed my bag of toys. Sharon asks if we want to continue playing the game or stop. I tell them if they keep playing, I may be willing to share some game facilitators with them. 

I dump my bag of toys on the bed. As they look at my collection of vibrators, dildos and other toys, Sharon and Christy agree to continue playing. We all agree that since we are all so turned on, we should increase the time to five minutes. Sharon picks up my 9” bullet vibrator and tells us with the help of this she will come next hand she wins. Sharon deals out the cards. I win and Christy loses. I tell Christy she should use whatever toy she wants on me for five minutes. Christy looks at my collection and picks up a two- headed dildo. 

She tells me she has never used one and asks me for help. Sharon also has never seen one. I pick up the cards and put them on my nightstand. I ask Sharon to stand by the side of my bed so she can watch. I have Christy lie on my bed and then move so I am lying with my pussy right next to hers. I then begin putting one end of the dildo into myself. I am totally wet so it slides in easily. I then take the other end and place it by Christy’s pussy. I push the head into her. I ask her to sit up. Christy sits up and then I sit up. We are now facing each other. I tell her to kiss me. As she leans forward to kiss me, I begin to slide the dildo back and forth between our pussies. 

Christy’s eyes open wide as she starts to kiss me. The dildo slides into her about four to five inches. As we kiss, I speed up the motion of the dildo. I scoot my hips closer to hers so there is only room for my fist on the dildo. I continue to move the dildo as we continue to kiss. I reach up with my other hand and wrap it around her neck. Christy is just starting to moan around my tongue when Sharon announces that five minutes are up. Honestly, I was getting close to an orgasm myself, but rules are rules. I stop kissing Christy and remove the dildo from our pussies. I shakily ask Sharon to get the cards. Sharon hands the cards to Christy and she deals out the next hand. As we are looking at our cards, Christy tells us that she needs to win because she is so hot she is ready to burst. I agree with her.

I lose and Christy wins. Christy doesn’t say a word as she picks up the two-headed dildo and hands it to me. I hand the cards to Sharon as Christy and I move into position by Christy. When I am in position, I take one end and reinsert it into Christy’s pussy. Before I put the other end in me, I slowly feed 8” to 10” into her. Christy moans her appreciation. I insert the other end in me and as I begin to kiss her, I reach down with my free hand and begin rubbing her clit. Christy immediately returns the favor. As we continue to play with each other, I hear Sharon turn on the vibrator. I am so close to having my orgasm that I don’t care. 

I speed up the thrusting of the dildo as I continue to rub Christy’s clit. Just as I feel my orgasm begin to start, Christy falls back onto the bad and begins her orgasm. This has distracted me so instead of having mine, I watch Christy have hers. From the flopping her body is doing on the bed, I can tell it is a good one. I continue to fuck the dildo between our pussies as I try to refocus on recovering my focus to my orgasm. Just as I regain focus, Sharon starts moaning she is coming so I get distracted again. I turn and watch Sharon as she comes.

I am so horny, I feel like I am ready to burst. We rest for a few minutes, and then I get the cards and deal another hand. Sharon apologizes for cheating but she said watching Christy and I fuck ourselves with the dildo was too much for her. Christy can barely move. Luckily for me, I win and Sharon loses. I tell Sharon I want her to lick me until I come. I lie on my back and spread my legs for her. I arch my back to push my pussy against her tongue. I begin pulling on my hard nipples. Sharon has a good pace going and I can feel myself responding to her. I begin to ride her mouth as waves of pleasure start. A soft moan escapes my lips. I open my eyes to see Christy staring at me from inches away. I open my mouth to receive her tongue. Sharon slides several fingers into my pussy and begins slide them in and out. 

My nipples harden further in response to my caresses. I feel my orgasm begin to take shape. I moan deeply as Christy continues to kiss me. As my orgasm begins, I moan one final time. Sharon continues to stroke her tongue over my clit as the waves of pleasure move out from my pussy. Wave after wave of pleasure roll over my body to my brain as I have a very big orgasm. I let go of my nipples and sink back into the bed as I begin to recover. I feel Sharon remove her fingers from me. Christy sits up and lets me breathe. Sharon comments that the game is a lot of fun and she would like to keep playing. Christy agrees. I tell them I am happy to continue. 

Sharon deals the cards and Christy wins. Christy asks Sharon to lick her while she uses the bullet vibrator. I watch as Sharon complies. Within minutes, Sharon has Christy moaning as she responds to her caresses. Before Christy comes, I announce that the five-minute limit has expired. As Christy sits up to continue playing, I can tell that Sharon had her really close. Sharon deals the cards and she wins. She asks Christy to return the favor. Christy moves over by Sharon and gets between her legs. Sharon holds her lips open for Christy. I watch once again for five minutes. By the time Christy is done, I have become aroused again despite my recent large orgasm. As Christy deals the cards, I win. I ask Christy to lick me. Before she starts, I take a string of love beads from my bag of toys. Both Christy and Sharon ask me what they are. I explain as I lubricate the beads. I ask Sharon if she would like to help me insert them. She says yes. I hand her the beads as I roll over onto all fours. I have her spread a drop of lubricant on my rear opening and then have her insert the beads on at a time into my ass. 

When she is done, I ask her to turn them on. I roll over onto my back to let Christy lick me. As she puts her hands on my hips she tells me she can feel the buzzing of the vibrator. Christy gently licks me until Sharon announces my time is up. I sit up as Christy deals the cards. The beads in my ass continue to vibrate as we pick our cards. I lose and Sharon wins. As I move over to lick Sharon, I ask her if she would like a set of beads in her. She thinks about it for a minute and then she says she will try it. I lubricate another set of beads and tell Karen to get on her knees. 

I run my tongue around her back opening until she is good and relaxed. I can tell by her response that she likes what I am doing. I slowly insert the beads into her and then turn them on. I then roll over and crawl underneath her and begin running my tongue around her pussy. By the end of five minutes, Sharon is moaning and shaking, but I won’t let her come yet. As I sit up, I see Christy sitting there rubbing her clit with one hand while she is sliding several fingers of her other hand into her pussy. I ask the girls if maybe we should stop the game for a while. Sharon and Christy both say yes. Sharon tells me that the love beads are the sexiest thing she has ever felt and she is still totally aroused. She asks me where to find a set. I tell her the love beads are nothing compared to something else I have in my bag. I ask her if she is woman enough to try another of my surprises. Sharon laughs and tells me if I recommend it she will try it. I reach into my bag and pull out an 11” dildo that is my favorite toy. Sharon’s eyes are huge as I describe the pleasure I get from this toy. 

I have her lie on my bed as I move between her thighs. I fully lubricate the dildo as she watches. Before I put it in her, I lean forward and lick her until I feel her body respond and she begins to lubricate. I sit up and begin sliding the dildo along her open slit. After several minutes, I begin to work the head of this monster into her. Once the head is in, I leave it there as Sharon adjusts to the size. I lean forward and run my tongue around her clit, as I make sure plenty of saliva runs down to her hole. I begin to slide the dildo in and out of her trying to insert a little more with each stroke. When I have managed to insert about half, I again lean forward and lick her clit. 
