 During our first few semesters of college, while living in the dorms, my roommate, Jenny, and I would have mutual masturbation sessions, at least twice a week. They never went further than watching each other, although I wish they would have.

Last year, we moved into an off campus town house. Now that we have our own space and bedrooms, we haven't had one of these sessions in a very long time.

I woke up one morning and realized that I would have our house to myself for a few hours. I hooked my laptop up to our TV in the living room and started my favorite porn playlist. I then sat on the couch and got comfortable. 

Even through my panties, I could smell my sex. I was so wet already. My nipples were erect and straining the fabric of my tank top. I gently graze my hand across them and feel a surge of electricity to my cunt. Enjoying the tease, I continue to massage my breasts, rolling and pinching my hard nipples.

My panties are soaked. I am wiggling in my seat, hoping to please my aching pussy. Slowly, I finally slide a hand through the waistband of my panties. As I rub my smooth slit, the pleasure rushes through me.

I remove my panties and tank top and let them fall to the floor. I bring my legs up onto the couch and spread my thighs wide, to give myself better access to my lips, clit and cunt. My pussy falls open, waiting and anticipating the upcoming pleasure.

Leaving one hand on my breast, I slowly let my hand flow over my tummy, rub my thighs and finally find my soft folds. I gently tug on my lips. The sensation nearly sends me over the hill.

Engrossed in my movie and my pleasure, I don't hear the door open or my roommate come in. I don't notice she's in the room until she is next to me. Already naked. I glance at the floor and see a trail of clothes leading up to the couch. I get even more excited. I have so missed watching her fingers please her cunt and hearing her moans of pleasure. 

Today, instead of sitting across from me, she sits next to me, close enough for our legs to touch. As I realize this, a spark flies to my clit and as I start to rub it, I feel a hand on my arm, guiding me.

Feeling adventurous, I take my other hand and remove her hand from my arm and place it on my pussy. I feel her tense as she feels my wetness. I start to guide her as my other hand makes it's way between her legs. Rubbing her thighs and eventually, rubbing her pussy, the way I know she likes, the way I've watched dozens of times before hand. Her pussy is smooth and wet. I hear her let out a moan as I start to work her pussy, a finger in her hot, wet cunt, while my thumb rubs circles on her engorged clit. Our other hands are each caressing our own breasts. Her hands are working my pussy as I get closer to orgasm. As my own builds, I feel her pussy start to clench against my fingers. We cum together, eyes locked.

We continue to play for a while longer, until our pussies are to sensitive and tired to continue. My hand is still drenched in her pussy juice. I take my fingers into my mouth, while holding her gaze and suck her juice off of them. She does the same and as I watch, I am overcome by the need to lick her folds clean. I wink and slide off the couch until I am kneeling between her thighs. Her sex fills my nostrils. I lick her thighs, her slit, her lips and finally, circle my lips around her clit and give it a little nibble and a tug. I can feel her bucking her hips and her hands are on the back of my head, grinding her pussy into my face. 

I hear her breaths quicken and feel her body tense, as though orgasm is close, I lick the length of her slit... Flick my tongue over her clit, swirl it around her hot cunt and end circling her rosebud. As her hips buck against my face, I know I have her where I want her. I continue to lick her rose bud as my hands finger her cunt and rub and pinch her clit. I feel her start to clench with orgasm and move my face back to her pussy. As she explodes, I lick up her juices. 

My cunt is aching for pleasure again. As she dozes off, I head to my bedroom and quickly finger fuck my cunt to two more orgasms before falling asleep myself.

As I drift off to sleep, I wish and home that this is the first of many times with Jenny.