 Author's Note: This is my third story. After having done a true story for my first, and pure fiction for my second, I decided to share a story from my own life – this story is completely true, believe it or not, and one of my fondest memories. The names, other than mine, have been changed to protect everyone's privacy.

As before, this work is given freely to any who might enjoy it, though it should be credited properly to its author. If you shouldn't be reading adult material, don't read this. Otherwise, please enjoy.

***

I pushed closer to her, my body wedging her against the wall. My free hand held her wrist over her head, pinned to the wall, as my other hand explored the soft, slick, rippling texture inside her body. Her breathing in my ear was sharp and light, punctuated by panted gasps.

One of her legs was raised, her foot braced on the opposite wall of the tiny closet just behind me. Her panties dangled from her raised ankle, and her free hand clutched the collar of my coat. Her raised leg was straining and twitching in little involuntary kicks as I pumped three fingers firmly inside her, buried deep, twisting and curling. Her other leg, barely touching the floor, twisted and groped for purchase to increase the stimulation, but uselessly – the hard tile floor was far too slippery under her shoe.

My eyes were closed. I breathed in the scent of her neck, concentrating as though I were creating a mental map of the inside of her pussy, learning every inch of it.

My thumb massaged her clit so slowly, so agonizingly slowly. I felt her breath get warmer and less steady as she buried her face in my neck, her gasps breaking apart. The silk of her hair against my neck and ear only got me hotter, and I ground my hand into her, my eyes fluttering as I listened to her try to speak, able to form only broken words in my ear.

I had never done something like this. How had I gotten here?

***

So, who am I, and who was this girl? Well, let's start with me. The girl, on the other hand, will take some explanation. After all, this story is about me, even though I'm telling it for her.

I'm a petite woman, standing about 5'3. If I weren't in good shape, I'd be skinny. My hair is a naturally light red – I've worn it at many different lengths, but at this time in my life, about ten years ago in my early twenties, I wore it feathery short – almost a pixie-cut, fluttering around my ears and neck.

My breasts are small, but round. My hips are narrow and my legs long, while my shoulders are narrow but relatively square. My eyes are a pale green – I'm told they sparkle, whatever that means. The things we tell each other.

I've always known I'm bisexual – when I was a teenager, I didn't fantasize about the attractive English professor, or the cute, blonde, curvy math teacher. I fantasized about my history teacher and his gorgeous wife – there's another story there, but that's not our topic for today.

At the time, I was working as a freelance writer for a little advertising firm in Seattle, where I've lived all my life. It was crummy work, but it paid decent, and I've never been one to work a nine-to-five job. Most of the rest of the company hated me. I was what they wanted to be – an independent contractor who came in, got work, turned it in faster than they could have, got paid, and left.

I'd never have gotten the job if it weren't for Eleanor. Eleanor was a delightful little spitfire of a woman, tough, smart, clever, and bitchy as hell when things weren't exactly the way she wanted them. She and I got along fine – I'd lost my parents in middle school, and she'd filled in the female role model I still needed at that point in my life. Eleanor had found me in college – I never graduated, I found it horribly dull – and offered me my first little bit of work, simple proofreading and editing stuff that slowly evolved into full copywriting and whatever other freelance stuff she could find. Now, the company depended on me – I did easily the work of three full-time people in less than half-time, and even though I was expensive by the hour, I still saved them a fortune.

That leads us to the beginning of our story – on this particular Saturday, I woke to the feeling of a finger gently stroking the outer curve of my ear. Slowly, things filtered into my mind, other sensations. The feeling of sheets on my bare skin. Warm, soft flesh against my back, filled in by my memory as a familiar pair of full breasts.

My friend Kat and I had been sleeping together for a couple of weeks. We weren't a couple, by any means. We met in high school, and from time to time over the years, when neither of us had anyone and we got lonely enough, we'd end up together for a while. It was safe and comfortable – we trusted each other too much to hurt each other over it – and the sex between us was always fantastic, since we both knew what we liked and were comfortable enough with each other to just enjoy it.

For whatever reason, she always woke before me in the mornings, and when we slept together, I always woke to one of two sensations. A kiss on my neck and a long hug, followed by her slipping out of bed and toward the bathroom; or this light stroking of my ear, which meant she didn't want to get out of bed quite yet.

This morning, feeling that stroking, I sighed to let her know I was awake. Then, instead of feeling her hands wandering over me as I usually did on these mornings, I heard her voice softly in my ear.

"You okay, babe?"

I half-rolled to face her, smiling the little half-smile everyone knows is my real one. "Yeah, not too bad."

"Good." She leaned over to kiss me. One kiss became several, and just as I was starting to heat up, her hand stroked my thigh and up over my mound, and I jumped. Kat usually went much slower.

"No, no, girl," she murmured against my lips. "Not today." Her hand stroked again, found the spots that really made me squirm, and within thirty seconds, she had me writhing under her, panting into her neck, my hands gripping at her, the sheets, and the headboard – anything I could reach to get leverage to press against that hand. She made me come faster than I could ever remember climaxing before, so fast that it actually startled me when it hit, listening to her murmured encouragements in my ear as my hips bucked out of control and I cried out her name.

"Good girl," she whispered, and started to pull away, but I was having none of that. I rolled her on her back and held her down, growling – I'm not a dominant girl, but I'm persistent when I want something.

She laughed, trying to fend me off. "No, no, Jess, it's okay, I'm okay, ahhhh..." That last sound wasn't voluntary, and accompanied by an arch in her back caused by my thumbs swirling on her nipples. I knew her weaknesses too. "It's really okay," she muttered weakly.

"No, it's not," I whispered back, and I think my voice was just a bit scratchy and emotional, because she stopped fighting and kissed me hard, pulling my mind back to her. I didn't need any more encouragement – I slid down her body, and felt her thighs slide eagerly over my shoulders.

I spent the next half-hour very slowly eating Kat out of her mind – a hobby for which you know, if you've read anything I've written before, I have an absolute passion.

When she was finally done squealing and begging, I left her lying, in a panting, sweaty heap, on the bed and hurried into the bathroom to shower – I'd caught sight of the alarm clock, and it was almost nine. I had somewhere I needed to be at ten.

By the time I got out of the shower and was standing at the vanity in my underwear, brushing my hair, Kat came up behind me, still nude, and hugged me. "Sure you don't want me to come along?" She asked.

"No, don't worry about it," I shook my head. "You'll be bored out of your mind, and half the people there hate you."

She laughed. "Yeah, but I'd still go if you needed me."

I turned my head to kiss her before wriggling into my best black silk blouse and black trousers. "I know you would. Don't worry. I'll be fine. Jill will be there too."

Kat smirked. "She'll owe me fifty bucks when you show up."

I glanced back at her. "You're not the only one – I'm sure no one thinks I'll be there."

She ruffled my hair and wandered away to find some clothes, since she would be heading to work shortly after I left her place.

I ended up being just a few minutes late, but it didn't matter – the place that was taking care of the event was smart enough to start late.

Heading inside, a few polite employees waved me into the lovely inner room – all wood paneling, thick carpet, and velvet draperies. More formal than I would have chosen, but...

"Jessica!"

I turned at my name, running a hand through my hair, straightening my collar as I headed over. "Hey, Jill."

She nodded, hugging me. "How's Kat?"

"She's fine. Oh, and you owe her."

Jill laughed. "Yeah, sorry about that."

"Don't be – I wasn't sure until this morning. I had to come, though."

"All bets aside, I'm glad you did. It'll mean a lot to Judy, even if she won't admit it."

"Jessica." The voice greeting me was a bit cold, but too hoarse to be bitchy.

I turned. "Judy...I'm sorry."

Eleanor's partner of fifteen years nodded, with an attempt at a smile. "Ellie would have been glad you came."

That was as close to positive as I was going to get from Judy, but I steeled myself, and gave her a perfunctory hug. "Family's family," I shrugged.

Judy nodded. "Well, thank you for coming." She turned away almost immediately, and I knew she wouldn't speak to me again.

Judy and I had never really gotten along – she'd wanted to move Eleanor and their business to London, where she herself was from, years ago when they'd neared retirement, but I'd talked Eleanor out of it – not just for the obvious selfish reasons, but because Eleanor's whole life, her family, her kids from an early marriage – all here. Judy was just one of those selfish people who wanted her partner all to herself, but I knew that Eleanor loved too many other people – and too many other people loved her – to move her across an ocean for nothing but Judy's selfishness.

Most of Judy's family, of course, had taken her side, and Kat had backed me up at the confrontation that had bubbled up one day at a dual-family function. A couple of irritating little snot cousins of Judy's had gotten belligerent. They'd been too afraid to do anything to me – they knew my reputation, and I've always had a temper to match my hair – but one of them decided to take a swing at Kat. Bad choice – Kat was a kick boxing instructor. She hadn't gotten invited to functions after that, thanks to Judy, which of course meant that I went to a lot fewer of them as well. The bad blood had never really dissipated after that.

Jill handed me one of those little plastic cups they always have at functions. I sniffed – Jill has a nasty sense of humor – but it was just water, so I sipped gratefully.

"Well, that wasn't too bad," she murmured, watching Judy's back retreating across the room.

"Not too bad," I agreed. "We'll have to leave together in case she hired someone to wait for us in the parking lot, though."

She snorted.

One of the attendants came in to announce that the service was about to start, and everyone found chairs. I definitely wasn't ready to say goodbye to my friend Eleanor, but it wasn't going to get any easier, and Judy wasn't going to want me around any longer.

After the service – it was unbearably long, thanks to Eleanor's ultra-religious children – Judy announced a "private" (read: invitation only) – dinner, and thanked the rest of us for coming. I decided to get the hell out of there.

On my way out, Jill stopped me for a moment. "Hey, Jess?"

I turned, so close to the door and dying to escape. "What?"

"Have you seen Mary and Sarah?"

I looked at her blankly. "Who?"

Jill stared at me as if I were an idiot, and then slapped her forehead. "Oh, that's right, you never met Judy's kids, have you? I offered to drive them back to their hotel. Sorry."

"Judy had kids?" I asked, surprised.

"Yeah, two girls – they live somewhere on the East Coast."

"Huh, well all right," I muttered, still taken aback by such a basic fact of Eleanor's life I hadn't known.

Jill gave me a quick hug and hurried away to continue her search, and I headed home, intending to work and get the whole thing out of my head.

***

My hips pressed in to stop her squirming, trapping my hand between us, forcing it harder against her. She shuddered, clutching and nearly pulling my coat from my shoulders. Her breathing stopped, breaking off into a series of high-pitched gasps with no exhale, her body tensing and then relaxing several times in rapid succession.

I'd had some intense lovers before, but never had I so strongly felt a woman's body respond to me. I could feel every tremor in her legs, every hitch in her breathing, and every slick, warm flutter in the pussy wrapped tightly around my fingers, clutching them desperately as if she were trying to pull my entire body inside her.

She grabbed my shoulder, kind of lunging up against me as a spasm went through her legs, and my fingers were dislodged as she was forced to lower her leg for balance. I caught her as she nearly fell, but she just pulled my body against hers roughly, our mouths fastening together. Her lips were warm and silky and salty under mine, and her tongue searched desperately in my mouth as our hands battled and scrabbled for control.

She won, at least for the moment, pushing me up against the wall and wrenching at the hem of my dress, trying to pull it upwards. Her efforts were futile – the dress was a bit tight, hugging my thighs, and it would not budge. I felt her grab at the zipper along one side, and grabbed her hand – even in our desperate, heated lust, I wanted to slow down.

She tugged at the zipper pull as her mouth pulled free to fasten on my neck just beneath my ear, sucking at my skin, and I shuddered – I didn't know how, but this girl was getting to me. She seemed to find, without even trying, every spot that made keeping my self-control so very hard. She pulled harder at the zipper, and I wondered if she was going to tear my dress. I tried to grab her wrists, filling my mouth with her neck, her ear, and her shoulder, as far along it as her shirt gave me access.

"God, just..." She hissed, and the zipper gave with a snap. I felt my dress loosen, and immediately, her soft hands were on my thighs, sliding up to my hips, causing me to arch out at her touch. My panties, she had no patience for – I heard those tear. I felt the cool air on my already super-heated pussy, but I couldn't let her touch me just yet – if she touched my pussy, I was going to lose control, and something in me needed to hold on to that.

So I grabbed both her wrists, and pushed her back up against the other wall, kneeing her legs apart and pushing between them. Our thighs, hot and moist and smooth, rubbed together as we writhed and fought, kissing wildly, our heads turning side to side.

***

The next morning I bolted upright from a sound sleep, blinking around my room and then yawning. I didn't have to wonder long what had woken me – my cordless phone was vibrating on my nightstand. I groped for it as I rubbed my eyes with my other hand.

"Hello?"

"Hey, Jess."

"Oh, sorry I didn't call, Kat." As I continued to wake up, the previous day was seeping back in on me, and I felt tears actually fighting to escape.

"No problem. I figured you'd work."

"Yeah, something like that."

"Come on over. I'll throw some food together."

"That sounds great."

I struggled out of bed, still feeling a bit numb, put on a dress that I usually wore for work meetings, not wanting to feel grungy, and threw on a light coat against the rain I saw drizzling out the window. Then I headed over to Kat's place. She opened the door, totally naked, and handed me a tub of good yogurt and a bowl of fresh cut strawberries. I didn't bother asking why she didn't put the yogurt in the bowl. It was exactly the kind of over-the-top distraction I needed after the day before. By the time we finished showering the sticky remnants of yogurt and fruit off ourselves, I was in a much better mood.

Then we lounged around. Kat watched a movie while I got some work done, just enjoying a peaceful Sunday afternoon together.

It had been a couple hours when Kat's phone rang. She got up to get it.

"Oh, hey Jill. How're you doing? Good. Wait, what? Yeah, she's here, one sec." She walked over, handing me her cordless.

"Hi, Jill," I answered.

"Hey, Jess. We've got a situation."

"What?" I asked, confused.

"Judy's in the hospital."

I was silent for a moment. I had about twenty questions leap into my mind, but settled for "What?"

"There was a huge scene at dinner – I heard it from Mary. Judy's daughter, remember? She called me in a panic in the middle of the night. Judy and Eleanor's sister got into a huge thing, there were people yelling every which way. Eventually, it got bad enough that Eleanor's whole family stormed out – half of them have already caught flights home, and the rest hang up as soon as I mention Judy's name. Apparently, Judy was all in a huff, half crying over Eleanor and half wanting to rip the sister's head off. Then she collapsed. Mary and Sarah got her to the hospital, but Judy's in intensive care and doesn't have any other family in town."

I'm pretty sure my expression was blank. "And this involves me how?"

"I know, Jess, I know. I called everybody I could think of to call. Nobody's around. Mary's falling apart, and Sarah's stuck at the hospital trying to sort things out with the doctors. I'd tried to reach Judy's people at the firm, but no one's answering, and I don't have their home numbers."

I closed my eyes for a second. "I've got them, I can reach somebody."

"Good, that'll help. That's not the biggest problem, though."

"What is?"

"The ICU's a sealed ward. Judy and Eleanor filed one of those things with their doctor for visitation, but it's mostly Eleanor's relatives, and they don't want to talk to me."

I frowned. "So?"

"Sarah got in since she's a direct relative, but no one else can go in, and Judy won't talk to her – or anybody else, including the doctors. Sarah's getting freaked – from what Mary's said, Judy has completely shut down emotionally, and she's refusing everybody's help, so the doctors can't do anything – Sarah had to practically strap her down to keep her in the hospital."

"Okay...so?"

"Jess, you're the only other person on the list who's still in town and didn't hang up on me."

"I'm what?"

"They had one list for both of them, and Eleanor must have put you down."

I thought for a moment, trying to figure out what the hell Jill could possibly think I was going to... "No."

"Jess..."

"No, Jill. I am not going down there to talk Judy through some kind of hysterical episode."

"Look, Sarah's doing her best, but Judy's refusing to talk to her. You were closest to Eleanor – you knew her, and you knew the two of them better than anybody does – anybody who's not hanging up on me, anyway. If anyone can get through to Judy, maybe something Eleanor once told you..."

"That's crazy."

"I don't know what else to try, Jess. Mary's a wreck, here, and there's no way the hospital will just let co-workers in. I've got no one else to try."

I sighed irritably. "Jill, Judy's not my problem anymore."

"Jessica..." Jill's voice got quiet. "Eleanor would have depended on you."

I went still. "That's a cheap shot, Jill."

"I know."

I closed my eyes, rubbing my already aching forehead. "You owe me."

"Oh, god, thanks, Jess. I do owe you."

"Huge. I'll be there as soon as I can." I hung up, turning to Kat, who tossed me my car keys. Her expression said that she had heard enough to know what was happening.
