 "Hi Jeri!" Antony sounded tired but he made an effort to show Jerilyn he was happy to hear from her. "I'm at a stoplight so I can't talk long."

"Where are you?" Jerilyn's heart beat so hard her blood pounded in her ears. She almost got caught. She looked for a place to hide her lovers shirt. No place seemed good enough; no matter where she put it he might find it.

"I'm about twenty minutes from home." 

Twenty minutes, more than enough time to hide the shirt and take a shower. How could she face him? She betrayed him, she did something unforgivable. Even if Antony forgave her, she doubted she could forgive herself.

"Why are you coming home? Is something wrong? Did something happen?" Did he have someone watching her? Did he know what she did?

"Nothing's happened, I - oops, the light changed. I'll see you in a few minutes." Antony didn't sound upset or suspicious.

Jerilyn considered throwing Rain's shirt in the dirty laundry, but hated to mix Rain's unique scent with her own. After thinking about it for too long she hung it in her closet. Even if Antony found it, he didn't know what her clothes looked like.

She ran to the shower and jumped in without waiting for the water to heat up. The shock of cold water felt comforting, like paying a minor penance. One small payment for a huge debt. 

Jeri washed Rain's scent off her then toweled off. What should she wear? It had to look normal, but this might be the chance she needed to get him back so she had to try to look appealing too. The pony tail she tied her wet hair into made her think of Rain and a pang of remorse shot through her. Jerilyn didn't want to hurt her, but she loved her husband. She finally settled on a snug t-shirt and the tight pants Antony liked; he said they made her ass irresistible. Since she wanted to seduce him, she didn't bother with underwear. She seemed to be doing that a lot lately.

She just finished opening a bottle of wine when Antony walked in. He looked exhausted but when he saw her his eyes lit up. He flew across the room and pulled her into his arms. His strength made her feel overpowered and protected. She melted against him, loving the way her body molded against his. Hopping for a kiss she turned her head up. His dark, smiling eyes looked into her soul and guilt at what she did filled her to overflowing. Antony must not have seen it because he bent his head down and took her mouth with his. It felt familiar, yet this time strangely new. His talented tongue and lips demanded all her passion. She yielded to that demand, wanting to give him everything she had, everything she was, if only he gave up his other love. All too soon he pulled away.

"Do you mind if I take a shower?" Antony moved to the bathroom before she had a chance to answer. "I can barely stand myself."

"Sure." Jeri thought he smelled wonderful. He smelled like a man, her man. She looked at her wedding ring, a cheap, sterling silver piece. It was all they could afford when they got married. Now it burned through her finger, as if it collected shame to fuel its cold fires that glowed like a beacon of betrayal. Jerilyn resented feeling that way. Antony came in, gave her a wonderful kiss then walked away. Why should she feel guilty or ashamed?

Jerilyn thought about joining Antony in the shower, but he finished before she came to a decision. He came out of the bathroom in his robe and smiled fondly as he walked to her. She met him half way and threw her arms around his neck. She kissed him and he responded but pulled back way too soon for her liking. "Are you hungry?"

"No." Antony's smile seemed to falter. His eyes still shown with appreciation but the bags under them spoke volumes about his fatigue. He pulled her hands from around his neck and led her to the couch. Instead of sitting next to her he sat in the chair to her right.

"You look exhausted." Jerilyn jumped to her feet and went behind the chair to rub his shoulders. She thought Rain could do it better then squelched the thought. Rain didn't belong here and now.

"You don't need to do that." Antony exhaled in a deep, relaxed sigh. "It feels good, though."

"Is there anything else you want? I can get you a beer, or a glass of wine."

"No, but thank you." Antony sighed again and his whole body seemed to melt into the soft chair. "I want to go to bed."

"Why did you come home if you're just going to bed?" Jerilyn moved around to see his face.

"To see you, silly." Antony reached for her hand.

"You're to tired to talk. Why bother? Wouldn't it have been easier and safer to stay at work?"

"Easier, yes, and definitely safer, but I wanted to see you. He pulled her down and for a brief joy-filled moment, she thought he intended to pull her into his lap. He didn't, though. Instead he slid his hand up and down her arm. "I wanted to see you." His warm smile filled his eyes even as it filled her heart, leaving no doubt in her mind he loved her. Her wedding ring seemed to burn even hotter on her adulteress finger. "I needed to see you to remind myself why I work so hard. You're what makes it all worth while."

I'm the reason you work so hard? You love me so much you never see me? Jerilyn went back to the couch. Where's the sense in that? She couldn't look at him, couldn't conceive why she felt guilty. He betrayed her because he loved her? That was downright stupid. You were supposed to want to be with the person you loved, not away from them. Did he have any idea how bad he hurt her? Judging by the puppy dog adoration in his eyes, he didn't

Jerilyn was so sick of being alone, so sick of waiting for something that would never happen. He might as well divorce her for all his "love" did for her. In fact, she wished he would so she could be free. She wanted him to feel the hurt he inflicted on her. She lashed out with the first vengeful thing that came to mind.

"I wish you were sleeping with another, sexier woman."

Antony's eyes went wide and he tilted his head to the side. "Um, what? You wish I was sleeping with another woman? Why?"

"I can understand dumping me for a sexy intern, that makes since. But for a job? What's the matter with you? Are you gay?" Jerilyn folded her arms and crossed her legs.

"I guess it seems that way from your point of view." Antony moved to sit next to her on the couch. "I never considered how neglected you must feel. I'm sorry."

"Sorry is meaningless. Not when you'll go back first thing in the morning."

"I'm sorry, I do have to go back." Antony stroked her arm with his knuckles. Jeri wished he would grab her and force her to be nice to him. Or, better yet, fight back. She wanted to hate him right now, but he was too understanding. How do you stay mad at someone who kept agreeing with you?

"It's like you're married to your work and I don't even rate as a half decent mistress." Jerilyn's eyes burned which made her angrier. "If you're going to give all your love and attention to your work, I have every right to find something to fill the void you've put in me."

"Of course you do. Jeri, I thought you understood that." Antony's face softened into devoted lines. "All I want for you is happiness, I never expected you to sit around and turn into a lump of clay. I'm so sorry you haven't done anything before now."

It was like he was giving her permission to have an affair. Her ring didn't burn anymore. Now it weighed a thousand pounds, like a perfect, portable prison. Her righteous indignation vanished, leaving her feeling as tired as he looked. "Be careful what you ask for," she muttered under her breath.

"I want you to know something else." He picked up her hand and looked at her wedding ring. He smiled and looked up into her eyes. "In a couple of months I'll have a surprise for you." He brought her hand to his lips and he kissed the ring. "It won't be some stupid, cheap, tourist trap ring either."

Jerilyn resisted the urge to tear her hands out of his grasp. Whether her ring burned with guilt or weighed her down like a ball and chain, she loved it. It symbolized all the sacrifices they made when they go married. It symbolized all their struggles as newly weds. It was like Antony didn't know her anymore.

Instead of yanking away, she got up and helped him to his feet. "You won't live to our next anniversary if you don't get some sleep. Go to bed. I'll be there in a minute."

"Ok." He stifled a yawn. "That sounds like a good idea. Remember, on our anniversary you'll get the surprise of your life!"

Jerilyn watched him lumber into the bedroom, take off his robe and climb into bed. When he settled into sleep, she yanked off the ring, drawing blood on her knuckle, and dropped it in a drawer. He didn't know a thing about her, and she saw no future for them.

Jerilyn crawled into bed next to the man she loved, the man she hated, and wished for Rain.

* * * *

Jeri fumbled for the alarm she set last night for Antony's benefit. Since she didn't use it for herself, it took a few irritating moments to get it switched off. When she finally silenced the damn thing she flopped back into bed. "Sorry." She rolled on her side and reached for him. He wasn't there. "Antony?"

When he didn't answer she got out of bed and searched the apartment. When she walked into the kitchen, she found his note on the table.

Good morning! I'm sorry, but I had to get back to work. There is so much to get done before our anniversary. You are the best and I love you more than words can say. Antony.

Jerilyn crumpled the note and threw it in the garbage. If he loved her less would he be around more? Or maybe he should love her even more and disappear off the earth instead of just her life. This hurt worse than a one night stand where the guy lets you fall asleep then sneaks out. Except she didn't get the satisfaction of getting laid. Not that she ever had a one night stand, Antony was the only man she'd ever been with.

Why didn't he wake her up? It wasn't like she had so much to do she couldn't go back to bed when he left. He must have thought she'd be in the way and slow him down. She had to admit he was right.

Jerilyn went to make some coffee but found a fresh pot already made. Swell, one less chore for her to deal with. Going back to bed was out of the question, she was too irritated to sleep. So she went about her daily routine but by noon she was staring at the clock so much it felt like time had stopped.

When she finished her chores, she retrieved Rain's shirt and held it to her nose. The combination of Rain's unique scents filled her with memories of the night before. She smiled remembering how she made Rain come by sucking her breast and wondered if she could do it again. Last night tension, arousal and excitement drove her actions but tonight would be different. Since they opened their bodies to each other, they'd have to work a little harder.

Jeri had wondered if she could go down on another woman but after last night she knew the answer. What once seemed repulsive, consumed her thoughts and filled her with desire. Tonight she planned to give Rain all the pleasure they could both stand. By the time one o'clock rolled around Jerilyn had worked herself into a fevered pitch and couldn't wait to make love to Rain. Then she remembered a detail she had to deal with. She didn't want a repeat of last night. She wanted to spend as much time with Rain as possible without worrying about interruptions from Antony.

He usually called her around eight to let her know he wasn't coming home. The calls used to be longer, but he didn't talk about work much and her empty days didn't give her much to talk about. As a result the calls became short and perfunctory. Since she knew how the call would go: "Hi," "Are you coming home," "No," "Goodby," she decided to call him now and get it over with. Then she'd have the rest of the evening free from interruption. It took a surprisingly short time to get past his secretary.

"Hi, Jeri!" She felt his smile through the phone and his enthusiasm in saying her name took her off her stride and stopped her from asking anything. "I am so sorry I didn't call earlier, I meant to, I really did. Then some things came up and - that's no excuse. I'm sorry, I should have called."

"It's ok, are-."

"I'm also sorry I didn't wake you up this morning. I wanted to, but last night you seemed so . . . I don't know how to describe it."

Desperate, needy, guilty? thought Jeri.

"You weren't yourself and I know I'm the reason why. I wanted to wake you up but when I saw how relaxed you looked, I couldn't do it."

"It's fine." Jeri slumped, how could she stay angry at a man who loved to hear her voice and didn't want to wake her up because she needed sleep. The man had never been able to lie worth a damn. They grew up on the same street and knew each other since grade school. If Antony said it, it was true. It's why she believed him when he said he had to work and didn't worry about him having an affair.

"No, it's not. You deserve better and you'll get it."

"For our anniversary?"

"You've got it!" He beamed through the phone.

Jerilyn lost her balance again as all the guilt from the night before vanished. Maybe, just maybe . . . She took a deep breath and asked the fatal question. "Are you coming home tonight?"

"No, I can't." Antony sighed and Jeri braced herself for some bad news. "I can't come home for the next few weeks for sure. I kind of . . . it will be . . . "

"Just say it. It can't be any worse to spit it out than it is to sit here and wonder how bad your news is."

"Is it okay if I don't call you every night? It's not that I don't want to talk to you, I love hearing your voice. Unfortunately I've got a lot of meetings so it gets awkward when I have to interrupt things to tell you I'm not coming home."

Jerilyn rummaged in the drawer for her ring but after his little speech she slid the drawer closed. "That makes sense." The man practically threw her at Rain.

"No, it doesn't. I've hurt your feelings, I can hear it in your voice. Forget I said anything."

"It's fine, really. You have a job to do and it makes no sense to interrupt a meeting just to tell me you won't be home. It's rude."

"You sounded so disappointed."

"Of course I'm disappointed. I like hearing your voice too, you know." Jeri forced a smile on her face, he's the one honest to a fault who worked late. She was the lying adulteress. "Take care of your work, you're not a rude man, so don't be rude to your coworkers on my account."

"Are you sure? You come first, you always do."

Yea, right. That's why I'm having sex with a woman. "I'm positive. I called to let you know I'm going to a movie tonight so you don't have to call me."

"That's wonderful! I'm glad you're getting out of the house. I was afraid you'd go stir crazy and do something weird."

"Not me," lied Jeri. She heard some voices in the background. "Sounds like you're needed. Have a good night."

"I love you, Jeri."

"I love you too." Jerilyn hung up before he asked what movie she wanted to see. She didn't know what was playing.

Now that she had her evening free, she had some errands to run. A trip to the market for dinner supplies topped her list. If all went according to plan, they'd need their strength tonight.

"You brought food again!" Rain held the door open as Jerilyn brought in their dinner.

"I had some time on my hands."

"You say it like it's a bad thing." Rain closed the door and helped Jerilyn set the table. "Personally I don't see a downside." Rain smiled when she saw the dish's Jerilyn prepared.

Jeri's mood lifted almost immediately. Feeding someone who loved her food satisfied her. She remembered feeling this way as a newlywed. Antony came home from work, tired and often discouraged and sat at their second or third hand table. She served dinner and watched his mood lift. By the time he finished eating, his energy came back and his spirit lifted free of the days trouble. Now, he didn't bother to call.

"My husband isn't coming home for the next few weeks."

"Ouch!" Rain spoke around a mouthful of food. "The man is a fool! Your cooking is so good it should be illegal and you're smoking hot. What man, hell, what woman in their right mind doesn't want to come home to this?"

"Apparently, the big deal he's working on is more important."

"I can't see a man wanting to work more than be with you. Are you sure he isn't having an affair?"

"Not with a woman. The man can't lie to save his life."

"You think he's having an affair with a man?" Rain didn't seem disturbed by the idea.

"No. His career is his mistress."

Rain pushed her empty plate away and leaned back in her chair. "You poor thing, you look miserable. I want to feel for you, I really do, but dinner was fantastic and I can't seem to get in the proper mind set."

"It's fine." Jerilyn smiled. Watching Rain enjoy her food lifted her mood more than she cared to admit. "I enjoyed making dinner for you. I guess I've been a housewife too long. Making other people happy makes me happy."

"You seemed happy enough when you got here, then you deflated. What happened?"

"Watching you enjoy my cooking reminded me of when I was first married. Then I remembered how far my marriage has fallen."

"You've barely eaten. Aren't you hungry?"

"I eat a lot when I cook. I have to taste to make sure everything is done right." It was a lie, Jeri lost her appetite when she talked about Antony.

"You're lying," Rain said offhandedly. "But that's okay, I think I can give you something else to think about." Rain's satisfied smile turned a little wicked. "I'm going to make you forget all about your troubles."

"I know." Jeri matched Rain's wicked grin with one of her own. "Why do you think I fed you so well? You're going to need your energy." Jerilyn moved around the table and pulled Rain to her feet. Since Antony abandoned her for his job, she considered herself free and clear to have fun. Even if only in her own mind, she meant to show Antony what he threw away. She'd prove she was worth something to someone.

Rain let out a girly yelp of surprise when Jerilyn pulled her to her feet. Before Rain had a chance to speak Jerilyn clamped her mouth on Rain's. Rain received the kiss with enthusiasm. Her arms started to wrap around Jeri but she stopped the motion and put her hands on Jeri's shoulders instead.

Rain turned her head enough to break the kiss. "No, don't." She pushed against Jerilyn's shoulders. For an instant Jeri thought Rain changed her mind, but she didn't really push, it seemed like she used the grip for leverage to rub her pelvis against Jerilyn's. Her hips shifted from side to side, counterbalanced by the way she swung her head from side to side. When Rain found the right angle, she rubbed her mons against Jerilyn's. A bolt of lust made Jeri convulse against Rain. Her lover smiled but quickly suppressed it. The lust in Rain's eyes screamed, "Oh yes, baby, don't stop." Rain went still and looked up through her lashes. She sucked her bottom lip between her teeth. Even though her head tilted down, Jeri knew her eyes were wide open. The look of unrestrained lust combined with her pelvis pressing against the perfect spot made Jerilyn's vagina clench. Jerilyn's breath caught in her throat and her groin smoldered. 

Rain took a deep breath, deep enough to let the peaks of her breasts brush against Jerilyn. It unsettled Jerilyn but it seemed to steady Rain. "I think you should leave." Rain spoke with all the melodrama of a bad "b" move actress and all the breathlessness of an over acting porn star. Rain's grip shifted from Jeri's shoulders to her upper arms. She struggled some more which served to rub her breasts across Jerilyn's. Jeri's small breasts swelled painfully. The soft, pliant flesh pressing against her chest made Jerilyn's smoldering core catch fire. She wanted to grab her breasts and rub the delicious ache away. Her fingers dug into Rain's skin instead, and pulled her closer.
