 Chapter 2: Devon's Dessert

I awakened to the ringing of the telephone. As my vision cleared, so did my mind. I looked down to find Karen still laying on my stomach. Last night was wonderful! I had never thought that Karen and I would actually be together, but there we were, tangled up in some strange way. "K, wake up," I said, attempting to shake her shoulder. "I have to get the phone."

She rolled away from me and curled up into a little ball. As I got up, the telephone stopped ringing and the answering machine came on: "Tavia, We have to drop some stuff off at the shop but I should be home in about an hour." He hung up before I could get to the telephone. I stretched and sat down on the couch. I looked at Karen as she began to awaken. She looked up at me shyly.

"Hello," she said sheepishly.

"Hi," I said back to her, staring at her body. "I guess we should get it straightened up in here. Devon called a few minutes ago and said that he should be here in about an hour."

"Okay," she responded, joining me on the couch. 

We were both silent for a minute, both of us afraid of what the other was thinking about the other. I finally mustered up the nerve to speak. "I enjoyed last night... you know....the movies and all.."

"So did I," she said back to me. After another moment of silence she asked, "What the hell did we watch anyway?"

"It was more like the television watched us," I said with a laugh. She then laughed with me. Once again, I grew serious. "You don't regret last night, do you?"

"No," she said looking me in my eyes. "Do you?" she asked in a small voice.

"No," I said honestly.

"Do you think that we should tell Devon?" she asked.

"Not yet," I said. "He will know soon enough." Changing the subject I asked, "Would you like to take a shower?"

"Yes," she said as we both rose from the couch. She followed me into the bathroom and stood behind me as I turned the shower on. I let her step into the shower and I closed the curtain behind her.

"You're not coming in with me?" she asked. I could hear the pout that I knew was on her lips. "I want you in here with me."

"I'll be there in a minute," I promised standing in front of my sink with a toothbrush in my hand. I couldn't welcome my fiancé back home with coochie on my breath! After thoroughly brushing my teeth, I eased into the shower behind Karen. She made room for me so that the hot water could run over the both of us. I grabbed my loofa sponge and pour a little bit of raspberry scented body wash onto it. I worked up a lather and proceeded to wash Karen's body clean, lingering on her ass, breasts, and wonderful cat. She then returned the favor for me.

Still soaped up, we let our bodies glide against one another. I loved the look of her olive, freckled skin against my caramel hued body. I kissed her deeply as I shampooed her hair. She ran her hands over my back and butt, loving the special treatment that I was giving her. I gently rinsed the shampoo from her hair and let the water rinse the rest of the soap from our bodies. For a few minutes, we just enjoyed the feeling of the hot water as we delighted one another with soft kisses. 

Finally, we dried each other off and got dressed. I lent her a pair of jeans (that she wore with no panties! Oh my goodness. Just the though....). I also lent her a light sweater to put on so she wouldn't have to put on the same clothes that now carried the scent of her earlier wetness. We quickly straightened up the house together and popped in the movie that we had missed the night before while we waited for Devon to come home. The telephone rang.

"Hello?"

"Where have you been?" came Devon's voice. "I called you about an hour ago."

"Me and Karen just walked in," I lied.

"Tell K that I said hello."

I delivered the message. "Hi, Devon," she yelled loud enough for him to hear. I turned my attention back to my telephone conversation.

"I'm on my way home now" he was saying. "I should be there in a few minutes."

"Okay, baby. I'll see you then," I said be fore I said "I love you. Buh bye."

I looked up at Karen. She looked like she was in deep thought. "You okay?" I asked her. She shook her head yes. "What'cha thinkin' about?" I then asked.

"I don't know if I should tell you because I don't want you getting mad at me," she said, and then added, "especially after last night."

"Girl," I said with a little exasperation. "Just tell me."

She looked at me nervously before saying, "I want to fuck your fiancé."

I sat absolutely still for a minute, letting her confession sink in. "Tavia, please don't be mad-" I silenced her by touching her lips with my fingertip. I had always felt like there was an attraction there. She had just confirmed it. "Is that why you were with me last night? To try to butter me up?"

"No!" she exclaimed. "I've wanted to be with the both of you for a long time," she confessed, looking at me with those beautiful eyes.

"Oh really?" I said, one eyebrow arched upward as I gave her a look that The Rock would have been proud of. "How much do you want us?"

"More than you could possibly know," she said solemnly as she place her hand on my thigh. She then slid that same hand up to the back of my neck and gently pulled me towards her. We kissed gently at first, then more urgently. Karen moaned as I began to rub her pussy through the jeans that she wore. At the sound of Devon's horn outside, we broke apart.

I looked at her for a moment before saying, "Anything's possible." She gave me a questioning look. I smiled at her as I stood up. "I'm fixing dinner tonight. Be here at eight. Wear something sexy as hell." Understanding, Karen's face lit up and she smiled at me. She stood up and gave me a big kiss on the lips and squealed in delight. "Calm down," I said, trying to hide my excitement. "Let's go greet Devon."

We both journeyed outside to meet Devon as he stepped out of his Red Suburban. "Hey baby," I said, standing on my tiptoes to give him a hug and kiss. "Is everything okay in Memphis now?"

"Yes. Finally," he replied. He looked over at Karen and smiled. "Hey, K. How are you doing?"

"Very good," she said with a smile on her face. I smiled inwardly, knowing the reason why she was doing 'very good'. Karen then looked at the both of us and said, "I'll see you guys tonight." "Okay," I said, waving at her.

Once she got in her car and drove away, Devon asked, "What's going on tonight?"

" I invited her to dinner tonight," I answered as we walked into the house. "No dig deal. Are you hungry now?"

"Not really," Devon answered, going towards the bedroom. I followed him, pulling off my shirt and bra. I then tapped him on his shoulder. He turned around and smiled at me.

"I wasn't talking about food," I said as I dropped my bra onto the floor and wrapped my arms around his neck. "But you can definitely eat it." He then wrapped his arms around my waist and gave me on of those kisses that still made me dizzy. He then pulled down my pants and panties as I also undressed him. I was so horny by then, that I could not wait any longer. 

Before he could even step out of his pant that were bunched at his feet, I fell to my knees and grabbed hold of his big, thick, hardening dilly and slowly eased it between my lips. I sucked at him, then ran my tongue across and around the head. He moaned a little and leaned against the wall for support. I sucked at him like he was the last place on earth to find a drink. He played with and pulled on my braids as my head bobbed up and down slowly. I soon began to increase my pace, grabbing his ass as my head bobbed faster and faster on his hard penis.

He urgently tapped on my shoulder, his signal for letting me know that he was about to cum. I had never swallowed before, but after the night that I had just spent with Karen, I felt that I was ready to handle it. I felt his dilly twitch in my mouth just before he exploded into my mouth, his juices flowing into my throat. I continues to suck him dry as he orgasmed in to my mouth. He grabbed the back of my head, basically fucking my mouth as he spazzed. When I was sure that he was done cumming, I stood up and kissed him deeply, letting him taste himself on my tongue.

"Where did that come from?" he asked in amazement as he gripped my ass.

"I just wanted to," I said meekly, watching him finally step out of the pants that laid in a puddle at his feet. I then made my way to our bed and spread my arms (and legs) for him. He followed me and made himself comfortable between my thighs. As he kissed on my neck, I raised my hips, rubbing my wet sex box against him. 

His fingers strayed to the folds covering my swollen clit. He then began to rub it slowly with his fingertip. I sighed and squirmed beneath him, loving his caresses. His tongue then trailed down my stomach then to my inner thigh, making lazy circles, teasing me. "Devon, don't tease me," I begged in short breaths. He then obliged me, replacing his fingers at my clit with his mouth. I moaned loudly and bucked my hips towards him, wanting more. 

He ran his tongue around and across my sensitive clit, sucking on it from time to time before pushing his long tongue deep into my dripping wet hole. He pushed his blissful tongue in and out of me as I grabbed his head, his ears, bucking and fucking his face. His tongue went to war on my clit as he slid three fingers in to my drenched pussy, pumping with his hand hard and fast. I fucked his fingers and mouth wildly, feeling pressure build up inside of me.

Wordlessly, he changed locations, taking his juice-drenched fingers out of my cat. He slid up my body and filled my wet pussy with his big, thick, rock-hard dilly, taking powerful strokes as licked my sex juices from his fingers. This seemed to turn him on! He began to fuck me hard and hard. I cried out his name as we shook the headboard on our bed. I met his hard, deep strokes pump for pump. My nails dug into his shoulders. I struggled to hold on to my sanity. 

Unable to resist, I somehow managed to flip him over onto his back. I positioned myself over him and slid back onto his beautiful dick. I rotated my hips, grinding into him, sending him even deeper inside of me. I rode him savagely as his fingers dug into my ass cheeks. He lifted and jerked me back onto his dick roughly, driving me crazy. Unable to stop it, I felt my self going over the edge. "I'm cumming!" I yelled, still grinding into him desperately. "I'm cumming, Baby....Oh shit!.......Devon!..." I felt myself begin to weaken, my pussy pulsing and contracted around Devon's still-hard dilly. 

Wanting his second orgasm, Devon lifted me from on top of him and told me to get on all fours. Though I was still recovering from my powerful orgasm, I obeyed him eagerly. He rubbed the head of his dick across my humming clit a few times before slamming back into my cum soaked pussy. I cried out over and over as he pummeled the pussy that he knew was his. I felt that strong twitch as he gripped my shoulders and orgasmed, still punishing my cat from behind. Finally, both thoroughly satisfied and exhausted, we fell fast asleep.

Hours had passed and when I finally opened my eyes, it was 7:15. "Damn," I muttered, climbing out of the bed and standing on wobbly legs. I went into the bathroom and took an extra hot shower that helped relaxed my muscles. When I dried off, I went into the bedroom and found Devon laying in the bed n his naked glory, smiling at me. I smiled back at him and said, "We have company coming. Go take a shower." He rose lazily from the bed and gave me a long kiss before he journeyed into the bathroom for his shower. 

Knowing that it was way too late to cook, I ordered Chinese food to be delivered. I then dressed in a short skirt with no panties and a very tight low cut sweat with no bra so that my ample breast would be properly displayed for both Devon AND Karen. I then went into the living room and waited for Karen to arrive. Ten minutes before eight, the food arrived. Fifteen minutes later, Karen knocked on the door. I opened the door and my mouth watered at the sight of her in a short red skirt and matching red blouse that exposed the breasts that I fondled with the night before. I wanted to just grab her and kiss her all over but Devon was standing there so I only said "Hey, girl. Come on in."

As we all got comfortable in the living room with our little paper boxes filled with oriental delights, I explained that I had overslept and didn't get to cook. As I spoke I noticed that Devon could barely keep his eyes off of Karen. I couldn't blame him though. She looked good enough to eat! We ate while we watch a Julia Roberts flick.

About an hour or so later, Karen excused herself to go to the bathroom. That was when I decide to get the ball rolling. When I heard the click of the bathroom door, I grabbed the remote control and turn off the television. I then grabbed another remote and turned on the stereo. Sensual music streamed from the speakers as I looked over at Devon. He looked back at me and I licked my lips. Knowing that I was turned on he said, "We have company, Tavia. Behave yourself."

Like a tigress pouncing upon her prey, I jumped onto his lap, straddling his waist. "What if I don't want to behave?" I asked sexily, purring into his hear. I felt his dilly begin to rise and I smiled at him. "It looks like you don't want to behave yourself, baby."

"Karen is right in the bathroom," he tried to reason, his hands moving up my skirt as if by there own will. His eyes widened when he discovered that I wore no panties. I then began to lick him on his neck. He groaned a little as I began to gently rub my moistening pussy against him. "Tavia, we have company," he said weakly, now rubbing my ass cheeks.

"Your company wants to join in."

Devon and I both looked up and found Karen standing next to the couch, completely naked. I smiled and Devon's eyes grew as big as saucers. Karen made her way over to us and sat right next to us and began to caress the side of Devon's face. "Do you mind?" she asked seductively. Devon's eyes darted to me. The look in his eyes was priceless, almost fearful as though he were waiting for me to raise hell or beat the shit out of Karen.

Surprising him more, I reached over to Karen and pulled her face to mine, kissing her deeply for a good while. I could feel his penis become even harder! His hands were digging into my flesh as though he was trying to get a grip with reality. Once Karen and I pulled apart, we both looked at him ans said,"Well?" Amused at the shock on Devon's face, I then pulled off my shirt, exposing by massive breasts to my two lovers. Karen immediately went for a hardening nipple with her mouth, sucking and nibbling on it gently. I moaned and Devon looked at the both of us as if we were just figments of his imagination. I then spoke to Karen. "I think he needs a few more minutes to think it over. I think we should start with out him."

"Do you really thinks so?" she said, licking on my neck.

"Yes," I replied as the two of us made our way to the carpet. "When he's ready, he'll catch up." We then began to give him a show. Licking and sucking on nipples....long deep kisses as we rubbed our bodies against on another, moaning and saying each others name......rubbing each others wet, hot cats. I looked at Devon and saw him sitting on the couch, unzipping his pants. That was all that I needed. I looked at Karen and said, "I think that he is ready to join in sweetheart."

"Great," she almost purred. The both of us then crawled over to him. Karen looked at me and said, "May I have the honor......?"

"By all means, " I said, smiling at her, "be my guest." As I pulled Devon's shirt off of him, Karen took over his pants, pulling them and his underwear off. His dilly sprang upward, actually bobbing for a second and Karen adored the sight of it. I climbed onto the couch and began to tongue kiss my fiancé as Karen began to lick the head of his dick. He groaned into my mouth and I loved it. I then began to lick on his neck and his chest as Karen began to take his fat, hard dilly into her warm wet mouth. For what seemed like forever, Karen and I teased him, bringing him close to the edge, then stopping and switching up. 

We then got him onto the floor. By then, he was totally cooperative. We laid him on his back and Karen slowly sat on his throbbing shaft and began to ride him as I sat on his face while deeply kissing her. She cried out as she began to cum and I came tumbling after her. Devon drank all of me as I rode his face. Giving him air to breathe (and taking a breath myself), I got up and went over to the couch and sat down. Karen looked at me with a cute pout on her face. "Tired?" she then teased.

"Just taking a quick breather," I said, winking at her. "You two can keep playing. I'll enjoy watching you."

But Karen wasn't accepting that. She rose from Devon's rock hard dilly and crawled over to me. She pulled me closer to the edge of the couch and proceeded to lick my clit gently at first, the harder and firmer. I closed my eyes and savored the feeling for a few moments, moaning her name and grinding my pussy into her mouth. I heard her moan as Devon came up from behind a slid his meaty dick into her sloppily wet pussy. He fucked her from behind slowly at first, then harder, ramming his dick into her pulsating cat. She called his name into my pussy as I fucked her face and Devon fucked her punani. I grabbed her head as Devon held her hips as he pumped her.

Half an hour later we were all on the floor. I laid on my back, licking Karen's pussy furiously as she sucked Devon's dick. I rubbed my clit like a maniac as Karen rubbed her pussy across my mouth. I felt like I was about to explode and I didn't want to stop it either! I was the first to cum then. Karen came tumbling after me, bucking against my face madly. I drank it all and loved ever drop. Devon finally orgasmed, shooting his juices into Karen's throat and she sucked at him greedily. 

Much later, we all crawled into our bed. "What did I do to deserve this?" Devon asked, half asleep. He yawned and closed his eyes.

"I'll tell you the whole story tomorrow, baby." Karen laid behind be with her arm draped over my hip as she gently massaged my well-worked cat.

"Thank you," she whispered into my ear sweetly.

"No, " I said. "Thank YOU."

Thanks to Karen, Both Devon's and my fantasies had been fulfilled. Did we ever do it again, you ask?

Wouldn't you like to know...