 Months later...

"I miss you girl."

"I miss you too. I'll talk to you later okay."

"Okay. Buh-bye."

"Bye-bye."

I hung up the telephone with a wistful smile. I missed Karen a lot, but I was happy for her. She accepted a new job in Georgia and moved away.

Devon and I had a lot of fun with Karen. He missed her too. We had grown accustomed to our new, spontaneous relationship. We had become more adventurous. More bold and daring. We had even gone so far as making love in a dark corner at our favorite club twice... once with Karen! 

Though our sex life was very healthy and good, it had somehow seemed different now that Karen was gone away. She gave our sex that extra spark and we both missed it.

After she moved, she and I occasionally had a session over the phone. I would love the way that she sounded when she came. It boosted my ego to know that I could touch her that way from hundreds of miles away. Don't get me wrong though. Incredibly, she had the same effect on me. I loved it when she coaxed into the state of orgasmic delight.

There were even times when I would listen to her and Devon on the phone as they vocally teased and taunted one another. I would get a big kick out of that as well.

After a while though, her job began to keep her busy. We would only have time to chat for a few minutes before she was off again. We had returned to the earlier stages of our friendship, which was cool, nevertheless, Devon and I still missed the fun that we had. We didn't think that we would ever find anyone who could touch us quite like Karen again.

Until Francis...

It was a dead day at my hair salon. I was the only person there. My schedule book was completely empty for the day. I was on the telephone making hotel arrangements for a hair and nails exhibition in Atlanta when she walked into the shop with a plastic bag in her hand.

As I talked on the telephone, I discreetly took in her smooth chocolate skin, nicely formed legs and thighs protected only by a pair of snippy, snug cut-off denim shorts. I took secretive glances at her full lips and small, but nicely rounded breasts that were covered by a blue tee shirt. "Not bad" I thought to myself, "Not bad at all."

She stood quietly as I finalized my plans. Once I hung the phone up, she asked, "Are you closed?"

"Nope," I answered. "Can I help you with something?"

"I just moved here and I was hoping to find a place to get my hair relaxed and fixed. My cousin told me about this place."

"You're in the right spot," I told her. I stood up and dusted my chair off for her. "Have a seat."

She took a seat and I draped her for a relaxer. We made small talk. "My name is Octavia," I informed her. "The folks around here call me Tavia for short though. What's your name?"

"Francis," she answered. "Francis Simpson, but my friends call me Fanny," she further informed me.

"So," I began, "what has brought you to Jacksonville?"

"I needed something different," she answered. "I kinda got tired of working at a chicken plant, so I finally got up the nerve to do something that I always wished to do."

"Oh really?" I asked. "What do you do?"

She was quiet for a minute, as if she was debating on whether or not she wanted to answer the question. "I'm an exotic dancer," she confessed with a sheepish grin.

"Really?" I said with astonishment. "You go girl! I don't have the nerve."

"I was kinda apprehensive at first," she admitted. "But now, I'm getting used to it so it's not so bad. The money is good. I work three nights a week, never on the weekends and it's enough to get all of my bills paid, my car note paid and takes care of me and my son."

"I hear you on that," I told her.

"Do you have any kids?" she asked me.

"Nope," I answered. "Not yet anyway."

We made more small talk as I relaxed her hair. I told her about my fiancé, Devon and a few things about the small town that we called our home. She told me about her home life and her son, B.J. who was staying with her mother back home until she got settled in.

Before I knew it, almost two hours had gone by and we were still chatting...

"So what do you guys do for fun?" she asked as I sat down in a chair next to hers once I finished her hair.

"On the weekends Devon and I go to Club Planet to dance with some close friends," I responded. "We are regulars there. Kinda VIP, I guess."

I told her about the club and about how we all go out and have breakfast once we all leave the club and other details.

"Sounds like fun," she said, nodding her head a little bit.

"Do you wanna go with us tonight?" I asked her. "It'll be fun. It's been a while since we had someone join us in our fun." My mind fleetingly drifted back to Karen and how I missed her.

"I would love to," Francis responded, bringing me out of my reverie. "It's been a while since I've gone out and kicked it."

"Great," I said smiling at her. We talked for a little while longer before we exchanged telephone numbers. "Well, I'll call you around ten o'clock tonight then."

"Okay," she said. "I'll see you then."

As she stood and walked to the door, I caught a glance of her extra rounded ass and almost ha d a fit! I was jealous of the booty! It was simply spectacular!

After she left, I decided to go ahead and close up the shop and go home.

* * * * * 

Devon was pleased that I came home early. I fixed and early dinner and told him about my newest client...

"...ghetto booty," I was explaining to him. "Her ass makes my ass look bad," I admitted to him. "It makes me wanna get an ass implant or something."

Devon laughed and said, "There is nothing wrong with your butt. I like it just the way that it is. Besides, no one can compare to the twins." He looked fondly at my breasts. "You know I love 'em!"

I laughed and threw my napkin at him. "Anyway," I continued on a laugh, "she seems like a cool chick so I invited her to go out with us tonight. Is that cool with you?"

"Yeah," he answered. "That way, I'll get to see this 'amazing ass' that you are trippin' over."

"Ha- ha. Very funny."

At ten o'clock, I called Fanny to see if she was ready to go. She gave me her address and I told her that we would be there in a few minutes. After I hung up the telephone, I grabbed my jacket and VIP card. Then Devon and I were on our way.

When we pulled into the driveway, Fanny opened the door and waved at us. When she locked her door, Devon got his first glimpse of the booty that I was ranting about.

"Damn" was his only comment.

"I told you so," I said smugly.

"She's cute though," he allowed.

"I told you that too," I informed him. "Shhh. Here she comes."

When Fanny climbed into the back seat, I made the formal introductions and she thanked us for including her in our evening of fun.

"No problem," I told her. "The more the merrier."

That night we introduced her to my brother, Andre', and our friends: Richard, Eric and Candy(who happened to be Andre's new girlfriend). She was kinda reserved at the beginning of the night, but she began to warm up the group after enjoying a couple of drinks from the bar. She even danced with the guys on the "booty-hopping" songs. From that night on, she was at the club with us every weekend and she would come over to our house to keep me company when Devon went out of town for business.

Before we knew it, almost a year had passed. We had grown very close and even referred to each other as sisters. I had come to the conclusion that we would never be intimate... especially after she surprised me with some very unexpected news...

"Tavia, are you busy?"

"No," I said into the receiver of the telephone. "What's up?"

"I need someone to talk to," she said. "I'm wiggin' out."

"Okay," I told her. "What's the dealio?"

"Are you sitting down?" she inquired. "You need to be sitting down."

I did so. "Okay," I uttered. "Spit it out."

"Okay," she said somewhat hesitantly. "I don't know where to begin."

"Just tell me," I insisted.

"You remember the other night, when I told you that I didn't feel well so I couldn't come over?' she inquired.

"Yes," I replied, growing curious now. "What about it?"

"I lied."

"Oh really?"

"Yeah," she said. She was quiet for a moment before she continued. "I was with Eric."

"Really?!" I said, genuinely astounded. "How did that come about?"

"Well, we've been kinda flirtin' around for a while now, ya know, talkin' shit," she explained. "Well we finally did the damn thang."

"Oh my!" I said, shaking my head to myself.

"But that's not all," Fanny stated slowly.

"Oh really," I said. "What more could there be?"

She was totally silent for a moment before pushing on. "I was with Candy as well."

My jaw dropped! "Are you serious?!" I interrogated, in shock. "When was this?!"

"The same night," she confessed.

"What?!" I nearly yelled in surprise. "At the same time?"

"Yep," she informed me.

We were both quiet for a minute, in our own little worlds, Fanny unsure of what to say, and me reminiscing about the last time I had the pleasure. Feigning innocence, I asked, "Was it your first time?" When she told me yes, I asked(somewhat excitedly), "What was it like? How did it happen?"

I sat back and listened as she gave me a blow-by-blow, well-detailed report of what happened between her and two of my close friends. As I listened, I closed my eyes and fantasized that it was Devon and me instead of our friends that she was with. I felt myself grow wet between my thighs as I imagined running my tongue between hers. I took my free hand and slid it into my pants to play in the moisture that had built up in the center of my femininity. I choked back a moan as she told me what it was like to have another woman taste her. She had described it as "weird, but not bad". I wanted to tell her that I could make it "wonderful". I had nearly orgasmed when I realized that she had said my name...

"Are you still there?" she was asking.

I cleared my throat and said, "I'm here."

"I thought I had lost you for a moment," she said. As an afterthought she said, "Maybe I shouldn't have told you. I don't want any oddness in our friendship."

"Now, don't be like that," I said. "I'm still your home girl. This won't change a thing. I'm just surprised. That's all."

"So you don't think any differently about me?" she inquired.

"Hell naw, girl," I assured her. "I think it's kinda neat."

"Really?"

"Yep," I told her. If only she knew!!! I felt my self getting wetter still. "Hey. I'm going to call you back in a little bit, okay."

"Okay," she said. Then, almost hesitantly, she asked, "Do you want some company tonight?"

"Sure," I told her. "Come over around six o'clock."

"Okay," she said. "I'll see you then."

We said our goodbyes and I hung the telephone. I rubbed my fingertips together that were now soft from being in moisture. Then it dawned on me that my panties were sticking to me. I stood up from the couch. "Damn,"I mumbled to myself. "Time for a nice, frosty shower."

I set my shower at a lukewarm temperature before stripping and climbing inside of it. My mind drifted back to Fanny telling me what she did to Candy and what Candy did to her. I leaned against the cool shower wall as my hands made their way to my full breasts. My nipples grew as hard as tiny gems as I pretended that my hands were hers. I stroked them gently, pulling on them a little bit every now and then as felt pressure begin to build up in me once again. I moaned as I imagined her hands stroking and fondling my skin with her soft hands.

I slid down the shower wall until I was sitting on the bottom of our large bathtub. I continued to fondle my breasts with one hand as I spread my legs until one was over the edge of the tub. I then let my free hand return to my kitty cat which was now wet with both water and juices of arousal. I delicately stroked my clit at first, teasing myself as images of Fanny, Devon and I filled my mind. My strokes became harder and quicker as I visualized Fanny licking upon my clit and me licking upon hers. I moaned as I pictured Devon filling her sweet pussy from behind as she sucked and licked on my breast while I tugged and played with her hair. 

My orgasm took me by surprise as I felt heat and wonder course through my body. I moaned and squirmed about in the tub as I filled my pussy with two fingers, then three, imagining Devon fucking me while I ate Fanny's wet kitty cat. I pumped my pussy with my fingers and stroked my clit until I felt like I wouldn't be able to breathe!

Once my body began to calm down and my breathing returned to normal, I set the shower at a cooler temperature and laid back in the tub as the darts of cool water revived me. Afterwards, I dried off and dressed in a simple pair of flannel pajamas. I had no intentions of leaving the house.

As six o'clock on the dot, the doorbell rang. I padded across the carpet to my front and opened it for Fanny. "I would say what's up, but I already know," I bantered as a greeting.

"Very funny," Fanny said, rolling her eyes as she hung her jacket up in the closet. "You're never going to let me live this down are you?"

"Probably not," answered gleefully. "Are you hungry?" I asked. "I just fixed a nice salad."

"No thanks," she said. "I ate before I came over."

"I bet you did," I said, unable to hold back a giggle.

"You're full of jokes today huh?" she said flopping down onto the couch.

"Of course!" I told her, laughing a little bit. I came into the living room with my Bacon-Bit & Cheese salad that was drenched with ranch dressing. I sat on the opposite end of the couch in Indian style as I devoured my food. My shower had caused me to work up an appetite!

As we watched a movie on Showtime, I couldn't seem to stay focused on the movie. My mind kept sending my eyes in her direction. The more that I tried to focus on the television, the harder it was to keep my eyes off of her. I hoped that she hadn't noticed. After several trips to the bathroom to calm myself down, I decided that eating some ice cream would make me feel better. As a matter of fact, a good alcoholic beverage would really make my day! While Fanny watched television, I mixed us up some frozen drinks made with vanilla ice cream and banana rum.

After we both had a couple of glasses of the tasty concoction, we were both full of giggles. We talked about everything from movies to our friends. Hours later, I woke up on one end of the couch with her on the other end, knocked out. I eased from the sofa and retrieved a blanket from Devon and my bedroom and covered her with it. I then cleaned up the mess of glasses and snacks that we had ended up eating throughout the night. I then went into my bedroom and climbed into bed, knowing that all that would ever happen between Fanny and us would be a good friendship.

When I finally climbed out of bed and went back into the living room, Fanny was sitting on the couch watching television. "Girl, I thought you'd be gone by now," I told her, rubbing sleep from my eyes.

"I wasn't gonna just leave without saying anything," she said, standing up to stretch. "I didn't want to be rude by just up and leaving."

I shook my head and went into the kitchen for a glass of apple juice. "So, do you have to work tonight?" I asked my friend.

"Nope," she said. "I did good enough the other day to take a day or two off."

"Well, you go girl!" I told her before taking a swig of my juice. "Come keep me company tonight. Devon will be home sometime tomorrow and won't be going into the shop at all tomorrow, so we can kick it or whatever tonight."

"Cool," she said from the living room. "I just have to pay a few bills today and I will be back over later."

"Alright. That's cool," I said, going back into the living room.

She stood up from the couch and grabbed her purse and keys. When she walked to the door, she turned around. "Are you sure that what told you won't cause any oddness between us?"

"Girl, hell naw," I scoffed. "I kinda turned me on."

She laughed. "Girl, you are so silly. I'll see you later." She then closed the door behind her as she left.

She thought I was joking!!!!!!

By four o'clock, I had shit, showered and shaved (My legs!) And was good to go. I had called Fanny and suggested checking out a movie and she agreed. When she knocked on the door, I was putting the finishing touches on my make up. I let her in and went to grab my small purse and we were off to the movies.

We laughed to the comedy of Redman and Method Man in How High. Then we went and dined on huge salads and had a couple of drinks at Shorty Smalls. Afterwards, we headed back to the house. We both plopped down onto the couch. I grabbed the remote and began to channel surf. I couldn't help but to stop on HBO. I never missed an episode of Real Sex. Ironically, the scene involved two women. I just snickered.

As if reading my mind, Fanny muttered, "Shut up."

It only made me laugh a little harder. "I'm sorry!" I told her with a snort. "I'm still trippin' on you doin' what you did."

"I thought you said that there wouldn't be any oddness between us," Fanny said, frowning at me a little.

"There isn't any oddness as you call it," I told debated with her. "I think that it's pretty cool-"

"Quit playin'-"

"I'm not playin'," I said, interrupting her. "The only thing that I could say is that I wish it could have been Devon and me instead."

"Really?" she asked, looking at me with doubt in her eyes.

"I probably shouldn't even be telling you this," I told her. "I don't want to scare you off or anything. I'm just being open with you because you were open with me."

"That's cool, I guess," she said.

"You guess?!" I said with a disbelieving cackle. "What is that supposed to mean, punk?"

"I mean... I don't know.."she stammered. She sighed."I don't know."

"Hey," I said, trying to be soothing, "it's no big deal. I just figured that I would get it this off of my chest. Now I feel better since I confessed, so we can act like I never said a word okay."

"No, it's not like that," she contended. "I don't want y'all to think I'm a hoe or something like that."

"We would never think that about you, lil' mama, " I told her. "We already think you have some freakishness to you, but never a hoe. Actually, I hold you in a whole new respect for being bold enough to do what you did AND THEN tell me about it."

"For real?" she asked.

"Yep," I answered. Then as an afterthought I said, "If you ever decide you want to try to some one on one action, holla at me."

She laughed. When she realized I was serious, she quieted down. "You're serious, aren't you?" she asked with disbelief.

"Yeah," I told her. "I'm sure Devon won't mind. He might even want to join in if you want him to. I'm just throwing those options out there just in case you ever decide to...ya know..."

"I'll keep that in mind," she said, rolling her eyes with a slight laugh.

We sat in silence for a while as we watched Real Sex. I finally broke the silence by asking her, "Did you like it?"

"I was alright," she said. "I'd think about doing it again. Amazing, but true."

I finally got up the nerve to ask. "Can we do it?"

Caught off guard, she said, "Do what?"

I just looked at her pointedly.

Catching on, she asked, "Is that your way of trying to come on to me?!"

"No," I told her. "I was asking a question. Do you want me to come on to you?"

"I'm not saying that," she explained. "I'm just like...damn.."

"Fine," I said readjusting on the couch so that my face was an inch from hers. "Do you want me in your face, like this? Or maybe you want me to kiss on your neck...like this?" I let my lips graze the hollow of her throat.

"Tavia," she said, her voice cracking a little bit. "Quit playin'. You fulla shit."

"Think so?" I challenged, throwing all caution to the wind. "Oh, I'm serious," I said against her neck.. "Think I'm playin'?" I let the tip of my tongue travel from the side of her neck towards the center of her chest. I heard her sharp intake of breath and smiled to myself. There's no turning back for me now, I thought to myself as I began to unbutton her shirt. I parted her shirt, revealing a black lace bra. My tongue drifted from the center of her chest to the valley between her breasts. When I heard a soft moan, I was further encouraged to continue.
