 I was young when I lost my virginity. It was nothing special, I'm sure he only wanted me because he thought I'd put out, and I guess... he was right. It was in his car, well.. on the bonnet of his car. He saw, he conquered, he came. I didn't. 

In fact, between my first sexual experience and the age of nineteen, I had never cum with a man. Never. Foreplay, the actual act, role-playing.. it didn't seem to matter. The only time I could properly FEEL it, was alone. 

I met Rebecca at a party. I was new to the 'crowd', having just changed schools, and apparently very interesting to those around me. I didn't tell much about myself, and my old school had been a fair distance away, so I probably came across as Miss-dark-and-mysterious. As the night wore on, I stayed at Bec's side. Laughing at drunken boys offering us drinks, dances and goodness knows what else. Talking about life, love... the tragedy of the skirt the girl on the couch across from us was wearing. 

It was a small gathering, probably not much more than 30 or so people in a fairly large house. But it was loud. We were talking about her major project for Drama at school and decided that we'd have a better chance of actually hearing one another outside. A bit of stumbling and some giggling later we were seated comfortably on the back step. The lighting was poor, and we were both sipping fairly toxic vodka & orange mixes, so before long we were leaning against one another to hold ourselves up.

We reached that stage that I'm sure everyone has been at – where everything is funny, or incredibly, incredibly deep. I was twisted to be looking at her, [propping myself up with my elbow on the stair above us] and she was half tilted. She started to fall mid-sentence and I went to grab her. I guess I was less co-ordinated than I thought I was, because not only did I grab her.. but in the sudden motion forward, I started to fall with her. 

Giggling, we crawled across the path and out onto the grass. I didn't realise it at the time, but her hand was still secured firmly within my own palm. It seemed so magic, laying there on my back, fingers entwined with hers, shoulders touching, the stars twinkling above us. And then my view of the sky was interrupted – a tumble of black curls and a slightly red face appeared. I was struck by how incredibly blue her eyes were – infact, to this day I have not been able to describe that precise hue – and started to tell her. My words came out in a jumble, and before I knew it her lips were pressing onto my own.

I've never felt anything quite like it. So soft, so yielding. And yet, as her arm crept across my chest and rested on the other side of me – pinning me down, so powerful. My initial reaction was shock, but with the gentle coaxing of her tongue, before long I had opened to her kisses and was wrapping my arms around her, pulling her with little shame into me.

She was so... gentle. I got the distinct impression she had been with a girl before. Her touch, unlike my clumsy one, was delicate and certain, her hands glided over my body like graceful swans – mine jutted, jerked, and were often frozen in the one place as I searched my mind desperately for some sort of reason – some grasp of reality that would wake me up and force me to push her off.

I didn't, though. 

To the sound of 'Roxanne' I caressed the first breast that did not belong to me. I recall her skin not being milky as I imagined it would've been [although, why I had imagined something like that I'll never know]... but dusted with freckles. She waited patiently while I explored her naked chest, rolling her over and kneeling over her groin, smoothing my hands up her ribs, cupping her breasts, flicking my thumbs over her hard nipples. 

To the sound of a young teenage girl moaning I kissed my way down her neck, following the line of her collarbone, to eventually suck 'pon those gorgeously pink areolas. Very quickly I learned what each gasp, each alteration in pitch meant, and before long she was squirming beneathe me, rising her thigh between my own and grinding against my own dampening groin. Finally she grabbed me by the chin and pulled me up, our tongues meeting in a furious kiss before she almost threw me off her, wrenching the buttons of my blouse open and unbuckling my bra in a single deft movement. . or it seemed that way, anyway. 

Kneeling with her on the grass, staring at her – staring at my half naked form, I don't know if I've ever been more aroused than I was at that moment. Tenderly she lowered me back onto the grass and assaulted my neck with wet kisses before trickling her tongue down my chest. I knew, then, that she had been with girls before. It didn't even take minutes before her tongue and teeth teasing at my nipples had me arching, eyes clenching closed as I groaned for more.

She stopped. 

I looked up at her, meeting her gaze confusedly, why was she looking at me like that? As she gently rested her hand 'pon the zip of my jeans - I knew what she wanted. 

I nodded my assent, whispering that I never wanted her to stop – unsure if it was her or myself I was trying to convince. Vulnerable, naked and exposed I lay with her straddled somewhere around my knees – juices glistening between my thighs, giving away my excitement. Time seemed to stop, our eyes meeting once more before she lowered her head and moaned in sync with my own. 

I saw stars that night, and I think for the most of it my eyes were closed. Her hands squirmed under my ass and pulled me up to meet her willing lips, using her tongue like nothing I have since been able to duplicate, humming into my rapidly heating mound. I couldn't breathe, I was moaning and tugging at her hair, pleading to her – although for what, I was not sure. 

There was a heat building up, it started in my stomache and spread from there out – easing its way down my arms and legs until it reached the very tips of my limbs. And then I felt it. This... unfurling of pleasure, following the exact duplicate path the heat had – a rush of fluid between my legs, which Bec – my goddess, my angel, was tenderly lapping up, moaning into my wet snatch. I had only orgasmed before then in the safety of my bedroom, and tended to curl up at the very beginning of the good feelings. But she just kept licking, fingers plunging into me, it wasn't long before another climax crept up on me, this time washing over me in waves, shock after gentle shock of tingles and warmth flooding my body.

Only when I whimpered and begged her, did she crawl up my exhausted body and collapse 'pon my chest. Only then did her lips lower to mine, smelling muskily like myself. 

... Only then did Daniel walk out of the back door and chuckle. Oh boy was school interesting on Monday.