 Slowly, I surfaced from dreamland to this present world, feeling her presence, soft breasts pushed up against my back, the rest of her body moulded against me. I smiled as I felt her warm hand stroke slowly up the side of my thigh, a caress as much as anything provocative. She kissed my neck tenderly, but in just the right spot to make my breath hitch, and I felt her lips curl in satisfaction.

She pressed herself harder against me, and I could now feel her nipples adding contrast to the deliciousness of her firm, yet soft, breasts. Her centre nuzzled my rear, the little hairs tickling slightly, softened by a warm moisture that started my own juices flowing. Her hand continued its assent, over my hip and smoothing out onto my stomach, whilst she continued to nuzzle my neck.

"Mmm," I moaned, wriggling a little to press my arse more into her wetness, feeling my groggy slumber lifting. She smiled some more against my neck, and I could feel her breathing increase. She gave a short sharp thrust of her hips, along with a long, low, quiet growl that made me leak. Her hand slid firmly up my torso, unhesitatingly taking my upper breast into her grip, beginning a firm massage.

"God, sweetie!" I whispered, letting my breath out in a long hiss, unaware I had been holding it whilst waiting to see what she'd do with her hand. I wanted to see her now, so rolled onto my back, turning sleepy eyes to meet her lustful, bright ones. The intensity of her look and continued manipulation of my breast forced any residual sluggishness out my system. A slow smile formed on my face as I took in her gorgeous features. Noticing my increased alertness, she gave me a wicked grin, then tweaked my nipple and pressed her lips firmly against my own, making me gasp. Then it was her turn to moan as I opened my mouth, allowing her entry. She manoeuvred herself eagerly over me, hands either side of my shoulders, lifting her torso onto mine, spreading my legs and settling in so perfectly on top of me. I could only groan, my mouth being stoppered by her talented lips and tongue. My hands moved to her back, scraping down the soft curves until I found her wondrous arse, fitting so nicely into my hands. I groaned again, pressing her wetness into my own, making her growl.

She pulled up from the kiss, straightening her arms and arching her back, gazing down at my face, then at my body. "Fuck, you're amazing!" She moaned, pressing her sopping centre against my own.

"Oh, fuck, sweetheart!" I hissed, grinding my hips right back up into her. "Fuuuccckkkk....!" I could barely contain myself, and half hoped she would start to hump me, I was already so close.

But she had other ideas. She pulled her groin away from me and lowered her chest down again, whispering into my ear. "Patience, my sweet."

'Fuck, fuck, fuck,' was all I could think, my core twitching, resisting the urge to thrust upwards, trying to get my breathing under control. She gave a low chuckle, before nuzzling back into my neck, knowing I was completely under her control now. "Bitch!" I hissed, eliciting another chuckle.

Her kisses began to work their way along my collar-bone, and down my chest, working towards a shoulder, then towards the underside of my breast, which she knew would drive me mad. She started to caress the other breast, her fingers playing over the side and underneath as well.

I whimpered, feeling the sensations shoot right down to my groin, making me wriggle trying to find some sort of relief. I felt her grin against my breast, and I knew this was going to be a torturous wait for satisfaction. The thought made me groan in frustration, and pleasure. My girl knew just how to play me. Despite my areolar puckering, and my nipples become taunt, she was still annoyingly able to resist temptation.

My breathing by now was ragged. I ran my hands along her back, looking for any reason to take my mind from the anticipation of where her next kiss might land. As I smoothed up her sides, and felt the gentle curve of her breasts, it was my turn to grin when her breath hitched. I left my fingertips lingering, enjoying the sensation, hoping she would cave.

But she merely got her breathing under control, and changed over to kissing my neglected breast, denying me yet the pleasure of her warm tongue against a painfully erect nipple.

"Mngh!" An unintelligible sound forced out my constricted throat, as my body thrust forward yet again, my breasts towards her mouth, my groin towards her own, yet finding only air. Just as my body was settling down again, it rose back up in surprise as she enveloped the whole of my nipple and areola in her mouth.

"Oh, fuck sweatheart!" I moaned, my hands going to her head, pulling her into me, the pleasure rocketing down to my groin. I felt a bead of moisture start to roll down my bum, and knew I was in big trouble. Her tongue swirled around the nipple, making me groan again. I let go of her head, giving her back the control she wanted, and she started to suckle, and nip, and lick against me, one breast then the next.

I could feel it all so exquisitely in my breasts and nipples, and savoured the fast track down to my groin. Suddenly I groaned. "Oh, God, honey, I think I'm going to...!" She pulled off of me with a plop.

"Oh no you don't, not until I'm ready!"

"Fuck, fuck, fuck, fuck!" I cried, my body wriggling, wanting. I tried to calm myself. She came back up to my lips, leaning down and taking them in a tender caress.

"The next one baby," she whispered, "is going to rip right through you like you can't even imagine!" Her tenderness, and love, soothed me. As soon as I had my breathing back under control, she grinned at me, and started her decent again. This time she kissed right down onto each nipple without hesitation or teasing, pulling on them, allowing them to pop out of her mouth, sending little jerks of electricity downwards. She smirked, then began kissing down my stomach, holding my gaze.

My breathing was becoming erratic again, and I could feel my skin warming. Her gaze was hypnotic, erotic. "Oh, baby!" I whispered, running my hands through her hair. She just smiled, continuing her slow journey along my abdomen. She reached my hair-line, and kissed along it to my hip, then followed it down my thigh towards the middle. I opened my legs out more, giving her all the access she needed, groaning when she unexpectedly took the outer lips in her mouth, running her tongue along the edge. All this time she had held my gaze, but now she pulled away from me, and looked down at me, lying open and vulnerable to her wishes. The look of lust that passed over her face nearly made me come there and then.

"Fucking hell, babe, you're so wet! You look amazing, I can barely hold myself back."

"I wish you wouldn't!" I moaned, "I need you on me, hun, in me, please!"

Her evil look replaced her lustful, and I let my head fall back with a load groan.

"Tell me again, what you want?" She asked seductively, as I felt her fingers slide up my slick thigh, up to the apex, then move away again.

"Bitch!" I muttered under my breath, but she heard it.

"Oh, ok, that's the way you want it, huh?" she chuckled, caressing her fingers slowly over my outer folds, aided by my copious fluids. 

I groaned, knowing she wouldn't relent. I twitched as her fingers worked their way inwards, a slow journey that made my hips rise in slow undulations. Before she could touch anything good she took her hands away, making me groan again, her chuckle permeating the mist that was descending upon my brain. She manoeuvred, and I felt her lips against me once again, kissing my thigh. She came closer to my centre, and took a long, appreciative sniff, that made me leak a little more fluid. Softy, her warm tongue flattened against me, and she slowly licked me all the way up. We both groaned at the same time, then I held my breath as she approached my pearl.

Would she, or wouldn't she?

With a sigh I let all my breath out, her mouth enveloping me, finally.

"Fuck babe!"

But that was all I was getting. She pulled away, and began working her mouth around my outer lips again, making me groan. My hips restarted their gyrations. I placed a hand on her head, but put no pressure on it, I just needed the contact. She worked her way up one side, then the other, before moving on to gently tongue my inner lips.

My undulations were getting wider, my grip on her head stronger.

She pulled back again, taking my hands in hers, "Uh, uh, hun, let me do this," she said, as she placed my hands either side of me.

I groaned, but dutiful bunched up the sheets in each fist. She smiled triumphantly, and then commenced her ministrations again. First one side, then the other. Licking and kissing, her arms looped under my thighs and onto my hips, holding me down and to her mouth simultaneously. She moaned as she worked on me, and I could feel her body undulating too. 

Finally, with a little whimper, she allowed her tongue to tip my hole, making me groan aloud.

"Fuck, babe, please!"

My pleas seemed to work, because she began tonguing me with more fervour, but always only around my hole, not higher, and not deeper. My hands gripped the sheets harder, pushing my groin up, wanting desperately to take her head and put it where I wanted it. Her tongue danced upwards slowly, then just as I thought she was going to touch my clit, she swerved it to the side.

I moaned and thrust up again, but to no avail. She just started at the bottom again, doing the same, but swirling to the other side, this time. 

"Babe!" I hissed

Chuckling, she relented, flattening her tongue over my clit, then sucking it in, and starting to work it like she had my nipples.

"Oh, yeeeeees!" I cried, thrusting harder. Suddenly I stilled. I felt something new at my entrance. "Fuck, yes babe!"

With agonising slowness, she pushed her fingers in, and I held my breathing, waiting for her to bottom out and reach that amazing place within me. As she reached it, I groaned, holding still, hoping the feeling would last forever. Slowly she turned her hands upwards, then bent the pads of her fingers and steadily withdrew, finding all the spots along the way that make me twitch and sigh.

"Mmm, that's amazing!"

She fucked me, slowly, but firmly. I had forgotten her tongue was still on my clit, but groaned when I felt her begin to work me again. My senses in overdrive, I started thrusting up towards her once more. She built up intensity, the expletives rolling off my tongue as I encouraged her to keep fucking me. I was moaning and groaning by now, my breathing right out of control. I felt the sweat and heat starting, the warmth building up around my middle and start to wash over me.

"Oh yes, oh yes baby! Fuck! Yeeeesssss, yeeessss!"

With one last cry, the orgasm that had been denied me twice, crashed over me. I let go of the sheets, and held her to me, one wave after the next wracking through me, as I spasmed against her.

Looking down and seeing her spasming too, eyes tight shut, moaning into me, mouth still gently working me, sent me off again, until I had to pull her off of me. She just lay there, her head resting against my thigh, as we both rode the come-down shocks. When she regained some energy, she crawled up into my arms, resting now into my shoulder. We were still riding the occasional after-shock, but gradually they wore off, and our breathing eased more towards normal.

"Wow, babe!" I whispered, when I had the energy. She just smiled into my shoulder, so I turned my head and kissed her forehead, which felt a little chill as the sweat cooled. She shivered, and hugged me tighter. I disentangled myself, and found the duvet at the bottom of the bed, pulling it up over us, gathering her back into my arms.

"Thank you," she whispered, lifting her head to me now, and smiled adorably. I couldn't resist her, and leaned across to kiss her.

"I should be thanking you, that was amazing! I wasn't expecting you home until tomorrow?"

She chuckled, "Now, wouldn't that have spoiled the surprise?"

"Wouldn't it?" I smiled, "there'll be hell to pay in the morning!"

"Mmm, can't wait...!"

A warm, sleepy, satisfied feeling was washing over me. I kissed her again. "I love you, sweetheart."

"I love you too, hun." She gave me one last peck on the lips, then snuggled down into my arms. I smiled, allowing sleep to wash over me, content to be whole again.