 The great town hall was ablaze with the firelight of lamps, and boisterous with laughter and talk of the townspeople. None were resting or idle, except for the elderly who sat in corners talking about the good old times. Grandmamma was hugging my sleeping baby brother, while my old aunt, whose arthritic hand awkwardly groped over her knitting, was humming a sweet tune. The early evening was closing in and the moon was mounting; the farm labourers came from their outdoor chores and were assembling in the large hall, which gave space for a degree or more of partiers.

A number of the men were occupied in carving up the meat, and to these were ceded the best place and light; others were drinking or dancing with the women and jingling to the tune of the violin. The women, mostly middle aged, were organising and placing the table for the banquet that would last the whole night. This was my first banquet, seeing as I came to age a few months ago. Children of a certain age were not allowed to participate after midnight.

My friend Nadia was there in the corner, she kept watching me all the time with a brutal expression on her face. She was nine years my senior and, like me, nobody had invited her to dance. Maybe it was because most men feared her intimidating appearance. Her face was so muscular-like and her temper so violent she scared people away. She behaved, dressed and hunted like a man.

There were rumours that she'd finally found someone to marry her. It made me happy, because my father had told me he'd found a suitable candidate for me too. Maybe Nadia and I could get married on the same day.

She could have been married sooner if she didn't behave so much like an Amazon. She had sworn she'd only marry a man who could defeat her in an arm wrestle. Whoever he might be, her new husband had to be a colossus. I had seen Nadia take on five men at once and win.

Nadia stood well over six-foot tall, a lot taller than the average village male, and was magnificently pulsating and muscled from head to toe. Her skin was tanned a dark bronze, both from the hot sun as well as the hours of ploughing the fields. Her figure was still quite shapely, and curvaceous.

I'd say she was very beautiful. I was about the only friend she truly had in the entire village; I was also the only one who could say more than three words to her without her losing her temper.

However, tonight I was feeling uncomfortable by her glare and I hoped that one of the boys would ask me to dance. I expected to see Gabriel at the banquet, but he wasn't here. These past few months he'd been courting me and soon he'd probably ask my father for my hand in marriage. I was at that age when I was ready to start my own family.

I didn't understand why nobody invited me until I saw her. Nadia curled a vicious snarl at any of the boys who dared to look at me. Her look had become positively frightening and I was thinking about telling my father about it. My father was the only one whom Nadia respected, because he was the village leader.

Everybody looked at me strangely as though they knew something I didn't. They deliberately avoided me.

Near me were some children playing hopscotch and running around. Some of the boys were peeking under the skirts of women, and I questioned if my brother might one day do the same at their age. My mother walked towards me and handed me a silver chalice to drink from.

"Drink Ligia," she told me. "It'll help."

I asked her what it is, but there was a mysterious smile on her face. I only drank half the content but she obliged me to drink it all. The sweet tasting liquid has left me dizzy and I had become submissive of myself.

The hall had now divided themselves into two groups of people and no one was dancing anymore. The music had stopped and I saw my father ushering my mother to take the children to bed. For some reason they are all asleep as if drugged.

The lamp in its centre burns with the light of the candles. Those farthest from the fire had direct heat from two braziers filled with glowing wood coals, replenished from time to time from the generous fireplace. My cheeks were rosy red from the flickers of the immense fire, and my mind scarcely prevailed beyond the limits of my consciousness.

That drink my mother gave me has left me weary; there is a strange friction in my blood; a desolate absence in my brain. Familiar objects and faces had grown repugnant to me. I wanted to be alone. I was in that state of mind when complete repudiation of the general public was a necessity.

I walked out of the hall to breathe some air when I heard the doors bolt closed behind me. I began to think that my mother might have poisoned me with that drink. I endured a fire burn within me which I had never before felt in my life. The fire was burning in the pit of my stomach and moving downwards towards my crotch.

I rubbed my pussy against the wooden doorpost and it sent electrifying sensations through me. It helped a little bit, but it was not by far what I needed. I don't understand what had happened to me. I simply couldn't help myself.

I tried to clear my mind, but the craving was worse. My dress was too thick and wide for the doorpost to ease this strange itch. I tried to rub harder, but to no avail.

All around my pelvic region was on fire. My breath got hotter and I started to salivate. I forced myself to stop and took a deep breath. The cool air helped me feel better.

Then, from out of the shadows into the flickering light of the oil lamp came somebody stealthy. I startled horribly, because initially I thought it was a wolf. The mystery being was a person who walked on two legs and was incredibly tall. That partially put my mind to rest.

I was startled to discover the sight of Nadia. She wore a wolf's skin over her head, but was naked from head to toe and smeared with mud. Between her legs hung a massive wooden like phallus that was nearly as thick as my wrist. It was almost horse sized and her eyes looked unforgiving. She gave one quick glance up into my face, muttered something, a growl, I think, and towered over me like a gigantic bull.

"You have seasoned well," snarled Nadia squeezing breast. "Your mother didn't approve of this but ..."

"Nadia!" I cried horrified. "What do you think you're doing?"

Her only response was to slap me and blood gushed from my lip. She then forcefully pulled me by my arm and stuck her tongue into my mouth. I pulled away violently disgusted by her filthy behaviour.

"I'm telling my father about this!" I threatened.

"Who do you think sent me here?" She circled me like a she-wolf in heat. "You are my betrothed."

"What are you talking about?" I stared horrified. "My father would never do that, besides ... You're a woman!"

"No little one." She curled a wicked smiled on her face. "You are the woman, you are my little bitch."

"I thought we were friends!" I bellowed. "Why are you doing this?"

"I take what I want," she ripped off my girdle and flounced skirt as if it were paper. "I want you."

I stood before her completely naked and I covered my breasts in shame. I felt the silence ensue. It was a thing still more awful than any amount of her vulgar discourse; I held my breath and stepped delicately back; planting my foot carefully and firmly, after balancing in a precarious way and almost toppling over. I turned around and banged forcefully on the door, and presently the heads of the villagers were thrust from windows.

Nadia spun me around and placed to fingers in my pussy and removed them. They were full of my juices as she sucked them greedily. It shamed me to admit it but I rather enjoyed Nadia sticking her fingers into my love hole.

"Mmm," she observed my pussy. "You will be a good wife!"

"Stop that!" I slapped her hard on the face. "I will never be your wife!"

"I knew you'd fight me," she laughed. "I wouldn't want you any other way."

My arousal wasn't due to Nadia. I figured that it must've been that diabolical drink mother gave me. Why had my family done this to me?

"Father! Mother!" I cried desperately on the door. "Save me!"

"Run Ligia" warned my father. "The wolf is after you!"

His words came a little slowly and deliberately, as though he spoke in a contemptuous tone of voice. I hesitated, and stopped, as though I were expecting everything to be some tasteless joke, for lack of a better word.

Nadia approached me from behind and squeezed my breasts hard. Her enthusiasm for my body excited me to some degree, but it also inspired dread into me. There was something portentous about this young, bright, powerful woman planning to ravish me. Nadia's aspect was frightening. My fear granted me strength beyond my normal capability and I pushed her onto the ground.

So I ran forward, plunging through the darkness and knocking over whatever blocked my way. I ran towards the woods passed the fir trees at an enormous risk of getting lost. There was no grass in this area, only ample rough vegetation. The valley itself was enclosed by unpleasant hills; no one would come to my rescue.

I ran, for that was all I could do, but I could not stop; Nadia was chasing me with her colossal wooden phallus strapped between her legs. I was a virgin, but I needn't much imagination to figure what Nadia intended to with it. So I splashed rapidly through the mud seeking safety in the forest.

Nadia quickened her pace and I felt her gaining on me like a predator. I judged her speed as admirable; it was a gloating security in her own excelling and enduring efforts of speed that I felt that I'd never outrun her. I hid watching from behind a tree Nadia howling furiously at the moon. Her hands were balled into fists and punched the empty air outraged that I'd escaped.

Never had I heard my heart race so hurriedly and loudly. Nadia gazed upon the ground looking for any tracks which I might have left behind. She was the best huntress in the village. I discovered that I found myself put to the test as never had I been before in any chase.

I took another step back, with the same caution and the same risk; then another and another, and then ... a twig snapped under my foot! My breath stopped and Nadia listened. There was no sound; the stillness was perfect for her to discover me. Her patience was measureless and I in my eagerness to flee denounced my position.

She saw me and emerged like a she-wolf to attack its prey. I pick up and turned nimbly on my heels and flew. Nadia swirled about and leapt to the right, and I, unprepared for so prompt a lurch, found myself knocked off my feet. I heard her laugh and shout of sheer exhilaration of catching her prey.

There was an eighth of a ton on me, mostly bone and muscle, crushing my tiny body, I was easy pickings and unable to budge the bulk over me.

She had landed so hard that the wind was blown out of me, and with such tremendous impulsion, that I hadn't enough initial stability to take the impact and bring myself back on my feet. I went down like a leaf, she on top of me, laughing with mud on her face, pinning my shoulders down and sucking my sensitive nipples.

"That's it!" She moaned pleased. "Squirm and fight it all the way! Resist me!"

She picked me up, raising me to heights I'd never been before, and there she stood erect. She placed my legs over her shoulders and began to suck at my hole as her tongue plunged in and out, until I cried out as the waves of passion overwhelmed me. I forcefully battered her head with my fists but it was if I were hitting solid rock. I ripped the wolf skin off her head in fury, but my resistance was only making her wilder and more eager.

To my horror I felt myself getting wetter and wanted nothing more than for Nadia to continue, but I needed to fight her. She slowed down, gently lapping up all of my sweet nectar, not leaving a drop to be wasted.

Her strength was incredible in the way she held me in the air with my legs over her shoulders. It was if I weighed nothing to her. She engulfed my clit into her mouth and sucked on it until I could feel it swelling in her mouth. Then as she sucked it, she began to flick it with her tongue; with each flick sending another spasm through my body. She kept her hands wrapped tightly around my hips to keep me from kicking off in a moment of passion.

Suddenly she pulled her mouth away and ran towards the town hall with me in her lap. She stormed down the doors with an incredible ease. Inside were the village elders, my family and all the other adult inhabitants.

They were completely naked and chanting around a statue which had an enormous erect penis. There was a mischievous grin on the statue and it was human-size.

Nadia raised me over her head as if I were a trophy and roared like a wolf. She paraded me around in display to the whole audience.

"She's my wench!" She shook me violently in the air. "She's mine! I conquered her!"

She placed my body upon a white blanket, which I assumed the villagers had placed there. They were all in conformity with what Nadia was doing to me; my father, my mother, all of the elders was in agreement. They had betrayed me to this savage woman.

"Mother? Father?" I looked at them. "What going on?"

"You're getting married to Nadia," answered my father.

"Don't worry darling," spoke my naked grandmother. "Nobody will judge you."

I rolled my eyes back as Nadia engulfed my breast whole into her mouth. Then she looked at me with wild lustful eyes and greased her wooden-like phallus with olive oil. An expression of horror radiated from my face. Nadia was definitely enjoying this, because her pussy was dripping with her own love juices.

"Maybe you should use a smaller phallus," my mother hinted mercifully.

"My wench can handle what I give her," Nadia snarled. "She is strong!!"

"She is smaller than you are," spoke my mother. "Be gentle with her, please."

She pulled my legs apart and passed her long finger between my dripping pussy and showed my mother my juices. I felt so ashamed at the revelation.

"I'll do it slowly!" Nadia agreed.

She slowly penetrated my wet pussy and I bit down on my tongue preventing myself from screaming. My little cunt was wet enough to let the cock tip to slid into me. Nadia was breathing tremendously fast and was trying to spread my legs even further as she penetrated my warm inviting cunt. I shrieked out loud and Nadia suddenly stopped.

"I sorry Ligia," she finally looked at me tenderly. "I'm sometimes a brute and I don't think of the consequences ..."

"Don't stop now!" I opened my legs wider. "I beg you!"

"I'll use a smaller cock."

"Don't you dare!" I threatened. "If you do that I'll hate you forever!"

"Very well," she French kissed me. "Bite down on my shoulder if it helps."

I bit down hard on her shoulder but she paid it no mind. My knees trembled with fear and my heart pumped with anxiety of losing my virginity to her, but it felt like the right thing to do. Each stroke inside me went deeper and then I began to grab her asscheeks. I'd finally surrendered and urged her to go deeper, faster and much harder.

I made soft moans with every entrance and then a loud noise in pain as she forced her wooden phallus deep inside me with a fraction of the force she could gather, tearing my hymen and making me a virgin no more.

A tiny amount of blood trickled out of me and I felt a little pain. She thrust it in again, a little harder this time and the phallus entered our pussies at the same time. Repeatedly pushing in me, her cock widened at my aching pussy. Her phallus was rather large and the penetrations made its very presence in my pussy a mind shattering cycle of animal induced pain.

The phallus on her side was buried deep inside her pussy, but my pussy was still too tight for a deeper penetration. I raised my hips to allow another inch in me. I peered up at my lover and saw the gaze of lust in her eyes. At that moment in time I silently swore to please her. I'd have no other lover than her.

I grabbed her by the ass and took the phallus down another inch in my pussy, this time more powerfully, almost violently, taking Nadia by surprise. I could feel the walls of my pussy stretch to their elastic limit. This satisfied her enough to allow her to enter me a little more.

She placed my legs over her shoulders and slowly pushed in, pausing briefly when she felt me tense. After she had gotten half the cock inside me, she began to withdraw, then push back inside, easing in even more. After several minutes of careful and tender stroking, she was finally all the way in.

Pausing briefly, Nadia then began pumping in and out, slowly at first, then gradually picking up speed. My tight pussy felt like a moist glove. Nadia knew I wouldn't last longer at this rate, but she was besieged with lust. She began to pump in and out faster and faster, till she felt her own juice smearing the wooden phallus being drawn out of her cunt.

The phallus was completely concealed inside our cunts. Nadia reached around me and began massaging her clit against mine, rubbing it hard and fast in an effort to help us cum more quickly.

When I felt the Nadia's pussy juices splashing against my pussy, it sent me over the edge to one last shattering climax. I held Nadia tight with my legs, still moving, still in the convulsions of my orgasm. I knew that the phallus would never grow soft and shrivel, yet I was nearly spent. I pressured my cunt onto hers as long as I possibly could with the cock wedged between us. I finally sighed with contentment, and let my legs fall from her shoulders. The phallus fell from our cunts with a pop.

Nadia got up and picked me up with only one arm at her side. She wasn't finished with me yet. She possessed the strength and power of a bull. She'd stop making love to me only when she'd had enough.

"Remember our deal" said Nadia to my parents and to all the villagers. "She's my wife."

She took me to the privacy of her hut and continued to pound my pussy throughout the night non-stop. Finally, into the dawn, she straddled my face and forced me to suck on her clit. She swivelled her pussy movements to match my tongue. She began to thrust wildly, nearly suffocating me, offering her female juices. I sucked greedily on the throbbing clit, feeling it expand in breadth as her cuntjuice burst like a dam into my mouth and face. I licked her nectar from her cunt lips and then from her inner thigh. She was proud of me.

Only when all the energy had drained from Nadia's body did she collapse into my arms and pressed her face into my bosom and began to cry. The emotional intensity of what had happened, and indeed of our mysterious marriage, welled up in her and I soothed her profuse tears.

The weight of her body was nearly crushing, but I enjoyed having her over me. I felt protected from the world. Never had I been so happy, so rewarded. My lover held me tight with her muscular arms, comforting me and nurturing me as only I knew she could do.

For the next two days we made love like there was no tomorrow and nobody bothered us during that time. Only on the third day did Nadia leave to go to work. My mother came to visit me. There was a terrible sense of guilt in her eyes.

"I have some explaining to do," she confessed.

Every year the villagers celebrated the transition of a new season according to ancient pagan customs. At midnight they would drug the children and send them to bed early. The adults, old and young, would all participate in a sexual orgy in celebration of a new harvest. Although we were Christians, this particular tradition managed to survive.

"What does this have to do with me and Nadia," I asked.

Nadia had been a difficult person even as a child; and finding a husband for her was proving an impossible feat. All of her contenders were systematically beaten to a pulp. She wouldn't let any man touch her. The villagers would have left her as a spinster, but she was becoming more aggressive. The elders knew her problem was an excess of sexual energy, but how were they to solve her problem?
