 ***Earlier that night***

"You must be Josh," Abby said, "Tara told me you were coming. My name is Abby. Sorry about my appearance, I just got out of the pool. Tara is waiting on the back porch for you, it's right through the kitchen."

She pointed Josh in the right direction and headed upstairs. She smiled to herself as she thought about how this all began.

Every so often she would sneak into Tara's room while she was away and read her diary. Tara would put everything from what she did at school to what she did with the boys she was dating. Tara had been sleeping with all of the boys she had dated for the last six months. Abby liked to read about these encounters and imagine herself in her sister's place as she masturbated.  Two weeks ago though she found something especially interesting. 

On this particular trip into Tara's diary, Abby found more than a past experience. As she flipped through the more recent entries, she realized that Tara was planning something for the future, probably the near future. While she couldn't find a date or time, she saw exactly what Tara wanted to do and that she wanted to do it with a guy named Josh. Abby was still a virgin, albeit a very curious virgin. She hadn't had any experience with sex past masturbating and had no real knowledge other than what they taught in sex ed and things she saw on the internet. She decided that is she planned it right, she might be able to use her sisters scheme as a chance to see some of the things she had only read about live and in person. Her pussy began to leak as she began to think of the possibilities and read through Tara's plan.

The diary said that she wanted to start at the pool and spend the weekend having sex in various places both inside and outside the house. Tara obviously was going to need to wait for their parents to leave for the weekend, which meant Abby would have a little warning as to when this was going to happen. Abby also knew that she would also need to be gone for the weekend, and she would have to find her way back into the house without her sister noticing. 

She didn't have long to plan before the pieces fell into place for Tara. As luck would have it, two days later the girls parents announced they were planning on going on a weekend trip to the family cabin to open it up for the season. They would be leaving in two weeks. Abby knew she needed to scramble to make sure she was there, but not there for that weekend.

The next day at school, Abby talked to her best friend Jen when they got a moment in private. Jen was about 5 ft 4 in with long blond hair and blue eyes. She wasn't thin, but wasn't fat either. She had large breasts which did a good job of directing attention away from her slightly chubby stomach. The important part was she had her own car and would be able to provide Abby with both the excuse to get away from the house as well as the means to get back. 

"Hey Jen, I need a huge favor." Abby said.

"What's up?" Jen asked.

Abby explained to Jen what was going on with her sister and Josh.

"I really want to spy on them." Abby said.

"I will help you on one condition; you have to let me go with you." Jen said.

Abby hadn't thought about this, and it made her plans much more complicated. After a couple moments though she realized that there was no way to make this work with Jen and reluctantly agreed. They made plans for Abby to pretend to she was staying at Jen's for the weekend and for Jen to pick her up Friday night around 8:30. They then worked together to figure out how to get back into position to watch Tara and Josh. It wasn't long before they had a plan that they felt confident would work. 

A couple days later Abby told her parents at dinner that she would be going to Jen's next weekend for the entire weekend. Tara visibly perked up and Abby couldn't help but smile to herself.

Things were uneventful for next week. Abby continued to check Tara's diary to see any indication of when Josh would be arriving and that she was actually going through with her plan. However, she never saw any mention of it. She was starting to worry that she was mistaken about Tara's plans or that Tara had changed her mind. What if she was just imagining possible plans? What if Tara didn't actually intend to follow through? Luckily, on the Friday that there parents were leaving, Tara came to Abby after school. 

"Hey Abby, I have a friend coming over around 8." Tara said.

"Oh?" asked Abby in her best uninterested voice. "Who's coming over?"

"A guy named Josh from school is coming over to give me some help in Math." Tara said.

"Ahh, cool. Well Jen will be over to pick me up around 8:30." Abby said.

"Ok, well I'm going to take a shower and change, then I'm going to relax out by the pool. When the door bell rings could you answer it and point Josh out to me?" Tara asked.

"Sure." Abby responded.

Tara left and Abby found she suddenly had butterflies in her stomach, as well as a growing warmth between her legs. This was actually going to happen! She went to her room and sat on her bed, waiting for Tara to finish her shower. When she heard Tara get out of the shower, leave their shared bathroom, and head down to the pool, she quickly stripped down to her underwear and put on a robe. Then she headed to the shower and soaked her hair so that it looked like she had been swimming.

"I want to make sure to make the right impression on him." Abby thought to herself as she looked in the full length mirror behind the door. She figured that showing up looking like she came out of the pool when she answered the door could only help her sister's plans along. She opened her robe as she looked in the mirror so that she could see her full body. She was 5 ft 6 in with short straight black hair and brown eyes. She looked a lot like her sister in that respect. That was where the similarity ended though. While Tara had average sized breasts, Abby had very full and large breasts. Her nipples, which she could see had become erect under her bra, were also fairly large. Abby's eyes continued down her body, past her flat stomach to her panties. She knew that it hid a cleanly shaven pussy. The feel of her panties against her hairless cunt had a tendency to turn her on, which meant she was horny most of the time. Even just standing there thinking about it she could feel herself begin to get wet. She couldn't stop herself from reaching inside her panties and beginning to play with her clit while her other hand pinched her nipples. Immediately a wet spot began to spread across the crotch of her panties as she watched. After a minute she was finally able, though reluctantly, to turn away from the mirror. She pulled her robe closed before things got too out of hand.

She came out of the bathroom and realized that it was 7:55 PM. She walked out into the hall and waited at the top of the stairs. 

When the doorbell rang, Abby thought "Show Time" and headed down the stairs. She opened the door and had to try really hard not to let her face show her amazement. Josh was cute! Just looking at him, even fully clothed, she had trouble not jumping on him or starting to play with herself. She kept wishing she was in Tara's place as he introduced herself and told him how to get to the pool. She was sure she was making a fool of herself as she talked a mile a minute, but she couldn't help it.

And then it was over. She had no choice but to turn around and head up the stairs. As she walked up the stairs she tried to put a little swing in her walk to show off her ass. She wasn't sure why she felt she had to show off for Josh, since he was her sister's boy toy, but she could feel his eyes on her so did it anyway. She also found herself wishing she hadn't worn panties so that he might get a glimpse of her ass and pussy as she got higher and higher.

She began to think about what Tara and Josh were going to do. She felt her pussy aching more and more for her to touch it. She barely made it up the stairs and to her room before she had to throw her robe off. She yanked her panties off and began to furiously rub her pussy. After a couple rubs she shoved her fingers in her pussy and began to massage her clit with her thumb. As her orgasm began to build, her knees suddenly became week. She couldn't move and collapsed right on the floor as she attacked her pussy with her hand and her other hand furiously fought to release a breast from her bra. She finally got one out and violently pinched and twisted her nipple. That was too much and she was suddenly hit with wave after wave of pleasure. She just kept going and going, moving almost seamlessly from one orgasm to another, unable and unwilling to keep count, until she was too tired to continue anymore. Once she recovered enough to stand up, Abby looked over at the clock. It was 8:25, she had 5 minutes to get dressed and get downstairs. She walked over to her dresser and selected a pair of dark blue boy shorts, figuring they would be most comfortable. Then he threw on a pair of jeans. She quickly fixed her bra and put on a T-shirt. She wasn't overly particular because she knew no one except Jen would see her. As she went out the door, Abby grabbed a small flashlight off her dresser and stuck it in her pocket.

Abby dashed down the stairs. When she reached the bottom she decided she should let her sister know she was leaving so that she could begin without worrying about anyone being home. Abby practically ran out to the pool. 

"Jen is here, I'm going to get going," Abby said.

"Ok, have fun," said Tara

"You too," said Abby, "Try to behave yourselves."

Abby gave a wink and left the porch. She suddenly worried that she might have given away that she knew something, but there was nothing she could do about it now. She walked out the front door and headed to where Jen was waiting in her car. She jumped in without saying anything and told Jen to go.  "Sorry, I didn't want to delay or Tara might get suspicious," Abby apologized as Jen turned the car around and headed down the driveway. 

"It's ok. So where do we go now?" asked Jen.

"Head down to the pull off just down the street. From there it is just a short walk through the woods to a point where we can see the pool and the backyard," explained Abby.

It only took a couple minutes to get from the end of the driveway to the pull off that Abby had mentioned. Jen pulled the car off the road as far as she could and parked. The trees were hanging over the car just enough to hide it from the road. 

Abby and Jen got out and began to hike through the forest. It was a rough trip because there was no real trail. It took the two girls about 30 minutes to reach the point where they could see Abby's yard. It was just starting to get dark at this point. They could see Josh and Tara still sitting at the table.

"Are you sure something is going to happen?" asked Jen.

"So far things have followed the plan she had written." Abby said.

The girls found a spot close enough to the pool that they could see everything and hear almost everything. They got as close to the edge of the forest as the could without being worried about being seen and just stood there watching. 

For about 15 minutes they could see Josh helping Tara with her homework. Abby was also beginning to wonder if anything was going to happen when they saw the two look up from the work. It looked as though they had finished up.

"Do you have to get going, or would you like to go for a swim before you have to leave?" they heard Tara ask.

This was the cue Abby was waiting for. She knew that Tara had put her plan into motion, now it was up to Josh. They heard Josh and Tara say a couple things back and forth, but couldn't quite make out what they were saying. Then Tara got up and stripped off her jeans and T-shirt. Then without waiting for Josh she dove in the pool. Abby felt a familiar tickle between her legs. Abby wanted to look over to Jen and see how she was doing, but didn't want to miss Josh stripping down. Her patience was soon rewarded. Josh finally reluctantly got up and pulled off his shirt. Abby couldn't believe that he was actually going along with this. Then Josh pulled off his jeans. As Josh stood there in his boxers, Abby saw a definite buldge and wondered how the thing fabric was able to hold it back, and secretly wishing it didn't.

"He must be huge," Abby murmered as her hand began to unconsciously rub her crotch through her jeans.

"Yeah," Jen agreed, "Getting a little turned on Ab?"

Abby snapped back to the present and realized what she was doing. She jerked her hand away from her crotch and looked over to Jen. She was standing there motionlessly looking at Abby. Abby blushed at being caught.

"It's ok Abby, I'm beginning to feel it too." Jen said. "In fact I don't think I can take it anymore."

Abby was shocked to hear Jen say that and even more shocked to think that Jen was about to start masturbating in front of her. She was completely taken aback though when Jen didn't stick her hand down her own pants, but walked over instead to her and kissed her. All she could do was stand there as Jen pushed her lips into hers. She almost didn't notice it as Jen's hand reached down and began to unbutton her pants. 

Abby broke the kiss and harshly whispered, "What are you doing?"

"I can't stand it, you are incredibly hot and we both are horny as hell." explained Jen. "I think it is time for us to do something about that."

Without any further comment, Jen kissed Abby again. Abby had to admit that she was enjoying it, and she really needed a release. Abby returned the kiss this time and pulled Jen to her. Jen reached down and unzipped Abby's already unbuttoned pants. Jen began to gently rub Abby's pussy through her boy shorts with her hand as her other hand lifted Abby's shirt. Abby broke the kiss again and let out a small moan as Jen began to massage her tits through her bra. Abby had to admit that she was really enjoying this. 

Suddenly Jen began to kiss down Abby's neck and down to the collar of her shirt. Once she reached the collar, she pulled away from Abby a bit and reached behind her. She released the clasp on Abby's bra and pushed it up. Slowly Jen began to kiss Abby's left breast. This was a completely new experience to Abby and she could barely contain her excitement. Her heart was going a mile a minute and she felt her knees begin to wobble. Jen kissed her way down Abby's left breast down to her nipple, then slowly began to lick in circles around the nipple.  After awhile she kissed her way across Abby's chest to her right breast and repeated the whole process for the right nipple. Abby began to rub Jen's breasts through her shirt discovering that she wasn't wearing a bra. Jen stopped what she was doing long enough to take her shirt off so that Abby could have full access to her breasts. While Jen did this, Abby looked over at Josh and Tara. In the pool lights, she could see that Josh had a huge erection and Tara was sitting on his lap gently jerking him off. This just made Abby even hotter. Jen looked up at Abby and then over at Josh and Tara. Then she turned her attention back on Abby and began to kiss her way down Abby's chest and stomach toward her pussy. Abby returned her attention to her now topless friend and began to kiss her breasts.

Abby couldn't believe that any of this was happening, or that she was enjoying it as much as she was. In all the time she had known Jen, she hadn't realized that Jen was interested in girls like this. Now her best friend was working toward her pussy, and she was loving every minute of it. Abby spread her legs as much as she could without falling while pinching and twisting Jen's nipples. Jen slowly kissed around Abby's pussy through her boy shorts. She made sure not to miss a spot as she moved around and around in wider and wider circles. Then, suddenly, Jen grabbed Abby's boy shorts firmly and ripped them down her legs. Abby let out a quiet moan as her pussy was exposed and wa hit by the cool night air. She let out a small gasp as she felt Jen's tongue come in contact with her pussy.  Jen started at the bottom of Abby's pussy, and licked all the way up to Abby's clit. Then she went back and licked around the lips for a little bit. Abby began to moan, and was starting to worry that maybe she was being too loud. Jen decided it was time to make things a little more intense and started to move her tongue in and out of Abby's pussy. This was too much for Abby, her legs began to give out and she began to fall. There was some rustling as she crumpled to the forest floor as she let out a short surprised "Eep!" Abby quickly sat up and looked over at Tara and Josh. They had gotten up from the lounge chair where they had been lying on each other and were looking in there direction. Luckily Abby and Jen were still a ways back in the forest and Tara and Josh couldn't see them in the dark.

"There is a cat that wanders the woods and goes after birds, it sounds like it just got one," they heard Tara explain.

Then Josh said something and then Tara responded and the two of them headed inside.

"I'm sorry Abby, I guess I got a little carried away," said Jen.

"It's ok Jen, I was really enjoying it." Abby responded as she pulled her pants and boy shorts up.

"Do we have to stop?" whined Jen.

"We do if you want to spy on them while they actually have sex since we were too distracted to watch them when they were on top of each other in the lounge chairs," answered Abby. "Now put on your shirt . . . if you feel it's necessary."

Jen giggled and picked up her shirt, "We will finish this later, and I want to keep you ready". Just to emphasize her point, she did a quick jump to watch Abby's reaction as she jiggled.

Abby was distracted by this for a moment. She began to think maybe they should just finish what they started out here in the forest. Josh would be around all weekend if Tara had her way. Abby finally decided to stick to the plan and began to walk toward the house.

As Jen and Abby crossed the backyard and approached the house, Abby saw the light go on in Tara's room. 

"That is perfect." Abby said. "I know exactly where we can watch from." She turned to Jen and said, "There is a hole in the back of my closet that looks into Tara's room. The door on her closet is broken so you should have an unobstructed view into her room. If for some reason it looks like she realizes someone is there though, hide under my bed until the coast is clear and then get out of the house. I don't want you to get in trouble."

"You make it sound like you won't be with me." Jen said.

"There is only enough room in the closet for one person to watch. I'm going to try to open the door to the bathroom on her side enough to see through. It's risky though and if either of us gets caught I want it to be me." Abby explained.

"That's a shame; I'm going it's going to be hard to watch them go at it without someone to help me pass the time." Jen said as she winked.

Abby again began to rethink spying on her sister. She knew that she and Jen could have a great time continuing what they had started. She was also still incredibly horny since they had been interrupted and wasn't sure she could handle watching someone have sex. This hesitation only lasted a minute though, she knew that this was her only chance and she had to take it. She and Jen would have lots of other opportunities to play.

"Come on, let's head inside." Abby said grabbing Jen's hand.

Carefully Abby opened the back door and let the two of them inside. They silently snuck upstairs to Abby's room. Once there, Jen headed into Abby's closet as Abby headed into the bathroom. Abby found the door on Tara's side closed, but not completely latched. 

"Tara must have been in a hurry," Abby thought to herself. "Oh well, that makes my life easier."
