 "God, I'm so horny!" Shelly said.

I laughed.

"Omigod, I can't believe I said that."

"Don't about it," I said.

"But it's true."

Shelly was always saying things like that and then apologizing. It was cute. She was cute. She lived across the hall from each other in the dorm and by the second week we were best friends. 

"What happened to that guy you were supposed to hook up with tonight?" I asked.

"I don't know. Some friends of his are in town. They're annoying. We're supposed to meet up later but I don't know. What about you?

"I'm just tired."

"Me too."

We were hanging out together in my room. My roommate was gone for the weekend and I enjoyed not having to put up with her. Shelly and I had spent the whole day together by this point; we'd gone to the gym together that morning and spent the rest of the day shopping and then hanging out in my room in our seats and T-shirts watching DVDs. 

"If I went out I'd have to change and fix my hair and everything. It's not worth the trouble." 

Shelly was lying on my roommate's bed. I was staring at her. She was a really cute girl, about 5'4" with long blonde hair, blue eyes and beautiful creamy tan skin that some blonde girls have. She had a cute little nose. I was about the same size, with brown hair and green eyes. My tan was a little darker that her. I'd worked at the beach that summer and my skin was still very dark. 

"Hunter?" She asked.

"What?"

"What are you staring at?"

"I'm sorry." I turned away and looked over at the TV set. We were watching some dumb '80s movie.

"That's OK," she said. 

Now she was one doing the staring. I looked her. She turned away and we both laughed and then fell silent for few more minutes.

"I'm still horny," she said.

"So go masturbate."

"Here?"

"Why not?"

I was joking, of course, but I began to get a little excited. I looked over at her and she had her hand down the front of her sweats. "Omigod!" I said. "Shelly!

"You told me to go ahead."

"Yeah, In your own room."

"Why not here?"

I turned away and looked at the TV. I could hear her moving around on my roommate's bed. Her breathing changed. I looked over and she was really doing it. It made me wet. I turned away and put my hand down my pants and began to rub my clit. I didn't dare look over at her while I was doing it. I closed my eyes and thought about kissing her. Shelly said that she'd fooled around with girls before but I never had. I thought about what it would be like to be in bed with her. I opened my eyes and turned and looked at her. She was looking at me. She was very close and so was I. Then we both came. I put a pillow over my face and breathed in. I didn't know what to do next. "Hey," Shelly said. "You okay?"

"Yeah," I said. "You."

"Fine."

I took the pillow off my face and sat up in bed.

"That was a little weird," I said.

"A little." 

Shelly got out of my roommate's bed and sat down next to me. She took the band out of her ponytail and let her hair fall down her shoulders.

"Hey," she said.

"Hey."

"Can I lie down next to you?"

"Sure."

My bed was small, but we managed. Now we were lying next to each other our faces only inches away.

"You know what I was thinking about?" She asked.

"What."

"Kissing you."

"Yeah?"

"I told you that I was with other girls before, right?"

"Yeah."

"Well, we did more than just fool around."

"Oh."

I turned red. I didn't know what to say. I wanted to kiss her but I was afraid. I just looked at her and smiled. She put her hand on my waist and drew me towards her. 

Just kiss me already, I thought. The idea that I might be gay didn't even occur to me at that point, it just felt good to be next to her and she smelled so good and I got lost just looking into her beautiful blue eyes and then she pressed her lips against mine, they felt so soft and tasted so sweet. I kissed her back and then we just looked at each other for a minute to take each other in and then we kissed again, opening our mouths wider and letting our tongues meet. She drew me closer and wrapped her leg around my waist. We began to roam our hands around each other's bodies, going under our T-shirts and touching each other's breasts. Then we took our T-shirts off and made out for what seemed like hours, eventually sucking on each other's tits and gradually taking what was left of our clothes off and kissing and licking each other. She felt so warm and soft and her breath was so hot and sweet. I'd never felt so lost in someone else and yet so in sync with their body. I buried my face in her neck, kissing and licking it and she held me tighter as I kissed. "Feels so good, Shelly," I whispered.

"Yeah," she said. "I just wish this bed was bigger."

"I know." We laughed and began kissing even more passionately. I never thought it could be so hot. We began to finger each other's pussies and I felt another orgasm coming on. I was having sex with a girl, with Shelly, and the significance of this act began to overwhelm me. I asked her to stop for a moment and we lay there for a few seconds looking at each other. "Are you okay?" she asked.

"I'm just a little freaked out."

She brushed my cheek with her hand and smiled.

"I know."

Then I kissed her. It felt so right all of a sudden. 

She kissed me back.

"I want to go down on you," she whispered.

"Yeah?"

"I'm going to make you feel so good."

"Are you ready for this?"

"Yes."

We kissed and then she got off the bed and kneeled down on the floor. I put my legs over the side of the bed and spread them wide. Shelly grabbed my foot and kissed it and then began to kiss and lick down my leg, switching to the other leg as she got closer, finally putting her lips on my pussy and kissing it. I was such in a state of excitement that I thought I was going to pass out. Shelly began licking softly and slowly, pausing to suck and nibble on my clit as she licked, flattening her tongue as she licked harder and faster. I fell back on the back and spread my legs wider and came really hard as she continued to lick. She took my hand and squeezed it as I moaned in ecstasy. When I finished she kissed my pussy and we fell back on the bed, kissing each other in a state of exhaustion. My first time with a girl. 

We held each other tight and fell asleep in each other's arms. We were girlfriends now.