 Sam did not think that day was ever going to end. It had been so busy she had barely had time to even take a lunch. As the day began to wind down though, she was able at last to get some of her book work done in the office before she had to leave for home. As luck would have it, Sherrie was also finishing up some things in the office. Right away upon entering, Sam's heart began to beat faster. Sherrie was stunning. Tall, beautiful hair, nice open smile and manner. Every time Sam worked around Sherrie her heart would race and it was difficult to concentrate on the job at hand.

Today was no exception. Sherrie always wore nice comfortable clothes that showed her off very well. Today, since the office was a little cool, Sherrie's blouse was showing off a little more than usual. Sam could not help but look at the two bumps on the front of her gray blouse. Her heart had now gone beyond racing and was now turning flip-flops in her chest. Needless to say, that hour they worked together flew by and before she realized it, it was time for her to go home.

Sam lived about a hour from work and was not looking forward to that long drive this evening. However, as she got started on the road home her thoughts were still on Sherrie. God, she was so hot sometimes and did not even realize it. Sherrie never knew the effect she had on Sam at work. It was maddening sometimes.

After a few miles on the road Sam's thoughts were still holding tightly to Sherrie. It did not surprise her at all to discover that she was getting more than just a little excited by some of these thoughts. Great, she thought to herself, when I get home I will have a house full of people waiting on me and no privacy. The more she thought of her working partner, the more her thoughts strayed to areas they probably should not go. She knew if she was in this mood when she got home it was going to be a miserable night. So, why be in this mood then, she thought. Laughing a little to herself, she realized that if she were careful, she might be able to relieve some of this tension on the way home.

Kicking off her shoes, she set the cruise control on her car. Then, reaching up, she unbuttoned her blouse. The cool air in the car immediately made her nipples inside of her bra harden. Driving, she knew she would not be safe removing the bra. Too easy for someone to see in. But, the hard nipples pushing against the fabric of the bra was exciting enough. Leaning her seat back a little she reached down and unbuttoned her slacks. Unzipping them she attempted to reach down inside but found that sitting in the seat was too confining. So, she did the next best thing. Raising up off the seat a little, she slipped the slacks down over her hips and past her knees and off. Wow!! Just the feeling of her panties being the only thing on was driving her excitement level sky high. She slowed the car down just a bit and re-set the cruise control.

Now, she spread her legs a bit placing one hard up against the side of the door and managing to raise her other leg up so that she could prop her foot against the console. This way, she was able to press down with her body without slipping down in her seat. By now, she was about to explode. Slipping her hand down to her panties she found them soaked. She pressed two fingers against the front of them; pushing them gently up inside herself. God, that feeling was great. She wondered what kind and color of panties Sherrie had been wearing at work and what they might look like once they were as wet as her's were now. This only served to make Sam hotter still and she pulled her panties aside and plunged two fingers directly inside herself. She began to slightly rock back and forth in her seat, using her feet as leverage, and found herself moaning in pleasure. As she began to get closer to orgasm, she began to push down harder and harder against her fingers. She could feel the juices running out of her, down over her hand, and onto the seat. It was amazing how hot she was!! Just thinking of what it would feel like to put her fingers into Sherrie's pussy instead of her own; thinking about how it would be to have Sherrie's juices wetting her had; and imagining Sherrie moaning as she got closer and closer to climax was driving her insane.

Finally, she could stand it no longer. She arched her back, drove her pelvis down hard against those questing fingers and cried out as the orgasm took her breath away. Her legs were trembling from the tension she had placed on them and it seemed the orgasm lasted longer than any she had experienced in a long time. In her mind's eye, she was seeing Sherrie's head thrown back, eyes closed, as she squirmed and trembled in the throes of a heart-stopping orgasm brought about by Sam's searching fingers. She could almost hear Sherrie's moans of pleasure, feel the heat off of her body, feel both the tightening and the release of Sherrie's muscles as she reached climax and beyond. 

Finally, Sam was able to stop trembling and get somewhat more control of herself. The orgasm had taken all of her strength and she had to finally pull the car over at the first place available just to clam her racing heart. As much as she hated to, she began to get dressed. Still thinking of Sherrie, she slowly buttoned her shirt and slipped her pants back on. Smiling to herself, she thought that now, at long last, she could handle whatever might come up once she got home.