 When I first became a mother, I thought it was fulfilling. I would never need anything else. But as the years went on, I did need more. I also needed help with the kids. My husband was a CEO at some big company, which meant he worked a lot. We decided to hire a nanny. I hated the idea! You've seen those movies on television. The husband always ends up sleeping with the nanny. But I felt I had no other choice if I wanted to find myself as a woman and become more than just a mother and wife. 

We interviewed so many women it seems. I was getting very discouraged. But then she walked in. Elizabeth was her name and she was gorgeous. She was everything I always wished I was. She was tall, almost six feet. Slender with fantastic muscle tone, which made her ass look like a ripe, juicy apple that you just wanted to eat. I couldn't help but notice her long, glistening blonde hair flowed over her beautiful breasts. They were so supple and almost pouring out of her tight blouse. I wanted to reach out to catch them when they fell out. 

"Hello, my name is Elizabeth. I am here to interview for the nanny position."

Her voice was smooth, like one of those girls on the nine hundred numbers. It turned me on, yet I wasn't sure why. I blankly stared at her, fantasizing about how her flesh must feel.

"Ma'am. Are you okay?"

I suddenly snapped out of it. "Goodness." I replied. "You must think I'm some fool. I do apologize." I felt very flush. How embarrassed I was. But she forgave me and we continued with the interview. She did get the job, of course.

Elizabeth fit in rather well with my family. She was amazing in so many ways. My husband didn't seem to notice her much. I liked that. It put my insecurities at ease. After a few months things just seemed normal with her around and life continued. 

I was getting ready for bed one evening; my husband came in behind me. "Oh. You startled me. Don't do that." I said; as I took a deep breathe.

He reached his arm around my waist, slowing turning me towards the mirror. "I am sorry, my dear. But look at you. You are so sexy. I crave you right now. Indulge me." He whispered in my ear.

He slipped my nightgown off my shoulders and let it fall to reveal my perky breasts. As I looked in the mirror, it seemed that they were disappearing into his huge hands. He gently squeezed my nipples and my breathing became heavy. I was so turned on. I turned around and looked at him.

"Put your cock in my mouth," I said. As I dropped to my knees, he grabbed my hair and shoved his dick in my mouth. It was so huge at this point, I wondered if I could take it all in. He force-fucked my mouth as he moaned with pleasure. 

I backed away from him and he picked me up and pushed me over the vanity so that I was facing the mirror. He pushed his hard cock into my pussy. I squealed with excitement. He grabbed my hair to pull my head upward. 

"Watch me fuck you, "he roared. I couldn't help get excited with how forceful he was being. It was unusual. He fucked me until I exploded and my pussy was dripping on the floor. I licked my cum off his cock and kissed him goodnight.

The next morning, Elizabeth and I were in the kitchen drinking coffee. "I heard you two last night,' she said. "I must say, I was rather jealous." 

I was thrown back. I guess I forgot that she might hear us. "Jealous? Why?" I asked her. She crept closer and set down her cup. 

"I have been watching you. Memorizing you so that I can pleasure myself at night. I squirt all over the place. I wished it was me with you last night." 

I was in shock! I didn't know what to say. "Look, I, uh..." 

She stopped me and said, "I am not trying to force anything on you. You've never been with another woman, have you?" 

I looked up, "No, I haven't. I guess the desire was never there." 

She came closer and extended her arm. I didn't move. She slowing untied my robe. Elizabeth looked so exquisite; I didn't know if I wanted to stop her. 

Her fingers ran slowing over the curves of my breasts, which were heaving at this point. I was so nervous. She cupped my breast and licked my nipple while slightly biting it. It sent a warm feeling through out my entire body. She started sucking and licking my nipples more vigorously. It was driving me crazy. She knelt down and spread my legs apart. I could feel her fingers grazing my pussy. I closed my eyes and took it all in. I felt her finger enter my wet hole. As she finger fucked me, she started to eat my pussy. I heard myself moaning in a way I never had before. I could hear the slopping of the juices running out of me. I started to scream it felt so unbelievable. I came inside her beautiful mouth. She slowed her fingering and I calmed down. 

"Well, now it's my turn," she said with a smile.

I suddenly got frightened, and she knew it.

"Don't worry," she said. "You know what a woman wants." 

I stood up and unbuttoned her blouse. Her breasts were better than I had imagined. I grasped them and began to lick. I took her nipple in my mouth and she started to moan. It turned me on. I decided to kiss her. I could feel her tongue enter my mouth. I reached down and started to rub her pussy. It became so wet, I just wanted to taste it. I lowered myself to look closer. Her pussy juices were radiant in the sunlight on my finger. I slowly moved my finger in and out of her. She moaned and I started to go faster. 

"You can lick it. It will be okay," she moaned.

So, I took a deep breathe, and licked her pussy once. It tasted so good. I just kept sucking and licking it like the best candy I had ever indulged in. 

"Oh, yes, lick my pussy. I'm gonna cum! I'm cumming!" She screamed out in pleasure. 

Suddenly sweet cream filled my mouth. It was so satisfying. I knew nothing of it before.

Life continued as usual after that. Elizabeth did stay on as our nanny. My husband does not know of my affair. But maybe one day I'll want to share it with him and he can join us in our pleasure. Or not!