 Neela couldn't believe it. Not another fucking store! she thought to herself. She and Jeanne had been shopping all day looking for just the right dress for Jeanne's big corporate party. Every dress looked beautiful on the pretty brunette but there was always just something not right. Too short, too plain, nobody wear's that style anymore. Neela had heard it all. The only reason that she hadn't ditched her best friend and went home to watch Netflix and chill out was that with every dress that was tried on, she got to watch Jeanne undress down to her black bra and matching thong. This was the sweetest torture as the sight of her friends nearly naked body was driving her wild with lust. Several times, Neela had to stop herself from throwing herself on Jeanne's body and ravishing her right there in the dressing room, consequences be damned. But, sexual tension and sore feet were killing any good will that was left. "Really? Another one?"

"Please Neely! Just one more. This is it, I promise." She knew that dragging Neela around like this wasn't the nicest thing to do but she was getting desperate. She needed a perfect dress for the party and Neela was the only person that would stay with her as she went around to all of these stores and help her pick it out. Besides, she was beginning to think that there was something wrong with her game. She had been sending sexual signals to her best friend ever since they had been shopping and yet, nothing. My God! What the hell is it going to take? she said silently to herself. Several times, Jeanne had thought that this would be the moment she would make out with her friend. She saw the look in Neela's eyes and practically shouted "TAKE ME NOW!" but then, nothing. Jeanne's panties were so soaked with cum, she probably could wring them out but now, Neela was looking bored. This was her last chance. For everything.

"You know that you said that three fucking stores ago, G."

"Yeah, but this is it. I will get something here no matter what. Please?" The other woman's shoulders sagged in defeat. She could never say no to the puppy dog eyes that her friend whipped out on her when she really needed something. At least, she doesn't abuse it Neela sarcastically thought to herself.

"Fine. Lead on MacDuff." Jeanne's face broke out in a magnificent smile and she grabbed Neela's hand and practically dragged the athletic blonde through the mall. They had to hurry since it was almost closing time but the pair just made it to the store in time. They were the only ones in the store besides the saleswoman standing behind the counter, preparing to close out the register. She was middle aged, maybe in her fifties but still stunning in her looks and demeanor. Curly blonde hair fell about her shoulders, which were bared by the strapless blouse she wore. Neela read the name "Holly" on the name tag before being led to the back of the store where the evening gowns were hanging. Holly smiled at the two before letting them know that the store was closing soon. Neela wave in acknowledgement to the clerk before turning back to her friend. Jeanne was already selecting three of the dresses to try on. Looking around, she spotted the dressing room and quickly moved to try the dresses on before the saleslady told them to leave.

Neela, who was sitting on a chair waiting for her friend to come out heard the loud clacking of the gate being lowered. She turned her head at the sound and caught the eye of Holly. "Don't worry honey. That's just so that no other customers come in. You and she take all the time you want." Neela smiled at the woman and couldn't help but notice how her clothes hugged her body in all the best ways. Neela felt her pussy getting moist again and couldn't wait to get home to remedy the frustration she had been feeling all afternoon.

"Well, what do you think?" Jeanne had stepped out of the dressing room and Neela had lost all ability to speak. The look on her friends face caused Jeanne to let out a giggle. "Yeah, I feel the same way too."

"Oh wow girl! You look wonderful in that dress." Holly had come over and couldn't help but admire the younger woman. She had seen a lot of beautiful women come into the store and was slightly jaded but even she was impressed at the sight of Jeanne standing there, modelling for her friend. "Hey, I have to run to the back of the store for a couple of minutes. Just shout when you are ready to check out, okay?" Both women nodded at her and Holly went back to finish closing.

Jeanne didn't need to try the other dresses on. She already knew that she wanted this one but she needed to do something to get Neela to want to ravage her. "Hey Neely. Could you come here real quick. I can't get the zipper." Oh God! Is that the best I could do? But it worked. Neela, looking exasperated, opened the door to the dressing room and slowly unzipped the dress, exposing her friends lingerie. Neela's mouth went dry again, her hands trembling, being so close to the women she had desired for so long. Jeanne removed the dress and catching the look on Neela's face, knew that this was the moment that they had both been wanting. She took her friend's hands in her's. There was a pregnant pause as they looked in each other's eyes. Both knew that this would change their relationship. Neela made the first move. Closing her eyes, she leaned in for a kiss. For the briefest second, there was nothing and her heart stopped. Then the touch of Jeanne's lips on hers caused her heart to start racing again. She wrapped her arms around her girlfriends body, pulling Jeanne tightly against her. She could smell Jeanne's arousal and that made her break the kiss. Pulling back, they both smiled at each other, letting the other one know each was okay with this next step.

Leaning in close to Neela's ear, Jeanne whispered "It's about time! I needed you for so long Neely. God! I am soooo damn horny right now! Let me get dressed and let's get the hell out of here." But Neela just smiled at her. Gently pushing Jeanne back, she sat her friend down on the small bench that was in the room with them. Jeanne's eyes widened when Neela knelt down between her legs and began to pull her panties off. Even though she thought that this was nuts, she lifted her ass off the bench to help her friend. Neela looked deep into Jeanne's eyes as she leaned in and began to lick her clean. A low moan escaped Jeanne's throat as her pussy was being eaten out by her best friend. Just the idea of that, the woman that she had desired for so long was giving her oral pleasure in the middle of the mall with people still walking around caused her to have an orgasm. She quickly grabbed her shirt and bit down on the fabric so to muffle the scream as she coated Neela's face with her cum.

Neela was in heaven. Jeanne was delicious! Oh God! The whole day was worth it just to get to this one moment. She could feel her friend's pussy throbbing around her tongue as she lapped up all of the juices leaking out. Her lips wrapped around Jeanne's clit and she bit down. Not hard but enough to make her friend scream out again as her pussy spurted juice all over Neela's face. She could do this all day!

Knock, knock, knock! "Hey you two about ready to pay? I'm about to close the register."

Oh shit! Jeanne thought to herself! "Stop! Stop! Stop! She'll hear!" she whispered, trying to push Neela's head off of her crotch. "Yeah, sorry zipper stuck" she called out, her voice cracking. Just as she did, another wave hit her and she screamed into her shirt as she coated her friend in cum again. Neela pulled back, her face glistening with cunt cream. Wiping her face off with her shirt, Neela grabbed the dress and Jeanne's purse, opened the door to the dressing room and walked to the counter. Her face flush red with excitement and embarrassment, Neela paid for the dress as Jeanne put her clothes back on. She caught Holly's expression and saw the twinkle in her eyes and the slight smile of acknowledgement on her face. Jeanne ran up to the counter, her hair matted to her face and out of breath. "Sorry about that. My, uh, hair got caught in the zipper."

"Well, I know how painful that can be. Lucky your friend could help you get unstuck."

"Yeah, she's a lifesaver. Thanks for understanding." Jeanne smiled at Holly, grabbed the bag and her friends hand and led Neela out of the store, ducking under the half closed gate. They practically ran to Neela's car. Jeanne had to return the favor. They didn't even leave the parking before Neela took her pants off.