 I had been everywhere, got all I wanted but still needed a bra. I had the dress, the shoes and even the hold ups with the lacy top!! The department store was the last option as their bras didn’t rate highly on the sexy ratings but as it had gone 5 o'clock, beggars could not be choosers. 

I went straight to the lingerie section and walked through the isles not really looking at the bras wanting someone to chose one for me. “Can I help?”

I looked up startled to see a nice young assistant with a nametag on a thin white blouse that you could see her bra through. “I'm um looking for a bra!!” (Obvious really!)

“Anything in particular?”

“Satin, 34C, White or cream, something that won't show through a figure hugging dress.” I replied a little clinically. I felt a bit guilty and as I hurried after her thought I would cheer up her day and make polite conversation.

“I'm going to that new night-club this evening and I decided to spoil myself and get kited out.”

“Here we go”, she said, “Wild Side? I think I might go there tomorrow evening! You'll have to pop in and tell me what its like tomorrow. Changing rooms this way.”

She led me round the corner, gave me a ticket and showed me to a lovely large changing room. I was quite taken back by her kind nature, you don't often see young people in the lingerie section of stores. Not that I had lesbian thoughts, but I thought see was ever so sexy, small shapely and with small but round breasts. I imagined for a split second what it was like for a man to hold her, kiss her, make love to her...

I slipped of my top, took of my bra and let my breasts hang free. I took the bra and tried it on, carefully placing each breast in to the cup. I looked at myself in the mirror, something was not right. I wondered if I needed a different size and if by telepathy a voice asked if I was all right.

“I think I might need the next size up.” I answered.

Everything went quiet and she returned a couple of seconds with the bra. She handed it to me from behind the curtain and I thanked her. I could hear her out side and in a sheepish voice she reminded me of the fact that she was in fact trained as sizing bras for me and if she needed to be sized correctly she would be glad to help.

“What do you think?” I said then.

“Let’s see.” She came in to the changing room and looked at me. She showed me how to lift each breast into the cup and how to adjust the straps. Her little hands were warm and I began to feel quite strange over the feelings I had for her. As she touched me my skin I gave a little shiver. 

She knew how I felt as she apologised and blushed.

“No it’s all right, felt nice.” What was I saying, admitting that I liked to be touched by a woman.

She composed herself looked me straight in the eyes,

“Now does that feel better?” She said as she faced me to the mirror.

“Much better, Thank you” I looked at her in the mirror as she looked me up and down. Her hands where resting on my shoulders and as I turned round she let my body move under her hands never letting go. She lent forward but then hesitated.

“No go on.” She lent forward and put her lips to mine. I was washed all over with sexual tinglings. We were kissing each other with as much feeling as I would kiss my boyfriends. I searched her mouth with my tongue as she felt my breast, clasping my nipple and rubbing me up into frenzy. I was touching her face and neck. Biting and nibbling her lips and tongue.

We were going mad like two lovers who had not been together for a while. I tugged at her shirt and fumbled with the buttons. She helped me and I had my chance to hold and caress her breasts. They were so perfectly formed with pinkie brown erect nipples. Her skin was silky soft. I kissed her breasts and gently sucked on her nipples. She was breathing heavily and let out little gasps when I sucked her nipples hard.

It was her turn now and she started to undress me as I undressed her. She was kissing my neck and chest and I was in heaven. We both crouched down and fell on to the floor in each other’s arms. She rolled on top of me and began to kiss down my belly. She ran her fingers down my side and I didn’t know whether to laugh or have an orgasm. She sensed my excitement and ran her hands down to my cunt.

I was very wet and hot and she slipped a couple of her small fingers in to me with ease. She then ran her fingers over my lips and clit. I was in ecstasy and loving every minute. She was taken over by her own desires and crawled down between my legs and buried her head in my cunt. Her tongue was like feeding the flames that where already burning so hot. I wriggled and writhed under her. She also had her fingers working too.

Everywhere I moved she was there with her head glued to my cunt and her fingers working in and out. She sucked on my clit like an ice-lolly and I could feel my orgasm about to come. She never stopped and when it came my orgasm I exploded and juices flowed and she sucked them all up. She immediately came up and kissed me so I could taste myself. 

I pushed her off me and thanked her and told her I was going to return the feeling to her. I dived down to her shaven cunt and first gave her long loving licks from her arsehole to her clit. He was moving her hips to the same rhythm as my licks so I then inserted my fingers to the same rhythm. She was so hot and tasted so good. Her juices were flowing so much I had them smeared all over my face and hands.

I sucked her clit till it was so hard and throbbing. I also put my finger up her arse and with that she came and her orgasm seemed to go on for wave after wave. She tasted so good and sweet. I didn’t move till she had stopped moving. I swallowed every last drop and licked her dry.

We lay there for what seemed hours just holding and stroking each other. Both of us totally relaxed. I slowly got up and gave her a loving kiss. I began to change.

“I think I’ll take the bra!” We both giggled.

“Can I see you again?” she asked tentatively. “You just gave me the most fantastic feeling”

“Yes”

That’s how it all started.