 It was just after the July 4th holiday and I needed to pick out a new bikini and some other items for our up coming trip to the shore. I dressed so it would be east for trying on different clothes. A light summer dress in a yellow colored print, not my shortest dress but well above the knee and thong panties. I checked my hair and make just a little, I already had some sun on my face so my color looked good just a dab of lipstick and off I went.

Where to go? I started at the main anchor stores. Looking at a variety of suits, I really didn't like any so I was making my way to the other side of the mall and saw a sign in small independent store. "Sale buy 2 get 3rd 1/2 off." I walked in and saw there was a good selection and found a couple in my size. I picked out a yellow and also white bikini and asked to try them on.

The sales girls was probably twenty something years old, she was wearing a short denim skirt and a belly shirt. She had a very small chest, but with perky nipples pointing straight out. As she led me back to the dressing rooms she said.

"These are the newest suits we have. I've got two myself, you just have to get used to the fit. You'll understand when you try them on."

I tried the yellow one on and couldn't get it to fit right. On this style suit there is a seem right through the middle of the crotch area from front to back. I stuck my head out to see if I could see the sales girl but couldn't. Knowing it is against most store policies I took my thong off and tried the suit back on. It fit much better and the amazing thing is the seam actually split my pussy lips apart a bit and slid into my vagina a keeping my lips spread apart. I was looking at myself in the mirror and pulling on the bottoms forcing the seam deeper in. I liked how sexy it looked and started rolling my nipples between my fingers getting them hard and started pulling on my erect points.

I was really enjoying the feeling so I sat down on the little bench and continued to play. I slowly slid my hand into the bottoms to search out my slit. I slid my finger into the folds and felt the dampness. I lifted my butt and pulled the bottoms out just a little so I could get my hand in better and use two fingers in my moistening pussy. I pulled my fingers on saw how wet they were and tasted myself , sweet as always. 

Now I had one hand going back and forth from my pussy to each breast and the other was stroking my now swelling clit. My juices were soaking the suit bottoms but I couldn't stop. I was beyond control. I was mewing as I was franticly fingering myself . I could here the sloshing from my pussy juices as my fingers continued their assault. In the back of my mind I heard someone talking but it didn't register. Then the door opened and in walked the sales girl our eyes met. She put her one finger up to her lips and said

"Shhh, I want to watch!" 

At that point I could have cared less I told her to show me her tits. She took her top off and cupped them and started squeezing them and pulling on her tiny nipples getting them hard.

I told her I was about to cum and she said she wanted to get closer and knelt down in front of me to get a better look at what I was doing.

She started saying "Rub faster put more fingers in, you're soaking wet and it's dripping out of you!"

I did as she said. As I was doing the she put her hand up her shirt and started playing.

I told her again.

"I can't hold on I'm going to cum!"

With that I tensed up and my orgasm overtook me. I was panting and couldn't catch my breath. I could see my chest heaving. She was now about to cum I could see the way her eyes were glazing over. I asked her what her name was and she said

"I'mmmm cumming too, it's Saraaaah! Oh Goddd Oh Goddd!"

After what seemed an eternity she final spoke again and said.

"I told you, you will have to get used to the fit. I was the same way when I tried my suits on." 

Still breathing heavy I thanked Sarah and said I would be taking the two and need to pick out one more.

Sarah said, "I know just the suit for you it turns almost invisible when it's wet!"

She was back in a flash with the suit. She looked around and said.

"I want to watch you try it on."

Still feeling uninhibited I agreed. I removed my top and Sarah helped me with the new top. I could see how thin the fabric was. It felt smooth on my breast and made my nipples tingle. Sarah reached around and gave them both a gentle squeeze, as she did I let out a sigh that let her know it was ok to continue. She found my hardening nipples and pinched them. My hands went up and covered hers as she kept teasing me. Her actions were sending little shocks to my clit and wet pussy. I could feel the wetness leaking and soaking my thong.

Sarah came around in front and lowered my thong over my hips and down to the floor. I stepped out of them. She than guided my feet in to the new bottom and slid it up my legs. As she got it higher on my thighs her face was inches from my pussy. I heard her take a deep breath and than exhale the breath at my pussy lips. Being wet there it gave me a shiver but felt erotic at the same time. She snugged the bikini bottom up and adjusted the waist and leg openings by running her finger under the outer edge and down through my legs. When she ran her finger through my legs it went in father and she brushed my sensitive lips.

I thought my knees were going to buckle.

Sarah asked. "Did you like it when I brushed your cunt like that?"

"God yes!" was my answer.

"Would you like more? Than spread your legs a little more."

I did, she pull the suit to the side and her fingers attached my pussy and clit at the same time. I had reached up and began fondling my breast as she slowly inserted one, two than three fingers into my sopping pussy.

I was already gasping and saying. "I'm gonna cum real quick!"

She said "Do it now cum ... cum now on my fingers!" 

I grunted and did as she said, I felt myself gush as my orgasm hit massive amounts of cum flowed out over her hand and down my legs. Sarah removed her hand and straightened the soaked bottom again, than said.

"Look I told you it would be see through when wet"

I looked in the mirror and couldn't believe it. The suit was see through. I could see my swollen lips and my small strip of pubic hair. Sarah said she would take my suits up to the register and have them ready for me when I got there. I thanked her as she left the dressing area. Up at the register Sarah said to stop in next month when they have their lingerie sale. I totally intend on coming back for that.

Love

Kaze