 I walked into the store and felt the cool air-conditioning flow over my body. I had just popped into the boutique store on my way back from yoga. My body felt relaxed and warm. I felt my nipples harden against my small black sports bra. I wore just that as my top to show off my tight little abs. I'm not necessarily muscular, but I am toned from tons of pilates and yoga. I felt so sexy in my tight black yoga pants and lightweight sneakers. My perky tits and round ass bounced as I confidently strutted into the store, my long blonde ponytail was swinging behind me. 

I browsed through a rack of lingerie and gently fingered the lace. It was so deliciously soft. I wanted to feel the soft satin against my hard nipples. Oh man, I was getting carried away, I had to snap out of it! I looked up and around the store. 

I was stopped dead in my tracks by the most stunning woman I'd ever seen. She was tall, a bit taller than me, probably 5'11". Her tan legs went on forever. Her tight, round little ass was barely covered by a tiny pair of jean shorts. Her toned, tan stomach was being shown off by a black crop top with the sleeves out off. Her long blonde hair was tossed to one side and she wore large, reflective aviator sunglasses. Holy shit, she looked just like me. I was already so turned on. This had always been a secret fantasy of mine. She turned to the side and leaned over a table of lacy panties. The sleeves in her shirt were cut so low that when she leaned over I could see her large, full, natural tits gently swing forward. 

I walked toward her and pretended to browse for panties as well. She gasped and grabbed a pair off the middle of the table. They were a shiny latex material, translucent. She held them up and squealed. "I have been looking for something like these everywhere!" She giggled, "sorry, I'm just so excited." She giggled and bounced up and down. Her tits swung behind the loose fabric. 

"Those are so fucking hot." I said confidently, staring her dead in the eyes. 

She smirked. "Right?" I bit my lip. "I just love the feeling of rubbing myself through them"

I moaned quietly. I stepped closer to her body. "What about.... the feeling of someone else, rubbing against you, through them."

She gasped. "Meet me in the dressing room, I want to try them on. You can tell me how they... look."

She bounced away, giggling, into the large, luxurious fitting room. I looked around and didn't see anyone else, not even the sales clerk, Scarlet, from my last visit. I hurried towards the dressing room. The blonde was standing wearing the tiny, translucent, latex, panties. They barely contained her ass. She was still wearing the tiny tee shirt. She slipped into tall, platform, stilettos. She smirked and strutted towards me. 

"I picked something out for you." She handed me the satin, lacy set that I had been so smitten over before. I smiled and popped into a different dressing room. She pouted and waited patiently. I strutted back into her dressing room. The lightweight lace brushed against my hard nipples. I felt my pussy heat against the satin panties and shivered. This was going to be amazing. 

She walked up to me and grabbed me passionately. Pressing our bodies together. I felt her nipples harden through the shirt. I felt that they were pierced and my pussy gently quivered. She pressed her full lips against mine and we kissed softly. I pulled away gently and we looked at each other. She gently bit her lip. I couldn't control myself. I quickly pushed her against the wall of the small dressing room and began passionately kissing her. My tongue exploring her mouth. I grabbed her breast from under her shirt and caressed her nipples. She moaned deeply into my mouth. I pressed my leg between hers and felt her grind her hot, wet pussy against me. I responded by bucking my satin covered pussy against hers. She whipped her shirt off over her head. She was basically bouncing against my thigh and her tits were swinging, brushing against mine. I was going insane. I took one of her nipples in my mouth and her whole body got stiff. 

I realized that we were surrounded by mirrors. This turned me on even more, the sight of us two perfect blondes, bouncing, intertwined. 

"Fuck, oh my god." She gasped. I felt her body shiver. She was cumming. Hard.

I sucked on her nipple a little harder as she continued to gently grind against me. I felt her warm cum drip against my leg. She stood up, peeled the panties off, and said, "your turn."

She stood before me, completely naked. She pushed me against the wall. She kissed me deeply, then bit my lip. God, I was already so close.

She traced her tongue down to my hard nipples and sucked and flicked through the fabric. I felt her hand tracing my slit from the outside of the panties. I was trembling with anticipation.

She got on her knees and kissed my pussy through the fabric. Finally she peeled it off. She gently licked my pussy with such care and intention. It felt amazing. 

Her full warm lips surrounded my clit and she gently sucked. I felt her tongue dart in and out of my pussy. Suddenly she was going faster... and harder. I was grinding my pussy against her face. She let out a deep moan and I felt my orgasm take over. It was incredible. I shuddered as I came hard into her mouth. She stood up, my pussy juice glistening on her face. 

She smiled at me and kissed me deeply. She picked the panties up off the floor, licked them clean, threw on her clothes, smiled at me, and walked right back out into the store like nothing happened.