 I am a lesbian, but currently do not have a girlfriend, as a result of this I day-dream and fantasize about women more than one probably should. This is my all-time top fantasy in as much detail as I can get. 

The sound of "Closer" by Nine Inch Nails fills my ears as I sit down on the bed and lean into the wall behind me in deep anticipation. Holly walks through the door and looks towards the wall to the right of me, seemingly still a little nervous. She takes a small breath and turns towards me and begins to walk to me in beat with the song. I see her long fingers shaking slightly as she rubs the side of my neck gently and I smile at her reassuringly, hoping to give her the bit of confidence she'll need. Her hands become steady and a sexy smirk appears on her face as she removes her hand from me and reaches for the bottom of her shirt. 

Her eyes lock directly with mine as she begins to pull her shirt over her head while naturally shaking her hips with the music. She gives the shirt a small twirl to loosen it from her wrist then lets it fall on floor with a soft thud. She stands for a moment before hooking her hands in her jeans and leaning her head back to shake her hair back into its previous state. This allows me the perfect view of her beautiful breasts moving from side to side in her black bra. She rarely notices the small things she naturally does that make her so irresistible, but that's her charm. 

Her hands reach for the belt of her jeans and removes it with great ease, it's obvious she has practiced that small portion. She whips the belt over her neck and lets it rest there. I become too enthralled looking into her eyes that I don't notice that she has already undone the button of her jeans and catch her tug at her zipper, pulling it down and parting the fabric. She reaches into her pants for a moment and slightly touches herself to provide some relief. I can feel myself grow wetter than I was before knowing that she is enjoying this as well. She grabs hold of her jeans once more and leans forward to push them down her long legs.

She steps out of her jeans and comes one step closer to me, leaving her jeans behind her on the carpeted floor. My eyes fall towards her black underwear and her legs. I begin to feel the urge to touch her and begin to move off the bed and towards her. I see her hands quickly reach out to push me back to my position against the wall. She unexpectedly grabs the belt from around her neck and ties my hands to the bed post in between me and the wall. She chuckles slightly as she goes back to her spot and reaches for the hook of her bra. I have never seen her so daring before and get so excited that she is getting so into it. 

She unhooks her bra and begins to move it down her arms, but right before I am given the chance to see her free breasts she laughs a little louder and instead pushes the bra back and turns around. Her bra falls to the floor as I long to see the front of her, but she remains this way. I see her left hand reach into the front of her underwear and grab something out of it. Her right hand then reaches behind her ear and pulls the object from its place. She then turns around to reveal not only her extraordinary breasts, but my favourite lighter and a perfectly rolled joint. 

She finally kneels on the bed directly in front of me and loses her smirk, instead switching to a look of authority. "Gonna be a good girl for me?" I nod positively for her, "no touching until I let you." She puts down the lighter and joint and reaches her arms behind me to remove the belt. Her face comes less than an inch away from mine and I can feel her chest pressed up against me as she loosens the belt. The song ends and I am left in silence, staring deeply into her brown eyes. She removes her underwear and straddles me on her knees then sits down on my lap, finally completely naked and exposed to me. I take in the lovely sight of my naked girlfriend as she reaches for the joint and and my favourite lighter. 

She puts the joint to her lips and lights it, taking a toke while it is lit. She holds the joint like a cigarette and places her hands on either side of my head on the wall then leans in to touch her open mouth to mine. I taste the flavour of bubblegum kush enter my mouth as she breaths the smoke directly into my mouth, giving me a shotgun kiss. I inhale all she gives and once our breathing becomes normal again she leans back and waits for a few seconds before taking another drag. With this one she leans in and shotguns me again. Her mouth stays on mine after I finish inhaling and the shotgun kiss quickly turns into a kiss. I feel her tongue easily slip into my mouth and slide sleekly against mine. Her hands travel to my neck and pull me even closer and this serves as my permission to finally touch her.