 Note to readers: This is a corny story mostly about romance and love. It contains explicit sex only towards the end. If you don't want to read this type of story please skip it. 

*

Linda didn't even change out of her Maid of Honor dress. Immediately after the post-wedding party she retreated to her hotel room and flopped onto her bed to record her thoughts in her diary. She hoped writing them down would help ease the pain she felt over Lisa marrying Kevin.

Why hadn't Lisa accepted her proposal instead? Had she offered it too quickly? Should she have waited until Lisa realized more fully how intense a love they felt for each other? Lisa had been so new to even the possibility of intimate girl-girl feelings, let alone girl-girl marriage, that maybe she had just needed more time. But now it was too late.

Linda and Lisa each had been playing the field with a number of guys when they met and became friends, and then BFFs. But Linda quickly realized that Lisa was more than a friend. She was her soulmate. Her one and only romantic love. But since Lisa - like Linda - had never thought she ever could feel that way about another girl, Linda had quite a challenge to even get Lisa to think of her as more than a friend. How could she convince her to go out on a real "date" - rather than going out as best friends as they had done so many times? 

But one evening the two were at a bar looking for guys, and Linda mustered all her courage. As they sat at the bar watching and waiting, Linda stood up, looked directly at Lisa with a penetrating look that masked how she was about to die inside, and held out her hand as she asked her to dance. 

Realizing this was different from their usual "there are no guys we want to dance with, so lets dance with each other" situation, Lisa shook her head "no". But Linda whispered, "One dance. Please. Just one harmless little dance." Lisa slowly rose and took her hand. At the touch Linda's heart almost exploded (Lisa later confessed that the same thing happened to her) and they danced. And that moment changed everything.

At the end of the dance they kissed. But not just the quick meaningless kiss girls often do with one another. A real kiss. The first real kiss, Linda decided, she ever had in her life.

Their friendship became a romance. One that soon became serious. Immediately after The Kiss Linda realized she was crazy in love with Lisa and only dated her. And Lisa only dated Linda... and Kevin, who she had met at around the same time at work. 

Three months after The Kiss Linda used the "L" word. She told Lisa she loved her, and Lisa replied that she loved her too. But Lisa continued to date Kevin.

Naturally Linda was jealous of the time Lisa spent with Kevin, and especially didn't like it that Lisa would spent Friday evenings and Friday nights with her, but Saturday evenings - and Saturday nights!!! - with Kevin. 

One Friday evening after they had been dating for six months Linda invited Lisa back to her place and did everything possible to set a romantic mood. A homemade Italian dinner, wine, candles, music, perfume and flowers. 

After dinner was over, on bended knee Linda again told Lisa how much she loved her. But this time she also told her she wanted to spend the rest of their lives together. Linda asked Lisa to marry her, and held out a small box containing an engagement ring. Lisa stared at the ring, kissed Linda tenderly, and with misty eyes told her she loved her too. Lisa added she would give her answer soon. She told Linda to hold onto the ring for a couple of days.

Linda didn't sleep much that night or the next. But that Sunday Lisa came over and delivered the bad news. The night following Linda's proposal, Lisa had proposed to Kevin, and he had accepted. Linda could remember every word of the conversation that followed as if it had just taken place.

"But why? Why? Whenever I say I love you more than anything, you say, "Me too".

"And I do love you that much. But I also love Kevin."

"Do you love him as much as you love me?"

"I love him enough. Kevin is a great guy."

"With me you're almost always happy."

"With Kevin I'm happy enough."

"You've told me you find our time together exciting, even exhilarating. You always say I make your life more fun than it has ever been, that I spice up your life. How about with Kevin?

"Time spent with Kevin is... nice, stable and comfortable."

"But... when we make love you cum like crazy, always, again and again. You thrash and scream like a porno actress. Do you even cum with Kevin?"

"Of course. Often. Sometimes."

"Only sometimes? What does that tell you?"

"Only that you have an unfair advantage over him because you're so sexy. So pretty. So skilled at lovemaking. But Kevin does fine in that department." 

"But if you feel that way... you love me more, I make you happier, and our lovemaking is better. Why are you marrying him instead of me?"

"Because he... is a he. With Kevin I can be a wife, have kids, have a home, and be a part of a couple that leads a normal life. I'm not going to marry you just because you're prettier. There's so much more to life than sex."

"But you love me more and I make you happier! You could be my wife! We could have kids by a sperm bank or adoption. We could be a madly-in-love couple and have a great home together.

Does Kevin know you love me more, that you'd rather spend time with me, and that you're more sexually aroused by our lovemaking?"

"Kevin doesn't even know you exist. He knew I was dating more than just him, but never asked whether I was dating a woman. Which is great because now I can ask you to be my Maid of Honor. Which Kevin would never agree to if he realized we've been lovers." 

"Does Kevin know you're only marrying him for his sperm?"

"That's not true. I'm marrying him so I can be... "normal". Ever since I was a girl I've looked forward to getting married... to a man."

"Who's to say what's "normal", especially since its now legal for girls to get married?"

"Kevin will be my husband, but you'll always be my one true love. Kevin and I will be legally married, but my heart will be married to your heart. Always. Even though on paper it'll be me and Kevin...." 

So we broke up and stopped seeing each other. I was conflicted when she asked me to be her Maid of Honor. But, 9 months later, here I am.

Linda stopped writing, stood, and looked into the long mirror on the back of her hotel room door. She was especially sad because her Maid of Honor dress could have been a bridal dress. It was truly unusual looking for a Maid of Honor dress, and many at the wedding had jokingly told her that she looked like a bride herself. Maybe that was why Linda had worn her sexiest underwear, so she could fantasize she was the one marrying Lisa. Or was she just torturing herself? 

On account of Linda's dress, several guests had joked with Kevin that he must be such a stud that he was going to take 2 girls to bed. Several guests even told Linda that she and Lisa looked like 2 brides, one with an incredibly frilly dress with a super long train, the other wearing a bridal dress that was more subdued. Linda would laugh politely, but inside she hurt so much. Why had Lisa picked that dress for her? Surely to symbolize they were each others' true love. But it made Linda feel even worse about losing her to Kevin.

Holding back tears, Linda picked up the bride's flower bouquet - Linda has thrown it and Lisa had caught it; wasn't that ironic! Linda had wanted the bride but only ended up with the bouquet! 

Linda turned from the mirror, closed her eyes, and pretended for a second it was her wedding. That she was the bride, a bride in her bridal dress. Lisa's bride. On her honeymoon with Lisa! Linda then threw the bouquet over her shoulder against the mirror. As it bounced onto the floor there was a knocking at her door.

Linda opened it and saw a tearful Lisa, still wearing her wedding dress. The startled Linda asked her to come in.

"I just had to talk with someone. Someone I can open myself to." At this, Lisa broke down in tears. Silently, Linda embraced her as the tears poured out. Finally, Lisa composed herself enough to speak.

"We left the party soon after you did and went to our room. I thought for sure we would make love. But instead Kevin said he first wanted to watch a few minutes of a porno movie.

So he put on this raunchy movie. Not a couples' film at all. Just a bunch of guys pounding away on slutty looking girls. I tried to tell him it wasn't doing anything for me, but Kevin was too drunk from the party to care. 

He ordered more liquor from room service, and when a woman delivered it he asked whether she wanted to join us in a threesome! She was so shocked that she froze, and then he grabbed her. She broke free and ran out of the room. Then he pulled out his cock and before I could really react, jerked himself off while watching the porno movie! Then he said he wanted to watch a few minutes of the big game.

I knew Kevin had far too much to drink, so I let him watch, figuring he would sober up. Besides, he can only cum once, so sexually nothing was going to happen between us tonight. And of course the thing with the room service girl bothered me more than anything. On our Honeymoon - how could he! 

But then people started arriving. Kevin had texted everyone in the wedding party, inviting them to come over and watch the game. Did you get a text?"

"Yes. But I didn't want to intrude on your wedding night."

"It seems like you were the only one who didn't come over. Soon our suite was crowded, and then I noticed Kevin had resumed drinking. Before I could do anything he passed out. Then the others left. Then I left. There's no way we'll be able to consummate our marriage today."

"Lisa - its not such a big deal. You'll consummate your marriage tomorrow."

"Tomorrow he'll have a horrible hangover and not feel like it. I know him. And he made a pass at the room service girl!"

Lisa was silent for a while and then added without conviction, "I'm so sorry.....Well, you two can have sex the day after tomorrow."

"Maybe... but in truth we haven't made love for... a month, at least. I had been attributing it to pre-wedding stress. But ... I don't much like doing it with him much because ...the only way... I can cum with him... is when he goes down on me. And he doesn't like going down on me."

"That's true for lots of women. Lots of woman cum better from oral sex than intercourse. Or can only cum that way."

"Yes. But... when he goes down on me, the only way I can get excited is when... when... when I pretend...."

"Lots of woman fantasize. That a movie star is going down on you?"

"No... I sometimes pretend, when he's going down on me that he's... a woman."

Linda was silent.

"Actually... I always pretend he's a woman. You used to eat me so well I'm spoiled. No man can compete with you at making me cum. So I pretend that he's a woman eating me. That's the only way I can cum. But he's doesn't like to eat me. I tell him I'll blow him or let him enter me only after he goes down on me. But he says he doesn't like eating me, so we don't make love very often."

"I see."

"And there's more." (After a long pause.) "I asked him to wear panties while we make love."

"Is that all? That's really common. I've had a couple of boyfriends who insisted on wearing panties, especially mine. But its only a dress-up game - or doesn't he like it? Is it a problem for him?"

"He likes it a lot. That's not the problem. I also asked him to wear a bra or nightie."

"Lots of men love doing that as well. Its just a game. I used to date this football player...."

"Kevin loves it too...and I asked him to put on perfume."

"So he smells nice...."

"And a wig and makeup."

"No harm in any of that."

"Kevin loves pretending to be a woman. I was the one who first suggested it, but now he insists on doing it. His favorite thing is for me to blow him while he is dressed like a woman, but he doesn't like eating me no matter how he is dressed. And he also loves that I've given him a pet name, when we make love, that's ... a girl's name."

"Lots of people role play during sex. Lots of people play dress up games. Lots of people give each other pet names."

"I call him Linda."

Linda gasped.

"Because I wish he were you. I got him a wig that looks like your hair, I got him your perfume, and I got him your favorite nightie. When Kevin goes down on me, the woman I pretend is going down on me is you."

At that point Lisa broke down sobbing, and Linda embraced her, Linda's bridal dress pressing against Lisa's Maid of Honor dress. Frill against frill, satin against satin, a gorgeous ocean of silk and lace swirling everywhere as Lisa cried.

But soon the tears stopped and then Lisa slowly moved her lips towards Linda's. Linda saw what was coming and moved her head slowly backwards. But Lisa slowly moved forward... and kissed her. Linda didn't resist, but didn't respond either. At first. But Lisa's passion - her desperation - was so great that Linda gave in and kissed back. And embraced Lisa tighter and tighter. 

Finally Lisa whispered, "Linda... love of my life... What have I done? I need you to fill in for Kevin. Just like you've been doing in my mind whenever Kevin and I have been in bed together during the last 9 months. But for real this time. Please don't make me be alone on my wedding night. Please be my groom. I always wanted to make love with my husband on my wedding night. If a girl doesn't make love with her groom after her wedding she isn't really a bride. 

Please make me a real bride. Please be my husband tonight. Take me, Linda, take me. Fuck me! Please!"

"Lisa, darling Lisa, of course you can be my bride tonight. And I'll be your groom. Tonight. Any night. Every night. Because I love you."

Silently they kissed as their hands wandered inside each others' elaborate dresses. Soon Linda started to slip Lisa's bridal gown off her shoulder, but Lisa stopped her. "I'm a bride tonight. I want to cum like a bride. Leave my wedding dress on. Except it'll be even better than I ever dreamed because we're both wearing bridal dresses."

Linda smiled and, still in her Maid of Honor/bridal dress, resumed kissing Lisa. Soon Linda's hand reached below Lisa's dress and found her panties. Completely silky, just like a bride's panties should be. And crotchless. Despite the passage of 9 months, Linda's fingers hadn't forgotten how Lisa's clit liked to be rubbed, and within moments Lisa indeed came like a bride. A very passionate bride. Her moans of "Linda, oh Gooodddd Linda, I love you so much Linda, you're the best groom ever", which soon turned into screams, were muffled only partially by Linda's mouth.

After Lisa came, Linda carefully pushed aside the dress's long flowing train and positioned herself in front of Lisa's pussy. Lisa had put on crotchless panties because she had hoped Kevin would go down on her. Linda decided to remind Lisa that she loved going down on her. 

Despite the long, elaborate, frilly dresses, or maybe because of them, Linda went down on Lisa with more gusto than even she had ever showed before. Completely under Lisa's train, their dresses flowed into one another. Soon Lisa was screaming as she had not screamed for 9 months. In fact, ever. Twisting in her bridal dress, her ocean of frills and lace, of satin and silk, rising and falling like the waves in a storm, she thrashed and screamed as she came.

Linda then removed her own panties and also Linda's. Now was the time for traditional wedding sex. For missionary sex. For sex where the groom gets on top of the bride and fucks her. But it would be done by two women in bridal dresses!

Keeping her dress on, Linda pushed some of the rivers of lace and frill that composed their dresses out of the way. Her wet pussy needed no guidance to find Lisa's. Linda was determined to finish their lovemaking in the traditional male/female position. Except that it was pussy to pussy, while kissing passionately and proclaiming their love for one another. Just like a groom should fuck his bride on their honeymoon. Only better. So much better. 

With a look of triumph on her beautiful face, Linda tribbed Lisa, grinding their pussies together as their passion mounted. Each seemed to be trying to outdo the other in terms of how loud they could scream, until they both came together. But, unlike a guy-groom, Linda continued. And they each came again. Not only did Linda cum more intensely than any guy-groom, she also screamed much louder, passionate sounds that brought even more pleasure to Lisa, who also came again. And again. Until each came more times than any man-woman couple could have cum on their wedding night.

But finally even Linda became exhausted. She signified an end to their lovemaking by giving Lisa the most tender kiss ever.

Linda reflected that her room was next to the honeymoon suite. And there had been nothing to muffle Lisa's passionate cries. Or hers! Was it possible Kevin had heard them? Was he still in a drunken sleep. Did anyone else hear them? Maybe if Kevin had heard them it actually would be good in some ways...

After Lisa recovered she whispered, "That was so beautiful. Thank you, Linda. My love. The sexiest groom ever. The most beautiful, romantic and tender groom ever. You gave me the wedding night I always dreamed of. No, better...." 

Linda laid on her back while Lisa wrapped around her, her cheek on Linda's dress-covered breasts, whispering love, love, love. Their dozens of ruffles merging into a white, romantic foam. 

Then Linda raised her head, looked at Lisa, and whispered: "When I fucked you, did you pretend I was Kevin?" Lisa laughed quietly. Then louder, and then almost hysterically until she was shaking with laughter. Laughing mostly at the release of the day's tensions. Soon her laughter infected Linda, and they both laughed for several minutes. 

Finally Lisa recovered. "You've made me the happiest bride ever." They kissed an impossibly long kiss and then Lisa placed her head back onto Linda's chest. They both knew that soon they would be having a real wedding and honeymoon of their own.

---------------------------------

Note to readers: If you've ever been in a situation that is even somewhat similar - not in terms of the wedding, but in terms of a girl deciding whether to choose a guy or a girl, I'd love to hear about it. Thanks!