 Ding dong. 

I ring the doorbell at my friend's apartment. My birthday was 8 days ago but her boyfriend's is tonight so we are having a small joint birthday thing. We are both turning 21 so I have come equipped with vodka and orange juice.

The door opens and my friend Jasmine shows me in takes my coat.

"Mmmm, screwdrivers!" she says as she shows me into the kitchen were everyone undoubtedly gathers. I set my stuff on the counter and mix myself a drink.

I look around and there is probably 20, maybe closer to 25, guests between the people in the kitchen and the ones that have spilled out into the living room and balcony to smoke. I know about probably two thirds of the people and the rest must be my Jasmine's boyfriend Dave's friends.

"Julie!' I hear from afar and look in the direction to see my old roommate Monica. We hug and she hands me a present.

"Victoria's secret?" I say looking at the pink striped bag.

"Yea, well I had to get it because it reminded me of you!" she squeals as I push back the tissue paper and pull out a skimpy white bra and panty set with an orchid motif. The orchids are what made her think of me. I am a florist.

"Cute! Thanks Monica!" I say and give her another hug. At this point a few of our girlfriends have gathered because everyone girl gets excited about a Victoria's Secret bag!

"Actually I am going to go try these one and see if they fit." I say as I head to the bathroom and shut the door. I down my drink and start to strip. I pull off my current underwear and pull on the new set. It looks really hot and I know I want to keep it on. I pull the tags off and admire it on me in the mirror. The cups are pretty much shear and you can see my pink nipples through them. The panties are a tiny g-string and I turn to see how my ass looks in it. Satisfied, I pull my clothes back on and fix my hair in the mirror. When I am positive that all my red ringlets are in place how I want them, I exit the bathroom and return to the party.

"There she is! Give her a shot!" Dave yelled and hands me a shot glass of clear liquid.

"Here's to 21!" he says as he raises his shot glass. I raise mine and then we both tip our heads back and swallow the liquid. Tequila. Someone shoves a lime in my hand and I suck on it as the liquor warms my gut. I pour myself another screwdriver and start to mingle.

"Did everything fit okay?!" Monica half yells from across the room. She is pretty buzzed already and apparently can't control the volume of her voice. I notice one or two of Dave's guy friends perk up since they obviously knew what she was talking about from the squealing girl fit over the pink bag earlier. 

Nothing interests half-drunk males like underwear, I think to myself.

"Yea, thanks again Monica." I say and avoid the looks from the guys. She seems pleased with herself and goes back to whining about how she wants to play the drums on Rock Band.

I finish my drink and can feel the heat in my cheeks. And decide to sit down at the dining room table and join the game of Kings that is going on. We play for a while and I loosening up and getting really giggly. I get extremely giggly when I am drunk.

"Four for whores!" Dave's friend Ryan yells and all the ladies at the table take a drink. 

The room spins a little and I tell them I think I am done and dismiss myself to the living room. Watching Rock Band and listening Monica sing a really terrible rendition of Livin' On A Prayer doesn't help the spinning so I head to the bathroom in the master bedroom since it is more quiet and splash some water on my face.

"Are you okay?" I hear someone say and I spin around to see a girl that I have met at a few parties before.

"Oh hey Lauren! Yea, I'm fine!" I slur as I throw her into a bear hug and then lean against the bathroom counter. Apparently all my drinks hit me at once.

"Haha, looks like you are having fun tonight." she says laughing at me.

"Yea...I'm fucking drunk. But it's my birthday!" I say while throwing up my hands very animatedly.

"Yea, I saw Monica give you your present early. It was really cute. Did you say you put it on?" she asked.

"Oh my god! Yes, I did!" I said excitedly. "It's so fucking hot. I love it"

"Oh really? Do you mind showing me?" she asked closing the door to make me more comfortable I assumed.

"Oh I don't know. The bra is pretty shear." I say reluctantly.

"We are both girls! It's not like we don't see boobs everyday!" she says smiling at me but she can see that I am still nervous. "Okay, I won't look, but can I at least feel it? We seem like we have about the same size tits so I just want to see..."

"Okay." I say. Somehow this seemed more reasonable to me then actually showing her the bra. She slides her hand up over my stomach and cups one of my breasts with her right hand and feels the material. She lifts my breast slightly feeling the weight of it in her hand. My nipple stiffens from the stimulation and I hope she doesn't notice.

"Yea they seem about the same size. See." She says as she takes my hands and presses it against her left tit. I hold it there for a second feeling the size of it and the weigh of it in my hand before nodding in agreement. I am a C cup and hers looked and felt about the same.

"See we are both girls! This isn't so bad is it?" she says and I shake my head. I am feeling a little light headed because I have never squeezed another girl breast before, and I wasn't sure how to feel about it.

"Did you know that all those guys out there are talking about you?" Lauren said to me casually as she pulled some lip gloss out of her purse and carefully applied it while looking in the mirror. 

"Ugh! Really?" I say dramatically. "I was hoping that I wasn't going to have to fight them off with my purse to get out of here tonight."

"That Ryan guy is pretty hot. I know he was checking you out during the card game." She said fixing her hair in the mirror. I look at her closely from the side. She has shiny dark brown hair that is stick straight down her back. She is wearing a zebra print tank top and jeans. She is very tan and it makes her green eyes pop.

"I don't know..." I say trailing off. I then realize that I am staring at her tits. She also notices and has an amused look on her face.

"Now come on. You told me I can't see yours in that bra but you can openly stare at mine?" she says with a laugh.

"Sorry..." I say and look away from her.

"Here." She says pulling her shirt over her head revealing her tight body and her tits nearly spilling out of her black lace bra. "Now it's your turn and we will be even."

"Okay." I stutter looking at her gorgeous tits and then pulling my green t-shirt over my head. I instantly regret doing it looking down at the shear cups of the bra showing my stiff nipples clearly.

"Damn that is hot!" She says looking me up and down. "Can I see the bottoms?"

I hesitate and she slides her jeans off until she is in just her bra and matching black lace hipster panties. She does a little spin and I glimpse at her ass and think to myself how hot that black lace looks against her tanned skin.

"There, now it's your turn." She says looking at me with her hands on her hips.

I unbutton my jeans and slide the demin over my ass and down my legs. I slowly step out of them and stand up giving a little twirl and then standing shyly against the counter not looking her in the eye.

"Mmmm! Hot." She says walking over to me. Suddenly her hands are on my tits again kneading them in her hands.

"Its okay." she says and then she leans in and starts to kiss me.

At first I don't kiss her back and my head is in a daze. I think to myself that I should stop this but then I realize that I don't really want to. Her hand slips under the shear fabric of the bra and pinches my hard nipple and I begin feverishly kissing her back. Her hot tongue enters between my lips and I meet it with mine. Our tongues dance and I can feel the warmth and wetness forming between my legs.

She reaches back and unclasps the bra and releases my round tits. She motions for me to sit on the bathroom counter and so I slide up and sit on the edge. She licks two of her fingers slowly looking me directly in the eyes. She runs her fingers over my pink nub and pinched it between it. I close my eyes and tilt my hand back feeling fuzzy from the liquor and lust.

I feel her hot mouth close on my other tit and a moan escapes from my lips. She flicks her tongue over my hard nipple as she roughly squeezes the other. I look down at her and I just can't take it anymore.

"You are so hot. I want you so bad." I say as I reach my hand down and squeeze one of her perfect globes through her bra.

"Mmmm." She says through her mouthful of breast and then bites my nipple softly. I slip my hand into the cup of her bra and run my fingers over her already hard nipple. I pinch it and she moans into my tit.

She stops and moves back up to lock my lips in an intense kiss. She wraps her left hand behind my head in my curls and lowers her right hand over my hot pussy. She only rubs it through the fabric for a second before pushing them aside and sliding her middle finger over up and down my wet slit.

"Oh fuck Julie. You are so wet. Oh my god." She says spreading my wet lips apart with her fingers and run her fingers over then feeling the soft slickness of them.

She steps back and I jump down and slide the g-string off and toss it aside. She motions for me to sit back on the counter.

"Pull your legs up a little. And spread them." She says with a lusty look in her eyes.

I follow her demands and she drops to her knees between my legs. I am instantly rewarded with her mouth kissing my wet pussy lips roughly. Her hands reach around and hold onto my ass. I moan and feel the wetness between my legs flow in anticipation of her mouth connecting with my throbbing clit. I start to squirm trying to get any sort of connect to my clit.

She pushes my legs even wider apart and pulls my ass closer to the edge of the counter. I then feel her hot tongue lightly licking down my pussy to my puckered asshole. She runs her tongue over the tight hole and gently probes at it.

"Ohhhh my fucking god, yesssss!" I moan. I have never felt this sensation in my life. No one has ever licked my ass before and it seems like Lauren is an expert at it. I can feel my juices running from my pussy down to Lauren's hot tongue on my ass.

She slowly trails her tongue back up my sopping wet cunt and I am rewarded with her tongue flicking my hard clit. I roll my hips towards her and clench the counter as she starts finger my hot pussy. Her fingers slide in and out easily because of how wet I am and so she adds a third to my tight pussy.

"Ooooh ahhhh, fuck!" I moan as she clamps her lips over my hard clit and sucks it. She alternates flicking my clit with her tongue and sucking on it hard until I can't take it anymore.

"Oh god, I'm cu-cumming!" I gasp as my legs start to shake and an intense orgasm ripples through my body. My juices are flowing freely from my pussy. She replaces her mouth on my clit with her hand rubbing it furiously and her mouth over my wet pussy to lap up all my cum. She does this until my body tenses up and I cum again.

When I finally sit up, I look down at this gorgeous woman with my cum all over her face and her hand in her panties frantically rubbing at her clit. She looks at me with pleading eyes.

"I have never done this before." I say joining her on the floor. I kiss her and then push her back to lay on the plush, oversized bathmat on the floor. She lifts her ass off the floor and I slide her panties over her legs and throw them aside. She pushes the cups over her bra down and her tits out and starts squeezing and pinching at them while watching what I was going to do next and licking her lips.

I kneel between her legs and start slowly kissing the inside of her thighs.

"Oh no you don't." She says through heavy breathes. "Don't tease me. I want you fucking me now."

I start pounding two fingers into her pussy hard and fast not wanting to make her wait.

"Oh yea! Just like that. Fuck me hard." She moaned as I leaned down and start to lick her clit. She bucked her hips at my face trying to grind her cunt into me harder. I flick her throbbing clit with my tongue and start pounding her harder with my fingers.

"Oh god, if you-if you keep doing that..." She gasps and puts her hands on the back of my head to press my face into her cunt harder. I can feel her body start to shutter.

"Oh fuck, I'm cumming!" She screams and her juices gush and I met them with my eager mouth sucking and licking up all her cum. We both collapse on the floor next to each other.

"Oh god Julie, I have wanted to do that for so long." Lauren says turning her head to look at her.

"Really?" She says actually shocked. Lauren nods and closes her eyes.

"I am going to have to get your number." She says with a smile. "And I think we should get Ryan's number too." She opens her eyes and winks at me.

She stands up and starts to get dressed. I follow her lead. After we fix our hair and get our make-up reapplied we walk out into the apartment. 

"Where the fuck have you two bitches been?!" Jasmine says stumbling over to us.

"Julie and I were just discussing Obama's health care plan." Lauren says without missing a beat.

"Why the fuck were you doing that?" Jasmine says but then staggers off without waiting for an answer.

I look at her and smile. She winks and walks towards Ryan and sits on his lap while he sings Blitzkrieg Bop with an incredibly horrible fake British accent.

I think to myself that this has been a pretty damn good birthday.