 *Disclaimer: all involved in this story is 18 years of age or older.

If you are under 18 years of age you do not belong on this site.

If you do not like female and female relationships/sex go find a new story.

Comments, opinions and advice welcome and encouraged; however please don't be mean about it. 

This is my first story so please be gentle with criticism.

*****

'I can't believe this. How could she do this to me?! This was supposed to be Our vacation and she chooses him over me? And just because he said he missed her and wanted to change. Bullshit! he just wants to hit it and quit it again. I'll hear from her again in a month. I'm not taking her back this time. No more.'

I finally made it to the top of the fourth flight of stairs leading to my apartment. I have never seen such a beautiful sight. After a 17 hour flight, an hour and a half cab ride and the four flights of stairs I had never been happier to see the god awful yellow door that lead into my apartment. 

I walk in expecting to see Keri playing her games in the living room but she wasn't there. I figured she must have gone out. I just wanted to go and have a nice hot shower to try to relax my aching muscles. I strip off my clothes on my way to the bathroom, i can just pick them up on my way back to my room. 

I walked into the bathroom and see Keri in the shower, washing her body. Suds all over her tight little body. Her hands slowly massaging her skin clean. It was an incredibly sexy sight. I should not be watching her but it's so hard not too. I have always wanted to get a peek and her sweet little 36A breasts. I've always had a thing for small breasts, and hers were perfect and perky. My mouth watered at the thought of closing my lips around those cute little nipples. Her areolas were slightly larger than a quarter and had a darker pink color to them, showing off her soft pink nipples. I loved them. 

She started rinsing off all the soap and as her hand ran over her breasts I just couldn't resist. I decided to go for broke and moved forward to step into the shower. She jumped and turned around just in time to be picked up and pushed into the wall. She instinctively wrapped her legs around my waist to keep from falling.

Before she could object I pressed my lips against hers as i pushed my body against hers. Breast to breast, mound to mound. I was delighted to realise she was shaved bare, matching me. It caused a sweet friction as i slowly started grinding against her.

She was hesitating and just as I was about to pull away she wrapped her arms around my neck and pulled me harder against her and kissed me back passionately. It felt so amazing. The little whimper she let out just made me melt. I pulled away to start kissing down her neck, pausing shortly at the juncture on her neck and shoulder, sucking enough to leave a small hickey before continuing my decent to her sweet breasts.

When I finally reached them I reached up to gently cup them as I licked softly around her breasts, careful not touch the nipples just yet. She ran her fingers through my thick black hair and put my face into her chest. 

"Please don't tease me anymore. I've wanted this for so long." she pleaded looking into my light blue eyes with her emerald green eyes. 

I couldn't resist her pleas so I closed my lips around her nipple and lavished the tiny little nub with my tongue and oh so gently bit down on the soft flesh. She loved that judging by the loud moan that escaped her throat. It turned me on even more and I bit down a little harder before moving and repeating the action on her other breast. 

I slowly set her down on her feet as i started kissing lower and lower. I got down on my knees as I reached her tight little stomach. When I reached her navel I circled it with my tongue once before sliding it in for a quick wiggle. Then I continued on with my journey to my prize. 

I pull her leg up over my shoulder to get easier access. That's when I got my first good look at her pussy. It was shaved completely and glistening wet. Her outer lips were so soft and plump I couldn't resist leaning forward to kiss them. We moaned simultaneously at the contact. Her pussy was starting to part and show more of her sweet labia. I sucked them into my mouth and wiggled my tongue a bit. 

I continued my exploration finding every nook and cranny listening to the different moans and whimpers coming from her lips. I held off as long as I could and licked up to take her clit into my mouth and sucked gently as I run my tongue back and forth over it. She starts to buck against my face and i put my hands on her hips to hold her in place as I have my way with her.

I move one hand from her hip so I could slide a finger into her center. She was so pleasantly tight as I slowly start to finger her as I suck on her clit. She grips my hair and pulls me tighter against her sex and I can feel the walls of her pussy start squeezing around my finger.

"Please, don't stop. I'm so close." she pleaded as she looked down at me. 

I lock my eyes on hers and take my finger out of her only to place it on her clit as my tongue take the place of it. shoving my tongue as deep in her pussy as I can and wiggle it around as I rub her clit vigorously. She starts bucking again and moaning my name as her pussy clenched around my tongue before releasing her sweet cum into my mouth. 

I keep licking, trying to get every last drop. Once I felt satisfied that I had gotten everything I could, I stand and wrap my arms around her still shaking body. I grab the washrag and gently clean her and myself off before shutting off the water and helping her out of the shower. She was still having trouble standing so I sit her down on the edge of the tub and dry her off. I then pick her up and carry her to my bed, climbing under the covers and cuddling close to her. 

She kisses me deeply and I kiss her back. She starts to kiss down my neck and I stop her. I tell her we have all the time in the world to explore and be together, and to rest. She snuggles in closer to me, burying her face in my neck, giving it one kiss before slowly drifting to sleep. 

'I hope she doesn't regret this when she wakes up. I really do want to explore a relationship with her.' I thought before I too fell asleep, content and relaxed. 

*I was not disappointed when we woke up.