 The showers here are not as nice as the last campground. These were all in one big room, a flimsy door with a small lock was all that separated me from the general public. As you entered the rest room, there was a row of toilets on the right, and across from those, a row of sinks on the left. Past the toilets were the showers, and across from the showers was a counter.

I went into the last shower stall and moved the shower seat. I unloaded my towel and change of clothes and set about unpacking my toiletries so I could get down to business. The shower head was large and the pressure was ok, the temperature held steady. I moved as quickly as I could, washing the previous day and night off my body. I was so focused I did not hear when someone else came into the shower area. I guess the lock was not even as effective as it appeared to have been, because when she pushed on the door, it simply opened into the stall. 

It was a bit off putting that someone would dare enter my shower, and I grabbed toward my towel but she was between me and it. She smiled and put her finger up to her lips as if to shush me. She looked totally non-threatening, so I wondered what the heck was going on here. I had noticed her the evening before, she was camping alone at the campsite just a few down from our RV. As I stood there with all this going through my head, she lifted her arms and pulled her nightgown up over her head in one quick motion, and I saw that she was totally naked underneath. Was this some sort of joke, I wondered? Here I was, two days from home, at a campground, anonymous as could be, and it appeared as if something I had joked and kidded about wanting to have in a totally anonymous way was presenting itself.

She cocked her head to the side and reached toward me with one hand in a friendly gesture. My mind was racing, and I listened to see if anyone else was in the building with us. She could sense my hesitation and concern, and again put up her finger to her mouth and said quietly, "The door is locked now. Just relax." She had shoulder length, very blond hair and was a bit curvy. She had a pooch similar to mine and I wondered if she had kids. She moved closer, and since it was such a small space anyway, there was nowhere for me to go. Sometimes I make very quick decisions, and this was one of those times. I decided to just relax and see what was going to happen. As that went through my mind, she sensed it was well and smiled again, then put her arms up around me and whispered in my ear. "I want to show you something, and no one will ever know but you and me. Is that ok?" I leaned back, and closed my eyes, deciding to just go with it and see what happened.

The next thing I felt were her hands gliding down my sides. She caressed down the back of my shoulders and around to my breasts, her hands moving in a swirling motion, just to maximize how much time they spent on my skin. She leaned her lips down to my neck and gently began to kiss and suck and nibble, very gently. I had recently begun to wonder what it would be like for another woman to do this to me -- as my male lover was pretty rough sometimes and I thoroughly enjoyed it but had considered that a woman would know exactly how to be gentle and get the job done as well. She knelt in front of me, her hands never leaving my body, and guided me back until I was up against the shower chair. I slowly sat down, and let my legs fall open around her, part of me wondering what the heck I was going to let her do and part of me thinking it was fine, just let her do whatever she wanted. 

It was everything I had hoped for and would have imagined if I had ever let my mind truly wander in that direction. Since I was a good girl, I had never really thought about playing with another woman. Since I never gave it much thought, I really did not know what to think or expect. 

I sat there with my legs open and this woman kneeling between them. She slid her hands up and down my open thighs, spreading them wider, until she lowered her head and began sliding her broad tongue along my thigh, up and down. I leaned back with my eyes closed and relished the contact, the smoothness of her, the silky feel of her hair brushing my leg. She took both hands and pressed my thighs apart, then ran her fingers all the way up and parted my lips. She took one little finger and pressed little circles inside of them and I was, of course, not surprised at the wetness there. She sighed and pressed a finger up inside of me, and then put her whole mouth on my lips, and gently began to stroke her tongue up and down my inner lips, sucking up the juice there. With broad strokes, she pressed her tongue up and down my lips, slowly, while pressing her finger in and out. When she reached the top, she flicked quickly on my clit and then lowered her tongue again, sucking and flicking. After just a few strokes, I was moaning and as her finger pressed in and out of me, she found the spot, tickled it gently and directly and I felt myself melting back into the chair. Within a few seconds, I was moaning and gasping and cumming. I felt the wetness spread and trickle down and she felt it too, pulled her finger out and sucked the juice off there and again started sucking at my lips to get it all.

While she was doing this, I reached down and put a hand on her shoulder, then let it wander down to her breast. Her nipples were erect and hard, and I gave each a little pinch. I pulled gently on her arms to get her to stand up. She spread her legs over mine and came closer, allowing her nipples to swing in my face. I opened my mouth, eager to feel those nipples on my tongue, and gave a gentle nibble. She liked it and pressed them closer in. I wrapped my arms around her waist and pulled her closer, so that I could nuzzle between her breasts. As I let my face rest there, I reached up between her legs and felt her wetness. I laid big wet kisses on her chest and belly as my fingers pressed in and out of her. It was my turn to see what it was like to taste another woman. I stood up slowly and guided her into the shower seat. She spread her legs wide for me and I imagined those things that had been done to pleasure me and knelt in front of her. 

Her lips were big, and a bit of pink poked out from between them. I pressed my face in close and smelled her, thinking with disbelief that this was a bizarre and interesting situation. I lowered my face to her lips and parted them with my tongue. I have tasted myself on my lover before, sucking my own juices off of him after he pulled out of me. The taste of this woman was mild and sweet, much like I thought of my own. It was not overwhelming or sticky or anything I had feared. I found myself eagerly licking up and down, side to side, feeling her lips on my tongue, feeling her press up to my mouth. She reached down and took my hand, guided it so that my fingers were pressing in and out of her while I used my mouth to tickle the outside. 

Knowing that the combination of a finger in my ass and my lover sucking on my clit was a sensation that made me cum hard every time, I whispered that I wanted to show her something too. I pressed my finger into her pussy to get it nice and wet then slipped it back and circled her asshole. Her legs were spread wide and she pulled them up and draped them over my shoulders. On a whim, I pointed my tongue and penetrated her pussy, then slipped it back and used it to circle her asshole. She moaned and relaxed a little more, so I pressed harder and pressed my tongue into her asshole. She seemed to like it, so I pressed in and out with the tip of my tongue until she was very wet. Once she was wet, I pressed my finger in, very slowly. I looked up to watch her reaction -- her head was thrown back and she was breathing quickly, excitedly. 

Once my finger was in there and gliding smoothly, I put my lips back on her lips and worked my mouth on her until it was quite nicely full of her lips and clit. I sucked gently, licking up her juices and feeling her inner lips and the small knob of her clit on my tongue. Was I really doing this to another woman? I thought of him and how much pleasure he gave me when he had a finger or two in my ass and was sucking on my clit, and I did what he did to me. She moaned, very quietly at first, then louder and began to breath heavier and heavier. My own excitement was building all this time, and I reached down between my own legs and began to work on my clit. Just as I was about to explode with waves of pleasure, she came. She grabbed my head and pressed it hard against her pussy while pushing up to meet me and clenched around my finger. She let out a little yelp, which only excited me further -- I had brought another woman off! And as her hips rocked up and down against my face, my own hips began to shake, as if on their own, and I came too, waves of pleasure rippling through me, matching hers.

Once her body stopped shaking, I again put my lips on her and sucked up the juices that had flowed so easily. I looked down and saw the wetness of my own flowing and sat back on my feet. She reached down and put her arms around my shoulders, pulling me closer to her and inviting me to rest my head on her thigh.