 Acting Persons:

Daniela Casares (20); Joanna Roberts (40)

Joanna was a successful woman in her job. She was a head of the Marketing department of a huge company and earned very good money. In her private life things weren´t as great. Her marriage didn´t work out so well. She had been divorced one and a half year ago and she had not felt any big urge for a new relationship with any other man. So also her sex life had not been as vivid as she would have liked it. She had always been a very sexually orientated person and for the last 18 month her sex life had mainly been cut back to masturbation. There had only been three nights that she had spent with a man, and all three had not been that good in bed. 

Today was Joanna´s 40ies birthday. She had planned to spend it with her best friend, but Marsha, her best friend, since high school, had planned something different for her. She had presented her a night at a great near beach resort and a card that said:” A special birthday shall have a very special night. At 40 you have to try something new. You can completely restart your sex-life. Try it and enjoy it!” Marsha had smiled when she had given her the card. Joanna had pressed on Marsha to tell her what would be the special surprise, but Marsha had not told her.

So Joanna was quite excited when she entered the big hotel suit. All she knew for sure, that this night would include sex. She was not so sure yet if she really was up for a night with a callboy. On the other hand she already felt quite aroused. 

She took a look into the mirror. She had never had any problems with her body. She had always liked her looks. Joanna was only 1,66 m high, which was not big, but quite enough for a woman. She had never been a real bone-thin girl, but she had always preferred her figure as it was. With around 63kg she was still slim enough and tough with some flesh and curves around her bones. Especially her 90C breasts tended to draw some attention to her body. Her breasts were still quite firm and very well shaped too. Her very female face was of a mature beauty and still had almost no wrinkles and it was framed of her red-brown shoulder-length hair. 

The hotel suit was really great and made her feel very comfortable. Near a wide front of windows, that gave a great view of the sea, was a big whirlpool. 

At the whirlpool lay a card. It was signed by Marsha. “I would recommend to undress, get into the pool, make yourself feel comfortable and wait for what shall bring you new joys, kisses Marsha.”

Joanna smiled. Marsha really made her very curious and she also felt that this way also her arousal was rising. The 40year old woman started to undress and stepped into the whirlpool. It was perfectly heated. She sat down and turned it own. It felt great. 

A big bottle of cooled Champagne was placed at the whirlpool in a box of ice-cubes. For a few minutes she just sat there and enjoyed the bubbling whirlpool. She was thinking of what would come and how she would react. Her sexual excitement had already grown enough so that she was sure, that she would really take her present. The thought of having somebody paid for her, somebody who would only be there to please her made he even hotter. 

Her arm longed for the Champagne. It felt so cold and that felt great against the warmness of the water. She took it out off the icebox and pressed it against her face. She led the cold bottle over her forehead to her other cheek and finally further down. She moved it around her neck and then even further down. She let the cold bottle tease her skin and let it glide down between her breasts. Hmmm, it felt so good. With one hand she started to touch her own breasts and press it against the cold bottle. 

She was almost lost in that game of arousing her breasts with the mixture of the warm water and the cold bottle. Her nipples started getting hard, when suddenly she heard the door open.

“So it was starting,” she thought. The 40year old woman looked up.

What stood at the door was not exactly what she had been awaiting. At the first moment she was kind of shocked. Well, yes she had discussed it with Marsha, had told her about her fantasies, about her erotic dreams. But in reality she had not really thought of it, as something that could happen. Or had she? 

Joanna just stared to the door. And the more she thought of it, the more her shock of the first sight, gave way to totally different feelings. She felt how her arousal was coming back. She felt that Marsha had done exactly the right thing, had really understood her real feelings, what she wanted.

She had to admit that she had masturbated in this last months a lot of times, dreaming of a situation, an erotic encounter just like this. 

“Your present has just arrived!”, Joanna heard the voice from the door. There was a heavy Spanish accent. The voice was incredibly sexy. 

But Joanna could not concentrate on the sexy voice. What was even more, much more erotic, much more arousing to her was the sight of her present. 

At the door stood a woman. A young woman, almost a girl. She could not be older than 20 years (and in fact she was exactly 20). The girl was incredibly beautiful. She was an exotic Beauty. She had dark-black hair that had the fine shimmering look of black silk. Her hair was going down over her shoulders. Her young body was just perfect. She was slim but not too thin and had great curves, exactly where needed. Her breasts looked like a good 80 or 85B and they were round, like small balls and perfectly firm. She was higher than Joanna; about 1,75m. She had long, sexy legs. Her beautiful skin had a dark suntan – almost all over. Her face was more than pretty. It looked exotic and the dark suntan were a perfect contrast against her blending white teeth. She smiled sexy. Part of her face was covered by a black eye-mask. One could see two dark eyes through two holes in the mask. The small mask made her even more exotic and mysterious. 

The girl let her coat drop to the floor. What she wore beneath was absolutely breathtaking. It was a black “silk+lace” underdress. It was of very fine cloth; all over see-through and very short. It could clearly be seen that the girl wore nothing beneath that most sexy piece of cloth – and it could also be clearly seen that she was not tanned all over. The skin of her breasts and around her crotch-areas was shinning through white. 

Joanna was sitting in the whirlpool, the cold Champagne bottle still pressed against her breasts and mouth open. Never had she seen somebody so sexy before.

“Hi, Joanna!”, the girl said – again with her sexy Spanish accent. “I´m Daniela your Brazilian birthday present! I´m here to give you a birthday night you will never forget!”

“I´m sure, that I will never forget this night!”, Joanna finally managed to say. The middle-aged woman was still about uncertain in this new situation. For a moment there was silence, as she did not know what to say. Finally she managed a question – and felt a bit silly the moment the words were out.

“So you are a Call girl?,” she asked.

The sexy Brazilian smiled, showing her blending white teeth again. 

“You are nice, Joanna. Yes, you could call me a Call girl. If you like to know exactly, I´m a student earning some pocket money by having fun – and by looking at your gorgeous body I´m sure it will be a fun-night.” She smiled again and Joanna blushed a bit, due to the compliment of the girl. “But just think of me as your whore. And I will be your whore. I will try to satisfy every wish you may have! So tell your whore what you want me to do!”

Joanna could feel her blood flowing into her sexual body parts. She could feel a rising arousal in all her body. Never had she felt the same. This mixed emotions of curiosity, lust, uncertainty, …made her feeling hot. Her nipples were half stiff already. In a low, aroused voice Joanna said:

“You are so sexy, so beautiful. Please show your body to me.”

Daniela smiled her sexiest smile. She had not lied when she had said, that she earned her money by having fun. The 20year old Brazilian girl was a 100% lesbian and so she only accepted offers from woman. And she was selective with her clients. She took a good price and so never did more than two jobs a week, mainly with regular customers. She always loved it how that –mainly mature, white – ladies adored her exotic, well-shaped body. She loved how they almost ate her with their eyes. This night was no exception. Joanna was really a sexy lady and especially her virginity to lesbian sex was something Daniela liked. 

Slowly Daniela stepped out of her shoes and walked to the big sized bed in the middle of the suit. Joanna’s eyes followed every movement. With one hand she stilled held the champagne bottle between her breasts, moving it gently and the other hand was know lying on one of her breasts and her finger lightly played with her hard nipple. 

Daniela stepped onto the bed using it as a stage. Joanna’s eyes were wide open, her mouth was slightly open, her tongue licking her lips. Daniela was really turned on by seeing how much she was already arousing that middle-aged woman. That would really be a night of fun.

The girl’s legs were spread a bit. Her hands travelled down her body, wandering over her firm breasts, shining white through the fabric of the black underdress; went down her belly and between her legs for a short moment. Then she slowly turned around, showing her back to Joanna. She bowed down and presented her bum to her client. Joanna let out a deep breath. The young Brazilian had a great ass. The most sexy woman´s ass Joanna had ever seen. Immediately Joanna felt the deep urge to fondle, to kiss that ass. Beneath her very short, black see-through underdress, that was now tightly around the curves of her ass, showed two firm, brown cheeks, greatly round-shaped. Only between her cheeks one could see shining through some white skin. Daniela had obviously worn a sexy string-tanga when getting her tan. 

Joanna imagined how the girl must have looked wearing that string-tanga on the beach. Daniela turned her head to get a glimpse of Joanna´s lusty stare at her. 

Slowly her own hands went across her firm arse-cheeks, till they reached the underside of her dress and she started pulling it up. Very slowly, inch-by-inch, she moved her black dress up over her cheeks. Daniela could hear Joanna´s lusty breathing. 

Joanna could see now Daniela´s butt-hole, dark against the white line, where the string had covered her skin. It looked incredible. Never before had Joanna been fascinated by any bum – but this was just it. She lusted for this perfect arse.

Just when Daniela had moved her dress up wide enough to show her whole bum, she straightened up again and let the dress fall down again and turned around to face her new client. 

“Do you love your whore´s ass, Joanna?”, Daniela asked smiling lusty.

Joanna nodded.

“Hmmm. It`s delicious. Perfectly great. I loved it,” she exclaimed but almost whispering. Her nipples were rock hard now. She had put away the cold bottle and both her hands rested on her busty breasts, kneeling them gently and fondling her own nipples. 

“You can touch yourself, Joanna, if you like and I will lick your fingers clean as soon as I´m naked and can join you in the whirlpool!”, Daniela said with her sexy, seductive, accented voice.

By saying that Daniela had taken the tip of her dress and started moving it down her body.

Joanna just nodded to Daniela´s words. She moved out of the whirlpool a bit and sat on it, only her feet still in the warm water. One hand immediately moved to her completely shaved, already moist cunt. Her fingers started moving up and down her slit. Quickly she was real wet between her legs. 

Daniela´s hands were holding her dress beneath her breasts, showing them fully naked now. Joanna’s fingers moved faster at that wonderful sight. The girl’s nipples were hard too. The contrast of her darkened, brown skin to the white bikini-covered area of her breasts was as perfect as was the shape of her round young, firm breasts. Daniela let her thumb play with her nipples. She was a perfect seductress. 

Slowly she turned to the side to give Joanna a different view of her tits. Her hands gently stroke around her curves and massaged her breasts for a few seconds.

Then she moved the shoulder straps of her sexy black dress over her shoulders and started rolling her dress down her body. She took her time stripping. Joanna’s eyes were still fixed to every movement of the Brazilian girl, while one hand was caressing her shaved pussy and the other massaging one of her breasts and nipples.

Daniela slowly made a full 360-degrees turn whilst stripping down her dress. The view of her gorgeous, sexy, young body was very special from the side too. The complete firmness and perfect shape of her breast and the brown/white contrast of her skin were underlined. Also her wonderful black, silky-shimmering hair made a perfect picture.

When Daniela finally had finished her 360-turn her dress went over her hips and she let it fall down her beautiful legs. She stepped out of it, standing sideways to Joanna again. Her body was bowed a bit, so Joanna still could not see her full nakedness, she still could not see her pussy-area. 

Daniela looked into Joanna’s face, taking in all the lust in her expression. She loved the look. She loved it to arouse her female clients till the edge, before giving them the best sexual relief. 

Joanna´s face displayed her purest desire to see her girl for the night naked. In a very slow motion, Daniela straightened up again; showing her perfect curved exotic body from the side once again before finally turning around. 

Again the contrast between her brown tanned skin and the white skin of her bikini-area was looking amazingly sexy. Even more at the crotch area, where the white was interrupted by a nicely trimmed stripe of dark-black, shimmering pubic hair. In very slow steps Daniela walked to the whirlpool now, giving her client more than enough time to take in the wonderful sight of her perfect, sexy, young Brazilian body and thus rising her lust till the top.

“You are wonderful, Daniela…”, Joanna sighed. One of her finger was deep in her cunt now.

“So you love your present? You like your whores body?”

“Perfect!!”

“I love your body, too, Joanna. Do you know you have a pair of real gorgeous, wonderfully sexy, big breasts. I´m sure a lot of women would die for such breasts – not only to have such beautiful tits themselves but also to fondle them, to kiss them, to suck on the nipples, hmmmm. And such a sexy, shaved pussy…hmmm and it’s looking so wet, so creamy. I love such a creamy cunny. I´m sure you will taste great. You are a real beauty, Joanna and your whore will do everything to satisfy the lust of this erotic body of yours.”

Daniela spoke as slow as she was walking. She was almost whispering her words with her Spanish accent.

The young Brazilian was close now to Joanna. The 40year old woman was starring at her with pure lust in her eyes. She was trembling with excitement. Daniela looked deep into her eyes and slowly longed for Joanna´s hand that was still between her legs. She took her hand and moved it to her face. She opened her lips a bit and moved Joanna´s finger all over her sexy, almost brownish lips, thus spreading some of her love-cream over her lips. Joanna was breathing heavy. Finally Daniela sucked Joanna´s fingers deep into her mouth and licked all the pussyjuices from them. She really loved the taste of pussy.

“Just as I thought!”, the 20year old girl whispered. “Very tasty! And I´m sure it will taste even better with some champagne. Will you give some of the great, cool, sparkling champagne to your whore, Joanna?”

Joanna found it very arousing how Daniela always called herself “whore”. That was making it even more uncommon, it had the sound of pure sexual lust. It gave her the perfect feeling that this girl would do everything to satisfy her, that she was paid for a perfect night of sex, of her pure lust.

“Take a good sip of your champagne and let your little whore drink from your beautiful mouth!”, Daniela whispered. 

Joanna filled a glass and drank from it keeping the champagne in her mouth. Daniela licked her lips and stepped into the whirlpool. Slowly she leaned forward to Joanna. Her tongue licked along her closed lips before she opened her mouth and pressed it against Joanna´s mouth. Joanna now also opened her lips and Daniela´s tongue slid in and melt into Joanna´s. The sparkling champagne, exchanging between the two kissing mouths gave the kiss something very special, something very teasing and arousing. It was a long and passionate kiss. Daniela had a lot of experience and was a perfect, seductive kisser. Joanna could not – and of course did not want to – resist the young girls kisses. Daniela played with her tongue around Joanna´s tongue, sucked on it, drank the champagne from her mouth, licked Joanna´s lips, sucked her lips, bit slightly to them. Her body was close now to Joanna´s body. Their breasts touched. Hard nipples to hard nipples the rubbed on each other. Joanna would have screamed aloud of pure pleasure, if her mouth would not have been locked to the sexy Brazilians lips. Daniela slowly moved her firm, round breasts in circles around Joanna´s breasts, teasing her nipples with her nipples. 

Joanna just let the experienced hooker guide the kiss and enjoyed. Her hands were around the girl’s neck now and her fingers were playing with her beautiful, long dark-black hair. It felt great. 

Daniela was still kissing her. Changing between wild and passionate French kisses, teasing lip kisses and wet kisses all over her face and neck. Joanna moaned with pleasure. Daniela had her tits pressed hard against Joanna´s big boobs now, massaging them with gentle movements. Both women could feel the others hard nipples and were aroused at the feeling. Never before had Joanna even thought that such breast play with another woman could be so arousing. She thought she could even cum by just that kind of breast-to-breast play. The tightness of the girl’s breasts felt so wonderful on her voluptuous tits. 

Joanna´s hands started going down the Brazilians back. Quite quickly they found that wonderful bum of hers. Her hands grabbed her cheeks, stroke all along over that firm, perfect curves and started massaging them. God, she loved to touch this wonderful arse.

Quite a while Daniela was playing with her new client like this, till she gave another wet lick with her sexy tongue over her mouth and whispered:

“Your little whore could need some more of that champagne and it would taste even better from your wonderful, sexy body. Please let it flow down from between your breasts, Joanna. I want to lick it up all.”

Joanna did not hesitate to take the big, still cold bottle. She was extremely hot now. She poured some over her face and into her mouth and then started pouring the cool liquid into the valley between her big boobs. She leaned back and let the liquid flow down her body. It felt tingling on her warm skin. Daniela was taking the first sips directly from between her tits. She smiled up at her. Joanna started playing now herself and also poured some champagne directly over her round boobs and her nipples. The Brazilian girl quickly and eagerly followed and licked the liquid directly from her breasts and even more eagerly from her rock hard nipples teasing them with her tongue, whilst licking. 

After a short while Daniela knelt down into the whirlpool, on which Joanna was still sitting, between her spread legs and let the champagne flow deeper and deeper before she started licking it. She licked it from the pool of her navel, from her soft belly and from her mount of venus that was so sexy shaved. 

Finally Daniela watched the champagne flow down all the 40year old woman´s body till it reached Joanna’s soaking wet cunt. The Brazilian student hooker put her tongue directly to the woman´s pussy. Joanna moaned at the very first touch of her tongue. Daniela let the champagne flow down and along her wet love slit before she took it in with her tongue. The cold liquid must have made her cunt lips and her clit even more sensual. Only after a short while the sexually experienced girl started licking. Eagerly she took in the delicious mixture of the sparkling champagne and Joanna´s creamy pussy juices. It was a perfect taste for her.
