 Jenna lay on the bed, asleep. Her red hair, wet from a long swim, tumbled around her head. I watched as her chest slowly rose and fell. Her breasts shook slightly with each breath. My eyes followed the curve of her waist down to her full hips. From her hips, my eyes traced their way down to the smooth, shaved mound of her pussy. As she stirred, I hurriedly grabbed a book and pretended to read, propped up on my bed. I glanced over as she rolled on to her side, her back towards me. The curves of her ass taunted me. A glimpse of wetness between her legs was too much. I wanted to taste her so badly. I wanted to know what it felt like, her breasts crushed against mine, her lips against mine. I could feel my own wetness growing, just watching her. As I started to get up, Jenna raised her head sleepily.

"Oh, hey Bridget. Sorry, I must have dozed off when I got back from practice." She got up and pulled on a white button-down that only went down to her hips. Her pink nipples showed through the thin fabric.

"It must have been quite a workout. Normally you aren't really tired when you get home." I looked down at the book I was holding and realized I had been holding it up side down. Cursing silently I put the book down, hoping she hadn't noticed. "Well, I need to get a shower before I go out tonight. Would you like to get in first? "

"No, you go on ahead. I've got to put a conditioner on my hair before I get in. The chlorine really dries it out. You go on ahead." She waved me towards the bathroom we shared with a smile. 

"Ok, as long as you don't mind," I said as I grabbed a shabby looking towel. "I'll just be a few minutes.

I stepped into the bathroom and closed the door, cursing myself silently for not making a move. After putting my towel down, I undressed, and looked at myself in the mirror. Running my hands down my body, I sighed. I didn't have bad body, but definitely not an athletic body. I walked over to the shower and turned the water on. After waiting for the hot water to adjust, I stepped in, closing the shower door behind me. I let the water run down my shoulders, dripping off my small breasts, running down my body. I always loved the feel of hot water running down my skin. My hands went to my chest and I began to massage my breasts, pulling and rubbing my nipples until they stood red and erect. My right hand trailed down my stomach and I began rubbing my clit. I started to moan, my eyes closed, soaking up every sensation. Suddenly my concentration was broken by the sound of the shower door opening. I turned around to find Jenna standing in the opening with a smile on her face. Blushing, I pulled my hands to my sides. 

"Uhm, did you need something?" I managed to stammer out.

For an answer, Jenna stepped into the shower and kissed me. As her lips touched mine, I gasped. I recovered quickly and kissed her back. My tongue flicked playfully at hers, then more urgently as our kiss lengthened. I ran my fingers through her hair and down to her back. She looked up at me and smiled. I pulled her into the spray of the water and kissed her again. Her rounded breasts pressed into mine, the water running over them. I pulled away and looked at her body. I reached up and lightly put my hands around her breasts. Gently I began to rub her nipples with my thumbs. A moan escaped Jenna's lips and she pushed into my hands. I rubbed harder, pulling at the nipples on occasion. As Jenna's breathing became faster, I brought my mouth down to her right nipple. I flicked my tough across her nipple quickly, nipping with my teeth. I reached down with my right hand and found her mound. I slipped my fingers into her opening. Her warm, wet center was too much. I sat her down on the seat in the shower and opened her legs. Leaning down, I breathed in her scent. Slowly I began to lick, avoiding the most sensitive area. Darting in and out of her pussy, I savored her taste. 

"Oh god, Bridget. Please, let me come, "Jenna whimpered, between gasps. 

I reached up with one finger and put it in. I traced my tongue up to her throbbing clit. I started to pump one then two fingers in and out of her pussy, putting pressure on her g-spot. I started to lick her clit, rubbing it hard with my tongue. Jenna moaned, begging me to go faster. I flicked her clit back and forth while pumping my fingers in and out, massaging her spot. Suddenly her back arched and she let out a raspy scream as her juices ran, her pussy pulsing over my fingers. I massaged her spot frantically, drawing her orgasm out as long as I could. 

As Jenna's breathing returned to normal, I realized the water had gotten cold. I got up and turned it off, and stepped out to grab her a towel. Turning to her, she smiled again.

"You don't know how long I've wanted to kiss you," Jenna confessed. "Ever since I started rooming with you two years ago."

I stared at her in shock. "I thought you weren't into girls, so I never tried. You kept bringing boys over to the dorm, so I just assumed it was a loss."

Grinning, she pulled me out of the bathroom, into our room. "Well, let me show you just how into girls I am," she said as she laid me down on the bed...