 I first met Lynn as the older sister of a school friend of mine, and she and I became really close for a long time until Bill stopped me seeing her. The problem, as Bill saw it, was that Lynn is several years older than I am and openly bi-sexual, though she had always respected my heterosexuality and had never ever made a pass at me.

But now Bill was history and Simon didn't mind me having friends, so I had rung her in an attempt to renew our friendship. I was lucky; she forgave me for abandoning her and arranged to come up for coffee one afternoon. 

Now she was sitting opposite me in the lounge drinking coffee and was behaving as if nothing had ever happened. In fact, quite a lot had happened in the three years since we had last met. For one thing, she was now married to Sean, and was the mother of a baby son. For another, she had grown her hair, discarded her butch fashions, and looked very feminine and attractive, dressed in a loose summer skirt and white blouse. Now she looked every inch the young mum, with long blonde hair and a very trim figure. I had hardly recognised her when she had knocked on the door, I remembered her with her hair cropped short and dyed black, and wearing dungarees with Doc Martins.

I had always found it easy to talk openly with Lynn, and I found myself telling her all about my new-found sexual freedom, and how confused I was with it.

"I just don't understand it." I told her. "Last week I wanted Simon to spank me, and really hurt me, and I was disappointed when he didn't. But he's promised me a spanking on our next weekend off though, and I'm really looking forward to it, I absolutely can't wait. It sounds weird doesn't it?"

I looked carefully into her eyes, but there was no mockery or patronage in her face, so I went on.

"And I want him to call me names, horrible names, insulting, degrading names that would normally disgust me. He's done that already, well a little bit anyway, and instead of pissing me off, it turned me on. The worse the names got, the hornier I felt. I let him wank over me as well, and it was really good to feel his cum landing on me."

I paused at this point, and then thought that having come so far... "Do you know what else, well of course you don't, how could you if you weren't there..." I knew I was waffling so I got to the point. "I've actually told him that he can pee on me if he wants to."

"Wow, Becky, you have grown up since we last met, haven't you?" Lynn was grinning, but in an understanding way. "You'll enjoy it."

That shocked me, especially the matter of fact way she said it. But I tried to cover my surprise. "You don't think I'm being too kinky then?"

"One person's kinky is another's normal, so that label doesn't matter. You've just discovered your natural tendencies, that's all. It sounds to me like you're a natural submissive, so if Simon's naturally dominant you'll get along fine."

"Huh!" I said, snorting with derision. "If he thinks I'm going to start calling him 'Master' he can go fuck himself. One thing I'm not is submissive, even if he might be dominant."

I think I knew that I was kidding myself; I just didn't want to admit it.

"Then can I ask you something?" Her question sounded serious so I nodded and looked at her expectantly.

"Do you find that it really turns you on to contemplate doing things that you wouldn't do normally, but that Simon would like you to do?"

"Yes, but..." She waved me to silence.

"And do you want him to 'make' you do things, even things that you find abhorrent, and to punish you if you don't?

"Yes, but..." The imperious hand came up again to stop me.

"And do you feel, even subconsciously, that if he tells you to do something, it's fine to do it, because then he's responsible for your actions and not you?"

"Yes..." My agreement was very hesitant, but she ignored me and carried on.

"Then you, my darling, do have submissive tendencies, so go ahead and enjoy them. My tendencies usually go the other way and I enjoy being dominant over Sean, although at times we switch." 

"I didn't know that." I was surprised that Lynn liked to be dominant.

"But then how can his 'permission' change my enjoyment? Surely I either like something or I don't?"

She looked at me. "I'll give you an example. You know I like women, and if I asked you to kiss me, properly, with tongues, you'd tell me to take a runner, wouldn't you?" 

I didn't answer; I wanted to see where this was going, so she went on anyway.

"But if Simon told you to, you'd do it and you'd probably enjoy it, because Simon took responsibility and then kissing me wouldn't mean you were gay, is that not true?"

It was true and I could see her logic, but I still didn't answer, I was too busy remembering kissing that woman in my dream, and how nice that had been. I made an impulsive decision.

"Lynn? Will you help me with something?" 

"Of course, if I can." She looked confused by the sudden change of direction.

"Simon wants to see me have sex with another man, and with a woman - and I want him to." Lynn looked astounded. "Don't look at me like that, you're making what I want to ask more difficult. Anyway, I want to watch him having sex as well, so it's only fair. I'm sorry but that's what we want. Now, another man shouldn't be hard to find, but finding a woman might be a bit more difficult, and I just wondered..." I was beginning to falter, but I managed a deep breath and continued. "Would you have sex with me while Simon watches?"

There was total silence in that kitchen for about two endless minutes while emotions, confusions, indecisions, and surprises, chased each other over Lynn's face. But finally she managed to close her mouth and get in control again. 

"Stand up and kiss me."

Now I looked confused. "What?"

"If you can't do that, you wouldn't enjoy sex with me and so I won't do it." 

I stood up and went towards her, and she stood to greet me. It's a romantic novel cliché to say we melted into each others arms, but we did. It was as if our bodies wanted to meet, each wanting to accommodate the other so that we fitted together perfectly in a tight embrace. 

Even so, the kiss was a bit tentative at first from both sides, our lips just softly brushing together. But then we gained in confidence, knowing that there was no real reluctance from either one, and we came together fully, lips and tongues meeting passionately. We clung together like that for several minutes, exploring each other's mouths and luxuriating in the feel of two bodies pressed close. The fact that nothing, except a kiss or two, was going to happen, made all my misgiving about being in the arms of a woman disappear. This was a try out, I told myself, for when Simon sees us, so, in a way, I have his permission to do this much, and he'll be over the moon if we can keep this enthusiasm going when he's there. 

"Wow!" Lynn exclaimed during a lull in our kissing. "That was definitely worth waiting for. I've wanted to kiss you for years."

I must admit I was surprised at that too, because she had never showed the slightest interest in me sexually, but in a strange way I was quite pleased. And, when I put Lynn's gender from my mind, I was enjoying it too. 

"Does that mean you will do it?"

"If it gets me into your knickers, you bet I will, especially if you can carry on kissing that good."

"And will you mind Simon watching?"

"No, not a bit, I quite like an audience sometimes."

"Then we'd better do it again, just to prove to you that I can keep kissing a woman like that." I moved forward happily and our mouths merged together again. 

All the time we were kissing our hands were caressing each others backs, but I suddenly became aware that one of Lynn's hands had worked its way under my top and was stroking my bare skin. Not only that, but it was resting on the side of my body and getting dangerously close to my breasts. The realization brought me up with a jolt, and just for a moment I stopped kissing her and drew back. Then I smiled and kissed her again, not caring what she was up to.

Lynn took this as tacit permission to continue, which I suppose it was, and openly pulled my top up above my bra, and I felt both of her lovely cool soft hands roaming around the skin of my back and belly. I moaned a little, I couldn't help it, it felt so nice.

Moments later she had unhooked my bra and pushed it out of the way, her hands cupping and moulding my naked breasts. We stopped kissing and stood slightly away from each other to give room, with my hands on her shoulders and hers on my breasts. She looked at me and smiled, cocking her head slightly to one side in an unspoken question. I closed my eyes for a moment to soak in the sensations of her fingers playing with my nipples and smiled back, and when I opened them again she was gazing very tenderly at me. I melted at that moment and then I knew that I actively wanted her to make love to me and I wanted Simon to see it happen.

Now my hands slid from her shoulders and began unbuttoning the front of her blouse, pulling it out from her skirt so that I could pull it away from her breasts. She was wearing a tiny quarter cup white bra that only just covered her nipples and, as I pushed her blouse from her shoulders, Lynn reached back and unclipped it, allowing it to fall to the floor with her blouse and leaving her naked to the waist. Moments later my top and bra had joined Lynn's things on the floor and we stood gazing at each other.

Lynn's breasts are small and tipped with little pink nipples and pale aureole. They're very different to mine. Mine verge on being 'heavy' and have quite large dark nipples. I wondered momentarily if she liked her nipples pulling, but I dismissed the thought and wondered instead if I'd enjoy kissing them. 

I think, maybe, given a little longer, I might have persuaded myself to try, but Lynn's arms went around me again and we went back into a clinch. Holding Lynn was lovely, but so very different from embracing a man. For one thing I was immediately conscious of soft breasts with hard little nipples pressed against my own breasts, and she was so much smaller, softer and smoother. The contrast was rather nice; for all that I'm straight.

Lynn's hands were still wandering up and down my back, and mine were doing the same to her, both really just luxuriating in the feel of smooth soft skin. But then Lynn ran her hands down onto my bottom to cup my cheeks and pull our bodies tight together, something comparatively easy for her to do being so much shorter than me. I didn't mind her touch, after all her hands were on the outside of my slacks and, in any case, the sensation of her hands on my bottom was very pleasant. Once again we began to kiss deeply and any misgivings I might have had vanished as her tongue entered my mouth.

My hands were still holding resting on her bare back, but Lynn's now began to wander once more, with one returning to caress my back while the other roamed around my bottom touching first one cheek and then the other. I murmured my pleasure into her mouth, especially when it pushed lightly into my crack. 

I didn't notice at the time, but I was being expertly seduced. With her hard little nipples brushing mine, her soft breasts cushioned against me and her hands roving around my body, I'll readily admit that I was getting very turned on. Eventually she shifted her weight to put a little space between us and brought her hand from my back to gently squeeze my breast and even then I just let her continue. It wasn't until her other hand wandered from my bottom around to my front and started to cup my pussy through my slacks that I came to my senses.

"No, Lynn, no!" I pulled away from her and covered my breasts with my arms.

"But, I thought you liked it." She looked bewildered by my sudden change.

"I do, I do, and it feels so nice. But we can't."

"Why not? You asked me if I'd make love to you."

"Yes, I know. But I meant when Simon was here. I promised him, in fact we promised each other, that we'd do nothing that might be called cheating without the other person knowing first."

"Oh, I see. I thought you'd gone all straight on me again." She was making light of it, but her frustration showed.

"I am straight, but I know I'd enjoy being with you, and I want to do it, but only after Simon gets home."

"You mean today?"

I hadn't thought things through, but yes, why not? I was turned on enough, and I couldn't see Simon complaining too loudly about it. In any case, the idea of having lesbian sex with a friend was a lot more appealing then with a total stranger, and this might be my best opportunity 

"Yes, if you can stay and eat with us, Simon should be home in about forty-five minutes, then we can make an evening of it, if you'd like?"

"I'd like very much. But I'll have to give Sean a ring otherwise he'll wonder where I am."

"What will you tell him?"

"I'll tell him I'm having dinner with an old friend and to expect me when I get there."

"You won't tell him..." My nerve faltered and my words ran out.

"Not till I get home, then I will." She looked at me. "That's our anti-cheating arrangement? We always tell each other everything, and every detail, is that ok?"

I agreed it was, getting an unexpected kick from the knowledge that a stranger would hear all about it. Then we got dressed again and Lynn helped me prepare the food. It's the first time anyone has ever helped me cook for Simon, and I'm not sure I liked it.

****************************** 

I introduced Lynn to Simon as an old friend that I'd lost touch with, which was true enough, but I didn't tell him anything else. That was partly because I wanted to surprise him, and partly because I didn't think we'd get to eat if I did, but mainly because I didn't have a clue how to broach the subject. As we ate I went over the various possibilities in my mind and every time I kept coming to the conclusion that there weren't any, except to tell him straight out, and I didn't have the nerve for that.

As for playing with Lynn in front of Simon, well, I was pulled in all sorts of directions about that. I'd cooled off after the stimulation of this afternoon's kisses, and I wasn't absolutely sure I could go through with it. After all, it would mean much more intimate contact with Lynn than anything we'd done, and although I liked Lynn and thought her extremely good looking, I wasn't attracted to her sexually. What I was attracted to was the buzz of performing for Simon, knowing how much he wanted me to do it. I knew I'd get a special thrill from indulging in taboo lesbian sex in front of him. This afternoon I'd been turned on by the novelty of feeling a woman's touch and the knowledge that I was learning things for Simon to enjoy.

Afterwards we sat having coffee in the lounge, but there was very little conversation. Lynn kept glancing anxiously at me and I kept looking at the floor. Simon sat looking first at me, then at Lynn, with a quizzical look on his face. 

"Alright, which one of you would like to explain? All through dinner I've been getting the distinct impression of a conspiracy here, and now we've eaten you're both looking as nervous as kittens."

It was my house, my partner, and my idea, so it was obviously my place to try and pluck up the courage to give an explanation, but I still didn't know how to start. 

I opened my mouth to speak, then closed it again, lost for words. Then I opened it again and this time, after a very long pause and a deep breath I managed to begin.

"I think Lynn's nervous 'cos I'm nervous, and I'm nervous because I'm about to find out if you really meant what you said you meant. Because if you didn't mean it, and I've read things wrongly, then I'm going to be in a lot of trouble."

Lynn nodded sagely, and I went on.

"You said you wanted us, me and you that is, to broaden our horizons, to do more things with our sex lives. Is that still true?"

"Yes." Simon's answer sounded more like a question and he looked thoroughly confused.

"And we both agreed we wanted to have sex with other people while we watched each other. Is that still true?"

"Yes, go on." I think he was beginning to see where this was heading and that made telling him easier.

"Lynn and I are going to do it in front of you." It came out in a rush and, while it wasn't said in the most elegant way, once it was out things seemed easier.

"Jesus!" That was his initial comment, but he followed on by asking. "When did you arrange all this, and what do you want me to do?"

"Well, nothing! Just watch." It seemed a silly question to me, but then I wasn't thinking it through.

"I think he means, should he stay dressed and can he wank? That sort of thing." Lynn was making more sense of it.

"Oh, right. No, you shouldn't stay dressed, and yes you can wank if you want, in fact it would be nice if you did, but you mustn't try to join in with us. Is that alright with you, Lynn?"

"Fine by me. Shall we get started?" She was clearly up for it.

It was a very nervous trio who made their way to the bedroom and then stood around wondering who was going to make the first move. In the end it was Simon who began to unbutton his shirt.

"Right, I need a quick shower, so while I do that, do you ladies want to sort yourselves out?"

I could have kissed him for giving Lynn and I the space to set the ball rolling. I was getting turned on again by the thrill of being able to show off to Simon, but I was still very nervous and still very, very tentative about what I was about to do. I knew that once we started there was no backing out, but then I realised that I'd already gone too far to change my mind. I was just going to have to do it and make the best of it. 

"Ready?" I was brought back to reality by Lynn's question.

"Yes." I smiled with a certainty I wasn't sure I felt and pulled my top over my head.

I undid my slacks with trembling fingers, my heart beating like a trip hammer and my breath coming in short little gasps. I was feeling horny, scared, excited, worried, and happy all at once. I pushed my slacks down and sat on the bed to pull them over my feet, looking up to watch Lynn undress as I did so. She showed none of my nerves, shrugging herself out of her blouse and bra together and looking at me with that same tender smile she had melted me with before. 

It helped, but it didn't take away all my anxiety. After all, this afternoon I had expected it was just going to be a simple kiss, even though it became rather more in the end, but now I knew we were going the whole way and without the gradual seduction she had treated me to earlier.

I reached behind my back to release the catch of my bra, sliding it down my arms as Lynn's skirt whispered over her hips to the floor. We were both now dressed only in our knickers, which in Lynn's case were the briefest of white bikini briefs and looked stunning on her petite frame. She did look beautiful, with her long slender legs and little perky breasts she was everything a man might desire, but I'm not a man and I was still finding what I was about to do hard to handle.

"Come here, sweetheart." She held out her hands to me, and I obediently rose from the bed and went into her arms. 

The kiss was a gentle meeting of mouths. Yes, our lips parted and her tongue entered my mouth, but it was so tender, so understanding and so warm that a lot of my fears disappeared and some of the excitement and pleasure of the afternoon returned. The second kiss was much more passionate and came equally from both of us. She hugged me for a few more moments then held me at arms length.

"You can stop shivering now, everything will be ok, just wait and see." She smiled that smile again.

"Are you ready to make that last step?" She asked me with her thumbs tucked under the waistband of her briefs.
