 Chapter I: Fall 2010

Smooth. Her skin was so smooth. It felt like silk and smelled like the earthy cologne she wore and underneath it was her; the scent of her skin, clean and warm. It meant whatever fragrance she sprayed on would never smell the same on someone else. Something in me reacted to her aroma; it made my body wake up and stand at attention. She was so sexy, so...potent. I was almost unable to handle how strongly she pulled at me. It was four months shy of my twenty-ninth birthday when I was first officially introduced to Alex Guidry though I'd seen her around the office periodically for nearly a year. The company we worked for had completed a merger three years before. After all the core synchronizations of policies and procedures, systems analysis and roll-over had been decided and implemented it was time to begin focusing energies on new initiatives. One such project was developing new sales and marketing software which would make the reporting process easier for the affected departments. The CFO had called me in and asked that I take point on the project. It was a tremendous opportunity that I naturally couldn't pass up. Despite an already swamped schedule I took on the additional role and prepared to give it 200%. After all, I had no social life and spent 70 hours a week in the office. What was another ten?

When Alex entered the room during the first planning meeting my eyes were drawn to her instantly. I had to work very hard to not stare at her. She was introduced after the company president announced her relocation to California. She was our VP of Information Systems and Networking and had been with the company for twelve years. I didn't catch much after that because our eyes met for a moment as she was given the names of each person in attendance. She looked at me, nodded then moved on but I felt like I was losing my mind just a little bit. It had been awhile since I'd felt that exciting jolt of instant lust however, my reaction to Alex was beyond even that. It took several minutes to pull myself back into clear focus on what my purpose was in the meeting. 

There were many meetings to attend during the planning phase, many phone conferences and email exchanges for roughly six weeks. During that time I held fast to my self-control and actively denied my attraction to her because she was a co-worker and I had very strict rules about fraternizing in the office. That's what I tried to sell to myself every time she entered my offer to discuss updates or get clarity on a suggestion I had submitted. In reality Alex made it harder to remember my personal decree every day. And she did it without trying. She never touched me, never looked at me in any way that made me feel she was assessing me or trying to decide if she liked what she saw; no heat ever entered her incredible eyes for me. Because she kept her distance, I could fantasize at night in the privacy of my home with my vibrator and her image in my mind's eye. 

Then one day shortly after the Thanksgiving holiday the dynamic of our relationship shifted and my real struggle began. It was subtle, an almost imperceptible difference, yet I knew it. I was extremely aware of it all the time. We worked in different departments but they were housed on the same floor in adjacent sections. Walking at a brisk pace, running behind schedule for a meeting, I rounded a corner too fast and ran directly into her. The recoil had me losing balance but she reached out quickly to steady me. Her hands are large. Alex is five feet nine inches, taller than average for a woman, and stocky. She's thick but it's a toned and solid thickness. I'm only five four, five six with my sensible work pumps. Her hands wrapped around my waist, her fingers overlapping one another. We were so close, for just that moment and my insides jellied. She smiled at me as she passed with a polite 'Sorry.' I think I nodded but I was concentrating rather intensely on staying on my feet so I can't be certain.

What I do know is that her scent had invaded me gently, deeply. And having it close enough to taste combined with a hint of the strength in her hands and arms was exhilarating. The potential for the press of her body beside mine, above mine, inside mine was clear to me in just that fleeting touch. I soaked my panties and could feel them sliding between the wet lips of my pussy, stroking my sensitized clit with each step I took until I reached orgasm just as I got inside my office and closed my door. I had to lean on it to hold myself up. 

I was useless at work the rest of that day. I went home that night and masturbated until I passed out; my body still dancing with need, demanding more to achieve satisfaction than I could give with just my toys. They weren't her and she was what I was craving. 

Chapter II: Winter 2010

From that day forward, we seemed to run into each other more frequently. She would smile at me and her eyes, like pools of warm chocolate, would dance. She'd strike up a conversation when we saw each other in the break room and even though it was all work related I felt special that she was talking to me. She had plenty of admirers at the job but I never heard any rumors about her with anyone. This didn't mean she was single but it did please me to know in the place we spent the most time in a given day, there was no one else who had her attention the way I wanted it, the way I started to dare to hope I might be able to have it.

For a few more weeks the frequency of our interactions increased and there twice the number of times we saw each other in passing where her gaze would meet mine directly with a smile in her eyes. Her flirtations were so subtle I found myself uncertain of whether or not I was being flirted with at all. It drove me crazy because, of course, I wanted her to be flirting with me. I wanted to know that I wasn't alone in this sea of desire. That need to know I wasn't by myself with this aching made me wonder if I was imagining there was something more than mere office politeness. Because I yearned for her, I fervently wished for her to want me too. I found myself dreaming about her almost nightly. I went from trying my best to avoid her to hoping I would run across her every time I stepped out of my office. 

It was the last Thursday of the year when we crossed the bridge into new territory. End of year close outs were always a nightmare but the software we'd implemented had cut the work down significantly. Still not everything had been converted or included in the product. On top of the cross platform reporting that I had to streamline into a single cohesive outline, the tedious process of making adjustments on both platforms that were necessary because of users failure to follow instructions and managements failure to catch the errors sooner, negated any time saving the software had afforded. I would be at work until 1 or 2 in the morning on New Year's Eve. I could have left around 9 and come in for a few hours the next day but for some reason I was determined to finish it all before I left. I really wanted to be able to relax without work in the back of my mind all weekend. It had been over two years since I had enjoyed a three day weekend. 

Having forced myself to take a breather to avoid a mental overload, I was eating my dinner when she came into the deserted break room. She wore a black suit that hung on her body so well it was clearly tailor-made. Her hair was recently cut and the dreadlocks lay back in neat rows down to her shoulders. "Hey! Working late huh?" She questioned sliding coins into the vending machine. I watched her while she couldn't see and partially hoped it was a quick stop for her. The other, bigger, more persistent part of me wanted her to sit down so I could smell her and hear the smooth richness of her voice. 

"Yeah. Year's end, you know how that goes." I answered. 

"Oh yeah. Do you mind if I join you for a few minutes? If I don't let my eyes uncross I'll stop being able to

understand the code on the screen soon." She told me. She turned toward me waiting for permission to come over. 

"No, I don't mind. When I finally go home, I'll be fixing myself a strong drink, running a bubble bath and soaking this week away." I told her. It was the most personal statement ever made between us. She began to move toward me. Her eyes locked onto mine and it was the first time she ever let her interest show. Not the interest given when someone really cares about what you're saying; she was always attentive. What I saw at that moment was the interest of stud for femme, woman for woman. It was nothing overt. Just the slightest shift in her expression and I knew. I felt it in the pit of my stomach. My heart beat faster the closer she got,

"What do you listen to while you relax in the tub?" She asked quietly while pulling out a chair and spinning it around so she could straddle it. Another ping of awareness that something with her had changed hit me. I realized it was there in her voice. Some nuance in her speech made me believe she was thinking of me in a bath; naked in steamy water, my hair piled atop my head, wet tendrils of the long, dark brown locks dancing in the water.

The blouse I'd worn that day was a V-neck that gave a tasteful hint of cleavage. I could almost feel her gaze like a caress when it briefly slid down to my breasts and wondered if she was imagining them peeking out above the foamy surface of the fragrant water I'd be lounging in. "It depends on my mood. I like a wide variety of music. Pop, rock, R&B, Neo soul, hip-hop, conscious rap, country, opera, show tunes." I stopped talking abruptly when I realized I was rambling. She smiled again and her dimples flashed in the perfectly smooth cocoa of her skin. 

"Okay. What mood do you have to be in for rock?" She inquired. 

"Pissed off, same goes for opera." I was excited by her desire to know more about my mentality as much as by her nearness. 

"I can get behind that." She informed me. An image of her bending me over the cafeteria table and pushing into me from the back flashed into my mind. I blushed and felt like a teenager correlating any mundane phrase to sex. "What about Neo soul?" She pressed on. Her eyes never left mine and in that moment, the directness of her gaze unlocked the chains on my inhibitions. I felt the concept of 'off-limits' slipping away. I didn't understand what I was feeling beyond the scope of intense need. But who I'd thought I was, what I'd thought I'd want was unraveling. I felt myself starting to conceive of being able to be bold enough to make my interest clear to her.

"Well, Neo soul, jazz, funk, blues, those come out when I'm feeling grown and restless." I answered. I knew my eyes were smiling wickedly at her. 

Two accounting reps entered. "Hey Alex." They greeted. I didn't know either of the females by anything more than name, but their infatuation with the tall stud was blatant upon their young faces. The fact that they pointedly did not say anything to me, spoke volumes. Alex waved but gave her attention fleetingly before turning back to me. I preened internally. I was only twenty-eight but I'd felt the bite of dismissal with the promise of barely legal pussy being given. It was nice to be the one commanding such attention. 

"Grown and restless huh? I think that's exactly how I'm feeling. I have to work tomorrow though." She said. 

"Short weekend. You know what that means right?" 

"Nah, what does it mean?" She inquired taking a sip of her water. I watched her lick a drop off her bottom lip and had to work not to drool or moan. 

"It means you have to make the most of it." I told her in a voice that had gone a little breathless.

Her eyes lit up at that. "Alex, Sandy is looking for you." One of the girls called as they headed back out the door. Alex sighed but stood. 

"See you later." She said returning the chair to its original position.. The promise in her words had me aching. I felt completely intoxicated. It was somewhat frightening that she affected me so easily and so thoroughly, yet at the same time, it thrilled and intrigued me. If she had even half the talent my gut told me she did, I would never forget the experience, no matter what came of it. That knowledge should have been more disturbing to me, but I was too far-gone.

I returned to my office and forced myself to finish my work. My libido wasn't allowed to interfere with the job I had to do. By one-thirty that morning, I was finished and exhausted. I packed my briefcase and turned to leave only to find Alex watching me. She leaned in the doorjamb, ankles crossed, hands in her pockets. She'd ditched her jacket, unbuttoned the second button on her shirt and rolled up her sleeves. She looked like temptation personified. "Hey." She said. 

"Hey." I managed. My legs were weak and I feared I wouldn't make it if I had to walk to where she stood. She stepped in and closed the door. 

"I was wondering if you'd be interested in getting together later this evening?" 

"Yes." I breathed. I could barely think straight but I did my best to keep my cool. 

"I should be done by six. So let's say eight? You like Thai food?" 

"Yes, actually." I answered. I was inordinately pleased that I didn't have to lie and somewhat bemused to realize I would have. If it would please her I wanted to do it, I wanted to be it. 

"Great. So you know, you just made it so I'll be making the most of my weekend." She said with an smile. 

"Glad to be of service. Let me give you my number." I offered and went back to my desk to jot it down.

I knew the moment she stepped behind me. I could feel her presence; could feel the heat of her body, the pulse of her energy tingling along my spine. I knew her eyes were caressing the line of my back, sliding over the roundness of my ass. I didn't get much in the breast department; I barely manage to fill a B cup. When it comes to hips, ass and thighs, however, I am blessed. At that moment I was more cognizant of my physical appeal than ever before. 

Alex didn't touch me, didn't give the sense of hovering but she made me so very aware. Not just of her, but of myself, of both of our bodies. I handed her my number and she slid her fingers lightly across mine as she accepted the slip of paper. I shivered and smiled shyly. "Thanks. I'll call for directions when I'm on my way." She said softly. 

"Okay." I agreed feeling delirious with surreal pleasure. 

Alex escorted me to my car because the number of people in the 15 story building was less than a dozen including cleaning staff and security. I appreciated her gentlewomanliness and thanked her when she helped me into the drivers seat. "Drive safe." I nodded and pulled away before I begged her to fuck me right there. While it would no doubt be hot, I was too classy to have her first time taking me be in a cold creepy parking garage. I went home, soaked in my tub, drank my Remy Martin Red and dreamed about Alex when I slept. In my dream, she stood behind me in front of a mirrored wall. I was naked and she wore the clothes I'd last seen her in. She was pressed against me, touching me. My eyes wanted to drift closed but she whispered in my ear and told me to watch. She squeezed my nipples and I moaned. My pussy is plump and when aroused my clit protrudes from the thick lips and pulses rhythmically between them. Even in the dream, I could feel that throbbing. She stroked my body slowly, taking her time. She touched me everywhere except between my legs, teased me mercilessly. I was aflame. "Do you see yourself? So sexy. You don't yet, but you will." She said to my reflection. The orgasm that overtook me ripped me from sleep. I fell back against the bed soaking wet and panting. When I went back to sleep I didn't dream again. 

When I woke, I showered and groomed myself then ran errands in the morning. I came home and cleaned. By four-thirty I was on my back porch reading a book and enjoying the mild breeze. My phone rang at five. "Hello?" 

"Hey there. I got off sooner than expected. Are you busy or can I interest you in an earlier start?" Alex inquired. Her voice was a rich honeyed alto and even over the phone it affected me. 

"No, I'm not busy." 

"Okay, I was thinking I could grab the food on the way there. I should warn you, I'm a bit of a bore. Most weekends I make it a blockbuster event." She admitted. I grinned to myself. 

"It's okay. I'm pretty much the same way. I'll run errands, clean up, sit on the porch and read 'til the sun goes down or play in my veggie garden. Most of my friends are married or in serious relationships so we don't get to spend as much time together and I left the club scene awhile ago." I told her. She exhaled and I realized she'd been worried I wouldn't be interested once I knew she was a homebody. I was flattered that she wanted me enough to be worried. Make no mistake; I knew what would happen when she came over that day. We'd spent months moving steadily toward that moment. 

"Excellent. Well, what kind of movies are you in to?" 

"I love a good suspense/thriller." I told her. 

"I'll bring a few to choose from." She offered. I gave her directions and we hung up.

Around six Alex arrived at my house carrying bags of delicious smelling food and a large CD case full of movies. "Smells terrific." I said. I took the DVD's leaving her to carry the take-out. She followed me into the kitchen where we dished out food. We talked and she asked me about the end of year outcome. I told her I'd made some notes to write up and send to her. We laughed over some of the more comical fuck-ups in our respective departments as we headed into the living room. It felt natural and nice having her in my space.

She wore a pair of straight-legged jeans and a black polo with black Timberland boots. Her hair was pulled back out of her face. I wanted to rip her clothes off. I'd treated myself to a 50-inch wall mounted plasma television for my last birthday. Alex whistled appreciatively when she saw it. "A woman after my own heart." She commented. I blushed. We took a seat on the floor in front of the couch and I flipped through the movies she'd brought. I was half way through the book when I realized every movie there was a suspense flick. The woman had either a lot of movies or a real love for the genre. I finally settled on a classic, Cape Fear. 

We ate in silence as we watched. When it ended, I was much closer to her than I had started out as each heart pounding moment moved me toward her. I stood and walked to the DVD player to remove the movie. Once again, I knew when she came to stand behind me. "To risk sounding presumptuous, am I mistaken in thinking there is an attraction between us?" She asked resting her hands on my hips. I lost all brain function for a moment. 

"No, you aren't." I finally said. Her hands were again encircling my waist. I trembled with need and wondered if Alex felt it. Her thumbs gently stroked my sides. No woman had ever touched me so simply and made my entire body respond. I straightened and turned to face her when she flexed her fingers. I didn't question how I knew what she wanted, I just responded. "I'd like to be grown with you tonight." She said. Her eyes were achingly beautiful. She allowed me for the first time to fully see her desire and it matched my own. My pussy fluttered. 

"I'd like that too." I practically whispered. Her lips touched mine and I let go of my restraint. I would be whatever she wanted me to be, I would take whatever she gave me. The way she kissed me I knew I would love every minute of it. She pressed our bodies together and finally, I could feel her against me. I wanted to feel her skin but my strength betrayed me as she feasted on my mouth. 

She slid her hands beneath my shirt and I moaned. The reality of her touch on my bare skin was delicious. The part of my mind that would normally have been screaming that Alex was a co-worker and I was breaking one of my cardinal rules was silent. From the first moment her scent had grabbed me, I'd known that eventually I would lose the fight to resist her. Now that the time had come, there was no point in arguing with myself about it. I wanted this woman with an intensity I'd thought could only be found in stories. Her full, soft lips left mine and moved down to my neck. I moaned. Her tongue moved over one of my most sensitive areas and caused a delightfully shivery sensation to ripple though me. I was pliant in her arms. Only her hands wrapped around me kept me standing. "I've got countless fantasies built up about you and lots of freaky things I want to do, but this first time, I want you in a bed. I want to take my time." She whispered in my ear. Her words, I can hardly explain. I'm a firm believer that sex is mostly mental. Well, good sex is anyway. I hadn't really had any lovers who completely subscribed to that school of thinking. 
