 Two days! One Night! That's all it takes to fall in love, to feel the greatest lust on the face of this earth and in the universe. No I am not over exaggerating. I was having the worst month of my life. Everything seemed to be going wrong and I hated myself for not dealing with it well. 

"Kaye what's wrong with you, this letter you typed for me has errors, so many damn errors, I swear you must of been fucking drunk!" yelled my boss, Mike, through his office door. Loud enough for the entire building to hear I'm sure.

I calmly walked to his office, because I am that type of person, I don't get overdramatic around others. 

"Geez Mike, did you have to yell that loud. I am not drunk nor was I drunk when I typed that, I am just having a bad week." I pleaded, although I said a week, it had been over three. 

"Aww, poor fucking lesbian, if I knew you were straight I'd make you suck my dick right now!" he smirked at me. I knew he was a jerk and I didn't want to work for him, but I had no choice. Everyone in town knew I was a lesbian, what the heck was I gonna do. Job after job they closed the door on me and wouldn't hire me because of my sexual preference. What a bunch of crock right? It used to be simple to get a job, but lately more and more people have begun to hate lesbian and gays. They ask you about it on your application, and if you answer falsely you'll have to hide it the entire time you work there. I wasn't ashamed, I refused to lie about my preference.

Anyway I lost it right then and there, "Damn you! I've tried to be polite but this has gone too far, don't ever say that sort of thing to me in this office or any. I am not a bitch, take your letter and stuff it up your ass, I quit!"

Now you know I am not the type of person to get overdramatic, but it is absolutely necessary when you are quitting a job, to humiliate the boss, especially if he humiliates you first.

As soon as I got to my car, a 2000 Mustang convertible. Red of course! I was near the breaking point. I hadn't cried for some time and this incident was trying to make it happen for me. 

Just before I started to burst into the tears, a beautiful lady, long legs, revealed tummy and juicy lips, appeared at my car door.

"I heard what happened up there with you and the boss man," she seductively announced through my window.

"Who are you?" I asked a bit, if not a lot curious.

"I'm just a friend." She looked deep into my eyes and leaned down practically inside of my car.

"Have I seen you before?" I backed away a bit nervous. I knew some pretty aggressive woman, and I wasn't about to trust anyone I didn't know.

Although she did look really HOT! Her green eyes took my breathe away, as I saw them revealed when she moved closer.

"No, I don't work in this office building, I work at the one across the way. Word gets around fast, in this part of town," she licked her lips and seemed to be asking me with her eyes and body language if she could come around and join me in my car. I am very affluent with body language. I looked at her quizzically, handing her a slight smile.

"It's nice for your concern, but I'll be quite fine, I am not incompetent, I'll find work again quickly."

"It's not that I'm worried about. I know you've been having a terrible few weeks, in the social and professional setting. I'd like to offer you a getaway."

"How do you know I've been having a bad month?" she seemed psychic, it wigged me out.

"I know, I've been watching you for some time. I really really want you come over to my home for lunch, right now." her body was begging me!

"Right now? Shouldn't you be at work?"

"No I'm all yours." I questioned her actions for what appeared like several minutes, but in reality only took me a second to answer,

"Lets go then!"

Whoa, most spontaneous thing I ever did in my life! What was I thinking? I tell you know, I don't regret it.

She claimed she didn't have a car and would gladly tell me directions to her home. First of all, the not having a car thing led me to believe her house would be pretty bad. Boy was I wrong.

"Here we are." she boasted, I could tell she took great pride in her residence.

"Wow! This house is amazing, I haven't even seen the inside!" It was amazing, three story's high, with balconies and patios. I tell you I nearly fainted.

"Do you live here alone?" I asked.

"Yes I do, it's a wonderful home but can be very lonely. That is why I offered you a retreat."

Soon we were in her home and she offered me a tour. I gladly took up her offer because I was eager to see the inside of the beautiful home. We arrived at the hot tub room, where the little pool had already been warmed. She asked me ever so politely to join her in a relaxing afternoon in the spa.

"But I don't have a bathing suit with me." I frowned in despair.

"Who says you need one, this tub is nude only." I took a double take, and a deep breathe, finding her completely naked already. It wasn't that she was ugly, quite the contrary. She was incredible, and I hadn't seen a naked woman before me in nearly five months. Yet, this was totally a different feeling. Her lovely face was added to by her outstanding breast, that were accented with puffy light brown nipples. 

I wanted her so bad, but I didn't even know her. I'm especially fond of breast and these were without a doubt the best I'd ever seen. Better than my little 34 B's. 

"Well are you coming or not?" she held out her arms to me. I hadn't realized I'd been staring at her for so long.

"I'm sorry, this is just so sudden, I just met you." She grabbed my hands and before I had a chance to object she had her arms around my waist and was kissing me dead on my lips. 

You have no idea how good this felt. Ever since I first saw those lips, and how juicy they were I couldn't resist, I dove in and kissed her right back.

"So you want this to?" she asked as we finally departed lips. 

"Absolutely! Those lips of yours are just good enough to eat!" she smiled and went to kiss me again, but I stopped her. I realized I still hadn't gotten her name. I couldn't give myself to her without knowing her name.

"What's wrong" she pouted.

"I didn't get your name, tell me what it is."

"Oh, its Macie" she sighed relief.

"Beautiful, just like you."

"What's yours?"

"Kaye, but you can call me whatever you want, I want you so bad."

"Kaye…nice, I love it"

I smiled and went in to kiss her again. I could touch her body any way I wanted, she was undressed you know. But I still had that touch of mystery. It didn't last long though, within minutes, my clothes were removed.

There was so much heat in the room, but I couldn't make love to my Macie in the hot tub, so I carried her into a bedroom, the closest I could find out of the seven.

I lay her on the bed, very silky sheets. Slowly crawling up her body, kissing her along the way. Stopping at her belly button to have a taste and at each nipple to do the same. I had taken charge in someone else's house, with someone else. I was the boss.

Lost in my idea of dominancy, I crunched down her nipples, and made her scream. I could hear a faint sound of, owwie your hurting me just a little but oh does it feel good.

I was lost in it all. My hands roamed her body, over her tummy and down to her precious cargo between the two docks where it harbored. Quickly I found her clitoris, because I quite experienced. I circled it and rubbed it, slow at first and eventually to murderous. 

I could hear her scream, and scream and her legs tried to close but I was not yet through. She was screaming for me to stop now but I knew she wanted more. I slowed and halted to a stop, when I heard her crying so hard, she could barely breathe. 

Then I heard the sigh of relief, after a long silence.

"Oh My God, You tried to kill me didn't you!" she asked me. 

"No, I'm gonna try to do that now." 

I grabbed her legs and slid her body down to the edge of the bed so her legs hung off. I knew it would be easy because her juices had flowed so much that it made like a childhood water slide.

"No, I'm not ready, Please Not right now!" she pleaded. I held her legs open and ran a finger up and down her slit, she was plenty wet.

"Feels like you are to me." I said with my evil grin.

I push my head between her thighs and sucked on her clit. I knew it was still very sensitive when she came right away or it could have just been her excitement over the way I was treating her.

As the cum flowed out I hungrily sucked it up and slid my tongue as deep as I could into her hole. She moaned at this. I continued to suck on her clit and she had continuous orgasms through the afternoon into the night. Eventually I let her be, but it was not that I didn't want to continue but that I knew I would kill her if I kept going any longer. Later that night she kissed me very gently and sweetly, so as to tell me she enjoyed herself.

********

We must have fallen asleep, because just at One thirty that same night, I awakened by this amazing feeling. Lips On MY LEFT NIPPLE and a hand between my legs. My eyes shot open, because of the orgasm.

"What do you think your doing?" I inquired to my Macie.

"Just paying you back!" And boy was she, another orgasm shot through me as she begin to finger me. I moaned incredibly loud. In the midst of my second orgasm, there were tiny kisses that led down to my private area and onto my clit. Which was terribly sensitive by now. Macie was going to me just what I had done to her, she seemed to go on forever and I was in a continuous cycle of orgasms. But from my mouth you didn't hear stop, you heard the name of my new lover who has taken care of me ever since.