 I was surprised as well as a little shocked when Jessica made a pass at me during a sleepover. It was just a kiss, but wow! I had never tasted lips quite that soft and sweet. Actually, my experience up until now had been pretty limited. 

There didn't seem to be any harm in simply making out; a little experimentation might be healthy. At least, that's what Jessica claimed. Jessica's luscious French kiss was better than anything I had experienced with the few boys I've dated. There really wasn't anything to worry about. Jessica has many boyfriends, and certainly isn't queer or anything. I wasn't a lesbian. Jessica explained that once in a while we are entitled to have a little "innocent girl fun." Then after a few more soulful kisses, she began to undress me. 

I thought to myself, "okay, but only down to bra and panties." If Jessica wanted to see my body that bad, there was no reason for me to be such a prudish spoilsport. It would be worth a laugh as long as it didn't go too far. What was the big deal, anyway? We'd seen each other naked many times in gym class.

A few minutes later she coyly fingered my belly button, and asked if I liked it. I giggled and said yes, even though I was a little embarrassed. To be honest, it made me sort of wet. Such an unexpected pleasure. Maybe my bra could come off as long Jessica let me remove her's too. 

The more we kissed, the thought of seeing Jessica's bare nipples started to make me very wet. I wondered how they might feel pressing and rubbing against my own. Without any further urging, I slowly unhooked my bra and let it fall to the ground. Normally I tend to be rather shy when it comes to exposing myself, but this felt like the right thing to do. Perhaps this kind of experimentation would be a good learning experience, considering that it would never ever happen again in a million years. Might as well go for it.

Jessica's eyes widened as she gazed at my naked breasts. It felt good that my body could turn another girl on like this. To my delight, Jessica reached behind her back, and removed her top as well. Now we were two naughty girls having a little bare-breasted innocent girl fun.

Jessica leaned forward, and tentatively licked each of my nipples. She looked up and gave me a leering smile. I involuntarily gasped when she applied light pinches with her thumb and forefinger to my right nipple while sweetly suckling the left one. My nipples got bigger and harder than I had ever seen or felt before. I thought they would pop off my chest as each slow lap of Jessica's tongue around the areolas was followed by rapid titty flicks.  She pressed her breasts to mine and began to deftly sway back and forth allowing the tips of our fully-erect nipples to make contact. Every time her large brown nipples touched my large pink ones it caused an electrically charged sexual spark.

"What's next?," she mused.

Without waiting for an answer, she placed languid wet kisses all over my tummy and abdomen. She stopped and gazed lovingly at my mid-section.

"I think this little button on your belly needs some serious attention. Just looking at it gets me so friggin' hot." 

Jessica directed her tongue all around the perimeter and then directly inside. She found my belly knot that was hidden just below the upper edge of my navel, wiggled her tongue, and introduced me to the delights of a lusty belly button kiss.

"I could lick your belly button all night," she cooed.

Letting a girl like Jessica take such audacious liberties with my body felt liberating. No one had ever done this to me before. I'm eighteen, and still a virgin. No boy had ever gotten this far with me yet. First Jessica's mouth and fingers were all over my nipples and now she was actually licking my belly button! She was obviously loving every minute of it. 

And so was I.

When Jessica decided to peel off my panties, I couldn't find the will to put up any resistance. We both laughed when she hung them around my big toe, and I waved my foot around. "Now we're really gonna have some innocent girl fun," she giggled. "Just lay back and enjoy it. Spread your legs and let me do the rest."  ￼

She gently pressed her lips to my glistening vagina, and ran her tongue up and down the slit. I could hear her breathing heavily. I became aware of my own heavy panting as Jessica lasciviously sampled my wet pussy. Her arms stretched forward so that her fingertips could stimulate my nipples at the same time. This triggered a wave of pleasure that exceeded anything I had ever experienced while masturbating. I was having my first real orgasm. The release from my climax surprised me. It was so overwhelming that I burst into tears.

Jessica could hardly contain herself. "This is so awesome. I haven't even licked your clit yet."

While choking back tears of ecstasy, I kept my legs spread and let her continue. She fingered me while using her lips to nibble softly around the clitoral hood.

"There it is," she said. "There's that little man in the boat I've been looking for. Look, he's standing up!"

I suppressed an urge to moan, but when her tongue repeatedly massaged my love button, she had me whimpering aloud. It felt like I was speaking in tongues as my carnal juices flowed freely. This forbidden pleasure exceeded and obliterated all semblance of shame and guilt for being naked and letting myself be used like this. For the next twenty minutes she made me cum again and again even though I knew it was wrong.

Jessica had led me into sin. There was nothing innocent about this kind of fun. She had led me into sin for her own selfish gratification, and ultimately for mine. I could never change the fact that I had willingly lain nude and compliant to the lecherous ways of another girl. I could never change the fact that I had willingly allowed her to taste my nipples, my belly button, my vagina, and my clitoris. That's what I did. I allowed another girl to lick my nipples, my belly button, my vagina, and my clitoris. Nobody forced me.

And it felt so damn good. 

We kissed. I could taste the sweetness of my sin and my body on her tongue.

Jessica stood up. I knelt and kissed her belly while my hands anxiously reached out and peeled off her thong.

Now it was my turn.