 Hi Everyone,

This story is part 2 and continues directly from where part 1 ended. I advise reading part 1 before reading this story. Part 1 can be found by visiting my author profile page.

Thanks and hope you enjoy, love and licks, Lucy XXX

* * * * * * * * * *

Chapter 1: Good night Sinthia

That night as Sinthia drifted off to sleep her mind was swimming. She was shocked at what had happened to her that night, but she was happy too. She had never thought about another girl sexually before that night, having been to an all girls boarding school she knew that sort of thing went on, she had plenty of friends who had made out with girls, but she had never tried it herself.

That night she had not only seen one of her fellow reps having sex with three other girls but she had also not only had her first kiss with a girl but she had had sex with one.

Sinthia relived in her mind the amazing orgasm she had enjoyed, she remembered Heidi's skilled tongue in her pussy, making her feel so; so good, circling her pussy, getting her wet, flicking around her pussy until finally her new Swiss friend found her clit with that amazing tongue of hers and made her come harder than she had ever done before. She thought about that first time Tina had kissed her and all the hot kisses they had had whilst Heidi was between her legs. Then she thought about that long slow kiss Tina and Heidi had had right over her face and Tina licking her lips after tasting Sinthia's pussy juice on Heidi's lips. 

As she was replaying this all in her head it suddenly dawned on Sinthia that she had been fingering herself for the past 10 minutes and she was close to coming. She replayed it all again in her mind as she brought herself to a delicious slow gentle orgasm. Sinthia fell asleep satisfied dreaming about her two new friends and what they had all done together.

That night after Tina and Heidi had kissed they climbed off the bed. The girls took off the remainder of the tired, drunk and dazed girls clothes and helped her into her night dress. They tucked her into bed, threw her clothes in the laundry basket sat at the bottom of Sinthia's open wardrobe and left a glass of water next to her bed before creeping out and turning out the light.

* * * * * * * * *

Chapter 2: Sinthia's first day as a rep

The next morning Sinthia awoke in a haze, had the night before really happened? was it just a drunken dream? She wasn't sure. As she stepped into the shower she realised her legs and pubic hair were a little sticky, but as she had woken up with her hand between her legs she thought maybe that was down to her rather than to Heidi's tongue.

After her shower Sinthia dressed and hurried down to breakfast, she only had a few minutes until her first shift started at 10AM so she quickly ate before hurrying back to her room to finish getting ready. She arrived in reception at 9.59 a little out of breath but relieved not to have been late on her first day. She sat down to gather her breath as Vicky the rep manager walked in.

"Ah Sinthia, it's your first day isn't it? well glad to see you're on time, that's a promising sign, you wouldn't believe how many reps are late on their first day." Vicky smiled at the new girl, she couldn't help stealing a glance at Sinthia's cute little ass as she passed the girl, no, look away she thought to herself and hurried to her office to spend the morning going through dull paperwork to bore her mind into behaving itself.

Tina strolled into reception with a broad smile,

"Hey Sinthia, how are you feeling this morning?" asked the dark haired girl,

"Okay thanks, relieved not to have been late." Said Sinthia with a slight smile.

"cool, lets go then," Said Tina,

"we've got it easy today, we're on meet and greet at the airport. That means we go to and from the airport to meet groups of guests and bring them here. We'll be doing 4 runs, it's boring, but it's easy and unless the last flight is delayed it means we'll actually be finished about 20 minutes before our shift is due to end at 6." Explained Tina as the girls hurried out to the empty coach.

When they got to the coach Sinthia was shocked as waiting for them on the coach were Heidi and Kim, Kim the tall American rep Sinthia had seen having sex with 3 of the guests from a lesbian hen party the night before.

Tina put a reassuring hand on Sinthia's shoulder and guided her along the coach to the back seat where Kim and Heidi joined them within seconds. Heidi quickly pulled across the curtains that drew across the isle in front of the back seat to shield that long seat from the rest of the bus.

"As we get the coach to ourselves for the next 40 minutes we can do whatever we like, so we always come to the back of the coach out of the drivers view so we can play cards, or drink or whatever." Tina explained to reassure Sinthia.

"Even though there are no passengers here we are still on duty so if the driver saw us breaking the rules they could report it and we would be in a lot of trouble." Heidi added.

Sinthia was a little nervous around Kim after what she had seen the night before but the fact that she was by the window on one side with both Tina and Heidi between her and Kim, who was by the opposite window, did make her feel a little safer.

"Sinthia, this is Kim, and yes she is the girl you saw last night!" Smiled Heidi.

"Hi Sinthia, did you enjoy my little show last night?" asked Kim mischievously,

"I, I, um" Stuttered Sinthia.

"I think it shocked her a bit, but it definitely turned her on too." Smiled Tina as facing Kim just out of Sinthia's view she licked her lips.

Kim smiled back at Tina and to Sinthia's shock the American girl grasped her own left breast and started to squeeze and play with it.

"Don't worry Sinthia, I'm not about to grab you," Laughed Kim with a big smile on her face,

"although by the smile on Heidi's face at breakfast this morning I'm guessing her and Tina might have done last night" she continued with a giggle.

With her free hand Kim took Sinthia's hand and squeezed it gently with another smile,

"Those girls last night were drunk, horney and slutty, I saw an opportunity to have some fun, and girl did I enjoy it! I'm not some kind of predator though, I would never make a girl or a boy for that matter do anything they didn't want to do." Explained the tall American.

The girls sat for a few minutes and talked about the events of the night before, what was going to happen during the next few hours and gossiped about what they thought of Vicky the resort's new rep manager. During the conversation they turned to the kind of girls or boys they all found attractive, it quickly became clear to all of them that where as Sinthia was definitely very confused as to her interest in girls and that she appeared to have some sort of attraction to Tina and Heidi, she certainly didn't fancy Kim. She did like the American girl though and both girls thought they could end up as good friends in time.

About 20 minutes into the journey Heidi was feeling a little turned on especially as she was sitting next to Kim who had continued the whole time fondling her own breasts. The Swiss girl took even Kim by surprise when she suddenly pulled Kim's loose fitting work t-shirt away from her stomach, she shoved her head up under the t-shirt and moved the girls bra up her chest so it hung limply just below her neck and took her right breast into her mouth.

Kim let out a satisfied moan as Heidi sucked on her nipple. The American girl was teased by Heidi's talented tongue as it licked and flicked over the tip of the nipple over and over again before the Swiss girl started to suck on the nipple again. This continued until the coach slowed to park at the airport.

As Sinthia and Tina watched the other two girls Tina leaned close to Sinthia and spoke quietly,

"If you hadn't already guessed Kim is probably the wildest girl who works at the resort, I've never met anyone who needs as much sex as that girl does." laughed Tina,

"But she was telling the truth when she said she'd never do anything against anyone's will, or at least not to any rep anyway, a pain in the ass guest is another matter!" Tina smiled,

"Infact Kim is a really good girl to be friends with, she's very protective of her friends and not many girls or even guys like to stand up to her as she is so tall everyone assumes she could kick some serious ass, although I've never seen her actually have to use violence on anyone, just the threat always does the trick." Explained Tina

After a few more minutes of watching the two girls Tina moved in closer and put her arm around Sinthia with her face right next to the nervous girl's face. As Tina breathed gently on the back of Sinthia's neck and then behind her ear Sinthia noticed two things, firstly she had started to feel quite excited by Tina and secondly that Kim had now taken her free hand and put it up Heidi's t-shirt and was clearly now playing with the shorter girl's breasts causing Heidi to let out occasional moans of pleasure herself.

Sinthia felt nervous as Tina brought her face directly in front of hers and leaned in and gently kissed her. Tina held her lips there in a long slow kiss, after a few seconds Tina edged out her tongue and teased Sinthia's mouth open. As their tongues met and Tina tenderly explored Sinthia's mouth the two girls suddenly felt comfortable, happy, as one. They continued to kiss as the other two continued playing with each others breasts.

Sinthia was kissing another girl whilst sober for the first time, she was glad Tina was sensitive to her nervousness and realised what was going through her mind and never tried to take it any further. She felt more comfortable too because the other two girls to her surprise had not gone further than breast play and snogging so she wasn't having to watch anything that particularly shocked her.

As the bus slowed into the airport car park the girls separated from each other, Tina slouched back onto the seat with a satisfied smile! and decided she would be in charge by taking the clip board from where they had left it and drawing back the curtains that had kept them all out of the driver's view. The other pair where busy adjusting bra's and making themselves look respectable, as they were also still quite turned on they were both pleased that Tina was taking the lead.

The girls quickly walked off the coach once it had stopped making sure to pick up 4 big pieces of card with the resort name on them. Inside the airport they held up the card shouting the name of the resort every so often and as guests came over to them they were ticked off one by one from the check lists they all had. Once they had compared lists and found everyone they were waiting for the guests were lead onto the coach. Unlike the first journey this time Kim was paired with the newbie Sinthia and the two of them stayed at the front of the coach. Tina and Heidi were working together near the back of the coach. They simply had to make sure there was no trouble on the way back to the resort and they each took turns every few minutes using the coaches public address system to give the guests information about the resort. 

Once they reached the resort they took the guests to each hotel, Kim took people across to hotel A, Heidi to hotel B and the two smallest girls Tina and Sinthia went to Hotel C. Once all those guests were checked in they collected the groups from the same hotels who were going back to the airport.

This continued throughout the day with 3 more journeys to and from the hotel with a packed coach each time, it was pretty dull and uneventful and the girls didn't get to talk out of everyone else's earshot so Sinthia had time to reflect on what had happened that morning between herself and Tina. 

Tina's prediction earlier in the day was accurate, the last flight they were meeting was on time and they did finish work about 20 minutes early as she had hoped.

The girls agreed to meet up at 7pm to go out for a few drinks. Sinthia took her time changing and made sure she looked good, she even had a quick snack before leaving as she had always found she got too drunk too quickly if she drank with an empty stomach.

She hurried next door to Tina's room at almost ten past seven hoping the other girls wouldn't be annoyed that she was late, Tina let her in with a smile and she saw Heidi and Kim already inside pouring tequila into 4 shot glasses.

"Just in time, get over here and down some of this before we leave." Smiled Kim cheerfully.

After 3 or 4 shots of tequila each Tina grabbed her keys and announced that it was time to go. The girls spent the next three hours in a loud bar full of scantily dressed girls and boys trying to grope them. The loud dance music pumped out of the huge speakers and the 4 girls spent the time dancing around, both with each other and various random boys and girls. At one point Kim disappeared off with a tall man into the toilets for 20 minutes and when she returned she had a big smile on her face.

"Ummmm, that was fun!" She told the girls,

"I love sex with girls but sometimes I just need a big hard cock inside me." She smiled and licked her lips at the memory.

The other 3 girls laughed at Kim's bluntness and the smile that crossed Heidi's lips showed that she liked the sound of that and was definitely still into boys as well as girls.

At about 10.30 Kim grabbed Sinthia by the arm and Tina and Heidi quickly followed them out of the noisy bar. As they got outside Kim explained to Sinthia that as they had to work the next day they should go back to the resort and have a few more quiet drinks at the hotel bar so they wouldn't be in too bad shape for work the next day.

They went into Hotel C and entered the bar, Heidi fetched a round of drinks and they took a seat at an empty table in a quiet corner. Tina explained that they were in Hotel C as it was the family hotel meaning they wouldn't be pestered so much by guests trying to score with them. Sinthia observed that it was mainly men in the bar, clearly Dad's leaving the kids upstairs with the Mum's whilst they had a drink. 

A while later Tina went to get their third round of drinks and returned with 2 other reps in tow.

"Girls this is Sinthia," She said and pointed to Sinthia,

"Sinthia, this is Matilda and Veronica." As Tina said this the girls in turn reached out to shake Sinthia's hand.

Tina explained that Matilda and Veronica had been on duty in the bar that night. She explained that every night 2 reps were on duty in each of the hotel bars and they were responsible for fetching drinks for guests, making sure everyone was okay and stopping any trouble that might develop. They were due to finish at midnight but as it was quiet they were going to hang with the girls until they could leave.

Sinthia looked the two girls over, Matilda was clearly Australian, she was 5 ft 5, she had blonde hair tied in a pony tale, a pretty face and nice breasts and a slightly plump stomach and ass. Sinthia thought the girl could probably stand to lose a few pounds and was clearly enjoying the excesses this lifestyle could offer, but Sinthia also couldn't help thinking what a cute bum the girl had! why was she so interested in the plump ass of this girl she hardly knew? Why was she now thinking she would love to see that with no clothes covering it up? She realised she was staring at it and snapped herself out of it. Not before Kim had clearly noticed,

"You like her ass don't you!" Whispered Kim with a giggle,

"look whose turning into a naughty girl! You want to pull down her panties and bite that fat bum of hers don't you!" She laughed as she whispered this.

"Don't worry I won't tell anyone I caught you staring, you know Heidi has actually seen her bare ass don't you?" The American girl teased.

Sinthia suddenly remembered that when the girls had been telling her their initiation stories Tina's had been about seeing a plump Australian girl called Matilda in a 69 position with a girl chained to the bed beneath her.

"Oh yeh, it was when they initiated her last year wasn't it." Sinthia said quietly.

"Yeh, she saw her with another girl, um, bet that's got you even more excited now, knowing she definitely likes girls as well as boys!". Kim whispered right in her ear whilst running her fingers over the excited Sinthia's lower arm playfully. 

Veronica was clearly English, Sinthia reckoned she was from Leeds or at least somewhere in Yorkshire but she didn't have a particularly strong accent. She was a red head, about 5 ft 6, she had shortish hair and very nice size 36C breasts and unlike Matilda, Veronica was quite skinny. Both girls Sinthia learned were 23 years old and were third year reps, although this was Veronica's first year in this particular resort.

The group of now 6 girls had a couple more drinks before leaving for bed at around 12.30. They all went to their separate rooms, even Kim didn't try it on with anyone, she must have been tired thought Sinthia.

* * * * * * * * *

Chapter 3: Learning the tricks of the trade

The next day Sinthia had a restful morning, lying in bed until late, sending a few e-mails to Calista, Felicity, Alexandra and some of her other friends and catching up on her favourite British TV shows on the television set in her room. One of the perks of the job was the reps all got the full cable package the hotel paid for in their rooms.

At 2 o'clock Sinthia was in reception waiting to find out what she was set to do that day. Matilda, Veronica, Tina and Heidi greeted her. The five of them were working together on firstly helping guests to their rooms when they first arrived and then they would be on bar duty in the evening. Sinthia realised this must mean she was on a 10 hour shift as bar duty lasted until midnight.

The girls hurried out to the parking area just as a coach was arriving, Kim and another girl who Sinthia didn't know yet were ushering passengers off what was clearly a families only coach. Kim winked at Sinthia and gave her the thumbs up sign before hurrying off for a quick break before she had to return to the airport.

For the rest of the afternoon the five girls were busy getting guests to their rooms, Sinthia in turn worked with each girl and even a couple of times on her own as the girls split up as there was no need for all 5 of them to help each guest individually.

By 6.45 they had the last guest checked in which meant they got 45 minutes to have some food and a rest before starting on bar duty.

They each went back to their rooms to change and met in the restaurant in Hotel A at 7. Sinthia loved the fact that reps could order any food they wanted and didn't have to pay for it. She didn't have time to be choosy that evening though as she only had a few minutes.

When they had finished eating Heidi picked up the clipboard with the duty roster on it,

"As there are five of us to cover 2 bars we should split into one group of 3 and one group of 2. It would be best for the group of 2 to cover the bar area in hotel C as it's families and less likely to have trouble." Heidi explained.

The other girls all nodded their agreement at this suggestion,

"As the new girl Sinthia should probably be in the group in Hotel C." Tina suggested,

"I'll work with her if you want as I was in there last night." Volunteered Matilda.

The other girls agreed and after a couple of minutes they all got up and split into their two groups as they set off for the other two hotels.

As Matilda and Sinthia walked Matilda told Sinthia what they would be doing and that if she had any questions she should just ask rather than trying to guess what to do. The Australian girl also told Sinthia that she would teach her one or two tricks that would make the difficult guests easier to cope with.
