 Part 3: A Day at the Beach

It was a hot day in August, the kind that brings people to the beautiful beaches on Long Island.

I and Sandy packed beach equipment after the usual early-morning breakfast of coffee, eggs, and...pussy.

Yes, it's become standard procedure for us to have oral sex to start each day. I brush my teeth *before* oral sex, rather than afterwards, because I want the taste of her pussy to linger in my mouth.

Sandy held up some things from the toy bag. "Should I pack strap-ons along with the towels and suntan lotion, Beth?"

"Sure, I replied, "maybe we'll get a chance to use them, you hot bitch."

"I'll take that as a compliment," she said.

"I meant it that way. I'm very happy with you, lover."

We embraced and kissed before continuing to pack.

I drove while Sandy played with my tits. It's hard to concentrate on the road that way, but it wasn't so bad because it was Tuesday, when the roads aren't busy heading out to the Island. Weekends are hell, with heavy traffic and crowded beaches. 

"Think we can find a private spot?" Sandy asked.

"I think so, hon. I'd like to take everything off and work on my tan."

The parking lot at Jones Beach wasn't crowded when we pulled in. I figured that we could walk to isolated dunes, remove our bathing suits, and have fun while enjoying the sun.

We carried our beach bags away from the parking area and into the dunes.

"Do they allow nude bathing here?" she asked, as we walked.

"Nope."

"But you just said..."

"Sandy, I don't give a shit about the stupid regulations. Nobody will know what we're doing back in here. Get your clothes off, and hand me the suntan lotion."

Not surprisingly, after baking for a while in the hot sun, Sandy pulled out a strap-on and used it on me. I lay back on the blanket and spread my legs for her. Since I introduced her to the joys of fucking with a strap-on, Sandy's become a fanatic. Don't get me wrong, I love to have her fuck me, and I do the same to her. Whoever invented the strap-on deserves a Goddam medal!

Before using the strap-on, she kissed my breasts and bit my nipples, not hard enough to cause real damage, but hard enough to make me squirm. I think there's a direct connection between my nipples and my pussy; I get wet whenever she does that to me. 

As she fucked me with "Blue Boy", I heard a loud noise overhead. Squinting against the bright sun, I managed to make out a low-flying helicopter. The damn thing circled around us. I could make out a big camera pointed out the window. At first I figured it was some kind of weirdo, but a loudspeaker on the helicopter gave us the real story.

"This is Officer Williams in the chopper. You two are breaking the rules! Stop all such activity, put your clothes back on, and meet me at the parking lot." 

"Beth, did that sound to you like a woman?" Sandy asked.

"I'm not sure. We'll find out soon enough."

As we approached the parking lot, a helicopter lifted off, leaving behind someone in a short-sleeved uniform. When we got close enough, I could tell that it was a woman cop. She stood there, waiting for us, impatient as hell. She was short and cute, with auburn hair. Another thing I noticed was well she filled the uniform.

"Come into the station, away from the crowd," she said, pointing to a small building.

"What's the problem?" I asked.

"We'll talk about it in here," she said, unlocking the door. Apparently it was a small police station, just for Jones Beach.

"What happened to the helicopter?" I asked. "Where is everybody else?"

"The pilot took the chopper back to Flight Operations. I'm working alone because it's a Tuesday." We followed her into the building. 

I whispered to Sandy that I was uneasy about having broken some laws, but Sandy whispered back, "Let me handle her, OK?" She seemed very sure of herself, so I nodded 'yes' to her.

The lady cop started to give us a lecture, but Sandy interrupted her, "Excuse me, Officer. I see the name strip above your uniform pocket that says 'M. Williams'. What does 'M' stand for?" 

"It stands for 'Maxine', but what business is it of yours?"

Sandy winked at me; she obviously enjoyed playing with the lady cop's mind. 

"Nothing, Maxine", Sandy said. "I was just wondering. By the way, it's a pretty name - just like you."

I almost burst out laughing at the way Sandy was shamelessly playing with Maxine, who blushed. Maxine's lonely and not very sure of herself, I figured.

"Are you flirting with me?" Maxine asked.

Sandy answered: "Yes, I am flirting with you. Is that a problem, Officer?"

"I'm not sure what I should do to you, in response to such outrageous behavior. Maybe I'll write up a ticket for resisting arrest."

"Take your blouse off and show me your tits," Sandy said, as cool as could be. Again, she winked at me.

The lady cop obviously had no idea how to handle Sandy. "That's crazy; don't talk to me that way, you pervert."

"Officer, I'm not a pervert. You can ask my sis here if I'm a pervert. All I want you to do is show me your tits. That's not too much to ask for, is it?"

"Sis?" Maxine asked, clearly concerned about incest.

"Officer, she's not really my sister," Sandy replied. "We were sisters-in-law, when she was married to my brother. He's gone now, and we live together."

I didn't have any clue as to why Sandy felt she could get into Maxine's head, but she seemed very confident about getting Maxine to show her tits. Sometimes Sandy is a very strong woman, like the time she got me to suck her 'cock', the strap-on.

As Maxine stood there, in confusion, Sandy walked up to her and started to unbutton her shirt. 

Maxine backed off and said, "What do you take me for, some kind of slut?" 

"Maxine, dear. There's nothing to be afraid of. I take you for a lovely woman who lives alone, desperate for someone who can appreciate and love her. If you tell me to stop, I will. Tell me now if you're going to show me your tits, or not."

It was a moment of truth for Maxine. She could have walked away from involvement with Sandy and me. She glanced at me, as if looking for advice. 

"You'll never regret it," I said. "Show her your tits."

After a long pause, Maxine nodded 'yes',loosened the rest of the buttons on her shirt and removed it. She wore a frilly black bra that showed lots of cleavage. Maxine was a beautiful woman underneath the official uniform!

I felt like removing Maxine's bra and kissing her tits. But Sandy beat me to it. She slipped the straps of Maxine's bra off her shoulders and pulled the bra forward and down, giving us a good look at her breasts. I was impressed by how well endowed Maxine is, compared to my B cups.

Maxine stood there, half-naked and smiling, while Sandy kissed her breasts. Finally, Sandy backed away and removed the top of her bathing suit. 

"Your turn," she said. Maxine didn't hesitate, bending down to kiss Sandy's breasts. Maxine did a thorough job, kissing all around Sandy's breasts and then sucking her nipples. 

Maxine looked over at me and said, "How about you, Beth?" 

The lovely lady cop was hot for action, with both of us!

"I'd love to, but we ought to have privacy," I said. "Why don't you take Sandy to our place in your car, and I'll follow with my car."

"I should stay on duty another half-hour," she said, glancing at her wrist watch.

"Anybody who drowns in the next thirty minutes is shit out of luck," I said. "Let's go. By the way, bring those handcuffs I see on your belt. Do you have a nightstick handy?."

"Why on earth do you want me to bring handcuffs?" she replied. "There's a nightstick, in the rack on the wall. Are you planning on knocking me in the head?"

"Cuffs and a nightstick make great sex toys. I'll demonstrate at our place."

Maxine locked the door and drove up the ramp to the highway, with Sandy sitting next to her. I followed in my car, fingering my pussy. 

We entered the apartment with our new companion as the sun was setting. Maxine looked around nervously, but I held her in my arms and whispered, "Welcome, Maxine. You're going to have a great time. First of all, take off all your clothes; we're very informal around here." 

She looked around and noticed Sandy had already stripped. With a shrug, Maxine followed suit. She had a pert ass, dark pussy curls, and firm boobs tipped with large brown nipples. I was damn happy that she had decided to join us. 

It got a little crazy. 

I took out the nightstick and put a condom on the tip. Maxine and Sandy looked puzzled. "Protection from splinters," I said.

Sandy laughed, and Maxine looked a little scared. 

"Don't worry," I said. "You'll love getting fucked with the nightstick, probably the best thing it's ever been used for. We have strap-ons here, but I think it best to use your own nightstick on you the first time, sort of poetic justice: getting fucked by your own tool. Have you ever been fucked with a strap-on?"

"No, not ever. Not even with a prick."

"That's hard to believe! Were you locked away in a convent, or something like that?"

"Yes, in a convent."

That revelation floored me. "I don't think we ought to proceed, Maxine. I'd feel guilty about corrupting someone with your background. No way!"

She stood there and smiled. "Beth, I left the convent because I realized that I didn't want to be a nun. I want to live life to the fullest. Please 'corrupt' me." 

"OK, if that's what you want. First, I'll take off my bathing suit... Tell me, honestly, how you feel about my body."

She took a long look at my body. "You're lovely. But there's one thing I wonder about."

"What's that?"

"I don't know to say this, but you look awfully bare...down there."

I had to laugh and replied, "Maxine, dear, I shave my pussy. Have you ever done that?"

"No, I never have. How does it feel?"

"It's great, especially when there's a breeze blowing on my pussy. That's what happens when the side vents in the car are open and I'm driving."

She replied, "Sounds very erotic to me. Maybe I'll try that someday when I'm on duty. I drive a lot." 

"Come over here," I said. "Get get down on your knees, and take a real good look."

She knelt down, with her face inches away from my pussy.

"Now kiss me, Maxine...down there."

She hesitated and then used her lips, ever so gently, on my pussy.

"Give me a real kiss, Maxine! You can do better than that."

She did better, very much better. Maxine made love to my pussy with her lips and tongue. She did a great job, for a beginner.

I glanced over to Sandy while this was happening. She was masturbating as hard as I've ever seen her do the 'self-love' bit. I looked down at Maxine and told her to stand up and watch Sandy. Her face turned red and it was clear that she was both fascinated and embarrassed.

"Touch yourself," I said.

"Do what?" 

"Touch your pussy, and then push your fingers inside. Move them around in your cunt. As you do that, bring up sensual images in your mind. There's no hurry; don't rush it, just enjoy."

"Hmmm," she said, after a while. "That feels marvelous."

"Maxine, did some women in the convent make love to each other? I've heard it's common."

"I did hear such stories but thought it was just nasty gossip. Now I feel like an innocent babe, rather than a twenty year-old women. How stupid of me!"

"Hay, Maxine, that part of your life is over. Forget it! Enjoy your new life."

"I'll do that," she said. In fact, Maxine enjoyed every aspect of lesbian sex and never looked back. 

The next morning, Sandy asked Maxine if she could get off from work the rest of the week.

"Let me call in and see if it's possible," Maxine replied. She got off the phone with a big grin.

"I'm off until Friday. How marvelous! What shall we do?"

Sandy asked me to help push our beds together.

"What's happening?" Maxine asked.

"We're making a play space," I told her.

"A play space?"

"You'll see. Watch what Sandy is doing."

Sandy had pulled out the nightstick that Maxine brought from the police station. Sandy knew that Maxine was watching, trying to figure out what was happening. Sandy's a real ham; she made a big show out of slipping a condom over the end of the nightstick, as we watched.

"See," she said, holding up the nightstick. "No splinters. Maxine , dear, get on the bed, on your back.

"Why?"

"Just do it, and spread your legs."

When Maxine was spread wide like that, Sandy started to push the nightstick into her cunt.

"That hurts," Maxine said.

"The nightstick is narrow enough to enter your pussy easily. I think it's a just a new sensation that's bothering you. The hurt won't last long. Just relax and enjoy the feeling. I'll stop until you tell me it's OK to start again. I don't want this to be a bad experience for you."

After a few minutes, Maxine said, "Sandy, I'm OK now. Please go on. It's even better than I'd imagined."

Sandy continued fucking her with the nightstick until Max gasped and shuddered. She'd had her first orgasm!

Her body was shiny with sweat, but there was a smile on her face. Sandy and I hugged Maxine and kissed her.

"Your first orgasm," I said. "But not your last."

She was completely naked and didn't give a damn about anything other than getting fucked. I and Sandy were happy to oblige, using the strap-ons in our arsenal of sex toys.

At one point in a long night of three-way sex, I had Maxine get on the bed, on all fours. Sandy stood in front of the bed as Maxine tongued her pussy. Simultaneously, I took Maxine from behind, doggy fashion, using my favorite strap-on. It was a fantastic experience when Sandy and Maxine came at the same time. 

In the time remaining until Maxine had to go back to work, all sorts of yummy things happened. I woke early on Thursday morning, for example, and heard part of an intense whispered conversation between Maxine and Sandy. They were talking about me, something about "arresting her."

"What the hell is going on?" I said.

They came into sight. Before I could react, they had fastened my wrists above me, using the two pairs of handcuffs. I was flat on my back, with my arms stretched way back and couldn't move my arms. 

Maxine said, "We're arresting you, Beth. You'll be punished."

"Punished for what?" I managed to say.

Sandy's face came into sight. 

"For tempting us to do naughty things to you."

It made no sense to me, and I told them so.

"Enough discussion," Maxine said. She wore a big black strap-on which made her look both sensual and threatening.

She got on the bed, on all fours, facing my feet. Then she pulled my legs up, onto her shoulders. My cunt was exposed and vulnerable. 

She took me from behind, one hand on my waist, the other between my legs. Maxine slowly pushed the latex cock into my cunt, fucking me so strongly that her pubic bone banged against my ass. I'd never before been penetrated so deeply. The plastic prick was banging against my cervix. I was hurting and felt the mattress getting soaked from my cunt juices. I'd had enough.

"Please stop," I said.

Maxine pulled out of me. Sandy's face came into focus. "Are you OK, hon?"

"Yes, I'm OK, but can't take more right now. Release my wrists."

I got up and sat on the edge of the bed. Sandy and Maxine sat on either side of me. We hugged. 

It was the start of a long-term relationship. Maxine moved in with us. She turned out to be the boldest to initiate sex and think of new variations for us to try.

She even fixed traffic tickets for us. What more could one ask for? That's another story.

* * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * *

Copyright 2003 by Krista . This story may not be distributed or copied without the express permission of the author.