 I sat my desk, eyes glued to the computer screen. I was working late as usual in my law office downtown. I was proof reading a presentation, which I was working on, for a case the next week, trying to make sure that I had everything absolutely perfect. As I read the pages, I absently brushed my blonde hair out of my eyes. Many of the office partners wondered why I wasn't married yet, a young, and an attractive woman, who could have any one I wanted. But I wasn't interested in dating--especially not any of the many male lawyers from the firm who'd tried! I used the excuse that I didn't like to mix business with pleasure, but they still questioned it. 

A door opened to the side of my office, and a young woman slipped in. It was Sherri. Sherri was a secretary in the office, and she also happened to be working late the same evening as me.

"Hi Claire," she said softly, so as not to startle me. I looked up.

"Oh, hi Sherri, I didn't think anyone else was still here!" I said.

"Well, I was just about to leave when I saw your light on. You should go home too, you know. You need your rest for that presentation tomorrow," she told me.

"Oh" I shrugged, "I'll be fine."

Sherri walked over to my desk, standing behind me. She lightly rested her hands on my shoulders. 

"You feel tense," Sherri said. "Why don't you let me give you a back massage?" Before I could say anything, Sherri had begun kneading her fingers into my back, finding my sore spots and massaging them gently. 

"Oh, Sherri," I sighed. "That feels so good." I leaned back in the chair and relaxed my neck and back for the first time.

"I'm glad you like it," Sherri smiled. As she continued the backrub, Sherri slowly began to slide her hands further forward on my shoulders, until she was almost touching my breasts. I had closed my eyes and didn't seem to notice. Sherri lightly brushed the left nipple, and a shudder went through my body, but still I didn't protest. 

"Hmmm," Sherri thought to her self, "so the rumours in the office might have some truth to them after all. This could be interesting." She leaned down towards me and kissed me lightly on the back of the neck, while continuing her massage. Finding no resistance, she spun my chair around. I smiled. "Sherri, are you coming on to me?" I asked her.

"Well...I suppose you could say that." 

"Good. I've always thought you were a attractive young lady, but for a while, but never had the courage to act on it." I pulled Sherri down into my lap, and began kissing her. Sherri closed her eyes and returned the kiss with passion. She didn't see my hand slowly reaching into a drawer of my desk.... Suddenly, with one swift motion, I grabbed Sherri's arms and clasped them behind her back. Sherri then felt cold steel around her wrists as handcuffs were locked around them. 

"Claire! What...I mean..." I smiled. "And now to do this right." I unbuttoned Sherri's jacket, pushing it down around her arms and exposing the sheer beige shell she wore underneath. I played with her nipples through the fabric, first with my fingers and then with my tongue until the material over Sherri's breasts was quite see-through. Sherri moaned softly at first, then a bit louder. I then took a pair of scissors and a scarf out of my desk. When Sherri saw what she was about to do, her eyes widened. "No, Claire! Please! I don't mmmphh..." Her last words were muffled as I pushed the scarf into her mouth and tied it behind her head. Sherri was pretty helpless now, and she knew it. She whimpered softly as I cut through the thin material of her shirt, pushing it back and exposing the white lace bra underneath. 

"You're lucky, Sherri. This bra opens in the front." I opened the bra and began fondling Sherri's large, beautiful breasts in earnest, taking them in handfuls and pressing the nipples into my mouth. When I tongued both nipples at once, Sherri went crazy. Her hips gyrated against my legs. "Hmmm...we may need a bit more space." I forced Sherri to stand, and cleared off a space on her desk. I pushed Sherri down onto it so that she lay spread out, arms above her head. I began running my hands slowly up and down Sherri's nylon-covered legs. I almost went up to the place where they joined, then stopped teasingly, eliciting a groan from Sherri. "Do you want me to stop?" asked I her. 

Sherri shook her head emphatically no. "Well then...." I said, "you'll have to accept whatever I choose to do to you. Can you do that?" Sherri nodded. To her surprise, once she'd gotten over the initial shock of being cuffed and gagged, Sherri found she was getting quite aroused. I continued my torturous passage up and down Sherri's legs, getting a bit closer to the juncture each time. I stopped abruptly. I moved closer to Sherri and grasped her skirt. Sherri, understanding what I wanted, raised her hips obediently to allow me to remove it. I did so very slowly and teasingly. Once the skirt was off, I stepped back to get a good look at this beautiful woman. Sherri had a nice body, with large breasts and a small waist. It was obvious that she worked out regularly. I moved to Sherri's feet, removing the high heels she was wearing and massaging each foot a bit before moving on. I then worked the pantyhose down her legs and removed these as well. I was delighted to find that Sherri wore no panties under them. 

"Now roll over onto your stomach," I commanded. Sherri looked at her, wondering what would be next. "Do it!" I said forcefully. Sherri had no choice but to obey. She heard a drawer open and close, but could not see what I was doing. Then she felt a light slap on her bare ass. Then harder, and harder. It felt as though she was being whipped with some long, thin object. The slaps continued until Sherri's bare bottom was quite red and sore, then I abruptly said, "Roll over." Sherri did so, wincing at the pain in her ass, and saw that the offending object was a ruler. She had little time to see anything else though, because I suddenly pushed three fingers into Sherri's wet pussy. 

I was surprised at how wet Sherri was, and felt glad that I was enjoying her punishment. Sherri gasped as I began finger-fucking her, using her thumb to stimulate Sherri's sensitive clit. Just when she was on the verge of climax, though, I stopped. 

"I've been doing all these things for you...isn't it about time you did something for me, Sherri dear?" I pulled Sherri off the desk and gestured for her to kneel in front of me on the floor. I then quickly removed my own skirt, pantyhose, and panties and straddled Sherri's face. Sherri, quite aroused herself by this time, began to lick and suck at my cunt and clit. Her mouth covered my pussy and, like a lover, she began to french kiss it. 

Her tongue probed into the mouth of my cunt. Her tongue was exploring my pussy, teasing and caressing my clit. She put a finger into me, as my mouth let out a little gasp, as her tongue found my clit and began to suck on it. I felt two of her fingers slide into me, thrilling me. I mumbled some sort of encouragement, muffled by her pussy humping my face. The triple stimulation of her tongue and two fingers took me higher and higher. She took my clit into her mouth, sucking it, licking, and caressing it with her tongue. 

As my orgasm washed over my body, waves of incredible pleasure hitting my cunt, my hips thrust hard against her hand and face, I tired to concentrate, but my orgasm won over me, pressing my cunt hard to her face. I rubbed my freely flowing pussy all over her face. I could feel her tongue trying to catch every drop of my juice. In her passion, she reached up and roughly grabbed my blouse, and tired to pull me down to her level. Her roughness was induced by her need to cum, and I knew this. As I was still gasping from my own intense orgasm. I eased her onto her back and prised open her legs. 

My mouth once again found her clit. Two fingers slid easily into her saturated but unsated cunt. I licked, I sucked, and I finger fucked her. I could feel her legs closing around my head, and I could faintly hear her begin to moan more loudly. I wanted to please her the same way she had pleased me, even more if that was possible. Her hips worked up and down to meet the thrusts of my fingers. Her hips swivelled back and forth to enhance the actions of my tongue on her clit. "Oh my god, Oh my god, Oh, don't stop.... it feels so good...oh, right there!" became her mantra of pleasure. Then she came for me. Her hips thrust up hard and froze. I could actually feel her cunt muscles contracting around my fingers. Her hot juice gushed out, coating my hand. Her clit hardened under my tongue. Her breath came to a stop as she became frozen in time and pleasure. Then she simply melted into a limp body below me. I pulled my fingers from her and licked them clean. I turn back around and lay next to her, partially draped over her.

The tension had built up for so long she almost couldn't stand it when she finally got release. We lay on the floor for a few moments, exhausted by their efforts, and then I sat up and reached for my desk. I unlocked the handcuffs and removed the gag, then looked over at Sherri. 

"I hope I wasn't too rough...I know I surprised you." Sherri blushed, aware she couldn't hide the excitement she had felt. 

"I didn't mind...I liked it!" she said.

"Good," I smiled, pulling on her clothes. 

"I think it's time for us both to go home." 

"But what about my shirt?" Sherri protested. 

"That's your problem," I laughed as she walked out the door. She buttoned her jacket over the remains of her torn blouse. As she left my office, she thought over the interesting evening. 

"Well, one thing's for sure," I said to myself, "I certainly won't mind working late anymore!!"