 Warning: This story contains incest, futanari, forced sex, and underage drinking (by a year, in the US) and if you don't like these themes then STOP READING. Here's chapter four. Enjoy! 

***** 

Their house was a few miles out of town, in the woods. They had a good chunk of property surrounding them, and the only neighbor they had lived a five minute drive away. Amanda wasn't worried about speeding, knowing none of the town cops would be out here. 

She sent her friend Alex a short text -- We need to talk. NOW- and dropped her phone on the passenger seat. She gripped the wheel tightly, trying to contain her anger. 

Jenny had come home from school with a black eye and scratches, and had given her a name -- Roxanne Smith. A week ago, she would have laughed at Jenny, but it was different now. She'd made Jenny hers, had fucked her and collared her. She had read that futas could imprint on people -- mentally marking them as their own, which made them very protective. 

But she had never thought it would be like this. She was pissed off, and no amount of deep breaths or calming thoughts helped. All she could think about was finding this Roxanne bitch and ripping her apart. 

Reaching town, she made a left and followed the back streets to Alex's house. She had memorized the path a long time ago, so she was pulling into the driveway in minutes. Getting out of her car, she slammed the door and stormed up to the front door. 

She didn't bother knocking, walking right in. The unlocked door was a sign Alex had been waiting for her. The house wasn't too big, but Alex didn't need much, living here by herself. There was a kitchen and living room on the first floor, on either side of her, and stairs in front of her. As she slammed the door behind her, she heard Alex's voice coming from upstairs. 

"I'm up hear, Man!" Amanda followed the voice, going up the stairs and ignored the open bathroom door to her left, going for the bedroom door on her right. She paused, taking in the sight in front of her. 

Alex was similar to her, body wise. Six feet tall, a b-cup chest, muscles from her various sports teams, and a tan from regular tanning in the backyard -- nude tanning, which Amanda had joined her for a few times. While Alex wasn't a futa, she very much looked the part. She wore baggy pants and shorts, and had her hair cropped short and dyed a vibrant purple color. 

Amanda was used to walking in on Alex naked, as the girl was a nudist in her house. And she was also familiar with walking in on her in the middle of sex, like now. Alex was sitting on the edge of her bed, wearing nothing and holding a leash attached to a collared blond girl kneeling in front of her. 

They both looked up at her, and Alex smiled. 

"Hey, Man! Want a turn?" Alex asked, and Amanda saw the blonde's eyes meet hers and widen in fear. Amanda didn't recognize the girl, but clearly the girl knew her. Not surprising, with how many people knew about the town futa. 

"No. We need to talk, Alex." Alex frowned at Amanda's tone, recognizing the anger. Alex stood up, and pulled the girl up with her. 

"Go on home, blondie. I'll call you." Alex dismissed the girl with a slap on the ass, and she sheepishly left the room with a pile of clothes from the floor. 

Alex led Amanda downstairs as the girl went into the bathroom to dress, and they went into the kitchen. Alex grabbed two beer cans from the fridge and tossed one to Amanda, who caught it and cracked it open. They went into the living room and sat down on the couch. Alex waved as the girl came downstairs and left, closing the door behind her. 

"So, what's up?" Alex asked nonchalantly. Amanda sat there in silence, drinking the beer. She crushed the empty can and stood up, whipping it at the wall. Alex just sat there, watching her friend. 

"Things go bad with Jenny?" Alex asked, and Amanda shook her head. 

"No, Alex, things went great." Amanda started pacing back and forth, hands clenched into fists. 

"I fucked her, put a collar on her, threatened to ruin her reputation, and then gave her an out, and she chose to stay!" Amanda exclaimed. 

"So, what's wrong?" Alex asked, instantly regretting it at the fury that filled Amanda's face. 

"She came back from school with a black eye! That's what's FUCKING WRONG! Amanda roared, swinging a fist at the wall and putting a hole in it. 

Alex's jaw dropped, less concerned about the hole and very concerned about Amanda. Remembering the classes on futa back in school, she put two and two together and realized why Amanda was so mad. 

Standing up, Alex started calming her down. "Just relax, Mandy, relax, every thing's gonna be fine," she said, taking Amanda's shoulders and leading her to the couch. She got her friend to sit down, and got on her knees in front of her, beer can left on the floor beside her. 

Amanda didn't seem to notice, staring blankly ahead while Alex unbuttoned her shorts and pulled her friend's hard cock out. She'd been forced to calm Amanda down a few times, but she'd never seen her this angry before.  

Going to work, she ran her tongue up the shaft, making Amanda look down in confusion. Alex rarely handled cocks -- she was one of the gayest girls in town -- but damn did she know how to do it. Alex's tongue kept working on the shaft while her hands gently massaged her balls. 

Amanda groaned and leaned back, head falling backwards as Alex worked. Her anger slowly started to fade, and all she could focus on was Alex's tongue stud against her skin and the fingers gently massaging her. 

Alex finally put the cock in her mouth, taking the tip in, but Amanda couldn't wait any longer. She grabbed Alex's head, who immediately stiffened, and pulled her forward while thrusting, shoving her cock down Alex's throat. 

She let loose a grunt as she came, Alex's throat taking rope after rope of cum. Alex knew how to do this, relaxing her body as Amanda held her close, balls slapping against her chin. After almost a full minute of shooting cum nearly straight into her friend's belly, Amanda let Alex's head go and started to soften. 

Alex pulled back slowly, running her tongue around the shaft before it went soft. She let it go from her mouth and sat back,swishing the last dregs of cum around in her mouth before swallowing it. She looked up at Amanda, who looked down at her tiredly. 

"Anybody else, Man," she said with a smirk, standing up. "Anybody else grabs me like that, they're losing a few inches. You're lucky I like you." 

Amanda just laughed, watching Alex disappear up the stairs to the bathroom, where she knew she would be gargling some mouthwash. Calm now, Amanda looked at the hole in the wall, feeling like a bitch. 

"Sorry about the wall!" She called to Alex, who just laughed at her from upstairs. 

"It's fine! Not the first hole put in these walls!" Alex came back downstairs, now wearing a long shirt that covered her. Amanda knew she was trying to keep her from getting worked up again. A blowjob would calm her, but not two in a row. 

And while they were best friends, Amanda knew there was no chance in hell that Alex would let her fuck her. A dildo or strapon was fine, but she was extremely strict about not taking any real cocks in her pussy. 

Alex sat back down next to her and picked her beer up, taking a drink. 

"So, talk. Jenny got in a fight?" 

Frowning, Amanda nodded. 

"I told her to break up with her boyfriend, and one of his friends got mad at her. Some bitch named Roxanne Smith." 

"I know her," Alex said, making Amanda raise an eyebrow. "She's Pastor Smith's daughter. He's talked to me a couple times about my "wicked ways". He tried using her as an example for how a lady should act." 

Amanda growled, crossing her arms. 

"But... If you're looking to get back at her, I think I can help." 

"How." Amanda said, looking at her friend. 

"Roxanne is a good girl, and her family is pretty strict. But, I've heard rumors that little Roxxy likes to take girls to bed with her. Supposedly, she goes a couple towns over to find girls at dyke bars." 

Amanda sat there there, watching Alex's smug expression. 

"How does that help me? She'll recognize me." Amanda asked, and Alex just sighed. 

"Look, you could go fight her. But even though she's an adult, her father is the pastor, and is friends with a lot of the school board, and friends with the mayor and the police chief. Lay a hand on her, and you end up in jail and Jenny may get expelled." 

Amanda swore, standing back up. 

"Then what the fuck-" Alex jumped up and cut her friend off with a hand over her mouth. 

"What you do, Amanda, is find a girl at one of those bars whose willing to let you film them. A video of the pastors' daughter shacking up with a woman is all the blackmail you need to make her your bitch." 

Amanda looked at her friend, shocked. It was Alex's idea to break Jenny -- Alex had found the video online of Jenny taking two dicks at the same time. And Amanda had been on board with that right away, wanting to make her little sister pay for the years of teasing and torment. 

But this? Making another girl her bitch? Alex saw her hesitation, and put her hand on her Amanda's shoulder. 

"Look, Man, this bitch gets away with a lot. You'd be doing everyone a service by knocking her down a peg or two. Give me a couple days to work it out, and we can make sure she doesn't bully anyone again." 

"Why would you help me with this, Alex?" Alex gave her friend a look and a light punch to the shoudler. 

"Cause you're family, Amanda. And I'd rather help you get another slut then see you end up in prison." Alex answered, and Amanda hugged her friend. 

"Alright," she said, smirking as she placed a hand on Alex's ass and pulling it away as the hand was slapped. Both girls laughed, and Alex led her back upstairs. 

"Let's get to work."