 Editor's note: this story contains scenes of incest or incest content.

*****

I woke up with a smile. I was on my side and when I opened my eyes, I saw Natalie sitting on a chair next to the bed, coffee cup in hand.

"Hi sleepy head." She smiled.

"So, what time is it?" I sat up, not at all ashamed, as usual, of being naked in front of someone. I could gauge Natalie by watching her eyes. She was looking me over. I was thrilled.

Natalie leaned forward, "It's about 20 to 4. You gotta get dressed so we can hit those interviews at the college." She leaned even more forward and kissed me. A full, juicy, soft, meaningful kiss.

I got dressed and soon we were walking the grounds of the college, sometimes holding hands as if it meant everything in the world, sometimes not holding hands like it was just a matter of time until we were again .I knew if I got accepted that I'd be living with Natalie. But I worried a little because. . . we had the same last name. Which is fine if we were just sisters. But as lovers, my girlfriend, whatever. . .Same last name might cause some issues.

Natalie had already, unwittingly, solved our problem.

"Last year I submitted a song for an independent film project here. I thought I'd have a better chance if I didn't use my real name. So when I went to register the song, I had to go to city hall and fill out papers and all that. So I put down Nat Little." 

I looked at her in puzzlement. "Why?"

"Well," she continued, "it was a bluesy thing and I figured that Nat Little sounded like an old blues guy. You know from Mississippi or something. So, as far as the university and the great state of Minnesota are concerned, my name is Natalie Little."

"So I get to stay Alison Hayes and we can. . . "

"We can act how we want wherever we want because to everyone else, you're not my incestuous sister," she gave me a sly naughty grin, "you're my sexy girlfriend who lives with me."

It all seemed so perfectly rational and easy and my god her eyes lit up when she said 'incestuous.' And I was her girlfriend. I was floating.

The interviews didn't take long. In fact, I think they wanted me so badly they talked as if I was already in. Both the Fine Arts and Graphic Arts departments welcomed me after seeing my portfolio and I was offered a 3/4 scholarship, which was more than I expected.

Natalie and I jump around and danced like when we were young and got what we wanted Christmas morning.

Before leaving, Natalie said, she wanted to show me her 'office', the music department.

Inside was a huge area, instruments seemingly put anywhere and everywhere. I looked in amazement and was about to make some fatuous statement to Natalie when she pressed me semi-gently to the back of the door and kissed me deeply. Her tongue found mine and I eagerly returned the kiss. Her hands slid up and under my blouse, fingertips dancing their way over my bra and finding my nipples rock hard. I already knew I was soaking wet, as Natalie had that immediate effect upon me.

"Shirt and bra" Natalie said to me, quickly, as she unbuttoned her thin white top. In a flash I was topless and watching her reach behind her to undo her bra. I saw an opportunity. I spun her around, my hands reaching around her and cupping her breasts just as her bra fell. I pressed my lips the smooth skin of her neck, making her emit a soft sensuous moan. I kissed and licked both sides of her neck as my fingers teased and rubbed and gently pulled her nipples.

"I want you" Natalie sighed, turning to me, fire and passion playing in her eyes. I undid my jeans, letting them fall to the floor, never once breaking eye contact. I watched her every move as her skirt fell, revealing no panties at all.

"Sit on that chair," I motioned. I had never licked a pussy before, but I wanted to right now more than anything. Natalie sat down, leaning back slightly, opening her legs. The way she slowly spread her legs, was an intoxicating invitation. I moved onto my knees and began kissing my way up her inner thighs. Licking, kissing, feeling the heat of her skin as I got nearer to her warm and wet lips.

Moving my tongue along the edges of her lips, I looked up into her eyes and saw both concentration and expectation. Her body was shaking with excitement. I spread her lips with my finger and, for the first time, pressed my tongue into my sister's inviting pussy.

"Oh god yes!" Natalie moaned, loud enough to almost make me worry. My tongue pressed as far into her as I could get it. The smell and taste so new and foreign and meaning what it did urged me on. Quickly I moved to her hard clit. Licking it long and slow, then flicking it with my tongue, enjoying how her body jumped and twitched depending on what I did. Pleasing her felt so good to me that I never wanted to stop. Her moans were loud, but I didn't much care. I felt her hand on the back of my head, pressing me to her pussy. It was heaven.

I pressed two fingers into her as I wrapped my lips around her clit and sucked. I'd only ever seen this described in stories, but the way Natalie yelped and bucked and flooded my fingers told me it was just what she wanted. My ace was covered in her juices, dripping off my chin and as her body went from mini orgasms to a full body spasm orgasm I held my fingers in her clenching pussy. "Cumming. . .oh god. . .cumming. . .yes" was all she squeaked out as her body moved and thrashed, eyes closed, perspiration beading, nipples hard as diamonds. As she slowly came down from her body melting orgasm, I lightly kissed and licked her inner thighs, just barely keeping away from her exhausted pussy.

"Never leave me." Natalie sighed, her chest rising and falling heavily.

"Not a chance." I smiled up at her, she smiled back weakly.

A new class was close to starting, so we got dressed and made our way off campus.

"Care for a drink?" Natalie asked, guiding me down a street filled with eclectic assortment of shops and restaurants.

We stopped at the entrance of an establishment, dark wood being the decor of choice. It was called The Struggling Man. "It's a coffee bar, drinks bar, art lounge, and amateur music tryout place." Natalie smiled as she led us inside.

"It just hit me," Natalie said as we sat down, side by side, in a secluded booth, "I was going to attack you back there. . .but you turned the tables." I laughed.

"Yeah, well, you just have to try harder. Besides the view I had was prize enough for me."

"But not for me!" Natalie took a mock cross pose, her adorable face trying it's hardest to convey determination and anger.

"You get big red blush marks on your cheeks when you get really excited, you know that?" I teased her.

"Your fingers and tongue had a lot to do with that. I think I'm dehydrated, thanks to you." Natalie leaned back, her body so lovely, even in the low light.

Her hand rested on my thigh under the table and she smoothly moved it to my crotch as she looked into my eyes.

Just then the waitress came to our table. Natalie's hand stayed in place.

The waitress was like nothing we had ever seen. The best way to describe her is to say that she was the type of girl you'd see on posters on the wall of high school boys (and some girls). Sandy blonde hair, denim shorts with rediculously long and deeply tanned legs. Her tight v-neck tshirt seemed designed to highlight her impressive assets and the clearly visible nipples under. She flashed her smile upon approaching. Her teeth were perfectly straight, perfectly white, perfectly perfect. To cap it all, she was wearing aggressively casual Ugg boots which did nothing but accentuate just how toned her legs were. That she wasn't holding a surfboard on a beach was a crime. Her name was Ava.

Both Natalie and I mouthed "wow" as she left with our order. If I hadn't thought about women as sexual opportunities before, this waitress would certainly have put it in my mind.

"Don't worry," Natalie said in mock seriousness, "I won't let her come between us."

"Better not!" I kissed her quickly and ran my hand up and down her arm.

Just then Ava came back. She saw me kissing Natalie and I saw her eyes widen just a bit.

"Oh, are you two on a date?" she set down our drinks.

"Yeah," Natalie leaned forward, "first date."

"Ok. When you first came in I thought you were sisters or something."

I got a little red and looked at Natalie.

"Why would you think that?" Natalie questioned, her fingers unbuttoning my jeans out of view.

"You have a very similar smile." She was about to go when Natalie, sensing my embarrassment, decided to make me even a little more uncomfortable.

"What do you think, is it ok to kiss on a first date?"

Ava was looking at Natalie then with the smallest of eye movements, looked at me, then back again. "I would."

I blushed and stared at Natalie as Ava left.

**************************************************************

When we got back to her place, Natalie had a gleam in her eye that I was in agreement with.

Her place was less an apartment, and more of a loft. to the right of the entrance was the tv area and couch. Further along the wall was her four post bed. In the far corner was a collection of instruments; stand up piano, keyboard, guitars and a few items I had no idea what they were.

To left of the entrance was the kitchen area and beyond that was the bathroom and an open air shower. The whole place had a great opaque light coming from factory style windows over the bed area. I took this all in and when I let my gaze come back to Natalie, she was naked and rubbing her luscious breasts, nipples poking out and daring me to lick and suck them.

Natalie approached me, her eyes alight with desire, and kissed me, her hands pulling my head to her. I reached and ran one hand on her pert ass cheek as my other hand made it's way to her breast, feeling the firmness and softness of it. I pinched her erect nipple and Natalie moaned into my mouth.

Breaking the kiss I moved lower and let my tongue lick around her nipple, teasing the edges. Her fingers ran though my hair. Both my hands were now behind her, fondling her ass. I loved this body.

I enclosed her nipple with my tongue, sucking gently and pulling it outward. I could hear Natalie breathing heavier and sighing as my sucking became more intense. I let her breast go with a slight pop of my mouth. Natalie gave me a mischievous grin, grabbed my hand and led me to her bed.

Natalie sat down on the end of her bed, eyeing me with a smile. "Now strip for me." Natalie leaned back, holding herself up, "Make me want you." Natalie was being a sexy little slut and wanted me to follow suit. That sounded good to me!

There was no music, but I did my best to move rhythmically, slowly unbuttoning my jeans, turning my back to Natalie, legs straight, bending from the waist as I pushed my jeans to the floor. I wanted Natalie to have a good view of my ass. If she was really looking she would have been able to see how my panties already had wetness seeping through the fabric. Turning back around, pulling my shirt up and off. Bending over as I reached behind me to undo my bra. Giving Natalie a view of my cleavage.

"Would you like to see my tits?" I let the bra drop, but was covering my breasts with my arm.

"Oh god yes," Natalie said quietly, her eyes watching every one of my moves.

"Beg for it." I was pushing it a bit, but really wanted to see how Natalie would react.

Natalie paused, opened her legs wide, moved her hand to her glistening pussy and said, "Please Alison, show me your lovely tits because I want to lick them and make you cum while I'm sucking those hard nipples." Her fingers got wet as she rubbed up and down her lips and teasing her clit.

That was enough for me. Panties off and arms free, I moved to the bed, moving over Natalie and slowly lowering my body onto hers. She wrapped her legs around my waist as I pressed my lips to hers. I could feel the warmth and wetness of her pussy on my skin as she pulled me to her with her legs. We kissed and groped and pressed our bodies together and every inch of my skin was buzzing with her touch. Natalie rolled me onto my back and bent upward and smiled down at me. Her hands cupped my breasts and pulled my nipples. It hurt slightly but felt slightly better. As she did, Natalie licked between my breasts, leaving a trail of wetness that I could feel.

While still playing with my nipples, Natalie licked and kissed down my stomach. I could feel butterflies in my stomach and my muscles quivering as she pushed my legs open. With an eagerness I wasn't expecting, Natalie began licking my clit hard and fast. I was already on edge and her tongue was pushing me closer and closer to exploding.

"Yes Nat, just like that," I moaned, my voice slightly echoing in her loft. I had my eyes as wide open as I could get them. Natalie was licking my clit, sucking my lips, pushing her tongue in and out of my pussy in combination that had my body shaking uncontrollably. With a quick look into my eyes, Natalie pressed two fingers into my aching pussy. "Oh fuck!" I nearly screamed as my first orgasm ignited. Picking up her pace, Natalie was expertly finger fucking me and I had just about lost all control. Orgasm after orgasm pulsed through me, pushing me toward a greater and greater orgasm.

"Don't stop," I begged, "keep going I'm almost. . .. .ahhhhhhhh". I came loudly and with such a force I thought I might black out. Natalie held her fingers inside and my pussy put a death grip on them, hoping to never let go. Eyes tight and legs quaking I was having a hard time catching my breath. I was breathing so hard as Natalie snaked her way up my burning body and kissed me deeply. I tasted my own pussy on my sister's mouth. I was hooked. I wanted this forever.

Breaking our kiss I looked dreamily into Natalie's eyes, "I love you so much."

I paused. Was saying I loved her going too far?

Natalie smiled a happy contented smile. "I so love you too. I'm so lucky." She laid down next to me, draping her body over mine.

"You have to go home tomorrow huh?" She asked

I did. I had to go back home, finish up the last weeks of school, before I could come back. I didn't want to wait, but had to.

We fell asleep holding each other.

Back home and I was going crazy. I didn't want to be there. I wanted to be back with Natalie. I wanted to start college and I wanted to be back with Natalie and . . .just that. To be back with Natalie.

We would facetime,and kept complaining that we weren't together. I was going crazy.

One night I was in bed when Natalie video called. I had my headphones in so Mom wouldn't hear us. Natalie was a vision. Then she panned her camera down, showing her naked body, glistening wet straight from the shower. My hand instantly went down under my comforter and between my legs, feeling my pussy getting wet as Natalie silently fondled her breasts and sitting in bed to show me her fingers rubbing her lovely pussy lips.

"And look what I got," Natalie reached off camera. She held up a pink vibrator and smiled.

"Naughty girl," I responded, my fingers rubbing my already wet pussy lips, fingertip pressing my clit.

Natalie moved the vibrator slowly down her body, the camera following it down.

Positioning the camera just right, Natalie turned on the vibrator and pressed it achingly slowly into her pussy. I let out a little moan that coincided with the moan I heard from Natalie in my ear. Just as I pressed a second finger into my pussy and my thumb was moving over my clit, my bedroom door opened and my mom came in with an armful of folded clothes. I froze under my comforter.

"Mom!!" I whined.

"Sorry honey, I just had to get these things put away before bedtime and you know your Aunt will be with us this year for the holdays. . ."

I glanced back and forth between my mom fussing with clothes dresser and my phone and Natalie pumping that vibe in and out faster and faster. I could hear how wet she was and her moaning in my ear as my fingers were still in my soaking pussy.

AS my mom bent down I noticed, for the first time in my life, that she had a very shapely ass. Nice round and very alluring. I shook my head. I couldn't believe I was thinking that. But I didn't look away. And I then realized that my room absolutely reeked of sex. How could my mom NOT smell my pussy? I felt a little bit of embarassment.

"Ok, sleep well honey," my mom said, then looked at me, eyebrows furrowed, "You're looking a bit flushed honey, are you getting sick?"

"No mom, I'm fine, just really tired."

Natalie came hard as my mom closed the door behind her. She laughed when I told her that mom was in the room. The laugh of someone who WASN'T almost caught masturbating.

A week went by. A week that lasted a decade. Or so it seemed.

I was counting the days till I could go back to Natalie.

To fill my time I decided to engage in some mindless exercise and started jogging again. It was endless boredom, but kept me in shape and gave me a chance to show off my legs. So it was a win win.

One day I told mom I was going to go off on a run and then maybe walk around the mall and I'd be back in an hour or so.

About a mile into my jog, it hit me that I forgot my ipod. I jogged back home. Entering the house I heard a noise. I thought maybe the pipes were making noise or the heater was broken. We lived in one of those old houses where everything was constantly on the verge of a loud breakdown.

I walked slowly, trying to follow where the noise came from. I started down the hallway and saw where the sound was coming from.

My moms room was open slightly and on the bed my mom was naked, legs wide, full breasts jiggling softly, and a purple dildo in her hand pumping in and out of her pussy. The sound I heard was the bed moving and bumping the wall. I stood, transfixed, as I watched my mom pump herself with wanton abandon. She was grunting and her breathing seemed loud enough to hear outside. All in all it was a revelation. My mom wasn't just mom. She was a woman with a nice body and, from the sound, a pussy that got as wet as mine.

My nipples pressed hard against my job bra. As she began to cum, I knew I needed to leave. I didn't want to be caught watching my mom masturbating. With a loud "fuck", my mom finished. I saw her start to get up. I walked out of the house and continued my run. The first time I ever ran with a really wet pussy.

I came home later and my mom was setting out dinner. "Hi honey," she smiled as moms do, "this is one of your last homemade meals before you go off to school. Enjoy."

Enjoy indeed.