 I put my phone down and looked at Natalie.

"Well, there we go. All set for Friday." I stared at Natalie, looking for a reaction.

She smiled her confident smile and cocked her head slightly to the side.

"Are you ok with this?" I could tell she was generally concerned.

I began to feel uneasy, "Yeah, I mean, sure it's something different and . . ." I trailed off, my head down.

Was I ok with this? Did I really want to be with Ava AND Natalie? Sure, they are both gorgeous, but what would it mean for me and Natalie. I finally got to a point where I could be really happy and. . .

I looked up and saw a serious looking Natalie staring at me. "What's wrong Ali?"

"Look Nat, we need to talk about what this means and, well. . ."

"Here's the deal Alison," Natalie straightened up and was speaking in her 'I've made a decision' tone, "I love you and nothing is going to change that. Ok? If we decide to have some fun like this, we do it together. Always together. How does that sound?"

My heart started beating normally again and I began smiling so hard, it felt like every one of my teeth was on display.

"That's exactly what I wanted to hear Nat. I never want to be without you."

"And you never will!" Natalie smiled wide then lept at me, knocking me down upon the bed and pinning my hands to my sides. "Uh oh, it looks like wily veteran Natalie has gotten the upper hand on the rookie Alison. There will be no escape this time." Natalie began kissing and biting my neck.

I yelled and made half-hearted efforts to free myself. I was laughing, tingling, aroused, amused and loving every bit of this. 

Natalie's lips were soft and insistent and I could smell her perfume as the tip of her tongue weaved its way from my chin, down my neck, and to the top of my black tanktop. I could feel goosebumps rising on my skin.

I wrapped my legs around Natalie's butt, pulling her to me with my feet. As I did, Natalie pressed her hips to me, grinding herself between my legs. I felt myself getting wetter by the second. 

Natalie released one of my hands, sliding hers between us, under my top, and slid her fingers around my now very erect nipple.

"Oh yes," I breathed out, my vision blurring as her hand, her mouth, her body all combined to leave me virtually helpless. A helplessness I was only too happy to embrace.

With a deftness that Natalie seemed to possess only in bed, she quickly lifted up my top, began kneading one of my sensitive breasts while taking a nipple into her mouth and sucking - hard.

There was pleasure and a little bit of pain in her mouth sucking my nipple. And the pain seemed to intensify the pleasure. I had never experienced this sensation before and was trembling as I looked down at her. 

My hands freed, I ran my fingers through the smooth blonde locks, alternately caressing her and pulling her to my chest. Her tongue swirled on my skin and I could feel her breathing from her nose on my skin. I tingled.

"Nat. . .how do you do this to me?" I managed to sigh out loud as she pressed her hips harder to me. 

Natalie looked up at me, her eyes huge and gorgeous and magnetic and huge. With a pop, she released my nipple, lifted her head slightly and smiled her patented wicked Natalie smile. The cool air on my now released wet breast sent shivers through my body and in the best possible way, I felt helpless. 

"Oh, I'm just getting started," Natalie said, her hands sliding up and down on my chest and stomach as she licked slowly, deliberately, down my stomach, planting a kiss at the top of my white cotton shorts. Looking up at me again, her gaze penetrated me to my core as her hands slid down, gripped the waistband of my shorts, and pulled down my legs; aided by me raising my hips. I didn't think to do it, my body just knew that it was the right thing to do.

My shorts and panties slipped off easily and Natalie made a show of tossing them aside, flipping her hair playfully as she moved back down to me.

I felt her warm breath as she settled her chin on my stomach. With tenderness and a very deep knowledge that she was playing me like an instrument, she kissed her way lower. Soft full lips pressing on my trembling skin. Lower and lower she moved and I could feel tingling in my toes and fingertips. 

Pausing her kissing, Natalie looked up into my eyes before licking down through my hair and I found myself jumping slightly when her tongue gently rubbed, in passing, my clit.

"Yes, Nat, yes," was all I could moan out as I tried my hardest to watch her movements. I wanted desperately to close my eyes and let myself go, but there was always something about watching Natalie and how she seemed to enjoy pleasuring me. I almost needed it. 

As my eyes began to glaze over I could feel fingernails on my inner thighs, adding an extra layer to sensations that were building by the second.

Natalie moved her tongue along the edges of my lips. It was if I could feel every taste bud on her tongue as she flattened her tongue and ran it lazily up, taking a wonderfully long time to move over my hard clit. I The sounds of her breathing, my sighing, my wetness under her tongue filled my senses and I knew it wouldn't be long before I exploded. Natalie began licking faster, sliding the tip of her tongue between my wet lips and skillfully coaxing movement and moans from me. 

I was beginning to twitch when she abruptly stopped. 

"What wha wha wha?" I said, looking at her with what had to be the most furrowed brow in the history of furrowed brows.

She was up and out of bed and looking very busy.

"I almost forgot," she said, breathlessly, "I have a musical presentation today. It's a prelim for the quarterly concert that I'm writing."

"But. . ." I managed to say, cunningly.

"I've got 10 minutes to get there and present my piece. Shit shit shit." Natalie was running to the door now. "Love you Ali."

The door closed and there I was. Left just on the cusp of a fantastic orgasm. So close. I hauled myself up after a moment and figured I'd do what anyone would do at this point. Well, I DO have the internet and there's stories and videos and. . .well, that should work.

I went to a story site and began reading, my hand sliding down between my legs and teasing myself. I was barely reading as my finger slid easily in and out of my aching pussy. I really really needed this, since Natalie left me! I closed my eyes and let my mind wander. I wasn't thinking about any particular story at all. I was just letting random images float through my brain. The smell of Natalie's hair. The feeling of her lips on my stomach. How her muscles would tighten when I licked her in just the right spot. I could feel a building orgasm. A tempest ready to escape my body. I let my finger settle nicely on my clit, rubbing slowly at first, then increasing in pace. My nipples felt almost raw as they pressed hard against my tight black top. The deeper I was breathing, the more the sensations careened from them. 

I opened my eyes quickly, as the familiar sound of a Skype call blared from my speakers. I got annoyed and stopped playing with myself, though my hand stayed firmly between my legs, pressing to my warm and wet pussy lips.

Looking at the notification, I saw that it was Aunt Stacy. I debated for what seemed like a long time whether or not I should answer her video call. Finally I decided I should. She rarely did this, so maybe it was something important.

"Hi Aunt Stacy." I leaned forward, trying to act like I was moments from exploding.

She was smiling, then a look of curiosity floated across her face. Then back to a smile.

"Hello Alison. I wanted to reach out to you and your sister about what I talked to you about when you were here. See, I think I gave you the impression that your mother just married your father because of our mom. She did love him and she was hurt a bit when the marriage fell apart and. . . "

Aunt Stacy kept talking. The upshot seemed to be that although her and mom were, what?, an item. . .that didn't mean that mom and dad weren't in love and loved us kids and blah blah blah. I let my eyes glaze over and opened my legs wider, my finger sliding up and down between my lips, enjoying not only the smooth sensations but also the thought that I was doing this and Aunt Stacy didn't know. A thrill that I know Natalie would approve of. 

"So I hope that cleared that up? Ok Alison?"

I didn't really hear that part. I barely had my eyes open and my breathing had gotten deeper again.

I heard my name. Faintly. Then louder. The feeling emanating from the smooth circular motion of my finger on my sensitive clit was drowning out my other senses. 

"ALISON!"

I heard that. My eyes popped open wide. Wide because before I opened them, I didn't even know they had been closed. On the computer screen Aunt Stacy was leaning forward, staring, and trying to get my attention.

"Are you doing what I think you're doing?" She asked. Initially it sounded like she was berating me. As if she was angry for what I was doing. But it also sounded, upon micro-seconds of rethinking, that she was genuinely curious and excited to know.

I answered the best I could and without even a trace of composure, "Uh, what do you mean?" My fingers stopped moving and my legs held my hand in place with a fierce stiffness.

"Here I was talking to you about your mom," Aunt Stacy continued, "and you have been masturbating the whole time. That's what you're doing, isn't it?"

Oh boy! I looked at the small window on the laptop showing my image. Perspiration on my hairline, flushed cheeks, pupils wide (or so it seemed to me), and I could tell, even now, that I was breathing irregularly. This was one of those times I wished I had Natalie's ability to conjure up a believable lie and sell it wholeheartedly. But since I'm me, I knew I had to either come clean right then, or delay, THEN come clean. I am a terrible liar.

"Well, umm.. ." I mean, how do you respond to that? "Aunt Stacy, you see, Nat was here, and we were, you know, then she left and I was just, you know. . ." I trailed off. Frankly, I didn't have an end to any sentence I was trying to start.

Aunt Stacy leaned back in her chair, looked at me through the camera, tilted her head ever so slightly to the left and spoke clearly and evenly.

"Show me. . .exactly. . .what you were doing Alison." 

I opened my mouth. No sound came out. I wouldn't have even known what to say if I could have said anything. I stared at Aunt Stacy on the screen, her eyes looking directly into the camera, and not at her screen at all. 

I was half panicked and half excited. I felt butterflies in my stomach and the familiar shivers of excitement making my nipples as hard as ever.

Looking at myself in the tiny screen, I could see my eyes, and pupils, wide. I let my hand relax and slide down, fingers moving easily through the very wet hair covering my mound. 

"Show me," Aunt Stacy said evenly and with a kind of authority that, though I didn't know it at the time, I really responded positively to.

I leaned forward and tilted the laptop down just enough to show me from my knees up. I moved back slightly, leaning back in my chair, and opening my legs, slowly, wide enough that I could see on the screen the glistening wetness of my all too excited pussy.

Aunt Stacy smiled a sensual and mesmerizing smile, leaning back herself and slowly unbuttoning her blouse. I was transfixed, I couldn't tear my eyes from the screen. Without thinking my fingers were moving up and down between my lips, spreading the slickness and building up just the right amount of tension that I hoped would lead to a glorious ending. 

"You told me at my house that you once saw your mother masturbating," Aunt Stacy continued, "tell me. . .how did she look?"

I spoke without thinking. I told her about how my mother looked. Her body. Her full breasts moving in rhythm with the purple dildo moving in and out of her pussy, which, by the sound of it, became just as wet as mine did. I told her I couldn't get the image out of my mind. 

My eyes closed, I kept talking. "God she was so fucking hot." I was rubbing my clit in tiny tight circles, feeling waves of pleasure vibrating and exploding outward from my touch. 

"Yes, yes," I heard Aunt Stacy say in a hushed tone, "she is so beautiful. So perfect. Using the same purple dildo I used on her first time." 

I opened my eyes, and watched Aunt Stacy, her top totally open and her wonderfully formed breasts exposed and nipples looking perfectly lickable. I couldn't see below the table she was sitting at, but it was fairly obvious she was rubbing herself as she watched me. This more than anything, being watched, pushed me over the edge. The force and suddenness of my orgasm surprised me and while every muscle tightened and spasmed, I grunted and moaned and I heard myself say, "Cum with me Auntieeee!" I could hear my wetness the faster and more I moved my fingers. When my body seemingly had enough, I held my fingers to my too-sensitive clit as my body temperature was raised to "I need a fan" levels.

Looking down as I nearly collapsed into a ball, I watched my juices dripping off my chair as I continued to pinch my nipple. 

"Fuck me Carol!" I heard Aunt Stacy yell. I watched her on the screen and she was grunting and moving and I could see the continuing quakes flowing through her body as she came again and again. She had stopped being my aunt for a moment and was a desirable woman who was sexy as hell and was cumming, hard, thinking about the sister she shared so much with.

We both were silent for a while, catching our breath. I turned on a small desk fan, as I looked blearily at my screen. I could see in the small picture of myself that I strands of my hair stuck out wildly, making me look like a red haired scarecrow with breasts.

Aunt Stacy smiled at me, and I back at her.

"Well. . ." I began, without any idea how to go on.

"Yeah..." Aunt Stacy responded. "Tell me, does your mom seem ok? I mean," she let her eyes move down and away from the screen and spoke softly, "does she seem happy? I guess I just miss. . ." her voice trailed off. She suddenly seemed very small and vulnerable.

I leaned toward the camera. "She seems fine but," I watched her fiddle with the hair cascading around the edges of her face, "she sometimes seems like she's a bit sad. Like she isn't able to really be herself. Does that make sense?"

Aunt Stacy looked up with a hint of a little-girl smile, "Not able to be herself huh? Maybe you should be a psychiatrist as well as an artist."

We laughed. 

"Ok, that was fun and all, but I have some things to do and I'm sure you need to do something as well. Go to class. Paint a picture. Do something!" She laughed and made me feel that what we did was ok. Strange, certainly, but still ok.

We exchanged goodbyes and I went to take a shower. It had been an eventful morning.

******************************************************************************************************

I took a seat outside my first art class. People, mostly girls my age, walking around. I couldn't help worrying about what I. . .did. . .with Aunt Stacy. There are consequences to your actions, Alison! I mean, was it cheating? I certainly felt guilty afterwards. I let my mind drift away and zoned out and just stared at a girl by the class entrance. She looked young enough to be the younger sister of one of the freshmen. She had light brunette hair done in a French braid. Her skin was darker than mine and she had the type of eyelashes that every little kid has, and every adult woman wants. Longer than seemingly possible and noticeable when she blinks. She stood clutching a brace of books to her chest, which, just to add more to the "little girl" look, was fairly undeveloped. Well, I say undeveloped, but she probably had some kind of shape under the perky yellow dress, but it was impossible to tell. Not that I gave it too much thought. I was mostly worried about what to tell Natalie about this morning. If anything. Dammit, I HAD to tell her something! 

Then the little girl spoke.

"19."

I shook my head, "What?" 

"I'm 19."

"Ummm, ok." I was trying to get my brain to focus on this conversation. I had time later to worry about whether I destroyed my relationship.

The girl walked to me, her thin yellow sun dress hanging loosely, "Everyone thinks I'm some little girl who's lost. Well, I'm not. I'm old enough to be here and even got a scholarship through my church."

Her brow was furrowed and I realized that she must have to make this little speech a lot. 

"I'm sorry. I was actually lost in thought and was unintentionally staring at you. Let me start fresh," I held out my hand, "I'm Alison."

"Brianna."

She smiled a broad smile, her head dipping down, brown eyes squinting with the smile. She certainly was adorable.

We talked about this and that and art and in class I found she was really good at things I wasn't, namely, drawing hands realistically. We laughed and it felt we'd known each other for ages. She was even a runner. 

I told her that if she was ever at The Struggling Man to look for me. She said she would and I watched her walk, well, almost skip, away.

I felt great.

Then I got home and knew I had to talk to Natalie.

Opening the door at home, I was greeted to the sight of Natalie sitting in a chair, arms folded, looking directly at me and also looking quite cross.

I smiled a smile that had to look as genuine as my hair color.

"Hi Nat," I started. She cut me off quickly.

"So, anything of note happen today?" Her eyes never stopped following mine. I think my heart stopped.

Uh oh. What to say now?

"Nat, I have to confess something," my head dropped and I felt like I was going to cry or collapse or collapse then cry. 

I looked back up and saw Natalie smiling, her head bent down slightly and her eyes shining at me. What?

"Look Alison," she began, standing and walking to me, "Aunt Stacy called me. She told me what happened."

My eyes were watery and the swimming image of a smiling, cute, smiling, adorable Natalie moved to me. She kissed me on the forehead, wrapped her arms around me, and continued.

"She told me that she basically forced you to show her what you were doing. I really don't blame you at all." Her lips pressed softly to mine, her breath on my face, her warmth penetrating me to my core. Suddenly I felt my heart beating again.

"To be honest," she continued, "I would have done the same thing. Aunt Stacy has that authoritarian vibe, she's hot and what's not to like about that combination?" She laughed.

"But . . .when I came in you seemed..." I felt small.

"I know, I'm sorry," she said with an embarrassed smile, "I thought it would be funny, but when I saw you getting upset, I felt bad. I wanted to give you some crap, not make you feel bad." She leaned back. Well, as far back as she could get and still hold me. She smiled. I smiled. "Big meanie!"

"Yup," she said, proudly, "that's me!"

Natalie kissed me softly and looked at me from about 3 inches with her huge eyes. She really looked comforting. 

"You won't believe this," she began, "but I actually do feel a bit guilty about this." She smiled.

"And?" 

"Tell you what," she was caressing my shoulders with her expressive fingers, "I'll do something for you. Whatever you want. Go get you food. Some vodka. Drive you to dinner maybe?"

I'm not sure why it popped into my head, but I was glad it did and that I said it so quickly and forcefully.

"I want you to do a striptease." It came out of my mouth so naturally I didn't have time to make any sort of embarrassed face at the request.

"What?" Natalie was actually and genuinely stunned. A beguiling smile played on her face as she let her head move slightly off to the side.
