 Stories in this series were an attempt to write about sex from a woman's perspective. I really did want to write about an older woman who becomes a willing, insatiable slut for men with big cocks. But as I began to write, she had to go through other things first. For the reader, you will find a wide variety of adventures in these stories: lesbianism, domination and submission, toy play, casual sex, incest, and yes, sex with multiple men with large dicks. So if you only want to read about one topic, then go elsewhere. Writing these has been amazing -- more and more adventures for Alana Mills keep lining up and beg to be written. I plan to drive this to the end of the string if there's a response and a demand. Along the way special thanks for inspiration goes out to silkstockingslover and her works. Enjoy, and feedback is encouraged and welcome.

*****

My name is Alana Mills, 42 and recently divorced from a guy with a little dick. Almost as soon as I was exposed to the idea of big cocks, I discovered that I really just wanted sex. A lot of it. With all kinds of people.

I left Sherrie's house that afternoon smelling of her pussy -- the one I had licked and sucked and fingered for a long time. You might think I would be troubled about it -- but you would be wrong. I felt good. I planned on doing it again (and maybe with others), but more importantly, I wanted to feel something bigger than my ex's 4 inch dick in me. You might say it was all acting, but I saw woman after woman completely lose it when filled with big cocks. Their expressions couldn't be faked -- eyes rolling back in their heads, shuddering and jerking, then completely spent and dripping cum. I needed to find out for myself. 

Sherrie had told me about her "collection" -- vibrators and dildos she'd collected and used regularly when her boy friends weren't available. When I got home, I went back to my computer. I opened up a browser window, hooked into a porn site and started queuing up big cock videos. Then I opened another and went back to the Literotica site. I remember seeing that they had a "store" -- so I started to look. First, of course, I had to narrow down what I wanted, and just decided to start with dildos. OMFG!! They had over 2200 to choose from! I opened an account, invented a username and password (Emptyholes and wantsbigcock were my first choices. I've changed them since then.) and then went searching. I couldn't buy them all, so I started with the "realistic" ones and saved one that was 9.5" long. But I hesitated and left it in my shopping cart. It seemed like too personal an item to buy without test driving.

Sherrie had told me that the "Adults Videos" store was a good resource, so I dressed and went. When I parked my car in the lot, I passed a few men who were leaving. They wouldn't look me in the eye and just hurried to their cars. That was okay by me. Once inside, I went up to the desk and rang the little bell.

In a moment a petite blonde girl with highly visible tattoos and piercings- to say nothing of an enormous chest area that she proudly displayed - came to the desk. "I'm Tina, Can I help you?" 

"I hope so, Tina. My name is Alana, and I'm wondering if you carry lifelike dildos?" 

I wish I had a camera with me to catch her reaction. It was priceless! Her eyes widened. She took a long look at me from my legs up to my crotch and my boobs, then grinned. "Turn around and look at the wall. I think you will find something to your liking."

I did, and an entire wall seemed to be jammed full of artificial dicks of all shapes and sizes. "I see what you mean. I'm new at this - do you have any recommendations?"

That elicited a gasp from Tina and a sharp intake of breath from three of the men who had now turned to look at us. (I later found out that women weren't generally customers.) "New?" she asked, eyes wide. "As in, you've never played with toys? Is that really possible?"

"I'm afraid so. They weren't really available when I got married, and now that I'm divorced I'm hoping to make up for lost time. I'm especially interested in something larger than my ex's tiny dick. I just don't know how big I can manage. I guess I have a lot to learn." 

"Hold on, Alana, let me take care of some business here and I will give you my personal attention. If you can stick around."

I nodded agreement, then watched as she picked up a microphone and announced the store would be closing in 10 minutes! She started flicking the lights on and off, and I heard a bunch of voices complain. Soon a number of men filed out of an area that was curtained off and left the store. She sold a couple of videos and some magazines before she escorted the last man out, locking the door behind him and turning off the exterior light. Then she turned back to me.

"Ok, Alana, let's first go look at what we have on display." With that she took me by the arm, and pulled it up against her large, firm breast. "How big was your ex?"

"He was 4 inches. I had sex with a couple of men before him, but none of them was more than 6 inches long. So I'm interested in something even larger. Especially after seeing some of them on the internet."

"Well, we have everything from big to battering ram sized. I wouldn't recommend that, but let's look." With that we were facing a wall full of dongs in plastic packaging, seemingly arranged from smallest to largest. 

"Er, Tina, do you have any favorites?" I blushed as I asked her. "My friend Sherrie says she's a regular customer. Does she just come in here for recommendations?"

"You should probably ask her about what she does when she visits." she replied. "But that gives me a better idea of what you want. She's a size queen -- but if you're new at this, I don't think we'll want to copy her purchases. Here's my personal favorite. This one is 9 inches, with lifelike skin and a movable foreskin. Notice the suction cup base? It's designed to stick where ever you want it and allow you to control it."

"Can I feel it?" I said. 

"Only if you pay for it -- there are health codes that say once opened, they can't be repackaged so the store loses out. But like I said, it's my favorite so I have one just like it in back. I can go get it while you continue looking. I have to wash it, so I'll be a couple of minutes. Why don't you keep looking?"

With that, she left me to ponder the enormous variety of artificial insertions on display. Fat ones. Long, skinny ones. One that said it even ejaculated. And there were all different shades of skin color as well. I had been horny when I left home -- I was practically gushing now. (Actually, I was beginning to feel like it was becoming a permanent state. Not that I minded.) My panties were soaked! My nipples were like burning stones rubbing against the fabric of my blouse. I just kept imagining being surrounded by hard, throbbing cocks...

"Here we are," said Tina, interrupting my train of thought. "I hope you aren't bothered by the fact that it's been used. A lot, actually." she giggled. 

"Bothered?" I said. "No, I'm just wondering how such a big model could fit into such a tiny body. It doesn't seem possible!"

"Well, it is! And it's exquisite! First, sit down in that chair. Now get comfortable, close your eyes and hold out your hands."

I did as she said, spreading my legs and grinding my pussy into the chair. Then I felt this warm, massive thing in my hand. The surface seemed soft, but it was covering a very solid mass. "It's warm! Do they all do that?" I asked.

"I told you I had to clean it -- this one picks up body heat and holds it. I was using it before you came into the store. Hope that doesn't gross you out."

"No, it doesn't. But if I interrupted you I am going to have to make that right at some point" I said. "That wouldn't bother you, would it?"

"Honey," she replied, "I work here for a reason! All sexual contact is good -- and some is even great! Meanwhile, concentrate on what you have in your hands."

I happily obliged her, continuing to feel the weight of the dildo. Running my hands all over it, feeling the lifelike balls, the huge head, and the rigidity of the mass. 

"It's not huge, but don't you just love the feel of it? There are bigger ones, but this baby is almost magical. Are you ready for the next part?" she asked. I nodded.

Suddenly the fake dick in my hand started moving! Wiggling and vibrating with a life of it's own. Tina laughed!

"The only downside to this model is that it goes through batteries pretty quickly." 

By now I had my living dildo held up close to me, running it over my face and my nipples. I could feel my hips thrusting forward. Tina noticed that as well. 

"Well, if you really want to try it out, then you want it on your skin. The shades are down -- why don't you get naked?" she suggested. "If it makes you nervous, I can look away."

"No need, Tina. If you will, I will." With that she took the dildo, turned it off and put it aside. I stood up and stripped of my blouse -- my small boobs aren't ever contained in a bra, then worked my pants and pants down off my hips. At the same time Tina's t-shirt came off to reveal two huge boobs in a flimsy black bra. I couldn't stop staring at them!

"You like them?" she asked. "All natural, 38EEE. Got them from my Mom's side of the family." She reached behind her, unsnapping the hooks of her bra and freeing her flesh. They barely drooped, and ended with an almost chocolate brown areola with nipples that were at least ¾ inch long. My mouth began to water, and I started to lean towards her. "Go ahead, Alana. Touch them."

That was all the permission I needed. I pulled her close and onto my lap. Then I began lightly running my hands all over her upper body. She shuddered when I started playing with the upper portion of her boobs -- a spot I knew was as sensitive as my nipples. I kept lightly touching, exploring, working my hands closer and closer to her nipples and then moving away. Her hips were grinding on my lap. 

Before I got to her nipples, I leaned forward and began to gently blow hot air on the surface of her boobs. A moan escaped from her. Then, in addition to the butterfly touches all over, I began to lightly kiss every inch of her boobs, paying a lot of attention to the sides and the bottoms. It meant I had to lift them -- but she didn't seem to mind. Her head was thrown back and she was moaning even louder. Then I reached her nipples -- one hand on the right one, gently pinching and twisting, and my mouth on the left one, licking and sucking and nipping. She came right then and there!

In a few moments her eyes opened and she looked up at me. "Holy shit! I've never had an orgasm just from someone playing with my boobs! You have a magic touch!"

"No I don't" I answered. "I just know what feels really good on mine and used that as a guideline. All the men I ever dated just wanted to squeeze and twist and feel powerful. I did finally teach my ex a different way -- and I guess his secretary owes me a thank you!"

"I'll say! But this was all supposed to be your chance to test drive a big cock and it became about me. So we need to get this back on track!" With that she jumped off my lap, slipped off her shorts and now soaked panties down her legs and stepped out of them. Before I knew it, she was kneeling between my legs, spreading them wider and moving up to breath heavily on my pussy."

"I always wondered what it would be like to see my Mom's pussy," she said. "She's about your age. And I'm a naughty slut of a daughter!" I started to laugh and stopped abruptly as her tongue jammed it's way through my outer and inner lips and invaded my pussy. I just moaned loudly and lay back.

Sherrie thought I was good -- Tina was like a concert violinist, playing my dripping cunt as if it were a Stradivarius. Her lips and tongue investigated every fold and crevice, working their way in and around. She found places in me I don't think anyone had ever touched and my mind was boggled. My entire attention was on my pussy and her mouth. My world shrunk down to her lips/my cunt/her tongue/my clit. I came over and over.

I lost track, but was still buzzing when I felt a large, rounded presence at the lips of my pussy. Her mouth was sucking on my clit, but I felt pressure as this object moved up and down my outer lips, coming back to poke gently into my tunnel, moving a little deeper each time. Then there was nothing else but the pressure of this enormous fat round hard bulb pressing into me and suddenly inside my cunt. It was expanding me from the inside. Pressing my inner walls and filling me. 

The pressure continued, and more and more of it began to fill me. Deeper and deeper, this amazing pressure was stuffing my cunt and moving in and out. I was being stretched and found myself moaning and gasping and cumming over and over. The orgasms were like nothing ever before. Places inside of me were that I had never felt were being expanded. Finally I felt the impact of those artificial balls on my ass and I knew it was all the way in me. I was stuffed like never before. I was breathing hard, panting, and amazed at what I had been missing all these years. 

"You should see your face," said Tina, who by now was leaning over me. "You look as if you are in another world. Are you ready?"

"Ready? Ready for what?" I asked, puzzled.

"For this" she said as she turned on the vibrator and held it all the way inside me.

The world exploded! Whatever I was calling orgasms before this were mere twitches compared to the way my pussy responded! Suddenly I was jerking and spasming out of control, my arms and legs flopping, bright lights flashing across my eyelids. I know I made noise -- Tina later told me I screamed and she was worried someone would call the cops! -- but other than feeling as if I had been knocked into some other zone of consciousness, I only remember that I thought I had gone to heaven. 

I came to some time later with an emptiness in my being -- and in my pussy. Still naked, Tina was busy with paper towels, soaking up liquid from the floor around me. She looked up.

"See why it's my favorite?" she grinned. 

I smiled back, weakly. "I'll take it. What else would I like?"

I left with two that were just like her favorite: a "Magic Wand" that I remember Sherrie taking about, as well as a set of butt plugs and some lube. And Tina's address and phone number as well, since she promised to provide further personalized service. 

Life was getting to be interesting. Very interesting!

[To Be Continued]