 There's something about that moment when you catch my eye across the club. We'd planned it this way because the anticipation of meeting is usually better than the actual event. Some silly "he loved me... now he doesn't" song is playing when you walk in. As you get closer, the smile on your face spreads. 

When you're close enough to touch, I smile, "Damn, you are taller than me."

Your eyebrow arches just slightly when you dip your head and whisper in my ear, "Is that a problem?"

I smile against your neck and shake my head just a bit, "Nah, everyone's taller than me."

"God, you smell good." You laugh a little and it tickles my neck, making me break out in chills. You know my neck is a weak spot for me and you plan to use it to your advantage. Bending a bit more and touching me nowhere else, you very lightly brush your lips against the curve of my neck.

"Shit," I sigh. I take a deep breath of you and say in your ear, "You smell edible."

"Then that makes two of us," you smirk.

"Question is," I grin, "who's going to take the first taste?"

You pull away from me just far enough to look into my face, "Good question." Studying my face, you swallow hard, "I was horribly mistaken."

Completely confused, I ask, "About what?"

"I thought I'd take one look into your eyes and know exactly what I want or feel or think but honestly, I'm not thinking," sliding your arms around my waist, you pull me in for a hug. "But I am wanting and feeling."

Shaking my head a little and smiling from ear to ear, I wrap my arms around your neck, "Wanting what? And what are you feeling?" When I put my head on your shoulder, I can hear your heartbeat vaguely. I notice that it's racing in spite of how calm you seem to be. I know mine's racing, but I'm not pretending to be cool as a cucumber!

Right in my ear, and giving me a full-body shiver, you almost moan, "Wanting and feeling the same thing... you."

Chuckling, I lean back and look in your eyes, "You are laying it on thick! What's gotten into you?"

Flashing a sexy smile, you wiggle your eyebrows, "Nothing yet, but maybe later you will."

When I throw my head back and laugh, you watch me. I look into your face again and nod, "You think you can handle that?"

Pretending to think about it, you purse your lips, "Hmmm." Then you smile, "Honestly, I don't know. But I do know this: I'd like to try, if you're willing."

Testing you, I let my smile fade and study your face. Slowly, as if distracted by them, I trace your lips with a fingertip. You kiss my finger lightly and I smile before capturing my bottom lip with my teeth. I know you're watching me. I can see the artery in your neck pulsing hard and fast. When I lick my lips, I drag my eyes from your lips to your eyes, "Fuck yeah, I'm willing. Whenever you're ready, I'm yours." My eyes soften, my body sort of melts into you, and I sound for all the world like I'm moments from breathing your name in a climax, "But please, please, baby, make it soon."

The look on your face, one of utter awe and shock, can't be faked with all the acting talent in the world. When you find your voice, it's weak but still audible, "Jesus." You shake your head slightly but quickly as if to shake the images out, "You got me all fuzzy now, damn!" The laugh you let out is nervous and adorable.

I decide to give you a break and step away from you, "Turn around and let me see you."

"No," you counter, "you first. You told me you picked this just for me and I want to enjoy the whole thing."

"Fine," I smile and hold my arms out as I turn slowly. The blouse is black, cut low in the front, and flairs to a flirty hem just below the waist of the shiny black skirt. The black platform shoes and understated silver jewelry complete a look I hope makes me look as sexy as I feel.

As if you read my mind, you hold out your arms, "Damn." Looking at the ceiling, you point at me, "That is one fantastic masterpiece. Thank you for bringing it to see me."

Smirking, I know I'm blushing but I pretend to not care, "Okay, turn."

"Wait," you step forward and slide your hand against the back of my neck and up into my hair, burying your fingers in it. Pressing your cheek against mine and planting a hand on my back to hold me against you, you whisper, "You are very, very beautiful. Don't doubt that for a minute. And I am damn glad you haven't noticed that every chick in this place is jealous of me and hoping I fuck up."

With a little backbone from nowhere, I hold your ear next to my mouth, "Wait til they know for sure you had a piece of me. Then they'll really be jealous."

If hearts made a sound when they stopped, yours would be the loudest in the place. It takes a moment to get your senses to start back up but when they do, you sigh, "Fuck. You really say that shit out loud, huh?"

"Oh," I giggle in your ear and you shiver, "was I a bit too honest?"

You step back with a deep breath, "I'm gonna show you my outfit now so I can put my pride back together." I look you over as you turn slowly. You look so good it almost hurts. Your tank top is tucked into a pair of fashionably baggy jeans and covered by a short-sleeved button down shirt. With your hair pulled back and boots on, you're the physical manifestation of every dream I've ever had about you...all the good ones, anyway. The sexiest thing about you, though, is that you know you hit the nail on the head with the outfit. There's also a gleam in your eye that I'm not sure about.

Tilting my head to the side, I ask, "What?"

Looking at me like I'm an entrée, you motion with your finger, "Come here."

"What," I ask again, walking towards you. When your arms circle my waist, mine go back around your neck.

The song that starts playing is "Skin" by Rhianna. I know the song too well to not think about all the things I'd rather be doing with you while this song plays. When you whisper in my ear, though, my brain shuts off entirely, "I'm wearing something under this that's just as important as the part of my outfit you can see."

Swallowing hard, I ask, "You mean...you took me up on my dare?"

Wanting to illicit a response, you flick my earlobe with your tongue, "I win."

"No losers, remember?" Taking a cue from you, I moan in your ear, "No one loses, baby." When you shiver just a little, I smile and press against you and move to the beat of the song. Half singing along, I whisper in your ear, "Come here baby, all I wanna see you in is just skin."

"Oh, shit," you sigh and hold me closer. "You keep that up, and I won't wait til we leave here."

I scoff and challenge you, "Bullshit. You don't have the guts to take me here." I grind against you, causing your body to move against me, too. The friction just makes us hotter. Knowing what you've got under those jeans does something to me I hadn't thought it would. We've been in each others arms less than 15 minutes and we already want to devour each other. But I don't think we honestly thought anything less than this would happen. We're too much alike to not be attracted and too much the same to know what that actually makes us to each other. And most of the time, it doesn't matter.

You work your thigh between mine and pull my hips against yours. Kissing my neck softly, you forget everyone's watching. You ignore all the things you said you wouldn't and don't do. Letting go and just feeling the moment, it makes you even hotter to know my body is on fire and it's your fault. You can feel the heat even through your jeans. Grabbing my ass, you pull me harder against you. Grunting, you ask in my ear, "Are you wearing anything under this skirt?"

"Nope." I delight in the shiver that overtakes you. The noise you make causes me to smile wickedly and imagine what it'd be like if you did take me here. Maybe there's a dark corner...

"Shit. Oh my God." Your eyes, frantic almost, look over my shoulder for something. When you look back down at me, you seem frazzled, "I.." you search my face. "I want..." You sigh, frustrated, and then take a sharp breath. Holding the back of my head, you capture my lips in a deep, hard, and passionate kiss. With a bite of my bottom lip at the end, I get your message loud and clear.

"More," I nod.

You nod back, "All of it."

"Bathroom," I smile.

"Brilliant!"

I grab your hand and pull you through the crowd. There's no time to get nervous or worried or self-conscious. The bathroom is mercifully empty and surprisingly small. Before either of us chickens out, we're kissing again, hands frantically trying to find flesh, and bodies screaming, "FINALLY!"

Pressing me against the sink, you slide your hands under my blouse and unclasp my bra with ease. As you kiss a blazing trail from my lips down my neck, I breathe, "Damn, you're good at that!" Untucking your tank top, I finally touch your skin and it's as hot as mine, "Take this off."

Kissing me wildly, you peel the button-down off. When you toss it over the doorknob, I bite your neck and suck gently, making you moan. I decide I like that noise a lot and bite your bottom lip as your hand slides up the outside of my thigh under my skirt. As we kiss, your hand teases my hip and my thumbs tempt your nipples. With a bit of a groan, you tear away from my lips, "God, I'm burning up!"

When I grab your hand, you look at me questioningly. Your face melts into one of lust when I press it against my wetness, "So am I." Gasping, I shiver when your thumb brushes my clit, "Shit."

"Mmm," you breathe in my ear, "come on and open up for me, baby." I put one foot on the toilet beside the sink, spreading my legs for your hand. As your finger slides into me, I close my eyes and drop my head back. You press your mouth against my throat, "Shit, you feel so fucking good."

"Oh my god," I whimper, moving my hips in time with your finger. I'm so wet you add a finger without me even realizing it right off. But when you pull out and push them back in, I shudder against you, "God damn, yes."

Not knowing why or how, you realize you suddenly want to be inside me in a different way. Slowly removing your fingers, you kiss me deep and unbutton your jeans. You worried about what to do before tonight but now, with me against the sink, wanting you like I do, you suddenly have no doubts. Sliding the tip of the toy into me, you watch my face.

"Yes," I gasp and open my eyes. I smile at you, "Slow and all the way in." As you sink into me, I shiver, "You feel so good. Oh god, so good."

Feeling my body clamping down on the toy makes you feel powerful in a way you can't quite explain. You almost want to growl, "Mine," as you pull out and plunge back into me over and over. The sink is too low so you wrap my legs around your waist and I wrap my arms around your neck as you press me against the bathroom wall, "Mmm that's much better." Your hips grind into mine and you grit your teeth when you feel my thighs tighten around your waist, "God, I can't get close enough."

Claiming your lips with mine, I whimper every time you slam into me. Pressing my back into the wall, I grind my hips against you. Your lips kiss down my neck and you bite me, making me even wetter, "Fuck yes."

Growling, you thrust harder, "You want it hard?"

"Yes," I shiver and claw at you, "fuck me hard."

"Look at me," you demand.

Dragging my eyes open, I stare into your eyes, "Fuck me."

You arch your back, making me insane, and I bend to bite your neck again. This time when I suck, though, it's not soft. You know it's going to leave a mark and that creates a deliciously wicked feeling in you, "That's it, baby. Mark me."

As your hips slam into mine, pushing me closer and closer to the edge, I rake my nails up your back and groan in your ear, "Mine." You shiver a little and I add, "All mine...and I'm all yours."

"Mmm Mine," you grunt and dig into me with your hips.

"Fuck yes. All yours."

Unbelievably, you know you're going to cum when I do. The idea of claiming me like this turns you on more than you thought you would be and now you're just as close as I am, "Tell me what you want."

"I want you to make me cum," I groan. "Please, baby. Please make me cum. I'm so close. Make me take it."

Sliding your hand into my hair again, you take a handful and pull my head back, biting my neck repeatedly, "Take it." You rock into me over and over, harder every time, "Take it all."

Spreading my legs as far as they'll go, I take the entire length in over and over, each time getting closer and closer to going over the edge, "Fuck me." When you bend your head down and bite the swell of my breast and suck hard, I careen over the edge with a deep, guttural noise, "Yessss."

When I start trembling in my orgasm, it's too much for you and you bury the toy inside me, pinning me against the wall as your body slams into an orgasm, "God yesss." You move just slightly against me, prolonging the pleasure just as much as you can, "Mmmm God."

Breathing hard, I smile, "Damn."

Smiling at me, you mutter, "God damn we're good." You step back and slowly lower me to the ground on my own two feet, "Are you okay?"

"Aw," I reach up and touch your cheek, "I'm fine. But thank you for making sure. Are you okay?"

"Hell yeah!" You laugh, "I feel like a million bucks!" A loud bang startles us both, "What the hell was that?"

My jaw drops and I laugh, "I think someone needs the bathroom!"

We giggle and quickly straighten our clothes. When you're done, you help me with my bra, kissing my neck just to see what it does to me. When you see the chills, you catch my eye in the mirror above the sink. Smiling, you whisper in my ear, "I already want you again."

Teasing you, I press my ass against your hips and your smile goes away quickly. I smile, "Mmmm me too. And it'd be so easy to just flip that skirt up, wouldn't it?"

Without much thought you look down and notice that it would be very easy, "Just flip it up and bend you over a little more." Lost in the images in your head, you move your hips against me, simulating what you'd do if you could.

I bend over and press hard against you, knowing this is going to drive you crazy, "And just fuck me hard."

Something in you breaks or melts or just gives up totally and you sigh, shaking the images from your mind's eye, "Damn woman. We have to get out of here before we never leave."

Turning around and kissing you, I laugh, "Plenty of time for more." My smile fades and I add, "And I will have more. I will."

With a serious nod, you reply, "Yes, you will."