  (First things first: a big thank you to sexnovella, who edited my story at the speed of light. And another thank you to Whispersecret and the essay "How to Make Characters Talk". As a non-native English speaker, this guide was extremely helpful. To the ones who are curious and give a chance to the rookie writer – me –, feel free to comment and rate and, if you're curious, ask for the next chapter. This is a story about domination, wonderful women, power, and orgasms that shatter the boundaries of impossible. Skorupa means "shell" in Polish, being a surname and a nickname for a secretive person. With that in mind, I played with that meaning here to design a secretive personality. Our main character has a dirty little secret, and I hope you stay with her through the entire story to find out what it is...)




The redheaded woman arrived at the humongous building, eager to start working. It was her first day at Pentex Holding, and she needed to prove she was more than a beautiful face and body. Yes, she was a wonderful woman indeed: young (not more than 25 years old), six feet tall, with a red mane for hair, blue eyes, long and firm legs, nice hips, and a remarkable set of breasts: big, round, firm, and impossible not to notice. She was wearing a nice suit, black, with white accessories and black high heels (which added about four inches to her already splendorous height), and some heads already started to turn and look at her. Gabrielle Skorupa took the elevator alone, to the 45th floor, and searched for the office of Ms. Sophie Hargreaves, the local manager, and her boss.

When she found the office, she needed no introduction. She announced her name to her secretary (a cute brunette with a nice smile but a haircut going wrong), that promptly directed her to the door, gently knocking before:

"Ms. Hargreaves?" The young girl called.

"Yes, Hannah?"

"Ms. Sk... Skorupa is here." She stammered a bit at her name.

"Send her in!"

Hannah opened the door and the tall woman entered the office. Sophie Hargreaves got up and shook her hand. She was shorter about a head, seemed to be about thirty years old, yet she seemed quite powerful, with her dark hair and fair skin, big green eyes, golden earrings and matching jewelry, expensive clothing, and of course, the whole managing of the Import/Export Division of the Pentex Holding.

"It is a pleasure, Ms. Hargreaves."

"Spare the introduction, Ms. Skorupa. Have a seat." Sophie sat down first, while Gabrielle sat and crossed her long legs. "I'm more of a "direct" person."

"If you're a direct person, can you allow me to be as well?"

"Sure, Ms. Skorupa. What is it?"

"Excellent." She flexed her fingers. "What challenge can you offer me here?"

Sophie's eyes flared instantly. "Arrogance won't take you anywhere, lady."

"It's not arrogance, Ms. Hargreaves. This is probably the #1 best place in the world to work right now, and I want to be not only an employee, but part of this company."

Sophie raised a finger. "I'm not sure if you can take up a real challenge here, Ms. Skorupa. I'll-"

"If I'm not up to the challenge, you can fire me on the spot. I have the cards and I'm going all-in." Gabrielle interrupted her, eagerly. 'And I'm willing to play aggressively', she thought to herself.

Sophie looked at her with a bit of interest.

"Interesting. I'm starting to like you. Your office is being set up as we speak. I want you to direct all your efforts to this." She handled a thin file, labeled 'UE/Bev'. 

"We want to start importing luxury beverages from some countries in the UE but no one is able to cut all the red tapes of the different countries." As she spoke, Gabrielle was already fumbling the file pages. "If you manage to do this, it will be a great feat for you and for us. If not, I'll personally sign your resignation. So, do you still want your challenge?"

Gabrielle looked up, straight to her eyes, and firmly said, "I'm up to it, Ms. Hargreaves, and I want to start working on this right now."

"You have a strong will, Ms. Skorupa. Let's see how long you'll be able to keep it."

And with that, Gabrielle left her boss's office. Hannah showed the way to her new office, neat and with all she (probably) needed to start working, but unfortunately a bit small. Gabrielle grabbed the phone and started a sequence of calls. She studied in Germany and had traveled to mostly all countries the holding wanted to do business: Italy, Portugal, France, and so on. The first call of many rang a phone in Germany.

***

Seven weeks later...

Almost two months can change a lot of things. Gabrielle Skorupa had set her work done as easily as she could. It was tough to deal with the dealers, especially in another country, but a videoconference and the sight of a stunning, chesty and surgically precise businesswoman on the webcam seems to relieve the red tape, since most of them were men.

The whole office seemed to acknowledge Gabrielle was there. She received some invites to go out, but declined them, knowing she needed focus. Even being a mean girl to the adventurous men, she befriended lots of people from the office, especially Hannah, Sophie Hargreaves's secretary. 

She was ready to prove herself. With all set, Gabrielle requested a meeting with Sophie. The meeting occurred at a Friday, at 4 p.m., and Sophie was stressed, really stressed. Hannah warned her before she entered the office, to meet a woman bellowing angrily on a phone, much different from the Sophie Hargreaves she met the past month:

"Lock this damned door, girl." Gabrielle obeyed. "And now tell me what the actual fuck you're doing here?!" Sophie exploded. "Seven weeks and I don't hear a word from you! I was already planning on writing your freaking obituary!"

"W-What's wrong, Ms. Hargreaves?"

"That fucking office of the Emirates, those bastards doesn't seem to... oh, shit, sorry about my manners..." She served herself a gulp of water, trying to calm down.

"Our team at the United Arab Emirates did something bad for the company." Her tone was suggesting that was the end of the topic. "Now, tell me what you're doing here, if you may?"

Gabrielle handled what seemed to be a big list of contracts. There should be a hundred – no, two hundred pages of freshly printed paper. "All I need now is your signature."

"Wait... You did it? How?"

"I manage to be fluent in German, Italian, and Polish, my almost-native language." Gabrielle raised a long finger to each language. "And I'm also able to speak some Spanish and some French. I managed to get good contracts for the best Porto wines, Russian vodka, three or four luxury Scottish whiskies, and a good set of Italian wines. And I'm sure I can go on with that."

"OK. OK I get it. You managed it." She was reading the contracts superficially, speeding her eyes, but her face was contorted with disbelief. "How could you do it so fast? The legal part, it's all here, the contacts... you did it all by yourself?"

"I had some help from Larson to improve the legal contents," she said honestly. "But yes, Ms. Hargreaves, seven weeks of my hard work stands on your hands."

"You," she paused, "You can call me Sophie from now on."

"Thank you Sophie." Gabrielle smiled beautifully, catching her boss totally off-guard.

Sophie lowered her eyes, and a hint of a blush colored her high cheeks. But this lasted only for a few seconds, as she regained composure, with energy sparkling from her green eyes.

"You're amazing! Such a beautiful and talented woman, what a very powerful asset we hold now! Even the CEO will be eventually interested."

"The CEO? Mr. Davies?"

"Yes, that's the one. He'll eventually hear about a new girl who handled a complicated file," she said, with a full smile on her lips, and a look that made Gabrielle remember a Discovery Channel program about panthers. Sophie's eyes were like a panther about to hunt her prey.

"But for now, I officially welcome you to the Pentex Holding. Your job here is one hundred percent safe, girl. How about we go out tonight?"

The sudden invitation made Gabrielle frown. "What, both of us?"

"Yeah," she said carelessly. "Yeah, you and me. Ever heard of the Three Devils Club?"

"The one that occupies a whole floor of the Juno Hotel, yes." The Juno Hotel was part of The Pantheon chain of five-star hotels, with names of the Greek gods for their huge buildings, and some of the newest hotels abroad were being baptized with the names of the Nordic gods. There was already Odin, Thor, and Sif, and Brynhild (despite being a Valkyrie and not a goddess) was next on the line.

"And also the one that costs my whole salary or more to get inside." Gabrielle sighed.

"Don't be silly. The Pantheon is part of the Pentex Holding, and, as a manager, I can get us inside, even without a reservation."

"Really?" Gabrielle was shocked.

"Really," Sophie said again with that careless tone of 'I'm the boss'. "So, how about it?"

"You don't have to ask me twice, boss," she teased.

"It's Sophie!" She threw a small paper ball at her, laughing. "You really did a great job, Gabrielle. You deserve some fun."

***

At 11 p.m., Sophie knocked on Gabrielle's door, and was promptly answered. The night was cold but needed no extra clothing. 

Sophie was wearing black higher heels, and chose a wonderful mini dress with sleeves, dark with ivory and gold embroidering, but showing a large portion of her nice, thick thighs; and Gabrielle was wearing a red one-shoulder showing a generous cleavage and matching bright red shoes. They were so dressed to kill.

Sophie drove her classy Porsche to the Three Devils Club while chatting happily. They were about to ignore all the huge line outside of the club, when Gabrielle had an idea.

"Wait, Sophie."

"What? Why?"

"How about we check in?" she suggested. "I mean, we'll both get some drinks, dance, get wasted... you shouldn't drive after all that, right?"

Sophie pondered for a moment. "Yeah you're right. Let's do it before we go to the party, huh?"

And so, they took a detour to the lobby, where the receptionist stared at the two gorgeous women, mouth half-opened.

"I'd like to book a room for two. Valhalla floor please."

"For two?", he asked, his mouth opening a little more. Gabrielle said nothing.

"Yeah, why?"

"N-Nothing, ma'am." He started typing her order.

Both girls climbed up to the 12th floor, to a big comfy room, with a nice warm bed, a fireplace lit up for a cold day, good liquors stacked, a neat bathroom, and two hot women inside. Gabrielle left her purse (quite big, Sophie noticed) on a chair and threw herself and Sophie glasses of Gold Label.

"A little warm-up?" Sophie asked.

"Yeah, something like that," she answered as Sophie gulped down her whisky and poured herself another dose. A double dose, this time.

"I would never imagine you were the whisky-drinker type."

"I learned how to drink for real when I was in college. There was this young girl, a prodigy. We lived in the same apartment with two other girls, and her parents were kind of rich. She liked to buy some strong stuff and shared with us. Whisky, strong wines, vodka. We all used to say we liked the flavors, but in the end, we all got smashed."

"And why would she share if she was paying?"

"She wasn't selfish," Gabrielle grinned as Sophie started laughing.

"How old were you back then?"

"I was eighteen already. The prodigy girl, I think she was barely 17 when we started drinking."

"But this is violating the law," Sophie frowned. "You never got caught?"

"Well, no. I was 18 already, and I usually bought it, she only provided the money. So, they checked my ID, but it was OK. When she turned 18 she started buying herself, but she still liked sharing with us."

Sophie laughed, the whisky glass already empty again.

"And now you're here drinking with me."

"And now I'm here drinking with you," she winked.

Sophie smiled. "You know... you look stunning. Hell, you are stunning."

"Is this the whisky already affecting you?" Gabrielle giggled.

"Oh, no, my dear... this is me hitting on you."

"Oh no... I'm being so harassed right now."

"You surely are..." And Sophie hugged her, passionately, lifting her head to kiss the tall redhead full in the lips. That soft, warm kiss, seasoned with whisky, started setting both girls on fire.

Sophie bit her lip, while her hands touched the thin waist, going up for the huge firm boobs. She squeezed them softly and Gabrielle gasped. Then she licked the portion of the boobs exposed by the cleavage. By now Sophie showed she was so, so horny, and she had no idea what was about to happen.

Sophie kept teasing the taller girl, and took two steps behind. She took her shoes off, going shorter four or five inches, and pulled off her dress seductively, revealing a cute black G-string and a matching black bra holding her C-cup breasts. Gabrielle, already stunned by the vision, touched her flat belly with her hand.

"This will be a night to remember, my dear," said Sophie.

"Oh it will, Sophie, absolutely." And then, all of a sudden, the redhead transformed herself. Not in a physical but more of a behavior way. Her eyes flashed with malice, her lips moved to a sultry smile, and above all else, she was not the naïve girl anymore. She not-so-gently pulled Sophie's hair back and turned her around, exposing her sweet ass, while Sophie was (once more) caught off-guard.

"But, hey! What are you doing?"

"I was messing with you, Sophie." Her voice seemed totally different now. It changed somehow. The tone, the notes on her voice, even her accent changed slightly, with a hint of German. Everything was built up for submitting the brunette.

"Skorupa is a nickname to someone secretive. This is my little secret, my dear Sophie Hargreaves." She licked her ear slowly, while her huge breasts pressed Sophie's back. "You are now mine. Totally mine." The stunning and stacked redhead licked her neck while pulling her hair, and with the other hand she started squeezing Sophie's breasts, already moaning with anticipated pleasure. She was able to unlace the bra with only one hand ('Oh!' Sophie gasped) and before touching her small swollen nipples, she made her lick her fingers. She was totally tamed.

Gabrielle turned her and kissed her again, the two tongues meeting in a swirl. Then she started going down and sucking her nipples, playing with then in her mouth, with kisses that made Sophie's world go round. Gabrielle then moved her hand to Sophie's ass, pushed the G-string aside, and, without a warning, shoved two long fingers (index and middle) inside her burning-hot pussy, and the thumb pressed hard her tight ass.

Sophie gasped and moaned instantly. "Oooooh, Gab... Oooh! What are you-OOOOH!"

She started masturbating Sophie's pussy and ass at the same time with a skill that drove Sophie mad. She screamed with pleasure, barely able to breathe, and within seconds, she winced and started coming in her hand, but not a common orgasm. It was a real, powerful orgasm that blasted Sophie's inside, making her squirt for the first time in her life. Her body shook as if she was receiving an electric shock. She came thrice in a row and squirted even more, the sweet honey drooping on her mistress hand and her thighs.

"What... what was that?" Sophie was still catching her breath.

"Your first real orgasm, dear," Gabrielle pointed matter-of-factly.

"You made me squirt all over your hand!"

"And I'm not done with you. Take that off." Gabrielle pointed at her small G-string. Sophie obeyed more quickly than Hannah would obey any order. The G-string flew to somewhere in the room.

To be continued...