 This story has been collaborated by two authors and each part is written from her own perspective. Brittni4u and Skye_sub are two bisexual females who, through fate, met up for a passionate girl on girl experience. We hope that you read and enjoy both versions.  

A heavy sigh fell from my lips after getting off the phone with my dispatcher. He was sending me all the way down to California with a load of freight. One might think I'd be pleased to escape the ice, snow and bone chilling winds of the Canadian prairies, but those people aren't well versed in all the snow, mountains and bullshit I'd have to plow through just to get there. Besides, I hadn't been home in weeks, not that as a single girl I had much to go home to. Yet, I was starting to miss my comfy couch in my warm apartment, and I had been looking forward to hitting the bars with my friends. 

Something else was driving my need to get home as well. March had arrived, not that it means much here. We would still have, at very least, another six weeks of winter before we'd see any sign of spring. It would seem, my biological clock hadn't gotten that memo. For me, spring fever had already arrived and with it my characteristic rise in libido. 

Ripe in my fantasies as I rolled down the road was my "on again, off again" girlfriend, Jennifer. Technically we were currently in the "off" position, but I had been hoping I could change that. Not that it mattered now anyway; I wouldn't be seeing her or anyone else besides the overweight bearded truckers hanging out at truck stops. The type of man that somehow smells of both diesel fumes and copious amounts of axe body spray. Score! 

Despite my concerns otherwise, the trip south went relatively smoothly. There were some rough patches of weather here and there but before I knew it, I was skirting around Anaheim on my way south to San Diego. 

My shoulders had been tensed ever since driving through Yellowstone. Along with a rough drive through some freezing rain came some seriously stressful moments. I could feel the residual tension gripping my shoulder muscles so tightly they would spasm resulting in white hot bolts of pain shooting up my neck. I was going to need some muscle relaxants soon. 

The weather was gorgeous in a way that only California seems to be able to achieve. There was nary a cloud in the sky and the sun's bright heat pierced through the air warming anyone lucky enough to be in its path. As I rolled down my window, I noticed a silver and white corvette convertible fly by on my left. I wasn't sure but it would also seem, I managed to catch a glimpse of the not so rare of road-head that was thriving on American roads. Either people really don't care, or they just don't realize us truckers really can see everything. So, I'm telling you now as a public service that this includes your face planted on your boyfriend's cock, going 80 mph down the interstate. We see it all. 

My phone rang loudly over the truck speakers. It was my dispatcher and I doubted it would be good. 

"Sup, bro?" I answered in a cheeky effort to annoy my straight-laced dispatcher. 

"Ugh... Skye, that's just gross." 

"Gross? Whoa dude, I'm like down here in the cultural epicenter of America and all I want to do is just like spread a little culture and understanding back home to you." I said in a grating valley girl voice that managed to even annoy myself. 

I'd gotten under his skin, "Goddamnit, woman, do you want to know why I'm calling or not?" 

"I beseech you, pray tell, kind sir, why have I the pleasure of hearing from you this fine afternoon?" 

"Oh, shut the fuck up already, I got some orders for you and you're not gonna like it but after this shit I really don't care. I'll start with the good news; they're ready for you to unload." 

"Hallelujah, praise Jesus! It's miracle." I replied. It was becoming rarer and rarer that a consignee was ready to receive a load when it actually arrived. 

"Harrumph," he grumbled unsympathetically, "Well you haven't heard the other news, but I suspect you already know so you deserve every bit of this." 

"I'm starting to think you're not my bro after all." 

"I most certainly am not. Reflect on that while you take a 48-hour reset on your logs. You'll be like over hours as of... like 7pm tonight... bro." He finished with deliberate awkwardness sounding about as So-Cal as a Newfie. 

"Yuck, I see what you mean... that is gross." 

He hung up the phone without saying goodbye and I swore loudly. How did I miscalculate my logbook hours? I supposed it didn't matter anymore and my shoulders gave a spasm of pain in agreement. Maybe a 48-hour layover in San Diego wouldn't be so bad. I was going to need a pharmacy though and maybe a bar. On second thought, yes, I definitely needed a bar and maybe a pharmacy. 

I parked my truck at the nearest truck stop and pondered whether I should go in and eat or take a cab to the nearest pharmacy for something to help my shoulders. My stomach growled it's answer so I headed in and ordered a salad and frosty beer. The waitress looked shocked at my choice of order. I guess here in an American truck stop where the portions matched the bellies they filled; salad wasn't a common choice. Afterwards, I followed it up with a shower in a shockingly clean truck stop bathroom. Stepping out of the shower, I paused in front of the mirror to admire myself (don't judge me, we all do it). 

My long, black hair was slicked back and wet from my shower. My green eyes flicked lower pleased that my latest exercise regimen was doing its work as I twisted and flexed. Satisfied, I got dressed in pair of tight blue jeans with my signature black tank top. It was a pleasure to not have to dress in seventeen layers to survive the frigid cold, like I must back home. 

I cabbed it to the nearest pharmacy; at least that's what I requested of the driver. I could've sworn we passed a Walgreens and a CVS on the way but after a ten-minute ride we arrived at our destination. The store looked generic, by which I mean, it had a simple "Pharmacy" sign and nothing more. I popped my head in the door and looked around. The whole place seemed to be deserted and I was the sole customer. Instead of trying to find what I needed, I decided to save myself some awkward, aimless moments of pharmacy purgatory and consult the pharmacist immediately. 

As I made my way to the pharmacists' station, I spotted a sole woman behind the counter. Her blond head was bent down while she concentrated on her work. A strand of hair slipped from behind her ear, the rest of her hair being done up in what I could only describe as a sexy librarian's bun. As she pushed a strand of hair back, her smoky hazel eyes lifted just enough to see me. I shivered despite myself reacting to her beauty but recovered quickly once I saw a flicker of annoyance cross her face. 

She straightened her back and addressed me curtly, "Can I help you?" 

As I tend to do when nervous or caught off guard I ran my fingers through my long black hair then smiled broadly and warmly, "Uh, hi.. are you open?" 

"For the moment, it would seem, since you are in here. How did you get in anyway? The door should've been locked; we closed five minutes ago." She replied, her clipped tone indicated she was annoyed and possibly in a hurry. 

"Um, I see, well the door was open, and I just came in. Listen, I won't be long." Then, as if to directly contradict myself, I rambled on breathlessly, "I just have crazy sore shoulders, I drove down from Canada you see... I'm a trucker and well it was a long stressful drive. 

"Holy shit, I mean do they ever have decent weather in Yellowstone? Every time I have to pass through I feel like the place is directly opposed to my presence and tries to kill me with its terrible weather. 

"Anyway... I was hoping you'd have a pain reliever or a muscle relaxant so I could sleep. Seems like I'll be stuck here for another couple days at least. I ran out of logbook hours. Hmmm... I guess you probably don't care about most of that." 

She laughed sardonically, "Oh yes, I can see you will be very brief. Ugh, just go on look around, take your time." She finished with a flip of her delicate hand indicating she meant quite the opposite. 

I surprised her by laughing at myself and her annoyance. Her pretty eyebrow raised in question as though she was contemplating exactly what kind of crazy person she was now dealing with. 

"I'm sorry," I said, laughter still affecting my voice, "I suppose you didn't need my life story, although I had a very interesting childhood; I could tell you about it, if you have a spare hour or two?" I cued I was joking by lifting the side of my mouth in a half smile. 

Meeting my eyes, she looked even further annoyed until she realized I was messing with her and then she smiled. It changed her whole face. By no means had I missed out on noting she was pretty but that smile made her beautiful. She giggled a bit and responded, "I think I'll pass. Maybe I should apologize, I've had a bad day and we are supposed to be closed but Nathan clearly forgot to lock the door... again. We have plenty of muscle relaxants in aisle five." 

"Ok, thanks." I averted my gaze from her face and turned to find aisle five. 

As I walked away, I heard her follow. I was scanning the unfamiliar store hoping to spot my destination quickly and avoid any further embarrassment. I must have slowed my steps because she quickly overtook me and turned crooking her finger in a gesture indicating I should follow. 

My heart beat a bit harder. She might have been one of the most beautiful women I'd ever seen. The pharmacist desk had hidden her stunning figure well and I was blown away. I had heard everyone is more beautiful in California, if this was any indication then that must be true. Her white jacket clung to her slim build, flaring nicely at her hips. I had to look away quickly so as not to be caught blatantly gawking. Honestly, she was so attractive she could've been a model or an actress. 

This may not have been the nearest or most convenient pharmacy, hell, it wasn't even technically open, but I was glad the cab had dropped me here, nonetheless. 

Her melodic voice cut into my thoughts, "Here, this is what you're looking for. I don't know what your plans are for the evening, but I must warn you that you shouldn't drink alcohol while taking these relaxants." 

"Oh well, I guess I knew as much. I was planning on a quiet evening, anyway." I'm not sure what made me say what I said next. Maybe it was her beauty, my loneliness or the fact I had nothing to lose. "Unless by some chance a pretty blonde pharmacist wished to join me for a drink later... then I suppose I might be convinced to suffer in silence for the pleasure of your company." 

"Hmmm... firstly, I can't imagine you doing anything silently and secondly, I have to say I've heard better lines..." 

I smiled broadly and flushed a bit at my own forwardness, "Fair enough, perhaps I can reason with you. It's just you haven't heard about my childhood yet so you should probably say 'yes'. Otherwise, you'd be haunted and always running from that one mistake. You are too young to have to live with that level of regret." 

"Ha, well that would be such a shame luckily there's always therapy. We will see about that drink later but for now I'm leaving here and I'm guessing you'll need a ride. I'm pretty sure I just saw your cab leaving the parking lot." She smiled back with a coquettish wink. 

"Oh, for fuck's sake." I swore automatically without thinking; I'd asked him to wait for me. Embarrassed by my outburst I tried to recover, "I mean thank you, a ride would be delightful." 

While I paid for my purchase, she excused herself to go change before we left, and I stepped outside to wait. Several minutes later I heard a car roll up, it was a stunning silver and black corvette convertible with a beautiful driver to match. I hopped in and she took off with a squeal of tires on hot pavement. She had changed into a dark blue dress that left little to the imagination and yet inspired my mind to start running wild. Her dress was short, and I had a brief fantasy of what it would feel like to reach over and put my hand between her legs. Would she even be wearing panties? My dirty little thoughts made me squirm slightly in my seat; I couldn't believe how much this practical stranger was turning me on. 

"So, I'm Britt, by the way." She said lifting her hand briefly from the steering wheel to offer it for a shake. 

"Skye." I said returning her shake. 

"Yes, Skye the Canadian truck driver with the fascinating childhood." She answered wryly, her lips turned up in faint smile. 

"Oh, um perhaps I played that up a bit but yes, that's me. And my childhood, well I, for one, feel that people bandy about the term child prodigy a little too much, anyway. You wouldn't want to hear about it, very cliché." 

She laughed, "You are quite possibly insane, aren't you?" 

"All the more reason to have a drink with me." 

"I wouldn't say that, generally I make a habit of avoiding insane people, but it's been a very long, shitty day and how could I possibly make it worse by drinking with a stranger at a truck stop... wait, don't answer that." 

We took a seat together in the bar at the truck stop and Britt said quietly, "Never did I think I'd be drinking in a truck-stop bar with a pretty Canadian trucker girl." She glanced around looking unimpressed. 

"I'm in these places all the time, comes with the territory. They aren't so bad if you lower your standards sufficiently; come to think of it, that advice applies to this Canadian trucker girl too." I joked self-deprecatingly while pleased, noting she'd called me 'pretty'. 

After a few hours and a few rounds had gone by. Britt had lightened up considerably and even seemed a bit flirtatious. As the evening wore on, I was finding it very difficult to avoid openly checking her out and I wasn't alone, everyone at the bar seemed to be having the very same problem. At one point after a few too many cocktails, she tripped, and I caught a glimpse of her thong. Ah ha, I mentally noted feeling aroused, so she was wearing underwear. 

Maybe it was the good company, the alcohol or the fact I was able to enjoy some downtime for the first time in weeks, but the tension in my shoulders had disappeared. With the pain gone, I was feeling positively gleeful when I blurted out, "Why is it so easy to talk to you?" 

She smiled warmly and gibed, "Perhaps because you don't stop talking?" 

"I stop... well, sometimes I stop... but yes, mostly I just keep going." I acquiesced. 

"I wouldn't still be here if I didn't enjoy it," she reassured me. "You're funny and just the right amount of strange. But, still, I wonder what it would take to shut you up?" she finished with a sly curl to her lip. 

Feeling bold, I met her eyes and said, "I can imagine a few ways you could keep me silent for a little while, anyway." 

"Can you, now?" She asked with one delicate eyebrow raised. 

Seizing on the opportunity I asked, "Have you ever seen the inside of a semi?" 

She gasped, genuinely interested, "No! Oh my God, you have to show me." 

"Now?" I asked with a teasing tone at her eagerness. 

She met my eyes and smiled, "Unless you can think of a reason why not." She pointed discreetly at a bearded overweight trucker that had been practically panting over us all night, "Maybe you'd like to show him instead?" she teased. 

"Yuck, no, for obvious reasons." I protested. 

"Hmmm," she said bringing her hand to her chin in a thoughtful pose, then directed her gaze to the much slimmer and handsome bartender. "Maybe him?" 

"Perhaps but definitely not today when I have the attention of the most beautiful girl in the bar. I think it's obvious to everyone here, I would be doing astronomically better by taking you." I said meeting her warm hazel eyes. She blushed a bit and with that we left the bar and walked toward my truck. 

"This has been a very strange day. I never would have guessed it would turn out this way." Britt said softly. 

I paused in my steps, we were standing in between two big trucks away from the prying eyes of anyone. I knew I wanted to kiss her and as I met her eyes, I thought maybe she was waiting for me to take the lead. I froze though, second guessing my instincts, what if she wasn't interested at all? 

As if to address my concerns she wryly smiled and said, "Maybe I should go back and talk to that bartender, myself." 

"You better fucking not." I growled through a mischievous smile. 

That was enough to shake off my doubts and I swiftly moved in, kissing her before she could say anything else. Her lips were soft against mine and she smelled faintly of strawberries. My hunger grew and as our kiss deepened, I could feel her melt somewhat passively against me. Taking control without overthinking, I reached out one of my hands and pressed it gently but firmly to her throat and pushed her against the side of my truck while keeping my lips locked on hers in an ever-intensifying kiss. She moved with me until her back pressed up against the truck. I slipped my hand from her throat to her face and held her soft cheek, while I moved my lips to her throat. She moaned her pleasure, clearly enjoying the dominant role I was playing. 

I pressed my body up against hers, and her breasts nestled perfectly below mine as I topped her height by at least three inches. I ran both hands down from her face and cupped her round, slender ass while lifting her off her feet. Her legs naturally encircled my waist as I held her up against the side of the Peterbilt's bunk. I moved my lips back to her mouth and ground my hips in between her legs while she writhed and moaned softly against my body. With all this ruckus we were making, I wondered briefly if anyone was inside the truck. 

I didn't have to wonder long, soon we both heard the truck door open and a loud angry voice yelled, "What in the blue-blazing, ever-loving fuck is going on out there?" 

We both looked up to see the angry, bloated red face of a trucker. Our facial expressions must have been like two kids caught with our hands in the cookie jar. It was amusing, in retrospect, to watch his expression change from anger, to shock and finally to gleeful lust. 

"Oh shit, um sorry, sir. Your truck seems to have gotten in the way of our um..." I trailed off lamely. 

"It got in the way of your fucking? Ya'll can bring your hot asses inside the bunk with me instead of trying to break down the wall from the outside." 

"Uh, yikes," I said while gently dropping Britt to her feet, "We better carry on, sir. Sorry, again." I finished haplessly. I grabbed Britt's hand and pulled her away with me before he could respond and we darted, giggling around the back of his trailer. 

"Hey!" He called out after us. "No worries, girls! You just made my day, hell, you just made my whole year!" 

As we ran, we giggled to ourselves while still holding hands. Once we reached my truck I smiled and dramatically gestured to it, "Madam, your chariot awaits." 

I opened the door and stepped back to allow her to go in first, not so much out of politeness but more so I could admire her scenery as she climbed the steps. She sat down in the driver's seat, so I walked around and came in through the passenger door. 

"Wow, there so many buttons and switches." She exclaimed, her eyes wide. 

I laughed and said, "Keeps my fingers in good shape for other things." 

"Oh, I wonder what 'things' you might be referring to." She said coyly. 

"I think, that is something best demonstrated." 

I reached my hand over, in much the same way, as I had fantasized about doing earlier. Her thighs were smooth and perfect below my fingers as I just barely grazed her soft skin. I ran them delicately up her thighs to the warm crevice between her legs. Sighing deeply, she firmly grasped my hand and brought it into contact with her. 
