 Okay.

I could do this.

I nervously adjusted my blazer and walked through a set of sliding doors into Chicago's Midway Airport. I had no idea why I was so anxious; after all, this was a position I'd been coveting for most of my life. One of the largest domestic carriers in the country, Skyway, had just recently started operations at a regional airport close to my home in Los Angeles. However, the airline was based out of Chicago, and due to staffing issues my initial training and probationary period were to be held here. It didn't make sense that I was the only one sent out here, but I wasn't complaining. Here I finally was.

I somewhat hesitantly approached the ticket counter, where I found an open station.

"Hi," I told the employee, whose name was Natalie. "My name's Rachel; I'm supposed to be here for training this morning."

"Oh, yeah, we've been expecting you." The blonde smiled warmly at me, then looked around. "Um, I'm not sure where Sheila went... she's the station manager... oh, there she is," she finished, nodding a few feet away.

I glanced over and tried to not let my jaw hit the floor. "Holy fuck," I thought as I watched the older woman hop over the scale that was built into the ticket counter and approach me.

Smiling, she held out a hand. "You must be Rachel. Hi, I'm Sheila. Welcome to Midway."

"Thanks," I replied shyly, forcing myself to meet her gaze. She was about ten years older than me, with piercing grey eyes and expertly permed red hair that fell to her shoulders. I tried not to think about the fact that she also looked really fucking good in the standard airline uniform (which happened to match mine this morning): her slightly heavyset frame fit perfectly in navy slacks, a matching blazer, and I tried to divert my gaze from her chest, which filled out, not quite straining, the standard issue white dress shirt. Oh, if I didn't stop now, this was going to be a problem.

"So. Let me show you around." Sheila gestured back over the counter and I followed. "This is the entrance you'll usually come in at." We walked through a doorway into a small break area, where a few rows of lockers and some tables were.

"You can put your stuff in here... you brought a lock, right?"

I nodded and stuffed my backpack in one of the larger lockers, removing the lanyard with my ID and SIDA badges from the bag before securing the locker.

"And," she gestured to a machine on the wall, "here is one of the time clocks. Like I said before, you'll be going back and forth between the ticket counter and the gates, but this one is the closest to access."

"You mean I can actually punch in?" I joked, holding the ID badge in the air.

She laughed. "Yep. Go for it."

I slid my badge through the machine and it beeped; I couldn't help but smile at the action. "Sorry," I apologized. "I've been wanting to do that for a long time."

"No problem; it happens." She gestured back towards the door. "I figured we'd start out by going over to C5 and helping board. Sound good?"

"Awesome," I replied, and with that, we left.

It just started out like that. I loved my job and the people I worked with. And as time passed, the more I enjoyed it. Sheila was smart, funny, and enjoyed working for the airline just about as much as I did. However, there was also the issue of how I was beginning to feel about the whole thing. It wasn't long before I really started to find her attractive. I'd always felt that way about certain people; I think it was just a combination of nerves and circumstance that kept me from taking that final step over the line between fantasy and reality. It seemed like every time in the past that I'd tried to be honest and make my intentions clear, I'd just ended up being shut down and /or hurt emotionally in the end. I also really didn't want to do anything that would jeopardize this job I'd wanted forever, so I tried to keep everything hidden and leave the situation at a pointless crush and nothing more. Besides, based on experience and my rotten luck, she was probably straight.

But I couldn't help it. Many times, I'd be waiting at a gate and find myself just watching her walk down the concourse. I'd get that familiar butterfly feeling when she simply smiled at me, or when we were forced to work close together. Then there was the time I was working the ticket counter and found my foot having a meeting with a piece of baggage that had been left sitting on the floor. Klutz that I was, I stumbled forward; Sheila had been standing behind me and instinctively threw an arm out to steady me.

My face instantly turned red. "Thanks," I muttered; I picked up the offending piece of luggage, and ensuring it had a destination tag, put it up on the conveyor belt where it belonged.

"No problem." Slowly, she removed her arm from where it had been encircling me; I felt a thrill run down my spine as her fingertips just barely brushed the top of my right breast. I stiffened, then turned around, but she had already begun a conversation with a customer.

I gradually made friends with the rest of the crew and became part of the family, so to speak. Over time we started hanging out after work, attending airline-sponsored group events and the like. I continued my pointless crush from afar, making sure to never be seen doing anything off-the-wall.

One night a couple of us had decided to go bowling, which had become a ritual several nights a week. I was just sitting there waiting for my turn, staring off into space, when I spotted her a few lanes away. When had she shown up? I hadn't noticed her in the group that met in front of the bowling alley. I took my turn, and of course, threw a couple of gutter balls. Sitting back down, I drained what was left of my beer and of course my eyes drifted back over to where Sheila was standing, screwing around with the automatic score thingy.

All of a sudden, she looked up and our eyes met. She grinned and nodded in greeting, but by that point I was already in full freakout mode. I felt my face heat up instantly, and not even bothering to grab a coat, I shot outside into the parking lot.

Almost instantly, I regretted not bringing a coat. It was late November, and a few flakes of snow had started to fall, joining the slush in the parking lot. I leaned up against the wall a few yards from the door and took a deep breath. Fuck. It wasn't until it took me a full minute to light a cigarette that I realized that I was shaking.

I closed my eyes and took a deep drag off the cigarette. What had I been thinking? God, I'm an idiot. I slowly exhaled smoke, not really noticing the doors of the alley opening and someone crunching through the snow in my direction.

"Are you okay?"

My eyes flew open. Oh, shit, there she was.

I nodded. "Um, yeah, I'm fine. Why?"

"Well, you shot out of there like a rocket, and without a coat, no less."

I shook my head and extinguished my cigarette in a pile of slush. "I'm fine, really."

"No, you're not." She stepped closer towards me; my back hit the wall and I felt that damn butterfly feeling again.

"Is there something you need to tell me?" she asked quietly. I couldn't meet her gaze; I stared at the snow instead as it fell harder, swirling through the beacons of the parking lot lights.

"Rachel... look at me," she instructed, inching closer towards me so that her coat barely brushed the front of my sweater. I finally looked up and met her gaze, holding it for a few seconds. I wasn't even cold anymore; all I could feel as I stared at her was angst and desire. Eventually I couldn't take it and shut my eyes. This wasn't happening. I let out a shaky breath as I felt hers hit my face, then carefully, she kissed me.

Oh, fuck. I had to be dreaming, right? I carefully returned it, wrapping an arm around her shoulders to steady myself. Sheila ran her fingers through my short dark hair, then pulled me against her. She broke the kiss off for a minute, smiled, then kissed me again, this time a little deeper. I groaned and trailed my fingers down her back. Her tongue had just barely parted my lips when the door to the bowling alley creaked open again.

It was almost funny how quickly we jumped apart; both heads instantly turning in that direction. An old guy with a bowling bag walked out, waved at us, and headed towards his car.

I couldn't help but laugh for a second, then fell silent and glanced over at Sheila. "Whoa," was all I could say.

"My thoughts exactly.... was that what you needed to tell me?" she asked, grinning.

I blushed and nodded. "Pretty much, yeah."

"Thought so." She tilted her head back towards the door. "We should probably go back inside."

And that was how it all started... or so I thought. The next week or so was dreadfully uneventful. Honestly, I was beginning to wonder if I'd screwed up somehow. Every time I'd try to look at her, or start a conversation, she'd make an excuse and hurry off, or flat out pretend she didn't hear me. It was like she was purposefully trying to avoid me. What the hell was going on?

I went from mild irritation to frustration to downright depression. One afternoon I found myself sitting in one of the break rooms, literally crying. I didn't know what I'd done wrong, and it hurt. Maybe I shouldn't have kissed her back. Maybe someone saw us and she didn't want to lose her job either. Fuck my life.

I looked at my watch, sighed, and went to go clean up my makeup. I still had paperwork to finish, which meant sitting in one of the offices for a few hours with the exact person I was having issues with. Oh, this was going to be pleasant.

A few minutes later, I entered said office; Sheila was already in there, doing something on a computer. I shut the door behind me, barely nodded in greeting, and sat down with my papers. She didn't even look at me. Great. Mercifully, the office was empty save for us.

We worked in silence for what seemed like forever. I shifted in my seat uncomfortably; with every passing minute the situation was getting more and more awkward. I sighed and set my papers down for a minute, pulling my blazer off and hanging it on the back of the chair I was sitting in.

"Almost done?"

I started at her voice and looked over at Sheila, surprised. "Yeah, um, I only have a few things left."

"Come here. Bring your papers with you." She gestured to me and I slid my wheeled office chair across the room, setting the stack of paperwork on the counter next to her. She glanced at it for a moment and commented, "You caught on quick. Good job."

"Um, thanks." This wasn't good. Mentally I prepared for the whole speech that I'd heard a billion times before: it was a mistake, she was married, she wasn't interested, I'm sorry, the whole boat.

"We need to talk," she muttered, glancing back at the door and checking her watch before moving her chair over until she was almost in my lap.

Oh, crap, here it was.

Then she laughed a little, and I seriously jumped. "Relax," she continued. "First of all, I need to apologize."

What?

"I shouldn't have avoided you like that," she said. "I was just thinking about everything, and I wanted to make sure that no one knew what went on. I guess I overdid it a little."

Sheila placed a hand on my arm; I glanced up at her. "Then I heard from someone that you were crying in the break room, and I couldn't do it anymore. So I'm sorry. I hope you forgive me."

"It's ok, I understand," I said sincerely. "Honestly, it hurt my feelings a little, but I accept your apology."

She nodded. "So I figured I'd make it up to you."

"Yeah?"

"Yep. Sit back and close your eyes." I gave her a confused look, then did as she instructed. Startled, I jumped a little as I felt her hand run down my body and settle on my right thigh.

"Relax," she said again. "Nobody's coming in here for a while. It's okay." She continued to coax me as her hand slid up my thigh, gently stroking it.

"How long has it been, Rachel?" she whispered as she slid a finger up my skirt, between my legs. "Hmm?" I groaned as a wave of desire shot through me.

"I think you should just let go," Sheila continued. I heard her shift in her chair as she leaned in and kissed me briefly, yet harshly, keeping her other hand where it was. She stroked a little harder; I squirmed in my seat and stifled a moan.

"We... can't..." I protested weakly.

"Yes, we can," she said firmly, stroking my hair as her other hand continued its ministrations. Oh, this wasn't going to take long. I was so turned on it wasn't even amusing; and judging from the shaky breathing I heard, I wasn't the only one enjoying this.

"Just let go," she whispered again. I could feel my juices soaking through my panties and hose. The waves of pleasure came closer together; I hooked a leg over Sheila's left knee and put a hand on the counter to steady myself.

"There you go," she said huskily. "Do you know how long I've wanted to do this?"

"No... oh, God," I groaned.

"Mmm... that's it. You're starting to get close, aren't you?" She ground her palm into my crotch, rotating it in slow circles. I couldn't take it; I was going to explode. "There you go..." she muttered. "Let go. I want you to come for me," she trailed off as she kissed me again.

I was moving almost constantly now, grinding my hips up into Sheila's hand. I groaned into her mouth as I felt myself start to lose control. "Oh, fuck," I muttered. She groaned and slid her tongue inside my mouth. "Oh... shit... I'm..."

One of the most powerful orgasms I'd ever had shot through me. I don't know how I managed not to scream; I rode her hand all the way through, squirming, fighting for breath as I continued to kiss her. Finally I broke off and fell back in my chair, slowly regaining my composure.

"That was insane," I whispered.

And it was just then that the door decided to open.

I sat up in my chair and pretended to be engrossed in the papers in front of me. Sheila looked over to see who it was and said nonchalantly, "Oh, hey. We were just finishing up some paperwork."