 Author's note: If you have no idea what's going on, there is a first part to this story.

*****

And from there, we were off and running. For a while everything we did was only at work; I think it was the thrill of getting caught that kept us going. It just started out as casual flirting when we thought no one was looking: random touching, smoky glances across the concourse, things like that. But as we got bolder things started getting crazier. Anywhere we were alone for more than two minutes became a target- break rooms, restrooms, unused jetways.

It wasn't long before our afternoons in the office turned into full-blown makeout sessions. We'd finish the paperwork as quickly as possible and, inevitably, end up in each other's arms. I'll never forget one day in particular.

The workload had been slow, so we were done with what we had to do in about 15 minutes. However, everyone was so accustomed to the two of us being alone in the office for hours...

"So... now what?" I said suggestively, tossing my papers down on the counter.

"Well, haven't we gotten bold in the last few months?" Sheila stood up, shrugged her blazer off, then walked across the room and locked the door.

I looked at her curiously. "Why'd you do that? We never bother locking it."

She just grinned. "Reasons." Walking back across the room, she pulled me upright from my chair and drew me into a deep kiss. I groaned and buried a hand in her hair, pulling her against me.

The next thing I knew, she was gently pulling me down to the floor. I wrapped my arms around her waist and slid my tongue inside her mouth; my breathing grew heavy as she drew her knee up in between my legs. I slowly began to grind myself against her thigh; my hands reached up to fondle her breasts.

"Oh God, Rachel," she whispered. Sheila glanced over at the door, muttered "Fuck it" under her breath, then reached up and slowly started unbuttoning her blouse.

"Whoa. Hang on." I put a hand over hers. "Aren't we going a little too far right now?"

She stared me down, lightly moved my hand aside, and kept going. "Do you know..." she whispered, undoing a few more buttons. "How fucking bad..." The rest of the white shirt came undone and she pushed it off her shoulders, leaving only a satiny white bra. "I fucking want you?" she finished throatily, reaching down and replacing her knee with a hand. 

I moaned as her fingers deftly unbuttoned my slacks and slid inside them, massaging me through my panties. Sheila let out a shaky breath and leaned in to kiss me again; I met her mouth furiously, my own hand sliding up her skirt and persistently groping her inner thigh.

"You know I have no idea what I'm doing, right?" I groaned.

"You're doing fine," she reassured me huskily. I glanced up at her hesitantly, then slid my hand further up her leg, eventually finding the warm mound of her pussy. I let out a soft moan as I gently stroked it. In response, Sheila pushed herself farther into my hand. "Don't stop...fuck, that feels good," she groaned into my ear.

I couldn't think; my head was spinning in a million different directions. Throwing caution to the wind, I reached up and rolled the top of her pantyhose halfway down her thighs, then slid my fingers inside the crotch of her panties. I marveled at the heat and the wetness surrounding her opening, slowly drawing a finger in and out of her, moving the juices upwards around her clit. 

"Oh, my God," she moaned. I increased my pace and her head jerked back as a wave of pleasure shot through her. Meanwhile, I was grinding my own hips into the floor as she continued to stroke my own pussy; I could feel myself literally dripping over her fingers.

Sheila's breath grew erratic; I could feel her start to tremble around me. "Oh shit," she whispered. "Please don't stop... oh fuck, Rachel, I'm coming..." As she did so, she stifled a moan against my mouth, bucking wildly against my hand. I let her ride it out then pulled my hand away. 

"I'm not done with you yet," she muttered into my ear. Before I knew it my pants and panties were around my knees; I tried to keep silent as she lowered her mouth to my soaking wet pussy and began licking It enthusiastically.

That was about all it took for me. I had hit the point of sensory overload; all these amazing sensations proved too much for my body. I only lasted for about a minute before I exploded inside her mouth, letting out a low moan as the orgasm overtook me and blinding white light flashed across my eyes.

Sheila laid on top of me, both of us straining to catch our breath. I tilted my head and softly kissed her. We stayed like that for a few minutes, listening to each other's heartbeat gradually slow down, feeling like there was nothing wrong in the world.

And that was when we heard the lock on the door rattle.