 I sit in the middle row of class staring at my dreamy teacher while she talks. I don't understand a single word she is saying, which only inhibits my drifting off into my own thoughts. Math is not my strong point, which is why I am still in Algebra II. I have had a crush on Ms. V since the beginning of sophomore year. I was a senior now. She was absolutely beautiful. Average height, red spikey hair, and a curvy frame. 

My eyes are glued to her ass as she reaches high to write on the board. All of a sudden the bell rings, snapping me out of my daydreams. Ms. V turns around and smiles as she wishes the students leaving a good day. As I finish getting my things packed up she turns to me.

"Aria? Could you come see me please?"

The last of the students shuffle out of class as I stand and toss my bag over my shoulder.

"Shit," I think. "I'm definitely failing... I suck at Algebra. This is it, I'm in trouble. "I slowly walk up to the teacher's desk, nervous, head down. I reach the desk and look up into Ms. V's gorgeous, smiling face. She was not angry when she spoke. 

"So, can I ask you a question about your work in this class?" 

I nod.

"I am concerned about your lack of motivation. Is there something going on that you'd like to talk about?" She asks sweetly as her hand covers mine. "You can tell me anything."

Her hand is warm on mine. My heart is racing. I can't help but notice her shirt is a little low cut today. My eyes hover over the soft skin of her cleavage. Oh no! Too long. "She had to have seen me!" I am too nervous to think of any words. "I uh... I'm just... I'm really bad at math." I finally choke out.

I'm almost positive I see a small blush in Ms. V's face. She saw me... "Oh that's fine," she says as she gives my hand a squeeze. "We can fix that." She then pulls out a slip of paper and begins scribbling. "I'm writing you a pass for your next class, and also a note for your mother. Please take this home for her to sign so she knows why you will be late from school. I will be tutoring you for 2 hours every day after school, until we can get that grade up."

I blush hard, and smile. "Ok thanks. And good luck! You've probably bit off more than you can chew." I laugh nervously. "Um, see you tomorrow then."

"We will be just fine." She assures me. "Have a good day and I will see you tomorrow."

My mind is reeling as I walk out of the room. I head to my next class as I think. "How am I going to sit alone with her for 2 extra hours a day and not slip up?" I'm torn between finding an excuse to reject the offer and... "Well on the other hand I would get to spend 2 hours alone with my super hot teacher..." I decide try it for a bit and see what happens. Maybe it wasn't crazy to think she had thought of me in that way too. She did hold my hand. For a long time! I was hopeful, as I sat through my last class daydreaming of all the possibilities of tomorrow.

When the final bell rings I grab my bag and head for home. When I walk through the door of my house I run straight to the kitchen. Mom wouldn't be home until tomorrow, but I didn't want that to ruin my chance. I grab a pen and scribble my mom's signature along the bottom of the note. I shove it back in my bag and go to the living room to flip on the TV.

I wake up to my blaring alarm clock. I am nervous and excited for the end of the day. I take a shower and blow dry my hair then I pick out my clothes. So much for choices, thanks to the uniform dress code. I put on a black bra that pushes my tits up, and a matching G-string. I grab one of the white button up blouses, a tighter one from a year or two ago. Then I decide on the grey pleated skirt from last year as well, which was very short, since it was from before they made us re-order our uniforms for longer skirts (plus I had grown in height since then). It's barely halfway up my thighs and only gets shorter when I sit. I check myself in the mirror. Perfect. My brown hair is down and curly, and my eyes are lined with a thin layer of eye liner as well as mascara that makes my lashes look miles long. I am already letting my imagination get away with me as I head for the door. 

When I get to school I keep an eye out for Ms. V, but I don't see her. I go to 1st period which seems days long. As the day drags on I keep thinking of what I wish would happen. My pussy is already dripping as I walk into 6th period. 

As I walk into the room my senses are overcome by the alluring smell coming from the candle warmer in the corner of the room. The lights are a little dimmer today as well. It's a very calming environment, and I slowly make my way to my desk. When I sit down I turn to finally look at Ms. V. My jaw literally drops. She's wearing a sheer V-neck top with a lace tank top underneath. Her tits are practically spilling out of her shirt. As she stands to address the class she walks around to the front of her desk. I notice her loose flowing grey dress pants that accentuate her hips and ass incredibly well. My thoughts finally snap back to reality when I hear the word 'test.' 

"You can work with the class on this review. Just keep it quiet, guys." Says Ms. V.

Everyone gets to work as I look down and realize I don't have a study guide on my desk. I look around. Everyone else has one. I stand up and smooth my skirt before making my way to her desk. I focus my eyes on hers, trying so hard not to let them roam as I finally speak. 

"Um, I didn't get a study guide Ms. V."

I tug at my skirt nervously, part of me wishing I hadn't worn something so revealing. The more it rode up, the closer I was to exposing myself to the rest of the class as well at my gorgeous teacher.

Ms. V smiles, "Oh yes, here's yours Aria," gesturing to the packet on her desk. "If you need any help please just come ask." Her eyes trail down, taking in my slightly slutty appearance. I am worried I misread her. Maybe I look like an idiot and she's going to give me a detention. Ms. V then blushes furiously as she clears her throat and shushes the class. My brain is now exploding. "She was definitely checking me out!" I thought. The wetness between my legs was growing as I imagined what she might have been thinking. I grab my packet.

"Thanks. Oh! I almost forgot." I pull the signed note out of my pocket and hand it to her.

She takes the note from my hand. 

"Oh good. I'm glad you got this signed. Why don't you go work with the rest of the class and we can go over it at the end of the day together?" She then leaned forward, giving me a clear view of her chest, as she scooted her chair out and stood up. She then proceeded to walk past me to go check on the rest of the class. 

My cunt throbs as my eyes are torn from her tits, and then a wave of her perfume hits me like a brick wall. I quickly head back to my desk and try to look busy. 

Ms. V keeps watching me as I talk with classmates about the study information and attempt to solve the problems. My pussy is literally aching. I can't help but notice the sexy pink pumps she is wearing, or the way her hardened nipples are poking through the sheer material. I squirm in my seat, which only makes my skirt ride up more. As I turn to talk to another student I forget and one leg moves before the other, as my legs part. I quickly realize and close them, glancing at her. Ms. V's head jerks back to her desk. She WAS looking!

As the bell rings I stand up and slowly leave class. "See you in a bit!" I say, as I rush out the door. The last hour of class drags on as I try to slow my racing heartbeat. I am doubtful of all the supposed 'signs' that Ms. V is interested in me. Maybe I was making them up. Wishful thinking. The final bell rings. I decide I don't care. I'm going to see what I can make happen. What the hell? Its senior year. I'll be gone soon. 

I stand in the doorway watching her. "Hey Ms. V. So, where do you want me?" 

She smirks and pulls a chair to the side of her desk. "Right here is fine." She taps the top of her desk in front of the seat, as she starts organizing papers and putting them away. She then stands up and shuts the door of the classroom and walks to the windows. Reaching for the curtains she pulls them shut. "Ahh, that's better. Seems quieter already doesn't it?" "Do you mind?" she says as she unbuttons her outer V-neck shirt to take it off. I shake my head as she sits down, answering as well as trying to rationalize what might be happening.

I lay my study packet on the desk and get a naughty idea. As I sit down I swing one leg in first, pulling the same trick that got her attention in class. I know I just flashed my entire pussy, G-string and all. Her lips part slightly and I can hear her breathing slightly heavier as she watches my skirt open and close slowly. She then shakes her head and grabs her pen as if nothing happened. 

Inside I'm glowing! I definitely threw her off. I was feeling such a sense of pride knowing the response I had evoked from my sexy tutor, until panic hit. I hadn't got more than 5 or 6 questions answered in my packet. Algebra is such gibberish! I try and explain myself. "Um, I didn't get much done. I just can't focus today."

She takes the study guide from my hands and looks over it. My eyes drift to her breasts that are near falling out as she leans over the desk. "Hmm... You do have a lot to catch up on. I'm surprised you've let it go this far. You should have asked me for help, Aria." 

I start to freak out before convincing myself that she is toying with me. "Well, I've been trying to learn this stuff for 4 years. I never seem to progress at all. So I guess I'm just hoping the grades of all my other classes will make up for the low grades in this one, so it doesn't mess up my GPA too bad. I just hate Algebra. Not that... you're not a great teacher..." I trail off.

She laughs almost harshly. "Stop stalling, Aria! I know that isn't what this is about. You could do this. You're letting your grade slip on purpose. This isn't the first time I've had this happen. I know you are wearing last season's skirt, and that black push up bra that can blatantly be seen through your shirt was not worn for the guy in the back row who is always staring at you. Now I am willing to work with you and raise your grade but you have to be honest with me. No more playing around!" Her body seemed to shake a little and she was out of breath. I knew she was trying hard to keep it together, but I was speechless, dumbfounded that she had called me out. My eyes were wide and I gulped before looking down at my lap and smoothing my skirt.

"You're right... I... It was for you. I was hoping you... Well I have had such a...You're the reason I can't concentrate on my work." I finally looked up to see my gorgeous teacher looking at me, a slight smirk on her face, eyebrows raised.

"Hmm... You're not trying hard enough, Aria, and that will result in punishment." She reaches over and unbuttons the first 2 buttons of my shirt and then pats her desk in front of her. "Come sit."

My heart skips a beat as I stand and hop up on the desk in front of her. I am nervous and excited. My chest is on fire where her fingers brushed my skin. She smiles as she unbuttons the rest of my buttons. "Remove your shirt and then bend over my desk." She says firmly, as she pulls open a drawer of her desk, withdrawing a ruler. 

My eyes are wide as I slowly pull off my top exposing my black push-up bra. My pussy is so wet as I stand up and turn around, placing my hands on the desk and bending over slightly. My skirt has ridden up a lot, but as I bend over nothing is left unexposed. My G-string clings to my pussy, soaking wet.

Ms. V stands up and shoves my skirt up higher, and a soft moan escapes her lips. I feel the ruler's end slide down my skin and disappear between my legs for a moment before it's pulled out and snapped across my ass. I cry out, both in shock and pleasure. I can feel the sting on my cheek as she speaks again. "Tell me what you've done wrong." She says as she rests the edge of the ruler on my ass. 

"I.., I haven't been doing my work Ms. V!"

A sharp smack to my ass tells me that was the wrong answer. "Not good enough, naughty girl! Tell me why you're dressed how you are today. What did think would happen?" She moans slightly "Mmmm... You are a dirty little slut aren't you?"

I moan as the ruler makes contact the second time. I want nothing more than to feel her hands on me, her mouth. "Yes! I wanted you to notice me. I'm a bad girl Ms. V! I've wanted you all year! I need you to fuck me!"

Ms. V moans "Ohh yes. That's a good girl." She reaches to unhook my bra, and then pulls my G-string down and lets it fall to the floor, covered in cum. She then unhooks the back of my skirt and lets it fall into a pile on top of my panties. Her hands massage and caress my ass, lower and lower until I feel her fingers near my dripping wet cunt. All of a sudden she has a fistful of my hair and my body is pulled up against hers. "Mmmm Aria... you are so wet baby. Tell me again what a naughty girl you are."

"I know I'm bad Ms. V! I can't help it. I just want you so much! I need you to fuck me!!" I practically beg.

"Ohhh that's right!" She pulls me tighter to her and cups my right breast in her hand, pulling and twisting lightly at my nipples. As I start to moan she turns me around and pushes me back onto her desk. As she looks me up and down she takes off her belt and bites her lip as she binds my wrists together above my head. She lowers her mouth to mine but barely brushes her lips over my own before kissing down my neck and across my collar bone, and then over my chest. She sucks my left nipple into her mouth, suckling and nibbling at it as her hand cups my other breast, massaging it and teasing my nipple. "Ooohh!" I moan and squirm under her touch. I want to reach out and run my hands over her too, strip her down to see her naked body, but the belt is too tight. "Ahh, please let my hands free!"

"I don't think you've earned it yet." She smiles wickedly as she pulls me into a sitting position. "Hands on the desk between your legs. Legs spread, and eyes on me. No touching yourself or you'll get the ruler again." I nod even though my pussy aches for release, and watch as she pulls off her tank top, and unhooks her bra, letting it slide off her shoulders and tits burst free. My mouth waters and I gaze hungrily at her large round breasts. She slowly undoes her pants and steps out of them to reveal her noticeably soaked lace panties, and stands watching me in only those and her heels. I lick my lips, and I am hoping she will fuck me in just those heels.

She stands between my legs and pulls me to the edge of her desk and finally her lips meet mine. My tongue traces her open lips as hers plunges into my mouth. We sink into a long, hard, urging kiss, her arms around me pulling me against her tight. My hands still bound together behind her neck as our mouths devour each other's. Her breasts are pressed against mine, and all I want to do is touch them, suck on them, kiss every inch of her body and then bury my face in her pussy. I put every effort into showing that in our kiss.

Ms. V's lips travel down my neck, as she pushes me to my back. Her tongue flicks at each nipple, and down my belly until she is between my legs. I can feel her hot breath on my dripping wet cunt. Then a finger runs up and down my slit, sliding slowly into me. I moan loudly as a second finger enters me, and rubs gently at my g-spot. My pussy sucks on her fingers as she slides them in and out. 

A sharp gasp escapes her lips, and as if she can't handle the teasing anymore my gorgeous teacher drops to her knees, and buries her face in my pussy. Her tongue runs over my clit as her fingers rub my g-spot and then thrust in and out over and over. Her lips and tongue suckling and tracing circles around my clit before lapping at it hungrily as my moans increase. She pulls her cum soaked fingers out of me and starts exploring my ass. Rubbing gentle circles around my tight little hole as her other hand massages and rubbing my cheeks. More pressure is applied to my ass as her mouth devours my clit. I moan as I feel my orgasm start to build. 

"OOOoohhh Ms. V! Yes! Please don't stop! I'm gonna cummmmm!"

A finger is gently worked into my ass as 2 fingers are shoved back into my pussy. Ms. V is sucking on my clit as she relentlessly pumps her fingers in and out of my cunt. Her mouth leaves me only to say "Cum you little slut!"

A sharp moan escapes my lips as I reach the top of my climax. My body is shaking, head thrown back. I buck against her mouth as I ride out my orgasm. 

"Fuuuckkk! I'm cumminnnng!!" My body shudders as waves of ecstasy ripple through me.

She holds her mouth tight against my pussy and her fingers continue fucking me as my orgasm coasts down and then comes to an end. She pulls her fingers out of me, and wipes her face while I lay, panting, on her desk. 

Before I can move or speak, Ms. V starts dressing. She first takes off her wet panties, then slips on her bra and her pants, then grabs her shirt. She sits me up and undoes my hands, replacing her belt. I can't even find the words to ask what the hell she's doing, so I just sit, staring at her, feeling cheated. Why wasn't it my turn?

"Don't even think about back talking me, Aria." She says as she picks up the pile of my clothes from the floor and hands them to me. "Put these back on." She says, and reaches out for my thong. "This, I will be keeping though."

I quickly dress. "But... I'll see you tomorrow right?"

"Why don't you leave me your cell phone number and I'll text you tonight" she says with a devilish grin.

I jot down my number and turn to her and kiss her, short, but passionate. Her arms wrap around me, pulling me into a gentle embrace. Then I trace her lips with my fingertips as I stare into her eyes. Her hand squeezes my ass firmly. "Hurry along!" 

I grab my stuff, wishing I could touch her more, grab her, feel every part of her body with my mouth and fingertips. I smirk as I grab HER panties and put them in MY pocket. "Don't forget to text." I say over my shoulder before opening the door to leave.  

I drive home and run to take a quick shower. I'm just about to get dressed when my phone buzzes. It's a picture message. When it loads, there is Ms. V in a steamy bubble bath with the text reading "Want to join? ;)"

I immediately reply: "Where do you live??"

"Tell your mom you're staying at a friend's. Don't wear any panties or a bra. I expect you to be ready to clean up the mess you have made. I'm at 1594 Oakwood Dr. My car is in the driveway and the door is unlocked. Let yourself in. Bathrooms down the hall, third door on the left."

I yank on a pair of shorts and a t-shirt and throw some clothes and a toothbrush in a bag. Then I run to the kitchen and write a note: "Mom, staying at Emily's. Might be there through the weekend. Love you! -Aria" The last part was hopeful of course, but it bought me extra time just in case I was pleasantly surprised.

I slipped on my flip flops and rushed out the door, speeding to Ms. V's house. Grabbing my bag I ran up the porch steps and opened the door. As I close it behind me I look around the house. I toss my bag by the couch in the living room, kick off my shoes and scurry down the hallway grinning from ear to ear. 

I slowly open the door to see Ms. V laying in a steamy hot bubble bath. "Hi Aria, come here and wash my back please." She holds out a loofa. 

I walk over and lower myself to my knees as I take the loofa and watch her sit up, her skin pink from the heat of the water, and turn to show me her back. I gently wash from the bottom of her back to the top, until I reach her shoulders. I then run the loofa around her neck to her chest, and drop it, reaching my other hand around as well to run my hands over her breasts, up her chest, and to her chin, pulling her head up to mine. And then, my lips are on hers, my tongue exploring her mouth. She tastes so good. A tiny moan sounds in my throat and my fingers entangle themselves in her hair as I kiss her deeply. 
