 Susan Ann Walsh sat quietly in her six year old Ford Escort in the parking lot for Krazy Kate's Video Store. For the third time in the last half-hour, the forty-six year college history professor checked her watch. Then the short haired redhead looked out the window to the small sign on the store's door that listed the hours of operation. The store closed at eight o'clock, her watch had read seven fifty.

The short woman, only five three, got out of her dark blue coupe and quickly entered the small establishment. The store itself was rather unpretentious, a far cry from the mega franchises that dominated the video market these days. In fact, Krazy Kate's carried less than a third of the selection of most stores. What it did have, was a very loyal clientele and an owner who not only carried the latest popular hits, but many little known films that couldn't be found anywhere else. 

Susan walked over to the row of the latest new releases and picked up the newest of romantic comedies. She pretended to be reading the back of the box. Actually, she was waiting for the girl behind the counter to finish with the thirty something man ahead of her. 

The man paid for his rentals and bid the girl a good night. No sooner had he exited the door, Susan moved up to where he had been standing.

"Hi," the young girl who Susan guessed wasn't more than nineteen smiled. "What can I do for you this evening?"

"I'm looking for Katherine Harrison," she answered. "Is she in?"

"Oh, you mean Kate," the girl who said her name was Elisa replied. "I'm afraid she wasn't feeling to well and went home a little early. Can I help you with anything?"

Susan took a long good look at the young woman. She was about her height, with long shoulder length hair tied back in a ponytail. What was unusual about that was that her hair was a vivid purple. Additionally, Elisa had six small earrings along the edge of her left ear and five in her right. Susan supposed that the sixth earring was the one on the right side of her nose. Age wise, she put her at eighteen or nineteen, but definitely no more than twenty. 

Elisa wore a cut off version of a Krazy Kate's T-shirt. One that looked to be at least a size too small from the way it pressed against her braless breasts, the nipples of which were clearly visible. In the middle of her stomach, an area exposed by the cut off, was a small golden ring attached to her belly button. A pair of faded jeans, cut way too short completed her ensemble.

Susan was all too aware of the current rages among young people. There were at least three girls in her freshman class who wore jewelry much like Elisa's. For all the conservatively dressed woman knew, Elisa might have been one of her students a year or so ago.

"No, thank you," Susan said somewhat apologetically. "I ... er ... had some personal business with Katherine. I'll come back another time."

The blue dressed woman had turned to leave and had actually gone a few steps when Elisa called after her.

"Are you Susan Walsh?" she asked.

"Excuse me?" the redhead said as she turned back around.

"Kate left a package for a Susan Walsh, is that you?"

"Actually, yes." she said a bit hesitantly.

"It's in the back room, wait here a minute and I'll get it for you."

Elisa turned and disappeared into the store room for a few moments. When she reemerged, she was carrying a small paper bag with "Sue" written across it in red marker. From the size and shape of the bag, it was obvious that it contained a few video tapes. Previously, the bag had been used to carry Kate's lunch back and forth to work.

"Here we go." Elisa said as she handed the bag over the counter.

At that moment, it became obvious that the makeshift lunch container had been used one times too many as the bottom of the bag ripped open. From the large tear, three videos tumbled to the hard tile floor.

Susan watched in horror as they landed at her feet. A look of total embarrassment filled her face.

"I'm so sorry," Elisa said as she rushed around the counter. "Let me pick them up for you."

"No!" Susan called out in panic. "I mean, I can do it."

It was too late. Elisa was already by her side, looking down at the tapes. Picking them up, she read off the titles.

"Co-ed Lesbian Slumber Party, Lesbian College and Seducing The Professor." she read silently as she put them on the counter. 

Susan was mortified. That she was a lesbian was a secret she had guarded for years. As bad as it would've been for her career at the small, highly conservative college for that to come out , it was nothing compared to the firestorm that would've erupted if the Board of Regents discovered her constant fantasies about the young women she taught history to.

Susan had never, ever, acted on any of those fantasies in any way. In fact, she had gone out of her way over the years, to never be put in a position where desire, opportunity and the weakness of the flesh might combine to allow a dangerous incident. 

A little over a month ago, Susan had met Katherine at a lesbian bar outside of town. They were pretty close in age and had formed a quick friendship. A friendship that had quickly led to the bedroom. They knew they weren't in love and that their sex had been recreational. But for the moment it had been enough. 

When Katherine had learned that Susan was a college professor, she said that it must be like being a kid working in a candy store. Susan had replied that it was almost exactly the opposite. She had a weakness for younger women she admitted, and because of it had to always be on her guard. In fact, she wouldn't even take a turn at gym duty, worrying that she might get caught spending all too much time staring at all those lovely young bodies on display in the showers and locker room. 

What they also discovered upon talking about their lives, was that Katherine had a nephew at Susan's college. He wasn't in any of her classes, but Katherine mentioned that he was interested in the summer intern program but that all his professors had already nominated other students. Susan had said that since she hadn't yet promised anyone, she would be glad to sponsor Katherine's nephew. All he had to do was bring her his application.

Katherine was overjoyed. In appreciation, she had offered, since she owned a video store, to get her new friend any lesbian tapes she might like to help her enjoy her secret fantasies. An offer Susan had readily accepted. She was supposed to pick up the tapes tonight. 

Elisa acted as if having a middle age woman picking up tapes of barely legal lesbians was the most natural thing in the world. She got a new bag from around the counter and dropped the first two tapes in the bag. Then she took another look at the copy of Lesbian College.

"This is a pretty awesome movie," she said as if she was discussing Gone With The Wind. "I've seen it twice."

"You've seen it?" Susan asked awkwardly.

"Sure, I've seen just about all the girl films Kate has in the back. That's one of the perks of working here."

She dropped the tape into the bag and handed it to Susan.

"No need to be embarrassed," Elisa said with a smile. "Women have needs too, just like guys."

"I guess I never looked at it like that." Susan said as she clutched the paper bag.

She started for the door, then stopped. 

"Can I ask you something?" she said.

"Hey, I'm an open book," Elisa smiled. "Ask away."

"What was it about that film that you liked so much?"

"Well you might think it a little kinky, but watching the students get it on with the professors," Elisa said. "I used to fantasize about that all the time. In fact there was this one professor I had, God she made me wet just sitting in her class watching her."

Susan had to take a big breath just to reassure herself that her heart was still beating.

"You don't happen to go to Kensington, did you?" Susan asked with trepidation.

"No, I go to Marshall over in Bakerstown," the girl answered. "Why?"

Susan couldn't believe the next words out of her mouth.

"I teach history at Kensingtion."

"You're joking, right?" Elisa asked.

"No, I'm not," Susan said, finding it easier to say it the second time. "I can show you my ID to prove it."

"No, I believe you," Elisa said as she ran her hand through her purple hair. "Damn, I knew I went to the wrong school." she laughed.

Even Susan had to smile at her comment.

"Do you and your girlfriend like to watch those video's together?" Elisa asked, taking a few steps closer.

"I ... I don't have a girlfriend." Susan admitted, wondering why she was still here and not on her way home. 

"You just watch them alone?" Elisa went on.

Susan's silence answered the question.

"That's sad," Elisa said. "So you watch those films alone and think about your students. And then you ..."

Susan's silence was now joined by a bright red embarrassment. 

"Hey, Teach, there's no need to turn red on me," Elisa said with a smile. "I'm sure most of the people I know would think me pretty strange, getting wet over forty year old women. But then again most of them think I'm pretty strange to begin with."

"I don't think you're strange," Susan said. "I think it's that you're more of a free spirit. I can remember what that was like. Back in the Stone Age."

"Cute and a sense of humor too," Elisa quipped. "This has to be my lucky night."

"Lucky night for what?" Susan asked, almost afraid to hear the answer.

"For what?" Elisa repeated. "Can't you feel it? The magic in the night. Call it fate, or kismet, or God having a sense of humor. But it can't be just a cosmic accident the two of us being here right now."

"I think I'd better get going." Susan said as she started to turn.

"Don't you think there are better ways to spend tonight than frigging to a lez flick?"

Susan was frozen in place as Elisa moved closer.

"Don't you think it might be a lot more fun, seeing what it might really be like to be with one of your students? Or at least a reasonable facsimile?"

Susan opened her mouth to say something, but what words she wanted to say were cut off as Elisa kissed her.

Susan's mind went blank as Elisa's lips pressed against her own. She dropped the bag with the tapes when she felt the young girl's tongue invade her mouth. As first she wanted to scream, to run way and hide. Then as seconds passed, she found herself returning the kiss.

Elisa had wrapped her arms around Susan's neck as she planted soft caresses against her lips. She pressed her tongue as deep as it would go, sharing the excitement when she felt Susan return her touch. 

"That wasn't bad," Elisa said as she finally broke the kiss and released her hold around the woman's neck. "Not bad at all."

Susan didn't say a work, but every part of her mind wanted to scream that yes, it had been exciting.

"So what's it going be Teach," the purple haired nineteen year old asked. "Home to watch some video, or would you rather hang out here and maybe play with these instead."

Susan's mouth fell open in disbelief as Elisa grabbed the bottom of her shirt and pulled it up and over her head. She hadn't wore a bra underneath and her medium sized breasts bounced free. The older woman's eyes were immediately drawn to the half dollar sized dark nipples that dominated each rounded orb. 

Elisa stepped to just a half foot from Susan and lifted her hand up to one of her now exposed breasts.

"Do you really want to walk away and leave these?" the young woman asked as she pressed Susan's hand against her warm chest.

"No." Susan finally said softly.

Elisa released Susan's hand and moved to the door. A loud click filled the air as she turned the deadbolt and locked the door. She also pulled down the shades, blocking the view from outside.

"Now we don't have to worry about anyone making a late night return." Elisa smiled as she walked back to Susan.

The young girl placed a hand on each of the Teacher's breasts and rubbed them through her dress. They were larger then her own and felt good in her hands.

"I bet a lot of the boys in your class get hard looking at these day after day," Elisa said, feeling Susan's nipples through the material. "And even a few of the girls get wet too. I know I am."

Susan let out a soft moan as she felt the twin excitements of both Elisa's touch and her words. She seemed to know exactly what to say to get the older woman hot.

"Let's have a better look, shall we?" Elisa asked as she played with the zipper in the back of the dress.

Susan's dress quickly found it's way to the floor, leaving her in plain white bra and panties. The purple haired girl planted a kiss on the top of each of her breasts.

"You like that?" she asked as she kissed the second mound.

"Oh yes," Susan said in a breathless whisper.

Elisa ran her hands down across Susan's stomach, slipping her fingers under the waistband of her panties. She pulled hard on the material, ripping them in the process. A second hard motion tore them to the point where they came off in her hand.

Without hesitation, Elisa cupped her hand against Susan's now exposed mound, feeling the wetness now there.

"Oh baby, you're so hot!" she said as she pressed her body hard against Susan's.

Elisa backed away from Susan for a moment, giving her time to catch her breath. The girl wiggled her way out of the cut off shorts, exposing a small brown bush between her legs, the original color of her hair.

"Like what you see?" Elisa asked as she stood naked in the center of the store, her hands resting on her hips.

"Yes," Susan said almost inaudibly, biting her lips as s he did.

"I can't hear you." Elisa said as she turned and waved her ass at the older woman.

"I said, yes!" Susan called out louder.

"Well come and get it then." Elisa laughed playfully as she jumped up on the edge of the low counter and swung her legs open.

A rush of desire filled Susan as all semblance of her normal self seemed to fade into the dust. She rushed forward and kissed the young girl with all the lust of a thousand empty nights. Her hands closed around her breasts, rubbing her thumbs against the small thick nipples. Her tongue sought out Elisa's, caressing it for long moments before beginning to work it's way down the pale skinned body. 

Excitement filled her breast as she worked her way down to the younger woman's nipples, guiding them into her mouth with an quick and eager tongue. 

"Oh yeah, Teach," Elisa moaned as she ran her fingers through the older woman's hair. "Suck on my tits! Play with them with your tongue!"

And play with them she did. First one, then the other, then back to the first. All the while, then memories of a dozen students whose young bodies she had so secretly admired over the years filled her head. 

She thought of Rosie Davis, the cute redhead she had lusted after for all of her years at Kensington, and of Kerri Moore, the dark skinned black girl she had once glimpsed topless in the days before she stopped pulling gym duty. The memory of those rounded dark orbs and the even darker nipples in the center remained fresh in her mind's eye to this day. Finally she remembered Maria Lopez, who had the most perfect ass Susan had ever seen.

Taking her fill of Elisa's mounds, the Susan continued her downward journey, kissing the soft flesh of the girl before her as she went. Bending her knees, she reached the dark mound between the purple haired girl's legs. An access made much easier as the girl resting on the counter lifted her legs and brought them to rest on Susan's shoulders. 

Susan inhaled deeply the aroma of Elisa's womanhood, a scent that sent her heart racing even more. She pressed her lips against the damp hair, her tongue seeking out the rich passage beneath it.

"Oh yeah!" Elisa moaned loudly as she felt Susan's tongue strike home. She closed her legs around the redhead's shoulders, holding her mouth and tongue tightly in place. "Lick me!" Lick my pussy. Lick it as if it belonged to every girl that ever sat in your class."

It was almost as if Elisa could read Susan's mind and tap into her every secret fantasy. Her words fueled the kneeing woman's enthusiasm as she pushed deeper and deeper into the young pussy, sending rapid waves of delight oscillating out from it with every stroke. 

"Fuck me, fuck me with your tongue!" Elisa called out as she felt the crest of an approaching orgasm.

Susan could feel it as well as Elisa exploded against her face a dozen heartbeats later. She gloried in the sweet nectar of her efforts as they coated her tongue and filled her mouth. It was a honeyed ambrosia that would remain with her forever. 

"Oh God that was great!" Elisa shouted as she leaned her sweat covered body against the pillar behind the counter. 

Her face still stained with her prize, Susan had dropped down to the floor and sat on the cold tile. She was still trying to sort out all that had happen tonight, it was as if it had been a dream. No, not a dream, a fantasy come true.

"Now it's my turn." Elisa laughed as she dropped down from her perch.

Before Susan could react, Elisa was on top of her, pressing her down onto the cold floor. Her lips pressed against hers, her tongue reaching deep as it would go. The purple haired dynamo seemed to be everywhere at once. Susan felt the touch of the girl's hands and lips on every part of her naked body. On her lips, on her face, and against her breasts. Finally she felt her presence between her legs. 

Elisa's skill and experience in bringing an another woman to orgasm quickly showed itself to be far beyond her years. Susan had never felt her body react so quickly. No sooner had she reacted to the first wave of passion crashing across her form, than another came cascading right behind it. Then another behind that in turn.

Susan couldn't find the breath for words as a torrid of ecstasy radiated from her womanhood. A rushing tide that gripped her and thrust her forcibly through the gates of Elysium. A journey that seemed both at the same time endless and instantaneous. 

Susan wasn't sure how much time had passed when she finally opened her eyes. Slowly she became aware of the coldness against her back and ass, and the rich dampness between her legs. As tired as she could ever remember being, she lifted herself up to a sitting position. She held her hand against her breast as she took a deep breath.

"Elisa?" she asked loudly when she didn't see the girl anywhere in the store.

"Be out in a minute." called out the voice from the back office. 

When the young girl reemerged a short time later, she had changed into a new pair of jeans and an uncut Krazy Kate's shirt. She was drying her hands with a small towel.

"There's a bathroom in the back if you want to wash up." she told Susan as she dropped the towel onto the counter.

"Thank you, but no," she said as she gathered up her scattered clothing and started to put in back on. "It's really getting late and should be getting home."

"Suit yourself," Elisa smiled as she picked up the torn panties she had ripped from the older woman's body. "I'm afraid these are a total loss." she said with sympathy.

"That's all right," Susan said as she pulled her dress over her head and then reached back to zip it up. "I'm going right home, no one is going to notice."

"Mind if I keep them as a memento?" Elisa asked as she brought the now ruined panties up to her face and sniffed the feminine fragrance still attached to them.

"No, I don't mind at all," Susan said, her previously anxious face lighting up with a genuine show of appreciation. "Now where did I leave my shoes?"

"Over there by the action movies." Elisa said helpfully after she took a last whiff of her keepsake before stuffing it in her pocket.

"Thanks." Susan replied as she walked over and put them on. After making sure she wasn't missing anything else, the redhead moved back to Elisa at the counter to say goodbye.
