 NOTICE: This is a work of FICTION. Any resemblance to any real life situation is totally coincidental.

*****

Rosa, an Asian American who's family came from Vietnam in the early 80s worked as an executive assistant to the one of the upper level executives of mid sized agency for economic development. She enjoyed her job, but if you got to speak with her, she would tell you she preferred to be playing tennis or at least watching pro tennis in person. Her svelte, light brown body was accentuated by strong leg muscles which belied her avocation for her favorite sport. Her arms and shoulder muscles were also well developed and she was always aware of gawking men. Rosa didn't care, her manner of dress in the office was quite provocative. This woman knew a few martial arts moves for self defense and knew how to handle herself if the situation arose where she may be threatened.

Claudia, an attractive woman of French and South American heritage, was raised in Columbia by a very religious Catholic family. Her family immigrated to America when she was very young and went to school in the big city. Her life had been one of family devotion, religious beliefs and unfortunately, a bad marriage to man who was abusive and drank too much. She was a single mom of a beautiful young girl who she adored and yearned to give a better life than she had, just like generations before her. Claudia worked in the cubicle right outside Rosa's office. Like many days she dressed very conservatively, considering Claudia possessed a very curvaceous figure for her age. She usually wore some variation on a flowing print dress which almost only showed a bit of her thigh, with a nice V cut top to it, just enough to see a bit of her nice cleavage and suntan from taking her daughter to the beach on the weekends. She was Rosa's primary assistant and the two women had a cordial, if some what tense working relationship. Claudia was a very approachable, kind, warm woman who enjoyed sharing about her child's adventures in growing up with the others in the office, while Rosa was very quiet, shy and reserved about revealing anything more than her love for tennis. Rosa had once seen Cassie in the Victoria's Secret lingerie store on lunch hour, but Rosa couldn't seem to find the courage to begin a conversation there, but definitely noticed Claudia beautifully body that day.

One late summer afternoon, their supervisor Katherine Blankenwood, a mid aged woman from Canada who had been imported recently to clean up the mess left by the previous CEO who had run amok with alcohol and drugs, summoned Rosa into her office.

"Rosa, I just met with the executive board and they need those numbers on the River Group by Monday!"

I want you and Claudia to work on them as much as you can tonight and over the weekend to get me my collated and accurate numbers so I can present them Monday morning. We are going to pay you both as much overtime as needed to get this done by Monday morning, ok?"

"Ok, Kate I will speak with Claudia right away, do you want the spreadsheets kept off the internet for security reasons also?"

"Yes, thats a good idea Rosa! The River Group is very tightly controlled by a consortium of really low life scum we don't even want to mess with, so yes, for sure lets keep this all in- house till Monday. I'm going to Philly for the weekend, so I''ll be out to town till Monday morning, okay?"

"S_Sure, no problem Kate, we'll take care of the work," Rosa thought instantly of this as an opportunity to see if she could improve her relationships with Claudia which seemed to be floundering.

Rosa turned around and walked out, swaying her nice lovely firm ass right in Kate's line of vision.

Kate had so many fantasies of making love to her Asian American subordinate in the office supply closet, or her executive washroom, while everyone was hard at work, but it was only a fantasy and as such Kate would never risk her job and career unless there was a sign of mutual desire from Rosa. Rosa was so secretive in her personal and sexual desires to take that large leap, especially with her superior. On the other side though, Rosa was hoping that the late night work with Claudia would help bond them a bit closer and that she could try to open up to her assistant and share her feelings with the beautiful woman. Rosa wanted to see where a budding friendship could go.

Katherine Blankenwood was a single woman, who kept her personal life and sexual desires to herself also. Her busty figure kept men always got her the attention of men, which she found flattering, but not appealing sexually. Her dating activities consisted of searching gay bars for women just under her age of 44, who were sane and not into any heavy commitment. She had multiple subscriptions to lesbian websites offering dates, erotic movies and toys on her computer at home, and enjoyed getting herself off on thoughts and fantasies of her office workers. After so many nights of cursing for a good lover, she'd find herself alone with her fantasies about Rosa. Just smelling Rosa's nice Asian pussy would probably send her reeling, but she wanted so much more, but didn't have a clue if Rosa even thought about her one bit after work. Things were of course much different at the office. Kate was all business and could easily compartmentalize her sexuality so as not to interfere with the operations of her important job. Occasionally, there were ripples in the veneer of her sexual firewall. Sometimes she felt the need to use her exclusive powder room and toilet to get herself off when frustrated with a date gone bad or Rosa and Claudia had dressed up more provocatively than usual, and her attempts at being casually flirtatious had failed. 

Then there was Mia who she had befriended to get the cleaning position for the office space. She never thought Mia would turnout to be one of the hottest women she'd ever met, but Kate still had some reservations about Mia which she needed to resolve.

Rosa sauntered over to her assistant's desk right after her short meeting with Kate.

"Hi Claudia, Kate needs us to work overtime today, and possibly through the weekend, to get the River account numbers ready for final review, are you okay with that?"

"Oh well, there goes the weekend! Its a good thing my ex has my little girl this weekend too! I'll pull the files out begin working right away, do you want me to show you the status in a few minutes?"

Rosa leaned over Claudia's desk, her dark hair almost grazed Claudia's arm as she looked straight into her subordinate's eyes for a impromptu, very unusual, intimate moment. Rosa's change of style from her usual aloof self, which surprised the older woman and caused her to back up into her desk chair.

"Claudia, I thought this overtime may help us get to know each other better anyway. I feel a strange tenseness between us. I really like your work and hope you enjoy working here. In any case, I'll make sure the office picks up your extra travel costs and even put in a baby sitter fee too, just for good measure ok?"

"Oh that would be great Rosa! I DO enjoy working for you, and yes it would be nice working on this important account. By the way, what is that fragrance you're wearing anyway? Its really nice, I should try it." Claudia had worn a more revealing dress that day, it hugged her figure closer and had a deeper V cut, allowing her ample cleavage more visibilty.

"Come into my office later I'll show you the bottle, Its not too expensive," Rosa said, smiling back at her as she walked back to her office a few feet away. Claudia watched her hips shift from side to side, wondering what was going on, but deep inside her heart, she was happy that her supervisor was being so warm to her. She'd always enjoyed watching Rosa walk around the office in her very revealing outfits. Claudia was envious of her legs, which were so firm from tennis and swimming and always tanned, even in the dark of winter! She'd always been attracted to her from the day she started a few years ago now, but the two women had really never hung out after work at all. She wondered why that was, but was happy it may begin to change tonight. Claudia had a few other male and female friends who she enjoyed socializing with, but they were all very superficial and casual.

As the afternoon progressed, Rosa glanced up at Claudia from time to time and noticed her smiling at Rosa, who smiled back. Maybe there was still hope after all that Rosa would allow her to see her softer more compassionate side this weekend, Claudia thought.

It was a warm Friday and the entire office staff of the company had left early as usual. Only Rosa and Claudia were working diligently on their computer terminals to get the spreadsheet data correctly entered, tabulated and then searched for any obvious errors for the important account. Around 6pm, Rosa came over to Claudia's desk and sat on the corner away from the screen. The flirtatious young woman flicked her long black hair back, her bare well tanned shoulders revealing her nicely toned muscles and her amazingly firm breasts.

"You never came into my office to check out the fragrance Claudia," Rosa sounded dejected, but got over it.

"So show me the bottle, or better yet, let me catch a whiff of it on your neck," she said with a wink.

Claudia leaned in as Rosa leaned in to her as well, turning her neck so that Claudia could smell her fragrance mixed with natural body.

"Ummnn, you smell great, that's a really nice fragrance, what's it called? Claudia put her hand on Rosa's shoulder as she took in the aromatic scent, and couldn't help giving Rosa's arm a gentle caress as they connected. The two women's eyes met with a warm smile.

Rosa was already wet. She desired this woman so much, but desperately wanted something more than just a fling, a one- nighter wasn't going to do it for her.

"Opium, I' ll lend you some tomorrow, I've got plenty," Rosa replied, trying to hide her arousal.

"Let's go to dinner, okay? And we'll come back and do just a few more hours before we quit. What type of food do you enjoy?"

Claudia was surprised that Rosa wanted to take her to dinner, they had never gone to lunch before and had only met in a store by accident near the office a while back. She could tell Rosa enjoyed her caress and was happy they were on much better terms since the day began. 

Since the office was totally empty except for the two women, Claudia wanted to be forthcoming about what she felt may be happening.

"Rosa, did you know I've always assumed you were all businesslike. But now I'm seeing this very beautiful, warm woman with a lot of compassion. Before today, You didn't seem, well, uh, to mix well with the others and I felt kind of sad, because you're such a beautiful woman and now you seem so, well, uh, I feel kinda weird saying this, but very attentive to me and I_"

"I'm really sorry I come off that way Claudia," Rosa interjected. "I have limited language and social skills in America. I feel strange sometimes. I was raised by a Vietnamese family and we were very isolated until I was in my 20's. I've always liked you and your work is first class! I'm really glad you brought this up, we can work on our friendship over dinner right? 

Over dinner at a local pub, the two women enjoyed a few cocktails before their meal. They opened up to one another and shared about their lives and loves and seemed to really enjoy each other's company. Rosa knew she had to be very careful not to move to quickly. She mistakenly assumed that because of Claudia's strict Catholic upbringing, she may sense that any untoward advances, romantic or sexual, would be construed as almost deviant. But Rosa didn't really know Claudia yet, and would be surprised to see how open the older woman was to being seduced by Rosa. As the two women became more open after a few rounds of after dinner drinks, they realized how much they had in common about their intimate desires.

"I'm single, but I have to tell you that I get hit on from older women like our boss, Kate when I'm out at some bars," Rosa admitted.

"Are you saying you enjoy being with women Rosa?"

"Not exclusively, but yes I enjoy a woman's touch as much as a man. Are you shocked? I've been with too many men who just cannot satisfy my real sexuality. I also had some bad breaks and well...I had a terrible experience in my early 20's. I got in a messed up relationship with a really shitty man who got me pregnant and deserted me. I had to have an abortion. Does that shock you or turn you off?"

Claudia listened intently, and was very taken with Rosa's honesty. In her mind, she never considered how difficult it must've been for Rosa to make those adjustments to living here. Claudia was already very attracted to Rosa and wanted her to feel accepted by her.

Rosa put her head down, a few tears appeared on her cheek, her face flushed with remorse and shame.

"Oh no, Rosa. Just because I was raised Catholic, I'm not turned off at all. If anything, I love that you can trust me so soon with your secrets. I try not to judge anyone. Claudia reached her soft hand to Rosa's wet cheek and dried them.

The two women looked into each other's eyes for the first time, and felt something connect. Rosa took Claudia's hand and held it close to her heart. She felt the warmth of a real friendship, maybe something more this time that could blossom into a love that she'd been seeking for so long. A love that had once began in her early days of adolescence but set aside by fear and society's judgement.

Claudia shared some of her deepest thoughts too, and Rosa listened on, casually checking out Claudia's more abundant breasts.

"After my divorce, I thought about letting it all go and not dating at all. Because In my middle year of college, I had a close friend who I experimented with, we began to touch each other in ways I had never experience and I liked it but was afraid to let her do anything she wanted. I had seriously questioned my sexuality. Then as we progressed into our junior year spring break, we got really hot and were kissing and licking each other, but she wanted us to be 'out' and I couldn't. This torrid affair only lasted a few months and I was devastated when it ended. She came out as a gay woman. The school was ready and many of her friends, but I was too afraid of the commitment or the change. I_"

"Its okay Claudia, I understand you don't have to try to explain your thinking. I'm bisexual and I've had similar thoughts, many of us have," Rosa said compassionately, holding Claudia hand still, she reached down and kissed her finger. 

Claudia liked that very much and knew that Rosa was real, she wanted to go slow mainly cause of her child but she wanted to explore where this all may lead. It was definitley the right time of her life to explore this she thought to herself.

"To this day I have so many reservations about abandoning that relationship. My friend was good to me and I abandoned her, now I have to live with that guilt."

"You could try to make amends," Rosa suggested.

"I did try, but I couldn't find her anywhere, even social media was a dead end."

"At least you tried, you could pray for forgiveness, your Higher Power will forgive you." Rosa added.

Rosa smiled at her new found work friend and admitted that she had similar reservations about calling herself only a lesbian or gay woman. She still wasn't comfortable with the word bisexual.

"Its getting late and we still have to do more work Claudia. I'm going to make sure you get a taxi home later ok?"

The women walked back to the office together. This time the distance between them was only a few centermetres. Their hands touched more than a few times and they looked at each other quite a bit, knowing something real was developing between them. Rosa went back to her office as they continued to do their dedicated jobs into the evening.

At 10 0'Clock, Mia the Latin American cleaning woman came into the office to do her job. Mia was an ex con who had worked her way back into society. She was a very healthy, 5 ft 10 woman with shoulder length brown hair and a very, muscular and shapely figure. She had worked out almost every day during her 2 years of incarceration. She soon enjoyed the attention from women her own age and older after her release and knew that her exceptional physical appearance would a major asset for her going forward. Kate had interviewed her personally for the job and trusted her to do a spotless and thorough cleaning every Friday. Kate befriended her and they eventually became part time lovers, but Kate insisted that Mia keep it totally discreet which they both agreed upon. 

But Kate didn't realize that Mia was totally addicted to being a voyeur. She continually sought out ways to spy on other women, sometimes a few times a week and then either take the fantasy back to her bedroom where she'd play with her pussy until she spurted her fluids all over bedsheets. She bought tiny consumer-spy video camera equipment online and mastered how to quickly hide it in places she could then either retrieve it or send the signal to another cell where she could then watch it remotely.

Mia asked Rosa some questions about Kate which seemed unusual, and then began her job. Rosa saw Mia as a recent immigrant in her early 40s with an unbelievably sexy body for someone doing such menial labor. Rosa didn't know anything about Mia and definitely didn't know that Mia and Kate were having sex in the office on a regular basis. Rosa didn't give Mia's subtle questions about Kate a second thought, until she thought about the ramifications later. 

Rosa headed over to Claudia and told her that they were done for the day and asked if she could be back at Noon tomorrow to try to finish up the account work. 

Mia was right there, listening to their conversation and tone of voice, which both women sort of picked up on as the cleaning woman was only a few feet away from them in the deserted, partially darkened office.

"Sure, Noon is more than enough time to recycle, and get back to work," Claudia said to Rosa as they headed to the elevator.

Rosa handed Claudia a fifty dollar bill and told her to get a taxi home and a receipt. 

Waiting for the small elevator in the lobby of the office, they looked at one another and smiled. The minute the doors closed on the elevator, both of them dropped their bags and embraced passionately. Rosa thew her hands around Claudia's neck as the kissed and hugged each other. Claudia's fingers reached around and caressed Rosa's firm body. The caresses and kisses increased as the elevator plunged toward the lobby, the intense heat of their feelings made the elevator seem like a sauna. No one was in the building this late, and the elevator went express. In the lobby the looked into each others eyes and knew this was something they both wanted. Before they walked out into the darkness, Rosa firmly pegged Claudia against the marble wall and fingered her wet panties. Her experienced finger went under her skirt and found Claudia's engorged clit through those soaked panties as their tongues exchanged places, their breath shortened to whispered sighs and moans. 

"I want you so much Claudia, you don't know. I've thought about this for a long time,"

"Oh, Rosa dear, I want this too, I do, I_"

"Lets do this tomorrow, after we think about it more, plan it better, get our jobs done, then it will feel better, more complete, I want SO much to please you now Claudia, but we can wait till morning,"

Claudia flung herself at Rosa, kissing her more passionately, opening a top button so she could see her panting breasts move, Claudia's finger found Rosa's wetness and she massaged it as they kissed and hugged. They separated and looked at each other closely, like two lovers who never want to be apart again, but know one more parting was necessary for survival.
