 We had all just graduated from high school and this was to be our last get together. Some of the girls were going off to college; a couple of them were moving for work, the rest of us were hanging around town at the local collage, working or taking an after school break. There were fourteen of us all together and it was decided that we would have a sleep over at Karen's house. It was the biggest and her parents didn't mind. We had all been pretty close over the years, playing sports together, taking classes together and just hanging out.

I got to Karen's about eight; most of the other girls were already there. We gathered in the basement where they had a fireplace and big screen TV. Karen had folded out the sofa bed and there were a number of air mattresses on the floor for us to sleep on (not that we expected to get much sleep). A number of the girls had brought videos and we spent the night watching movies, gabbing, eating pizza, popcorn and just having a good time being in each others company. A couple of the girls had sneaked in some wine and vodka and as the evening went by we emptied all the bottles.

By midnight most of the girls had changed into their PJs, I was wearing just an oversized shirt that came down to my knees with nothing underneath. That was how I slept at home and was very comfortable in it.

Around three Karen's parents came down and asked if we could quiet it down as they had to get up the next morning. So we all started to settle down to try and get some sleep.

I was laying on one of the air mattresses next to Amy, a cute little brunette with a firm body from playing volleyball. We had never been real close but knew each other well enough. We covered up, closed our eyes and tried to fall asleep. After about 15 minutes most of the giggling and comments had stopped and the sound of heavy breathing could be heard throughout the room. I laid there for about another half an hour not being able to sleep thinking about some the good times we girls had had together.

Amy rolled over and readjusted. When she did her hand came to rest on my leg a little above my knee. I froze for an instant at the touch and then relaxed thinking she was asleep and it as just an accident, no big deal. I did not want to wake her up so I held still.

Actually her hand felt quite nice there and I felt myself wetten slightly. I was embarrassed by that but could not get my mind off her hand and the effect it was having on my body.

I listened to her breathing and found it to ragged, not the slow shallow breath of someone asleep. Was she awake and doing this on purpose? I had to find out so I spread my legs a little to see what she would do. She readjusted, sliding her hand higher onto my thigh. My body reacted; I could feel the gush that the touch produced and the warmth spreading throughout my body. I spread my legs farther. Amy must of took this as a sign of my willingness as her hand traveled up again till it was resting on my pussy and started to make slow circles massaging my lips. A slight moan escaped my lips and I immediately grabbed my pillow and pulled it over my face to muffle the noise. At the sound of the moan Amy got bolder and slipped a finger between my lips and over my clit. She started to slid it up and down first into my pussy then back out and up over my clit repeating over and over again. She then started to change the rhythm and motion to keep me on edge, all the time bringing me closer to orgasm.

Just then I felt another pair of hands on me. Karen, your typical blond bombshell, had been lying on another air mattress on the other side of me. She had moved over, slipping the loose neckline of my shirt down over my breast and engulfing my left nipple in her mouth. While I masturbated quite often by myself it did not feel nearly as good or as dirty as having these two girls work the sweet spots on my body?

I stuffed my pillow into my mouth to keep me from moaning aloud and letting everyone in the room know what I was doing. It was only another minute or two, with Amy flicking my clit and Karen flicking my nipple, before I went crashing over the edge. God it felt so good. I just laid there in the afterglow.

Amy had moved here hand down and was just rubbing my leg and Karen had rolled back over letting my breast slip back under my shirt. It had felt so good I wanted to return the favor, so I reached over with both hands. On my right I found Amy who was wearing sweats. I slipped my hand under the waistband and started to massage her folds, which were quite wet. On my left, Karen had been wearing a large shirt like me and I slid my hand up her leg to her panty encased treasure. I rubbed it through her panties for a few second before she reached down and slid them off. I now had a naked, wet pussy in each hand.

Even though I had never done anything like this with a girl before, I just did what felt good to me when I played. It seemed to be working because I could feel both girls starting to squirm. It took a little while but I eventually brought of them to orgasm. We all just laid there, cuddled up next to each other as we fell asleep.