 The guys clustered round Lucy like bees to a flower. The corners of her eyes crinkled slightly as she laughed and the light bounced off her shiny golden hair. I watched from a distance for a while, oblivious to everything but her, before she noticed me and beckoned me over. As she hugged me hello, the scent from her freshly washed hair drifted over me and I breathed in as much as I could. As we chatted I admired her sparkling eyes, her flawless skin, her tiny nose. Luckily she had no idea what I was thinking or she wouldn’t have been talking to me at all. The topic of discussion was our friend’s birthday party, which was taking place that evening. 

“It’s gonna be so fun, I’ve never been to her house before. We haven’t had a girls night in ages!” I laughed at her enthusiasm. I was looking forward to it too, a chance to spend some time relaxing with my friends. Slowly the guys started drifting away, Lucy’s attention having been distracted by me. I couldn’t help noticing how toned her body was in her tight jeans and low top. I felt myself losing concentration and tried to focus on what she was saying. It was always like this when I was with her: difficult yet wonderful at the same time. Then the rest of our friends arrived and my attention turned to eating lunch.

That night we all lay around Anna’s spacious bedroom, eating popcorn and watching chick flicks. After she’d unwrapped her presents she produced a bottle of vodka and some cans of coke. As would be expected our talk centred around guys. As Lucy was far and away the most popular, she dominated the conversation and I had lots of excuses to stare at her. She was wearing baggy tracksuit bottoms and a small vest top that revealed a strip of toned stomach. As the alcohol began to take affect I felt myself becoming increasingly horny. I imagined what it would be like to kiss her soft lips, and run my hand over her rounded bottom. 

Eventually, when we were all pretty drunk, the conversation became more risqué. We’d been discussing all the things we would and wouldn’t do with guys. Once we’d gone round the group, Evelyn said, 

“What about girls?” Everyone except me admitted to having pulled girls at parties at least once. I had a boyfriend and so tended not to be included in those kinds of situations. Then Lucy laughed and said to me,

“That’s not fair, you’re the odd one out! You have to pull a girl and then we’ll all be even!” I laughed uncomfortably but the others cheered in agreement. I attempted to turn it into a joke.

“Oh sure,” I said, “And who would I pull?”

“Me!” she replied simply. My stomach did a triple flip. She’d be making my fantasies come true but would I be able to hide my lust for her? Especially in this state! If any of my friends found out how I felt, they’d treat me so differently. I hesitated, not reacting, but she moved towards me, leaving me no choice. 

“Oh what the hell, I’m drunk enough!” I laughed, trying to be as nonchalant as possible.

She leaned into me slowly and closed her eyes as our lips met. Suddenly I couldn’t hear anything except my own heartbeat, racing at a million miles an hour. My stomach was knotted and shivers travelled up and down my spine. Her lips were even silkier that I’d imagined them and I could barely breathe as she slipped her smooth tongue inside my mouth. I had to physically hold back from reaching out and touching her, pulling her to me and holding her close. 

After what seemed like an eternity the kiss ended and the whole group burst into laughter. I tried to laugh with them but I don’t think I was very convincing, I could feel my clit throbbing in my pants and I felt like I’d come if I moved an inch. Lucy just sat back and smiled, looking at me tenderly, as if she knew how much of an effect she’d had. I put it down to the alcohol; after all, she couldn’t possibly have known.

The group returned to chatting and the topic shifted to films. However I couldn’t concentrate on anything except the tingle in my lips and the dampness in my pants. A few minutes later I excused myself to go to the toilet. I sat on the side of the bath and tried to pull myself together. I drunk some water and told myself over and over that I didn’t fancy Lucy. But my swollen clit became too much to resist and I couldn’t help slipping my hand down my pants to relieve myself. Just as I could feel my orgasm building, there was a knock on the door.

“Amy? Are you in there?” It was Lucy. 

“Erm, yeah, one second. I’ll be out in a minute”

“Can I come in? I want to talk to you.” Fuck. I rinsed my fingers off and went to the door. “Are you OK?” She looked quite concerned.

“Yeah I’m fine,” I replied, smiling. She swayed slightly, the alcohol getting the better of her, and grabbed hold of my arm to steady herself. She entered the bathroom, closing the door behind her and stood close to me next to the basin. 

“I feel a bit dizzy,” she admitted. I was worried she would be ill so I suggested she sat down on the floor. She pulled me down with her and rested her head against my shoulder. The smell from her hair aroused me all over again but I tried to shut it out of my mind, concentrating on making her feel better. “You’re a good kisser you know,” she told me. 

“You’re not bad yourself!” I laughed. She sighed.

“Are you feeling sick?” 

“No, I’m fine now, I just felt kinda dizzy standing up.” We sat for a few seconds in silence and then she lifted her head and looked me in the eye. My heart was racing as she leaned in to kiss me again. I had no resistance left and I relaxed into it, cupping my hand round her cheek. Suddenly she pulled away and looked down.

“I’m sorry,” she said quietly. 

“What for? You haven’t done anything wrong!”

“No, you don’t understand. OK, if I tell you something will you promise not to tell anyone else?”

“Of course!” A few seconds passed before she spoke and my whole body was tensed. 

“I think I’m bisexual.” I smiled but she didn’t see because she was still staring at the floor. “I really hope you don’t hate me for this, but I’ve liked you for quite a while, and I thought since you didn’t freak out at kissing me, I might as well tell you.”

“Lucy, I’m bi too! I’ve been wanting to kiss you for ages!” She looked up at me in disbelief. Her eyes were suspicious as if she thought I was mocking her. I leaned in and pecked her on the lips, just to prove my point. Hungry for more I kissed her quickly again, until she was reassured enough to close her eyes and kiss me properly. 

Knowing that we both felt the same, and fuelled by the alcohol, I couldn’t control my lust. I kissed her deeply, exploring her whole mouth with my tongue and she kissed me back with the same enthusiasm. I ran my hand over her perky breast and felt my orgasm returning. She wrapped her arm round my neck and pulled me down so we were lying on the cold tiled floor. She pressed herself against me and her excited hands flew over my breasts and bottom. Our breathing was fast and shallow and the room was spinning around us. When I couldn’t take any more I took her hand and pulled it down to my soaking pussy. She ran her finger over my hot clit and I climaxed immediately, shuddering uncontrollably. 

She moaned and I moved my hand down to her equally wet pussy. I rubbed her clit in a circular motion until I felt her body tense and convulse. As our breathing returned to normal we continued to kiss until someone knocked on the door. 

“Is everything OK in there?” called Evelyn. 

“Yeah we’re fine,” I called back, my voice sounding strained and unfamiliar, “Lucy was just feeling a bit dizzy. I’m looking after her.”

“Oh right, are you OK Lucy?”

“Yeah I’m much better now. We’ll be out in a minute.” Lucy and I looked at each other and giggled. The relief I felt was indescribable. We realised we had to go back out before anyone got suspicious so we cleaned ourselves up and rejoined the group. We exchanged conspiratorial glances throughout the rest of the evening and I yeaned to be able to touch and hold her again.

About two hours later we all decided to go to sleep. Once the lights had gone out we chatted for ages but finally everyone fell silent. I was far too aroused to sleep but I thought Lucy had already dropped off. After what seemed like an eternity, the quiet sound of deep breathing filled the room and I knew everyone was asleep. Then I heard a rustle and felt a weight next to me on my mattress. 

“Amy?”

“Yeah?” Lucy quietly crawled under my open sleeping bag and wrapped her arm around my waist. She pulled me into another kiss, this time slower and less urgent. I caressed her face with my hand and ran my fingers through her satin hair. She slipped her hand under my top and rubbed my breast. I did the same to her. The feeling of her naked skin under my finger tips turned me on so much I had to concentrate on breathing quietly in case I woke the others. 

I pulled her top up and pressed my naked breasts against hers. The sensation sent shivers all over my body and I felt my pants flood again. She moved her hand down my pants and slid three fingers into my pussy. She moved them in and out sending waves of pleasure to my clit. Then she pressed and rubbed my hungry clit with her thumb. When I came she pushed her tongue into my mouth to muffle the sound. When I’d finished we paused for a second to check if anyone was awake. They all seemed to be fast asleep. 

Still tipsy and feeling daring, I moved down the mattress until my head was level with Lucy’s crotch. I pulled down her pants and buried my face in her. She was so wet; I was covered in her cum immediately. She smelled musty but not unpleasant and I felt her body writhe as I licked her swollen clit. I slid my fingers up and down her pussy to intensify her orgasm and it didn’t take her long to climax. I moved back up and she kissed me immediately, tasting herself greedily. 

I couldn’t stop kissing her that night. We must have kissed for over two hours. We both came three more times before morning and needless to say neither of us got much sleep! We never told anybody how we felt about each other. If anyone had found out they didn’t say anything. As far as we knew it was our secret, and although it was hard being close to her without being able to be with her, it was worth it when we were on our own and could give into our secret desires.