 "It's late. Want a lift to your hotel?" the taller woman asked her smaller, slightly older companion.

"What?" her colleague looked momentarily confused. "Oh, yeah. No. I mean, I don't have a room yet." She looked embarrassed. "I've just been so busy, you know?"

"Uh huh!" and she did, too.

As physicians doing fellowships, they were used to sixty-hour days and seven-day work weeks. They loved the work but it took its toll, especially on their personal lives.

Remy smiled as a solution occurred to her. "You can bunk at my place tonight."

"Thanks, but I couldn't, really."

"Oh come on! It'll be fun!" the taller woman was grinning like a schoolgirl.

Her enthusiasm was infectious and Alison conceded, "If you insist."

"I insist." Remy smiled again.

Alison was actually relieved not to need to hunt for a room at that hour. She'd either get a dump or pay more than she really could afford. "It's settled then."

The two women made small talk as they made their way to Remy's car and continued on the drive to her loft apartment. The neighborhood was in transition. Yuppified conversions stood among empty warehouses and garment factories. Pressure-washed on the conversions, the old red brickwork looked grimy and depressing on the un-renovated structures.

As they rode the erstwhile freight elevator, Remy said, "What say we grab a bite after we shower?"

"God! After the day I've had, a shower sounds great, but I left my bag in the rental. I don't even have a toothbrush." She had come back to settle a legal matter but when she stopped by the hospital to visit old friends, she had been dragooned into service, dealing with the numerous casualties of a construction disaster. Her license here was still valid, as was her accreditation to the hospital. Though it felt much longer, she had been away just three months.

She loved ER work, helping those most in need of it, but she was now worn out from all the action. Satisfied, but nearly exhausted.

"No problem! I always keep a spare on hand and someone left some stuff that oughta fit."

"I suppose it depends on where we want to go eat."

"I know a great casual sushi place," Remy studied Alison's expression. "Or we could do pizza."

The elevator reached their floor and Remy threw up the doors. "Here we are," she said, gesturing expansively around the floor, "my humble abode."

All Alison could say was, "Wow! It's huge!" She took in the vast space decorated in a minimalist style that emphasized the buildings original charms. No interior walls broke up the space, only steel beam columns defined the spaces dedicated to various uses. The kitchen was a rectangular area in one far corner, the focal point of which was a stainless steel range and hood that would have been at home in a commercial kitchen. The refrigerator looked similarly suited. "How cool that your front door's an elevator!"

A king-sized bed, on a platform and covered with a black satin comforter made the bedroom area obvious. That and a long, low dresser that served as a sort of wall marker. Even the bathroom was only defined as a far, tiled, corner of the loft, the toilet surrounded by an elegant Japanese screen. Alison was no expert, of course, but she thought it must be an original. There wasn't even a curtain around the shower space, which was demarcated only by a slightly sunken area with a drain in the center.

"Something to drink?"

"A big glass of water would be great." Alison realized that she was desperately thirsty.

"Sure."

Remy headed to the kitchen and returned with a large glass of ice water and a long neck bottle of Samuel Adams beer. She handed Alison the water and took a pull on the beer. Alison gulped down the water all in one go.

Remy asked, "More?"

"That'd be great." She handed Remy the glass.

When she came back she motioned to the over-stuffed black leather couch. "Have a seat."

The two women headed to the couch. Remy tossed herself forcefully on one end but managed to look elegant as she did. Alison was a bit daintier as she took up the other end of the couch. They chatted idly about the day's cases. When she finished her water, Alison asked, "You got another of those?" gesturing to the beer.

"Middle shelf of the fridge, on the right."

Alison returned with two beers and handed one to her host.

"Thanks." Remy reached for the bottle and again took a long pull from it. Alison emulated the taller woman but ended her swig with a loud belch. "Excuse me!" She blushed intensely.

"No prob." To emphasize her sincerity, Remy let out a great eructation of her own.

Both women burst out laughing. The more they laughed, the funnier everything seemed. This fueled even more laughter until they nearly passed out from lack of oxygen.

Finally, they returned to Earth. They finished their beers amidst occasional giggles, gasps, and guffaws.

Remy stood up suddenly. "I gotta get cleaned up. You?"

"Well, I can't go out like this."

"Fuck that then. We'll stay in. How about I make us some pasta?"

By now, lounging on the couch sounded much better than going out anywhere. "If it's not too much trouble."

"Not at all. Won't take too long but I'm gonna shower first." As she headed to the bath corner she pulled he jersey over her head and began to undo her slacks. By the time she reached the shower, only panties and bra adorned her tall, lithe form. 

Alison stared at her friend, taken by her quiet self-confidence as she posed unconsciously for a moment before proceeding. She turned on the shower and in moments steam billowed from the falling water. Remy reached behind to undo her bra and tossed it to the basket where she'd put her top and slacks. She spread her arms wide and then spun around twice, stopping facing her guest. "I so need this!" she said.

Alison couldn't help but look at her friends lovely breasts. She had assumed that they'd be larger. Not that she checked other women out as a rule. She did feel a little relieved to see that Remy's legs were just a bit fuller than was fashionable. She thought Remy might be prettier than she was and noting this small imperfection pleased her. She was used to being the prettiest woman almost wherever she went and though she wouldn't admit it to herself, she liked it that way.

"I really need a good scrub. Won't be long." She tossed her head back, letting her long, dark hair fall down behind her, its ends brushing the swell of her panty-clad bottom. She returned to facing the steaming water and bent forward to remove her underwear. These too wound up in the laundry basket. 

She stepped under the hot water, grabbed a bar of fancy soap, and began to lather herself. Her movements were efficient and thorough and yet, somehow, she made it all look carefully choreographed and elegant. When she washed her breasts, she switched to a more sensual motion as though unaware that Alison was there.

Alison was mesmerized. She'd never watched someone else shower and Remy's open bath made seeing her very difficult to avoid. She noticed that her friend trimmed her dark pubic hair into a narrow, neat rectangle that stopped a just where the slight swell of her tummy began. 'That's the style now,' she told herself. She couldn't decide whether it was perfectly reasonable or kind weird that there were fashions for genitals. Then it occurred to her that if she showered here, she'd be just as much on display as Remy. Unexpectedly, a pleasant shiver went through her at the thought of it.

Alison was no exhibitionist, but having seen her lovely friend in the buff, she felt more confident of herself and she was proud of her own fine body. She got up to get another beer and returned to the couch to sip some more. She propped herself up on one elbow and rested her head in her palm as she watched Remy shampoo her long, dark tresses. With her hands working her scalp, Remy's breasts were well-displayed. Alison studied the dark red nipples and surprisingly large areolae surrounding them.

Remy stepped back into the water to rinse the suds from her hair, displaying her body beautifully in the process. Alison realized that she was staring, entranced by the nude Remy and her graceful movements. She was embarrassed when Remy looked up and caught her gaze but still she didn't look away.

Remy, obviously unconcerned with Alison's attentions, finished rinsing off and turned off the water. She addressed her guest, "Living alone, I never even think about privacy. And the only guests I have usually see me naked anyway." she gave an impish grin.

Alison was aware that Remy enjoyed partners of both sexes and knew she wasn't in any long-term relationships. Still, to hear her refer to her interests so casually seemed odd. Alison was no prude. Heck, the first time she and Robert had sex, she was so high that she had done things she had never done with anyone else. Really dirty things that she never expected to enjoy so much. But when sexual urges hit her, it was always a man she wanted. She had never understood how some women wanted other women, but watching Remy dry herself off, she felt a twinge between her legs.

She ignored the brief sensation of arousal and convinced herself that her admiration of her statuesque friend was simply aesthetic, nothing more. Then Remy bent over, reaching to dry her shins, and favored Alison with a marvelous view of her bottom and crotch. For the first time Alison wished she were a man. She had a momentary desire to be thrusting against those firm globes, buried to the hilt deep inside the taller woman. The urge was so visceral, so affecting, that Alison gasped out loud, quickly bringing her hand to her mouth in a belated attempt to suppress the sound.

Remy worked not to acknowledge what she heard but she smiled inside. She enjoyed having her body appreciated, especially by another pretty woman. Slowly she rose and then reached for a long royal blue robe of luxuriant terry cloth. She wrapped herself into it and tied the belt with the easy flair that comes from long practice. 

"Your turn," she called out to Alison as she wrapped a big white towel around her hair so that it looked like a turban. She sensed hesitation in Alison and offered, "I'm gonna be busy making dinner just as soon as I throw something on."

Alison relaxed slightly. In fact, she almost wanted Remy to check her out, to see just how good she looked, to admire how well she cared for herself. The thought of being admired in the nude again brought a twinge between her legs. She got off the couch. She really did want that shower and after two beers, she was more at ease with the idea of showering in the open, on display. At least the toilet was screened off. She couldn't imagine using the plumbing if someone were watching.

"There's another robe in the wardrobe," Remy told her. "It's on the hook on the door."

Alison walked over to the bed 'room' and opened the modern-looking, tall white cabinet against the bare brick wall. She found a robe identical to the one Remy had on and hung it over her arm. She closed the wardrobe and headed across to the shower.

Remy returned to the bedroom and exchanged the terry robe for a shorter one of pinkish satin. The color was only enhanced by the contrast with the pale golden tan of her skin. She then headed for the kitchen and put a large pot on to boil while she prepared the sauce.

Alison hesitated for a moment before undressing. She hadn't showered in front of another woman since her residency, when the on call room had a four-head shower room. 'What the heck,' she thought to herself, 'I did this every day in high school.' She removed her vest and pants. 'Then again,' she considered, 'in high school, no one was a self-described bisexual.' She began to undo the buttons of her blouse. She hung it carefully on the rack and then slipped her slacks off. These joined the blouse before she reached behind herself to unhook her bra. 'Moment of truth,' she thought to herself as she removed the lavender lingerie. Though she was the smaller of the two women, her breasts were larger than Remy's were. In contrast to Remy's large areolae and prominent dark nipples, Alison's were pale, barely distinguishable from the rest of her breast, and her nipples were puffy and inverted. Most folks would have a tough time deciding which woman's breastswere more appealing.

Alison looked over to the kitchen and found herself almost disappointed that Remy was so absorbed preparing the sauce. She hooked her thumbs into the waistband of her matching panties and tugged them down over her hips, balancing deftly as she stepped out of them. Now, she became self-conscious. In contrast to her fashionable friend, Alison let her pubic hair pretty-much grow as it would. She did trim it enough so that she could wear her one-piece to the gym when she went swimming, but she did not clip and sculpt it as her taller friend did. Robert had encouraged her to let it go natural. He said he loved to go exploring in the wild bush! Must've been an Ozzie thing. As for her first husband, it was never an issue. He'd barely been well-enough to consummate their marriage and they hadn't made love much after that. When they did, it was more often her servicing him than anything physically mutual.

She turned on the water, letting it run briefly before stepping under the steaming spray. God! That felt great. She was so lost in the sensations that she completely forgot about being on display. As Remy had done, while she was shampooing her hair, she turned to face her friend. She was shocked to realize that Remy, finished now with the sauce, was staring at her, apparently appraising her naked form. The thought at once annoyed and thrilled her.

When she was washing her feet, she emulated another of Remy's moves and bent over, offering Remy a fine view of her shapely bottom and furry crotch with her hot pink lips protruding from their luxuriant dark nest. She didn't even know herself if this move was deliberate.

Remy didn't care. She loved the way Alison's ass looked and her inner lips, which peeked out beyond her outer ones and the thicket of curly hair that adorned them. Yes, she approved of the view. Alison was perhaps the prettiest woman she had yet had to her apartment. She double-checked that everything was cooking along properly, turning down the flame under the sauce, before walking over to the bath. She dropped the satin robe on the floor as she approached.

Alison, busily rinsing her hair, didn't see her coming. Remy stepped into the shower and said, "let me do your back." it really was a beautiful back and Remy wanted to feel it under her firm caresses.

Alison jumped in surprise. She hadn't known that Remy was there. "Excuse me?!"

Unabashed, Remy began to lather Alison's back with both hands. She could feel how tense her pretty friend was. "Relax," she told her. "Doesn't that feel nice?"

In fact it did. Remy's movements reminded Alison of a masseuse's. She relaxed a little. "Mmm, that does feel good." She relaxed a little more. Soon, she was aware only of the warm flowing water and of Remy's tender attentions.

Remy's hands drifted lower, caressing the sweet, symmetrical curves of Alison's ass. "You have a beautiful back."

She ran one hand along the outside of Alison's thigh, moving the other to the inside. She intended to show Alison how women made love. That wasn't on her mind when she'd invited her to stay, but watching her shower had excited Remy as she hadn't been for a long while. Until recently, she was in an exclusive, heterosexual relationship. With that over, and Alison nude in front of her, her sexual urges returned to women. God! But Alison was beautiful. She traced a finger along Alison's outer lips.

"Hey!" She turned suddenly to face Remy. She flushed but not with anger. She was embarrassed when she realized how turned on Remy's attentions were making her.

Remy pressed her index finger gently across Alison's lips and said, "Shh. It's ok."

Alison sighed. Remy's hands felt so good and she hadn't been touched by anyone, not in an intimate way, since the divorce. Heck, she'd hardly masturbated. She'd never had all that strong a sex drive but what she had steered her unmistakably towards men. She'd never even kissed a girl as so many of her classmates had when she was in college. Some had even had full-fledged Sapphic flings. Just wasn't for her though. Now this. At that moment, the thought of playing sex with Remy was more appealing than revolting.

Remy bent down slightly and kissed Alison full on the lips, gently but firmly pulling Alison to her with a hand behind her head. Alison didn't resist, though it was some minutes before she opened her mouth and accepted Remy's experienced tongue. Alison reached out and hugged Remy to her, drawing their bodies close, The bottoms of Remy's tanned breasts brushing across the tops of Alison's creamy beauties. All the kissing had Alison decidedly aroused. She felt an almost unfamiliar tingling between her legs. God! She needed a good fucking. Why couldn't Remy be a man just now?

They kissed for an age. Remy was thankful that her loft had tankless water heaters. She didn't want to stop yet. She moved her hands beneath Alison's gorgeous buns and gave a heave, lifting the smaller woman up.

Reflexively, Alison threw her legs around Remy's waist and hugged her more tightly. They resumed their wonderful kissing. Alison got into it, running her tongue across Remy's teeth. When Remy parted her teeth and sucked forcefully on Alison's tongue, it was as if her tongue were wired to her clit. Alison had never had such an erotic feeling from kissing. In truth, neither her first husband, nor Robert (for all of his claimed experience) were especially skilled at this. Remy sure was and Alison wanted more. She traced her tongue around Remy's full, soft lips.

In response, Remy hugged her tightly. With her legs wrapped around Remy's hips and their bellies pressing against each other, Alison suddenly became aware of a pressing need. "uh, Remy? I gotta get down."

"Why?" Remy grinned at her as she asked.

"I need to pee!" Alison admitted with some awkwardness. "You gotta let me down."

Again, "Why?"

"So I can pee!" Alison didn't like Remy being thick.

Remy held her tighter. "Go right ahead."

"What?"

"Pee. The water's running."

"You mean?" Alison was aghast.

Remy favored her with her seductive smile. "Uh huh." She squeezed harder.

Alison's need was great, nearly as great as her resistance to the idea of peeing in front of her friend. She considered, in their current embrace, she wouldn't just be peeing in front of her friend; she'd be peeing ON her friend! "But. . ."

Remy grinned salaciously. "Uh huh."

Alison relented, not fighting her hostess. In a few moments, her stream began. Once she started, there was no way Alison could stop. The hot stream splashed against Remy's taught belly, running, mixing in with the water from the shower.

Remy's peals of laughter encouraged her and she squeezed all the harder to empty her bladder on her friend's tummy under the steamy shower's spray. When at last she was done, Remy grinned at her and said, "Now that wasn't so hard, was it?" as she soaped herself all over again.

Alison, laughing vigorously herself by now said, "No, I guess not."

Remy grinned wider, knowing that with this experience behind her, Alison would be easier to lead to other new things. "Alison," she asked her guest, now busily washing herself again, "are you ready to eat?"

Alison paused in her own scrubbing and looked to the kitchen and caught the whiff of the red sauce simmering on the stovetop. "I'm famished!" she realized aloud.

"I wasn't thinking of food!" Remy teased, laughing.

Alison blushed deeply. She was disconcerted by the suggestion of oral sex, especially with another woman. She was even more disturbed by the fact that she was growing interested in the idea.
