 Apparently, I didn't make this clear enough: both of the parties involved were over 18. Anyway.

Everyone looks forward to their prom night. Girls start shopping for dresses months in advance and constantly obsess over who they're going to go with. On the actual day of the prom, they'll spend hours getting themselves ready and looking perfect. I thought I was done with all that, but I got invited to a friend's prom. He said there would be a lot of people from my class that were invited, and that it should be fun. I was fairly skeptical, since prom had always sucked before. Nobody danced so the DJ gave up and played slow songs the entire night both times. Not that anybody noticed since everyone was standing around outside in the lobby, waiting for prom to be over so we could go to the after party. Not even the food was good, but that was to be expected. The point is, I was expecting a pretty bad time but Patrick is one of my best friends so I went just to make him happy. Besides, I didn't have to pay for anything.

We both got there about an hour and a half late, all dressed up and looking very good. It was true that there were a lot of people from my class; I knew almost everybody there. I was pleasantly surprised and went over to talk to some of my friends while my date did whatever it is guys do at prom. I think he was eating. I didn't feel too bad about ditching him because he had his friends that he hung out with, and I didn't really talk to them.

So me and the girls were chit chatting about who was looking hot tonight and the other girls' dresses when the DJ started playing some hip hop instead of slow songs. I immediately started moving to the beat almost unconsciously while sitting my chair, and one of my friends grabbed my hand and led me to the dance floor. All the girls in my group followed and other people joined us until the dance floor was packed, even though about 80% of the people dancing were female. I wasn't complaining. Everyone was raising their hands above their heads and getting down. It was so different from the proms I went to before. This time, everyone seemed determined to dance and have a good time. 

I was dancing in a group of about five girls. I knew all of them, but was really close with one of the girls. Kate is her name. We've gone through high school together...she's a good friend. I was always aware that she was very pretty, but had never looked at her in a sexual way. She was totally straight and as far as I knew, had never experimented with another girl and never had the desire to. She knew that I was a lesbian and had no problem with it; she treated me the same as all her other female friends, which meant a lot of touching. She's one of those girls that like to cuddle with other girls and is just generally a touchy-feely kind of person. 

The five of us were dancing and eventually we started getting pretty sweaty. The dance floor was so crowded we all had to dance really close. We kept getting in each other's way, our arms and legs bumping against each other. People came and went, but eventually the girls got tired and dropped out until it was just me and Kate left. In fact, the dance floor was getting pretty empty by then because people had been dancing for a couple hours and everyone's feet hurt. Kate and I both love to dance though, so we ignored the pain in our arches (dancing for a few hours straight in 4 inch heels will hurt) and kept going, even though it was just us and maybe 5 other people dancing in their own group. She was so hot. Her hair was slightly out of place and she was covered in sweat as her body gyrated to the music. 

She looked at me and said, "I guess it's just us now," 

I smiled, throwing my head back and immersing myself in the beat. The song "Me and You" by Cassie was playing and I love that song. I raised one arm above my head and said, "Careful. People might think I turned you lesbian and we're going out. See the teachers looking at us?" as I wiped off some sweat from my face and neck, my fingers trailing down my jaw line to my collarbone and my chest. 

She gave me a mischievous smile and said, "Well let's give them something to watch then," and turned around, grinding her ass into me. She is exactly the same height as me, so everything fit together well. I was taken by surprise but recovered quickly, my hands resting on the sides of her hips as I pushed my hips forward so I was pressing my pussy against her ass. Our hips were moving together perfectly. That's one thing about grinding with girls: first of all, you're probably around the same size so you're not grinding against someone's thigh or stomach. Second, guys kind of move to a different beat than girls do. It's hard to time yourself when you're dancing with a guy, but when you're dancing with a girl you can match each other's rhythm easily. 

It had started out as a joke, but I was starting to get a little turned on. I don't think she could tell at first since I was already flushed and covered in a light sheen of sweat. For all I know, she could have been as turned on as I was then since she was in the same physical condition. Either way, I'm sure she was able to feel my clit getting harder against her ass. I spread my legs a little and my hands moved to her stomach, playing with the seams of her dress. She leaned her head back so my cheek was pressed against the side of her head and I was breathing into her ear. She put her hands over my hands and threaded her fingers with mine. Impulsively, I kissed the area directly behind her right ear, then trailed my tongue along the edge of her entire ear. Her mouth opened slightly and she shivered, gripping my hands tighter. 

A slow song came on, and she turned around and wrapped her arms around my neck. I held her pretty close, putting my hands flat against her lower back. She smelled good, a little bit like perfume and a little bit like girl sweat. We started out without any part of our bodies touching except arms, but soon our breasts were pressed against each other's. To my embarrassment, my nipples reacted and started poking against her breasts (neither of us was wearing a bra because of the type of dresses we were wearing). My embarrassment soon faded when I felt her nipples pressing into me. 

She broke the sexual tension a little and pulled her head back, looking at me with a little pout. "You know, this is the last time I'm ever going to dance with you since I'm transferring after this year," she said. "Aww I'm going to miss you."

Our faces were so close together I could feel her breath on my lips as she talked. I realized that our entire bodies were pressed against each other's and I had subconsciously slipped my thigh between hers earlier. 

I said, "I'll miss you too," and leaned forward to kiss her cheek, as a friend would. She turned her head so that instead of kissing her cheek, I was kissing her full lips. We kissed gently for a second and I pulled back, saying, "I didn't know you were into kissing girls," and raised my eyebrow. 

She laughed nervously and said, "I've never done this before. I've never even thought about it before...the thought just never crossed my mind." She added thoughtfully, "It's nice, though." 

I smiled and said, "You think so?" while leaning in, almost kissing her but not quite.

She said "Yeah" and smiled back before I kissed her again, sucking on her bottom lip and biting a little before pressing our lips together. We swayed gently to the music while we kissed all over each other's faces, her right hand coming up and resting against my jaw and neck. Suddenly the lights came on and totally shook us out of our own little world. People were starting to leave the dance floor and over the DJ announcing that prom was over I told Kate, "Let's go somewhere after this. Ana and Mary are getting a suite at one of the hotels, but it's not going to be a party-party with lots of drinking. Just a place for people to relax. So chances are there's not going to be a lot of people there..."

Kate took the hint and grinned at me. "The less people around the better," she said as she turned around and went back to the table to get her purse. We said our goodbyes to everyone and keyed some asshole's Lexus who'd parked in two parking spaces so nobody could scratch his car before making our way to the hotel. When we got there, there were maybe 5 people watching TV, a couple of them drinking a beer but overall it was very laidback. This is generally not my type of party but I wasn't really looking to get drunk that night anyway.

We sat down on the couch and watched some show where celebrities learn how to surf. After a while Kate and I both needed to pee so we went to the bathroom in the master bedroom together. When we walked into the bedroom we discovered that Ana and Mary were having their own private party and we quickly shut ourselves in the bathroom. We did our business and I looked at Kate and said over the moaning coming from the bedroom, "I really don't want to go out there again." 

She agreed with me and we sat down to wait it out. That was a long night. For the first couple hours, we tried to talk but Kate got tired so she went to sleep in the bathtub. I don't know how she managed to sleep with the all the noise. Eventually the screaming died down so I opened the door and peeked out. Ana and Mary were cuddling on the bed and they both gave me a dirty look so I hurriedly made my apologies and shut the door. As I locked the door behind me, Kate startled me by saying, "Are they done yet?" and raising herself on her elbows to look at me.

"Oh you're awake. It doesn't look like they're finished, but I think it'll be less than an hour," I said as I sat down, leaning against the door. Kate pulled herself out of the bathtub and stood up, saying, "So are we ever going to make out or what?"

Finally. I stood up and put on a stern face. "Maybe if you hadn't fallen asleep in the bathtub..."

She said, "Well now I'm totally wide awake," and wrapped her arms around my waist, pressing her body into mine. 

I replied, "I can tell," and kissed her, using only my lips at first but then slowly ran the tip of my tongue over her bottom lip. My hands reached up to caress her face and as my fingers lightly rubbed the side of her neck and the area right behind her ear, she shivered again. By then our tongues had found each other and were twisting together. I ran my hands through her hair and moved so I was kissing and licking right behind her ear. She stood completely still and let out a soft moan/grunt/sigh. I don't know what to call that noise that only girls make. It's like a high-pitched, breathy "Uhhh". Anyway, she made that sound and I moved my mouth over her ear and very softly touched my tongue to the inside of her ear. I sucked her earlobe into my mouth and ran my tongue over it, then continued running my tongue along the edge of her ear before biting the top ridge gently and kissing her on the mouth again. 

She took my arms and laid down on the floor, pulling me down on top of her. We kissed deeply, our breathing getting heavier and quicker. I started rubbing my whole body against hers, stimulating our nipples and clits. By now her nipples were poking straight through her dress so I pulled back and started pinching both of them through the dress. She closed her eyes and moaned, arching her back so her breasts were pressing into my hands harder. I massaged her breasts as I rolled her nipples between my fingers, which soon had her moaning and writhing on the floor below me. While I was still doing this I kissed her neck right below her jaw, then ran my tongue down to her collarbone where I kissed and licked the indentation right above it. I could taste the sweat that was starting to form on her body. I slid her sleeves off, trailing my fingers on her shoulders and pulled her dress down to her waist. Her breasts were heaving and glistening with sweat, her head thrown back and her mouth open, making little whimpers and sighs. I remember wondering that if she responded like this just to stimulation of her breasts, how she'd react to someone going down on her. 

I took one small, pink nipple into my mouth and ran the flat of my tongue over it, then teased it with the tip of my tongue. First she pushed her breast into my face, then a second later her hips came up and started grinding against my stomach. She pulled her dress up so it was above her hips, revealing a white thong which was completely see-thru, it was so soaked. She went back to grinding and I could feel her hard clit surrounded by the softness and wetness of the rest of her pussy against my stomach. 

I couldn't stand it anymore and pulled her thong down, positioning myself in between her legs that she had just spread wide open for me. I stuck my tongue in her pussy, wiggling it around and feeling her wetness surrounding my tongue. I started fucking her with my tongue as my nose rubbed against her clit, her hips moving up and down with each thrust and her hand reaching down to press my head into her pussy harder. Her juices were getting all over my face and all I could see or smell or taste was her pussy. I looked up and saw one of her hands roughly massaging her right breast and her stomach muscles spasming, her breath coming in short gasps and grunts.

Before I even had time to start licking her clit, her back arched and her body became rigid as her hips started jerking against my face. She let out a long, loud "Ooooooh" as a small gush of liquid flowed over my tongue and straight into my mouth, some of it slowly dripping onto the floor. Her moans turned into panting as I licked her clean and slid up her body. At her request, I wiped my face and swallowed before kissing her. 

"So what did you think?" I asked as I laid on my side next to her, my hand absently running over her stomach.

She didn't say anything for a while, then said, "I don't know. It was fun, and I was turned on, but I don't think I could go down on another girl. Like, I didn't even want to kiss you after you went down on me. And I can't see myself in a relationship with another girl." She paused. "But I feel bad that I didn't give you anything back after what you gave me."

I said, "No, it's fine. You know, I think Ana and Mary are done now if you want to go watch TV or something," and stood up. She stood up too and pulled her dress so that she was wearing it properly again and put on her thong. As we walked out of the bathroom, Ana and Mary were sitting on the bed, staring at us with absolutely shocked expressions on their faces. 

I said, "Now you know how it feels except you weren't basically trapped in a bathroom for five hours," and left. They never brought it up later, but Kate has mentioned to me that she made out with another girl. I think she's straight but is attracted to girls. Time will tell.