 Okay, so this one was actually inspired by the song "Sleepover" from Hayley Kiyoko. I had a lot of fun writing it. It's not very long, compared to my other stories and it is just a one-shot. Probably not my best but, I personally like it and I hope you enjoy reading it.

Whiskey-

*****

I was lying on the couch, a blanket pulled all the way up over my head when I heard the loud knocking at the front door. I sighed, not knowing who it was but, wishing they would just go away. My parents were out for the day, so I had the house to myself...I wanted to just sleep and be alone. 

Whoever was out there, did not leave.

The knocking persisted, and after about a full minute, I heard someone calling out to me. The voice was familiar; it was my best friend, Kelly.

"Amy! Open up, I know you're in there!"

I knew she wouldn't leave...I wouldn't leave either if she were in my position. I had been shut off from the world, for the last couple of days, in a bit of a depression. I went to school, came home, and kept to myself for the most part; even my parents were starting to worry about me. As she continued banging on the door, I sighed and sat up, deciding that I at least owed her an explanation as to where I'd been; it wouldn't be the truth, though. 

I opened the door, and she practically jumped on me, throwing her arms around me and sighing in relief. "You've had me worried sick! Why aren't you answering your phone?"

"It's been turned off, all day."

"Yeah, why though?"

I shrugged, leaning against the door frame and trying to come up with an explanation...I couldn't tell her the truth. Because, the truth was, she was the reason I was feeling this way lately.

"I'm fine, really."

"You don't look fine," Kelly pushed. "What's wrong?"

"I don't wanna talk about it," I replied. I didn't want to think about it, for that matter. 

"I just feel a little down, right now, that's all."

Kelly sighed and offered a weak smile, looking down at her feet for a moment. 

"Well," she started. "Why don't we hang out tonight? Maybe have a sleepover? It's been a while..."

That probably wasn't the best idea but, I knew that Kelly wasn't going to let the idea drop. I could stand here arguing with her over it, or I could just give up, and agree to let her stay over. 

"Can we order pizza?" I asked, finally cracking a smile.

"There we go," Kelly laughed. "God, I hate when you're sad...you have the prettiest smile ever, did you know that?"

I blushed, stepping aside and motioning her inside.

"That's flattering," I laughed.

"I'm gonna go take a shower. Why don't you grab a couple of menus, and figure out where you want to call for the pizza...we'll order, when I come out." 

"Sounds great," Kelly said, starting towards the kitchen to grab a menu. 

I made my way slowly upstairs and to my room, to grab my towel, then heading for the bathroom. I stripped out of my clothes and turned on the hot water, stepping in and allowing it to soothe my body. I leaned my head back and started thinking about whether or not, this was really a good idea.

Kelly did not realize, the reason I had been so against having a sleepover lately, was because it was not easy to share the same bed with her anymore; not when I had these feelings, that I had for her. 

See, Kelly and I went way back.

We met in 6th grade and had been best friends, ever since. We had been through everything together; first boyfriends, first heartbreaks, first everything. We were pretty much inseparable, and honestly, it had caused some issues with previous boyfriends of hers. 

They always thought we were a little TOO close, and I think that some of them, may have even suspected that I was interested in Kelly, as more than a friend; and they would be correct to assume that. 

My feelings for my best friend started to take a turn about a year ago, and I just couldn't seem to get her mind off, ever since. Kelly had no idea, that I was in love with her. As far as she was concerned, we were just best friends. 

I could think of something much better.

I knew, however, that Kelly was definitely NOT interested in girls, the way that I was. That's why I had opted to just keep these feelings to myself, and try to play things out like nothing was wrong. The problem with hiding how you really feel, about almost any situation, is that eventually, it will catch up with you...and that's what had been happening, lately. 

I had gotten to a point, where I was finding it more and more difficult to be around Kelly, and just continue to be simple friends; I wanted so much more, then that.

Knowing that she probably would not return the feelings though, I didn't want to risk our friendship. If I came out to her and she DIDN'T sees me in that way, the last thing I needed, was for things to get awkward between the two of us. 

I finished up in the shower, dried off, put on a simple tank top and a pair of shorts, then made my way back downstairs. Kelly was sitting on the couch, with a menu for our favorite pizza place sitting on her lap. She was flicking through the channels on the TV, as I sat down beside her and grabbed the menu. 

"Figure out what you want, yet?"

"I'm thinking the usual," Kelly nodded. "One extra large, half pepperoni and half plain!"

"You're so easy," I laughed.

"Who are YOU calling easy?" Kelly gave me a playful shove, and I pushed her back, both of us giggling as I grabbed my phone and called in our order. 

After placing the order, we started watching TV while we waited for the food to arrive. There wasn't much of anything too good on but, we wanted to be downstairs, so we could hear the doorbell. By the time our food got there, we had settled on some cheesy 80s slasher film and decided to watch that, while we enjoyed the pizza. I loved watching horror movies, with Kelly, because it was her least favorite movie genre. 

Whenever she would get scared, she would practically jump right into my lap. It was actually really funny but, I also loved having her so close to me. She'd snuggle up to me, so close, that I could feel her soft skin against mine. I could smell the shampoo in her hair, and the cotton spray, she was wearing. 

I cannot express, how much of a struggle it was, not to lean in and kiss those soft lips of hers, right then and there.

I settled, however, for just wrapping one arm around her and pulling her closer to me. She laid her head on my shoulder, and I started playing with her hair, as we sat there watching the movie. I couldn't help but think to myself...this was how things could be if she actually did feel the same way about me. 

I closed my eyes, fantasizing as I frequently did, about me and Kelly holding hands and walking down the street together. We were not holding hands in a typical way, that two girls would usually do, as just friends; this was something deeper. We laughed, we giggled, as I spun her around and pulled her in for a deep, passionate kiss. 

"Hello? Earth to Amy!"

I opened my eyes, snapping back to reality and looking over at Kelly, who had moved her head away from my shoulder and was staring at me concerned. "You alright?"

"Huh? Y-Yeah, no, I just...spaced out, that's all."

"You've been doing that a lot lately," she sighed. "Seriously, Amy, what's going on in that head of yours?"

If she only knew...

"It's nothing," I lied, putting on that fake smile again.

"Hey, how did your date with Mike turn out?"

That was the last thing, I wanted to talk about right now...but, I needed something to draw her attention away from the current topic. Kelly smiled at the mention of Mike; she smiled, the way that I smile when I think about her. She'd been crushing on Mike for months now and had only recently worked up the courage to ask him out on a date, and he had said yes. 

"It went great," Kelly sighed. "He's such a gentleman. Opening doors and pulling out chairs for me, he even walked me to my front door when he dropped me off." 

"Sounds pretty cliché," I teased.

"Shut up," Kelly laughed. "Seriously, he's a great guy. We had a lot of fun that night, and I think things are going to turn out pretty good for us."

"I'm happy for you," I lied again.

"We're going out again tomorrow," Kelly smiled.

"Hey, do you wanna curl my hair for me?"

"So, THAT'S why you REALLY wanted to sleepover tonight...you just wanted me to do your hair, for your silly date tomorrow night!"

"Hey, that's not true!"

I laughed, standing up and holding out my hand to help her off the couch. "It probably is," I said. 

"But, I'll do it for you anyway."

"Of course you would, you can't resist it!"

"Well, that, and who else is gonna do it for you?"

We started up the stairs to my room, and Kelly sat down in my spinning computer chair, facing the mirror. I grabbed the curling iron, plugged it in and before long, I got to work on her hair.

As I worked at her hair, I listened to Kelly babble on and on about Mike and how hot he was. She talked about how she hadn't been on a date with anybody, that didn't push the idea of sex on the first night, in a long time. Of course, I knew that Mike was probably expecting Kelly to put out at some point...he struck me as the kind of guy, who would act like a gentleman, just to get in her panties. 

That's how most of the guys that Kelly had dated, always turned out to be. 

Total jerks.

Don't get me wrong, I might be gay...but, I'm not the kind of lesbian that hates all guys. I have plenty of male friends, and I love them...but, I recognize an asshole, when I see one, and Mike looked like an asshole, as far as I was concerned.

Pretending to listen to Kelly's rambling, I just kept nodding my head and smiling, as I continued to curl her hair. She always had such pretty, long locks of red hair. I could imagine myself pulling it back some, tucking a strand behind her ear and leaning in to kiss her on the neck. She would moan softly, as my hands moved down over her breasts and I gently nibbled at her earlobe. 

Stop it, Amy, I thought to myself...you're getting way too worked up.

I cleared my throat, straightening myself out as I finished up and set the curling iron down. "All done!"

Kelly checked herself out in the mirror, and smiled, as she spun around in the chair to face me. "You're amazing, you know that?"

"I try," I laughed.

"You know," Kelly continued. "I've been ranting about Mike this whole time, and probably talking way too much...if there's anything YOU want to talk about, I'm always here."

"I know..."

She looked at me with a bit of a frown. "Still don't wanna tell me, what's been bothering you?"

I thought about it, for a moment. 

Maybe it was best if I finally got this off my chest. It had been weighing down on me, for far too long now. What could it hurt, right? How did I REALLY know for certain, that Kelly would not be interested in me unless I tried to find out? 

"There is something bothering me," I started nervously.

"Well no shit," Kelly scoffed. "But...what is it?"

I hesitated, rethinking this decision, as I stepped back to sit on the edge of my bed. "I...I like somebody," I said.

"Seriously? Oh my god, who is it?"

I was still hesitating...

"Come on, Amy, you have to tell me! You never have boyfriends or anything like that, so this is like, huge news!"

I almost laughed at how excited she was, now that I had revealed half of my problem to her. The question was, would she still be this excited, once I told her it was her?

I chickened out, at that point.

"Never mind," I sighed.

"What? Wait, you can't do that! You told me you're interested in someone, and then you decide not to tell me who? That's not fair," she said, laughing a little.

"I know, I know, I'm sorry. I just...it doesn't even matter."

"Ugh, Amy...you're killing me!"

"It doesn't matter," I repeated. "They don't like me that way."

"Well, have you tried telling them how you feel?"

I just shook my head.

"Then, you don't know if they don't like you...unless you tell them that you like them, silly!"

"If only it were that simple..."

Kelly sighed, clearly frustrated with me now. She didn't understand just how bad, I wanted to be open and honest with her. "Okay, how about this," Kelly continued after a pause.

"Just tell me his name, and I'll talk to him for you...we can do it the way we use to do it, back in 8th grade, since you're so nervous. This guy must be really hot, to have you this bent out of shape."

"It's not a guy," I said quickly before I even realized the words had left my mouth. Kelly blinked, surprised as if she thought maybe she had misheard me. 

"What?" 

"It's...it's not a guy," I repeated.

"So...you're talking about a girl, then?"

I still did not intend on telling her WHO this girl was but, I owed her a little bit of the truth, with how hard she had been working to make me feel better. "Kel, I like girls."

There was a long pause, and we both just sat there staring at each other, before...she started laughing. I couldn't believe it but, I had just told my best friend I was gay, and she was laughing at me. "What's so fucking funny?" I asked, half angry and half amused myself.

"I'm sorry," Kelly said, trying to stop herself.

"I just...I don't know, I guess, I feel like it's something I should have figured out a 

long time ago. I mean, it makes sense, now that you told me about it."

"How does it make sense?"

"Because you've never been very good with boys! I mean, you've been on like, two dates in your whole life and they were both one-timers." 

"Rub it in, why don't you?"

Kelly smiled, moving from the computer chair, to sit next to me on the bed. "I'm happy you told me," she said.

"Now...tell me who the lucky GIRL is!"

"Forget about it," I chuckled, giving her a playful shove. Kelly shoved me back, and before I knew it, we were in one of our famous little wrestling matches, trying to pin each other down on the bed. 

We were laughing the whole time, and as I flipped her over onto her back and managed to pin her arms above her head, I found myself once again struggling not to kiss her.

There was a bit of tension between the two of us for a moment, and I found myself contemplating whether or not, I should actually go through with it. That brief moment was quickly lost when Kelly announced that she had to pee, and I started laughing again. I let her up and dropped down onto the bed, watching as she moved towards the bathroom. 

I had gotten myself all worked up, during our little wrestling match...that wasn't out of the ordinary for me, though.

On the bright side, it was nice to see that even after telling Kelly that I was a lesbian, we could still get playful with each other like that. It showed me that she really didn't have any problems with it like I had worried she might. There were no awkward feelings between the two of us, and we might just be able to go on as friends like nothing was wrong...if I could continue to keep the other part of my secret from her, that is. 

I heard the shower running in the bathroom, and suddenly, a burst of courage came over me...maybe it was just because I was so turned on but, I couldn't stop myself. I took a deep breath, stood up and made my way towards the bathroom. 

Slowly, I opened the door and stepped inside. I pulled off my shirt and slipped out of my shorts, before lightly tugging the shower curtain back and sliding into the shower with Kelly.

Obviously, she was surprised at first, as I climbed into the shower stall with her. 

"W-What are you-"

I interrupted her, by pressing my lips up against hers and pushing her back against the wall. She hesitated for a brief moment and I thought she'd try to push me away but, she caved quickly and started kissing me back.

I couldn't believe it...

My tongue slipped past her lips and began to dance with hers, as my hands moved up and down over her back. Our lips parted and Kelly moaned, as I buried my face in the crook of her neck, and started kissing and sucking, leaving my mark on her skin.

Hands roaming freely, we were exploring every single inch of each other's body. My fingers slipped between her legs and started rubbing, and as she moaned again, she moved her hand between my thighs and returned the favor.

Soon, we were kissing again, and moaning together, as I slipped two fingers into her wet pussy and started pumping them in and out. Kelly did the same, thrusting her fingers in and out of me for a few moments, before pulling out to start playing with my clit. 

As I moaned loudly, I reached up and found one of her breasts, gently fondling her and teasing her nipples. I leaned in and started teasing it with my tongue, swirling around it, tasting her flesh and started sucking on it.

"F-Fuck," I heard her gasp, as I sucked on her breasts, each one at a time. 

I wanted more, though. I kissed my way down over her stomach and gave her a pat on her right leg, motioning for her to prop it up on the side of the bathtub. 

She obeyed, lifting her leg and placing her foot on the side, allowing me better access to my destination. I leaned in close, breathing in her scent, and licking those sweet lips. I parted them some, revealing her hole and shoved my tongue between her folds.

"Oh god," she groaned. "Amy...that feels...so good..."

My tongue lashed across her pussy, licking and sucking at her clit, while I worked my fingers in and out of her hole again. Kelly was starting to get a lot louder, now, panting and moaning my name and her legs were shaking quite a bit. 

I knew she was getting ready to cum. 

I wanted to taste her. She already tasted so good, so sweet. I slipped a third finger into her wet cunt, and while groping her ass, I felt her twitch and begin to shutter. Kelly cried out in pleasure, grabbing the shower rod that held the curtain and struggling to keep from losing her balance as she shook. 

I kept licking and lapping up her juices, as she started to cum, splashing her fluids all over my face and the shower floor...she tasted so good.

"Fuck," I gasped, coming up for air after a moment. Kelly readjusted herself, putting her right leg back down and falling back against the shower wall. 

She was still breathing heavily, her face glistening with sweat, as I stood up and kissed her lips.

"You were so good," Kelly said, as our lips parted again.

"God, I've never had an orgasm like that before!"

I giggled, kissing her forehead and wrapping my arms around her...I had finally done it. I had finally, made a move on the girl that I had been in love with, for so long now. And, it had turned out perfectly!

We just stood there for a while, under the hot water, holding each other, our hands roaming and exploring. When we finally decided to get out of the shower, we dried off and laid down, side by side. I held Kelly close to me and played with her hair for a while, as she slowly drifted off to sleep. 

Before she passed out completely, I smiled to myself and whispered softly in her ear...

"I love you."

"You love who?"

My eyes fluttered open, and immediately, I sat straight up and gasped; Kelly was sitting next to me, fully dressed and wide awake. 

It had all been a dream.

"You okay?" She asked, looking worried. "You're all sweaty."

I was covered in sweat, actually. My hair was sticking to my forehead and my shirt clung to my breasts. I choked, clearing my throat and wiping my forehead, noticing how wet my panties were...my pussy was absolutely soaked! 

That was one hell of a good dream. "I'm okay," I replied, after a few seconds.

"Just, uh...I guess I fell asleep?" 

"Yeah, looks that way. You were having a crazy dream, from what I could tell...and since when do you talk in your sleep?"

Shit, I thought...I had no idea that I did anything like that.
