 Jessie needed a babysitter for a couple days and asked if we could watch her kids for her. Of course we agreed to watch them. It was early when she brought them by and Katie was still asleep. The kids were still sleepy so we put them on the couch with a blanket so they could watch cartoons. Jessie went to use the bathroom while I sat on the couch with the kids.

Our bedroom is by the bathroom and as Jessie came out she noticed our bedroom door open and peeked inside. She saw Katie asleep with the covers pulled back off of her. She was lying in a prone position with her left leg bent out. She was wearing a gown that was pulled up to her waist from tossing and turning throughout the night revealing that she was not wearing any underwear. Jessie could see her pussy was shaved and couldn't stop staring at it. She enters the bedroom to get a closer peek and can't seem to take her eyes off of Katie's pussy. She had never been with another woman so she couldn't understand her new found attraction to Katie's bald pussy.

Jessie moves closer to the bed and reaches her hand out toward Katie's pussy and lightly touches her clean, smooth pussy lips. She can feel the warmth emanating from between her legs and feels a tingle between her own. Jessie can feel a nervous tremble inside her gut not believing what she is doing. She rubs her fingers lightly around Katie's outer lips feeling the softness of her womanhood. She rubs her fingers up and down her pussy making small, circular motions around her clit. She can't believe how soft her pussy is and how horny she is getting.

Katie lets out a soft moan causing Jessie to stop, waiting for her to relax. She notices Katie's breathing getting deeper again and pulls her hand away. She takes her middle finger into her mouth and wets it with her saliva before placing it between Katie's pussy lips. Her finger slightly parts her lips gliding easily up and down her pussy now. She lightly rubs her finger over Katie's clit again making small circular motions. She notices Katie's hips start to move some and she can hear her soft moans.

She continues lightly massaging her clit as she feels her own pussy getting very moist. Her own breathing is getting heavier and faster and her pulse is racing. She slides her finger down to Katie's moist hole and gently inserts her finger inside her. She slowly moves her finger in and out feeling Katie's wetness increasing. Katie's hips start to move up and down in rhythm with her finger. She has no idea how she would explain what she was doing to Katie if she woke up yet she couldn't stop herself. 

Meanwhile, Josh had made the kids some breakfast and had them sitting down watching TV. He was wondering what was taking Jessie so long so he walked back toward the restroom where he found the door open and the bathroom empty. He then hears what sounds like a moan coming from the bedroom and takes a couple steps to the bedroom door. The door is barely open and he peeks inside not believing what he is seeing. Jessie is fingering his wife's pussy while she is asleep. He remains motionless as he watches Jessie sliding her finger in and out of her pussy. He can see Katie's hips moving and isn't sure if she is awake or if she thinks it's him finger fucking her. He continues to watch as Jessie pulls her finger out and sucks the juices from it before returning it back to Katie's pussy. Josh doesn't even notice but his cock is about to burst out of his shorts. 

Jessie leans over putting her face right above Katie's pussy and runs her tongue across her pussy lips. Katie responds by spreading her legs more and lifting her ass up to meet Jessie's tongue. Jessie slides her tongue up and down her slit. She flattens her tongue licking the soft outer folds of flesh like an ice cream cone. She laps at her pussy taking long strokes with her tongue. She points her tongue now licking the inside of Katie's pussy lips. She moves her tongue over her clit and lightly flicks her tongue across it and then circles her tongue around the outer edges of her clit. Katie has now lifted herself up into the doggy style position with her face buried in her pillow. She arches her back allowing more access to her pussy. Jessie licks at Katie's hole before sliding her tongue inside her pussy. 

Katie slides her hand underneath her and starts rubbing her clit. Jessie pulls back and rubs a couple fingers around her hole before inserting them inside. She starts to finger fuck her pussy faster and faster while Katie is rubbing her swollen clit. Katie pushes back onto Jessie's fingers, her breathing getting faster. She is getting very close to climaxing. Katie feels her body tensing up as she feels her orgasm coming on. Her pussy begins to contract as she lowers her hips back down to the bed. Jessie keeps her fingers inside her as she cums. She can feel her pussy tightening on her fingers before relaxing and repeating several times. As Katie's body begins to relax Jessie pulls her fingers out and licks the cum and juices from them. 

Josh moves away from the door and quietly but quickly walks back to the living room and sits on the couch trying to act like nothing happened. His breathing and heart rate still elevated. Just as soon as he sits down he hears Jessie coming toward the living room. She appears nervous and flushed and quickly kisses the kids bye and heads to her car and leaves for work. He hears Katie get up and the shower turn on. She gets ready for work and before she leaves she leans over to Josh and says thank you for my wake up this morning. Josh just smiles knowing that she had no idea that it was another woman that brought her to orgasm.