 Amy and Amber woke up in each others' arms. After their first-time incestuous lesbian rendezvous, they were feeling exhausted and very satisfied. Amy ran her hand gently over her 20-year-old sister's soft, warm body, feeling her chest rise and fall with every breath. 19-year-old Amy had been very fortunate to find that Amber, too, had been having dirty thoughts that morning, which led to the two girls letting out their sexual frustration on each other's needy young bodies. 

"How did you sleep?" Amber asked Amy. 

"Incredibly well," replied Amy, "Especially considering how satisfied I felt when I fell asleep." 

Both girls smiled and stared at the roof with sleepy eyes, feeling content in each others' warm embrace. 

"What's the time?" Amber asked. 

Amy rolled over to check the clock on the bedside. "Only 1.30pm!" She responded. "It feels like we've been asleep all day!" 

"Well that leaves us plenty of time before mum gets home..." Amber said.

Amy flashed Amber a wicked smile, nestled back into her pillow and began very lightly pinching her sister's big, soft nipples. They sleepily explored each others' hot little bodies, allowing their pussies to get nice and wet once again. 

Amber began placing soft, wet kisses all over Amy's neck and chest, sending shivers down Amy's spine and causing her to wriggle around in the sheets. In response, Amy leant her head down and took one of Amber's beautiful nipples into her wanting little mouth. She swirled her tongue around Amber's delicious nipple, saliva occasionally dripping out of her mouth and running down into Amber's hot cleavage. Amber was in a state of pure pleasure - her head pushed right back into her pillow, thrusting her chest up towards the ceiling, and feeling her little sister's tongue flicking repeatedly over her sensitive tits. Gentle moans escaped her mouth, and she whispered Amy's name repeatedly as she surrendered to the therapeutic and seductive feeling that her sister was bestowing upon her. 

Amy was feeling her sexual desires build within her while she was drooling all over her big sister's supple chest. She began grinding her hips against Amber, whilst she was sucking delicately on her nipple. She lifted up her leg, wrapped it around Amber and gently straddled her thigh, rubbing her now juicy pussy against Amber's soft, tanned skin. 

The feeling of Amy's tongue and pussy both covering Amber in wetness at the same time was divine. The juices coming from Amy's body were warm and sticky like hot honey, and Amber wanted to feel that gushing liquid against her skin all day. 

Both girls sacrificed themselves to the motion of their sticky bodies grinding against one another, continuing their shameless incestuous exploration for what could have been 5 hours or 5 minutes - both girls were lost in their sheer feelings of pleasure and indulgence. 

***

Meanwhile, Amy and Amber's mother, Mia, was driving - weaving through the suburban streets of Sydney. She was listening to Rihanna on the radio and singing along, whipping her hair back and forth and dancing as much as her small car would permit. Mia had the 2 girls when she was quite young, and was currently 37 years old, but was often told she had the body of a much younger woman. Mia was proud of her body, and proud of her youthfulness, and would unashamedly showcase this in the way she dressed, the way she held herself, and her taste in music and television. Mia was single, having been left when she was young by a man who was not ready to be a father. This didn't bother Mia too much now - she wanted to put all of her energies into loving her girls. Occasionally she would date, but none of the men she met seemed to fit her quite right. 

Mia had just come back from visiting her mother across town, and was supposed to stay for dinner, but decided to come home and watch some TV instead. Of course, she suspected she would have to fight one of her stubborn daughters for the remote if she wanted to lay down on the couch, watch a soap opera and relax for a while. 

She pulled up in the driveway of their double-storey home, grabbed her handbag and headed towards the house. She put the key in the lock and opened the door - she looked into the lounge to the left of the door to discover that the TV was off and there was nobody on the couch. 

'Thank god', she thought, as she threw down her handbag and went to the kitchen to find herself a movie snack. 

She pulled various containers and vegetables out of the fridge and started to prepare a sandwich, before noticing a note on the fridge that she must have missed when she left this morning

"Mum, 

Amber and I are going for a run this morning, so if we are gone when you leave, that's where we are. See you at 8 after you're home from Grandma's. We will feed ourselves. 

-Amy"

Mia smiled. The girls would often sleep until midday, so she suspected they had only left for their run a short time ago. Her girls were a little lazy, but she loved them dearly. 

She took her sandwich into the lounge and sat down on the couch. Considering nobody was home, she thought she would watch something she hadn't watched in a while. Mia had found that connecting the TV to the computer was one of the best things she had ever figured out how to do. Instead of searching for one of her favourite 90's TV shows, she typed 'masturbation porn' into her browser and selected the first link that came up in her search. As a single woman, Mia spent a lot of time at night touching herself. Her occasional guilty pleasure was watching videos of women masturbating and copying their actions. She dismissed this as an opportunity to learn more about how to pleasure herself, assuring herself that she wasn't watching it for the naked women. 

The video showed a young blonde in black lingerie sitting with her legs wide open on a chaise lounge. The girl was moaning and rubbing her hands all over her lace-clad body. 

Mia started removing her clothes until there was only her lingerie remaining. She sat down on the couch with her legs spread like the woman on the screen. She continued to rub, stroke and fondle herself like the video instructed. Piece by piece, she stimulated all of her different erogenous zones - she traced the outline of her nipples, tickled her clit through the fabric of her underwear, and squeezed her own firm ass. By this point, Mia was very aroused, ready to start bringing herself closer to orgasm. Her pussy had left a wet mark on the couch beneath her, and she could feel her clit throbbing. It was at this stage that she heard a squeal come from upstairs - it was Amber's voice. Mia immediately felt a rush of fear wash over her. She immediately ran upstairs, worried sick that her daughter was hurt or in trouble. She ran into Amber's room to discover Amy straddling Amber, her hands firmly holding her waist, and both girls completely naked and breathing heavily. Amber and Amy whipped their heads around to see their mother in just her lingerie standing in the doorway. Both girls scrambled about, grabbing at bedsheets to pull over their bodies. 

"Mum, what the fuck are you doing here?!" Amber shrieked. 

Mia was lost for words. She was confused and in total shock. 

Everyone was silent, staring at one another for a moment before Mia finally opened her mouth to speak. 

"I thought you were in trouble Amber. I heard you scream."

Amber was embarrassed. Again, the room fell silent. 

Mia walked into the room and sat down on the bed, staring at her girls. Everyone was red-faced. 

"Why are you in your underwear?" Amy said, eyeing her mother's slender, beautiful body. 

Mia had forgotten that she wasn't dressed. Knowing that it could not possibly be more awkward than what she had found her daughters doing, she admitted "I was downstairs watching porn. I didn't know you girls were home. I'm sorry you're seeing me like this. It's pretty embarrassing. All of this is pretty embarrassing."

The girls looked at each other and laughed a little, before Amy said "Yeah, embarrassing doesn't even begin to explain it..."

Everyone sat on the bed, gradually becoming less and less awkward about the situation. 

"You know, Mum," Amy began, "You don't need to be embarrassed. You have a beautiful body, so you shouldn't be ashamed to be seen in your underwear."

Mia smiled and stood up. "Thanks Honey." She said, "Now why don't we all get dressed and I'll make some lunch?"

Feeling less uncomfortable with every moment, Amber pitched in "Actually Mum, we weren't finished what we were doing..."

Mia looked at her daughters and realised that they were not ashamed of the pleasure they had shared. The two girls were pressed together in the bed. They were holding one another and Mia watched wide-eyed as Amber and Amy shared a slow, passionate kiss. 

It was as if this was all happening in slow motion - Mia could barely react to what she was seeing before her daughters started touching each others' naked bodies right before her eyes. Mia noticed that her pussy started getting hot and juicy once again, and instead of leaving the room, she sat back down on the bed and gazed at her two perfect daughters sharing a passionate embrace, pulling one another closer. 

"You girls clearly care about each other a lot." Mia said. 

"We really do," said Amy, breaking off her kiss with Amber, "And we think that exploring our sexuality has only brought us closer together as family."

Upon saying those words, Amy flashed her mother a sultry smile. 

Mia immediately became aware of what her daughter was insinuating. Without hesitation, Mia stood up, unclamped her bra and threw it to the floor to reveal full, perky tits with soft pink nipples. Her daughters watched greedily as their mother removed her lingerie. Mia then hooked her thumbs underneath the edges of her underwear and pulled them down to reveal a beautiful shaved pussy, her wetness glistening in the afternoon light. 

"I love both of you girls very much," Mia said "and I want us to all become closer as a family."

She knelt down on the bed with her two unbelievably sexy daughters, overcome with a desire to touch them, and be touched by them. 

"Girls, I want you to do to me what you have been doing to each other."

Amber and Amy smiled at one another, ready to involve their mother in their hot, lustrous pleasures. Amber pushed Mia onto her back, leant over her and whispered "Mummy, we're going to get you all wet."

These words drove Mia wild, and she could already feel her hot little cunt getting stickier. Amber climbed over her mother and positioned herself above her face. "Mummy, I want you to make me cum" she said, lowering her pussy onto her mother's face. Immediately, Mia began lapping at Amber's sticky little kitty, taking her swollen little clit into her needy mouth. She flattened her tongue, running it up and down the length of Amber's slippery slit, making her pussy juices run everywhere. Amber let out long moans, slowly grinding her cunt against Mia's face, feeling her body repeatedly jolt each time her mother's tongue came into contact with her hot little pearl. 

Amy was kneeling on the bed, watching her mother and sister enjoying each others' bodies, and touching her own little kitty while she appreciated the view. This beautiful sight was just too much, she could barely believe how turned on she had become - the sweet honey from her juicy pussy was dribbling all over the place, getting all over her sister's bed, covering her thighs and hands while she flicked her little clit with her soft, warm fingertips. 

Noticing her mother's legs spread wide and her beautiful, astonishingly wet cunt on display, Amy decided it was time to become a part of the action. She leant over her mother's body and said "Mummy, I think it's time I showed you how much I really love you" before lowering her head and placing her sweet young mouth onto her mother's steamy pussy. Mia immediately let out a loud shriek, with her mouth still pressed against Amber's nubile cunt. Mia's squeal sent vibrations through Amber's pussy, making her moan loudly in turn. 

Mia had not been touched sexually by anyone except herself since the father of her daughters, but he had never liked pleasuring her with his tongue. He used only his cock and his hands and frankly, it was always too rough, and he didn't seem to know what he was doing. Mia was feeling a hot, wet tongue against her pussy for the very first time, and was overwhelmed by the waves of pure pleasure it sent through her body. Amy drooled some saliva onto her mother's already dripping wet mound and buried her face into her pussy lips. She sucked gently on her mother's clit and groaned slightly while she was eating from her hot honey pot. Mia's legs twitched when her daughter groaned, the vibrations from those noises sending shivers through her body and bringing her gradually closer to the sweet release of orgasm. 

"Mummy, your honey tastes so nice and sweet," Amy groaned into her mother's clit, "I could just slurp your pussy all day."

Mia had never been this soaking wet before, and was totally lost in the movements of fucking her daughters that she could barely think. 

Amy could feel her own pussy nectar running down her legs and dripping onto the sheets. She was longing to feel a mind-shattering orgasm like she had felt with her lustful big sister earlier that morning. She could not take it any longer, and knelt up, leaving her mother's pussy desperate for more stimulation. 

"Mummy, I want us to cum together" Amy said, shifting forwards and straddling her mother, grinding their hot, drooling pussies together. Both Amy and Mia moaned loudly as their clits squished together, sending vibrations into Amber's cunt. Amy was riding her mother, grinding against her in long, slow motions that spread their juices all over each others' cunts and thighs. Every time their sticky little clits came into contact with one another, they jolted and let out little moans. At this point, there was hot, sweet pussy juice everywhere. All three women's cunts were absolutely gushing with warm honey, and they were all grinding away at each other with reckless abandon, Mia's tongue lapping at Amber's luscious pussy. 

Gradually, all of the women's movements became quicker and more intense, thrusting at one another harder, moaning louder and all becoming slipperier and sloppier as they went. 

Eventually, Amy could barely hold it in anymore, and started sliding her cunt against her mother's with much heavier movements. 

"Mummy," She said, "You're going to make me cum! I'm going to cum all over your pussy, Mummy!"

Hearing her hot little daughter say those words drove Mia insane, and she slapped her cunt wildly against Amy's. Both women slapped and rubbed harder and harder until they both burst into explosive orgasm, screaming and squirming - Mia's squeals and moans sending little shivers through Amber's swollen clit, sending her, too, into a fiercely passionate orgasm, gushing her sweet, sloppy nectar all over her mother's lips and tongue. 

The sweet wetness from all three women was everywhere, and they all fell back onto the bed after having exploded into juicy, slippery orgasm together. 

Laying on the bed, cuddled together and covered in hot pussy juice, the mother and 2 daughters all shared sloppy, passionate kisses, before falling into a deep sleep once again.