 I walked in the front door, kissed the kids and hugged Tye. He was watching the baseball game, which was in the 6th inning. Good. Plenty of time. 

"I'm gonna go change."

"Okay." He didn't even look up. 

I walked up the stairs into the bedroom and locked the door behind me. Inside, I tore my shirt and sports bra off in one motion using my feet to pull my shoes off. I slid my shorts and underwear down to my ankles as I stepped out of them, staying down to pull off my socks.

Finally naked, I collapsed on the bed face up and exhaled. I just stared at the ceiling and caught my breath to relax. My hand lightly circled my nipples a few times as my heart beat slowed, then they slid down my stomach and beyond as my knees fell all the way open. 

The smooth, tender skin just inside of my pussy was slick with wetness that had been steadily building the whole drive home. Wasting no time, my fingers went gently to my clit and started to stroke. I let out a relieved breath, finally feeling the touch I'd been wanting the entire drive home. It felt so good I thought I might finish very quickly, so I slowed myself to enjoy it longer. My hips were thrusting in pleasure and the orgasm was starting its very early build. I switched to wide, firm, whole-hand massage motions. The wetness began spreading all over my outer lips and inner thighs. This made me feel another surge of horniness and I went a little crazy on my clit, moving my hand back and forth very quickly. I tensed up and the overwhelming sensations that this caused. Forced to slow down again, I slipped a finger into myself, then another, and started stroking them deeper in and out as my palm provided a clitoral massage. With that I was fully settled down and enjoying myself, starting to moan lightly and let my head fall to its side. Then I heard Tye's voice on the stairs, coming up. 

I shot out of bed, snatched my clothes and unlocked the bedroom door before jumping to the master bathroom. Just as I quietly shut the bathroom door, I heard the bedroom door open. I tried to catch my breath and let the panic subside. My vagina was throbbing for attention that I couldn't give it at the moment. My hand was still down there, rubbing it with slow, deep motions while my other hand was still on the door knob. I was blinking my eyes and bending over at how good it felt. 

I slowly recaptured my composure and thought about what to do. The shower was available, of course, but I thought of something else. I splashed some water on my face, patted it dry, wiped myself all over with the damp towel, put my workout thong back on and walked back into the bedroom. 

"How was the workout?" Tye asked. 

"It was good. She's getting really fit now. Looking great."

I locked the bedroom door and turned to my husband. My chest tantalizing stuck out for him to admire, but he didn't see me. He was looking upward into his phone, lying on his back with his head in the exact place my wet crotch had just been. I walked over, grabbed his package and started squeezing it into firmness. He dropped his phone and watched me in silent awe, then his head went back as I undid his belt and pulled his pants and boxers off. 

His dick flung out, nearly ready for me. I kissed it a few times and gave it some oral attention to get it really hard. Then I stood and turned around, making sure Tye rose up to his elbows to watch. I slowly bent over in a very sexual pose, pulling my thong down slowly over my ass and revealing my very moist privates. 

"Damn," was all he could say. 

I returned and straddled him, lightly touching is rock hard cock with my supple cunt. I just stroked it a few times, getting myself used to it. My husband may not have a fit body, but he does have a nice thick 8" cock. It could be too much to handle when I wasn't really turned on. That was not the case right now, thanks to Brianna. I down his head slowly, taking my own breath away. It stretched me out in ways my fingers never could. Skipping the shower seemed like a good choice. As I slid further, the warm ridges and bumps from his popping veins pushed against the sides of my tunnel, making every motion pleasurable. 

"Oooohh, my god, Tye. You feel so good."

My core was tightening and relaxing, my hips rocking slowly as I put him back into me over and over again, each time pushing further down until I could feel his head at the back of my box. I wanted to go just a little further down. I pushed down hard.

Then there it was, his pubic bone pushing into my clit. Thank god. I readjusted myself a little, squeezing him playfully. Then, mindful of the massive unit that was filling every part of me, I started rocking gently again. My clit began to sing; I began to moan. 

It didn't take long from there. Soon I was gasping for breath as a mighty climax rushed through my body, surge after surge. I pushed even harder down on Tye's bone, trying to extend the moment. I didn't even care that his huge throbbing penis seemed to be far past my vagina. I just took it all in, as far as it could possibly go, somewhat wishing it was even more. I could feel it poking be deep inside, well beyond where it felt good, but I'd learned to enjoy the discomfort. It was part of the fuck. I liked how his dick felt like part of me, like it was always meant to be there, dominating me from inside.

Tye let me finish and collapse next to him, still stretched out. He sat up, grabbed my waist and pulled me to the edge of the bed. Looking up at him, I spread my thighs and lifted my heels to his shoulders. Then he took his cock and pushed it into me again. I closed my eyes to feel him being shoved into me over and over again. It was so deep, crashing hard into my lower gut, displacing whatever got in the way, forcing itself further.

He was reaching forward and grabbing my titties, moaning. His cock seemed to be directly behind my belly button, threatening to pop it out. It hurt, but once again in a way that I liked-if not physically, then psychologically. It felt to simply know I was getting fucked really hard. I heard my voice, speaking almost involuntarily: "Fuck me. Fuck me harder. Harder. Oh fuck. You're so big. Ah. Ah. Ah. Uh. Uh. Harder. Fuck me. Oh shit. Oh fuck. Oh fuck. Oh my god. Uh. Uh."

Then his hands gripped my hips like a vice, locking himself all the way in me. I could feel his head inflating with hot blood and bursting with hot cum deep, deep within me-I swear he was in my stomach. It hurt, but I reached my hands to his ass and pulled it hard toward me, trying get his cum as far up in me as possible. It kept flowing, spurt after spurt, until I'm sure he'd painted all my walls white. I was sure it would be leaking out later. When he finished, I held him in me for a moment. I felt his monster hard-on slowly softening into gentle giant. As we looked at each other, I let go of his ass and he backed out just slightly. I touched my asshole, not surprised to find it coated with slippery goo. I rubbed it and pushed some into my ass, then played with his balls until he pulled out all the way. 

He collapsed next to me we chatted. He said it was the best sex we'd ever had. I agreed. 

We ate dinner, put the kids to bed, watched a little TV before taking ourselves to bed. As he started to snore lightly, I still couldn't shake the feeling. Even with the incredible sex we'd had, it was sex with a man, with a hard penis. It was what was supposed to be. It had satisfied me physically, but it hadn't touched that naughtiness within me that could not stop thinking about Brianna, her soft curves and plush breasts, my privates pushed onto her thigh. Forbidden touch is what I wanted, not just pleasure. 

I began touching myself in various places, caressing my skin and imagining it was her touch; squeezing my breasts, but dreaming of her's. I was turning myself on again. I stopped, listening to Tye's breathing, checking the authenticity of his sleep, then I let myself go. I used my fingers all over my privates, in every way I knew, enjoying every self touch. The masturbation was good, but it wasn't going to take me all the way, so I stopped. 

I rolled over, licked my fingers clean and grabbed my phone, hiding it close to my chest under the blanket so the dim screen didn't project any light. 

"You up?" I texted Brianna. 

"Yeah. Watching Friends rerun."

"I can't stop thinking about our hug."

"Yeah, that was fun."

My eyebrow wrinkled. What did she mean by that? Had it been just another bit of playfulness? I was suddenly doubting that my naugthty feeling was a shared one. 

"You are such a beautiful woman Brianna, in every way. I love how close we've become!" 

"Thank you! You're so beautiful also, but in a way that I never knew until recently. I hope you know how highly I think of you. I love how close we've gotten."

That still didn't seem very naughty. I was beginning to feel foolish, but then a follow-up text came. 

"I'm so happy Patrick finally turned his back so we could get even closer!"

I breathed a sigh of relief. 

"Me too! ;) What do you think he would've said."

"I dunno. He'd probably act like he didn't see anything."

"Is he up?"

"Yeah. He's on the other couch on his phone."

I smiled and found a picture of myself that was hidden on my phone. It was a very revealing lingerie selfie that I'd sent to Tye once when he was away on business. I inserted it into the text and typed, "Well, I'm gonna go to sleep. Have a good night...with or without him. ;)" My finger hovered over the 'send' button for a long moment. I deleted the photo and sent the text. I added the photo back onto another text, but chickened out again. 

Brianna replied. 

"I'm about to start my good night, right here under this blanket!" The two emoticons let me know what she meant. 

I smiled big and sent the picture. "Maybe this will help."

"Oh damn! Helpful lol, that's an understatement." 

With that reply, I feel asleep happier than I'd been in a long time.