 Brianna and Patrick's bed was very comfortable. Her and I just laid for a long time talking and cruising social media on our phones. Somewhat unsurprisingly (considering the mood I was in), I found myself swiping through handmade lingerie on Etsy. Looking at each piece, I wondered if Brianna would enjoy wearing it and showed her a few to get her opinion. It was fun and I secretly hoped it would get her in a sexy mood. We were very flirty and touchy with each other. Finally, we put our phones down, maybe feeling sleepy or maybe only acting that way.

In the dark, I laid on my side looking at the silhouetted curve of her hip pushing the comforter up. I caressed my own hip, which was creating a gentle rise of its own, and appreciated the symmetry Brianna and I created. It was that sort of deep, wine-influenced appreciation. All was quiet and I was sure she was falling asleep. I rolled onto my back and let my hand slip into my pajama pants. I was not wearing panties, as was my norm.

I had just starting to relax and gently caress my kitty when Brianna moved. She twisted and ended up next to me with her hand stretched over my tummy wrapping around my waist. I wondered if she'd noticed me quickly pulling my hand back to my side.

A few seconds later, she let out a long breath and a nearly inaudible whimper. I felt her leg moving slowly up and down against my leg. I felt her head push toward my ear as her hand tugged ever so gently at my waist. 

"Mmm... I want you." It was a desperately sensual whisper. I could sense her smiling in the dark. 

"Patrick?" I had to ask.

"It's fine." I felt her hips push forward onto my thigh. "Just come on."

That was all I needed to hear. 

I turned toward her, so we were face to face on our sides and my leg slid between hers. My hand went up her arm and over her shoulder to her back. With a touch between our lips, her mouth opened and her tongue pushed smoothly forward. We kissed deeply, our tongues intertwining, my lips gliding with hers and pushing intermittently against them. 

We paused for a moment in disbelief and simply laughed together, then started again.

I felt her hand pulling me at the small of my back, but then it relaxed and slid down under my pajamas and grabbed my ass. As she squeezed and massaged it, I took my lips to her neck and began sucking. She was breathing hard and moving her hips forward. Then I felt the thin cotton fabric of my pajamas getting pulled down over my butt.

I pushed her back to lie down as I rolled on top of her. We paused, trying to see each other in the dark. I slid down her body, pulling her pajamas and panties off. She sat up and pulled her shirt off, then fell back into the pillow as I returned, finding the comfortable groove that came from her opened legs. 

I was about to kiss her again, but she stopped me. 

"Wait, I want to see you."

"Okay."

"I want to see you get naked."

"Okay."

We kissed briefly, then I got out of the bed. With the light switched on, I turned back toward her. She was up on her elbow, her head supported by her hand. Her breasts hung perfectly to the side, free and happy. The curve of her hip, which had first drawn me in so many months ago, was on full display. With her left knee pulled back slightly, I could just see her trimmed slit peaking out from between her thighs. 

She looked sexy as hell, the perfect balance of curvy and fit. A pang of desire rushed through me. 

I smiled and began removing my clothes, first my shirt then my pajama pants. I moved slowly, methodically. Once naked, I posed for her and smiled, happy to see her face gush with approval. 

"You're the most beautiful, Shara, everyone says so." Now completely bare, just like her, I returned the groove between her legs, allowing myself a silent moment to indulge on the sensation of skin against smooth skin. 

"Do you know how long I've wanted to see you naked?" she asked, "Oh my god. You're so hot."

"I'm not the only one. You're fucking sexy too."

We started making out again. The nipples of my hanging breasts kept rubbing softly against hers. It felt good for them to touch smooth skin as opposed to a hairy chest. I found myself moving back and forth, trying to intentionally create more of those unintentional touches. 

I went back to her neck with my lips, then down her chest to her plush breasts. I paused and admired them. My kisses fell in circles upon the left one, spiraling upward toward its hardened nipple summit. Once reaching the precipice, I took it into my lips for a little bitty suck. Then I wrapped my whole mouth around it, pulling her nipple to the back of my mouth and using the back of my tongue to massage it. She moaned quietly. I rose off it, circled it again with kisses and began flicking it with my tongue. She moaned a little longer. I traveled further down her body. 

My vagina was going crazy for attention. My lower abs flexing in a semi-humping pattern. I could feel juices building up inside my tunnel, beginning to wet the entryway. I was only concerned with giving Brianna an incredible experience, but I couldn't help but spare one of my hands on myself, just to rub a little bit and spread my moisture. 

Then I was there, between her legs, admiring her, caressing it gently with my thumb, pulling the lips open to touch their inner lining. She was very wet, like me. I bent down to lick her, keeping my eyes up to watch her reaction. As my tongue touched her, I felt her tense and her chin rose in synch with her arching back. Then she relaxed and let out a long, somewhat surprised "ooohh" as my tongue stroked upward. 

She tasted clean, with a subtle saltiness and tartness. The inside of her lips was very smooth and I enjoyed wiggling my tongue between the various folds of skin. Every time I got near the top of her slit, near her clitoris, she would push it toward me earnestly. I let her cravings go unmet, sustaining the moment, giving the itch a chance to build even more.

I positioned myself to better provide her pleasure, sliding my arms under each of her thighs and rubbing my hands along her side from her hips to tits. Finally I gave her clit my attention, pushing my tongue through all of the folds and searching for it buried behind them. I found it and pushed my tongue hard against it, to her delight. I began flicking it every which way as her hips twisted and pushed, dancing with the song of her moans. My face was the only still thing, holding my flicking tongue in the perfect spot for her. 

I could feel her getting wetter, so I brought my hand to beneath my chin and inserted two fingers into her, relaxing my tongue to give her a break. I pushed my fingers in and out, alternating between rubbing her g-spot and doing circles to stretch her out. 

"I'm gonna squirt."

I had no idea what that meant. I had swallowed Tye before, but of course hadn't expected anything like that with Brianna.

"Is it ok?"

Whatever it meant, I wasn't going to say no. 

"Tell me what to do," I said. 

"Lick my clit some more and fuck me hard."

I went back flicking her clit, this time jamming my fingers into her g-spot. Her hand was on my head. She started moaning louder, then pushed my face off of her, keeping her hand on my head. 

"Faster. Faster."

My palm was a blur, my fingers shooting in and out of her. She pulled my head back toward the action. Again, I was compelled to simply go along with it, not wanting to ruin the moment.

My hand slowed down as my face got closer, transitioning into small, forceful rubs on her g-spot as I resumed working with my tongue. With this combination, she was getting very close. I committed to not changing anything. Her was hand at the back of my head, pressing my face stiffly against her wide-open pussy. Her hips were thrusting uncontrollably and I thought her moans might wake the kids in the other room.

Then it happened.

She froze, she half-screamed several oh's, everything that I could feel opened even more. I felt fluid on my bottom lip and lowered my mouth. It wasn't a gush or squirt, just a lot wetter, so wet that my mouth was quickly flooded as her orgasmic contractions went on. I went into action pulling the fluid off her pussy, swallowing to make room for more. She was very loud and clearly overwhelmed with pleasure. Then she finished, I thought. She slowed down, relaxed, said she had more and started humping my face again and pushing herself onto my fingers.

It was crazy. The squirting and swallowing thing had really thrown me off. It was good that I was half drunk. Otherwise, it would have been too uncomfortable. I'd never imagined this side of her. It must be a result of all of the crazy stuff Patrick had done with her. She'd said she wanted something slow and soft, yet here she was reverting to a wild freak side that I had no idea even existed. Yet, I loved it. As surprising and raunchy as it was, I was enthralled by it. The pit of my stomach was all flutters at the wanton behavior we were delighting in.

Her wet flood came twice more, a little less each time. I took in every drop dutifully. It was easier than the first one. Finally she let me out of her grip. I wiped my face on the blanket and cozied up to her side.

"Oh my god. You were amazing. Oh my god."

She was trying to catch her breath.

"Good?"

"Oh my god."

We lay quietly for a while as she basked in the after feelings, gently massaging herself. Finally she rolled toward me.

"Do you want to know how it feels?"

"Yes."

Easiest question ever.