 It felt less like getting fucked and more like getting lost.

With my legs comfortably open and Brianna's thigh comfortably pressed between them, I closed my eyes. Her face was still in next to mine and I felt her kissing my neck. I let my hands roam freely upon her body, up and down her hips, up and down her back. Everything was smooth and plush, different than a man, easier to enjoy. My fingers ran through her long straight hair several times as she worked her way over my collar bone toward my chest. She knew instinctively exactly how I liked to be kissed.

She was taking the same route that I'd taken on her. As her lips made it to my nipple, my abs tightened in pleasure. I could feel her hand on my stomach and, upon feeling my muscles flex, she lifted her head saying, "so sexy," then went back to take my entire tit into her mouth. I could feel it getting pushed and twisted by her tongue as she worked it over. With that arousing ticklish feeling, I began breathing heavier and feel myself opening more, blooming slowly beneath her thigh. I grabbed the back of her leg, pulling it harder into my crotch to rub my clit directly against it. It felt so good that I could have just kept doing that and orgasmed in no time, but after about twenty seconds she stopped me to keep going down. I spread my legs all the way to allow her to get between.

My eyes opened to gaze down my body: breasts, tummy, navel, the gentle slope of my mound, my best friend's face about to eat me out, further back was the sexy curve of her ass rising into the air.

Her eyes smiled at me as I felt the first tender lick stroking upward. It was like being drugged. I kept looking into her eyes for a few more strokes before my own eyes rolled back and my head fell into the pillow. My whole body relaxed, ready to be taken.

My mind was layered with sensations. Somewhere in the distant background, I felt the soft sheet beneath the small of my back rubbing back and forth as my hips moved. A bit closer than that, I could feel the gentle caress of breasts swaying against my inner thighs. My own breast was being massaged; I realized it was my hand massaging it. I pulled it to my lips to moisten my fingers and went back to stroke my nipple. Of course, all of this was upstaged by the random pattern of movements that was scrambling my clitoris in every direction. It seemed like Brianna's tongue was in every hidden seam all at once. Somewhere beneath this torrent of activity, I felt two fingers slide into me and press into my inner button. I groaned loudly. The sensations that the fingers had just started were upstaging the torrent. I felt one final pulsating suck as she pulled my clit into her mouth, then she left it alone. That was perfectly fine with me. I was captivated by the methodical twiddling of her two fingers inside me. They were sending shock-waves through my entire midsection.

"You're getting really wet, does it feel good."

I could barely speak. "So good."

"I'm gonna keep going and you're going to feel something like a little pee, but it's not. Just let it go. Okay?"

I'd felt the sensation she was talking about a few times before, but I'd always just ignored it and held myself. "Just let it go?"

"Yeah."

"Okay."

I would've said okay to anything at that point, with her massaging my g-spot like she was. She could have asked me to flash the pope and I would've. I just didn't want her to stop.

She slowly eased off the massage, slowly to a simple in-and-out motion and licking my clit. With every stroke, push, twist, and swipe, I could feel my wetness increasing. A drip tickled my asshole.

Mentally, I was in some other place, some place with no gravity and no end. Swirls of colored sensation floated around me like nebulae layered atop each other, slowly condensing and brightening. But they were not light-I could feel them feathering and massaging my mind into an indescribable state of pleasure. I was sure it was all leading slowly to something. I squirmed and moaned in sync with the enclosing ghosts of rapture, coming to take me. Oh, how I wanted them to come into me; soak deep into me. I would no longer be just me and instead be wholly them so they could bring me to that supernova ending that would surely be so intense that it would possess my physical body, exile my mind and shatter my whole nervous system. Oooh, I so needed those clouds of sensation to paralyze me with orgasm.

I was close to the brink, but not so close that it was frustrating. Brianna was keeping me in that zone that just felt really good. I didn't want it to ever stop. It was like she'd found the string that all of the other strings were connected to and she was gently tugging at it. I was really wet, saturated, literally dripping wet. The drizzle tickling my butt was now a smooth stream.

"Do you feel it?" she asked, still keeping my on the edge.

I reached out with my senses and felt it, exactly like she said, like I had a little pee ready to come out.

"Yeah, a little."

"Okay, just let it go when you're about to cum."

I felt the scintillating touch of her tongue on my clit once more, as her fingers started jamming into me a lot harder than before. I felt amazing. I could hear my voice grunting with pleasure. It was the feeling I'd been craving this whole time but not known it. I could tell now that she was ready to take me over the edge.

As the orgasm got closer, I made myself keep everything relaxed, just as she'd told me, resisting the urge to tense any muscles. I could feel my juices steadily leaking out. Oh my god, it felt good. As the orgasm finally arrived, rocking every cell in my body, I let everything go, feeling utterly open as I convulsed. I could feel the fluid gushing out like a spring. Oh my God, I was cumming so hard. My body was screaming with pleasure, my voice moaning at full volume. I didn't give a fuck about the wet sheets or waking the kids. I didn't have any control of myself, so even if I did give a fuck, I couldn't have stopped. I kept shouting very loudly: "Fuck me," and "Oh my god," and "Oh fuck." Those words kept coming as I kept cumming. I was on some kind of orgasm loop. My body was possessed, just as I had wanted. Sensations ripped through every nerve causing convulsions of pure ecstasy. It lasted a long time, with a few more bouts of fluid coming out. Then finally, those colored ghosts left, giving my body back to me.

I opened my eyes and looked down to see Brianna's smiling face coming up and kissing below my ear. It was a sweet touch, but I twisted my head to meet her mouth with mine. I wanted to taste myself on her lips. We talked a little, though I can't remember what was said. Then we fell asleep still in each other's arms. My dreams were happily tainted with all kinds of naughtiness.