 This? Was not what I expected to have happen. When I told her I liked it slow. I meant it. There's something about the build up that gets me going. I think a lot of people like that. But this? Is not what I expected to have happen.

"Please." I gasped, my throat rasping.

"Please what Gwen?" 

My breath shallow, I licked my cracked lips.

"Please. Faster. Harder. You're driving me mad." I could hear my voice breaking and feel her lips smile against my thigh.

"Now now." She chastised. "You told me you like it slow. You said that to me, didn't you?"

Gritting my teeth, I felt sweat drip down my forehead and catch on the bandana blinding me. This time when she licked me, I couldn't help letting some noise escape.

"Mmm. I love that sound" She said, lips grazing lips. "It's like a whimper and moan all wrapped into one." 

Another long lick.

"Maybe its hearing it out to those lips that makes it so damn sexy." 

All of the sudden there was a finger inside of me. My body was rolling upwards against the restraints and I was gasping.

"Those same lips." She said, kissing that weak spot on my hips "that tried to tell ME how to fuck you an hour and a half ago."

My hips still rolling, my thoughts wandered to strangling her with my legs until her tongue softly touched my clit again. The sound that I made was the essence of desperation. Her hair brushed against me as I felt her body shift upwards, her finger slowly pulling out of me. Tracing my wetness up my stomach, she put her finger next to my mouth.

"Tongue out." She demanded softly into my ear.

Trembling, I obeyed, sticking my tongue out, waiting in my personal darkness for what I knew was coming. As her finger hit my tongue, her lips were against my ear.

"Do you taste how wet you are? Baby." She breathed. I shivered as her tongue found that spot behind my ear that makes my legs turn to jell-o. My lips closed automatically around her finger, sucking and licking as she continued to whisper to me.

"Baby. This body? Knows me." She said, running her hand over my shoulder and down to my body, touching anywhere but where I needed it. 

"You don't tell me what to do with this body." She whispered, nipping my earlobe as she circled my nipple with the finger I just sucked on.

"And if you do it again? You'll be fucking yourself next time" She says, plunging three fingers deep inside me.

"Fuck!" I screamed, sensitive after so long with gentle touches.

"No no no. You're going to be quiet. You hear me baby? You don't get to make noises." She said, slowing her rhythm down just enough for me to panic. I bit my lip as hard as I could and tried to quiet my breathing.

"That's right." She breathed, speeding back up. I could hear how wet I was, and I could feel her wetness on my leg. She was getting off on this. Her breathing ragged, she plunged into me even faster until I couldn't hold it in anymore.

I came in silent waves, my body moving without my will or knowledge. Mouth open, I gasped for air silently as I dug my fingernails into her back and rode out the rest of one of the best orgasms of my life. She tried to touch me again and it was so painful I almost cried.

"A little raw are we?" She asked. Removing the blindfold, she made me look at her.

"What did we learn today?" 

Panting, all the anger from earlier rushed back. I wanted to smack her. But my hips were still rolling and I knew I would have to say it.

"Well?" She questioned.

"I learned that my body is yours." I mumbled.

"And?" She egged on, her lips against my ear again. She was slowly moving her hips against my leg, and I realized she hadn't came yet. Grinning, I said the rest in my best submissive voice.

"I learned that my body is yours, and that you are in control. I learned that I have to listen to you, and that you know best. I learned that I belong to you." 

With the last words, I tongued her earlobe; a favorite that I knew would push her over the edge and moved my hips so that my leg was directly rubbing her swollen clit. Head thrown back, she increased her pace and started to tremble. As soon as it felt it coming, I pulled back on her hair and she gasped at the ceiling. She came in grunts, my leg wet and shaking under the force of her grinding. She collapsed on me, and we both panted until she lifted her head and kissed my lips.

"Good girl" She whispered.