 I

Erin and Jenna have been best friends forever. They had met the first day of school, on the bus, on the way to school. Ever since that first meeting, they were inseparable. While Erin had become an actress, Jenna worked behind the scenes in tech and lights. Every show either one had been in, the other also had worked on in some way. They were both in the school band together, the same math class, and sat together at lunch. Erin's family was Jenna's, and Jenna's was Erin's. Every Friday night, Jenna came over to Erin's house for pizza, a movie, and a sleepover. 

After an excruciatingly long week of rehearsals and cramming for final exams, Friday night rolls around, and the doorbell rings. It is Jenna, of course. 

"Coming, coming!" Erin yells. She runs down the stairs and rushes to the door to open it. "Hey there, stranger."

"Howdy."

She points to the objects in Jenna's hand. "What's that you got there?"

"Oh, these are just some movies I thought we might like to watch. I brought some CDs, too, that I have wanted you to listen to. And, of course, I brought popcorn!"

"Most excellent. Do come in, doll." Jenna eases in the door, and Erin shuts it behind her. 

"So, did the pizza come yet?"

"Twenty minutes ago. You're late. Again."

"I'm always late. What else is new?" Jenna smirks. "Hey, where are your parents?"

"Oh, they went out of town. Didn't you get my message? My third cousin's wife's sister died, or something, and they rushed out to the funeral. Apparently my parents knew her really well. I still don't know who she is or how we are exactly related. But, anyway, yeah...we have the whole house to ourselves. I toyed with the idea of throwing a party, but decided against it. I don't really feel like seeing anyone tonight, except for you, of course."

"How sweet." She smiles again. "Well, sorry to hear about your...um...relative. When are your parents getting back?"

"In a few days or something. They have trusted me, and you, with the house for the weekend. They said if you want, you could stay the whole weekend."

"Great. Well, I don't have any plans or anything, so let's plan on it."

"Alright, wonderful. Here, let's get your stuff upstairs and get some food."

Erin grabs a duffle bag from Jenna and hauls it up the stairs. When all of Jenna's things have been put down, they run back down to the kitchen to eat the pizza. Jenna takes the seat across from Erin. They each get a slice and began to eat. There is silence for a few moments, as they eat their pizza.

"So," Erin says, "What do you want to do tonight?"

"The usual, I suppose. Watch movies, eat popcorn. Same as always."

"Sounds like a plan. Though, we should try something else, sometime. Spice things up a bit."

"I love tradition, I guess. I'm satisfied with this."

"Eh. So am I, I just wanted to try something else."

"Well, what do you want to try?"

"I dunno. Let's go rummage around my house and try to find adventure!"

"I hate to sound cynical or anything, but I do not believe we will find much adventure in this house."

"Oh, you never know until you look! Excitement could be right around the corner!"

"Well, I guess that sounds alright."

The girls quickly finish up their pizza, and Erin walks up to the stairs, with Jenna close behind her. "We can try to look upstairs for stuff, I guess. I really don't know what all is down here."

"Okay." 

They head up the stairs. First they look through Erin's bedroom and find nothing they hadn't seen before, except for a load of laundry begging to be washed. Next, they check the study, the library, and even the bathroom. Nothing. They last approach Erin's parents' bedroom. 

Erin smirks. "Do we dare go in?"

"I don't know. I mean, I know your parents pretty well, and this feels like an invasion of privacy."

"Yeah, but you know, parents invade teens' rooms all the time. Besides, we're not snooping; we're merely looking for some sort of entertainment, that's all."

"Well, maybe you go look and I'll stay out here."

"Oh, come on. We've been in there before. Let's quickly look, and then we can leave if you feel uncomfortable."

"I guess that sounds fine."

"Trust me." Erin grabs Jenna's hand firmly. "Everything will be just fine, darling."

Erin pushes the door to her parent's bedroom open. She reaches over and turns on the light. The room is fairly empty and very neat looking. At the center of the room is a king-sized bed, all made up with pillows stacked high. On the far side of the room is a large dresser and television. 

"Gee, hon, this looks awful exciting."

"Oh shut up. We have not even begun looking yet." She searches the room with her eyes for some sort of clue to where there might be hidden treasure. "You know, I cannot help but have this feeling of wanting to jump on the bed. Be bad. They're gone and I just want to act stupid."

"Erin, that's stupid as hell."

"Oh shit, we're still kids. Come on. I'll race you to the bed."

"No. I refuse."

"Fine...here I go!" Erin runs to the bed, does a flip onto the bed, and rolls over in a somersault. "See, see how fun it is." She steps up so that she is standing on the bed and starts to jump up and down. "Haha, I only got four hours of sleep last night! Isn't that incredible? And look how hyper I am!"

"Erin, you look ridiculous. Get down."

"No, you come up here. Come on. I know that you want to. You're just too shy and far too sophisticated to partake in this immaturity."

"You're right. I am not going to jump on your parents' bed."

"Suit yourself." Erin continues to jump up and down. Her small breasts bounce up and down as she moves up and down. She is dressed in her pajamas already: light pink pajama bottoms and a matching pink tank top, with no bra underneath. It is a bit frigid in the house, and her nipples are very visible through the thin fabric. "Oh, how fun this is! I wish you would join me!"

"Never."

Erin jumps off the bed and grabs Jenna and twirls her around. "Dance with me, my lady! Oh dance with me! Let us dance!"

"What the fuck is up with you? You're acting so queer. Jesus. Did something happen? Or are you just dealing with death this way?"

"Are you kidding? I am just on top of the world!" 'After getting her pussy licked on a desk, who wouldn't be on the top of the world?' she thinks to herself. "You need to lighten up, let loose. Hey, I know final exams and the show coming up is really making things stressful, but all the more reason to snap out of this and do something crazy. Be 'crazy,' as you say I am. Come on."

"Well, I guess maybe I could loosen up a tiny bit," Jenna concedes. 

II

'I could loosen you up a little bit,' Erin thinks. Jenna is the polar opposite of Erin. She is very tall, close to six feet, with long golden hair and bright blue eyes. Her figure is very curvy, with rather large breasts and a round behind. While Erin has dated Josh for two years, Jenna has not dated anyone. In fact, Jenna has never dated anyone in her life. Though she is incredibly attractive, she tends to be very reserved and not very social. When they go to dances, Jenna, Josh, and Erin tend to go as a threesome. As a result of her dating Josh, her and Jenna's relationship has been a little strained and certainly is not as strong as it once was. Still, they meet every Friday night for a girl's night out.

After her escapades with Ms. Rivera, Erin feels differently about everything, mainly Josh. Josh has been a wonderful boyfriend to her, but just looking at Veronica did more for Erin than anything sexual she had ever participated in with Josh. Moreover, this experience allowed her to look freely at other people and critically at other relationships in her life. For instance, Jenna. No one could look at Jenna and not see that she was probably the prettiest young woman she would ever meet. Jenna was hot. Jenna is hot. Erin deliberates about this newly admitted thought of her friend for a few minutes as they dance around. Her friend is beautiful, and Erin, for the first time, is horny and incredibly full of desire. 

The question really is, does Jenna have bisexual tendencies? Could she like girls? Perhaps she did not date anyone because she really loved women. That was a thought. Erin does not want to do anything, though, that could ruin their relationship. On one hand, they had a beautiful, intimate friendship that she would not sacrifice for anything in the world. Yet, Jenna is so beautiful and delicious looking...and, Erin has to admit, making her a bit turned-on. 

Finding out if she had these tendencies could be a bit tricky and problematic. First of all, once Erin reaches a particular point, it is, in fact, a point of no return. She cannot take back what she says or does to Jenna. Does she want to go through with this? Isn't a friendship enough for her? Wasn't getting eaten out seven hours ago enough for her?

As they continue to spin in a circle, Jenna laughing and shouting at Erin, Erin looks at her beautiful body and decides she must try. The worst that can happen, she rationalizes, is that Jenna could decline her offer. No hard feelings. They had talked about gays before, and both of them were big advocates of gay rights. Jenna was not homophobic, by any means. Oh, to kiss her lips and make her feel so soft. Soft. As Veronica had made her feel soft. 

Men could kiss women, and Erin had to admit, Josh was pretty good at it. But only when women kiss other women do they truly know what they desire, and where they want it, what they feel when they touch. Men guess. Women know how to be so soft...Veronica knew how to be so soft and touch Erin at just the right times. 

Oh, Erin cannot wait to go back and see about her next assignment. Though, for now, her quest is simple: seduce Jenna. To do this, she is willing to consult anything and everything and stoop to whatever she needs to in order to get what she desires. 

"Stop a second. Stop." Erin stops spinning with Jenna.

"What? Why stop? We were just getting started."

"Oh, I know. But I just had a thought."

"Another thought? You are full of those tonight."

"My parents aren't home, you know. And remember what a liquor cabinet they have downstairs?"

"Yes...I do recall..."

"What do you think if we just take a taste? Come on. They will never even notice that any of the liquor is gone. No harm done. We won't be excessive or anything. Just a taste."

"Hey, you don't have to rationalize. I'm up for it."

Erin is taken aback by her friend's newfound audacity. "Serious?"

"Totally. Let's go for it."

Both girls giggle, and arm in arm, head down to the kitchen again. Erin opens the cabinet and finds stacks of alcohol bottles. "Well, hon, take your pick."

"Gosh, do I really have to choose?"

"Just close your eyes and point. Whatever you pick, I'll pour into a glass."

Jenna closes her eyes and reaches out to touch a bottle. "There."

"Let's see what you got." Erin pulls the bottle out and reads the label. "White Zinfandel."

"I see."

"Well, let me grab two glasses, and we can get this party started." Erin walks over to the china cabinet and selects two of her finest glasses. They are crystal with a gold rim, very tall and thin with long stems. "Here you go, my lady." Erin uncorks the wine bottle. "Let me pour some for you." The liquid fills the glass and bubbles over the top. She does the same for her glass. 

Jenna lifts her glass. "Cheers?"

"Salute!" Erin clinks her glass with Jenna's. "Bottoms up." Both girls chug the liquid from the glasses. Erin is about to gag, because she forgot that she despises the taste of alcohol. Though, she does not want to look stupid or immature, so she continues to guzzle it. Jenna is already finished with her glass. "May I interest you in another glass, love?" Erin asks. 

"Why, that would be delightful. Hey, this shit's pretty good. What did you say it was?"

"White Zinfandel."

"Oh, it is very good indeed. I might have a few glasses before the night is over!"

"Do you drink alcohol often?"

"Oh no, no. This is the first time I have ever had it, believe it or not. Well, I have always been curious to try it, but this is the night that I finally got the courage to do so. There are a lot of things that I would like to try, but I haven't the courage. You know the feeling?"

"I understand exactly." Erin takes Jenna's hand in hers and holds it tight. In the light, against her black top, Jenna's hair sparkles and makes her appear goddess-like. Her eyes are intense, and completely focused on her friend. "That is something I wanted to talk about, actually."

III

"Talk about what?" She looks questioningly and takes another sip of her wine. "Hey, mind if I pour myself another glass?"

"Not at all. But before you do, let's just talk about a few things."

"Sure, talk. I'm listening." Jenna reaches over the island and grabs the bottle, pouring so the liquid flows over the glass and makes a puddle underneath. 

"Well, you just brought up wanting to try things and not having the courage."

"Right?" she questions, as she dabs the liquid up with a cloth.

"So, I have had some thoughts about that."

"Care to share?"

"Yes. This is what I wanted to talk about. Jenna, dearest, you're so reserved sometimes...I know that you want to try things, but you are just too shy."

"Erin, you've known me for...ever. When haven't I been shy?"

"Well, isn't it time you got over it? Took a chance? Seized an opportunity?"

"Maybe..."

"You're 18. Come on. Do something daring. Tell me...what is something daring that you have always wanted to do, but have not had the courage?"

"Hmmmm. I've always wanted to streak."

"And why don't you?"

"STREAK! Are you for real? Oh my god...first of all, I would never ever do that. Like, no. I mean, I don't do things like that. And, also, my goodness, I don't have the body."

"Don't have the body?"

"I don't have your physique."

"No, you're not shapeless...you've got a nice body, though, hon."

"You are just saying that. You have to say that. It's an automatic best-friend response. Friend says, 'I look fat,' other friend says 'You look great, dear!' I know it is bullshit."

"How warped is your mind? You're gorgeous...I wish I had your height, your hair, your curves...I am completely serious." Erin squeezes Jenna's hand. "I am not lying when I say that you are beautiful."

"You mean that?"

"Yes. You just.... you're something else. You're a knockout. If you were just a little bolder, you'd beat me out for every role. You're gorgeous. I mean, they have to cast me because I am all they've got. But, if you were to try out...I'd be out of a role. I am completely serious. You could be a model, you know that?"

Jenna blushes a bit. "Stop it. You're just being overly nice."

"I am being honest." Erin pauses. "Now, that you know you're beautiful, and your body is definitely not the issue, would you streak?"

"Oh gosh, Erin, I would be far too scared to do anything like that."

"Jenna, you have got to get over this." She grins and thinks for a second. "Actually, I think it would be good for you to get over this shyness. You know, shyness is a choice. A complete choice. I am a very shy, reserved person, but I have chosen to not be shy. You need to see that you can be crazy, and the world won't come crashing down."

"Well, how do I do that?"

"Streak."

Jenna looks blankly. "Erin, I told you that I would not ever streak. No way."

"I am not saying you have to even leave my house. Baby steps. You could streak....in my house. I think it would be a freeing experience. It would help you to overcome this shyness. Granted, you won't be outside or anything, but it is a step in the right direction." Erin winks. "And, you know that my top priority is helping to facilitate your transition from 'shy girl' to 'audacious adolescent.'"

"Cut the bullshit, Erin. It was going good until you added the last part."

"Okay, I will be real. But, babe, are you up for it? For real?"

"Well...the thought is a little bit enticing. I mean, I wouldn't be running outside or anything. I could do something crazy, and no one would know. I know that I can completely trust you."

"Of course you can, Jenna."

"Well..."

"Come on! Be daring! You're so close. Just do it! Don't even think. Just do it. Go for it."

"Alright, alright, I will...but on one condition."

"What's that?"

"You have to do it with me."

Erin smiles really, really big. "It would be my honor."

IV

The girls look at each other for a second until Erin finally breaks the silence. "Well, come on, get at it."

"No, you first."

"Fine, together."

"Together." Both girls start by taking off their pants. Jenna slides her jeans down until she is in a blue thong. 

"Sexy panties!"

Jenna blushes. "Shut up. They were on sale."

"Right, right." Erin pushes down her pajama bottoms to reveal pink cotton bikinis.

"Sexy panties!"

"Yeah, you know, I wasn't dressed to fuck. I planned on going to sleep." 'Ironic, isn't it?' she thinks to herself. Jenna slides off her sweater, and is in a matching blue bra. She looks at Erin. 

"And you, your turn."

"I am waiting...I didn't put anything on under the tank top." Jenna nods at Erin, and while Erin begins to pull her top over her head, Jenna reaches around to undo her bra. Both articles of clothing come off. Erin eyes Jenna's breasts. They are very opposite of hers: large, round, big, with dark pink nipples. Erin is much more petite. Her breasts are barely a b-cup, with small, light pink nipples. They make her feel as little girlish as her pink bikini panties. 

Jenna giggles a bit. "I don't know why, but I feel really nervous. I've never felt nervous before. It is just a strange feeling. Gosh, we've seen each other naked since we were about six...slept in the same bed, changed in the swimming locker room. I feel stupid, and I bet I am blushing."

"Yes, you are. But it's okay. I am nervous, too." Erin slides her fingers into her panties and nods at Jenna. "Last, but certainly not least." The girls slide their panties down to their knees, and Jenna looks inquisitively at Erin. 

"You shaved?!!!" she practically screams. "Oh, wow, not that I am really looking...alright, now I am thoroughly embarrassed...it's just that, well, I didn't know people shaved. I mean, people shaved, but you of all people, I didn't know you shaved."

"Yeah, I did." Her bald mound contrasts greatly with Jenna's. Clearly, this girl had never even touched it. There is a thick bush of golden hair covering it, yet, Erin can still make out the outline of her lips. 

"Well, if you don't ask me asking, why did you do it?"

"Oh, just because." She smirks. "You should try it sometime."

"I don't think I would know where to start."

"Well...well, enough of this talk. It's streaking time. Now, when I say 'go,' we are going to run all around my house, and you will discover how amazing it is to run around naked. It's exhilarating."

"Ready when you are."

"Right....go!" Erin runs three times around the downstairs, then heads for the stairs leading up to the bedrooms and lunges, taking about two stairs at a time. Jenna, close behind, is increasingly on her tail, mostly because of her incredibly long legs. They reach the top of the stairs, and Erin fakes Jenna out to the right, but makes a sharp turn to the left, running into her parents' bedroom. She jumps on the bed, doing another somersault, and when Jenna finally runs in, Erin is sitting in the middle of the bed, Indian-style. "Well, what took you so long?"

"I...am...." Jenna huffs and puffs. "You're in such good shape. That, or I am in really bad shape. I can't take this. I don't think I could ever streak, because I just can't run."

"Here, sweetie, come rest." She pats on the bed next to her."

Jenna hesitantly climbs onto the bed and sits down next to her friend. "You know, this feels kinda weird, still."
