 Katie had just gotten her new apartment. It was small, even by big city standards, one large room with a bed, a couch, a small, eat in kitchen, and a bathroom. She was having "the girls" over for an inaugural slumber party. At least, that's what I thought. 

"Hi Sara!" Katie squealed. She already had a pitcher of margaritas on her table, and by the look of it, she had just finished one. 

"Hey Katie, I love this place! Pour me a Margarita! Where is everyone?"

"Well, they were all busy, but I thought you could help me break this place in."

"Sure!" I said, taking the drink she handed me. Wow, this is a strong one, I thought.

After an hour of drinking margaritas and pouring over catalogs, and ordering way too much stuff to decorate one small apartment, Katie and I were curled up on the couch, giggling.

"Sara, hon, we have to talk." Katie said, looking remarkably sober. This summer, at my parents camp, I saw you checking me out. You have been staring at my tits for months now.

Busted. I thought. I never considered myself a lesbian, bi maybe, but I had never been with a girl, and here I was in Katie's apartment, drunk, and surprisingly horny, and she called me out! 

"Its ok, though. I feel the same way" She said, practically reading my mind. "I am, well, a little more experienced in this way than I think you are, so lets try some things." She was staring into my eyes, and brought her hand up to stroke the side of my face, making me jump, and at the same time sending a shot of moisture to my pussy. Well, I got caught, might as well enjoy myself. At least she had the good sense to break out the 'liquid courage' before she asked. 

"So, you like my tits, wanna see 'em?" She grinned evilly, lifting her light tank top over her head, and exposing her bouncy, perky, creamy white tits. I moaned at the sight. I took my hands and slid them under her breasts, gently squeezing and rubbing both of my thumbs over her nipples. They hardened at my touch, and Katie moaned. 

"Are you a virgin with girls?" she asked as I continued to rub her boobs.

"Yes, but I have thought about this, and you, and what I would do if I had you in my hands." I said, quietly, still kind of embarrassed about feeling up my best friend.

"Well, you are on the right track." She moaned, and I squeezed again. "I want your shirt off, and I want your tits right now." She demanded.

I stood, releasing her, and slid my t-shirt off in one motion, I wasn't wearing a bra, we were in pjs, this was a slumber party, after all. She reached for my hands, and drew me to her, and instead of her hands, which I expected, her tongue darted out and caressed one of my nipples. She took it into her mouth, sucking hard, while her other hand wandered to my other breast, massaging that nipple too. I was moaning, low in my chest, when I found her with my hands, trailing them up her flat stomach, and once again filling my hands with them. She stopped her ministrations, and I opened my eyes, looking at her with disappointment. 

She put her finger to my mouth, and whispered into my ear; "shhhh, baby, I'll take care of you." She delicately traced her tongue down my ear and onto my mouth, breathing on my skin and raising goose bumps. She leaned back and grabbed a bottle of lotion from a small side table, poured some into her hands and began rubbing the cold, sweet smelling stuff onto my breasts. I moaned again, arching my back into her touch, loving the cold and the gentleness of her touch. I grabbed some lotion as well, and began massaging it into tits, my fingers sliding over her taut, lubricated flesh, slipping her nipples between my fingers, and squeezing, and sliding them away before she even registered the sensation. All of a sudden, her lips were on mine. They were salty, and tangy from the numerous margaritas, I kissed her back, and she opened her lips, to side her tongue into my mouth. I thought I might cum, right there. This incredibly sexy girl had her hands all over my boobs, and I had hers, and she was kissing me. It was my darkest fantasy. Almost. 

After a few minutes of kissing, and rubbing our soft, slippery tits together, Katie's hand began to travel down my belly, toward my wet, waiting pussy. She trailed her fingernails along the tender flesh of my abdomen, and slipped a finger under the band of my shorts, delicately caressing my clit. I jumped, and moaned.

"OK," she said "shorts off, and lay down. I am going to make you feel good like only a woman can, baby."

I got off the couch, and slid down my shorts, and soaking wet panties, she stood and did the same. I loved the sight of her bare pussy, sopping wet, and swollen for me.

She took my hand and led me to her bed, laying me on it, and spreading my legs at the edge. She kneeled before my spread legs, and started dragging her nails down my mound, and slid one finger down either side of my clit. I bucked at that simple touch, and she took it as an invitation. She put two fingers into my pussy, and started sliding them in and out of my wet folds. She brought her pink lips to pussy, and began lapping at my clit, continuing with her fingers. I was in ecstasy. This girl was eating my pussy, expertly lapping at my clit, and when I thought it couldn't feel better, she started moving her fingers in a 'come hither' motion, hitting my g-spot, and making me say "fuck Katie!"

"That's right, baby, say my name again, and I'll make you cum so fucking hard." She moaned, onto my clit, the vibrations sending out shocks through my body. She sped up her fingers and her tongue, sucking up my juices as they flowed freely onto her fingers.

"Fuck baby, yes! Katie yes!" I yell, incoherently.

"That's right baby." She said, as she sped up the fingering. I was starting to tremble, my body shaking at her ministrations, humping her face as she licked me clean. A low moan started to build as I began to cum, and then I was shaking, and cumming all over her face and hand, she held me down, and took my clit into her mouth, humming, as I rode out my orgasm. As my body began to calm, I opened my eyes. She took her fingers out of my pussy, and making eye contact with me, proceeded to lap my essence off of her. 

"Damn, you taste good, and you cum hard. I can't wait for my turn."