 The other night I was reminded of my 18th birthday party, 18 years ago. Like every 18 year old, I was a little horny slut, and the thing that turned me on the most was cock. Pure cock - I was a blow job and cum freak, I loved giving guys head and I loved having hot, creamy cum being squirted all over my body. Sure, I did fuck a lot, I had lost my virginity when I was 15 to a next-door neighbour. Knowing that, my best friend arranged for about 5 guys to be with me the night of my 18th birthday and to fuck my face, wank off on me, just shower and cover me in cum. It was a great night – none of the guys fucked me, they just kept cumming onto me, until I was covered in hot white gooey semen. 

It was there were I met my future husband, his cock passed by my lips after 45 minutes when I first met him. We eventually got together and I never ever fucked or sucked or did anything with another guy. From time to time I would still share some moments, so to speak, with old girlfriends of mine, but even that was a lot less, particularly after we each married and most of us got pregnant. 

Eric and I had an amazing sex life; there were very few days when we didn't fuck around. We took hundreds of photos of each other nude, jerking off or us together. My period never stopped him from pushing his cock into me. 

4 years ago Eric was killed in an accident with a drunk driver. He left me a devastated young widow and a large estate. Eventually, I put my lives together, I worked harder than ever as a lawyer and about 3 years later I started dating again, although pretty casually. Now I have a lot of guy friends, which I would just fuck constantly. I have never considered remarrying, although more than a few men have proposed to me over the years. I have also had a few flings with some female clients and co-workers in my law firm and have an active bisexual sex life, which satisfies me. 

I had a very hard day at work last Wednesday and at one point I thought I would be in the office all night. Around 12 am though I finished with my client, a stripper who injured here leg will performing lap-dance and was suing the strip club. The only reason I took this case was because the stripper – Candy was gorgeous, she was about 5'6, blonde hair and 36D breasts that weren't real. I hoped eventually after the long night I will the chance to taste Candy's pussy. I left the office with no luck with Candy but I would just masturbate over. I took a taxi from my office in lower Manhattan to my Upper West Side apartment (I sold the house because it was just too empty in there), which didn't take that long. This was good, because my fantasizing about Candy had about reached the point where I wanted to touch myself. This driver wouldn't have been the first to get a masturbation show from me, but I wanted to do it in my own bedroom. Finally I got to my apartment and I rushed into my bedroom.

I stripped off onto the bed and pulled my collection of dildos and vibrators. I began imaging a scene with my laying own my back with Candy on top of my, sucking my breasts. Her tongue wrapping around my nipples, then lifting her head up and giving my long, sexy French kiss. I picked a the largest dildo and fucked myself with it and my other hand rubbing my clit. I thought of another fantasy with me playing with her tits and her nipples, I cupped her breasts and gave her kiss. I moved down onto her pussy, licking it wildly, she then cums all over my. Still with the dildo in me and my fingers in my clit, I returned to the fantasy with Candy's tongue licking the cum of from my cheek. I screamed out in my room, my body shuttered as I reached my first orgasm.

I visualized another scene, one that had Mandy my secretary on her back with strap-on dildo and Candy sitting on her face and I was riding the dildo. I move dildo in and out of my pussy while in my mind I could see myself moving up and down on the cock. I looked over at Candy, watched her large beautiful breasts moving up and down as she ground her pussy into Mandy's face. One of Candy's hands went to my pussy to play with my clit; the other hand went to one of my tits and she gave a squeeze and massaged it. My own hand went to my clit to mimic my fantasy; I pinched, rubbed, and squeezed it. In my fantasy, I was bouncing up and down on the strap-on dildo while Candy held my tit and clit. I was beginning to shove the dildo in and out of my pussy; I could feel the big one getting ready to rack my body. I pushed my fingers together, trapping her clit inside of them. Then, while the dildo was hitting places inside of me, I pinched the clit almost as hard as I could. Which resulted in my body going into spasms, I screamed and moaned, I pulled out the dildo which was drenched in pussy juices and gave lick then I collapsed out my bed.

I woke up a few hours later still sexually aroused. I looked over the files of Candy's case, admiring the sexiness of her in the photos and grinning as I thought about the previous night. I went up to my bedroom, showered, dressed and went into my office. As I got in the taxi I recognised the driver, he was one of the drivers I have given a masturbation show. During the ride to my office I thought about my fantasy last night, I realised I might not get to fuck Candy but I would be able to fuck Mandy.

I called my secretary in after me. Mandy was a young girl, about 20, with a great body and had let me know on more than one occasion that she would be available to me if I wanted her. I told her to close the door behind her. 

"Mandy", I said to her as I began to strip, "Get undressed." 

She smiled. 

Madeline is petite, about 5' 1" and can't weigh more than 100 pounds. She has waist length luxurious brunette hair and a tight body (32B-22-31). She had always flirted with me, since the day I hired her, somehow naturally she knew that I was bisexual. Until today, though, I hadn't responded in any way to her flirting. 

As I slid out of my blouse, she lifted her sweater over her head. We both kept our eyes on each other as we each unhooked our bras. I walked over to her and ran my hands over her stomach and her firm perky breasts. I crushed my mouth down on hers, pushing my tongue into her and pressing her body against mine. She ran her hands up and down my back, over my ass. As she began to unbutton my skirt I slid my hands down her slacks, over her asscheeks and down the back, between her legs. I felt her warm wetness of her pussy and I felt my own one begin to gush freely. 

We were soon both naked, standing in the middle of my office, kissing, running our hands over each other. I pushed her onto sofa, which used to fuck clients

"I've wanted to do this for so long", she said to me, as I sat down on the sofa. She lowered her head immediately to my breasts. I felt the warmth of her tongue on me and I kicked back to enjoy the sensation. 

Her mouth moved from one nipple to another gently sucking and nibbling on them as her hands started caressing my whole body, my legs, stomach, and hair. I moved my hands towards Mandy and she pushed them aside, whispering "I want to do you, just you, make you happy." 

I let her continue and she moved her hands towards my crotch, brushing over the top of my pubic hair and I felt her fingers glide gently over my clit. I shivered at the sensation and I watched a wry smile break out on Mandy's face. She laid me back on the sofa and kneeled beside me on the floor. I felt her kiss my stomach, run her tongue around and through my navel and I felt my cunt juices dripping around my butt. I felt her long hair fall on my legs and even felt it brush over my pussy. I pushed her head towards my twat and she complied, gently kissing my clit, running her lips and tongue over it. I spread my legs a little wider and she moved her mouth up and down each side of my cunt lips. 

"Make me cum," I moaned loudly, to which she responded "I will." 

Her tongue entered my cunt and I lifted my hips, pushing my body against her mouth as she tongue fucked me. I had never realized that she had such a long tongue, but enjoyed the feelings that it sent through as her soft wet tongue slid in and out of the opening of my slit. She kept one hand on my tit, pinching and pulling softly on my taut erect nipples and the other right on my clit, circling it gently, bringing me closer and closer to orgasm. I clamped my legs together between her head, fucking her face furiously.

I was soon flooded with pleasure as I came in an amazingly powerful orgasm. I muffled my cries, pushed my body against her even harder. She didn't stop, but kept on going, exactly the same way, with her tongue in my cunt, her hands on my tits and clit. She kept me on edge again for what seemed like an eternity until another, even more powerful set of muscle spasms coursed through me. 

Mandy sat back, watching me as I caught my breath. "You're amazing", I said to her. She answered me, "I know, I've been practicing." We both smiled and I pulled her up towards me, kissing her as deeply as I could, tasting my own pussy juices on her. 

Her little body was now under mine and I wasted no time in returning the pleasures to her. She moaned softly as I moved my mouth around her neck and toward her nipples. Her tits were small, but she had large nipples that stuck out pretty far. I bit down on one them and she moaned more loudly, caressing my hair at the same time. 

"Fuck Annie keep it going." I had never heard her scream like that before which turned me on more so I bit down harder on her nipple. 

"Harder" she moaned and I complied with her request. She was clearly a very submissive girl and I figured she would make an excellent lover for me. 

I moved quickly to her cunt, which was soaked and buried my face in it. As I pushed harder it into her, still tonguing her. "God Annie bite my clit," she cried and I bite her.

Mandy started bucking and groaning and cumming like crazy. Pussy juice poured out of her and I tried lick it all up as quickly as I could. I wasn't going to let Mandy go with only one orgasm so I kept working her, more harder than she had worked me, which then drove her to another orgasm. 

We both sat back on the sofa, naked, gently touching each other. 

"I have you seen our new client?" I asked her. 

"The stripper – yeah sure. She is gorgeous. I want to suck her tits bad."

"Yeah I want to do the same. We got to see if we can get a threesome with her." I replied. 

It was lunch time now and had to go meet a potential client. We dressed and just before we opened my office door I gave her a swift and hard wack on her ass for the fun of it. 

"I know you're the boss, Anna. No need to smack me around, unless of course," she said grinning, "you really want to." 

I grabbed her head and gave a long kiss, sliding my tongue deep into her. We then left the office to meet the client.