 I'm such a fucking hot nympho slut for Blue. She makes me that way. I have to have her ALL the time...and even when she's busy, she loves when I tease her, trying to make her set her work aside and give herself to me...

...and there's nothing I won't do to make her give in.

Last night, she was SO busy. I was sitting across the room, my legs spread wide so she could see. I was swatting my pussy with my ass-length hair and watching her eyes. My pussy was getting soooooooo wet and my juices were oozing from me...

Of course, I was sitting on a few towels. My eyes never left hers as I sat there. I was NOT touching myself when I made my pretty butterfly pussy lips quiver for her to see. Her mouth opened a little...I could tell she wanted her face between my velvet-smooth thighs, her mouth full of my pussy and sucking it...

My juices were flowing much more, now...I still hadn't touched myself. I held my ankles and pulled my wide-spread legs back, letting her watch my juices flow from my throbbing and quivering pussy down to my ass opening...

She had so much work to do, yet, she was so fucking hot for me...it was easy to tell. She had her legs spread...she wasn't touching her pussy yet, but she was so fucking wet! She was squirming, her computer still on her lap...she was typing only a little, mostly looking at my pussy. I love teasing her, and she loves it when I do...

I slid my hand up through my sloppy-drippy pussy...she skipped a few breaths when I rubbed my juices all over my tummy...making my tanned skin glisten...

"My baby wants to suck me, don't you, sweetheart...I'd just LOVE for you to make me cum in your mouth..."

She set her computer aside and started to get up from the big chair she was sitting in...

"Nope...stay right there, babydoll. Don't worry...I shall feed you my pussy when it's time."

She whimpered and put her feet up on the chair, her knees in the air, legs spread, her hand rubbing her swelling pussy.

I started firmly patting my pussy, making my juices splatter on my inner thighs...

"Sunny...baby..."

"Don't move, my precious lover...stay right there."

I picked up a banana from the table beside me. Now, it was showtime...a little squeal of delight came from Blue.

If you think this will be just a normal, everyday banana fuck, you'd better think again.

There was NOTHING normal about what I did with that banana...

Blue's eyes widened when she saw the banana.

"Sunny...you're not going to..."

I was already using the banana to rub my pussy...I smiled at her...the banana was all slick with my juices...I slipped it just barely inside my hungry pussy.

"Would baby like to watch her slutty bad girl fuck herself with this banana?"

"Yes! Fuck yourself real good with it!"

My pussy was so wet and juicy, it seemed to suck the banana inside me...I tossed my hair back and watched Blue. It was so huge! It really filled my pussy, forcing my juices out. I fucked it to the back of my pussy and screamed!

What was so cool about that was that Blue screamed with me! Fuck! It felt so good! Then, I came! Out of nowhere! My body went insane for Blue to watch! She had her finger inside her, fucking the hell out of herself!

Then...exactly what I'd been waiting for...my strong pussy muscles broke that banana out of it's skin! Blue watched as I pulled the banana peel out of me WITHOUT the banana!

"Sunny! Fuck, baby! So...your pussy is full of squished-up banana!"

"Sure is, sweetheart!"

Oh yeah...it sure felt fantastic...the squished-up banana, mixed with my juices and what was left of my cum...I massaged my pussy, trying to keep the banana-creme inside me...but, my pussy muscles were quivering...tightening...and it was all trying to ooze out between my fingers...

Blue was just watching, whimpering and breathing deeply, sliding her finger around inside her, her juices FLOWING out of her...

I took my hand away from my pussy, spread my legs wider, and let her watch the wonderfully thick and squishy banana oooooooooooze out of me.

"Sunny...baby..."

I got the first handful, leaned my head back with my eyes closed and rubbed it all over my tummy...

IF I'd had my eyes open, I would have seen my perfect lover almost flying through the air...on course for her mouth to land right on my sloppy, banana-covered pussy...

I screamed in pure delight when Blue landed on me! All in one motion, she pinned down my legs, held my arms to the mattress and attacked my pussy with her warm, wet mouth, sucking me and licking me oh-so-hard!

I screamed again when she made me cum for her...so fucking quickly...my cum flowing from me and mixing deliciously with the, by now, thick, gooey banana! Blue was ravenous, eating my pussy so roughly and fucking me with her tongue...a mixture of purrs, whimpers and growling all coming from her throat, making my orgasm go on forever with hard, hard spasms rocking my body...

I kept giving my baby my cum, and she kept sucking me, wanting more and more...this was my baby taking all of me...taking possession of her woman, her overheated slutty fucktoy...and it made me so fucking hot to belong to her and only her!

When my orgasm passed, I wasn't exhausted...I was exhilarated. Blue slid up my body far enough to straddle my waist and laid on my shoulder, her hot breath on my neck. I knew why...she wanted me able to reach her ass and her pussy. I slid my fingers down her back, then caressed her deeply between her ass cheeks...

"Blue, YOU are fucking incredible!"

She slid her lips and tongue along my neck, then spoke softly, but hotly against my neck...

"If you think I'm incredible now, you should see me cum..."

"I will make baby cum...I will make baby cum a LOT...I am Blue's fucktoy..."

I slid one finger to her ass opening, sliding it around her rim...her whole body tensed and she jumped, now propping herself up on her hands, her head back...

"FUCK! SUNNY! FUCK! OH FUCK!"

Her hot, steaming juices started flowing onto my tummy...she laid back down, resting her forehead against my shoulder, breathing hard...hot little squeals coming out with each breath. She had her ass in the air, trying to fuck it against my finger...

I kept caressing her opening and spoke very softly to her ear...

"What does my baby desire? It will be a huge turn-on for me to do anything baby wants done."

"Ooooooooohhhhhhhhh...baby wants to cum a LOT! But I want to be on top of you every time I cum, so you'll be sloppy-messy-covered in Bluecum!"

"I love it! Yes!"

I slid Blue up more so I could reach her pussy better...I started massaging her big, swollen clit, the fingers on my other hand softly caressing up through her ass cheeks...Blue was already trembling...

"Oh...yeah Sunny...have...to...cum..."

I smiled...she didn't see me reach for a strong vibrator...my other hand had her clit between my fingers. In one move, I turned the vibrator on high and laid it on her opening between her ass cheeks...I held it there, my other hand squeezing her clit between my fingers...

She jumped so hard, she almost fell off me...and came so hard, I was drenched in Bluecum! Blue was breathing hard while I rubbed her cum all over me. Fuck, I loved it!

"More Sunny! More! Please fuck me more!"

I laughed softly, set the vibrator aside and slipped a small bullet vibrator, with a wireless remote control, ALL the way inside her...

"Oooooooooooo...yeah, baby...make..."

I hit the pulse button just once and she jumped sky-high...

"YES! LIKE THAT!"

I laughed and laid my hand on her pussy to hold the vibrator in, AND to rub her clit...I turned on the bullet vibe, then attacked her clit with my fingers, my thumb barely inside her pussy, wiggling while holding the vibe deep inside her...Blue came VERY hard again! I didn't stop...didn't let up at ALL...Blue bit my neck and screamed like holy hell, cumming over and over again!

After the tenth time, I decided she'd had enough. I turned off the vibe and slipped it out of her...but there was one thing I neeeeeded real bad...

Her mouth was on mine, kissing me...licking me. I spoke against her lips, my hot breath on them...

"Please feed me your pussy, my sweet love...I need your cum in my tummy...as your hot, slutty woman, I need to feel your precious cum going down my throat."

"Yes yes yes!"

Blue got on her hands and knees and I slid down under her pussy...I held her hips and pulled her to my mouth...I hungrily sucked her, purring and whimpering into her pussy...Blue squealed with delight while fucking my mouth! I sucked her harder, my tongue fucking against her clit...she came in an earthquake of spasms and hard shuddering, filling my mouth with her cum!

I kept sucking her, swallowing her cum...so hot...so fucking hot...it felt WONDERFUL as it went down!

Blue fell on top of me when her orgasm passed...I wriggled up and had her straddling my tummy...she laid her head on my shoulder and I soothed her, from her head, down her back and down her thighs. I pulled the covers over her shoulders and kissed the top of her head...

"Sunny loves Blue, oh-so-very much!"

"Blue loves Sunny, forever and ever!"

*

Thank-you for reading!

My love to all,

Sunny