 Snapshots. Frame 01 - Body Lotion

Each day following my shower, and before I dress, I apply body lotion to my skin. 

I was working on my feet and legs while you lay in bed, suitably tussled and softened from our early morning loving, watching me with your incredible eyes. I could feel the desire rising again, I could feel it in both of us. Without lifting my head, I continued with my task and spoke quietly to you, "Stop watching me that way, its most distracting." 

I heard you chuckle, and then a movement as you threw the covers back. "Give me the bottle, love, let me do it." 

Somewhere in my head I knew that was a bad move, but I could not argue with that voice.  I looked up to see you standing beside the bed, your hand held out to me. What could I do but accede. 

You drew me to the bed, and told me to sit, which I did. You took the bottle of lotion from me, and kneeling in front of me, proceeded to massage the lotion into my skin, starting at my feet, working up my calves, past my knees, and on to my thighs. Your touch was at the same time soothing and electrifying. The feeling of expectancy in my throat and stomach was almost overpowering. Gently you put your hands on the inside of both knees and opened them; lifting one leg at a time, you placed them on your shoulders, making me lean back slightly, taking my weight on my hands, my arms braced on the bed behind me.

I closed my eyes with a soft sigh, as I felt your hands massaging my thighs, one at a time, then heard your voice, "Lie back love, relax." Your hands had moved past my thighs and were now making gentle stroking movements over my abdomen, and I seemed almost incapable of doing anything, so I simply moved my arms to the side and lay back on the bed, knowing what you were going to do, and welcoming it, wanting it, as always.

Your fingers moved downwards and with the softest of touches, stroked the tips over my, by now, very wet lips, making me shudder and moan in delight.  Then with one stroke from the bottom of my slit to the top, you drew the breath from me, and sent fireworks exploding in my head. I felt your hands move round to my hips, pulling me closer to you, and then your soft mouth kissing my lips, your tongue gently seeking, working its way deeper and deeper into me, and your soft moaning of delight at the taste and feel of me, sending overwhelming vibrations deep into me. 

I could hear sounds; sounds that I knew were coming from me. My body was trembling, hands gripping the sheet. I was in heaven. 

I became aware of several sensations at once; your tongue and lips on me; one of your long soft fingers sliding deep in side of me, then joined by another, filling and caressing me; the feel of those fingers sliding in and out of me, moving deeper and deeper each time; the feel of the curving of your fingers grazing against that soft, special spot high up inside me, resulting in shudders and moans that rippled through my body.

As my delight in you began to rise, taking my hips with it, your lips took possession of my straining nodule, sucked it into you, flicking with your tongue. The movement of your fingers inside me matched the stroke of your tongue on my clit. The exquisite tension that resulted was short lived. A few strokes and I was finished.

My hips lifted, back arched, and the waves of pleasure exploded from the touch of your mouth and your fingers; outwards, encompassing my whole body, forcing just one sound from me, as I called out your name; my body held in a rigid arc of ecstasy, my mouth in a matching gaping rictus, while inside my tissues writhed and pulsed to your dictate. Finally, exhausted, trembling and tearful my body released its tension, collapsing back to the bed. 

My chest heaved, desperate to gain the breath you had exploded out of me; I slowly became aware of your lips gently caressing me, your tongue gathering what you loved most, the touch of your tongue over my swollen satiny tissues causing aftershocks and soft shudders of pleasure. When your caresses stopped, I whispered to you, touching a hand to your shoulder, "My love.........", and knowing what I wanted, you raised yourself to stand between my still trembling legs, leaned over me, your face above mine smiling lovingly at me, your lips swollen and moistened from your activities, shining with my essence. 

Reaching for you, my arms encircling, I pulled you down to me, our lips joining softly, so softly, tongues seeking and touching, taking taste from each other. 

I lifted my legs, circling them around you, linking them at the ankles behind you, the movement stimulating my still sensitive lips, making me shudder again, and spreading my wetness over your own skin. Your arms slid beneath me, holding me tightly to you, your mouth once again capturing mine, kissing me, deeply, softly, with so much love.

I wanted never to be anywhere else, except with you.