 Snapshots - Frame 02 - Moonlight

Last night, after a long, relaxing bath, I donned my robe and went to stand on the terrace in the moonlight quietly smoking a cigarette. It was late, just before midnight ; one or two lights were still visible in the windows of the houses around us but most were in darkness.

Suddenly you were there. Your hands crept around me, and I felt your body pressed up against my back. You took the cigarette from me, and after one puff yourself, threw it away. Your other hand was squeezing and fondling one of my breasts through the robe, sending wonderful sensations through my body, to my brain and lower, much lower. I leaned back against you, my head on your shoulder. Your other hand took hold of my chin and gently turned my face towards you so that you could kiss me. Such a kiss. Your lips fused themselves to mine, your tongue sliding gently into my mouth, searching and probing dancing with my own. One hand dropped to my other breast, and your tongue and hands choreographed the trembling in my legs, and the tightening in my stomach.

Without warning, and without breaking the kiss, your hands moved from my breasts, making me moan at that loss; but then, to my surprise, I felt them releasing the belt on my robe. As it fell open the cool evening air raised gooseflesh on me and added extra hardness to my already rigid nipples. I pulled my mouth from yours. "Darling, no. People can see!" My hands, which had been covering yours, grabbed at the edges of the robe, only to be stopped by yours. 

"It's fine, no-one is looking.......and .......they'd only be ........jealous .......of me ........if they were," you muttered against my lips, planting small, brief kisses, between the words.  I smiled at this unlikely concept, but my body was making a liar of my protestations; the pounding in my heart, the trembling in my stomach and legs all told me how much this exposure was arousing me. Thoughts flew around my head, "What the hell; if they're looking, they've already seen you kissing and being fondled. Go with it." Taking a deep breath and then exhaling slowly, I relaxed my arms, releasing the robe.

"Good girl," you smiled at me. As your mouth took possession of mine again, I felt your hands ease the robe apart, revealing my generous body to the watching moon and a few barely interested stars. An involuntary moan escaped from my mouth into yours as your hands gently caressed my breasts, squeezing the nipples, making me move towards your fingers. Slowly, you circled the soft roundness, using only your fingertips on the sides and underneath, knowing this would make me shudder and shiver with longing. 

My senses became aware of several things all at once; the soft sounds of evening around us, the musical sound of the waterfall further down the garden, a cat mewing in the distance, and another sound, which I suddenly realised was me, moaning into your mouth. 

I felt one of your hands move slowly down my body, caressing my side, again producing shivers of anticipation and a surge of pure lust that made me open my mouth wider, to take your tongue as deep into me as it could go. Your hand moved, lower and lower, using a tickling circling movement over my stomach and around my navel, as you wiggled your fingertip in the tiny crater, making me squirm. 

I knew where your hand was headed, and the anticipation was making my legs tremble even more. As your fingers moved softly into my curls, I briefly pulled my mouth from yours, gasping my rapidly growing need, "Oh god, yes."

I felt, rather than saw the smile on your face, as you whispered against my lips.  "Patience darling, patience, don't rush me," and your hands continued to alternately squeeze and caress my breasts, and move slowly and deliberately over my mound, dipping occasionally to run lightly over my outer lips.

I was breathing heavily now, and although I knew what you were saying, I also knew there was no way I was going to last very long. I wanted you in me! Now! 

Perhaps you sensed my urgency, perhaps not, but as I thought the words, your finger moved lower, sliding between the outer lips, and made its easy way inside me. You lifted your mouth from mine briefly to whisper, "Oh yes, so wet. For me." At these words, you withdrew the finger and then added another to it, plunging deeply into me, almost lifting me off my feet. 

"Yesssssss", was all I could manage, as I began to push down against your hand, wanting you deeper and deeper inside me. 

Your other arm moved, removing your hand from my breast, and circled my waist. Your mouth left mine, allowing me to breathe in short desperate gasps, which only increased as I felt your soft mouth move to take possession of a nipple, sucking it deeply into your mouth caressing it with your tongue.

By now my legs were trembling uncontrollably, one of my arms wrapped around you, over your shoulder, desperately holding me up. My gasps were interspersed with low pleading moans, as I begged you to "Fuck me, please, just fuck me." 

Two fingers became three, and your thumb moved to press against my clit. It only took a few moments of this continuous onslaught, before I felt the welcome tightening in my stomach and pussy. As you felt me lift on my toes, you pushed once more with your fingers, touching me deeply; your thumb rubbed my clit as you rapidly flicked your tongue over my nipple. 

I was there. I could feel the wetness, the sudden ease with which your fingers slid deep into me; then the tight gripping and clenching of my walls against your fingers, holding them in me; I could feel the explosion of heat and tremors that started deep inside me, and moved out in widening circles, encompassing my whole body, squeezing my stomach, my heart and my lungs. As your actions drew ecstatic moans out of me my hands held on to you to steady myself. 

Standing near naked, being fucked, in my garden, was OK. Yelling out in orgasmic explosions and moans apparently was not, and as my sounds of ecstasy grew, you moved your mouth back to mine, covering my lips, muffling my sounds, taking them into yourself. 

Gradually, my moans changed to whimpers, and your muffling turned to a deep, soft loving kiss, your tongue gently caressing inside of my mouth, over my teeth and gums, teasing my own tongue. As you slowly withdrew your tongue, you lightly licked my lips, moving your lips to kiss my cheeks and eyes. Your fingers were still buried deep inside me, with my full consent and desire. I wanted them nowhere else; added to which, they were holding me up, while the trembles and tremors still rippled through my shaking legs.

Eventually, when I could form coherent sounds, I spoke low, breathily, "Wow, that was incredible." I had been totally unprepared for the extra stimulation of the situation, the public nakedness. It had completely blown my mind. But now that the moment had passed, the vulnerability of my situation came rushing back to me. "Darling, please," I murmured, as my hands once again grappled for the edges of my gown. This time you simply smiled, chuckling softly. Slowly you withdrew your fingers from me, allowing me to gather my gown and myself, while happily licking your fingers.