 Jen helped her best friend haul the several bottle of alcohol into her dorm room. They each carried a heavy backpack and tried to look casual as they walked past the dozing security guard. The girls couldn't help but burst into laughter once the elevator doors closed. 

"I can't believe you talked me into this."

"Oh come on, Jen. This is what college is all about. You were going to come visit me all the way from Philly and not get drunk with me?" Jen looked at her friend in agreement.

"You're right. We spent thirty bucks on this stuff so let's get fucked up." Emily gave her friend a wide smile that showed her perfect white teeth. When the elevators opened onto Emily's floor, she followed her, careful not to make too much noise. It was 12:30 and most of the students were either in bed or out at some party. They set the bottles down by the bed and turned the stereo on to play some quiet music. Jen began to remove the layers of winter clothing.

"I feel like I weigh 200 when I'm wearing all those sweaters. No wonder I don't get hit on, no one can tell I'm only 110. Emily turned to look at her friend. Lack of sun had made her skin very pale, but she could still admire the perky breasts and tiny waist that flared out to a perfect set of hips. Jen sat in the center of the bed in nothing but a pair of boy shorts panties and matching bra. Emily realized that she was staring and began removing her own clothing. She knew she was blushing and told herself she enjoyed looking at her friend too much. 

Emily's tan had not yet faded from their summer in Miami. She wasn't nearly as curvy as her friend since her breasts were smaller and there wasn't much curvature to her bottom. She was really very self conscious, but she got constant reassurance from friends like Jen. She stripped down to her underwear and joined her friend on the bed.

"Are you sure your roommate is gone for the weekend?" 

"Yes. Don't worry," Emily replied, exasperated. Jen picked up to bottles of Smirnoff. She opened one for Emily and one for herself. With a cheers they each took a drink.

Three bottles later, they could barely hold each other up. They lay sprawled sideways on the bed, empty bottles strewn across the floor. As usual, Emily kept up the conversation. Jen just tried to make sense of what she was saying. 

"I can't believe that I ended up hooking up with that guy!" she giggled and came closer to Jen, playing with a strand of dark brown hair that fell across her face.

"At least you enjoyed it," Jen told her, her eyes falling to Emily's plump lips. Jen's mouth found Emily's of it's own accord. It was a light kiss and lasted only a second. Emily stopped talking. Edging closer, she kissed Jen again, opening her lips to let her tongue slide into Jen's mouth. Her hand stroked her friend's slender neck and then slid down to cup a soft breast. Jen pulled her head back.

"I can't believe you're doing this," she said quietly.

"You know what? I think we're a little dirty. We should take a shower?"

"Together?" Emily nodded with a devious grin.

"Are you kidding? Anybody could walk in!"

"At this hour?" Emily stood and headed for the door. Jen had enough sense to realize that she was walking out in her underwear.

"Wait!" But Emily was already stumbling down the hall. Jen did her best to catch up but it seemed everything was wobbling in front of her. She held onto the wall as followed Emily to the shower room. When she got there, she heard a shower running and saw Emily's discarded clothing on the floor. Jen shrugged and removed her own clothing, falling to the floor when she slid off her panties. She dragged herself up and stepped behind the curtain of the shower Emily stood in.

She was under the shower head, the water splashing over her. Without a word, Jen stepped up to her, cupped her face and kissed her. It was a deep kiss and Emily had to take a breath every few seconds. Tilting her head, Jen began kissing Emily's neck, and sliding her hand down to her shaven pussy. Slowly, so that Emily wouldn't noticed, she parted the soft lips and slid a finger in between them. Emily didn't protest, in fact, she stood with her legs further apart. Jen took the encouragement and became more forceful with her hand. Emily began to moan and thrust her hips forward as Jen started a rhythm. The alcohol had made her horny as hell and grabbed Jen's hand and made her slide to fingers into her pussy. 

Becoming too dizzy to stand Jen stopped sucking on Emily's neck and whispered, "sit on the sink." Emily turned the shower off and walked naked to the white porcelain sink on the opposite wall. Jen helped her hop onto the counter.

"It's so cold!" Emily exclaimed.

"Shhh." Jen hushed her and then fell to her knees in front of her friend. Taking an ankle in each hand she spread Emily's legs and put her face between them. Emily's pussy was wet from the shower and her own arousal. Jen was surprised at how easy it was to put her mouth on her friend and lick the folds of her pussy. She gave her friend a soft sloppy kiss, her face moving slowly back and forth across the spread lips. She blamed it on the alcohol, but it was just an excuse to do what she had been wanting to do for a while. Emily didn't complain. She leaned back against the mirror, holding her legs open while Jen thrust her tongue in and out of her; circled her clit and sucked on it. 

"That feels sooo good. Make me come, Jen." Jen didn't know how much time passed this way. Jen would push her tongue inside Emily, tasting her, while her nose bumped her clit. The shower room was quiet except for the slurping sounds Jen's moutth made and Emily's soft sighs. She only noticed heer friend was near climax when Emily's breathing changed and her legs started to shake.

"Oooh, Jen," she moaned, "I think I'm going to come. Ahhh ahhhh, keep going....oh fuck!" Emily's back arched and she thrust her hips forward and tangled her fingers into Jen's hair.

"I love your pussy," Jen whispered before darting her tongue in again. She knew when Emily came. Warm liquid came from her and dripped from Jen's chin. Exhausted, Jen fell back to the floor and wiped her mouth with the back of her hand. Emily sat on the sink gasping, her legs hanging limply over the side. Jen looked up at her friend.

"You see why we shouldn't drink?"