 Brenda and I met at lectures we share. She's a honey blond with a round sweet face and a very noticeable body. She's quite 'touchy feelie'. I haven't been able to get her alone, but this may work. All Southern Ontario is shut down by a blizzard. Even the university. I'm from The Soo, but her parent's home is a short walk from a TTC subway stop, and she invited me there until things get going again.

"Mom, this is my friend Chrissy."

"Thanks for inviting me, Mam."

"Call me 'June', dear. Brenda, show your friend to the spare room."

Mrs. Carter smiled. I could see the family resemblance. She was a slightly more rounded version of Brenda. A yummy mommy as my brother Pete the Pig would say. My room was obviously Mrs. Carter's sewing room.

I tried to kiss Brenda on the mouth, but as usual, she turned her cheek, giggled, then kissed mine. I'd find a way to get into her pants.

We went to the kitchen in the modern ranch style house. Brenda took a couple of Labatts Blues from the two door 'fridge and we sat on the tall stools at the kitchen island.

"No beer for your old Mom?"

"Sorry Mom. Want a Blue?"

"No dear, I'll open a bottle of wine."

I was plotting as we talked. Maybe I could go to the loo, then accidentally end up in Brenda's room in the middle of the night?

"Jack is snowed in in Ottawa, so we can have a hen party." That's Brenda's dad.

Then Mrs. Carter almost made me fall off my stool.

"I should have asked, are you two sleeping together?" 

"MOM!"

"Oh, honey, I'm not so ancient and square. When I was at university it was almost required to have a lezzy affair to prove you were a liberated woman. My room mate the last year was Gwen..."

"MOM! Too much information!"

"Mm. Finish your beer, we've got a open bottle of wine to finish."

After supper we played a game of Trivial Pursuit. Brenda left us talking and went to bed after she won. Mrs Carter and I talked about nothing in particular until we were both yawning.

I'd just got into bed wearing my long sleeve Habs jersey (Montreal Canadiens Hockey) and panties when the door opened. Brenda? The answer to my dreams?

"Mrs Carter?" She was wearing a turquoise robe with a pink and red floral pattern.

"Call me 'June' Chrissy. Just wanted to make sure you were all tucked in." She pulled the blanket up to my chin and gave me a very warm kiss on the lips, stroked my cheek, then silently left.

I fingered myself to nature's sleeping pill.

The city was up and running by the next afternoon. Just as Mrs Carter dropped us off at our dorm she asked me for my phone number. "Just in case I can't reach Brenda."

"Sure Mrs., I mean June."

A few weeks later we were in the caff. studying when Brenda let out a "Wow! Look at this."

It was a text from her dad saying he'd pay for the writer's seminar she wanted to go to on the weekend in Montreal.

Ten minutes later there was a 'ping' on mine. A text from Mrs Carter. 'B to Laval. J sledding. U dinner Fri nite?'

'Love 2'

'Wear dress Emile's 7'

I chose my long sleeve hunter green knee length dress that compliments my curly auburn hair. Gold studs and a short thin gold necklace for jewelry, and my two inch heel mid thigh tan leather boots. Perfect.

June was already seated and had a glass of white wine to her red lips when I arrived. Her blond hair was up, without a strand out of place. Her diamond earrings and matching choker necklace sparkled. Her dress was dark blue with long chiffon sleeves. Elegant yummy mommy.

As the waiter seated me she said, "Bring the young lady a glass of white wine and a couple of menus please."

We had a nice dinner. Jack, Brenda's dad was off to Timmins snowmobiling with his buddies. We talked about all sorts of things. Then at dessert she asked the 'big' question. "Are you sleeping with my Brenda yet? 

My face was on fire. "Er? No." She knew what I wanted to do with her little girl.

"Good." Pause. "It wouldn't be right for me to be fucking my daughter's lover. Would it?"

I was tongue tied. "Um, er, ah."

"We've all weekend. Will you come home with me?"

I reached across the table and stroked the top of her hand. "I'd like that."

From the back of her chair she lifted and slid into a full length white arctic fox coat. The parking valet brought her silver Acura around.

"You aren't offended by my fur, are you?"

"No. I like fur. Not that I've ever worn one. I mean, you know? I'm from the north. Trapping is big business"

As we drove June said, "When we were first married Jack had a big old car with a front bench seat. I used to suck his cock as we drove along. Mm. He's a big man. One time we were cruising along the 401, and Jack was enjoying it so much he wasn't watching his speed. Anyway, the cop never said anything, but he must have seen my head suddenly appear when he turned on the lights and siren. He let Jack off with a warning." She laughed at the memory.

Soon we were at her house. The garage was attached so we went right into the house. She wrapped me in her arms and we shared a sweet kiss.

"You know where everything is dear. Mix us a couple of gin and tonics. I'll be right back."

She returned in a short bit, still wearing her fur. She had another fur on a hanger in her right hand. Her fur was open at the front displaying bare beautiful shapely white skin.

"I saw this on the internet. It looks so erotic. You know which room, get changed and meet me in the family room."

The fur she gave me was a knee length raccoon with a wide cuddly collar. She was sitting on the couch and handed me my drink as I sat beside her. We clinked glasses.

"Well, cheers."

"Cheers, Chrissy."

It did feel erotic and elegant at the same time. The satin lining of my fur against my bare skin. Beautiful Mrs.Carter beside me, her fur fallen off her shapely thighs, her red red lips puckering as she lifted her wine glass to them. She'd let down her hair and it flowed over the collar of her fur.

"Jack was so hurt. He bought that coat for Brenda one Christmas and less than a year later she decided fur was cruel and refused to wear it."

I snuggled it's wide soft collar and wondered what was wrong with Brenda.

Mrs. Carter took my glass and set both glasses on the coffee table. She looked like she needed a kiss. I sure did.

Sweet tender kisses. The soft cuddly furs. Hands slipping inside. Soft skin, satin lining brushing the backs of hands. Warm lips. The taste of tongues. So gentle. Her breasts were big and soft. I cupped them gently. I rolled my fingers around her nipples. I kissed my way down to them. I licked and sucked their erect perfection. I slid a hand down to her blond beaver and stroked.

"Mm, good girl. Ah. Yes."

I slid off the couch and spread her smooth legs. I looked up and smiled. She looked down and smiled. She bent forward and kissed me again, then spread my fur off my shoulders. I bowed to her pussy and began to kiss.

I felt so sophisticated. My fur draped across my elbows, naked from my waist up. Mrs. Carter massaging my shoulders, the fur sleeves of her coat tickling my ears and shoulders as I kissed and licked. Her soft encouragement.

"Yes, that's just right dear. Mm. Oh, good girl."

I touched her clit with the tip of my tongue. That's all it took. She's a moaner. I lapped up her juice as she came down.

"Get up here Chrissy."

We kissed and groped. Her hand slipped down. She rubbed my pubic mound.

"Mm."

"You like that baby?"

"Mm." Was all I could say.

The long red fingernails on her other hand scraped around my nipples. I almost came when the very tips of her nails pinched and pulled my nipples. I was frantic.

"Please!" was the only word in my vocabulary I could remember.

"Not quite yet, sweetie."

"Whimper."

Her hand felt so good. "My tender young sweetie."

"Whimper."

A long sweet tender kiss. A nibble on my earlobe.

"Time for bed, Chrissy."

"Mmm."

She took my hand and led me to the master bedroom. Big bed, reading lights, dresser and closet with sliding mirror doors. Open doorway to en suite.

The covers were turned back. The lamps on the bedside tables were dimmed. She sat me on the edge of the bed and leaned down to kiss me.

"Wait her baby."

She returned from the bathroom, her fur open and a big fat pink strapon cock leading the way. She recognized the look on my face. "Oh, baby, you don't want this? I'm sorry."

"Um, if it's what you want."

"I've got what I want." And she took it off and tossed it.

She bent down and kissed my lips. She stroked my hair. She lifted the collar of my coat and cuddled it to my ears.

"Lay back sweetie, cuddle in your fur. Let me make you happy." She spread my legs and sank to the carpet. "Relax and enjoy."

I've never had an experience like that. I cuddled in the soft fur, I relaxed and closed my eyes. She lifted my legs over her fur clad shoulders after alternately kissing from my knees to my crotch. Her fingers and lips sent me to heaven. Her fingers and tongue. My whole mind was consumed with pleasure. She gave me the most extreme orgasm I'd ever had.

Next thing I remember our furs were over the foot of the bed and we were cuddling.

"Chrissy, I mumble mumble." And she slipped off to sleep. I soon followed.

I woke up alone in her big bed. It was still night. I slipped into 'my' fur and went looking for June.

She was looking out the family room's sliding glass door at the yard. The snow was a dusty pink, lighted by the reflection of the city lights on the full cloud cover. She was wearing her turquoise robe. I slipped my arms around her waist. She picked up my right hand and kissed it. 

"Chrissy, dear, we have to talk about this."

Oh oh!

We sat together on the couch.

"I'm a happily married woman. I love my Jack. I'll never leave him. I've never cheated on him. And he's never cheated on me. A woman knows. Our sex life is great. Then Brenda brought you to me.

"As soon as I saw you, you know, that side of me..."

I took her hand. She looked so lost. so forlorn. "Tonight was wonderful. I mean it. You're wonderful June. I would never want to hurt you. I don't want to ruin your marriage. I'll leave, and no one will ever know our secret. I'll always remember tonight."

"No,no. That's not what I meant. Please. I, we, look. I don't want tonight to be a one night stand. Can we, I mean, can we keep seeing each other? I want to keep seeing you."

"God. I was hoping you'd say that. I want to keep seeing you. We can be discreet."

Then I blurted out, "I love you." And I meant it.

That was several years ago. Twenty seven months next Thursday, actually. June couldn't deceive Jack. They are both still married and madly in love. He never wants to meet me, but is OK with our relationship.

Brenda and I have both graduated. She's working at an upper end art auction house and engaged to a wonderful, wealthy older man. She doesn't know about her mom and I, but wondered why I wanted her fur coat, and how I knew about it. It's now mine.

I work as the junior scientist in a medical lab.

June is waiting in my bedroom in my apartment. I'm about to surprise her with this big purple strapon I'm wearing.

The happy ending.