 Preamble

Hi, and thank you for choosing my story. I hope you will enjoy it. 

If you do, please be kind enough to give a score at the end. This helps me to gauge the popularity of my work. - If I may - I usually like to suggest, one star each for: 

Composition & Use of Vocabulary, Readability, Plot, Drama or Humour,  and of course Sexual Content (because -- isn't that why we are all here?), but please feel free to use your own criteria if you prefer.

Also, if you would like to know a little about my personal background, please read my Brief History. 

******************

Tags:18 Year Old, Lesbian Incest, Lesbian Sex, Lesbian Threesome, Older Woman.

******************

Words: 16,895 

******************

Please consider the preamble for Part 1 as an integral part of this episode. Also, as with most of my work, there is a lot of background and character building in the early stages. For this reason, some aspects of this part will be better understood by reading episodes in sequence.

In this part, Macey stays for a sleepover weekend with Angie, and gets more than she bargained for. 

CAUTION  

This episode contains detailed descriptions of scenarios involving Lesbian Incest and sex under hypnosis. Also, please note that whilst there are no descriptions of sexual activity involving characters under the age of 18 years, there may be implications of this. If you feel you may be offended by either scenario, I respectfully suggest you should skip this section.

******************

Title: After School Delight: Part 3 - Angela's Family Secwets.  

The next two days seemed to drag -- I so wanted it to be Friday evening, so I could at last spend a whole night, kissing and cuddling with my beautiful Angie. I just wanted to fuck her and fuck her, all night long, pleasuring her like she'd never imagined. 

I must have been moping at home. My mam asked me what was the matter and I told her, "I just can't wait for Friday, so I can stay over with Angie." 

"Don't wish you life away dear," was her simple reply. So much sense in that, of course, but when you're impetuously looking forward to something special, you just don't think of anything else. 

When Friday eventually arrived, I was beside myself with excitement. All that day I could hardly think of anything else, and even in the showers after Games we stayed near to each other, discreetly peeking at each other's bodies as we took our time to wash. By the time the school bell rang to mark home time, I was so excited I was getting ridiculously wet. 

Angie and I walked the ten minutes to my home hand in hand, and as soon as I got in, I left Angie to talk with my mam while I went upstairs. 

"I'll just change out of my uniform and I'll be ready," I called, as I took the staircase two steps at a time. 

While I was getting out of my uniform, I decided to check how 'fresh' I was. I wasn't! I knew what Angie and I would very likely be doing soon as we got to her house, so I slipped into the bathroom and gave myself a quick wash. I didn't want her thinking I was a dirty little girl. 

I chose a lemon coloured sleeveless cotton dress that zipped up the back, but I couldn't quite reach to pull it up. "Almost ready," I called, running down the stairs. "Can you zip me up please? ... then we can go." 

My mam was still in the kitchen, out of sight, so Angie took her time with the zip, caressing the back of my neck and all around my shoulders. I got the feeling that if we had been completely alone, it would have been travelling south instead of north. 

"Forgotten something?" she asked as we were about to leave. 

"I'm not taking books this weekend, if that's what you're thinking." 

"Not books... Clothes?" 

"Oh my God," I laughed. I ran back upstairs for my bag. I had packed it the previous night and left it in the corner of my room, ready to pick up when I got back, but what with going for a wash, and changing, in my hurry to get going I had forgotten to pick it up. 

Eventually we left, and we walked hand-in-hand for the entire fifteen minute journey to Angie's house. 

On the way, we got to talking about Ges. "It's her birthday next week isn't it?" I asked. 

"That's wight. I asked you if you can come to her party next Fwiday. You hadn't forgotten had you? She would be so disappointed." 

"No, of course not, but I was just wondering. Why doesn't she go to our school? Surely she'd be in our class if she's 18?" 

"She goes to a special school." 

What do you mean, special? What's special about it?

"Ges has..." she paused, "Special needs." 

"She 'seems' bright enough," I commented. 

"Oh she's bwight enough alwight, but she has pwoblems with... I'm not weally sure how to explain it." 

"Try," I told her. "Don't worry. I won't judge," I smiled. 

"OK... Well... she doesn't always understand when something is... appwopwiate?" She said it as if she was asking a question, but the inflection was to ask if I understood - I didn't. 

"Help me out here," I said. "Just pretend I'm a bit dense and I don't know what the hell you're talking about," I laughed. 

"What do you mean 'pwetend'," she laughed. 

"Ooohh! You!" I squealed, giving her such a whack across the arm. 

"OK," she explained. "You and I are lovers. Yes?" 

"Right," I agreed. 

"So, if we met in public, say... in a shopping mall, and we gweeted each other, we'd pwobably give each other a hug, maybe a peck on the cheek?" She waited for my response. 

"Agreed." 

"... even though we'd been doing something far more... intimate, in pwivate." 

"Ooo... Kay..." I said slowly, starting to get the picture. 

"If you and Ges were lovers... if you two had been intimate in the same way..." 

I felt myself colouring up. 'IF?' I thought, casting my mind back to last Thursday night in the darkness of the alley. 

"Ges wouldn't understand that you shouldn't do that sort of thing in public. She'd put her hand down your pants without a second thought." 

'Not a lot unlike your mum maybe?' I thought, but I kept that idea to myself. "So what's she like at her school then? How do they cope with her?" 

"She has to be under constant supervision. One time my mum had to go and fetch her fwom school because she'd been in a cupboard with one of the boys. The way I heard it, they caught them with his pants down and her legs awound his waist. The boy got expelled, and the only weason Ges didn't, was because my mum complained to the board of governors that Ges had been put at wisk through their negligence." 

"Wow," I breathed softly. "So, do you think maybe I shouldn't come to the party then?" I asked, feeling unsure if there might be a repeat of last Thursday night in the alley. 

"Oh yes. Of course you must come," she pleaded. "Don't wowy. Mum or I will be with you all the time." 

"That's what I'm afraid of," I laughed, running off again before she could whack me. 

As we got to her road, the lads from two doors along were loading their van. They were all eyeing us both up as we approached. 

"Hello boys," Angie greeted them, with one of her cute, demure little smiles. "Where are you playing tonight? 

"Reading," the tall blonde guy replied. "Staying over. Would you like to come?" he asked, studying us both intently. 

One of the others nudged him. "We have a guest along for this ride," the mousey haired lad told him. 

"Yeah, but look. I'm sure we could find room for those two." 

"Maybe another time," Angie called as she pulled me along into the alley. 

"My God," I heard one of them say, "I could fuck those two all night long." 

"Shhh," the other one said." They'll hear you. Anyway, we have plenty to keep us occupied for tonight. Don't be greedy." 

"Hello Mum," Angie called as we went into the rear outhouse. 

"Hello darling," she called back. 

"Guess who's coming to stay for the weekend?" Angie announced, sliding her arm around my waist as she pushed me forward. 

Angie's mam was wearing a floral pinafore to protect her clothes at the sink, but as she slipped it off, I could better appreciate her shapely body in the figure-hugging red dress she was wearing. It was the first time I'd seen her in anything remotely smart looking. Her hair was tied in her usual pony tail and she leaned forward to stroke my hair. I thought she was going to kiss me, but if that had been in her mind, she refrained at the last moment. 

"Oh, hello Macey," she smiled happily. "I'm so glad that you could come today. And you look so 'cute'," she said, gripping me firmly across the shoulders and raising the pitch of her voice on the word 'cute', "but why did you change your clothes? I always think there's something so sweet about a pretty girl in a school uniform." 

"I had to go back for my change of clothes, Mrs Bolton." 

"Oh, please don't call me that Macey. I've told you before, my name is Jennifer, but I much prefer to be called Jenny by my friends." 

"OK Mrs Bolton." She looked at me sideways. "Sorry... Jenny!" I corrected myself, giving her a bashful smile. 

"There! You see!" she said, with a bright smile. "Now we're friends," she added, bending to give me a hug, and holding me for several seconds, and as she did so she kissed my ear again. Angie looked at us and sighed, but I couldn't help thinking it felt nice. 

We sat in the lounge and watched some cartoons, while Angie's mam prepared some food for us all. We had stuffed mushrooms and pork slices with green beans. 

"I hope you're not Jewish," she joked as she put the food out. 

"I'm not even a proper Catholic," I laughed, and she turned to look at me, quite intently, but in a pleasant sort of way. 

"Hmmm... A Catholic schoolgirl," she mused, smiling. "How... delightful," she added, in a quiet, thoughtful way. 

We all sat down to eat and it occurred to me that Ges was absent. "Where's your sister?" I asked of Angie. 

"Geraldine has gone to stay with some friends for the night," her mam answered for her. 

"Oh, that's a pity," I replied. "I wanted to thank her for inviting me to her birthday party." 

"Oh well we can tell her," Jennifer offered. "Will you be able to come?" she asked, looking hopeful. 

"Oh thank you. Yes please. I'd love to come, but I was hoping to be able to tell her myself." 

"Well, not to worry," she said. "Maybe you'll see her on Monday if you still want to come to tea again." 

"Of course, I would love to, if I may," I replied. "Why would I not want to come and visit you all?" I asked. 

"Oh, you're such a sweet young lady," she told me, smiling broadly. 

"What do you think she would like for her birthday?" I asked. "What sort of things does she like?" 

"Oh you needn't spend your money on gifts for Geraldine," Jenny told me. 

"Oh yes! Of course I must. Please tell me what she likes." 

"My Little Pony," Angie said, squeezing my hand. 

"Does she have many then?"

"Only a couple. She's always coming in and playing with mine," Angie added. 

"Oh really?" I smirked, then realised that my wicked little innuendo may not be acceptable in front of her mam. "You'll have to show me which is her favourite," I added quickly, trying not to let Jennifer see that I was being saucy. 

"Well, don't go spending too much, will you." 

"Just enough to get her favourite," I smiled. 

We sat in relative quiet during the meal, but several times I noticed Jennifer looking at me. I touched my mouth, wondering what she was looking at. I wondered if I had something stuck to my lip or my face, but I couldn't feel anything. A few minutes later she was watching me again, and I was beginning to feel quite self-conscious. 

"Have I got some food on my face?" I asked. 

"Oh, I'm so sorry darling," she said. "I was just admiring your lips," she smiled. "I was thinking, what sweet little lips you have." 

"Oh? I replied," giving Angie a puzzled look as she shrugged. 

"Did you know the French translation for 'little lips' is 'petites lèvres'," she told us. "In Italian it's 'piccole labbra'," she went on. "That's similar to another word we use in our language... but you probably wouldn't know that," she smiled. 

I looked at Angie. 'Where did that come from?' I wondered. 

"Can we go up to my room now?" Angie asked, when we had finished our tea. 

"Oh no," Jenny begged. "I was hoping we could all sit together for a while and chat. I've hardly spoken a dozen words to Macey in all the times she's been here, and..." she added, turning to me, "I would so like to get to know you a bit better." 

We helped with washing the dishes, then went back to the lounge, and we all sat together on the sofa, with me in the middle, watching a few more cartoons. Then Jennifer put on a recording of a raunchy old movie called Wild Things. It was about a couple of American schoolgirls who had accused their guidance counsellor of rape. I won't spoil the plot in case you haven't seen it, but there was this scene about half way through, where the two girls were made to kiss and then they have a threesome with the counsellor. As we were watching it, I noticed Jennifer kept looking toward me a lot of the time. She seemed to be studying my reaction, or maybe she was watching Angie - I couldn't really be sure, being sat between them. 

During the heavy scene, I turned to look up at Jennifer to tell her, "I wouldn't be allowed to watch anything like this at home." 

"Oh, we do lots of things here that you probably wouldn't do at home," she told me with a saucy smile. I decided I liked it here. It made me feel quite emboldened to enjoy some relatively new found freedom with Angie and her mum. 

After the film had finished we just sat together on the sofa, talking. "Did you enjoy that Macey?" she asked. 

"Oh yes Mrs Bolton. It was really exciting." 

"Oh please. We know each other well enough now, don't we? Please call me Jenny." 

"OK Jenny, I smiled." 

"There," she smiled. "Now we're properly friends," she said, giving my hand a squeeze. 

"Do you like naughty films then?" she asked.

"I'm not sure. I suppose it depends on how naughty they are." 

"Well," she replied, in a low, seductive voice, "that depends on how naughty you are, doesn't it," she added, giving me a wicked little smile and squeezing my knee playfully. Angie wasn't smiling though. She looked mildly irritated. I was a bit surprised at Jenny's openness, but it felt good that finally someone was beginning to treat me like an adult. 

"Do you like them then? I asked, inspired by her receptive manner. 

"Oh Macey, you have no idea," she told me. "You have simply no idea," she said, bringing her face close to mine and stroking my cheek. 

"Mum!" Angie finally challenged her. 

"I'm just answering Macey's question darling," Jenny reasoned. 

I felt it rather odd that Angie would even consider admonishing her mother in that way. In my house the parents' authority was unquestionable. 

"It's so nice to be all sat together watching TV," Jenny said. "We all used to sit together and watch cartoons and old cowboy movies when the girls were little," she sighed. She seemed to gaze out pensively into an invisible distance. "Oh, I do miss my little girls," she sighed. 

"Mum. We're both still here," Angie said, sympathetically. 

"I know baby, but I liked it when you were tiny... like Macey is now," she added, smiling wistfully at me. It made me feel good that she would enjoy my presence, even if it was just my tiny stature that made me little more than a surrogate for her children, who were now both young adults. 

"Do you know what would make me feel better?" she announced, brightly. 

"What's that?" we both asked, almost together, then we laughed because it sounded almost rehearsed. 

"You could call me Mama if you like?" she told me. 

She looked almost hopeful, and I felt a little embarrassed as Angie responded with another, "Mu-um!" and an irritated sigh. 

I looked at Angie in surprise. 

"It's OK," Jenny told us, "I just miss my little girls calling me Mama," she said, looking pensive. "Ahhh..." she sighed, "Children grow up so quickly, and I sometimes wish they were still my sweet, innocent little girls," she confided. 

"Would you really like that?" I asked. Angie rolled her eyes back, clearly stupefied at the turn of events. 

"If you called me Mama? Oh... Yes," Jenny sighed. "It would mean so much to me." 

She seemed so enthralled by the idea. I thought it was sweet, and it was such a small thing to ask, so I decided to humour her. I had no idea what was to come. 

"OK... Mama," I replied, smiling. 

"Oh Macey, darling, that is so sweet of you," she smiled, giving my hand a squeeze. "Oh, you're such a little angel. I love you," and she gripped my shoulders and gave me a hug and a kiss on the cheek. 

We sat together watching the TV and the next program to come on was lots of silly things that people do, and get caught on camera. I had forgotten that it was a recording. 

One part was about people who had been hypnotised and made to do daft things like trying to eat soup with a fork, or run around a chicken coop to catch the chickens. It was quite funny and we were in stitches, until the recording suddenly ended. 

"Oh, that's a shame," I said. "I was enjoying that," I said, still laughing. 

"Do you believe in hypnosis then?" Jenny asked me. 

"I suppose so," I told her. "I've seen it done on TV, but I've often wondered if it was all put up." 

"I wonder..." she mused. "Do you think that, when they hypnotise someone, the subject knows what is happening while they are under." 

"I hadn't really thought about it." 

"Mu-um!" Angie complained, more insistently now. 

"Don't be difficult now Angela. Mummy is just asking what Macey thinks about it." 

"It's OK Angie." I don't mind. 

"Some people think the person knows what they are doing," she went on. "Others say they forget everything that happened. What do you think Macey?" 

"Mum. Please stop it." 

She looked at Angie sideways, but continued. "The truth is, no-one can be hypnotised to do something they really don't want to." 

"Oh. That's interesting. I didn't know that," I told her. 

"So... How about you?" she asked. 

"What about me?"

"Do you think you would make a good subject?"

"I really have no idea," I laughed. "Why? Do you want to hypnotise me?" I asked, still laughing softly. 

"Would you like me to try?" she asked. She seemed serious. 

"Mum. Please?" Angie complained again, but her mam seemed determined, and I couldn't see the harm. 

"It's OK darling. I'm just asking Macey if she would like to try," she reasoned. 

"It's OK Angie. It might be fun." 

"There! You see Angela! Macey thinks it will be fun," she smiled excitedly. "OK. Let's have a try then," she said, "and afterwards you can tell me if you remember anything." 

"OK," I laughed. 

She turned to her left to face me, and made me twist around to face her. "Now," she began. "Start by looking into my eyes." I sat there and stared into her eyes, as she directed. 

"Now, concentrate. You have to trust me." 

"OK," I replied, trying to stifle a giggle. 

She looked at Angie and raised her eyebrows. "OK... Now listen carefully. You will do as I say... do you understand?" 

"Yes," I replied, nodding. 

"Call me Mama, darling, and reply each time after I address you." 

"Yes Mama." I felt a giggle coming on, but she looked at me, deadly serious, saying, "Try to be serious now Macey. It can't work if you don't take it seriously." I tried to concentrate and push the comical thoughts to the back of my mind. 

"Look into my eyes. You're feeling sleepy." 

'Oh yes,' I thought. 'How many times have I heard a hypnotist say that?' I didn't really think there was much chance she could succeed, but I did begin to feel a little drowsy. Perhaps it was the big dinner we'd just had, and the room was very warm. Perfect conditions for an early evening nap, I sniggered to myself. 
