 My name is Lorna. I'm a 28 year-old African-American woman and I work as a supervisor in an upscale hotel here in the Big City. I'm 5'7", 135lbs with long black hair and light brown eyes. I work out to keep my 34B-25-36 in tight shape. Guys love my ass but I guess my favorite part of me is my nipples. They are long and thick and so sensitive. My boyfriend can make me cum just from licking and sucking them during foreplay. I keep my bush neatly trimmed but I do not shave, I tried it once and it was a disaster so I keep the hairs cropped very short and I shape it. Obviously I'm not a virgin. I've been dating the same man (a white man) for five years.

So anyway. One night we were at work and it had been snowing all day and the conditions were brutal out. The Hotel was going crazy because people were checking out and then finding out flights had been cancelled. I had been working the reservations desk with Tony, a very good looking married guy. He was one of the few "straight" males that worked in the hotel. There were several rumors regarding Tony and some of the female coworkers, Tony and I were friends and I had asked him about the rumors and he always denied them. I had also heard a rumor that he was very well endowed, I never confronted him on that one.

We were going crazy until 9PM when Donna (our boss, the Rooms Division Manager and a bitch) called down and asked us to stay until 11PM then she would get us a suite for the night since travel out of the city had become impossible from the 14" of snow that had already fallen and was still falling. It sounded fine to me, I'd done it in the past during bad weather. The hotel was all suites and gorgeous and usually in these emergency situations you shared a room with one or two other coworkers. I agreed and asked Tony who hesitated but finally agreed.

By 11PM we were both tired from our 15 hour days and I just wanted to go to my room and shower and hit the pillow. We went to the front desk to get our keys and one of the guys behind the desk joked that I was staying with Donna and Renee (from the sales office) in the biggest suite in the hotel (besides the Presidential Suites). "Does it have a bed?" I asked him "because thats all I care about." Tony and I walked to the elevator and he said now was my chance to get some brownie points. I slapped his arm, knowing what he was implying. You see, rumor had it that our lovely, bitchy boss went both ways. He got off the elevator on the 22nd floor and I went up to the 45th.

I knocked before I entered and opened the door and went into the livingroom. It was a large suite with a king sized bed in the bedroom and a sofa bed in the large livingroom. I saw a bottle of champagne on the table and two more in a large silver ice bucket. Donna came out of the bedroom wearing a large, fluffy bathrobe, her hair wet from a recent shower. She greeted me with a warm smile that I don't think I had ever seen in my three years there. She told me "welcome to the party" and informed me Renee was in the shower but I could go next. She said there was an extra robe in the bathroom and that if I wanted, I could put everything I was wearing in the laundry bag because she was going to have the valet take our clothes. "I'm going to have him wash our delicates and press our clothes so we look presentable tomorrow" I nodded and she poured me a glass of champagne. "We're gonna have a slumber party tonight" she laughed. I have to admit, I was very suprised by how nice and how sweet she seemed. You have to understand, her nicknames included "bitch" and "ice queen", those were the nicer ones.

Renee came out a few minutes later, she was wearing the same type of robe and her short red hair was also wet. She smiled and gave me a hug and I could swear she was a bit drunk already. "I'm gonna get to watch my first porno tonight" she said to me excitedly. Now Renee wasn't a classic beauty. She was pretty in a porcelin doll kind of way. Her hair was red (natural) and her skin was milky white. She had a descent body, her bottom was a little bigger then the rest of her skinny body but definitely not fat. Her face would be considered very beautiful if not for her narrow but longish nose. She had very pretty blue eyes though. She was 22 and had moved to the big city from Des Moines, Iowa. She was such an innocent. I wondered if she were a virgin. She would turn red and get embarassed when sex was mentioned. Here she was, anxious to watch one of the in-room adult movies.

"Go ahead and shower" Donna said, "I ordered some snacks from room service. Hurry so you can be out and eat while the foods still hot" I smiled and went into the bathroom. It was steamy from the two previous showers but as I peeled off my business suit and then my pantyhose and panties and bra, I felt good. My nipples had already stood up on full alert as I stepped into the shower. I was washing all the tension out of my aching body and started to think about Ray, my boyfriend and how we always had great fuck sessions on Friday nights since he lived out of state and only came in on the weekends. I would be missing a good fucking tonight. I spent a little extra time soaping my nipples but stopped myself short of getting too hot.

I put my things in the bag (panties and bra and pantyhose) and noticed the pink, lacey underthings in the bag. I knew they belonged to Donna because she was big chested (34D I noticed on the tag). I may not have mentioned it, but Donna was as pretty as she was bitchy. She was 30 and in great shape. Her breasts were really awesome and you couldn't help peaking at them when she talked to you. She wore sheer blouses ocassionally and always wore lacey bras. Tony would joke that she needed a good fucking to knock the bitch out of her.

I wrapped the warm robe around me and for a moment I felt odd being completely naked underneath but I told myself it was like going to the gym or the spa. I had no trouble being around naked women then. The food had just arrived and was set up on the small dining table in the livingroom. Donna told us to have a seat and she gathered up all our clothes and called down for the valet to come pick them up. We ate assorted appetizers and drank from one of two bottles of wine that were braught up.

By 12:30 we were finished snacking and halfway through the second bottle of wine. I was feeling a little buzz and Renee was drunk, only Donna seemed uneffected. Renee ran to the livingroom couch and turned on the TV and punched up the menu for the hardcore movies. They had both softcore movies, like the ones they show on Playboy, and about 45 titles of the real nasty stuff. I watched some porno with my boyfriend so I wasn't offended at all by it. In fact, it usually worked as great foreplay and I could get very wet and aroused watching a good porn.

We gathered on the huge, soft couch and Donna turned the lights down low and we watched the movie on the 35" TV. It started with a woman masturbating, then two guys walking in on her and fucking her. We were quiet for the first fifteen minutes the movie was playing. Then after the first scene, Donna asked Renee if she sucked a lot of cock over there in Iowa? Renee's white skinned blushed deep red and she told us she never did that.

"Are you a virgin?" Donna asked and she had paused the movie. We listened to Renee meekly descibe that she was not a virgin, that she dated a guy for two years and they had sex but he thought oral sex was dirty. We talked about sex for a few minutes and Donna suprised me when she said "I bet Lorna loves sucking cock" I was silent for a second, then I saw Renee looking at me intently. I smiled, letting them both know that I did.

"I'm torn" Donna said and she was standing now pouring us all some wine, "I do love a nice cock, don't get me wrong. But I love a sweet, tender pussy too... makes me crazy thinking that no tongue has ever touched yours" Donna looked right at Renee and the shy redhead turned away. Donna put the movie back on.

We watched in silence again, two more scenes and two more beautiful women sucking and fucking good, hard cocks. I was wet by now and I was a little drunk and I was so damn horny by now. The movie was stopped and more wine was poured. The next scene was a beautiful woman with large breasts. The premise was she was interupting her husbands poker game to wipe the table clean and masturbate for the guys. Eventually the four men had thier cocks out and were stroking them. The "wife" was using a vibrating dildo and when she came she squirted all over the green felt. "Wow, a fellow squirter" Donna said aloud to no one and everyone. One by one the four guys jerked thier spunk all over her lovely tits and the movie was over, fading to black as she licked her fingers clean.

"You can do that?" Renee asked.

"Me and my pocket rocket can" and that started a conversation on masturbating, something Renee also claimed to never have done. We were debating on watching another movie, it was 2 AM and we all had our second wind. There was no denying the sexual energy in the room. I knew Renee had no real sexual experience except for her one lover in college. I had a half dozen lovers in my life and enjoyed most things but I guess I was "normal", not too adventurous. I was a big fan of fucking and oral sex, I masturbated frequently too (having a long distance relationship will do that) but I never had a threesome or public sex or never had a lesbian experience. I did fantasize about other women, but only alone and only with my "silver bullet" vibrator.

Renee seemed very curious about this "pocket rocket" and Donna asked her if she wanted to see it. Renee seemed suprised that she would have it with her at work. Donna told her that was the beauty of the pocket rocket, it went anywhere you did. She went into the bedroom and came out with a small satin pouch, like an eyeglass pouch and handed it to Renee. We watched her remove the pocket rocket and she said it was "so small" and Donna explained it was the most powerful vibrator in the world and having it rub against her clit always cause a "wet orgasm".

I got up to pee and I couldn't believe how wet my pussy had become between the movie and the conversation, I was on fire. I let my finger slip in my wetness and was debating giving myself a quick cum when Renee knocked hard on the bathroom door and told me to hurry out because Donna was going to show us how the pocket rocket worked. I wiped my dripping pussy and put the robe back on and joined them in the livingroom.

Donna had cleared off the glass coffee table and was sitting on it, Renee was on the couch in front of her and she patted the couch next to her and told me to "hurry". I sat down and we were all giggling and the mood was very relaxed, yet very sexually intense. "If I'm going to do this, masturbate for you girls, then you have to give me something too". Renee suddenly looked scared and I wondered if she was going to ask us to do something sexual for her, I was horny and I had fantasized about women, but I wasn't sure I was ready to take the full plunge.

"I'm going to be naked so I want the two of you to also be naked. No bathrobes allowed."

Renee and I seemed relieved and I stood up and opened my robe and let it fall to the floor. My nipples were like dark chocolate treats and they were so hard, nearly 3/4 of an inch. Both women took in my naked body and I turned slowly to show Donna my ass, "now thats a perfect booty" she said and gave each cheek a squeeze before spanking one. I had never been spanked and was suprised at the jolt it sent straight to my pussy.

We watched as Renee suddenly shy, removed her robe. Mmm... would you look at that" Donna said. I knew what her eyes were drawn too imediately. Renee had a very full bush of flaming red hair that contrasted her milky white skin so nicely. She sat down quickly though and crossed her legs. I looked at her breasts then. They were almost the same size and shape as mine. They differed in that my areolas were all nipple, dime sized and hard and wrinkly. Renee had puffy areola, the entire pale pink circle seemed to be swollen. She was a very sexy girl.

Our eyes went back to Donna and she seemed to enjoy the attention we were giving her. She sat back and opened the sash of her robe and slowly, teasingly lowered it from her shoulders and exposed an absolutely perfect set of big tits. The words "silver dollar" came to mind when I saw her areola's. Her nipples weren't long but were thick, like the tip of a thumb. They were a medium brown color and she had sexy goosebumps all around. Then the robe came off completely and Renee and I looked at her. Her pussy was beautiful, I know, it feels wierd saying that and it was even wierder to think that but her pussy was completely shaved and smooth. The puffy lips were swollen and her clit was poking from its hood, you could already see how wet she was. Her outter lips were so puffy and I looked at her pussy with an intensity I had never given when seeing a mans cock for the first time. I began to wonder if something would happen besides masturbating.

I sat back with my legs together but not crossed. Renee had her thighs closed tight, her legs crossed and just her thick red bush poking through. Donna was giving a narrative on how she liked to masturbate and was touching her niplles, rubbing them and pinching them and squeezing the entire round orb. She lay back on the table and time stood still as she performed for us.

She was putting on a show for us in the beginning but as she played with her tits and pussy and even rubbed a wet finger over her tiny asshole, she was doing it more for herself now. Her desire to cum getting greater and greater. I rubbed my own thighs together and felt my dripping pussy but refrained from touching it just yet. Renee was staring wide eyed at Donna's hot pussy and Donna was now putting the pocket rocket into her act. I gave my tits and nipples a full squeeze as Donna was now moaning and telling Renee how close she was to cumming and to get ready if she wanted to see her squirt. Some how Renee took that as an invitation to move closer to our boss' pussy.

I jumped, startled when Donnas pussy just squirted. First a thick burst like a mans cum then a more watery splash, then another and another. She stopped squirting but kept cumming, her body was tense and shaking and her cum lasted a full minute. Renee had gotten a little too close and had gotten "hit" with Donnas ejaculate. She looked at it, I thought she would taste it but she didn't. She just touched it and giggled. I didn't know much at that moment, just that I needed to cum.

Donna licked the little vibrator clean and held it out and asked if anyone wanted to borrow it? I didn't see Renee reach for it so I did. I sat back and opened my legs wide and just put the vibrator right on my clit. I pinched my sensitive nipples so had and in less then 30 seconds I was cumming like an animal, making loud, grunting noises. It was incredible, I'd masturbated with several different vibrators but this little baby packed an overwhelming punch! I was breathless, sweating and happy when I finally came down.

Donna stood and held out her hand to Renee who took it and she started for the bedroom and told me to join them (as if they had a point by now). I followed and Donna set Renee down on the bed and motioned me to the other side. Renee lay back but her legs were still closed quite tightly. She was clearly excited and clearly nervous about what was about to happen to her young body. Donna ran her hands over Renee's baby smooth legs and I was soon doing the same. Up her thighs and over her red bush and to her belly button before we each took a tit and started to massage it gently. Renees eyes were closed and slowly she started to relax and open her legs.

Donna asked me if I would rather hold the vibrator on her clit or taste that sweet pussy... I liked the look of that pussy but I guess I wasn't ready to take the plunge just yet. Donna couldn't wait though. She opened Renees legs and started eating that red bush. I didn't even have to use the vibrator, I just sat back ad watched Donna bring Renee to a screaming orgasm. Donna kept her mouth attached to young Renees pussy and seemed to drink her dry. The three of sat there in post orgasmic bliss, but the night wasn't over... it was only 3AM.