 It was snowing in Chicago. Actually, it was a downright blizzard. All traffic in and out of the airport had been suspended indefinitely. So basically that meant I was stuck working late until it was safe enough to clear out the passengers (after what happened last time, we'd just coughed up the money and put everyone in hotels).

At least I had Colleen helping me, so things weren't too bad. I was actually still in training, so I was grateful for that fact. I was also shocked when they had sent me over here to Midway instead of doing it at my home airport. I was even more shocked when I found that Colleen still worked there, and that she was to be in charge of my training.

So obviously, the first thing I got out of the way was all the "I saw you on that reality TV show; you were awesome" crap. She just smiled and took it quite well; I'd imagine that she got fed shit like that all day. Of course, I'd never told her about the stupid pointless crush I had on her; I had tried that before on previous jobs and it had never worked out well. 

Anyways, so we were stuck in the gate area. I was sitting on the floor behind the podium, blankly watching the people that were starting to pass out on the floor in front of me; Colleen was in charge of fending off the occasional passenger that came up to bitch that they weren't allowed to go outside yet (we were informed that it was just snowing too hard to subject anyone to it).

Lost in thought, I idly stared up at my supervisor. Colleen, who looked to be in her mid-forties, was a few inches shorter than my 5'9" and maybe a few pounds heavier. I didn't think anyone could make an airline uniform look quite so good: khaki pants; a white button-down dress shirt which she seemed to fill out nicely; and a navy sweater-vest kind of thing over the shirt. Her blonde hair was pulled up in a giant clip but a few strands had fallen out of the back and barely touched the collar of the sweater. 

"Not bad," I thought, and a tingle ran down my spine. I didn't think I looked bad myself either: I only weighed around 180 lbs, and my shorter dyed red hair complimented my blue eyes. 

Eventually another supervisor and an employee came up to the gate. "We're still going to be stuck here for a few hours," one of them said, "so we were told to send you guys on your 1-hour breaks."

"Cool," I said, standing up and stretching.

"Hang on, I'll come with you," Colleen said. "I don't want you getting ambushed."

The other supervisor leaned over to Colleen and said, "There's an empty plane over at C5... we cleared all the passengers out of that area, so if you guys want quiet for a few minutes..."

"Sounds good to me," she said. "What about you?" she asked me, smiling.

"Sure... why not?"

We went and punched out for break, then headed over to the C terminal as quick as we could. There was, as promised, nobody over at C5, aside from a lone flight attendant stuck watching the jetway. "Break?" she asked us.

"Damn straight."

Colleen laughed at me as I literally ran down the jetway and onto the plane. "Finally... I am so freaking stressed out right now," I sighed, plopping down into a seat near the back of the plane.

She looked at me sympathetically. "It'll get better," she said. "Most days are nothing like this."

"I hope so."

I hit the button to recline the seat, pulled the armrest up so I didn't whack myself on it, and stretched again. "I shouldn't have sat on the floor for that long... my back is killing me," I grumbled.

Colleen sat down next to me. "Here, turn towards the window," she instructed me. I did as she told and was surprised when I felt her hands on my shoulders. "Standing all day would do this anyways," she said while massaging my shoulder blades. "It's another thing that happens a lot here."

Oh, she was actually touching me. I really tried to keep as quiet as I could, but just the simple action of her rubbing my shoulders was starting to turn me on. I stifled a groan as she moved lower down my back. Eventually I couldn't take any more and pulled away a little.

"Thanks, that feels a lot better." Colleen took her hands off my back; I sat back up straight. "You're welcome," she said, giving me a quizzical look. Great, she must have noticed the slightly glazed look in my eyes. I looked down, blushed, and stared out the window at the snow for a minute.

"I'm not stupid, you know," she eventually said in a low voice; I felt a hand on my knee.

"I'm sorry, what?" I turned back to face her.

Colleen had a strange grin on her face. "Slide closer to the window," she said. I did and she followed, hand still in the same spot it was before.

She leaned really close to me and whispered, "I know how you feel. I can see it from a mile away."

"Really? I'm sorry," I said, and tried to get up.

"No. Wait," she said, pushing me back down.

I stared at her, confused.

"Why didn't you say anything before?" Colleen muttered, slowly sliding her hand farther up my leg.

"I thought...."

"Don't you know the saying not to judge a book by its cover?" She slid her right arm around me, and with her left hand, traced a finger up the inside of my thigh. "How else would you find out that I like to switch sides every once in a while?"

Holy crap, she was bisexual. "I really had no idea," I said, managing to smile at her.

Colleen smiled back at me. "Let me show you what you've been missing," she whispered huskily. Her brown eyes stared deeply into mine for a moment; she then softly kissed me.

I carefully returned it, placing a hand on her shoulder, then hesitantly moving it down to grope her breasts. After about a minute or so, she pulled away and grinned at me again, pushing the other armrest up and pulling me across her lap.

She kissed me again, this time a little deeper. "We don't have a lot of time, unfortunately," she muttered in between kisses. Her hand resumed trailing up my thigh, then rested momentarily at the top. "So I think we're going to have to make the best out of the situation."

I had a feeling what was coming next; Colleen grabbed my hand and placed it between her legs. "Go, honey, I'm halfway there already."

I slowly started to stroke her through her pants, gradually increasing to a harder, faster pace. Colleen pushed the armrest back down on her left side and grabbed it, spreading her legs wider. I couldn't help but kiss her one more time.

"Ohh, fuck," she moaned. I had never heard her curse before, and it turned me on to no end. I pushed my hand into her as hard as I could through her pants; even though they were dark I could see a small dark spot growing under my hand.

"God, you know how long I've wanted to do this?" I whispered. I reached my free hand up and fondled her breasts again; even through the sweater, I could see her nipples harden.

Colleen moaned again, then bit her lip to stifle the rest of it. "God, please don't stop..." She reached down and unzipped her pants, then managed to stick a finger underneath my hand and started furiously rubbing her clit. 

"Fuck," she groaned again. I decided that I wasn't helping matters much, so I got down on my knees, put my head between her legs, and gently blew on the ever-widening wet spot in her crotch.

She pulled her finger out suddenly and placed my hand back where it was previously. "Go... I'm... oh," she stammered as I continued stroking.

Colleen groaned deeply, "Oh, shit, I'm coming," and arched up into the air. I kept my hand on her the whole time; she bucked a few times, moaning, holding on to the armrest for dear life. She then collapsed back into the seat and sighed.

"Wow," she sighed, still trying to catch her breath. She opened her eyes and smiled at me weakly. "That.... was really good."

"You're welcome.... my turn?" I asked shyly, leaning in and kissing her briefly.

"I know, I know..." Colleen teased. She sat back up and zipped her pants back up, then checked her watch. "I hate to put all the pressure on you, but we're down to 20 minutes....think you still have time?"

"Now that wouldn't be fair, would it?" 

She raised an eyebrow at me. "I guess not." 

I laid back across the row of seats and folded my arms across my chest. "Well?"

She just laughed at me and lowered herself so that she was literally laying on top of me. It felt wonderful like that, our bodies pressed together, kissing her like we'd known each other for years. Colleen eventually, slowly, ran her hand down my side, across my thigh, finally stroking a little more deliberately where my legs met. I groaned into her mouth and pushed myself up against her hand.

"I'm no good with my hands," she whispered into my ear.

I felt hands at my waist, fumbling; then clothes being pushed away, then leather against my backside. "So... I'm going to just have to use other parts of my body, aren't I?" Colleen continued. She grinned at me lustily, kissed me one more time, then knelt on the floor and started in on me with her tongue.

I could see from the beginning that this wasn't going to take very long. She had already developed a pattern which involved heavy stimulation of my clit; and damned if she wasn't really good at what she was doing. I buried a hand in her hair, pushing her head farther down into me. 

"If I had known... that you were going to do this, oh..." Pleasure shot through me while I was speaking. "...I would have returned the favor," I finished, stifling a moan into my sleeve.

Colleen picked up her head momentarily. "Oh, there'll be time for that later," she said. 

Fueled by the prospect of there being more of this, I reached my own climax suddenly, hands sliding across the leather next to me, thankfully managing to reduce my vocalisation to a string of curses. 

"Wow... thanks..." was all I could manage to say at the moment. I helped Colleen up off the floor, then we sat there for a moment in silence, trying to put our uniforms back together as best we could.

"I guess we should get going," I said quietly. Just then whoever had been watching the gate stuck their head inside the plane and yelled, "Hey, they're finally letting everyone go!"

"If that's not good timing, I don't know what is," Colleen said to me. "Come on, let's see how fast we can get these people out of here."

We punched back in and headed back to our gate, where there was predictably a mob of people waiting for hotel vouchers who hadn't gotten them before. Since I didn't really know how to handle this difficult of a situation, I stood back and carefully watched my colleagues sort everything out, which took a lot less time than I'd expected. 

Once the last passenger was headed down the concourse towards the exit, I let out a long sigh. "I wasn't even behind the counter, and that was insane."

I pretty much just got laughed at. "That's nothing, you should see it during the holidays," one of the other employees (I couldn't read her name tag from where I was standing) said.

"I told you... you need to get used to stuff like this..." Colleen said jokingly, grabbing my shoulders and shaking me.

I laughed again. "Can we leave now?"

"Absolutely." 

The other two people that had been working the gate went to punch out; for some reason I felt compelled to stay with Colleen while she made sure everything was finished for the night.

"Do you need a ride?" she asked me offhandedly.

I hadn't thought of that. "Um, yeah, probably... I don't think any of the hotel shuttles are running anymore," I commented.

"It's cool, I'll drive you." My stomach flipped at the thought of being totally alone with her again.

After about another half hour it was determined that everything was settled; I think we were among the last people out of the airport. It amazed me how fast the whole place had been vacated.

A few police officers wished us goodnight as we headed outside and towards the parking structure. It had already started snowing again; I pulled the hood up on my coat.

The structure was still pretty jammed from earlier, and on top of that, the elevators weren't working. 

"Fuck, the last thing I needed was stairs right now," Colleen complained as we trudged up six fun flights of them to the employee level.

"I know," I replied. 

At the top I didn't notice a giant patch of ice and almost slid right into one of those concrete pillars that blocked the stairwell from the cars. I grabbed onto the top of one as I felt Colleen's arms slide around me, helping me steady myself.

I turned around. "Are you okay?" she asked me, still holding me. She kissed me briefly and then smiled; both provided a much-needed shot of warmth.

I looked around, panicked that someone might have seen us.

"I didn't see anyone, otherwise I wouldn't have done it," she laughed. 

Colleen pointed over to a far corner of the lot and we headed over there. Eventually we came across her car, a black SUV. She hit a button on her keychain to unlock the doors; we got in and I was instantly thankful for newer cars warming up faster as Colleen turned the car on and the heater instantly hit me in my frozen face.

"I hate snow," I muttered.

"Who doesn't?"

"People who don't live here all the time, I'd imagine."

As Colleen made her way down through the parking structure I noticed that I could barely see outside in between the levels. I wasn't hallucinating: when we reached the bottom we were greeted with near-zero visibility. 

"Where are you staying?" I told her the name of the hotel and she turned out of the structure accordingly. We inched along for a few blocks; Colleen turned her windshield wipers on to try and fend off some of the snow. 

It wasn't helping much.

"Shit... I don't know if I can drive in this." She slammed on her brakes at a red light, nearly rear-ending someone that was waiting in front of us. "I didn't even see that car."

"How far away do you live?" I asked.

"When it's not snowing like hell, about a half an hour. In this weather...." The light turned green and the car from before didn't move. Colleen honked and it slowly inched forward.

Eventually we reached my hotel; there wasn't anyone watching the parking lot so we pulled in. She found an empty spot and left the car running for the sake of leaving the heater on.

I looked out the window; on top of the snow, it was now starting to get really windy. Somewhere in the back of my head, I got an idea. Actually, it was more of a Good Samaritan kind of thing, but with what had happened before, it was taking me a long time to spit it out. 

I took a deep breath, let it out slowly, and turned to look at Colleen. "Don't take this the wrong way... but, um, this weather sucks, and if you really feel that you can't drive, um, there's nobody else in my room..." I let my voice trail off and stared down at my hands.

She fished in her coat pocket and pulled out a cell phone. "Well, first let me see..." She flipped it open, cursed again, and shut it off. "I should have known I couldn't get a signal."

Colleen shut the car off and looked at me. "I guess I don't have a choice."

As fast as was humanly possible, we managed to get out of the car and inside the building. The front desk clerk gave me a strange look as we walked across the lobby; I think after a week of coming in alone she wasn't expecting me to be with anyone else, let alone another woman. I just smiled in reply and hit the button for the elevator.

Shortly I had unlocked the door to my room; we entered and I locked up behind us. Thankfully while I'd been working housekeeping had been and tidied up a bit, otherwise I would have been ashamed of the mess I'd left this morning.

I walked across the room, turned on a few lights, and shut the curtains. "I'm done looking at this stupid snow for tonight," I said.

Colleen walked over to where I was standing and laid a hand on my shoulder. "I really appreciate this, you know."

"Not a problem...I mean, you saw it outside. There was no way I was going to let you drive any more in that," I replied, "and besides..."

I took the initiative and stepped closer so that our bodies were barely brushing against each other. I looked into her eyes and whispered, "I was kind of hoping we could finish what we started earlier."

She slid her hand off my shoulder and once again encircled me with it. "I was kind of hoping you were going to say that," she replied in a low voice.