 This is porn, not erotica. This wasn't written to waste your time, leading you down a long path of whatever-the-fuck-happened before two people FINALLY decided they want each other. Yuck!

This is not fiction. This is real. If you read it and don't like it, I'm real sorry about that...I'm only telling you what happened.

As with everything I post here, unless I state otherwise, this is a true account of sex between my wife Blue, and I, and it happened very recently. A FEW lines in it MIGHT look like we're dom/sub. I assure you we are not.

One more thing, my lovely readers:

Some people can't believe a woman can cum so much. "Preposterous!" "Not credible!" 

I can't help that. If it turns you off, I'm sorry. I'll tell you this: we happen to like it a LOT. Blue and I are both that way...it's one thing that first turned us on about each other. 

I did get a request from a reader for an account of when Blue and I first met, along with our first sexual encounter. Blue and I have started writing that together and I look forward to posting it!

*****

Ever wake up so fucking horny, so know very well you can't get out of bed until you cum like hell? I mean, every muscle in your body is quivering...your entire body is trembling? 

Whether you're male or female, alone or not, your hand goes right between your legs before you even open your eyes?

I woke up, and even though Blue was beside me, and before even getting my eyes open, I had my legs spread, my knees way back with my feet off the mattress and two fingers buried in my pussy...

I really didn't want to wake Blue...I pushed my fingers as deeply into my pussy as I could...I inhaled hard and tried not to squeal. I just kept them there and wiggled them, my body already trembling.

My pussy was soooooooo sloppy-wet. I get extremely wet so easily...I could feel my juices flowing out of me and my fingers were making squishy-sexy sounds while playing with each other and hitting the walls of my pussy...

Fuck! I was hot as hell!

When my hot juices flowed between my ass cheeks, they burned my opening...my body jumped hard and I squealed softly... 

I removed one of my fingers and pushed the finger I had inside me deeper...ever deeper...trying to reach the back of my pussy. I still had my knees tucked back with my legs spread wide...I was breathing harder now...my head back...my eyes closed...hot jolts of pleasure ripping through me and every muscle trembling...

I used my other hand to collect my juices and I spread them on my tummy...FUCK, that made me even hotter...

Then, I felt a hand on my ass...

...With my finger swirling around the walls of my pussy, I turned and looked into Blue's eyes...she smiled and kept rubbing my ass...she scooched closer and slid her tongue to my ear, then spoke with her hot breath on me...

"Cum for me, my hot lover...be my slutty bad girl...I'll hold your ass in the air and watch your sweet cum flow down your tummy."

Fuck! She knows I LOVE being her own personal slut!

She lubricated her finger and slid it between my ass cheeks...she played with my opening while holding my ass in the air...hard shocks of pleasure were shooting through me...FUCK...she knows how to treat my body!

"Pleeeeeeeeeease fuck my ass, Blue...make me cum hard...take my ass and make me know you own it, baby."

Blue purred deliciously for me. "Sunny's ass belongs to Blue!"

Then, in one motion, she did the two things that make me cum without even touching my pussy...

Still with my knees back and Blue holding my ass in the air, she bit my shoulder and fucked her finger waaaaaaaay into my ass...

I SCREAMED OUT LOUD AND CAME SO FUCKING HARD!!

My body was going insane and a river of girlcum flowed from my pussy and down my tummy, flooding me! I cum so fucking much, but more than usual that time!

When my orgasm finally ended, Blue kissed me deeply and got lots of my cum, spreading it on her body. I watched her and got VERY hot all over again...

I gently rolled her onto her back and slid on top of her...my thigh slid between hers...I could feel her pretty pussy throbbing against my skin!

I propped myself on my hands with my thigh against Blue's silky-smooth, soaking wet pussy...it felt so hot against my skin! I looked in her eyes with my ass-length hair all over her...

"Tell your slutty fucktoy what you desire, my precious love...you know I'm your own personal hot little whore...I will do anything baby wants done...anything."

Blue looked into my face with sexy, hazed over eyes and was breathing hard...she pulled my hair to get me to her mouth and kissed me ravenously, trying and trying to get more of my lips and savagely fucking my mouth with her tongue. She whimpered over and over with pure and urgent need...

"Oh...Sunny...fuck...fuck me...make me cum...HARD!"

I rubbed Blue's hot, swollen pussy harder with my thigh, my breath on her lips...

"Would baby like to get on top of me and feed me your pussy? Then, I want you to cum all over my body like I did for you. Would baby like that?"

"FUCK YES, SUNNY! FUCK MY PUSSY WITH YOUR MOUTH!"

I slid down between her legs, took a handful of my hair and tormented her pussy with it...

Her body was shaking hard...she was so close to cumming...

"SUNNY! YOU FUCKING PUSSY TEASE!! MAKE ME CUM!!

I giggled and held her body, rolling us over with her on top...I slid down between her legs, grabbed her ass and roughly pulled her pussy to my mouth...

"Feed me your pussy, Blue! Fuck my tongue!"

I held onto her ass and she fucked my mouth, screaming out loud! Her juices flowed into my mouth and down my throat...I fucked her with my tongue and sucked her, sliding my finger between her ass cheeks...

"SUNNEEEEEEEEEEEEE! CUMMING! CUMMING BABY! FUCK ME!"

I slid up so her pussy was over my body and fucked her furiously with my fingers...she suddenly came VERY hard and poured her wonderful cum all over me!

"FUCK YES, SUNNY!!"

Still under her, I slid back down under her pussy and sucked the rest of her cum from her pussy, kissing it all over...

Blue's body tensed up from the extra attention I was giving her pretty pussy...her body jumped a little each time I sucked on her. She pulled her pussy away from my mouth and I slid back up to her mouth and kissed her so, so deeply, then she spread her cum all over my body while smiling at me...

"I love you, Sunny."

"I love YOU, my precious Blue."

We got our musk oil and dabbed it all over each other, then didn't shower...we spent the day wearing nothing at all, as always, no matter what.

We don't wear clothes unless we go to town. We have no use for them inside or outside because we live on 6,000 acres in the middle of nowhere. Blue doesn't care for the sun, but I am addicted to it and have to sun my body...my tan is all over...my breasts, my ass and my bald pussy and it's very dark...I've put a lot of work into it. 

Later that day, I went outside by the pool to get my sun...I get horny as hell lying there with the hot sun on my oil-drenched body, and I ALWAYS have to fuck myself...

Unless...oh yes...my hot Blue comes out to do it for me...

My hot baby joined me outside...nude, of course. You expected otherwise? No...not us...if we're home, we're naked as the day we were born.

I was asleep, covered with LOTS of oil, my body glistening in the sun. I awoke to the feel of Blue massaging my oily, swollen pussy lips, sending intense pleasure through my body.

I could feel her breathing on my ear...her breaths were deep and hot...

"My my my, Sunnybuns...such large pussy lips you have. I'm dying for you to wash off that suntan oil so I suck on them real hard and make you cum in my mouth..."

"Ooooooooohhhhh, Blue...fuck, yes!"

"Hmmmmm...perhaps, you like to fuck that hot pussy on one of my ass cheeks and let your burning cum flow down between them and soak my pussy..."

"Fuck! Blue! Pleeeeeeeease get a few of your fingers inside me right now!"

Blue giggled and got my hot, enraged clit between two of her fingers. I screamed and raised my ass in the air...I urgently grabbed her hand and tried to stuff two of her fingers in my hungry pussy...

"Baby! Fuck my pussy! Make me cum!!"

Blue propped herself up on one hand, kissed me ever-so-deeply with her tongue fucking my mouth...then spoke very close and vey hot against my lips...

"You don't think baby came out here empty-handed do you? I brought something to fuck my hot slut with..."

"Oh yeah...baby...make me your fucking hot slut...fuck yes!"

"Ooooooooo...you belong to Blue and Blue belongs to Sunny...and I'm going to take possession of my hot woman right now..."

Right then, Blue slipped our ten inch by two inch toy sooooooooo easily into my sloppy-wet, oily pussy. My body went insane!! 

My pussy swallowed it right up...I dug my nails into Blue's back and pushed my pussy toward the toy, urging it deeper...deeper...hot whimpers of pure pleasure coming from my throat...

"All the way, baby...fuck yeah...hit the back of my pussy HARD! I can take it!"

My baby got on top of me with her ass and pussy facing me...she grabbed the oily toy with both hands and started RAMMING it into me...fucking at the back of pussy so, so hard!

I grabbed her hips and roughly pulled her pussy to my face...she pushed it at me and I buried my mouth in her pussy, savagely tongue-fucking her! She screamed so fucking loud! She was going to cum all over me any second!

...The harder Blue fucked me with the giant toy, the harder I sucked her pussy...her juices were flowing so heavily, my mouth couldn't contain them! Though I swallowed and swallowed, I had Bluejuices flowing down my cheeks to my neck!

Maybe that's why she was pounding my pussy so hard with the awesome toy...it stretched my pussy so fucking well and I screamed each time it hit the back of me! My oily pussy was so wet, the toy made loud, sloppy noises as she fucked me! My back was arched with my body's building earthquake...Blue's body was a mass of shaking and trembling! 

I opened my mouth against her pussy and screamed!

FUCKFUCKFUCK! FUCK ME, BLUE! MAKE ME CUM!

Then, both our bodies spasmed and went fucking insane...we were cumming together! Blue was fucking amazing, still fucking me all the way through her hard orgasm! I fucked her with my fingers and sucked her clit, letting her delicious cum flow down onto my body!

After our forever orgasm passed, both our bodies collapsed...mine relaxing down onto the mattress, hers relaxing down onto mine. 

"Oooooooooohhhhhh...baby..."

"Oh...fuck...Sunny..."

Our bodies still reversed, I wrapped my arms around her waist and gave her pussy lots of sloppy-wet kisses...she gently slid the toy from me, slid her hands under my ass and smothered my still-dripping pussy with little sucks and licks...

"My Blue...you're so fucking perfect...so perfect..."

Blue turned around on my body and wrapped me with her arms and legs...we kissed soooooooo deeply, whimpering and purring to each other.

"You WOULD be perfect, Sunny...IF you weren't all greasy and stuff right now, and you got ME all greasy and stuff, too!"

"Really? Well, let me fix that for you, sweetheart."

I picked her up in my arms and walked to the edge of the pool.

"Put me down, Sunny! I hate the pool!"

"Ha! I know you do! But hey, you're all "greasy and stuff"! You have to go in!"

I tossed her in the water...only 4 and a half feet deep. I did a racing dive, very shallow, then dove underwater and rose between her legs...I pulled on her pussy a few times with my lips.

I heard her scream while I was underwater...she grabbed my hair and pulled me up...

"I love you so much, Sunny!"

"I love YOU so much, Blue!"

Thank-you for reading!

My love love all,

Sunny