 Note: It's been a few years since I last wrote, so this will be a quick 'warmup' effort before I begin a much longer story I have in my mind. Enjoy!

*****

The only good part of finding myself in my mid-thirties was the fact I could afford to live in a nicer condo. I moved in a couple years ago and quickly determined I was one of the youngest single residents. That was fine, but opportunities to make new friends were few and far between.

I decided to become active in the condo association by volunteering for the 'social committee.' One of our duties was to deliver welcome packets to new residents. What better way to meet people, right? Little did I know.

One of my first assignments was a couple who moved into unit 444. I knew nothing about them other than their names, Doug and Beth. The day after they took possession of the condo, I dutifully rang their doorbell with my welcome packet in hand. When the door opened, I was looking up into the face of a man around forty years old. I was so used to delivering the packets to retired couples that he had to see the surprise on my face.

"Can I help you?" he asked.

"Yes. Hi," I stammered. "My name is Traci and I'm with The Oaks social committee. I wanted to deliver your welcome packet and answer any questions you may have about the community. If there's a better time, I can leave the packet and come back later."

"Not at all," the man said kindly. "My name's Doug. Come in."

It was early evening and he was dressed as though he hadn't been home from work long. Suit pants and a button-down shirt, minus tie, gave the impression of an office worker. He was not a strikingly handsome man, but had a pleasant face and nice body.

As we passed the kitchen and walked toward the family room, he asked if I wanted a drink. I declined and Doug motioned for me to take the couch. He sat in a recliner with a half empty glass of what looked like whiskey on a table next to him. He took a drink while I explained what was in the welcome packet. He gave no impression of being interested, so I put it aside when I was done.

"Tell me what I need to know about The Oaks," Doug said.

"First of all," I replied, "is Beth home?"

"Oh, no. She's at work. She'll be home in a couple hours."

"Maybe it would be more convenient if I could talk to you both," I suggested.

"We could arrange that," Doug said calmly. "But, tell me about you."

We quickly exchanged glances and I considered how to proceed. I'm old enough to recognize when a man might have more than small talk on his mind and, for some reason, this struck me as one of those times. I decided to play along until I felt even more uncomfortable than I already did.

"I'm in 390," I began. "I'm a paralegal and may, or may not, decide some day to enter law school."

"Are you single?" Doug asked, taking another drink.

"Yes."

When I didn't add anything to that, he said, "I'm sure that's by choice because you are very attractive."

"Everything I do is by choice," I answered abruptly, already feeling more uncomfortable. "Marriage has never appealed to me."

"But you like men, right?"

"I tolerate them," I replied.

Doug smiled and put his near-empty glass down.

"I like you, Traci. I like women with an attitude," he said, confusing my rudeness for boldness.

"I really do need to go," I said, standing. "Tell Beth to contact me if she wants to meet."

Doug stood and walked toward me faster than I could make my way to the door without jogging. My back was to him when I felt his hand on my arm. I froze in place.

"Don't go," he said calmly, his face just inches from my right ear.

"I have to...," I began.

He forcibly turned me around to face him. The look on his face scared me and I tried to pull my arm free. His grip tightened and he moved closer.

"We have plenty of time, Traci. Stay for a while and I'll show you what a real man can do to you."

The smell of alcohol was overwhelming and I turned my face away.

"Let me go," I demanded.

Doug tried to kiss me, his mouth landing on my cheek instead. He pushed my hand to his crotch and I could feel his hard cock.

"See what you do to me, Traci?"

"Let me go before I scream."

Doug finally released my arm, but moved both of his hands to the front of my t-shirt. They brushed against my tits as I turned.

"You'll come back," he said. "You won't be sorry when you do."

That was the last thing I heard as I rushed out the door and back to my condo, shaken but in one piece.

About twenty-four hours later, my doorbell rang. I rarely get visitors and my mind flashed back to the episode with Doug. I prayed it was not him as I opened the door. Instead, I saw a cute, petite woman with short blonde hair smiling at me.

"Hello," I said.

"Hi. Are you Traci?" she asked.

When I nodded, she said, "I'm Beth. Do you mind if I come in for a moment?"

"Not at all. I've been anxious to meet you," I told her.

"Same here," Beth told me as we walked into my condo. "I believe you were at our place last evening and I missed you."

"Yes," was all I said.

We sat on the couch.

Beth said, "I really appreciate the stuff you brought us. It's all very useful."

"Thanks," I told her. "I hope it helps you get settled."

"It will."

After a short pause, Beth said, "I also want to apologize."

"For what?" I asked.

"For anything my husband might have said or done," she said. "He starts drinking when he gets home from work and sometimes...well, sometimes he's not...the same. I hope he didn't..."

"It's alright, Beth," I said. "I'm a big girl. I understand."

"If I can make a suggestion," she said contritely, "try not to be alone with him again. It may not be...safe."

I smiled. "You don't have to apologize for anything, Beth. But I will take your advice."

"Good. We haven't made any friends, yet, and I'd hate to lose one right off the bat."

"Speaking of which," I said with enthusiasm. "A week from Wednesday we are having a wine tasting party at the clubhouse. You guys should come and meet some of the neighbors. We hope to have a good crowd there. The official invites should be going out tomorrow."

"That sounds great, Traci. I'll definitely plan on it."

We chatted for a while before I said, "How did you meet your husband?"

I saw a slight blush cross Beth's face and she answered, "Well, it's not something I'm real proud of and some people don't approve."

"I won't judge," I assured her.

"I'm a few years younger than Doug and we worked together," she began. "At least, he was a supervisor and I was a peon. When he started to pay attention to me, I was flattered. I was just a kid. He asked me out and I said, 'I thought you were married.' He said he was, but was going to get a divorce, blah, blah, blah. I mean, I was so stupid, Traci. We went out a few times and it got...physical, you know. Six months later he actually got a divorce."

Beth grinned and said, "Well, damn. Now he's asking me to marry him and I thought, 'Sure. He's rich.' So, we got married. That's when I truly found out about his drinking."

"It was a problem?" I asked.

"Hell, yeah. He can't stop. Then he gets...aggressive."

"Does he hurt you?"

"Oh, no. I mean, I've never had to go to a doctor or anything," Beth said. "He's just rough."

"And you're not into that," I said.

She shook her head. "I put up with it. I'm not really sure why, Traci. It's so weird."

"Still, you don't leave him," I said.

For the first time, I saw emotion on Beth's face. Her lip quivered and she told me, "I...I can't. I'm afraid to. I'm afraid of what he might..."

She burst into sobs and I moved over to put my arm around her. Beth cried for a while on my shoulder before making any attempt to regain control. Finally, she was able to say, "I'm sorry, Traci. You're the first person I've ever talked to about this. Not even my family. I just can't...I'm so confused by the whole thing. I don't know what to do."

"Just know I'm always here for you, Beth," I told her. "You are welcome to come here any time of the day or night. I'll always let you in."

"Thanks," she sobbed. "That means a lot."

That was my introduction to Beth. Not only did I find her undeniably attractive, but now I also felt an obligation to help her out of her personal Hell. I thought about her day and night; the pain she possibly had to put up with every single day when she got home from work. I tried to convince myself it was her fault for not leaving, never having been in a similar situation myself.

I didn't hear from her for a week. Then the wine tasting party arrived and I prayed Beth would be there. Residents slowly trickled into the clubhouse and soon it was filled with the sound of constant chatter. It was a larger crowd that I had expected and half an hour after the first bottle was opened the room was packed.

Then I saw her. I was focused so intently on Beth that it took a moment to notice Doug standing near her, talking to another woman. I was hoping to get Beth's attention without having to go over there and interacting with Doug. Luckily, she saw me. I motioned for her to come to me.

"Hi," she said cheerfully when we were together. "Nice party."

"Thanks. I'm happy with the crowd so far. I'm so glad you came."

"Wouldn't miss it," Beth said.

"Do you mind if we go back to another room and talk for a second?" I asked her.

"Sure," she told me.

"Do you have to tell Doug?"

"Nah. He's talking to his favorite neighbor. He'll never know I'm gone."

I smiled and led Beth through a side door and into a room we use more as an office, with a few chairs, desk, and filing cabinets. I closed the door.

"What's up?" Beth asked.

"I've been thinking about you," I said. "A lot."

"You don't have to worry about me, Traci," she said. "I'll be fine."

"Of course I worry about you, but that's not what I meant. I think about you in other ways, too. Nicer ways."

With an awkward grin, she asked, "What do you mean, Traci."

I stepped closer and put my hand on her arm, saying, "I think about what it must be like to live with Doug—to live with someone who doesn't provide the tenderness that you need. I'd like to help you, Beth."

As my hand moved up and down her arm, her eyes met mine.

Beth said, "I..I'm not sure what you..."

Before she could finish, I leaned forward and kissed her gently on the lips. It lasted only a second and she seemed frozen in place. I kissed her harder and she braced herself against the desk behind her. The kiss lingered and Beth gave no indication that she urgently wanted it to end. Only when I passed my tongue over her lips did I feel hers in return.

"I want to make you happy, Beth," I whispered.

"You don't have to do this, Traci. I've never...I mean...been with another woman before."

I smiled. "It's time you try it. Not here...now...but soon, Beth."

I kissed her again and she accepted it without hesitation. Our tongues met quickly. I heard Beth quietly moan and my hands explored her body. I pulled her closer. Our breasts pressed against each other as the kiss went on and on with ever-increasing intensity. I put my hand on her hair and held her head in place to finish the long, sensual embrace.

We looked at each other after the kiss, our faces inches apart.

"I want you to come visit me when you have time, Beth. Will you do that?"

"I'll...think about it. But I better get back now."

I kissed her on the cheek and we returned to the party. We didn't talk for the remainder of the evening and I assumed that I had, once again, pushed a woman too far in the beginning. I had a long history of doing that. But Beth was so adorable and I felt so sorry for her that I couldn't help it. Another lesson learned, I figured.

The next night there was a knock at my door. I was thrilled to see Beth standing there, asking if she could come in.

"Is everything alright?" I asked while we walked to the living room.

"Yes. Kind of," she responded. "I just wanted to talk to you."

As we sat, I said, "If it's about last night at the party, I owe you an apology and I hope you..."

"Shut up, Traci, and listen to me," Beth said. "I can't stop thinking about that. It was so nice. So different from what I'm used to with Doug. I don't blame you for a thing. I just...you know...I wanted to talk to you some more."

I was truly relieved and told her, "Sure, Beth. Go ahead."

"Well, I'm not sure where to start," she said. "I've never done that before with a woman and I...I probably didn't seem interested. But I think I am now, Traci. I just don't know."

She was clearly nervous and I moved to the couch, sitting close to her. I put my hand on hers.

"It's OK," I assured her. "I felt that way, too. I'm glad you aren't mad."

"Not at all," she said. "Just the opposite. I think I want...more...and I want you to be the one."

"You know what I found most difficult at first?" I asked her.

"No. What?"

"The thought of another woman seeing my body."

Beth giggled, turned to me, and said, "Oh my God. That's EXACTLY what scared me the most when I decided to come see you. I can't believe it."

I smiled and told her, "My first girlfriend had a great solution to that, although it didn't seem like it at the time. Want to try it?"

Beth nodded.

"Stand up," I said.

"Now take off your clothes. All of them," I told her.

"Oh shit, Traci."

"Do it."

Beth's hands slid up and down her hips as if she was trying to dry the palms on her shorts, which she then unbuttoned and unzipped. Pale blue panties came into view as she gradually inched the shorts lower and lower. As I had hoped, Beth's thighs were perfectly shaped without a hint of fat. Soon, I would get to see her little ass.

But first, Beth lifted her shirt over her head. A matching bra hid the tits I had felt in the clubhouse and had waited patiently to see. She tossed the shirt aside and glanced at me as if pausing for my approval before going on. I smiled and very slightly nodded.

Beth unhooked her bra and pulled it down her arms. I couldn't help but stare at her flawless tits-the firmness, the little upturn, the pink nipples. They would be mine in a moment if all went well.

Beth only hesitated for a second or two before pushing down her panties. Her pussy was neatly trimmed and the short, light-colored hair was barely noticeable.

"Very nice, Beth," I said softly. "Very nice. Please turn around."

As she pivoted in place, I stood up and moved to her. She flinched a little when I put my hands on the bottom of her ass and traced the soft skin around the edges of her cheeks. My hands moved up both sides of her slim body until reaching her tits. I moved until our bodies touched. My palms crossed over her erect nipples.

"It took a lot of courage to do that, Beth," I whispered into her ear. "Especially for a relative stranger like me. I appreciate it and I love you for it."

"I wanted to...for you," she replied. "Your kiss that night was...incredible."

I began to step around to face her, inspecting every inch of her luscious body.

"Kiss me now," I told her.

This time, Beth was the initiator and more aggressive one when we embraced. I could sense the passion flowing from her lips, tongue, and hands as they explored my waist and ass. We were both moaning by the time it was over.

I leaned down and put my mouth around the tip of one of her tits. I took in more and sucked harder. My tongue flicked over the nipple and Beth sighed with delight. Before stopping, I lightly bit the nipple and Beth giggled quietly.

"I have one more request," I told her.

"I'll do anything."

"Undress me."

"I think that's only fair," Beth said as she lifted my shirt.

Piece by piece she stripped me until we both stood naked, our hands traveling everywhere on the bare skin. When I thought she was more comfortable with the situation, I pulled her head toward my tit and let her lick it. Soon, I could let go and Beth was willingly sucking on my tits while her hand rubbed my pussy. I was in heaven and I think she knew it.

With the hardest part completed, it was time to convince her she had made the right choice. I told Beth to lay on her back on the couch. She looked incredible stretched out in her nudity. Her tits rose gently from her chest and her pussy begged for attention between her silky thighs. I got on the couch between her legs.

"It's time you found out what love can REALLY be like," I told her.

I lowered myself onto Beth's body and gently settled into a comfortable position. We began to kiss and our legs intertwined. I could feel her warmth. Our arms wrapped around each other and we rolled onto our side, the kiss continuing more naturally than any we ever had. I could feel the moisture building in my pussy, but it would have to wait this time. This was Beth's moment.

I kissed her chin; her neck; her shoulders; and, finally, her breasts. The nipples rose until they were bright red buds. I worked my way down her body, my tongue sliding past her navel and onto her hip. I kissed the inside of one thigh and then the other. Beth instinctively spread her legs a few inches when my mouth moved closer to her clit.

I heard her moan the instant my tongue slid up her pussy. Her entire body shivered when it hit her clit. I lifted Beth's ass off the couch and pulled her closer to me, my mouth engulfing her clit and sucking on it between licks. I never wanted another woman to cum so bad in my life and I wasn't going to stop until she did...maybe more than once.

I reached up and put a hand on her tit. The hardened nipple was a good sign and I squeezed it softly.

"Oh my God, Traci. Yes!"

So, I licked her clit and squeezed her nipples for a couple more minutes. Then I sensed she was closer to an orgasm. I put her clit between my lips.

"Yes. Right there! Harder!" Beth said.

She was practically fucking my face now. I held her by the ass and tried to stay in contact with her clit through her various movements. Beth begged for more and I gave it to her.

Soon, it began.

"Now. Traci, now! I'm gonna cum!" Beth cried out.

She was right. Her little shrieks matched each thrust of her pussy onto my face as the orgasm built. I clasped a nipple between my thumb and finger and squeezed it as hard as I could. Beth nearly screamed with delight. She came over and over again as my mouth and hands tortured every sensitive spot they could find. When I thought she was almost done, I drove my tongue deep into her pussy and I think she managed to cum one last time.

Finally, she tried to pull away and I backed up, looking into her face. Her eyes were shut tight, but the grin on her face and the disheveled hair told me everything was alright. I crawled up and rested my body on hers, just letting her recover.

"I've never felt like that," Beth whispered. "It was fantastic."

"You'd do it again?" I asked.

"Give me a few minutes," she laughed.

We didn't end up doing anything more that evening, but I felt it was successful and I was anxious to see what Beth did next. Was it a one-time experience? Would her marriage to Doug cause her to feel guilty?

The answer came three days later when Beth once again appeared on my front porch.

"What a nice surprise," I said, letting her in.

"Doug thinks I'm shopping," she said. "But I already found what I want."

Before I knew it, she had me pinned against the wall, kissing me passionately and slipping her hands inside my shirt. A second later, I felt my shorts being opened. Beth finished the kiss and pulled down my shorts and panties in one swift motion.

After tossing them aside, she looked up at me and said, "I owe you one."

Her head went straight to my pussy and I eagerly spread my legs for her. For a woman who supposedly had no experience, Beth instantly found my clit with her tongue and began to stroke it with enough pressure to make me stand on my toes at the exhilaration. With an audible moan, I put my hand on her head in case she had thoughts of leaving the area before I came.
