 The telephone rang just as I was ready to go out for a day of shopping.

"Hello. HI Dana, so good to hear from you!

"I thought you had forgotten all about me since our so wonderful meeting two weeks ago."

"No, believe me, Arlene, I can never forget our time together. I have rerun the entire time over and over.

"I am taking the day off from work, no clients, no briefs or contracts today. May I meet you, come to your home, or perhaps just have lunch somewhere? 

I flashed back to our first meeting, quite by chance at a local bookstore. She reached for a book I also wanted to look over.

Dana is a mid 40's professional, a lawyer, wife and mother. Prominent in the community, in fact I had recognized her from her photos in the Society pages of our newspapers, though did not mention it at the time. Elegant, even when dressed down in simple wool skirt and sweater, she seemed embarrassed to look over the book, I knew she could never buy it for herself and offered to make the purchase if she would come to my home to collect it. It was a paper bound volume of Lesbian Erotica with a history of that art and fiction from the mid 20th century to date of publication in 2002.

As she considered, looked me over with the skilled eye of someone accustomed to making quick decisions of importance, she hesitated. I felt her eyes take in my 5'8" frame, my simple cotton skirt and sleeveless blouse. She paused as she noticed my small breasts were barely visible beneath the dark green cotton.

I thought then she had taken me for a fellow bi curious married woman, somehow missing the fact I wear no rings, nor jewelry except for a simple rainbow pendant which at the time was tucked between my breasts blending with the green of my blouse.

"Please, Arlene?" she asked.

"Dana, I am taking a day for myself also, shopping at Southridge Mall. If you would care to join me? I would enjoy your company."

I admit, perhaps I seduced her, or felt her desires before they were fully formed in her psyche. The fact she was looking into specific fiction, or perhaps even more specific literature, or study material to satisfy a subconsious need, really was not my consideration when I made the offer. I am openly lesbian though, perhaps of the 'lipstick' variety. I wear my sexuality with pride.

When I invited her to my home I felt only a will to form a new friendship, I know we are from vastly different social strata, and the fact she is married was also a bar to feeling a lasting relationship could develop. I have had affairs with married women in the past, two in fact. Both ended badly, one in divorce, five losers in the bargain. I try to be a free spirit, lese faire, with no emotional entanglements. It has served me well in my 35 years, 17 as an identified sexual woman.

Coffee, showing her my library, the small art I have, released her desire. 

Our first kiss was more a surprise to me than Dana. 

We enjoyed a long afternoon of sexual exploration and demonstration.

Always present was her ring. That symbol of her vows to her husband, the bond with her two children. She reveled in the unbridled sensuality of our love making, but when she left, I knew I would either never hear from her, or have to make decisions about our potential commitments.

And today she telephoned. 

As her trained and analytical mind took over her voice steadied.

"Yes, Arlene. I would be delighted to spend the day shopping with you."

"Shall we meet there?" I asked. Barring our meeting at my home, making it clear we shall shop and not be sidelined.

We agreed to meet at the entrance to the Boston Store. I expected it to take her at least an hour to drive from her northern surburb, but she said she was on her cell and nearly there.

I looked at myself in the full length mirror and decided to change clothes. 

I found a mid calf silk skirt and matching blue blouse. I changed to blue thigh high nylons and French lace panties and bra. Sliding into a pair of slingback three inch heels I once again looked at myself in the mirror and nodded that I was satisfied that we would at least appear compatibly dressed. A wool serape around my shoulders and I set off to meet Dana, my auburn hair free in the late Spring breeze.

She was standing at the entrance of the Boston Store. I smiled as I noticed she was dressed down again. A linen suit, Prada purse and shoes not less than $300. A huge smile completed her ensemble. 

"Dana, you are beautiful," I said as I took her hands in mine and kissed her lips at the entrance door.

I felt rather than saw her eyes dart around, but she relaxed and allowed our lips to linger, not overt, but perhaps a bit too long for a simple greeting.

We pushed into the busy store and started a pleasant day of power shopping.

Clothes, perfumes, stopping in tiny shops for potpourri and soaps, the day flew by.

Lunch had been at the food court, my treat.

Before leaving, Dana asked me to wait for her as she wanted to buy a little something at the mall jewelry store. I watched her from across the hallway, noticed her present her Black AMEX card. She received a small wrapped box and walked to me. We trod, tiredly, to the entrance and out into the late afternoon sunshine.

Our arms laden with packages, I walked with her to her silver Mercedes, she somehow managed to find her keys and released the trunk to receive her armload.

"You may as well put your packages in here too, Arlene. We are going to your home," she said with not a trace of doubt.

I dumped my parcels and bags into the spacious, ultraclean trunk with a little grunt. I turned to Dana and once again felt a welling of desire for her, casting aside those suspicions she was simply looking for a dalliance. What matter anyway? I was aroused, and felt an oozing looking into her deep blue eyes.

I took her into my arms and kissed her briskly, this time with no darting eyes, but a fully reciprocated deep kiss.

I turned and walked to my car two aisles over, the serape hiding my swaying hips somewhat, my silk skirt swishing against my nylon encased legs.

A quick drive to my apartment building and we were soon in the foyer of my home.

As the door clicked shut I walked to the living room and deposited my packages on the chair just inside the wall.

Dana had left most of her purchases in her car. Only a tiny bag from a select lingerie shop and her purse. The purse, though of fine leather was incongrously large, and seemed overfilled. She had been careful not to leave it open long in any of the stores and placed it next to the sofa rather than on the table.

I felt a hunger, though and paid little attention to her actions. As soon as I had tossed off my serape I stood behind her and drew my arms around her waist, nuzzling her neck and planting tiny kisses on her ear. Flicking my tongue I wetted the shell of her ear, tugged on the lobe with my teeth.

Her hands reached back and pulled me to her, grinding her butt against the silk of my skirt. Low moans escaped her lips. I unbuttoned her blouse, the late afternoon sun streaming in casting our shadows on the wall. 

I tweaked her nipples through the lace of her bra. Pulling them, digging my nails behind the stiffened points of flesh. Opening my mouth and biting and sucking at the pulse in her neck, feeding my hunger with her skin, the blood rushing through her body. 

"Take me. Oh, God, Arlene, take me." 

Raw lust welled up in my body. I pushed the cups of her bra up, exposing her breasts to my hands,cupping both, squeezing.  

The clasp was easy enough to release and her breasts were now free for me to cup and squeeze. Her silk blouse fell from her shoulders and her bra followed.

Now bare from the waist up, I explored Dana's body with my hands, she trembled as I ran my hands from her neck to the waist of her skirt and back up along her ribcage. My lips touched her neck down her left shoulder and back to the nape of her neck as she tilted her head forward.

My tongue just between my soft lips traced along her spine paralell to her shoulder blades and back up. Her linen skirt sliding easily against the silk covering my now rotating hips and crotch.

I unhooked her skirt and felt it fall to the floor, my hands found the vee of her panties and slid over the moist silk.

I licked her ear, soft moans from my throat as my wet tongue rolled into it, my fingers drove her panty between her labia. I was determined to have her now. Hooking my fingers I felt her open to my invasion, savored the rising aroma from her moist slit.

I pulled her panty aside and sank my fingers fully into her, the incredible silky moistness drawing me deeper and deeper. My fingers overflowing with the evidence of her passion, her need for my special love making.

My thumb pressed her clit, the nail flicking over the pearl.

"Come for me, Dana," I whispered between licks into her ear.

Her hands pulled me against her as I ground into her, my fingers slick from her flowing nectar. Her naked breasts swaying, heavy, full.

A long wailing moan announced her orgasm as she flexed her knees and the room filled with the scent of her release.

I bit and sucked her flesh, drawing the translucent skin into my mouth, making her skin pucker and fill with blood.

Drawing my face back I smiled as I noticed the dark mark and cupped her breasts, tweaking the nipples, stretching them.

Dana continued to tremble as her fingers found the buttons of my blouse, the clasp of my skirt and disrobed me to my panties and nylons. Her hands slid under the waistband of my panties and pulled them off as she sank to her knees, kissing with fevered lips.

"I've dreamt of this," she said as her tongue extended and she lapped my auburn bush, beads of moisture cooling in the air, the hairs moistening as she licked, bit and tugged.

I held her to me. My fingers holding her as I moved to slap her face with my silky feeling pussy. My juices flowed, the air was heavy with the musky scent.

"I need you. I adore the taste of your pussy. I want to feel your slick inner walls on my tongue. To suck your clitoris. To dig my fingers into your ass and pull you against my face."

I fell back on the sofa, my legs splayed as she followed, her mouth never leaving contact with my sex.

She rolled her tongue and darted into my pussy, licked, pulled more and more of my cream into her needy mouth. I wrapped my ankles around her neck and rocked against her, feeling her fucking her tongue into me faster and faster.

Two fingers easily slid between my lips, she found just the perfect rhythym of invading fingers and sucking lips and darting tongue.

A monstrous scream reverberated from the walls. I was so lost in falling into the abyss of my personal heaven I did not notice it was my loud release as I came against her relentless assault.

Shivering with a flushed tremor I released my ankles from Dana's neck and lie on the sofa.

She rose and took the little bag with her into the bathroom. Just before entering, she turned and said, "Don't move a muscle, not voluntarily, anyway." A smile in her voice. I lie still, and felt tiny aftershocks.

Dana was not long in the bathroom, and when she returned she had changed into a white corselette, mesh white stockings and white heels. It was only then I saw she had also taken her bag with her. It was over her elbow.

Her ring flashed in the late afternoon sunshine as she moved to stand between my legs. I reached my hands to her and drew her to a long, wet kiss. Our tongues swirled, fluttered. We took turns sucking tongues and nibbling lips. The underwire of the corsellete held her breasts up and I drew my face to the left nipple. I circled the dark nipple, sucking, drawing more and more of her breast into my mouth. She kneeled on the sofa and I took turns sucking and circling each nipple. I extended my tongue and flicked first the left, then the right brown aerola.

I used my hands to cup her asscheeks, squeezing, digging with my nails, holding her as my mouth ravished her breasts like a starved woman.

The room was overwhelmed with the aroma of our now combined woman nectar.

I lie back on the wide sofa and felt Dana place her knees around my cheeks. I looked into her wide open slit, the loose lips hanging down, the fur covered and matted with her juices. I took my middle finger and ran it over the lips, touching her exposed clitoris lightly. Rubbing, pressing it against her pubic bone, feeling the moisture roll down to the pad of my finger. I inhaled her fragrance and drew her to my face.

My tongue fluttered, flicking the engorged nub up and down. Dana rocked against my face, saying, "Fuck me...Eat my married pussy...Take me to Sapphic Heaven." I ran my tongue between her lips and felt the hot, silky fluids roll over my chin, down to pool between my breasts. She ground and humped against my face, her hands on the arm of the sofa to give her greater leverage.

Her pussy opened wider. Sucking my tongue into her womanhood, enveloping my cheeks, nearly smothering me in that profound feminine grotto.

Dana bucked and clamped her knees tightly against my face, my sucking mouth flooded as I felt her slap against my face just before stopping and squirting her juices from a hidden fountain buried deep in her.

Dana shook before she slid down my body, my arms encircling her as we kissed long and deep. Moans and decreasingling intense shocks from each of us.

Sweat making us slippery and heightening the sensations where our bodies joined.

I disentangled and rose. I moved to a table against the wall and opened a drawer. I took out a simple gold herringbone chain with a lapis lazuli stone suspended from it. I padded, naked, to Dana and placed the chain around her neck. The small stone nestled perfectly between her breasts.

She protested that I had no need to give her gifts as I had given her the wonderful gift of lesbian love, but I silenced her with another kiss.

"I have a gift for you also," she said, and rose to find her purse. She found the ring box from the jewelry store. She handed it to me and said, "Open it, please."

Inside was a chain also, nestled in the silk of the box was a hand crafted pair of interlaced rings, and arching between them a rainbow, enameled gold.

"Arlene, darling. I know we must part soon. My marriage, and my career are most of my life. You will always be a part of me as well," she said this with tiny tears welling in her eyes. "I never want to hurt you, nor make unreasonable demands."

Tears started to well in my eyes as well, and we embraced.

The cool lawyer returned and she reached into her bag. She withdrew a leather harness and a thick red jelly dildo, veined and simulated balls at the base.

"I know you don't have much use for these, but I want you to fuck me."

I stood up and stepped into the leg straps, cinching the waist strap. I looked down to see the red latex dildo jutting out, Dana on her knees as she licked the tip. When she moved the dildo against me I discovered there was a thick nub at the base which rubbed my clit.

She circled the tip with her tonguetip and sucked on the latex dick. In my experience, a bisexual woman enjoys that, just as Dana wanted to be filled with the rubber phallus. The red contrasted nicely with the blue of my stockings, I had a small laugh about that, though I feel Dana thought it was the incongruity of the dildo bobbling against her cheek that forced the burst of gaity.

Dana placed her hands on the glasstopped coffee table in my living room, turned her head and winked. 

"Now, lover," she breathed and wiggled her hips enticingly.

I took in the full beauty of her body, her athletic legs held in white mesh nylons, the thin straps of the corsellete stretched to frame her cheeks and the deep red gash dripping with our combined juices.

I placed two fingers between her labia and softly stroked, curling and uncurling my fingers, feeling her move, push back and whisper over and over, "Fuck me. Fuck me."

Her breasts swayed and touched the cold glasstop, her nipples brushing and her reflection in the muted mirror. I also saw her left hand, splayed, the large gold band and the outer diamond ring stark reminders of her maritial status.

The sight made me steel myself and I plunged the length of the red jelly strapon bewteen her lips, sucking in, a soft squishy sound as I ground my belly against her. Dana sighed and wriggled to feel the thick jelly slide deeply into her.

It was stretching her, and as I moved back her inner pussy walls followed and the dildo glistened with her cream.

I pushed in and out, I felt the tip of the long dick touch her cervix and Dana moaned loudly, chanting, "Fuck me...take me....fill my married pussy over and over."

I drove the dick into her and she bucked back her lips moving out with the outward thrusts and tucking in with each slapping filling swallowing by her hot, wet pussy.

I felt the familiar tingle of my approaching orgasm, my pussy spasming around the short nub moving into me with each fucking movement of the longer dildo into Dana. I buried the length of the dick into my married paramour, laying my small diamond tipped breasts into her back, grunting, tossing my head back and forth. Growling.

I could feel Dana grip the slippery latex and we simultaneously screamed, shouted, shivered.

A flood of my cream poured down to drench my nylons. I pushed the dildo again and again into Dana's yielding and slick pussy. She groaned loudly and slapped against my thighs. Three successive waves of aftershocks coursed through me.

We slowed, I held her to me, still connected, we fell back onto the sofa, and napped.

I awoke as Dana rose, a loud 'plop' as she lifted off the red shiny strapon.

"Darling, I have to go. Family," she said apologetically.

"I promise to keep in touch," she said, meaning every word, but I knew in my heart we may have a short time together, her family, her career, that real life she has would keep us apart

Rising and slipping out of the harness, I took her in my arms and kissed her passionately, laciviously, in fact. Grinding near naked feminine bodies together, I soon released her and she went to dress in the bathroom.

I went to find my robe and waited.

When Dana emerged, she was impeccable, not a hair out of place, her makeup perfect.

We walked to the door, and kissed goodbye.

I did see her just recently. A picture in the society pages, a huge smile at some philanthropic event, her arm around her equally elegant husband. I did notice, though, the simple gold chain around her neck, the lapis stone just visible.

(Thank you for the comments on my recent scribbling. Special thanks to the individuals who have taken the time to encourage me.)