 "I know, I know, Mad." Nicki's heart went out to her best friend, Maddie - bawling, once again, over the phone. "Listen, Eric's out of town for another week and I'm going out to the beach house. Why don't you join me? The change of scenery will do you good!" 

Nicki and Maddie had been friends since elementary school, and now, at the age of 43, their friendship was as close, as vibrant, and as edgy as ever. So, when Maddie needed a shoulder to cry on, again, for the fourth time this week, she called her best friend, and Nicki was there.

Some weeks earlier Maddie's husband, David, had left her. A "Dear Madeline"-note on the kitchen table. Some cock-and-bull story about needing to find himself. Truth was he'd run off with his much younger secretary - barely half his age - young enough to be a daughter.

Maddie had known about the affair, or suspected it, anyway. She wasn't really surprised. She was prepared to chalk it up to the requisite 'mid-life crisis'; prepared to ride it out. "It was," she'd confidently convinced herself, "never going to last!" Maybe it was something to do with bad karma - the cowardly, clichéd way he left her - but, unfortunately, both he and his young lover were killed in a car crash almost immediately. A single car accident, roll over. Not wearing her seatbelt, the girlfriend was ejected. Killed instantly! He died, later, in hospital, of injuries sustained, including genital trauma. Some of his penis was still in her mouth.

Maddie was devastated, especially given that she wouldn't even get the chance to win him back; which, she contended, was a foregone conclusion. "He would have gotten bored with his bimbo," she'd said, on more than one occasion. "He would have come back to me - for sure."

Maddie snuggled into Nicki's shoulder as they sat on the deck of Nicki's beachfront property, listening to the birds and the waves, going over, in her mind, her unhappiness - for the umpteenth time. Finally, after a long, peaceful silence, Maddie suddenly sat up. Staring out to the horizon, she asked, matter-of-factly, "D'you know what I really miss?"

When the horizon failed to answer, Nicki replied, "No. What do you really miss?"

"David snuggling with his face between my boobs."

For a lark, to lighten the somber mood - and, man, did it need it - dear Nicki said, "Like this?" and plopped herself nose first into Maddie's cleavage. Pressing her face into Maddie's ample bust, Nicki couldn't stifle her laugh, but Maddie responded, with remarkable nonchalance, "No, really between my boobs - without my bra."

And, suddenly, with a rather muted aplomb, Maddie smoothly opened her shirt and slipped out of her bra. Then, without any hesitation, she gently took Nicki's face in her hands, and firmly guided her surprised friend's head fully between her own, now fully-exposed breasts.

Hyper-aware, hyper-sensitive, Nicki detected a tension in the skin of Maddie's boobs - that rapidly dissipated, giving way to a flush of heat, as the blood suffused into her dear friend's tits. Curiously, simultaneously, blood suffused into Nicki's own cheeks as well. Nicki had raised her hands to push the contact away, then stilled them, leaving her fingers cupped about the sides of Maddie's bosom. Motionless for a moment, as the flesh of each, boobs and cheeks melded together, the women - best friends forever - felt a sudden, new closeness.

No longer a joke, Nicki, too, found the snuzzle soothing. She held the embrace for several minutes before surfacing. Embarrassed and awkward, Nicki resumed her seat, both friends gazing vacantly out to sea, saying nothing as Maddie refastened her blouse. And their frisky behavior wasn't mentioned for the rest of the stay.

Later, though, back in the city, next time they got together, Maddie seemed flustered and embarrassed. As she closed the door behind her friend, she began in a rush, "I'm so sorry about what I did last time at the beach house. I was really out of line..." 

"Shhhhh," Nicki interjected. "Shush up, now." She cocked her head and gave Maddie a deep, inquisitive look, before continuing quietly. "Did it feel good?" She paused and nodded, as if giving her friend permission to agree. "Was it relaxing? Calming? Soothing?" Nicki smiled at the recollection. "I certainly thought so." She held Maddie's gaze for a long moment. Then she purred, "It was oddly, and, I might add, unexpectedly delightful." Maddie finally smiled as Nicki concluded, with a twinkle in her eye, "Y'know, I wouldn't be averse to trying it again."

Stumbling to the couch, they, between the two of them, pulled open Maddie's top to expose her braless tits. Nicki was really the aggressor this time, cupping Maddie's boobs and pulling her own face deep into the beckoning cleavage. Still, it was more or less a repeat performance, although much less muted. "Oh, that feels sooooo good!" Maddie sighed, as Nicki paid some attention to her nipples, tweaking them, occasionally swiping them with her tongue. Satisfaction radiated out from Maddie's buds, and from Nicki's cheeks where they lay in Maddie's cleavage. "Oooooh!" Maddie whimpered, "Sooooo nice!" And as they disentangled they agreed that it had been just as satisfying, as the first time.

Maddie continued to call Nicki, and get together a couple of times a week, ostensibly to cry the blues about the death of her husband. Each time they ended up, either immediately or eventually, in comforting embrace - with Nicki's nose held firmly in Maddie's cleavage. Until, one time, as Maddie arrived at the beach house, sashaying in more vibrantly than she had been since her husband's demise, she announced, even before the door had closed behind her, "Okay, this time it's my turn!"

Unexpectedly aggressive, she grabbed Nicki by the lapels, and steered her backward - Nicki, surprised and speechless - back onto a couch. "My turn to snuzzle!" she growled, a sly smile curling her lips.

Lying back passively, Nicki watched with a curious satisfaction, as her BFF slowly peeled her blouse back, baring her bosom. Wordlessly she watched as Maddie pinched and weighed her breasts, slowly slipping down, until her face was even with Nicki's not unsubstantial cleavage, until Nicki's firm, pink nipples, growing stiff and warm, were exactly at eye level. She paused for an interval, before raising her chin, and shaking her face as she pushed deep between Nicki's glowing globes - squeezing the tit-flesh firmly against her own cheeks.

As Maddie's fingers worked their way around, massaging Nicki's breasts, pinching and squeezing, circling her areolas, to come to rest, flipping and twiddling Nicki's nipples, Nicki felt a surge of arousal, like an electric current, radiate through her.

Pulling back momentarily to admire her work, Maddie observed, in a low, mischievous voice, "Look, they're standing up for me!" Maddie, then, pushing the fingers of one hand aside, sucked at the tip of Nicki's breast, drawing her whole areola into her mouth, sealing the suction with her lips. Her tongue batted the engorged nipple, flicking it side to side, up and down, back and forth, circling and swiping. Nicki's complacent smile slowly morphed into a grimace of ecstatic desperation. Grabbing Maddie by the hair, she followed as Maddie tongue-teased her nipples, left and right in turn. "Feels good, doesn't it?" Maddie hummed, between licks - stating the obvious.

With her arousal ramping up uncontrollably, Nicki felt herself beginning to vibrate. "Ungh, ungh, UNGH!" she grunted, almost pitifully. Lights began to spark behind her eyes, and with some sort of meta-physical energy bouncing within her chest, her awareness started shimmering like heat-waves on the desert. Like a nuclear melt-down, her crisis raced at her, until, she could take no more. Inexorably, Nicki's psyche seemed to shatter into shards of brightness and sensation. Her orgasm came on like an explosion. And she convulsed, overwrought by sensual shockwaves echoing within her and around her. "Ah! Ahhh! Aieahhhhhhh!" Her cries of pleasure and moans of satisfaction seemed, to her, so inadequate.

Nicki was almost embarrassed by the incredible intensity of the climax; and that she was the first to get there during their Sapphic trysts. After all, she was still getting plenty of sex from her hubby, though, she suspected - no, more than suspected - she knew that their loving was the only sex Maddie was getting.

The next time, Nicki was once again the aggressor, starting right in with a little more sucking, a little more nibbling at nipples; mouth on one breast, fingers on the other - sucking, flicking, twiddling. With her arm around Maddie's shoulder, Nicki pulled Maddie tight, reaching her far breast from behind. Then she walked the fingers of her front hand down over Maddie's tummy, and snaked her hand into the front of Maddie's shorts, dipping under her panties' waistband. Without stopping her breast attention, she twirled her fingers through the dampening bush, to brush Maddie's waiting clit.

Then, slowly descending to stroke Maddie's furrow, bottom to top, she would stop at the top of each stroke to swirl around her clit. Maddie's boatman quickly emerged, standing tall and engorged. Finally dipping her fingertip-caresses deep between Maddie's warm, puffy labia, Nicki pushed two fingers into the moist vagina, probing and reaching until she found Maddie's G-spot. Then she proceeded to finger-fuck in earnest.

Maddie let herself go. She felt, under the insistent manipulations, paradoxically revved up, yet, at the same time, sinfully mellow. She luxuriated in the rolling, roiling arousal being orchestrated by her BFF, and the relentless stimulation pulled her to the very edge, leaving her teetering for a long, infuriating moment, before sending her crashing into an orgasm of almost legendary intensity. Inundated with sensation, filled with a field of erotic energy, she felt herself vibrating, deep within her soul, from her toenails to her eyeballs. After orbiting reality for a while, she finally felt herself returning to earth, bit by bit. She trembled, with the echoes of the climax reverberating among the points of her awareness, until her muscles relaxed - her thighs, her shoulders, her abdomen, her chest - and her breath returned in soft gasps and mews.

Their eyes met, and a smile passed between them. "Wow!" Maddie whispered.

"Wow!" Nicki replied.

Each time, every meeting, they went a little further, exploring the variations of sexual solace; until, only a short while later, lounging on the couch at Maddie's condo, after the greetings and the small-talk, and the news, the girls settled for a time, into a comfortable silence. Without breaking the reverie, Maddie walked her fingers across Nicki's chest, and with a coy grin, undid the buttons she found there. Slowly, as if she didn't want to scare her subject, Maddie folded back Nicki's lapels, to reveal a luscious set of unsupported breasts. She paused to admire them, as if she hadn't seen them before, then she leaned in and began to bother Nicki's nips, intent on arousing them with her fingers and tongue - with licks and flicks. Nicki just leant back and closed her eyes, purring her appreciation of the erogenous attention being lathered on her chest.

Cupping Nicki's boobs, hanging on to her nipples, Maddie slowly sank down over her friend's tummy, with a kind of mystic, exotic grace, until she came to rest face to face with the fly front of Nicki's shorts. Gently, slowly, she worked the button, and unzipped the zipper. Folding the shorts down, she caught the elastic of Nicki's underwear, and dragged them off, over Nicki's bush, as well. Maddie hesitated as she watched, in silent appreciation, the gradual reveal of Nicki's silky pubic hair. Maddie inclined her head slightly forward, her movements barely perceptible, until her face lay gently nestled in Nicki's warm and furry bush. With her nose rubbing up against Nicki's clitoris, Maddie took a long, deep inhaled breath, consciously savouring, for the first time, the undiluted scent of woman; and, she thought, Nicki's moist, feminine redolence was intoxicating.

Maddie further luxuriated in the soft caress of curly hair against her cheeks - gently waggling her head from side to side. Then, dipping her face forward, she parted her friends warm damp labia with her tongue, and promptly, actively, began plowing the furrow. Reaching down to touch just the rim of Nicki's anus, Maddie's tongue stroked firmly back up the length of her vulva, gathering dew, and pausing to lick and swirl the engorged clit, before repeating the process. All the while, Maddie's fingertips played out a feather-touch tattoo at Nicki's nipples.

Nicki tried to temper her arousal - to hold off the inevitable, but it really didn't take long. The fevered trembling began in her hips and thighs, and, as the climax exploded behind her eyes, spasms shot up her spine and down her legs to her toes. Her heels, acting on their own accord, suddenly locked tight against Maddie's back, holding her deep in the quivering, bucking vee of her thighs. Nicki whimpered and moaned and sighed between the violent jerks and twitches, as she rode out the orgasm.

"Liked that?" Maddie asked, playfully.

"Omigod!" was the muttered response.

Coming out of the ocean after a swim, while toweling off on the beach house veranda, Nicki asked. "Well, girl, when are you going to get yourself back into circulation?"

While she fully understood the intent of the rather cryptic question, Maddie's reply was a little too hesitant. "It's too soon, yet.'

Becoming frustrated, Nicki got firm. "He's not coming back, Maddie. You know that! Besides," she added, a bit more sympathetically, "he dumped you!" Maddie just shrugged. Nicki turned, exasperated, and made her way into the shower.

While Nicki was lathering up under the bracing torrent, mulling over the situation in her head, Maddie appeared naked at the shower door. She whispered, "Right now, I still need the solace that only you can provide."

A warm smile curved her lips, as, wordlessly, Nicki moved aside, welcoming Maddie - a carnal glow, and the promise of Maddie's soft caresses pushing aside her more troubling thoughts.

Maddie smoothly pulled Nicki into a tight embrace, pressing their lips hard together, as a deep passion flared between them. And Nicki gave as good as she got, returning the heated assault in kind, pushing with her tongue to duel with Maddie's. Meanwhile Maddie's fingertips crept down, through the running water, to find, and twiddle, Nicki's stiffening nipples. Nicki seemed to melt into her friend, as, swirling and caressing Nicki's breasts, Maddie slid down and attached her lips to Nicki's tits - first one then the other - her fingers dropping into Nicki's furrow, drawing circles around her clitoris, as the warm water fell from her bush. Nicki felt an electric sparkling growing within her chest, that arced and popped as Maddie inserted her fingers, splitting Nicki's pussy, to reach her G-spot. She pushed and prodded deep, while circling Nicki's now erect clitoris with her thumb. Maddie felt the beginning of Nicki's orgasm vibrating deep within her fundament.

Maddie could feel, with her tongue, her friend's nipples engorge further. Her fingers felt Nicki's temperature rise as her vagina lubricated, and squeezed - grabbing at Maddie's invading digits, coating them with her copious flow of juices. Nicki's breath got ragged, and her whimpering more desperate, until, "Ungh! Ungh! UNGH! UUUHHHHNNGH!" Waves of ecstasy jolted her body, snapping her rigid, the spasms so strong that Maddie had to hold tight to keep her upright. Waves of pleasure continued to wash over Nicki as the climax slowly subsided, rocking and splashing Maddie as they passed, until, at last, they were still - except for heaving chests and panting breath - and the febrile twitching of Maddie's fingers, still lodged in Nicki's moist box.

They slid, almost insensate, down the shower stall walls to land in a tangled heap on the floor, under the pattering rain. After a time, and without a word, they contorted into a sort of modified soixante-neuf, each tongue finding its way into the others slit. Gently, they proceeded to lick and slurp, and poke and stroke, and come, and come - gasping and moaning, they twisted and writhed, seeking an advantageous angle, only to surrender to another explosion of pleasure.

And they carried on, from one wave to the next, until neither could continue. So that, finally, they lay still on the floor of the shower, quiet except for their panting - enervated. They had completely run out of energy - and hot water!

Nicki still told her husband she was comforting Maddie, who was taking a long time to get over her David's ultimate betrayal, however, their meetings were no longer solely to do with lending a sympathetic ear; indeed, they were now mostly to do with sexual arousal and satisfaction. They had discovered that the joys of Sapphic love were sensations not attainable with a guy. Although they didn't consider themselves lesbians, they now admitted, to themselves, at least, that they had become most definitely bi-sexual.

Their approach differed, from tryst to tryst, although it might be said that they favoured '69' - collegiately, taking turns - top and bottom. Some days they settled for mutual finger fucking, and sometimes they just humped - twat to twat. If somewhat repetitive, their sessions were varied enough to keep them interesting and enjoyable - always novel and exciting - and in their own ways, unique. And they thoroughly enjoyed themselves - every time.

One day, just as the girls had undressed one another, and were idly twiddling, Maddie produced, with an impressive sleight of hand, a rather large double-ended dildo. Nicki's eyes went wide and her jaw dropped. "OMG! Where'd you get THAT?"

Maddie giggled. "Saw it in an adult boutique. Bought it for a lark," she murmured sheepishly.

"And what were you doing in a sex toy shop?"

"Just curious." Maddie paused, looking at Nicki through her lashes. "D'ya wanna give it a try?"

"It's huge!" Nicki gasped.

"Yeah," Maddie replied, sharing some of her friend's awe. "It's, er, I don't know... 24 - no, 26... or 28 inches... long! I don't remember."

"And thick! It's really thick."

"The girl at the shop insisted - 'the thicker the better. So...," Maddie gave a what-can-I-say sort of shrug. They both stared at it for a long moment, taking in its dimensions - a flexible two, two and a half feet long, and two inches in diameter - with molded veins along the shaft, and large, realistic cock-heads at either end!

Maddie and Nicki eagerly, if somewhat self-consciously, set about trying to work out how to best use the beast. They proceeded to try it out - really try it out. Using lots of lube, first, they backed onto it, on all fours, bum to bum - but that was just too weird and impersonal. Next, they tried on their backs, pussy to pussy, but that required quite some blind fiddling, so they kneeled up, bending the dildo into a U-shape. While that did allow for kissing and groping, it was, they agreed, far too awkward; furthermore, it allowed for no leverage or decent penetration. Basically, it was too much work to achieve minimal and unsatisfactory 'in-and-out'. Doggie-style was not too bad - if you like doggie-style. It was fine for a bit, but they wanted to be face to face - to see each other's eyes.

Finally, they settled upon one of them supine and the other kneeling as the most satisfactory position. They alternated between being 'giver' or 'receiver' without expressing a preference. By bouncing their hips and rocking their pelvises they could adequately simulate the insertion and withdrawal of the rubber penis. They quickly came to love the way the giant shaft filled and stretched their pussies, and relished the feel of the veined texture rubbing their pussy-walls with each faux-stroke.
