 Auction Series b, "Sold By My Friends"

I am a Slave. Two years ago, my friends, Anita and Tracy, sold me at a Slave Auction by accident. At least I think it was an accident. But I'll never know for sure. This is my story: Caroline's POV.

First, a little about me. My name is Caroline. At the time of the story, I was a 24 year old with a great body, blond hair and was considered to be very beautiful. Anita was a black haired and was 25 years old. And Tracy was also a 25 year old and had brown hair. All three of us were stay-at-home wives, our husbands made good money. 

One evening while my husband, Mike, was out of town, we girls went out to dinner. Afterwards, we went to Anita's home for some wine. After the 2nd glass of wine, we got a little silly. 

Anita asked us to "tell one of our fantasies. I'll go first." 

She said, "I would like to dress as a teenager, go into a high school and find some young studs to fuck and suck." 

"Good one. Anita" said Tracy, and then she went on, "I would like to go to a strip joint and be a stripper. And get some hard cock action." 

I said, "I would like to be sold at a Slave Auction." 

Anita and Tracy looked at me for a moment, and then Anita got this big smile on her face and said, "So perfect little Caroline wants to be a Slave, does she. Here kiss my foot slut." 

And she raised her foot to my face. I don't know way I did it, maybe it was the wine, but I kissed her foot and kept kissing it. 

The others watched me kiss her foot again and again and then Tracy said, "She should be kneeling at our feet." 

Anita, "Yes Slave. On the floor, now." 

Again, I don't know why but I got on the floor in front of them. 

Tracy then ordered me to "kiss their feet and do a good job of it." 

And I did. I did not notice but Anita had gotten her phone out and was recording me kissing their feet. 

After a few minutes, Anita said, "A Slave should be nude when servicing her Mistress's. Slave Caroline, get rid of those clothes." 

I did not think I heard correctly. 

"What did you say?" 

She slapped me and said, "Strip you little slut. Now." 

And, for the third time, I don't know why but I did as she ordered. I stripped out of my clothes and stood before them. 

"Wow, you're a beauty." Said Tracy as she playfully slapped my ass.

Anita then took a photo of me. 

I said, "Anita, no." 

Tracy hit my ass harder and said, "Slaves to not speak to their Mistress like that. Now behave and do as you're told." 

Anita proceeded to take several more pics of me including one from behind with me bend over and looking back at the camera. 

When Anita sat back down, she ordered me to "Kneel at our feet slut." 

I did, it was becoming a habit to obey them. 

Tracy then said, "Eat my pussy slut and bring me off." 

"Tracy, no. I'm not into that." 

She grabbed my head and said, "You are now. Get busy slut." 

I soon brought her to orgasm and then Anita ordered me to "do her and do a good job." 

Again, I did not notice but Anita had gotten me doing Tracy recorded. 

She held up her camera and said, "Tell me again Caroline, what is your fantasy." 

I said, as she recorded, "I would like to be sold at a slave auction." 

"And." 

"Be a Slave." 

"Good girl."

Anita handed me a glass of wine and said, "Here slave drink this right down." 

And I drank the glass in one try. I was now very happy. 

Anita said, "Let me check on something. I seem to remember seeing..." 

Anita walked over to her computer and got onto the web. She quickly found what see was looking for. 

She said, "You want to be sold at a Slave Auction, well there is one this Saturday. I'll sell you and Tracy can buy you." 

My head was muddle from the wine, I said, "What?" 

She said, "There is a Charity Slave Auction at a Club downtown. It's perfect." 

I said, "I don't want to do that." 

She said, "You don't have a choice Slave Girl. Do you want all your friends to see that naked body of yours or you kissing our feet or eating our pussies?" 

"No." 

"Then do as you're told Slave."

Anita read about the sale and said, "It says the Slave can opt out if they choose to after the sale but there are no refunds. Well, of course. It is for Charity." 

She then pulled up the Application and turned to Tracy and said, "I'll sign up as her Owner and sign her up for the sale, then you sign up as a buyer. Ok." 

Tracy nodded. Anita filled out her part as my Owner and then filled out my part, her Slave. 

Tracy saw me watching and said, "Eyes down slave." 

Anita then noticed something and pointed it out to Tracy, who said something but I could hear her. I found out later what it was, much later.

Anita finished up the application by adding some photos of me, we both signed electronically and she submitted it. Tracy then went on and signed up as a buyer. 

Anita then said, "We should know in the morning if you're accepted Slave Caroline." 

She went on, "In the mean time, since Mike is away, you're going to stay here." 

"Anita, I can't do that." 

"Yes Slave Caroline, yes you will and you are going to stay nude, for the next 3 days." 

"No." 

Tracy then slapped me hard and said, "Slave, do as you're told." 

Just then, Anita's husband, Chris and Tracy's husband, Fred, walked into the house. 

They looked at me and Chris asked, "What's going on?" 

To which Anita answered, "We are fulfilling her Slave Fantasy." 

I looked down in shame. 

Fred said, "Oh really. Do we get some of that?" 

Tracy said, "Yes. Slave Caroline get down on your knees." 

I did. She continued, "Now you will suck our husband's cocks." 

"Please don't make me do that." 

"Do you want those pictures of you out in public?" 

I said, "You want your husband's to cheat?" 

Anita said, "It's not cheating when it is with a Slave." 

I dropped to my knees and sucked off both Chris and Fred. And Anita captured it all. 

Then Anita said, "Time for bed Slave." 

And she ordered be to follow her to their spare bedroom. She had Chris tie me up so I would not be tempted to leave. I was tied spread eagle on the bed, my eyes covered and before she left, Anita put a vibrator in my pussy and set it on low. Sometime in the night, a man came to me and took the vibrator out of my pussy and then fucked me. And then another man fucked me. I suppose it was Chris and Fred. The second man, or someone, put the vibrator back into my pussy.

The next morning, Tracy came over early and sat on my face. I brought her to multiple orgasms. Then Anita sat on my face and I did her. 

Afterwards, Anita said, "Well that was some more good photos of her being a slut." 

I was so humiliated. 

Anita undid the ropes and when I sat up, I said, "You bitches, how can you do this to me?" 

Anita came at me, grabbed me, sat down, pulled me over her knees and spanked me hard. 

I was crying and she said, "Now Slave Caroline, will you behave. Do you know your place now?"

I said, still crying, "Yes, I'll be good. Please don't hit me again." 

Anita released me and we all, the three of us, took a shower together. They each got dressed and we went downstairs. Anita went right to her computer to check on the Application. 

She said, "You've been accepted Slave Caroline." 

We all sat in the Living Room and Anita and Tracy talked. I did not because I was told to speak only when spoken to. 

At Noon, Anita said, "Let's go. We need some stuff for the Auction. Let's go Slave." 

I got up off the floor and thought, "Go how? Naked." 

Anita grabbed a long coat the threw it at me saying, "Here Slave, wear this." 

Anita then said, "From now until the Auction, you are my Slave. It will do you good to into character. Obey or be punished. Do you agree Slave?" 

Knowing I was beaten, I said, "Yes Mistress." 

And Anita smiled.

We walked out to Anita's car and we got in. Anita drove to an Adult Book Store in a rough part of town. 

I asked, "What are we doing here?" 

"We need some things for the Auction Slave. Get out." 

We all got out of the car and walked into the store. I saw a thirty something woman behind the counter and three middle aged men in the store, and to my surprise, a woman. 

The three of us walked up to the counter and Anita said, in a loud voice, "Can you help us please. We're looking for bondage gear for our new Slave." 

It was so humiliating. She went on, "She is being sold on Saturday and we want to know what we need." 

The clerk, her name is Brandy, smiled and said, "Sure, but you're selling her. She looks great. Open her coat let me see her body." 

Tracy did better than that, she removed the coat and left me standing there nude. 

"Well, we are fulfilling her Slave Fantasy. She wants to be sold at a Slave Auction. I'm her Owner and she is going to buy her." 

"Oh, I see. Too bad, I might put in a bid myself." 

She walked us to different sections of the store. By the time we got back to the counter, we had gathered chains, cuffs, leg irons, collars, leashes. Brandy then put each item on me. I soon was collared with a leash, my arms and legs in irons with chains from the collar down to my ankles. Brandy produced a strap for my middle that the hand irons could be connected to, leaving me unable to move. And a leg spreader, not for the sale but she thought my Mistress's would enjoy it.

After she paid, Anita asked, "Do you have a room for our Slave to service these men, if they want to of course." 

"And you to Miss." 

Tracy added. 

Brandy laughed and said, "Sure, right back there on your right." 

Anita ordered me to "go back to that room and wait. When a man enters, you are to ask him to allow you to suck his cock. And say because "I love sucking cock." Understand Slave?" 

Knowing I was beaten, I said, "Yes Mistress." 

I did as ordered, it was so humiliating. I ended up sucking off 6 guys and eating two women's pussies. 

As we were leaving, Brandy said, "Bring her on back, you hear." 

And Anita, "We will." 

I was forced to walk to the car in the nude. For the rest of that day and the next two, I was used by the four of them, Anita, Chris, Tracy and Fred. I was spanked, fucked, fingered. I was forced to eat pussy and suck cock. And Anita got most of it on camera. They owned me now. 

Saturday morning, we all got our hair done. And we relaxed for a while. The Club that was hosting the event was downtown. We drove down and parked the car. I was nude except for the wrist and leg irons, chains, the middle binding strap, the collar and the leash. I was walked into the Club like that. 

Anita led me, holding the leash, to the check-in desk where a young woman, named Kristie, was waiting, and when we walked up to the counter, she said, "Hello, are you here for the Charity Sale?"

She then asked, "Your names, just first names will do. The Owner's name?" 

"Anita." 

"And the Slave's name?" 

"Caroline." 

"Oh, yes. Here you are. Let me check on your Application." 

She then said, "Oh, I see that she is for the Regular Sale. Really, you're going to sell her. She's so cute." 

I asked, "What does that she mean? What's a Regular Sale?" 

Anita turned and said, "It is not your concern Slave. Now be still." 

Brandy came around the desk, took the leash from Anita and led me to a back area. Brandy told me to obey all orders. All my measurements were taken, some blood drawn and I was given a quick physical. 

While I was being led back to the desk, I heard Tracy say, "Do you think that's fair. She thinks she's just doing a Charity Auction. She doesn't even know about the Main Sale." 

Anita responded, "What's the difference, you're going to buy her. This will be a better for her fantasy. Plus, you will own her." 

And I saw Tracy smile.

When I returned to the desk, Kristie said, "Ok, all set." 

She pulled out a form and said to Anita she said, "Here Anita, and sign here." 

And she pointed to a place on the form, "This state that you are in fact Slave Caroline's Owner."

Anita signed. Kristie then said to me, "Sign here Slave." 

And I did. She then pulled out another form and said to Anita, "Sign here. This is authorizing the permanent sale of Caroline." 

I could not believe what I just heard. 

Tracy saw my reaction and said, "Chill out Caroline. I'm going to buy you sweet thing. Then you'll be all mine." 

Kristie then said, "Sign here Slave. It is stating that you voluntarily are entering the Sale." 

When I hesitated, Anita leaned over and said, "Sign you little bitch or every photo of you will go out." 

So I signed. 

Kristie said, "Ok. You are all set. You two can go over to the stage." 

She then put a numbered card on a chain around my neck. I was number nine. 

She then said, "Slave Caroline, go with this young lady."

I was led to a room to wait my turn with 11 other Slaves. I could not believe what was happening to me. Part of me was excited to be sold but I was also frightened. What if something went wrong and I end up sold to a stranger. No, I thought, Anita and Tracy will make sure nothing happens.

After what seemed like forever, the door opened and I and the other Slaves were led to the stage. As we were walking, one of the Slaves turned and tried to run but she ran into me and another Slave knocking us to the floor. Both of our signs came off and we picked up a sign. It turned out I had picked up the wrong sign, so would be under a different number. Now I was number 11. 

I was worried about it at first but thought, Tracy can see me, she'll buy me anyway. We were all paraded around the stage and then lined up in back of the stage. The auction started. I was amazed how much the Slaves sold for. Some sold for $2000, $2500, even $3000. It was amazing. As each Slave was sold, they were led away to their new Owner.

When it was my turn, I heard an announcer say, "And here is our last Slave up for sale. A late entry but just look at that face and that body. Well worth the wait. She is certified to be SDT free and not pregnant." 

Someone had noticed the number switch. I was paraded around the stage and at times, I was stopped and bend over with my ass toward the crowd. Then the announcer said, "Let the bidding start."

I stood alone, in the middle of the stage as men and women, bid on me. The stage lights were blinding me and I could not see anyone or anything pass the stage. The bid kept going higher and higher. 

Finally, at $12000, the announcer said, "Going once, going twice. Sold for a price of $12000." 

I was shocked; I was sold for so much more than other Slave. I thought "WOW!" 

I was led away and taken to a crate. I was put inside the crate and I was chained to eye bolts on the inside. 

The attendant said, "When your new Owner has paid the bill, you will be taken to them." 

And the crate was closed up. I was feeling nervous but I reassured myself that this was part of my friend's plan. Soon, I felt the crate being picked up, probably by a fork lift, and then it felt like it was moving. At one point, the crate was lifted up and set on something. 

I thought, "A truck of some kind I suppose."

I heard an engine start and we started moving. We drove for hours and at some point I fell asleep. I awoke when we stopped and I wondered, "Where am I?" 

After a few minutes, the crate was lifted off the truck and set on the pavement. The crate was opened and I was released. When my eyes had adjusted I saw a very large house, mansion really. And I knew something had gone wrong.

What did go wrong? We now go to Tracy's POV from when Caroline is led away.

We watched Caroline being led away. I could tell that Anita was really into this. Me, I was just Role Playing and I figured that afterwards, we would all go back to normal. Now, I wasn't sure about Anita. We walked over to some chairs and sat down. Soon the Charity Auction started. Soon our attention wandered. These were just "silly girls" looking for a thrill. 

Finally the Charity Auction was done and those people cleared out. Now the Main Auction, the real Auction started. We watched the first two Slaves auctioned off. Then Anita's phone rang and she stepped outside. I sat, listening and my mind wandered. I kept looking for Anita to come back. 

When the number nine Slave, which would be Caroline, came up, I just bid. I didn't even look up. And I won. My winning bid was $4000. I got up and walked to find Anita. As I got to the door, Anita walked in. 

I said, "She was just up." 

"And." 

"I bought her. Now I have to pay for her." 

We walked over to the payment desk. Laura, the Auction Manager was taking the payments. I paid the $4000 and stepped away to wait for "my Slave Caroline." After 5 minutes, an attendant, who was leading a Slave, walked up to me, handed me the leash and said, "Here is your New Slave." 

We both looked at the Slave. It wasn't Caroline! 

I said, "There's been a mistake. I bought number 9." 

"Yes, this is number 9." 

And he turned and walked away. I looked at Anita and she had a scared look on her face. I walked over to Laura and explained the problem. 

I said, "We brought our friend Caroline to your Slave Auction to give her a thrill. Somehow her number was changed, we need her to be returned now and get this mess fixed." 

Laura said, "Well, let me check." 

She got on her computer and after a moment, "Yes, her number was changed, she exchanged with another Slave. Did you not notice." 

"No, I didn't" 

"A Slave tried to run but ran right into two other Slaves and knocked them down. There number signs probably came off then and she picked up the wrong one." 

"Well, what do we do to fix it?" 

"Well, there is a problem." 

"What!" 

"She is all ready on her way to her Owner." 

Anita and I looked at each other. 

I said, "Call them, explain the mix-up." 

"I can't. This was an anonymous buyer. The system is designed for confidentiality. It will take me a couple of days." 

"A couple of days. She could end up anywhere. We'll call the police." 

"Oh, and tell them that you committed fraud?" 

"Fraud? How?" 

"Anita claimed to be the Slave's", I interrupted her and said, "Her name is Caroline." 

Laura went on, "Of course. Anita claimed to Own Caroline, that is fraud. As far as we are concerned, we have legal forms. You signed to sell your Slave and she signed her willingness to be sold."

"Ok, what do you suggest." 

"You have bought a Slave, nice and legal, take her home. Use her as is your right. And in a couple of days, I call you about Caroline. I'm sure it can be worked out. Here is my number." 

I took the slip and looked at Anita and she nodded.

So, we drove home and we did use our Slave, her name is Willow. Both of our husbands used her to. She is very pretty, very nice body, very willing and very obedient. Two days later, I called the number that Laura had given me but It was disconnected, no longer in service. I then called the Club where the Auction had been held. They only had that same number. 

I looked at Anita and said, "We have no way of finding Caroline. She's gone for good. What are we going to tell Mike?" 

She thought for a moment, and then said, "We did not mean to do this. It was an accident. We'll tell Mike a version of the truth. We'll tell him that Caroline wished to be sold as a Slave. That she convinced us it was just a lark, we had no idea she was serious. And We'll give him Willow. You know men, look at her. He'll go for her. And we'll tell him we tried to find her but cannot." 

"Ok, I hope you're right."

When Mike came back, Anita and I along with Willow visited Mike. We explained just like Anita said. We showed him the paper work. 

He was upset at first, then he asked, "Who's she?" 

And Anita said, "She is your Slave Mike. We bought her for you to make up for helping, unknowingly, Caroline leave you. She will serve you well." 
