 That weekend was the start of a new relationship between us, I now felt more confident in being able to do to her what she wanted, although I was supposed to be 'forcing' her to do it, still it gave me a thrill to play along with her pantomimes. She was constantly reminding me in her letters how good it felt, and how much her Soosie missed me, as well as telling me more about her 'dreams.' She was unable to book another weekend at that cabin for the summer, so I didn't see her till August when I went home for a week before my school year began.

Once the school year was over for me I got more hours of work at the restaurant that helped fill in my time. I still went dancing on Friday and Saturday nights after my shift ended and actually found them to be quite enjoyable. Emma and I wrote to each other as before with her letters getting more explicit, and I in turn told her what was going on in my little world.

When Emma's school year ended, she wrote to tell me she was going away for her annual three weeks holiday, this time to Amsterdam and promised to write as soon as she got there. After a few days I got a letter from her with the address of the hotel she was staying in. She told me about the clubs she went to, the shows she saw where sex was quite explicit, and about the red light district and how prostitution was a thriving business. She admitted to enjoying the 'atmosphere there' as she put it, and wished I was there with her to share it. It definitely sounded very erotic, and I wondered how much of it was her fantasies and if she participated in any of the activities she described.

As I hadn't heard from Derek for a couple of weeks after he graduated, I finally accepted the fact he had given up on me. At the dances I found I was watching the ladies more and more, taking note about what they wore, what seemed to suit them and made them more attractive I thought. Some women would occasionally dance together and I'd wonder if they also pleased one another later. I was paying more attention to how I dressed, I had let my hair grow longer and wore more attractive make-up and jewelery and by now had more than one pair of stiletto heeled shoes and one pair of boots. I knew how important my appearance was to attracting men.

I soon found a regular boyfriend and was dating more depending on my shifts at the restaurant, and of course the sex got to be a given after a date. Unfortunately he didn't have a car so I went back to leaving my knickers off when we went out, as it was more convenient for our 'knee tremblers' in doorways. I certainly missed the comfort of a car when it was raining. Once the weather got warmer in the summer we would go for a walk to a park where on a nice evening we could lie down amongst some shrubs and neck.

I liked that as we could do it in different positions and I could give him blow jobs, I liked doing that as it gave me a thrill to tease him with my tongue as I fondled his balls, then when I felt ready could get on top and ride him. He liked that too, was very patient and when I was sure it was safe I'd do it 'bareback' and loved to feel his cum squirt against my cervix. That was was about the only way I could truly enjoy a shag as other times he would cum too soon to really please me.

He liked doing it dogie style and I didn't mind, and when he was humping me I'd close my eyes and imagine it was Emma and her 'Robbie' doing me, how I wished a mans cock could be like her 'Robbie' and stay hard after he would cum, or that he could hold it till I was ready to cum along with him. One evening when we had gone out early and did it that way we went for a drink after, we were sitting in this pub and I looked down and saw I had 'green knees,' my stockings had grass stains on the knees and after that became a joke between us, so I told him from now on he had to put his coat down for me to kneel on.

Still I missed my Emma and her 'Soosie' and thought of her more and more as the summer wore on, around the end of August I took a week off work to go home before the School year started. I went home first to see mother and my aunt, and the next day Emma just 'happened' to drop in for a visit for some reason. We all had Tea and chatted about how the summer had gone, looking at Emma I thought she looked like she had put on a few pounds since I last saw her back in the spring, still I felt the stirrings of lust in my loins.

We were to go to another town to visit relatives the following day, and Emma offered to drive us there in her car and of course mother was glad to take her up on it. For me and I'm sure for her too it was agonizing to be so close and wanting one another, but had to be socially polite to one another. That day passed very slowly so it wasn't till I'd been home about three days that I was able to visit Emma at her house.

I got there early, around ten in the morning and of course she was expecting me, she was fully dressed and when we hugged and kissed I felt through her clothes she was dressed for me, no girdle and wearing a half bra. We kissed like we were starving, tongues probing each other then hurried to her sofa. The room was darkened as she had the drapes pulled, in in the early morning light gave an erie touch to it. She laid back as my hand found her crotch through a pair of silk knickers, she was wet, was she ever as I fondled her juicy pussy through them the way she liked, then after her cum pulled them off her to expose her cunt to my searching fingers.

I was surprised at my own boldness and she obviously loved it, I took her knickers off her altogether and knelt on the floor beside her to play with her. Her pussy was open wide from my attentions and so wet she was almost dripping, what made me do it I don't know, but I put my fingertips and thumb together and started to press them into the opening. She kind of sat up as I applied pressure and rotating my hand back and forth till my knuckle slid past the opening and my hand was inside her pussy.

She was gasping, her eyes looked like they were ready to pop out of her head, her mouth open as if to say something before dropping back down as I started to fuck her with my hand. for the very first time my hand was inside a pussy, her pussy and she loved it, squirming and bucking, one leg flailing in the air as I was leaning over the other. Her cries and squeals of pleasure was music to my ears, how many orgasms she had I don't know, finally I pulled my fist out of her with a squishing sound and placed it on her face where she took hold of it to lick her juices off my fingers.

By now I was ripe myself, on the brink of a climax I quickly slipped my knickers off and straddled her face. I felt her tongue lick into me and it only took a few moments before the sun burst over me as I climaxed, so powerful I could have fainted. All the fucking with men could never make me cum with that intensity, it took a while for my body to subside before she sat up and I plonked my arse down beside her.

She had her arm around me hugging me telling me how much she'd missed me, then taking me by the hand led me to her bedroom where we both took off our dresses. There we were neither of us wearing knickers, standing there in our bra's and stockings, I was ready for more loving when she said, "wait I brought you a present" and went and handed me a package. I opened it quickly to see she had bought me my own 'Robbie,' It was crude by today's standards, with heavy leather straps and a solid dong riveted to it.

She had me strap it on round my waist, with a third strap up between the cheeks of my arse to hold the end of the dong snug against my pussy. I looked at myself in the mirror and it looked funny and I had to laugh at myself. Emma took hold of it and pulled me towards the bed with it and sitting down raised her knees and brought the head to her pussy lips where she rubbed the head if it against her clit before inserting the end into her vagina. She directed me on what to do telling me to 'push' not too hard at first, back out then a little bit more and so on till it was all the way home inside her. She held her legs up behind her knees as she watched me fuck her with it, again directing me what to do. As I kind of wiggled and rotated my bum to manipulate the dong inside her, I felt a growing excitement in me as the end of the thing was pressing against my clitoris too.

As her own juices lubricated the shaft she finally laid back to enjoy the fucking, her groans and moans were music to my ears as I could see the excitement on her face. I know she had a couple of climaxes and in the excitement I kept up the rhythm watching her face till my own orgasm hit, and I stopped moving and pulled the thing out of her. She lay there smiling, her legs apart and resting on the bed, her pussy wide open and her juices dripping out of her. She felt herself for a moment before moving and inviting me to join her on the bed beside her. "Like that" she whispered as she leaned over to kiss me, then taking hold of the dong and pressing it into me before manipulating herself on top, then inserting it inside her again began to ride me and pleasure herself again. It was nice for me too but not as climatic as I would have hoped, and she sure enjoyed herself again.

After we got up and made us a lunch and then showed me what else she had brought back with her, some magazines, porno ones in foreign languages then went to a dresser and took out her 'Art' collection. She had an album of drawings and photographs of women in different poses, mostly from Victorian times by the look of them. Some in fancy underwear with stockings and high heeled boots or shoes, with garters to hold up their hose, some wearing large hats, kissing and fondling each other the way lesbians would, including groups of three or four in scenes.

The magazines also contained ads for clubs in different countries offering a variety of services, and a lot of them were in English too, as well as offering a variety of implements from whips, restraints, clamps as well as dildo's. Some of the magazines she kept whole, others she would cut up and pasted the pictures into her album for her own personal library. As I was to learn later, she had also picked up a stock of rather risque old fashioned undies.

I managed to spend two more afternoons with her and each time I got to practice fucking her 'Soosie' with my 'Robbie,' she got onto her knees to submit to me while I rode her from behind. The harder I thrust the dildo into her, she'd groan out loud and encouraging me to keep going to pound her as hard as I could. Once she was satisfied in was my turn to be pleasured, she loved to use her mouth on me, lapping at me clit with her tongue. We would make eye contact over my belly when she did this, and I could she was smiling at me with her eyes. This was followed by a good fucking with her 'Robbie.'

On the train heading back to school I started to wonder about her and our relationship, I think her magazines disturbed me, and in a way I was glad to be going back to University. I admit to enjoying the sex but wondered where it would end, each time was getting to be more and more perverted, like she couldn't get enough and always looking for new thrills. At least I'd have a few weeks rest before she'd come and visit for a weekend whenever she could book the cabin. While there was always a worry at home about being found out at least away from home and in the remote countryside I felt more comfortable with our relationship.