 I managed to catch my breath, but it wasn't easy. I was in her arms, shaking, feeling the lingering effects of a moment unlike anything I'd experienced before. My dress was gathered around my waist. My ass, my legs, my cunt were all exposed. I was standing there in the arms of a woman with whom I'd barely spoken a dozen sentences. And I'd just cum, without restraint, without fear--in her hotel room, standing, grinding our cunts into each other's bare thigh!

It must sound terribly strange, terribly indecent, terribly . . . wrong? But it didn't feel that way. It didn't feel that way at all. It felt wonderful. It felt wild. It felt passionate. And, it felt somehow warm and secure. Something about Linda made me comfortable, made me want to do anything she asked or suggested. There was something about her that made me want to follow her lead. Maybe it was because she was older than any lover I'd had before her. Maybe it was because she had awakened a part of me I never knew existed, the part that desired pleasure above all else. Somehow I understood that the places she would take my heart, my body, my skin, my lips, my cunt would be places I would enjoy visiting.

"Audrey, darling, let's not stand here half naked," she laughed, "let me put something on. Let me get you something to wear. Okay?"

"Okay, Linda," I answered her weakly, still trembling from the feelings that had crested moments before. Holding my hand, she led me to the closet, which she opened. It was filled with clothing, more dresses, more shoes, more accessories, more stuff than I'd ever imagined a woman could carry with her on vacation. She parted some hangers, and pulled out a tiny silk kimono, beautifully printed with an erotic scene, two Japanese women--white skinned, mere stylized slits for eyes, jet-black hair piled high on their heads, tiny mouths, pouty lips painted a brilliant red, naked white skin touching, their breasts, touching. She handed it to me. She bent over, revealing, again, her lovely bottom, long legs--I tingled, again, so soon after cumming, just watching her. She handed me a pair of shoes much like her own, with the same tall spikes, but these were shiny red. "Here," she said handing the shoes and the very short, silken robe to me, "why don't you see if these fit?"

I slipped out of my Birkies, lifted my dress over my head, and stood there for a moment, completely naked, before slipping the shoes over my feet, the kimono over my shoulders. Standing there I began to ache, again, for her touch; but she did not touch me, she only stared. I could feel her eyes on me as if they were her hands, sliding up my legs, my calves which were flexed from the steep angle the shoes imposed on my feet, lingering on my naked, shaved cunt which peeked out from beneath the very short robe, dwelling on the swell of my hips, sliding across my flat tummy, enjoying the sight of my breasts, my erect nipples outlined beneath the slick silk, caressing my bare neck, savoring my red mouth before resting on my hazel eyes and peering into my soul. It was as if she was touching me, making love to me with her eyes. I could feel her gaze running across my body like talented fingers. My cunt ached for her to touch it with her leg again, to touch it, maybe, with her hand, or maybe, oh how I wished it, with her lips and tongue! Instead, she stared. The Kimono felt sleek and slippery, the way only silk feels. The shiny fabric sliding across my skin, slipping across my nipples when I pulled the robe across my body to tie it together with the sash, almost made me cum, again. The robe covered only half my bottom. The round place where thighs met ass was exposed. In the front my cunt showed, totally. It made me feel more naked than being naked, sexier than anything I'd ever worn.

What was happening to me? My entire being seemed geared in that time in that place, in her company, toward one thing and one thing only, sensual pleasure.

Linda took a black velvet evening gown from the closet, and I watched as she stepped through the top, and pulled it up over her body. It was stunning. She was stunning. Beneath it, she wore only what she had worn for my arrival--the mid-thigh stockings, the diamond studded necklace. The shoes.

Her gown was slit up the front to above her navel! When she walked across the room to sit on the edge of the bed I could see everything. Her stride parted the fabric so that her lovely legs and cunt were framed in a vee of black velvet.

She sat on the edge of the bed, and patted the spot next to her. I crossed the room as she had, and sat beside her. She put her arms around me and began to speak.

"Audrey, I have a confession to make."

I looked at her, puzzled, wondering what was coming next; somewhat fearful, but eager.

"My having breakfast all those mornings at the place where you work, my inviting you here, our initial moment of pleasure, none of this has been completely accidental."

I wondered where this was going, but I was still feeing the lingering tremors of an orgasm I had loved, the slip and slide of silk across my nipples, the sight of her, of me, of us. My body was eager for more. God, was it eager!

"I belong to a very special club. There are only seven of us. We are all single. We are all successful. We have been the best of friends for many years. We adore each other, and over the years we have found that we enjoy, intensely, the company of a lovely young woman such as yourself. We get together once a year in an out of the way place to engage in a kind of ritual. Each year, one of us is charged with the responsibility of finding a particularly adorable, innocent but especially provocative young woman, and to prepare her to be shared by all of us in an evening of pleasure. I saw you my first day here, and knew immediately that you were quite special. I want you to be the one. I want to share your loveliness with my dear friends. Are you willing?"

My heart was pounding. Everything about the week had been leading me to something, but I had no idea what. Each morning I had seen her, and each afternoon I'd masturbated, imagining her making love to me. I ran home from work with her image in my mind. I flopped down on my bed after ripping off my clothes. I fingers grabbed at my body, tugged on my nipples, other fingers worked their way into my wet cunt, slid around my hard little clit. I lifted my hips up off the bed to meet her imagined touch, the dream of her tongue in my cunt. Frantically I made love to myself, pretending it was the tourist, the woman in the restaurant. And I'd cum with such fury, it was if we really were lovers even though I had no idea who she was. And now, finally, I was in her room, sitting next to her, dressed like a whore, and moments before I'd cum in her arms, grinding myself against her leg like a dog in heat and it had been better than anything I'd ever felt with another person. But her new request was so far beyond anything I could have imagined I didn't know what to think. I found myself unable to speak.

"I guess this is all very unusual and strange. I'm so sorry dear Audrey. But you are astonishing. I want so much for you to enjoy this experience I so badly wish to give to you. And I know you cannot imagine what it is I am asking. I guess I am asking you to trust me." As she was saying this, her hands undid my sash, parted my kimono. Her lips found mine, again, and my legs opened for her hand which was gently caressing my thighs. She stopped talking. I stopped thinking. Again, as it had never been with anyone else, it was nothing but feelings.

Her hand rested under my breast, gently holding it. Her lips sucked in my nipple while her tongue and teeth teased it. Her fingers ran teasingly down my belly, and her mouth followed. She slid to the floor, kissing my legs, gently parting my thighs with her hands. I leaned back on my palms, clenching the bedding between my fingers, praying that she would kiss my cunt the way I'd imagined so many times. She wasted no time. Again, it was as if I was there, twice: the me that she was making love to, the me that was feeling her tongue and lips, her hands on my legs and ass; and the me that watched this beautiful, sophisticated, worldly woman, on her knees, about to give pleasure to some other, stunning young woman, a changed woman I hardly knew, who sat, filled with expectation on the edge of a hotel bed, wrapped in printed silk that had parted, fallen from her shoulders to rest in a wrinkled pile across her bottom, around her wrists. That girl had arched her back, her exposed breasts pointed toward heaven, her mouth was agape, legs were spread wide, and she had begun to moan. Her hips had begun to move, slow rocking movements that matched the pressing and licking of the elegant woman who was between her thighs. As her hips rolled with the mouth that made love to her sex, her own mouth opened wider, her own tongue began to lick at her lips, as if she too were loving another woman's sex. Her chest rose and fell with the feelings, her deepening breaths. She was lost in the sensations that built, quickly, like rising surf rolling onto a wet beach. The waves, the beach. The tongue, the cunt. The clit reaching out to be flicked, and sucked, nibbled. "Oh dear god, it has never been like this. I will die from such intense pleasure!" I thought that, I really did. It was that overwhelming. But I didn't die. I lived. I was alive, more alive than I'd ever been, living more fully than I'd ever lived, every nerve atingle, every part of my body somehow acutely aware of itself. She was between my legs, beautiful, wanting nothing more than to please me. 

I spread my legs still wider. I rolled my hips more aggressively. As if she were inside my head, inside my body, she matched my motions, my wonderful terrible overwhelming need for her tongue with long deep strokes into my cunt. Her nose rubbed my clit. Then she lifted her head placing her wet chin over my opening, letting her tongue make love to my clit. Her breath fanned my flames. I made sounds from somewhere deep within me. The shrieks and moans did not seem to come from my throat. The sobs, the whimpers, it all came from somewhere else, somewhere farther inside me. I did not care what I looked like. I did not care what I sounded like. I did not care. I did not. I did. I just did. I moaned and writhed and clenched. Mouth opening, legs opening, cunt opening. Wider.

The orgasm built, slowly, deeply, hugely. This was not the soft whimpering cum we had shared minutes before. This was a tidal wave, a tsunami washing over me, a spasm that grabbed my belly, rolled through me over and over, bigger each time until I swore I could not stand anymore pleasure; but it did not end there, it continued, forever, and I rode it with my body heaving, wailing, moaning, keening my bottomless pleasure until, after forever, beyond time, I fell, flat on the bed her wet face kissing my thighs, lost somewhere beyond the real in a place I had never dreamed possible. Shuddering. Twitching. Sobbing tears of ecstasy.

Dear god in heaven, I did not know you had made us capable of such feelings, such incredible pleasure. I am lost in them. 

Linda slowly slid onto the bed beside me. She held me. She wrapped me in her warmth and affection, and I continued to sob as the spasms shook me, after shocks, tiny orgasms, again and again, simply from the feeling of her body beside mine. I fell asleep in her embrace, dreaming I was riding a giant black mare who galloped through the air, thousands of feet above a dark forest, her gate like that of a rocking chair, a huge but gentle beast who would take me to a place of great beauty. I dreamed I was asleep, on a silk-sheeted bed, surrounded by women whose faces I could not see, but who, I could sense, stared at my naked body with such intensity it was frightening. I dreamed they began touching me, everywhere. And then, I stopped dreaming and fell into the calm, dark, quiet, of deep and restful dreamless sleep.