 I must have forgotten where I was, my sleep had been so deep, so restful, so wonderfully luxurious! At first I just sort of rolled over, softly sighing. Then I felt the satin of the kimono on my back and shoulders and remembered: I was in Linda's room, in Linda's bed, and if I was going to be honest about it, in Linda's power. She had so utterly seduced me with her gentle persuasion, with the gifts of pleasure she'd given me, that I'd do anything to have more. I began to remember the touching, the rubbing, the wonderful way she'd kissed and licked my eager cunt, the way I'd cum with her, oh boy yes, the way I'd cum! Shaking. Sobbing. Moaning. Whimpering like a baby.

The room was now darker than it was when I'd fallen asleep. The sun had gone down. A single lamp was glowing beside the wing chair. Linda was sitting there, staring at me. "Sleep well, little one?" she asked, smiling.

With a slightly muffled voice, a voice that struggled to rise with me into consciousness I answered with a soft moan, "Mmmmm. Yes. Yes, I did."

"I'm glad you woke up. If you hadn't, I'd have come over to wake you myself."

"Why don't you come to bed now?" I asked, smiling, hinting, asking without asking for more of the touching and kissing.

"I would love to little one, but we haven't time. The party will start in a little while and we have to get you ready . . ."

Oh yes, the party! The favor she'd asked. The event I was brought here for, to be the star attraction. I'd almost forgotten. Linda had said, " . . . trust me," and I guess, by now, I did. Completely. Otherwise, why would I still be in her room, wearing only a scanty silk kimono, and a big smile?

"Audrey, I thought you might like to bathe before the party. Come on, I'll help you." She walked over to the bed and extended her hand. I took it and sat up. Linda leaned over to kiss me. She smiled a wickedly delicious smile and steadied me as I got out of bed. We walked together into the bathroom. It was steamy. The tub, a big Victorian thing with feet, was full almost to the top with fragrant suds. "Wow!" I thought, "I haven't had a bubble bath since I was a kid!" I let the kimono slide down my shoulders, fall down my back, hang a moment on my bottom, before slipping down my legs to the floor. I lifted my leg to step into the tub. The water was warm, soft; it smelled like perfume, "Like Paris," I thought, and laughed--how the hell would I know? I'd never been more than a hundred miles from home!

I lowered myself into the water. Linda kneeled down beside me and began to gently rub my back with a big, soft, natural sponge. She squeezed it and let the fragrant suds and warm water pour over my skin. She lifted the sponge again and gently washed my breasts. She asked me to stand. Slowly, lovingly, she continued, letting the warm solution pour over my tummy, my bottom, down my legs. She gently washed my inner thighs and cunt. I was standing with my back to her, legs spread, hands against the wall. I was getting very excited again, but Linda never lingered anywhere long enough for my arousal to build to a climax. She was washing me, so lovingly, and I was close to begging her to let me cum when she said, "Audrey, dear, hold onto your desire for a bit. Let it build. I'm sure you won't be disappointed with the evening to come."

She asked me to turn toward her. Gently placing a razor against my labia, she touched up my shaved pussy, making the skin as smooth as that on my bottom. Again, her touch made me eager for an orgasm. Not saying anything about how I was feeling (I just knew she'd stop if she knew I was trying to cum). I just wallowed in the feeling of her hand smoothing soap on my sensitive vagina, her hand tightening the skin so the razor would cut cleanly, the blade itself as it slid across the wonderfully slippery skin. It was all so incredible. It looked awesome, this wonderful woman on her knees, shaving me, my own naked body glistening with water and suds. And the feeling of her hands working on my body, god! I closed my eyes, and the feelings built, stronger. I tried not to show how close I was to cumming, again. I bit my lip and tried to keep my breathing steady. I did not moan. I didn't even whimper. I just let the feelings grow. And grow. I felt myself beginning to shake, felt the rising sensations deep inside me. Felt myself losing contact with the room, the place, even Linda as I was about to become lost in that incredible feeling. Just as the waves were about to crash, Linda took her hands off me. I was shaking. Never in my life had I been so close, and so eager to cum. Anything in that moment would have sent me over the top--a breath of air, maybe even just a word, a word like, "Yes," but Linda said nothing and the moment subsided uneasily once again into a desperate, smoldering aching want.

I stepped out of the tub. Linda patted me dry, letting the soft cotton towel caress my body, everywhere, but never lingering long enough anywhere to allow my feelings to build to an orgasm. It was wonderfully sexy, but somehow restrained. By now, I felt as if I'd cum a thousand times since getting out of bed, but I hadn't actually been allowed that total release once. My mind was emptied of everything but sensations and desires. 

When I was dry, Linda took a large, soft pad and a tin of scented powder, and gently patted me, covering my skin giving it a soft, satin appearance, adding to the fragrance of the bath the same wonderful scent as that of the bubbles, only a bit stronger, on every part of my body. When she patted me between the legs, I widened my stance, closed my eyes, felt the touch of the soft pad and began to moan softly (what the hell, I thought, not moaning hadn't bought me release, I'll just let go), once again feeling myself building toward an orgasm. This time Linda touched me a bit longer, and I was certain she had changed her mind and wanted me to finally cum. I began pressing my hips toward the wonderfully soft pad, rubbing myself against it, and felt the feelings building rapidly, again. As I began to moan louder, wanting ever so badly the release that would come, that by now I wanted so badly I was almost crying, Linda pulled the pad away. My breath came in short gasps. My entire body was tingling, and my heart was pounding. I begged her to please touch me again, to allow me to touch myself and masturbate for her. I didn't care if it looked awful, I didn't care if she might think I was a terrible, disgusting slut. I just wanted to cum so very very much.

Linda just smiled and said. "Wait, dear. Wait a bit longer. I promise you it will be worth your patience."

We went back into the bedroom. Linda dressed me, if you want to call it that. There wasn't much to wear. She gently helped me put on a pair of lacy thigh-high stockings, black lace with a repeating rose pattern and a seam up the back, topped with a tight band of solid black about two inches wide. I stepped into a pair of black velvet shoes that were taller than anything I'd ever seen. They lifted me six inches from the floor, made me appear as long legged as a gazelle, accentuated the muscles in my calves and thighs. Around my neck, she placed the inch wide choker, covered with diamonds she had worn earlier in the day. I was curious; I couldn't help asking, "Linda, are these diamonds real?" She smiled and answered, "Oh yes dear, quite real."

Over my shoulders she placed what looked like a white dinner jacket, the sort of thing men wear to formal parties with a pleated-front shirt and black bow tie, only I wasn't wearing any shirt, and I wore no tie. In fact, I wore nothing at all under the jacket. The jacket, when buttoned, only just covered the cheeks of my ass. My shaved, powdered and perfumed cunt was barely hidden.

While Linda dressed me, her hands were softly touching me. The stockings ended at mid-thigh, but her hands had lingered on the scented powdered skin between my legs, near my most sensitive place. When she fastened the clasp on the necklace, she let her hands slide down my back to softly hold my bottom. She pressed a finger between my legs and I opened myself wider for her. She slid her finger into my slippery cunt from behind, a cunt that had been wet with wanting for what seemed like hours. The orgasm, so close while I was being bathed, that got even closer when Linda dried me, the orgasm that had come so near to sending me over the top when she patted my cunt with the perfumed powder rose again. I found myself begging her out loud, pleading for her to touch me more deliberately, more directly, to bring me across the threshold from need to have, from aching to hard heaving, moaning, wailing ecstasy; but she did not. She let her finger fall from my cunt, her hand from my ass. Again, I trembled, tried to catch my breath, struggled even to stand. It was torture. I would have done anything for her permission to cum. And this torture, while excruciating, was also exquisite. Each time she touched me now, it was an event unlike anything I'd ever felt in my life.

Even the feeling of lipstick, so expertly wielded by her experienced hands now seemed more like a tongue exploring my lips than mere makeup being applied. When she arranged my hair, slicking it back with glossy gel, combing it with a wide-toothed comb, making me look like some kind of sex performer in a horribly nasty Berlin cabaret, she kissed my neck, and it sent a shiver straight to my now terribly alert and sensitive cunt. By the time we walked out the door together, I was a bundle of nerves, my entire body had become a sexual organ. I'd never felt so beautiful, so sexy, so aroused, so aware of my body and it's ability to feel, so willing to anything in order to find release.

We walked down the hall together, hand in hand, to the elegant Victorian elevator. When it arrived, we entered. There was a person already in there, and we joined him. He was a student I know at school. Dressed as I was, made up as I was, he certainly never would have guessed that I was the quiet girl who sat beside him in class. I assumed that he was working at the hotel for the summer because he was wearing pleated, pressed black pants, a white shirt, and a tie. Nobody around here dresses like that unless they have to! Certainly not the earthy students at the college! My powdered and perfumed body filled the car with the scent of flowers and exotic places. My naked thighs peered out below the jacket, above my unbelievably sexy stockings. 

My tilted feet lifted me to equal his height. The jacket I wore barely covered my breasts. My nearly naked legs, my partially exposed breasts were impossible for him not to see. My scent and look, my clear state of arousal were all thrown in that poor boy's face! I imagine it was pretty obvious I wasn't wearing anything underneath the jacket. He tried, in vain, not to stare. He tried, but failed, not to show how quickly the sight and scent of me had brought his own need for relief racing to the surface, the blood flowing into his penis. It was hopeless. I watched his erection grow. He couldn't cover it up, no mater how hard he tried. Finally, he gave up and just stared at me, his jaw slack, his mouth half open.

I knew that I was making him crazy, that I was driving him mad. Something about the obviousness of his overwhelming need, his blatant urge and discomfort got me even more excited. I wanted to exploit my power to create sexual desire, to push it as far as I could; because, I realized, the very idea that I could make another person ache so in wanting me made my own ache grow tremendously. My cunt was getting still wetter. My heart was racing, faster. I thought I might cum without touching myself from the sheer power of the past few hours, the building excitement I'd been feeling for so long. The arousal just kept building.

The elevator was an old one, and it moved very slowly. As it creaked and clanked down to the lobby, I leaned toward Linda, opened my jacket, and put her hand on my breast; mouth wide open, I kissed her. I let my tongue trace her lips before taking her face into my hands and holding it, cupping her chin and cheeks, sucking her tongue deep into my mouth, moaning softly, letting my legs spread so that my cunt was open. I took my hand from her face and ran it across my cunt, wetting it with my lubrication, shuddering with the feeling. When I stopped kissing her, I turned suddenly, looked deeply into the poor boy's eyes and smiled a wicked smile. There was a flicker of recognition. I could almost hear him thinking, "That can't be Audrey!" 

I think he was probably about to explode. Before the door opened I seductively wiped my cunt-wet finger--a finger covered with the scent of my sex and my arousal--slowly, across his parted lips. He leaned forward, eyes closed and inhaled. Then, I let the same hand slide across his pants, softly squeezing his bulge. When I did that, I saw felt penis lurch beneath his pants, and the spot where it pushed the fabric into a giant lump became wet, the dark, wet spot growing as the lump lurched in response to his uncontrollable spasms. He turned bright red. I could tell he was terribly embarrassed. "I am fucking deadly!" I thought, and buttoned my jacket. The door opened and we left him there to deal with his wet pants and embarrassment.