 Thanks to Zat7 for helping me take my amateur writing to another level :)

First story, would greatly appreciate feedback and critique... Considering do a second part (and so on..)?

Enjoy! PS.. All characters involved are 18+.

*

After class I walked up to her, she was sitting in a swivel chair behind her desk, looking down at some papers she was grading. She didn't seem to notice me, at least not acknowledging my presence, until I walked around the front of her desk then she looked up with a confused look. I gripped the edge of the chair and bent down to the right side of her neck. I moved her shoulder length hair aside and started gently kissing her neck. She gasped then sharply whispered, "what are you doing?" I slowly moved up to her ear then in a husky voice said, "shhhh... Do you want me to stop?" Immediately after which I nibbled on her ear lobe and cupped her right breast; drawing a louder gasp but no response. 

I took this as encouragement to proceed to slipping my hand under her shirt as I was now forcefully kissing her neck. I ran my hand over her flat stomach and relished the feeling of her sporadic breathing as well as contracting stomach muscles. A few moments passed when I could no longer resist groping both her breasts in my hands, at which she arched her back up, opening her whole upper body to my giddy hands. Trying to find a more comfortable position I placed my knee in between her legs, a short distance from her crotch. She no longer showed any signs of resistance but was even beginning to take deep, rapid breaths while low whimpers would occasionally escape her lips. 

She then took the next step to raise her arms and I took my cue to lift her shirt over her head, then drop it on the floor, before finally returning my mouth to her soft lips. My hands were in heaven exploring her upper body and soon ventured lower, unbuttoning her loose pants. Unfortunately, they were interrupted by my teacher's hands which gripped my wrists; confused at this sudden stop of such a great rush, I looked into her eyes and saw fear, lust and panic. I leaned and stopped just short of her mouth, simply breathing in and taking a quick glance up to her eyes, then I kissed her. 

After a few moments, our kiss quickly grew much more passionate than I imagined possible. The rest of our bodies remained still; when we finally broke our kiss she let go of my wrists, and placed her arms around my neck and we looked into each other's eyes. I seized this opportunity to attempt at moving my hand over her drenched panties. At this she shuddered with pleasure. I, myself, almost whimpered from excitement as I continued to lightly stroke her. She tried to stifle her moans by moving her mouth into my neck. I tugged at her stone-hard nipples with my left hand while stroking her pussy with my right. 

Unable to remain seated, she practically rammed me into the nearby wall, while still kissing me. This new position still allowed me to tug as well as stroke her body. Too dazed to read the clock mounted right in front of me, I had no idea how long we remained in this position before she was gasping for more. I pushed her panties further down and flicked her clit before slipping a finger inside of my moaning English teacher. My heart was racing and I began moaning into our kiss. Sensing she was near her first orgasm I pushed down on her sensitive clit with my thumb while pushing in another finger. She went wild and had to muffle her screams by nuzzling into my neck, while her entire body spasmed. Then she went limp in my arms and I lifted her chin to meet her lips with a big kiss. 

She pulled at my shirt and brought it, along with my sports bra, up over my head then dropped them on the floor, then swung her arms around my neck. She was giggling loudly, and during this short rest I teasingly whispered into her ear, "shhh.. Wouldn't want anyone to walk in on us at school, would you?" At this her face was swept over with fear of this reminder and she nodded, "before we wrap this up, it's your turn." I cocked my eyebrow and before I knew it she kneeling down and was already pulling down my uniform skirt. Completely undressed, she stood up and we kissed. While I tried to reach around her, she grabbed my wrist, not to interrupt me, but rather she raised them above my head and pinned them against the wall while rolling her body against mine.. She was completely in control. 

My body was hers for the taking, oh and she took it! Now it was my turn to stifle my moans as she began nibbling on my breasts. She then glided her mouth down my stomach, to my cunt. She sighed and I shuddered at her breath. Releasing my hands, she slipped in two fingers and my body went bananas! Trying to hold back my cries of ecstasy, she came back up and kissed me, still fingering my slipping wet pussy. She then bent back down and in only two to three minutes I was, as quietly as I could, screaming, "I'm gonna cum! I'm cumming!" Then I felt her lapping up my juices with her tongue while pulling out her two fingers. I had one last moan before I slumped over and pulled her face up to mine for a deep kiss. 

As we looked into each other's faces and cleaned ourselves up, I had a feeling this wouldn't be my last after school session.