 Two days later, I was sleeping soundly when the phone rang at a quarter after one in the morning. "Hello?"

"Alexa? Hi, it's Jess."

"What time is it?"

"Oh, holy shit! Alexa, I'm so sorry! I guess I'm still on Milan time."

I laughed, stretching and yawning at the same time. "That's okay."

"I'm at the airport. I don't suppose that there's any way you could come get me, is there?"

I was bushed. I'd spent an inordinate amount of time doing work the past evening and I had to get up early to do a presentation. Glancing at the clock, I noticed that I'd have to arise in four hours. "I'd love to, Jess, but I'm afraid that I'd crash on the way. Can you catch a cab?"

"Yeah, but I only have twenty bucks."

"I have some money. Buzz me when you get here and I'll come down." Thirty-five minutes, the buzzer sounded and catapulted me into wakefulness. I pulled on my robe, grabbed my purse and keys and took the elevator down to the first floor. Jess was waiting outside with the cab driver and I gave him forty dollars in addition to her twenty. When we were inside, I headed back to the elevator, leaving her to follow.

"Alexa? Are you mad?"

"No. Just very tired."

"I'm sorry. I tried to call Henrie ... "

"She's in Philly on business and Bob went to Indianapolis with Tom." I opened my apartment and stumbled in, tossing the keys and my purse on the table, shucking my robe and heading straight for my bed. "I'm sorry, Jess. I'm exhausted. I'll talk to you tomorrow."

"Could I stay here?"

I was half-asleep when her question seemed to bore through the veil. "Sure, Jess. Just don't snore, please?" I knew what I'd mumbled but I slipped quickly back into sleep. I don't know how long it was before I was jarred slightly awake by the weight on the bed but I blinked awake when her soft, warm body molded against my back, her hard nipples deliciously scraping against my skin.

"Alexa?"

I tried. I really tried to deny the emotion in her voice but I just couldn't. I had been working so hard to keep her off of my mind and but no amount of mental exercise could keep her from my body. I'd slept poorly the last two nights, my half-waking dreams filled with the soft touch of her lips and the memory of her innocent blue eyes. I lifted my head and turned to her, my breath suddenly shortened as her golden hair, now silvery in the pale moonlight, slid over my shoulder as she bent to kiss me.

"Jess ... "

She shushed me, then pressed her lips against mine, pausing a few seconds before sliding her tongue in deep and conquering the last bit of resistance I had. My entire body trembled as she pressed me onto my back and covered me with her sweet, naked form, one thigh sliding between mine and pushing against my pussy. I gasped and she broke the kiss, moving her mouth down to the side of my neck and nibbling there. 

"Jess, you don't have to ... "

"Yes, I do." She whispered huskily, kissing her way down and over to my left nipple. I cried out as she sucked hard on it, quickly bringing it into hardness. "I want you." My mind fuzzed with pleasure as my pussy twitched against her knee. She moved again, the rhythm matching with the flicks of her tongue and in a matter of moments, I was begging her to let me cum. She quickly released my nipples and let her mouth move down my stomach.

"Jess, please ... "

"Quiet." Her admonishment made my stomach twist again. Something in the way she said it, in the strength I heard behind that single word that made me lie back and open my legs to her. I felt her breath first, then a tentative stab from her tongue, then ...

"Oh!" The breath left my lungs in a sudden whoosh as she attacked my clit. I didn't expect such a skillful assault and I immediately came with a confused scream of pleasure. It had been such a long time since I'd been with someone and my hungry pussy quickly reminded me of that salient fact. 

I had barely enough time to catch my breath when she slid that wonderfully agile tongue down the insides of my pussy lips. Moving very slowly, she allowed her tongue to trace the insides of my outer lips, darting inside to stab my still-swollen and very sensitive clit, then gently moving downward. My moan became a long exhalation, punctuated by a few sudden gasps and my body arched under her will, my thoughts completely absent.

"I want you to come on my tongue, Alexa."

I heard her but I really wasn't thinking. My brain had disconnected from the rest of my body and was solely focused on the alternately gentle, then rough touch of her tongue. I panted, gasping as she ravished my pussy, licking, sucking, then lipping my sex and drawing me closer and closer to the edge. When she slid a finger into my clutching quim, I growled, fighting the urge to explode and my efforts brought an appreciative kiss from her.

"I thought you'd be harder to get than this."

"I'm not a whore." I weakly protested, trying to sit up but she forced me back down.

"I didn't say that." She bit the side of my neck, her finger pressing inside me at the same time. "I just thought you were more worldly than me."

I didn't have the chance to respond before she had lowered her body again, her mouth targeting my throbbing clit and another finger slipping inside my wet hole. I groaned and panted, lacing my fingers into the sheets as she finally dropped down and speared my weeping hole. The world fell away. 

Balls of heat rumbled through my stomach and I grabbed onto the edges of the mattress, holding on for dear life as she explored my hole, lapping up my juices and coaxing more down with each lick and thrust. "Mmmm, Alexa." Her whisper wrapped around me and heightened my senses as my body shouted, every nerve ending flaming into life as I finally gave up the fight, succumbing to the delicious heat that swept through me. 

I wasn't aware of anything except her mouth attached to my clit and the two fingers that I now held captive in my clutching quim and it was several minutes before I came back to Earth, shivering and wondering what the hell had happened to me. She removed her fingers, then released my clit, moving down to lick up some of my escaping juices. Her tender ministrations brought on two smaller orgasms that had me gnashing my teeth together, desperately trying to hold onto my last vestiges of control.

It didn't work.