 Authors Note: You know how you have those vacations and you say, Oh I'm going to get so much work done, and then you can't? That's totally what happened to me. I hope you guys had a great holiday. Here is the next installment of Something Unexpected. Happy Cyber Monday you sexy guys and gals! 

*

"Isaiah?" Angel said hesitantly and confused as she answered the door. "What are you doing here?"

"I came to see you," Isaiah said with a smile, "Can I come in?"

"I'm not alo..."Angel began but could not finish.

Before Angel could answer his question, Isaiah had already pushed passed her and began jogging up the stairs. How the hell does he know where I live? Angel thought.

When Angel reached the top of the stairs, she saw Isaiah paused at the top stair. "Which door is it?" he asked.

"It's that one and like I said before, I'm not alone, so wait out here." Angel said before walking into her apartment. 

Ugh, I am so not in the mood to deal with Isaiah right now, Angel thought.

When Angel walked in, she was surprised to see that Michelle was no longer in the living room.

Thinking she might just be waiting in her bedroom, Angel walked in her bedroom and gasped. 

Michelle was spread out on her bed topless. 

Angel paused in the doorway for a few seconds and took in Michelle's figure.

Her body was beautiful. If Angel could sum it up in one word it would be, mesmerizing.

Small pert breasts, capped with nice dusky nipples and creamy areolas gave way to smooth flat abs. Michelle's nipples reminded Angel of chocolate and she was itching to crawl on the bed with Michelle and give them a taste. 

Angel licked her lips and groaned as she imagined running her hands all over Michelle's athletic body. 

Before Angel could say a word, Michelle pulled her in close for a deep kiss. Michelle massaged Angel's scalp with her hand and held her by the neck. 

"How did you get your body to look so good?" Angel said with a groan between kisses.

"Haha," Michelle sexually chuckled as she kissed Angel, "I told you I used to run track."

"That was a long time ago, you body shouldn't still look this good." Angel said in disbelief.

"What can I say," Michelle said with a shrug of her shoulders, "I like to work out."

Michelle then flexed her biceps.

"Matter of fact," Michelle said as she kissed Angel harder and bit her bottom lip, "I see something I need to work out now."

As Michelle began trying to pull Angel onto the bed with her, Angel reluctantly pulled away. 

"What's wrong?" Michelle asked in a voice clouded in husky arousal. 

"Uh...My ex boyfriend is here." Angel said hesitantly, staring at Michelle's hard nipples. 

Where the fuck did this jackass come from? Michelle thought.

"Your ex, what the hell is he doing here?" Michelle said as she began hurriedly putting on her clothes. 

"I don't know," Angel said while looking around for Michelle's shirt and then handing it to her. 

"I don't even know how he knows where I live," Angel began and froze.

Fully dressed, Michelle turned to see what stopped Angel.

"What's wrong...?" Michelle began but abruptly cut off when she followed Angel's eyes to her tattoo. 

Fuck, fuck fuck! Michelle thought. Not this, not now! Fuck.

"It was you that night at Barcode wasn't it?" Angel said softly.

"Listen, Angel I can explain..." Michelle began.

"Do not stand there and lie to me!" Angel yelled and pushed Michelle away. "If it is one thing in this world I cannot, and will not tolerate, it is a liar."

"Just let me explain," Michelle said pleadingly, moving toward Angel again. 

"It all makes sense to me now." Angel said hysterically. 

"You were Elise's friend that she introduced me to and you were with me in the tent. I saw your tattoo that night. I distinctly remember admiring your Gemini tattoo." Angel said shaking her head hysterically. 

Michelle moved closer to Angel and cupped her face with her hands. 

"I'm sorry. I never meant to lie to you." Michelle said.

"Really Erin...Really? How am I supposed to believe that when our whole relationship is a lie?" Angel said hurt.

All Michelle could do was look at her. 

"Erin isn't even your real name is it? What was it Elise introduced you as...oh right it was Michelle." Angel said angrily and pushed Michelle back away from her.

Angel was even more hurt that maybe her best friend Elise had something to do with Michelle's lie.

"You and Elise must have had a big laugh at my expense." Angel said shaking her head sadly.

"Elise had nothing to do with this. When I told her I liked you, she told me to immediately tell you the truth and how much you hated liars." Michelle said in a rush. 

"So why didn't you take her advice?" Angel said looking up through her soaked lashes. 

"I didn't want to lose you; to lose this, to lose us." Michelle said pulling Angel into her arms and cradling her neck. 

"I can't believe this. I can't believe you lied to me." Angel said shaking her head as she stood stiffly in Michelle's arms. 

"I thought I could trust you, I thought with you being a woman I had nothing to fear, that I would be safe. You're just as bad as a man." Angel said sadly as tears began to run down her face as she moved her head away from Michelle.

Angel hated to cry because she didn't like feeling weak. 

"Look Angel..." Michelle began.

"Angel?" Madeline said while knocking on Angel's door. "I saw Isaiah waiting out in the hallway so I just let him in. I'm going to drop off my bag and then I'm heading back out again. I love you." Madeline said walking away.

Fuck this is the worse time to be having this conversation, Michelle thought.

"Just get off me." Angel whispered to Michelle and walked out of her room.

"Ah, so you were studying it looks like." Isaiah said looking at Angel's white board in the living room. "For a second, I thought you were trying to say you had a man over."

"Ugh and if I did Isaiah? Look I'm really not in the mood, so don't go there." Angel said, going over to the kitchen sink to get a glass of water. 

"What's wrong?" Isaiah said going over to Angel and rubbing her back.

Your ass is in my space breathing my air, Angel angrily thought.

Michelle chose that moment to come out into the room with her things. Seeing Isaiah so close to Angel made her blood boil and she scowled at him before he turned around. 

"I'm going to head out now. Thanks for helping me with my chemistry." Michelle said and headed for the door.

Angel's only answer was "you're welcome" thrown over her shoulder as she headed for the couch. 

Isaiah watched the exchange with curious looks.

"That's what I like about you Angel, you are so helpful." Isaiah said.

"So why are you here?" Angel said turning her gaze on Isaiah.

"Wow, uh, you just want to get right into it huh. Can't we have a little small talk first? How have you been?" Isaiah asked.

"Wonderful, and you?" Angel replied.

"I've been great, I started working at a warehouse now and I'm making great money." Isaiah said.

"Still no plans to go back to school huh?" Angel asked with a smirk.

"Here you go. How many times do I have to say it Angel. College isn't for everyone." Isaiah said.

"I know that Isaiah but what kind of example are you setting for the kids you will have one day? You went to school and finished half of the program and decided to drop out because you're making enough money without a college degree." Angel said shaking her head at his ignorance.

"It's my decision." Isaiah said.

"Ok," Angel replied. "But why are you here?" 

Taking a breath, Isaiah switched gears and smiled at Angel.

"What can I say," Isaiah began with a chuckle, "I want you back?"

Oh fuck me! Angel thought in her head. Can this day get any worse? 

"I promise that this time, I'll be better." Isaiah said pleadingly as he noticed Angel's eyes roll. 

"I loved you Angel, I never stopped loving you. Yes we may have our ups and downs and fight, but that's normal in relationships. " Isaiah said and kissed Angel.

I just want something real, Angel thought. 

Before Angel could make a bad decision she pushed Isaiah away. 

"What happened to your girlfriend?" Angel asked.

Taken off guard by the question Isaiah replied, "What are you talking about?"

"Your girlfriend? You know the one that you were having sex with while you were having sex with me?" Angel said.

"Why do you always have to bring that up?" Isaiah replied tensely.

"Why do you always pretend like it didn't happen?" Angel said irritably. 

"I've already apologized for my past mistakes. I was young and I made bad decisions." Isaiah said. 

"You were young? Isaiah it hasn't even been a full year yet!" Angel yelled.

Before he could answer, Isaiah received a phone call from someone. After five minutes of listening to him argue and talk loudly on the phone, Angel turned on the TV and ignored him. 

"Look I'm on my way alright." Isaiah said angrily into the phone. 

"I have to go," Isaiah said. "Remember what I said ok, I miss you." Isaiah said kissing Angel's hand before he left. 

Angel locked the door and rested her forehead against the wood. 

"Lord, why me, why me!" Angel said out loud. Her emotions were tumultuous and in danger of spilling over. 

All she could think about was how Michelle had lied to her and with her ex's surprise return, the situation just seemed overwhelming.

Overwhelmed she began to cry and decided to go lay down. After twenty minutes of crying out her frustration, Angel fell asleep. ***************************

Michelle awoke the next morning from a fitful sleep.

When she looked in the mirror, all she could do was grimace. She looked and felt awful. 

She didn't know how she was going to fix things with Angel but she knew she would have to figure something out fast. Leaving a budding relationship in such a precarious position would definitely be detrimental. 

After an hour of sulking around her dorm room and curious stares from her roommate, she decided the best thing to do was to call Elise and get advice. 

"Elise man I fucked up." Michelle said when Elise answered the phone.

"What?" Elise said groggily. 

"I'm sorry Elise, I know it's early but I need your help." Michelle said.

"Ok, tell me what happened." Elise said getting up.

"She found out. She found out everything...and her ex was there and he was cozying up to her and I think I've lost her." Michelle said hopelessly.

"Woa, woa, calm down. She found out everything? How?" Elise asked.

"She saw my tattoo, and put it all together." Michelle replied.

"Well I could have told you that was going to happen. Look man you need to stop crying and fix this. Angel hates liars. If you give her too much time to think about this she will stop talking to you altogether." Elise advised.

"What should I do? I have class with her today, should I apologize or try to explain?" Michelle asked. 

"Let her cool off for a few days, but show her that you are apologetic without being a punk ass. Angel doesn't like when people constantly say they are sorry; to her those words are meaningless. Just be yourself and say it once." Elise said. 

"What about her mark ass ex?" Michelle all but growled.

"Angel is a smart girl. I don't think she will ever go back down that road again...For now I would say don't worry about him. Focus on repairing the damage you did and show her that she can trust you."

"Ok thanks. I have to head to class now; I'll let you know how it goes." Michelle said and disconnected the call.

Michelle got ready and headed to the biology lecture that she and Angel had. When she arrived in class she took her customary seat a row ahead of Angel. 

On her way to her seat, she noticed that Angel was sitting next to some guy and laughing as he told her a joke. 

Michelle was a little hurt and jealous at the same time. 

She had to remind herself that she and Angel were not in a relationship and Angel could date or do anything with whomever she wanted; telling herself that didn't lessen the hurt.

Michelle sat down next to a friend of hers and tried her best to focus on the professor's lecture. It wasn't too hard for her to follow what the professor was teaching but every so often she had to fight the urge to turn and look at Angel.

After awhile she found herself getting lost in the lecture. She had a real passion for proteins. Occasionally her friend would ask her a question about transcription or translation and whenever she turned and answered she would always get a whiff of Angel's perfume.

Soon enough the lecture was over. She turned in her seat to put her things in her book bag and also steal a glance at Angel. 

Their eyes locked. 

Instead of looking away, Angel gave her a look of anger and then turned and left with her friend. 

Michelle walked back to her dorm room with her head down. She was trying hard to come up with someway to get Angel to talk to her. 

She decided that she would try to talk to her outside of their biology lab class in a few hours. As a back up plan she decided to write a letter and slip it into Angel's book bag. 

****************

Angel was not looking forward to going to biology lab and facing Michelle. Knowing she couldn't skip, she quickly disposed of her lunch and walked from the student center to class.

When she arrived in class, she was relieved to see that only her and a few other students and some of her group partners were in class. 

While waiting for class to start, she got a text message from her ex.

It read. "Hey beautiful just wanted to let you know that I was thinking about you on my way to work. I miss you baby."

Not wanting to reply with a rude message, Angel decided not to reply at all. 

When Angel looked up, another one of her group members, Tiffany, came into the class and sat down next to her. 

"Where is Erin?" Tiffany asked.

"I don't know." Angel answered with a shrug.

Soon after that the lab TA decided to begin the lecture. Angel let out a sigh of relief because Michelle still had not arrived to class.

"Alright class, please pass your report papers forward and get ready for today's lecture. Today we will be extracting DNA from strawberries." The TA said. 

"I'd much rather eat the strawberries." Tiffany said. 

"Me too, they are my favorite fruit." Angel joined.

"You should try them with chocolate," Tiffany said lightly licking her lips "mmm chocolate and whip cream, it's just delicious."

"I'll have to try that sometime," Angel said distractedly as her breath caught. Michelle had just walked in the room. 

Angel was immediately filled with tension. She tried to calm herself by saying that Michelle wouldn't cause a scene in front of the whole class.

"Ok, I want you all to pair up with the person next to you, grab the necessary materials from the work bench and perform the lab on pg 256." The TA said.

"Looks like we are working together," Tiffany said with a smile.

"Thank God." Angel murmured under her breath.

*************

All throughout lab, Michelle watched Angel avoid her. Angel seemed to be getting along perfectly fine with her new lab partner Tiffany. 

Seeing them interact made Michelle's blood boil. 

Tiffany was just a little too friendly with Angel. It seemed to Michelle that Tiffany would find any excuse to touch Michelle or accidently bump into her.

Either Angel was naïve or a really great actress because she seemed unfazed by Tiffany's advances. 

Everywhere that Angel went, Tiffany soon followed.

Realizing that she would not be able to talk to Angel like she had planned, she decided to slip the note she wrote into Angel's book when the class went on their 15 minute break.

When the class came back from their break and lecture began, Angel continued to avoid her. Michelle decided not to press the issue and to let her letter do all the talking. 

Class went on as usual with Michelle answering some of the TA's questions as she went around from table to table making sure the students were paying attention to the lecture. 

When she left class, she noticed Angel and Tiffany exchanging numbers and making lunch plans. 

She told her lab partner David that if needed help writing the report he could email her this weekend and she left.

**************

Angel didn't get a chance to talk to Elise until Wednesday afternoon in between classes. Instead of talking to Elise about what happened between her and Michelle, she decided to talk to Elise about Cami.

"Hey Angel, long time no speak." Elise answered the phone with a chuckle.

"I could say the same for you." Angel laughingly replied.

"So what can I do for you?" Elise asked.

"You know why I'm calling." Angel said.

Playing dumb, Elise vaguely replied, "Humor me."

"Camilla told me what happened at the club that night." Angel said.

"Oh god, did she?" Elise said and Angel could tell she wanted to say more.

"Yea, she did." Angel said smiling at Elise's hesitance. 

"How is she doing? Man we haven't talked since that night. She won't return any of my calls, texts, or any messages." Elise exclaimed.

"She's fine Elise, but that's beside the point, what are you going to do?" Angel asked directly.

"I don't know. What can I do? She seems to have given up on everything. You know how I feel about her. With what happened at the club, everything is just muddled." Elise replied.

"I know how you feel, but does she?" Angel asked.

"Angel, you know it's hard to express my feelings. I don't like needing people man." Elise said.

"So what are you going to do about it? I know you're not just going to let her walk away and give up?" Angel said.

"No, I'm not. I already know what you are going to say, and I don't know if I can do it." Elise replied shakily.

"You've got to talk to her soon Elise. This non-communication is not good for you guys relationship or friendship." Angel said.

"At least say something to her. Stop her after class, say hello, anything to start. You can't let it keep going on like this." Angel finished.

"Ok, Angel. I'll drive down and stop her outside of class. If that doesn't work, I'll figure something else out. Thanks man." Elise said.

"Umm last I checked I had big breasts and a vagina." Angel joked. 

"You know what I meant." Elise said chuckling. "Has anything been going on in your life though?"

"Yea, idiot central came back into my life." Angel said.

"Ugh, do I need to kick that jerks ass?" Elise said itching to finally get Angel's ex for all the bad things he did.

"No, I can handle him." Angel replied.

"Anything else happen?" Elise asked.

"Yea, I met you friend Michelle again. Let's just say that it didn't go well." Angel began.

"Really, why not?" Elise inquired.

"I was starting to like her and found out she lied to me." Angel flippantly replied.

"So what are you going to do?" Elise asked.

"I don't know yet Elise, it's all so fresh and I just need time to think about it." Angel replied.

"I understand." Elise said

"Look, I'll have to talk to you later. Remember what I said Elise. I love you bff." Angel said.

"I love you too." Elise said and then disconnected the call. 

******************

Angel didn't notice Michelle's letter until Thursday after her biology lecture. With no other classes for the day, she decided to read the letter when she got home. 

It read:

Dear Angel: 

I know right now that I am the last person that you want to talk to, But I figured this was the only way that you would hear me out. First off let me say how incredibly sorry I am for not being honest with you. I'm not going to make excuses for why I did what I did, I will just say I am very sorry.

I really like you Angel, These past few weeks have been the happiest I have had in a long time. I've never met a girl who has such a kind and giving heart. I think you are a wonderful person and although I would love for us to continue working on wherever we are headed, I will gladly accept just being your friend. 
