 A/N: Hello loves!!!! I have missed you guys so much and have thought about you daily. Even though I have not been posting, I have been writing. I'm so sorry for the long hiatus but school was grueling. But I never forgot about you guys :-) I know I said that this would be the last chapter but I just couldn't do the story justice if I lumped everything into one chapter. You need a nice buildup, some twists and turns and nice ending that ends in mind blowing sex right? I have already started working on 8 there maybe a 9 depending on how long 8 is. I hope you enjoy it loves. 

*

The girls scrambled in a flurry of activity after Olivia fell to the floor. Michelle went to check Olivia's vitals as Angel frantically called Javon. 

"Omg Javon, my mom just collapsed!" Angel screamed into the phone.

"Is she breathing?" Javon asked instantly becoming alert. 

After confirmation from Michelle, Angel answered yes.

"Don't move her, if she hit her head she could have a concussion or something very serious. Call 911 and get an ambulance. James Ridgeway Hospital is the closest. I will call and see who's on call and meet you there Ok?" Javon said with an air of calm.

"Ok." Angel said feeling the need to cry.

"Angel she is going to be ok, but you have to be strong for her now." Javon said his skills as a paramedic evident.

"All right." Angel answered and disconnected the call. 

"Hello dispatcher...I need an ambulance to 108 Delaney St. now!" 

The crew was there in less than five minutes and loading Olivia into the truck. 

Michelle ushered Angel into her car, and the two drove behind the ambulance. The whole ride consisted of Angel berating herself, to crying, to getting angry. By the time they reached the hospital she was even more beside herself.

When they arrived at the hospital Javon greeted them at the door. 

"They said she has come to and is responsive. They are going to do some tests and check her vitals and see what could have caused the sudden collapse." Javon began. 

"Do you know what could have caused her to collapse like that?" Javon inquired.

Angel outwardly cringed and looked at him like a helpless wreck. She felt so guilty that her sex life was the cause of her mother's accident.

Seeing her distress, Michelle decided to answer with a partial truth. "She saw Angel naked when she got out of the shower."

"Woa." Javon said shocked. Seeing that this only made Angel feel worse he decided to give her a little comfort. 

"I'm sure that this was not your fault Angel. A little nudity never killed anybody." He tried to joke off lamely.

"Let's go inside." Angel said.

After 40 minutes of waiting in the waiting room and tracking down Olivia's room, they were finally able to see her.

Once they arrived in the room, the tension between Angel and her mom was palpable. Olivia alternated between disapproving tsks and shakes of the head while Angel just fidgeted in her chair.

After 20 minutes of the non-verbal run around, the doctor came back with some of Olivia's medical results.

"As suspected, your blood sugar was very low. For a woman with diabetes, I know you know that you have to stay on top of your diet." The doctor said in a no nonsense tone.

"Mom, you didn't tell me you were a diabetic." Angel said shocked that her mother didn't tell her something so important.

"Seems like we both have been keeping secrets." Olivia said with a direct stare at Michelle. 

Breaking the mounting tension the doctor said, "We are just going to run a few more tests to confirm the problem, monitor you overnight, and release you in the morning."

"Ok." Olivia said. After the doctor left she requested without really asking, "I need to talk to my daughter in private."

After everyone left, Olivia sighed heavily and exclaimed, "How come you didn't tell me about this..."

"I could say the same thing to you mother." Angel said defensively.

"This isn't about me." Olivia said in a nonsense take no prisoners mothering tone. "What is going on with you and this girl?"

At first Angel couldn't answer. She walked away from the comfort of her mother's bed to window and began to stare out.

After 2 minutes she said, "Mother, I have liked women all my life. I've hidden it and tried to fight it because I knew you and the family would not approve."

After a while she continued, "I love you dearly and I don't want to hide who I am anymore."

"I see." Olivia said taking a deep sigh. "Well this has completely caught me off guard. I never thought you would have told me you were one of those...sexuals." She said gesturing with her hand.

"You're so feminine and prissy, how can you be gay? You were so happy with Isiah." Olivia said confused.

"Gay comes in all shapes, styles and colors mom." Angel said facing Olivia.

"I need time. I'm just uncomfortable." Olivia said looking away.

"Ok mom. I'll come and get you tomorrow. I love you." Angel said hugging her mother and leaving. 

When Angel got to the waiting room she saw Javon dressed in his scrubs. 

"My shift is actually about to start. I'm going to pop in and check on her and give you updates." Javon said. 

"Ok, thanks." Angel said giving him a big hug. Michelle then ushered her out to the car.

Michelle could tell that something happened between Angel and her mother but she didn't want to pry. She knew that Angel would talk to her about it if she needed to. As she drove to Angel's apartment, she held Angel's hand in her lap.

As soon as Angel got inside of her apartment, she plopped down on the couch and sighed deeply. 

"Could you come and give me a massage?" Angel asked Michelle.

As Michelle began massaging her shoulders, Angel slowly began to relax. 

"Tell me what you're thinking." Michelle said kissing the side of Angel's temple.

"Where do you see this thing between us going?" Angel asked turning to face Michelle.

"I want to be with you. I think we have excellent chemistry and we balance each other out. I know we have only known each other for a little while but I have really strong feelings for you. I'm not afraid to tell you, I love you." Michelle said whispering the last part in Angel's ear.

"Before today, I didn't know where this relationship was going. I thought let's not think about the future, let's just have fun and see where it goes." Angel began.

"Before today, I also thought that I would never tell my mother that I was gay...You wanna know what I was thinking when I told her?" Angel asked standing up and beginning to pace.

"What were you thinking?" Michelle asked.

"I was thinking that in order to be truly happy I need to be honest with myself and my mother. I could never feel completely loved by my mother without being honest about who I am." Angel said.

"I've realized that all this time I've carried this huge weight on my shoulders and after telling her I felt free. It was a little scary because my whole life I never felt gay, well bisexual I guess, but once I told her it felt like a hole inside me was filled. I thought yea this is who I am, and like my life can now truly begin." Angel said with tears in her eyes.

"I'm so happy for you Angel. I wish coming out to my parents would have been as great as that, but I'm happy for you." Michelle said hugging Angel tightly. 

"Telling my mom also made me think about you too...well us." Angel said hesitantly

"What about us?" Michelle said nervously. 

"I realized on the car ride back, that I haven't really given you a chance. These past few weeks I've been treating you like a fuck buddy with no commitment in sight and you don't deserve that." Angel said.

Michelle only response was a sad smile before she hung her head.

"You are beautiful inside and out Michelle and you deserve someone who tells you that everyday; someone who is going to be proud to hold your hand in public and someone who will make love to you whenever you want." Angel said hold Michelle's chin so that she looked her in the eyes.

"So what are you saying, that you aren't that person?" Michelle said with silent tears rolling down her eyes. 

"I'm saying I want to be with you. I don't know what the future holds or if I will go running back to dick at the first sight of trouble, but I want to at least try this. I promise to be honest with you about how I feel and to be open to this relationship." Angel finished.

"That's what I wanted to hear." Michelle said kissing Angel softly on the lips and they both started to laugh.

"All news isn't bad news Michelle." Angel said kissing Michelle all over her face and then holding her in her arms.

Angel held Michelle on the couch for a while stroking her hair and her face and she gently hummed a tune.

"Let's go to sleep." Michelle said pulling Angel to her feet and toward the bedroom.

The girls were asleep within moments of hitting the bed. Angel woke Michelle up in the middle of the night to slowly make love to her and slowly caress her back to sleep. Michelle had never felt so loved.

The next day Angel left early to pick her mother up from the hospital.

As she waited in the roundabout to load her mother into her car, she grew anxious. The conversation with her mother was still unresolved but she didn't want to bring it up.

Her mother saved her from having to broach the subject.

"I know that yesterday did not go very well and I'm sorry for that. It's just that this completely caught me off guard. I never would have guessed that you are gay and I'm just uncomfortable." Olivia said.

"It's not like I want to have sex with every woman that I see mom. I just happen to be in a relationship with a woman now. I'm still me!" Angel said.

"I know. I just never imagined this life for you. It will take some getting used to but I support you. As long as you are happy. I'm happy for you." Olivia said.

"Well thanks mom, that's all I wanted to hear." Angel said smiling as she drove home.

"Eventually you will have to bring this young lady to meet the rest of the family." Olivia said with a sense of foreboding.

"I know and I am prepared. I'm nervous about everyone meeting her but I expect it to go well. You guys will like her, I know it." Angel said hopefully.

"Ok dear." Olivia said.

When Angel arrived at her apartment, she was shocked to see that her grandmother was there and from the looks of it she was getting along famously with Michelle.

"There's my favorite grandchild." Angel's grandmother Elouise said.

"Hi Grandma." Angel said smiling from ear to ear and giving her grandmother a hug.

"Me and you're best friend here were just cooking you girls something to eat. I figured my daughter would be hungry after eating all of that hospital food." Elouise said good-naturedly. 

As the group indulged in the wonderful breakfast that Michelle and Elouise prepared, Angel caught up with her family.

"So how did you and Michelle meet?" Elouise asked Angel.

"We have two classes' together, biology lab and lecture. Michelle is a biology major and since biology doesn't come as second nature to me it only made sense that I study with someone that it does." Angel said.

"Michelle when you speak, I hear and accent, where are you from?" Olivia asked inquisitively.

"Well, ma'am I was born and raised here, but my father's family is Puerto rican." Michelle said.

"I've always wanted to have more island relatives in our family. Our family is mostly Bermudian." Olivia said.

"You can only see our Bermudian roots when we are in a heated discussion or having a family party." Angel said.

"Speaking of family parties, you and Michelle should come down for my birthday." Elouise said to Angel.

"How could I refuse such a gracious invitation...I know it's been awhile since you have seen your favorite grandchild." Angel said smiling smugly.

Instead of responding immediately, Elouise just smiled.

"She just wants someone to help her back all those pies." Olivia said with a chuckle.

"Anything for you grandma." Angel said giving her grandmother a hug and a kiss.

"Well girl's we have to head out now. I need to get my daughter home before my husband starts worrying where we got off too." Elouise said getting up and gathering her purse.

"It was very nice meeting you Michelle, I feel like I have a new grandchild, welcome to the family." Elouise said giving Michelle a big hug goodbye.

"It was nice meeting you too." Michelle returning the hug.

Although the meeting went well, there was a tense moment when Olivia said goodbye to Angel and Michelle.

"As always darling it is great to see you. This meeting was...interesting to say the least. I miss you my angel, call your mother some time." Olivia said framing her daughter's face with her two hands.

Instead of hugging or embracing Michelle, she clutched her purse and said, "I look forward to the next time we meet. Maybe I will call in advance next time?"

"Yes ma'am." Michelle acknowledge with a nod of her head.

With the tension at an all-time high, Olivia and her mother left the apartment.

"Well as far as awkward meetings go, that was the most awkward meeting I have ever had." Angel said sitting onto the couch.

"I think your mother hates me." Michelle said staring after the door.

"She might, but I'm pretty sure she will get over it eventually. Hopefully. Maybe." Angel said mashing her face up into a confused mask.

Michelle's response was to snort.

"Come here baby, let's not worry about my family let's talk about us." Angel said waving Michelle over with her arms wide open.

"I'm supposed to be the one holding you." Michelle said with a chuckle. 

"I'm the man in this relationship." Michelle said puffing her chest up.

"Sometimes you have to switch the roles up." Angel said kissing Michelle's neck, "And just because you can bench press more than me, doesn't mean you aren't still a shrimp."

"Oh, I'm the shrimp?" Michelle said with laughter in her eyes.

"Yea, you're a huge shrimp, I'm bigger than you, taller than you and stronger than you." Angel said standing up and smiling down at Michelle.

"Is that so?" Michelle said.

"Yea, it is." Angel said. Before Angel could finish her sentence she was on the floor staring up at Michelle with a face of shock.

Michelle had both of Angel's wrists in her hands firmly above her head. She leaned into Angel's right ear and laughingly said, "Pinned ya."

Angel jerked and twisted and turned trying to get out of Michelle's hold in a flurry. Try as she might she couldn't get away from Michelle.

By the end of it they were both breathing hard and the buttons of Angel's shirt had come undone. 

Michelle watched Angel's cleavage as more and more of her delicious skin was revealed by her breathing.

"Mmm." Michelle moaned while pointedly looking at Angel's breasts.

"You're such a horn ball." Angel said twisting and trying to hide her breasts under her receding shirt. To her chagrin it only exposed her more to Michelle's eyes.

Michelle eyed Angel's lace bra.

"You know, green is my favorite color." Michelle said moving down and nudging the rest of Angel's shirt away with her nose and cheek.

"What are you doing?" Angel said helplessly and slightly aroused.

"I'm consummating our relationship." Michelle said with a chuckle. 

"Ooh." She said looking down as Angel scissored her legs, "I can smell your arousal."

"Oh yea?" Angel asked. "What are you going to do about it?" She said seductively while staring into Michelle's eyes.

"I'm going to give you the best night of your life." Michelle said licking Angel's cheek.

Angel moaned and said, "How about you undo my pants?" 

As Michelle moved to undo her pants, Angel arched her back. When Michelle moved her hands to Angel's zipper, Angel made her move. 

Catching Michelle off guard, Angel was finally able to wiggle out of Michelle's tight grip. 

Before she could fully get away however, Michelle had pinned her once again.

"Dammit!" Angel said blowing her hair out of her face.

"Why are you playing hard to get?" Michelle said with a chuckle.

Angel looked at Michelle hotly.

"Oh I see, you want it rough tonight." Michelle said with a smile. 

Michelle immediately stood up and yanked Angel to stand beside her.

Once Angel was right side up, Michelle pulled Angel's arm behind her back and ushered her into the bedroom.

"Aaah." Angel said as a slow burn moved from her wrist to her shoulder. "What are you doing?"

"Showing you the real meaning of being a tease." Michelle answered confidently.

When they reached the bedroom, Michelle walked Angel to her closet and got out her bag of goodies.

She then ordered Michelle toward the bed. When she reached the bed, Michelle carefully removed Angel's bra. She then instructed Angel to bend over the bed.

After she bent over the bed, Michelle quickly tied her wrists to opposite side of the bed with silk ties. 

Michelle eased Angel's jeans and panties down her legs. She then instructed Angel to spread her legs wide.

When Angel opened her legs, Michelle got a glimpse of Angel's pussy. Her lips stood out proudly and her pussy was covered in wetness. 

Michelle sucked in her breath. The site of Angel splayed before her in such a blatant invitation of arousal was almost too much.

If she didn't plan this right, she would be the one being teased not Angel.

Leaning down, Michelle put her face very close to Angel's center. She breathed in her heady scent. 

As she deeply inhaled and breathed out, Angel jerked from the sensation of her breath fanning her nether regions.

"That tickles." Angel said trying to sidestep as far as she could from Michelle.

"First rule of tonight. Do not speak unless I ask you a question. Ok?" Michelle said.

"Ok, but what about...." Angel began.

"Second rule, the only thing you need to be worried about is moaning and enjoying the sensations I produce." Michelle said.

"Ok, but..." Angel began.

"No butts." Michelle said as she quickly pushed two fingers into Angel's dripping pussy.

"Mmmm." Angel moaned as she tried to rock back on Michelle's fingers. 

Before she could enjoy the sensation, Michelle had already removed her fingers.

"Lay down and behave." Michelle said licking Angel's juices her finger. 

"This girl will be the deaf of me." Michelle thought as she outwardly growled at Angel's taste. Michelle then quickly disrobed and straddled Angel's waist.

She began a gentle massage at Angel's shoulders and neck. After Angel began to relax in her embrace, she began placing kisses along the right side of Angel's neck.

Kisses turned to light flicks of her tongue, flicks turned to long licks and licks turned to gentle bites. 

Angel moaned while Michelle lightly bite her neck. Michelle's nails lightly scored her sides as she moved her hands down Angel's body.

She moved both of her thighs to the outside of Angel's waist as she moved her hands underneath Angel's body.

She plucked and lightly pulled on Angel's nipples. Angel wasn't into nipple play unless it was hard enough for her to feel it.

The harder Michelle pulled the louder Angel moaned, but Michelle wasn't satisfied. Instead of pulling Angel's nipples she wanted to suck them.

Michelle took a deep breath to calm herself. She knew that as soon as she put Angel's succulent breasts into her mouth she would lose all control.

Michelle moved her way to Angel's ass. After placing two love bites on each that made Angel jump, she began spanking Angel.

At first she began spanking randomly so Angel wouldn't expect it, but then she settled on a rhythm. Spank once slow on both sides, spank fast and hard four times. 

Each time that Michelle's hand came down, Angel let out a delicious moan. Michelle took a peek at Angel's pussy, it was glistening even more than before. 

From the looks of things it seemed as if Angel was thoroughly enjoying herself. 
