 It's been a loooooong time my loves. I have missed you so. I promise not to leave for so long again. I finally graduated, YAY me, so now I can get back to thing I love. Happy reading. xoxo Ally 

***************

3 months later

"Baby did you pack everything in the car?" Angel asked Michelle as she looked around aimlessly for her keys.

"Yes, babe. I put all of your bags in my car." Michelle said coming up to Angel and wrapping her arms around her waist.

"Oooh." Angel giggled as she rubbed her nose against Michelle's.

"Are you two love birds ready to go yet?" Elise said from the doorway.

Angel stuck her tongue out at her.

"I'll be ready to go as soon as I find my keys." Angel said once again looking for her keys.

"Did you check your back pocket?" Michelle said cupping Angel's ass and successfully slipping her key there.

Angel cupped her pocket. "Dammit, I swore I checked there first. Ok, I'm ready. You two grumps ride together, Cami and I will ride together." Angel said marching off to Michelle's rental car.

"Don't change any of my presets!" Michelle yelled in vain.

Angel and Camilla gushed as Angel put the top down on the Chrysler 200 convertible.

They both put on their shades at the same time and made a pose, "Straight flexin." They said in unison and laughed.

"What are we going to do with those two?" Elise said as she and Michelle looked to the girls in wonder.

"Fuck them senseless." Michelle said with a grin getting into Elise's suv.

Elise and Michelle followed behind the convertible at a safe distance. The couples were all headed to their hometown for Independence Day celebrations.

"So how have things been going between you and the misses?" Elise asked as she seamlessly merged into the left lane.

"They are going very well actually. So well that I'm actually thinking of giving her a promise ring." Michelle said smiling as she looked at the girls up ahead.

"You know that's childish right?" Elise said with a chuckle and shake of her head.

"I know it may seem childish...but sometimes you have to let a woman know your intent." Michelle began.

"I want Angel to know in no uncertain terms that she is mine and I want to be with her forever." Michelle said possessively.

"Well piss on her leg why don't you!" Elise said with a laugh. 

Michelle stared off pensively.

Eventually Elise shoved Michelle's shoulder and said, "I know I joke around with you but it's good that you want to mark your territory. I'm sure Angel will love your gift. She loves you so much."

"I know. She tells me as much every day. I'm very lucky and very blessed." Michelle said with a smile.

"Yea having a woman that loves you and showers you with affection is a blessing." Elise said with a hint of sadness.

Michelle could tell by Elise's tone that something was off.

"What do you mean by that? Is there something wrong with you and Camilla?" Michelle asked concerned.

"For some reason we just are not seeing eye to eye. In the beginning everything was great, but now it seems like she is mad at me all the time." Elise said.

"Have you asked her what's wrong?" Michelle asked.

"I've tried." Elise said.

"Tell me about your last fight." Michelle said sitting back.

"Well we actually had a huge fight right before we came here. I work a lot so I really have to schedule time to go see her." Elise began.

"I try to see her just about every weekend. I try to text her throughout the week and check on her and you know just check in."

"Ok..." Michelle murmured.

"A few days ago she got really mad at me because I went out to a party and didn't get a chance to text her when she got off work."

"Do you always text her when she gets off work?" Michelle asked.

"Yes like clockwork, every night at 10pm." Elise said.

"Ok I see then, she was worried about you when you didn't text her that night." Michelle suggested.

"She also got really mad at me the next day when pictures surfaced from the party that night." Elise said.

"What was in the pictures that made her upset?" Michelle asked.

"I took a few photos with some friends. Some she knew, some she didn't know and my ex Bianca was in a few. She wasn't being inappropriate and we didn't do anything though so I don't get the anger." Elise began.

"Bianca is my friend, not just my ex. We text many times throughout the week but it's never inappropriate and Camilla knows about it." Elise continued.

"I see. Is Bianca the last girl you dated before Camilla?" Michelle asked.

"Yes, but like I said we don't talk about anything inappropriate." Elise said not seeing what Michelle was trying to get at.

"Hmm. Have you tried to think of this from Camilla's perspective?" Michelle asked.

"Yes. That's why I tell her every time I talk to the girl and I let her know how much I care for her. That's something I wasn't doing before, I've improved on that." Elise said defensively. 

"Didn't you at one point in time think you were in love with this girl?" Michelle asked.

"Yes." Elise replied.

"Doesn't this girl have intimate knowledge of you and you of her?" Michelle asked raising a brow.

"Yes." Elise said.

"And she was your last ex and you two talk incessantly?" Michelle said rhetorically.

"Well, yea but..." Elise began but was cut off.

"Are you seeing what I'm getting at?" Michelle said.

"If I was Camilla, I would think that you are still in love with the girl. Your actions and your words just aren't lining up." Michelle said.

"I never thought of it like that." Elise said after a while taking a deep breath.

"I was just trying to be friendly." Elise said.

"Camilla is your priority now. Everyone else especially other women are irrelevant. You have to look out for Camilla, have her back and do what's best for her." Michelle said.

"You're right." Elise said. 

After a while Elise continued with a chuckle and another shoulder push, "Maybe I should get Camilla a promise ring too." 

"Maybe you should. You do need to commit to her." Michelle said. 

The rest of the journey was continued in silence as Elise contemplated what was said and Michelle pondered when and how she would give Angel the promise ring.

When the girls arrived to Akron, their first stop was Angel's family home. 

The couples dropped their bags off in their rooms and then met in the kitchen to discuss plans.

"I think our first stop should definitely be Elise's mom's house. I definitely want to get some of her mom's mac n cheese before it's all gone." Angel said rubbing her stomach.

"I second that." Camilla said.

"Then I guess we can go to Angel's grandparents' house and after that just hang." Elise said.

"Sounds like a plan to me." Michelle said.

When everyone started to leave, Angel grabbed Elise's arm to stop her.

"You guys go get in the car. I just want to talk to Elise for a second." Angel said.

After everyone left the room, Angel said, "So Camilla was telling me you too have been fighting."

"I expected she would." Elise said evently.

"I know that you are not good with emotional things, so I'm just going to tell you what's wrong with her. Ok?" Angel said.

"Ok." Elise answered with a sigh.

"You haven't committed to her." Angel began taking a step back and shaking her head. "Imagine my shock when Cami told me you to have been fucking and acting like you are together but aren't really together." Angel said holding the bridge of her nose.

"Is that it?" Elise asked with confusion.

"What do you mean!?!" Angel began and stopped when she realized she was raising her voice.

"Do you not see how serious this is?" Angel said.

"I mean I get we should commit to each other, but is it really this serious?" Elise asked.

"Yes it's serious. You tell the girl you love her, she is your best friend, but yet you are fucking her like some friends with benefits two dollar whore. Then to make matters worse you were out with Bianca!! You already know that is sore spot for her. What were you thinking?" Angel said.

"Stop yelling at me!" Elise said. "I'm sorry, I didn't think of it like that. Michelle was right, I have been acting like I am still in love with Bianca." 

"This whole time, I've been thinking about myself and not Cami. She shouldn't have had to tell me something was wrong, I should have known." Elise continued after a while.

"Fuck, how am I going to fix this?" Elise said running her hands through her twists.

"Commit to her and delete Bianca out of your life. That girl loves you, you haven't lost her but you do need to fix this." Angel said putting one hand on Elise's shoulder.

"Ok man." Elise said.

"And you can start now. Ride with Cami and talk to her." Angel said.

"Ok. Just give me a sec." Elise said. She locked her jaw to hold back the tears.

"Take all the time that you need." Angel said hugging her. "Don't be too hard on yourself hun. It's not as if the world has ended. You still have a chance."

Angel then left Elise to be alone by herself for a few.

"Hey Cam, you are riding with your honey bun for this part of the trip." Angel said to Camilla when she got outside.

Camilla looked at her skeptically but switched places with Michelle in Elise's car.

"Giving them time to hash it out?" Michelle asked when she was in earshot of Angel.

"Yup" Angel said getting into the passenger seat.

"Did anyone ever tell you, you are meddlesome?" Michelle said.

Angel swatted her on the arm.

After a few more minutes, Elise came out of the house and got in her car. 

She and Camilla rode in silence for the first few minutes until Camilla decided to break the tension.

"I'm really looking forward to going to your mom's. I wish my family had a big party every year." Camilla said with a smile trying to ease the tension.

"Yea that's great." Elise said, clearly in a bad mood.

After a while, Camilla sighed and said, "Are you going to talk to me? I don't want to keep fighting with you."

"I don't want to fight with you either." Elise said.

After a while she added, "What can I do to make you happy?"

Camilla was caught off guard by the vulnerability in Elise's words and was temporarily rendered speechless.

Eventually she took a breath and said, "I want you to love me, not just with your words but with your actions too. I feel like in your head I'm still your friend and I'm not just talking about the lack of commitment. You don't treat me like your woman."

"Yea you buy me things and are affectionate and physical but what about our relationship and our dynamic. Don't you think that should change if you and I are together?" Camilla asked.

"What do you mean?" Elise asked.

"I'm saying don't you think that we should be closer and relate to each other differently. I'm not just your best friend or "Bro" anymore, I'm your woman. That means you need to protect me and take care of me. Not just sexually and physically but emotionally as well." Camilla said.

"So what are you saying?" Elise asked.

"I'm saying that I need you to think about me and care about me and treat me like your woman. Don't just buy me things and tell me you love me. Rub my back while I'm studying, give me a foot massage after work, don't try to win every argument we have and make me your mom's famous mac n cheese for me." Camilla finished with a smile.

"You're right. I can do that." Elise said grabbing Camilla's hand and holding it in her lap.

When she stopped at a stop sign she turned to Camilla and said, "I'm going to do better and it starts now." 

"I love you Cami. More than anything. I'm so happy for you coming into my life and helping me with everything." Elise said resting her forehead on Camilla's.

"Thank you for putting up with all my bullshit these past few months. From this day forward you don't have to worry about Bianca. I'm sorry I was an idiot." Elise continued.

"I want to be with you. Right here, right now. Let's not waste any more time. Let's make it official."

"Ok." Camilla said overcome by emotion and beginning to tear up.

Elise kissed her lips, her neck and all over her face.

"Good I'm glad you said ok." Elise began and pulled Cami's body closer to hers, as far as her seatbelt allowed.

Elise pulled back from the kiss and said "When we get to my mom's you better hurry up and get her mac n cheese because after you get it, I'm taking your upstairs to make sweet love to you."

"Oooooooou." Camilla said turned on.

Elise turned back around in her seat and navigated the rest of the way to her mothers.

Camilla was so caught up in what just happened she barely felt her phone vibrate. She had a text from Angel.

It read: Well we know Elise never has to worry about any tickets. That was a long ass stop at that stop sign. :-) I hope that's good news.

Camilla tearfully smiled and replied back. "Yes, the best news. She put a ring on it. Tell you when we get to her mom's." 

They arrived at Elise's mom's house 10 minutes after that and the party was already in full swing. 

Camilla and Angel immediately went for the mac n cheese while Michelle and Elise got beer.

"I'm guessing you two made up." Michelle said taking a swig of her beer.

"Yea man." Elise said with a grin before she took a swig of her beer.

Elise continued to silently drink her beer as she watched Camilla laugh and talk with Angel. As soon as Camilla was finished with her food, Elise marched over and grabbed her. Without a word the two hurriedly went into the empty house.

As soon as they got into the room, Camilla removed her jacket. She didn't have any time to remove anything else because Elise was all over. 

Before she could blink Elise had her locked in her powerful embrace and in a passionate kiss. 

"Let me show you how I feel." Elise said taking a breath.

Elise removed her shirt and sports bra as Camilla undid Elise's belt. Elise then removed Camilla's dress and was pleasantly surprised to find she wasn't wearing a bra. 

She kissed Camilla over to the bed and then eased her down.

"I love you baby." Elise said as she kissed under Camilla's ear and on different spots of her neck. 

She kissed, nicked and licked at different spots of her collarbone as she slowly, painstakingly moved down to her nipples.

Camilla purred at the thought of Elise taking one of her succulent auburn nipples in her mouth. 

She moaned. 

Her nipples were very sensitive and only came second to one thing on her body that she liked to be sucked. 

She did everything in her power to push her nipple into Elise's waiting mouth but no matter how much she shifted Elise refused to give her what she wanted.

"Lie down." Elise said with a chuckle. When Camilla did. Elise began licking in small swirls around her areola. She moved closer and closer to the center but would always stop short before she got directly on her nipple.

She did the same on her other breast. Camilla bit her lip and moaned in frustration.

"Baby..." Camilla said with an ache in her voice. 

That was all Elise needed to hear. With a chuckle Elise took Camilla's hard nipple into her mouth.

She flicked her tongue back and forth against Camilla's nipple until she cried out in pleasure.

As she began alternating sucking on Camilla's nipple and licking around it, she eased her hand into Camilla's boyshorts.

Her shorts were saturated in juices and Elise's found her warm center anxiously awaiting her touch. 

Finding Camilla so ready for her was almost her undoing. She kept reminding herself that she had to go slow with Camilla and show her she loved her.

She slowed her licks on Camilla's nipple and eased a finger inside of her.

"Fuck." Camilla said as she arched her back. The combination of Elise at her breast and inside of her was heaven.

"God, you feel so damn good." Elise said as she kissed her way back up to Camilla's mouth. 

As Elise's hand continue to work slowly in and out of Camilla's pussy, Camilla knew the meaning of sweet torture. 

Finally, having enough she sat up and reached inside of Elise's boxers. She took a second to relish in the fact that pleasing her had brought Elise so much pleasure and removed her hand long enough to lick Elise off of her fingers before placing it back.  

Elise groaned and felt Camilla clench around the finger she still held deep inside of her. 

"I know you love me," Camilla said whispering in Elise's ear, "but if you don't fuck me now," Camilla pinched Elise's clit gently causing her to moan in pleasure, "I'm going to go in the bathroom and do it myself, and you won't get to watch."

Elise growled in frustration and then gave Camilla a lingering kiss. 

"Tease!" Elise said and smacked Camilla on the ass. 

"You like it." Camilla said pecking Elise on the lips.

"No, I love it." Elise said easing Camilla into a sitting position with her back against the headboard. 

Elise then added a second finger to the first and pumped harder into Camilla.

"Fuck!" Camilla screamed as she began to suck Elise's nipple and rub her clit with two fingers. 

Elise had to brace herself with one hand on the headboard so she did not fall over from Camilla's ministrations. 

As she picked up the pace thrusting in and out of Camilla's pussy and occasionally rubbing her clit, Camilla did the same.

When Camilla bit down on Elise's nipple, she would pinch her clit sending jolts of electricity to her aching buds. 

The two continued to finger fuck each other into oblivion. Unaware of how loud their moans were, unaware of the squeaking and rattling of the bed and slight knocking of the headboard.

The only thing that they could see and hear was each other. 

"I love you." Elise said with a pant.

"I...uh...I...love you too." Camilla said with a moan.

"Baby..." Camilla said arching her back.

"I know, I'm close too." Elise said with a moan as she felt Camilla clench around her fingers.

"Fuck!" Elise roared as she felt Camilla come undone on her fingers.

"Baby, baby, baby!" Camilla screamed as she felt Elise climax with her. 

Neither of them stopped. They both kept pumping in and out of each other and rubbing until they both collapsed on the bed.

"Oh God." Camilla said rolling around trying to breath.

"Right?" Elise said with a smile grabbing a bottle of water from her bag.

"I can't move." Camilla said beginning to laugh and cover her face with her hands.

"Then don't, let's just lie here for a while." Elise said pulling a blanket around them and gathering Camilla in her arms. The two soon drifted off into a pleasant sleep. 

******Later that not Angel's family home.

"I had a great day today." Angel said as she packed away her clothes in her dresser.

"Yea?" Michelle said looking up from where she was sitting on the edge of the bed. 

"It was fun introducing you to everyone and watching you get schooled by my uncle." Angel said with a chuckle.

"I swear he cheated!" Michelle said coming up behind Angel and wrapping her arms around her waist.

"What?" Angel said looking over her shoulder with a smile.

"What do you mean? Can't I just wrap my arms around my girl?" Michelle asked

Angel answered her with a skeptical look.

"Ok, ok, is it that obvious?" Michelle said.

"Yes! You have a tell when you are plotting something." Angel said turning around in her arms.

"What is that?" Michelle asked still holding Angel close.

"Your mouth is moving." Angel said with a chuckle. "But seriously, what is it?" 

"I got you something." Michelle said reaching in her pocket and getting out a small box.

"You didn't!" Angel said looking down at the box with a smile.

"I did." Michelle said opening the box to reveal a sapphire and gold ring.

"My birthstone. Aww Michelle, I love it." Angel said extending her hand dramatically so that Michelle could put the ring on it.

"I want you to wear this as a symbol of my love for you and know that one day you will be all mine." Michelle said slipping the ring on her wedding finger.
