 This story is copyrighted 2009 by Kaereni, may not be excerpted, reprinted, reproduced, or reposted in any form without the express written consent of the author. Visitors to this web site may read or temporarily download pages but are not permitted to modify or re-distribute them.

The story may contain sexual activities and situations that are to be read only by readers above the legal age of consent. All characters are above the age of 18. The story is not to be read in locations where such stories are illegal. If you are not of legal age, or live in the wrong place, please do not read.

Songs from the wood by Kaereni

Once upon a time Sally was an ad exec. She lived, breathed, and played the rat race every day for near ten years. Then one day, she looked around and realized everything was a lie. Her life, her work, her friends were all lies. Deciding the only way to save herself was to run away, she quit her job and moved to Canada. Not only did she move to Canada, she picked her place well. She picked up a wooded spread almost fifty miles from the nearest town. Even then the town was not much to look at. It had a branch of a bank, a general store, a barber/ beauty shop and a gas station.

Her log cabin did not have electricity, cable, phone service, or any of the modern conveniences. While she did have a solar panel on her roof, it only supplied enough power to run a trickle charge to her pickup or a shortwave radio. She lived off the land and her small truck garden. Between the garden, fishing and hunting gave her almost everything she needed. Once every three months or so, she would drive to the store and get supplies. Generally, all she would pick up was gunpowder, lead for bullets, cornflower, salt, pepper, and kerosene. Sometimes she would splurge and buy herself an ice cream bar to munch on. Then after filling up her truck she would return to her cabin once more.

While there were times that Sally was lonely, she lived a happy and more importantly peaceful life. She had been there for a few years when she first found the store empty. Going in she gathered up her supplies and loaded her truck. Then when Floyd had not returned from lunch, she sat and waited. By four o'clock without him returning or seeing any sign that he would be back, she left some money under the drawer in his cash register and a note saying she would get her change the next time around.

Over the years, Sally would find the store deserted about once every four visits. Every time she thought to ask about it, Floyd had looked at her as if she had lost her mind and change the subject. Taking the hint, she stopped bringing it up. All that changed when she found the store empty two times in a row. Not only was the store empty, the note and cash she had left in the cash register was still there from her earlier visit.

It was then that she noticed the light hazing of dust on everything. While Floyd was not a neat freak, he did dust now and then. However, now the shop looked like it had not been dusted since the last time she had come. Sally wondered what was going on. The power was on and when she opened the freezer she saw that the ice cream bars he had were still frozen. Heading outside, she looked up and down the small main street. "Where is everyone?" she asked. The cars and trucks were parked on the street, but there was no sign of people.

Walking up to the bank, Sally looked in before entering. Like Floyd's store the bank was open and yet devoid of people. "Hello," she called out. Not receiving an answer, she went back outside. She could hear birds and other nature sounds, but no man made ones. She felt a chill run down her back suddenly and it felt like the time when she had been hunting her first bear. Instead her hunting it, it had been hunting her and she had almost lost her life in the fight.

Hurrying back to the store she jumped into her truck. She was about to start it and hurry home when she realized she had better get as much as she could carry. She would settle up with Floyd next time if he was still around. It took Sally the better part of an hour to load her truck with everything she could carry.

When she arrived home the sun was setting and any other time she would have stopped and watched it. Today, though she felt a sense of urgency that she had not felt in a long time. Pulling around to the back of the house, Sally proceeded to unload everything. Once the truck was unloaded she pulled it off to the side and covered it with an old tarp, just like she always did.

Sally knew the dangers of wild beasts both two and four legged. It was for this reason that she took care in building her house. From the outside it looked like a log cabin with a small smoke house, well and an outhouse. What was not showing was a huge basement that was near three times the house. The basement had a root cellar where she would store her food goods, a general basement where she kept her supplies, gun room, and most important to her now, a panic room. From the basement you could go up to the main house via a small trap door in the living room, or she could exit via one of the tunnels she had built over the years.

Once everything was put up properly, Sally fired up the shortwave. She scanned the frequencies for the sounds of people but only heard the hiss of static. As she raised the mic to her mouth, she set it back down. Until she knew what was going on, Sally was not going to advertise her presence. Turning off the shortwave radio she instead took a piece of paper and tried to find the cause for town to be empty.

Plague: No, if people had gotten sick suddenly then the store and bank would have been closed.

War: No, same thing

Gangs: No. The store would have been cleaned out.

Government: No. Some would not have gone and there would have been signs of a quick evacuation.

After staring at the list for a while Sally decided she didn't know anymore then she had at the onset. She needed more information. That meant that tomorrow she would have to go back to town first thing in the morning and do a real search. Not just of the town proper, but the houses also. Somewhere out there had to be the answer and she was going to find it.

When the sun peaked out from behind the mountains, Sally was ready. Not only did she have her trusty .30-30, she also had a 9mm semi auto pistol in a shoulder holster, and her bear rifle a .405 Winchester. Loading the truck did not take long and by seven am she was on her way. She was about fifteen minutes out when suddenly her radio came to life. While that was surprising, the song it played was one she knew and had not heard in at least ten years. By the end of the first few words she was singing along haven forgotten why she was headed to town. When the song ended the radio suddenly went silent once more. Sally pulled off the road and sat staring at the radio as if it was about to come to life and talk to her. She looked wildly around the deserted road and wondered where she was and what was going on.

Suddenly it came back to her; she was going to solve the mystery of why everyone was missing. Feeling a cold chill Sally realized she was in something deeper then she had imagined. Had she not been closer to town then her cabin, she would have turned around and gone home. Just as it had been the day before the streets were devoid of life. Driving slowly with her window down, Sally looked left and right for any signs of people.

Reaching Floyd's store, she parked out front and opened the door. Inside, she found Floyd and a bunch of the old timers sitting around the potbellied stove drinking coffee. At the sight of her standing frozen in the doorway, Floyd stood and walked over. "Hello Sally, how are you today?"

Sally looked at Floyd and then back out at the street in confusion. She had been expecting any number of things, but this was not one of them. "Hey Floyd," she said slowly. Looking at the dust free counters she added "Missed you yesterday."

Floyd nodded and went over to the cash register and opened it. "Yep, so I see." He lifted the cash out and the two notes she had left. Looking from one to the other he said, "Why two notes Sal?"

Sally looked at him confused, "One from yesterday and the other three months ago."

"Three months?" Floyd laughed. "Now Sally, I know I am not the fastest person in the world, but even I would not leave cash in the register for three months." He looked at the others and said, "Three months..."

As the others laughed Sally smiled slightly. She knew she was right but from past experience she knew she stood no chance convincing him. "Actually I came by to pay the balance I owe you." She paused, "How much did it come to?"

Floyd pulled out a pad and pin. After a bit of figuring he said, "Two hundred twenty-seven should cover everything."

Sally nodded, "Okay, I'll just pop over to the bank and be right back." She started to turn away but stopped, "So where were you yesterday?"

Floyd said, "Yesterday?"

"Yea yesterday when I came by."

After a long moment he said, "I went home for lunch, Jade was supposed to watch the store for me."

"Jade?"

Floyd's face brightened up. "I guess you haven't met her. She came in a while back." He looked at the others before turning back, "She will be by in a few minutes. I am sure she would love to meet another yank."

Sally smiled tightly, "Yes it would be nice to meet her. I'll be back in a few." As she walked out she had the feeling the men in the store were all staring at her back. She walked across the street to the bank and walked in. After finding people in the store, finding others in the bank she was not surprised. Walking up to the teller, she said "I'd like to make a withdraw."

"How much Miss Sally?"

"Three hundred even please." Sally replied. After a moment she looked at the man and added, "Do I know you from somewhere?" It struck her as odd that he knew her and had not asked for any account information.

"Not personally. But I know all our clients by name and face." He smiled as he added, "We believe in giving personal service."

Sally nodded, "Makes sense." As he was counting the money out she looked around seemingly bored. In reality she was wondering what was happening. Her eye caught a movement from the break room and she stared. At first it looked as if a bag was draped over the table. She realized it was a woman, dressed from the neck down in some type of black shinny material having sex with a man also dressed the same way.

"It seems some people cannot remember to close the door while giving personal service."

Sally whipped her head back around and saw the teller watching the pair. When he turned back to her she caught sight of the edge of something black showing from under the long sleeve of his dress shirt. "Can I do anything else for you Miss Sally?" he asked as he handed her the packet of cash.

Not bothering to count Sally shook her head, "Umm, no thanks, not today." She said as she backed up and turned away.

She was almost to the door when the teller replied, "Well if I can ever give you personal service, my name's Tom."

Walking outside Sally saw a big black Suburban parked near her truck. The Suburban had deep tinted windows and there was a man wearing a black suit and sunglasses standing at parade rest by the front corner of it. Instead of heading back over to her truck she decided it was a good day to go see about getting her hair done. Walking down the sidewalk she kept the man in sight in the corner of her eye.

As she watched he looked around and walked over to her truck. Then for some reason he needed to keep tying his shoes as he walked around it. "Give me a break..." she said to herself. She had seen enough cop shows over the years to know he was putting bugs on her truck. Reaching the corner, she turned and then sprinted around the block.

By the time Sally got the store in view again, a second figure had joined the man. From her vantage point she could see the woman's long black hair. "Jade I presume?" she whispered. She watched as they talked for a moment before heading towards the bank. The minute they reached the doors, she ran to her truck, Floyd could wait for his money.

Pulling out fast Sally caught sight of Floyd and the other men hurrying out and waving at her in the mirror. Instead of stopping she turned down the first street. Over the next several minutes she turned left and right until she was positive no one was following her. It was only then that she headed out of town and towards her cabin.

After a few minutes Sally reached the spot she had looking for and pulled off to the side of the road. This section of road was straight as a ruler for about a mile and she would be able to see anyone coming before they reached her. Getting out she lifted the hood and started searching the wheel wells for the bugs she knew had to be there. Over the next fifteen minutes of searching, she found three bugs. Each of the little transmitters was no bigger than a quarter. She set them off to the side and pondered what to do. While she was pondering she noticed a big rig coming from the direction of the town. She watched as it passed her, "Just a logging truck..."

Once it was past she decided she had to send the message, "Leave me alone." Sally stacked the three transmitters on the shoulder and then placed one of her .30-30 cartages on top. Getting into her truck she started back up the road. She had not gone a half mile when a semi came towards her. As it passed she realized it was the same one as before. "Oh fuck!"

Flooring her accelerator Sally drove as if the devil himself was on her ass. Suddenly the radio came on and the first bars of the song from before started playing. Instead of letting herself fall for it she snapped the radio off and drove for her life. Sally needed a place to drop the truck.

Suddenly it came to her as clear as day. There was a place about ten miles from her cabin Sally sometimes hunted. It was a little far to walk but she didn't want to lead them back to her place. Taking a turn to fast Sally spun out. By the time she got the truck righted she could feel them closing in on her. Driving up the overgrown trail to her moose hunting spot she stopped at a small lake. Grabbing both her rifles she headed out, she needed to find a place far enough away that she could watch without them finding her.

Sally made her way around to the far shore and sat back in the woods watching her truck through the high powered scope on the Winchester. She knew that they had found her was when Sally saw a figure in fatigues rise up beside her driver's side door and open it. Even though she was watching for it, she did not see the man until he stood fully. It was only then that she made out other figures moving through the woods of the far shore. "Damn," she whispered softly.

After a few minutes the black Suburban rolled up and stopped. Two figures in black exited and held a conference with the one of the men in fatigues in front of her truck. One of the people in black raised a pair of binoculars and started scanning the far shore. For a moment she was under the full eye of the person and she knew she was caught. However, the person kept scanning and finally pointed off to her right.

Sally saw a bright flash of gunfire coming from one side and moved her scope to look. Barley visible she saw a sniper and spotter set up off to one side. "Son of a bitch," she whispered. Had he not fired she would have never seen them. As she watched the sniper fired a second time, the flame shooting out the tip and to the sides by a good three feet.

Before she could decide what to do, one of the figures in black and the military squad took off around the far side of the lake. The figure who had pointed the wrong way stayed behind with his binoculars trained on the spot. After a minute he/she turned back to where Sally was watching through her scope. The figure, a woman waved with one hand slightly. Sally blinked and looked away from the scope towards the distant figure. She returned her eye to the scope and saw as the woman, she was sure of that now, made shooing motions towards her. Lowering the rifle, she realized the Jade had just saved her. Gathering her two rifles she stood and looked towards the woman a moment before heading out.

It took Sally almost twenty hours to make it back to her cabin. She moved slow and with the forest, instead of fighting her way through the brush. Even taking small cat naps she was exhausted by the time she reached her cabin at sunrise. Instead of going inside she watched and waited. By now they had to know who she was and more importantly where she lived. Even though there was no sign of people, that didn't mean that there was not someone inside waiting for her.

Fighting off sleep and hunger, Sally spent the day hidden in the bush about a quarter mile from the cabin. From her vantage point halfway up a tree she could see the front, side leading to the outhouse and the access road. It was late afternoon when a woman exited the front door of her cabin. The woman walked out to the dirt in front of the house, stripped down to panties and bra before slowly spinning around with her arms extended.

"Come on out Miss Johnson," The woman said loudly. "As you can see I am unarmed and alone."

Sally bit her lip with indecision. There was only one way she could test to see if the woman was alone and she hoped she would survive it. Drawing a bead off to one side of the woman she fired the big .403. The roar of the gun sounded loud to her ears even though she knew the sound well.

To the woman's credit she only twitched a little bit. After a minute she said, "I know you're a better shot then that Miss Johnson. Why don't you come in and we'll talk?"

As Sally worked down the tree and around to the far side the woman continued talking. "Sally, we both know you have never broken a law, or harmed another person. Although, being in advertising comes close." The woman laughed at her own joke.

She was close to the tunnel she had dug that exited in the woods when Sally stopped. Something didn't feel right but she could not place her finger on what was bothering her. Finally, she realized it, the leaves covering the trapdoor had been placed there and some were wet while others dry. She was studying the leaves when she heard a soft snap behind her. Not moving she listened and was able to make out soft footfalls somewhere behind her.

Although the woman was still trying to talk her out, Sally was no longer paying her any attention. Slowly she turned her head until she could see behind her. She would only have one chance and wanted to make sure she dropped the stalker before he got her. From the corner of her eye she caught movement through the thick brush. Someone was back there moving towards her but as of yet she did not have a clear shot.

In her mind, she worked out her movements. Turn as she brought the rifle to her shoulder, click safety off, and fire. Unlike the movies, if she fired the .403 from her hip, the least she would do is miss and bruise her hands. The worse would be a broken thumb and wrist while missing. Suddenly the figure came out of the brush and she saw him. "Oh shit!" A full grown Kodiak bear stood looking at her from not ten feet away.

She had issues with a bear breaking into her smokehouse over the last couple weeks but had never seen him. "Not now," she screamed in her mind. Instead reading her mind, the bear charged a foot forward and roared as it stopped. When she did not move, the bear charged again and stood on its hind legs as it roared again. Spinning Sally fired at point blank range. The bear was so close that she could only bring the muzzle up to its chest as she fired. As the bear swiped at her she fired again, point blank into its chest. Dimly she became aware of someone else firing a gun as she fired off the third shot as the bear fell forward onto its front feet.
