 Sophie sobbed into her tissue trying to regain control of her emotions. She gulped nervously and tried to concentrate on her typing. If her boss found her crying he would be very angry with her and he was so unsympathetic. Just the thought of him made her cry even more and she stifled her cries of sadness. Little did she realise that someone had already seen her emotional state and was ready to use it for her own purposes.

I shall describe Sophie, she was beautiful. A young lady of twenty years of age of a happy nature and bright blue eyes. Her face which had a cute up-turned nose above slim lips that curved into a delightful cupids bow. When she smiled it lit the room and it was framed with ash blond hair that was tied back in a ponytail that though unfashionable was very attractive on her.

She wore fashionable clothes of a conservative cut, her white shirt covered two breasts of medium size and that begged to be caressed and excited. They were the right size to hold in each hand, the right size to be firm and ready to play with as she gasped with the pleasure of it all. Her body was toned and she exercised four times a week as well as playing netball in her girlfriend's team. Her short netball bodice and skirt would show off to perfection her long slim body and athletic legs. She could have been a model had she been of a mind to do that work. 

Now though tears ran from her eyes and ruined her makeup and she was horrified to see the door open and someone walk into her office. 

"Sophie can you help....... why what is wrong with you Sophie?" the woman asked. 

Sophie gulped and then blurted out," It's my boyfriend he's dumped me. He says I'm not passionate Ms Brown."

Ms Brown a senior partner of the law firm appeared shocked. She was older by thirty years than Sophie and was a slim woman who could scare the most aggressive client or contractor. There was in her the toughness of tempered steel and she was not beyond using other people. Sophie let me remark was a woman who was often protected from the uglier things of life and was naive about much that other people did or could do.

The older woman came over to the younger and patted her clumsily but affectionately on her shoulder.

"Now, now my dear, call me Gina and you need to have someone to talk to. Come with me to my office and I'll tell Mr Smith your busy doing some work for me,"she said in a most authoritative voice. 

Sophie couldn't deny the woman's demand and she made her way to the woman's office where she gave the young blond a large whiskey. Gulping the drink down she felt it burn the back of her throat and then warm her stomach. Though at first she had felt as though she was gagging it soon began to slip down her throat easily. The older woman brushed back a short curl of her black hair behind her ear.

"So now your a little more relaxed perhaps you can tell me about it?" Gina said as she sat Sophie down next to her on a leather couch.

"He says that I am so passionless, he says it's too much work to be with me," Sophie said tearfully.

"Are you a virgin?" the older woman asked softly.

"No but I never liked what he did to me. He seemed so brutal and I never came with him. I always needed to bring myself off with my fingers but you do that thing for your love don't you?" she said as the other woman took her into her arms.

"Don't worry dear it sounds as though he really didn't deserve you," Gina said as she stroked Sophie's arm softly and very sensually.

"What do you mean? Sophie hiccuped as she felt lazy and relaxed as the alcohol made her drop her inhibitions.

"A lover needs to think of the pleasures of his partner and he never thought of you. I bet he just came and left as soon as he could. I think that you would be very passionate Sophie,"Gina remarked.

"You do?"Sophie was so puzzled by the remark.

"Yes, in fact I will help you now. Have you ever had a proper kiss?"the older woman asked.

"Of course I have," she said indignantly.

"Don't bite my head off young lady. Well show me how you kiss," Gina demanded.

Sophie looked horrified,"But with another woman that would be perverted."

"Don't be silly. Don't you trust me?"she asked.

Gina watched the warring emotions as they crossed the other woman's face and then saw submission settle into her features. As though making up her mind, her head slipped forwards and she quickly pecked the other woman's lips and then settled back in her seat. Gina sighed and inwardly smiled to herself, Sophie had made the first move on the path Gina wanted her to travel. 

"No not like that. Here let me show you," the older women said as she pulled the younger girl to her. Sophie struggled a little.

Gina pressed her lips to the girl's mouth. At first Sophie tried to resist but soon her lips softened allowing the woman to thrust her tongue between Sophie's soft lips and into the other woman's mouth. She felt Sophie melt into her arms as she massaged her tongue against the other woman's tongue. Then she felt Gina's hand rub along her leg moving over the black business skirt she was wearing.

"No this isn't right," the girl said as she struggled out of the other woman's embrace.

"What's wrong honey?" Gina asked.

"This isn't right. I feel so strange about doing this," Sophie said confused and dazed by the feelings that surged through her body. She felt so hot and fanned her face, her pussy tickled the way it did when she needed to masturbate.

"Now that's silly Sophie. You are so passionate and nothing will happen if you say no but don't you think you are learning something for your next boyfriend if you keep doing this," she said slyly.

Then as the girl debated what was happening in her own mind Gina again took the girl into her arms and kissed her softly on the mouth. There was no reluctance this time as she opened her mouth and allowed the other woman to push her tongue deep into her mouth. Then she felt the other woman's hand push her hand onto the older woman's breast.

Sophie pulled away and said a half formed no before Gina again taking her hand held it to her breast and told her it was alright. The young girl felt dazed and her pussy felt so wet and hot, somehow it seemed to be getting hot in the room with Gina. Sophie's lips again reached for Ginas and this time she pushed her tongue between the older woman's lips. As she kissed Sophie's hand began to squeeze and touch the breast through the thin cloth of the shirt she wore. She felt the older woman's nipple become hard. Then she felt the other woman's hand at her breast stroking and making the area between her legs feel hot and wet.

"No," Sophie gasped.

"No?Are you sure dear?" Gina breathed huskily as she began to undo the buttons on her shirt.

"No I mean, I mean I shouldn't be feeling like this with you. It's perverted," Sophie said almost sobbing with the passion she felt.

"No it's not dear. It's just letting your natural passions flow don't you want that,' Gina said reasonably to the emotional girl as she opened the shirt to expose the black lacy bra that covered the girls breasts. 

Seeing her weaken the woman continued,"You don't want your boyfriend to think that you are a cold fish do you?"

Sophie gulped and half nodded her head. Taking this as consent Gina moved in and this time loosened her shirt further exposing her bra even more and then with practised ease she pulled it down to expose the girls breasts and the coral nipples that were hard and waiting for her attention. 

Smiling Gina undid her shirt and pulled aside the white bra to expose her pierced nipples. Sophie's eyes opened wide in surprise as she saw the naked breasts before her but that did not stop her from taking her hand and placing it at one of her nipples nor did she stop her fingers from tracing circles around the hardened flesh of Gina's nipple.

"Ah you have the natural touch of a very passionate woman Honey," the older woman remarked as enjoyed the other woman's caresses. 

As she touched Gina's breasts Gina undid her skirt slowly as he kissed the younger woman's lips and worked it downwards over her thighs so that the older woman was now only clothed in a g-string, suspenders and stockings. Sophie said nothing as though she was in a daze as her bra was removed completely so that her succulent breasts were exposed to Gina's hands. Hands that touched and explored as she kissed the woman full on the lips. 

Sophie no longer cared that she was being seduced by the older woman, her pussy was in flames, heat seemed to burn from there into her body. Her black panties were wet and she pulled up her skirt so that she could rub the swollen flesh through the lace. Sophie wanted the woman to take her, to take her in the most depraved manner possible. She wanted the woman to make her eat her pussy and then eat Sophie's pussy. Her breasts seemed to be on fire.

Then the phone rang shrilly in the office causing both women to start. Gina reached over and as she tweaked the girls nipples as she spoke. Suddenly she left Sophie and began to dress so that in only a few minutes she was completely in control of herself again it was as though nothing had happened between Sophie and herself. Sophie could barely stand and understand what had happened. It was only as Gina started to sit down at her desk that she realised that the seduction was finished.

"Sorry dear duty calls and you need to get back to work but don't worry we'll take this up again," Gina said breezily smiling as she dreamt of what she would do to the naive young girl.

*

I would like to say before anyone asks I don't intend to continue this story since it is exactly what I want. I wanted to describe how a young woman is seduced to start a path she had never intended to go down.