 Chapter 6

Christmas Break

The decorations were all over the dormitory; garland hanging from the hallway roofs, a big tree over in the corner of the lobby, pictures of Santa and elves hanging on the walls. It was Christmas time at Jameson University.

As Dawson and Alison walked down towards their room, the hallways seemed almost as busy as the first day of school, except that this time they were all packing instead of unpacking, preparing to go home for the Christmas break.

"It's going to be weird being home now I think," Dawson pondered as they reached their own dorm room and went inside.

"Very. It'll be... less hectic? Or something," Alison said as she plumped down on her bed, "But anyways, you'll have to tell me if it was. I think I'm actually going to stay here over the break."

"What? You're not going home?" Dawson turned around as she was getting ready to pack.

"No, my parents are going to my one aunt's who I HATE, so I told them I had too much to do here," Alison lied. The real reason she was staying behind was because Lana was also.

"You sure you're going to be okay alone? I'm sure my family wouldn't mind if you wanted to come out," Dawson offered.

"You're sweet," Alison smiled her bright, flashy smile, "But I'm fine, don't worry."

"Well, alright," Dawson went back to packing.

"You know what? If you're leaving tomorrow morning, then this is going to be our last night as roommates," Alison pointed out, "Next semester we get our own rooms in the house."

"Yeah, you're right," Dawson turned back around, "Weird. I know we'll be just down the hall now, but I'm still gonna miss you!"

"Me too!" Alison put her hand on her chest, almost welling up. They both embraced in a hug, half laughing, half crying.

That night as they were in bed, Dawson heard that had become a semi-regular noise in the middle of the night; Alison masturbating. She listened to Alison's soft, sultry moaning as she tried to pretend she was still sleeping.

Sometimes when she would hear Alison in the other bed, Dawson would very quietly finger herself as well, though remaining very quiet so that Alison wouldn't hear. That's what she did this time too. She reached down into her pajama pants and began stroking her clit with her middle finger.

As Dawson slowly massaged her button, listening to Alison's sounds of pleasure, she thought about how they would be in different rooms after this night. Something in that thought made Dawson not care anymore about staying quiet. She rolled over from her side onto her back and began rubbing herself a little faster.

Alison was also lying on her back with her hips arched up, jilling herself silly underneath her blankets. Dawson copied this motion, letting her own moans gradually increase. Soon they were both moaning in ecstasy together, rubbing their fingers rapidly over their pussies.

Now they both increased their volume, moaning and grunting. They both knew now that the other was with them, so they didn't worry about being quiet any longer.

"Oh yes!" Alison moaned while Dawson on the other bed was grunting as she built herself up.

As Dawson fingered herself she thought about the night before, the first time she had had sex since the summer and how good it felt. Alison on the other side of the room was thinking about Lana and that first kiss they finally shared. As both their thoughts drifted elsewhere, they masturbated together. Alison reached her climax and cried out with pleasure. Hearing Alison scream like this sent Dawson over the edge and she was soon orgasming as well, crying out in pleasure.

"Yes, oh yes!"

"Oh yeah!!!!" 

As they came down from their climaxes, they looked at each other panting.

"Well, goodnight Dawson," Alison said casually, "Have a good Christmas!

* * *

That next morning the campus was in a big bustle as the majority of the students were packing up and heading off back home for the break. The same was happening on a smaller scale in the Sigma sorority house as the girls packed their suitcases in each of the seven occupied rooms.

Brandi called the third year girls into her room for a short meeting. She had just gotten out of the shower and was still wearing her towel around her bust, her black hair stringy and dripping wet. Raven, Nikki, and Kate all came in to see what she wanted.

"Hey girls, listen. It's been a Sigma Delta tradition over the years for the head girl to get presents for the upper year sisters," Brandi told them as the four of them all sat around her bed, "Last year I got one from Allie, and this year I'm giving some to you."

"Brandi you didn't have to," Raven shook her head.

"Of course I do! And I know you'll all like them."

Brandi handed them each a shoebox wrapped in pink paper. As they opened it up they each found inside a ribbed, glass dildo, each a different colour. Raven's was purple, similar to the tint in her hair; Nikki's was orange, an emphasis on her own hair colour; and Kate's was green, reflecting her eyes.

"Brandi, are these Pleasure Boys?" Raven asked in awe. Pleasure Boys were one of the top of the line dildos and very expensive.

"Yep," she answered with a wicked smile, "And trust me, they're fantastic. You'll enjoy them."

"I never understood why these are so expensive," Kate said skeptically, inspecting hers at eye level.

"You'll find out," Brandi hinted, "Anyways, Merry Christmas girls."

* * *

The girls all hugged goodbye as they separated to either take off to the train station or the airport. Faith gave everyone an extra hug goodbye as she was actually flying back home to England for the first time since she came overseas.

"This must be exciting for you, going back home for Christmas," Dawson said.

"It would be," Faith said with a blush, "But not as much now."

Dawson understood what she meant. Faith had just met an amazing guy at the end of term party on Friday, and now she had to leave him for two weeks. She gave Faith a sympathizing smile and hugged her goodbye.

Dawson, Anne, Raven and Brandi all went to the train station together, as they all lived within close distance to Jameson University, while the other girls were flying distance. They said their goodbyes as they each caught different trains back home.

* * *

The snow was falling during her train ride. Dawson watched the flakes falling beyond the window, relieved that it was finally snowing. It just wasn't Christmas without snow.

As she arrived home, the ground was covered in white. She approached her red-and-green lighted house and smelled the scent of a homemade fire inside. She walked in to be warmly welcomed by her family who rushed to hug her. Her mother and father were both there, as was her older sister Erica.

Erica was six years older than Dawson. She had a mature look mixed with a stunningly youthful beauty. She was curvy with full hips and a large rack. Her soft brown hair fell down to her perfectly rounded tits, and her soft round cheeks, full lips, and shining blue eyes highlighted her face. She looked very much like an older Dawson.

The inside of the house definitely had the atmosphere of Christmas. The fire was burning, the tree was up, and there were decorations all around the walls and doorways. Dawson couldn't help but smile as she was greeted by her parents.

"Mom, dad!"

"Hey, look at our college student!" her mom awed as she scooped her up.

"Hey little sis," Erica said, "How's school?"

"It's going okay," she said.

"Of course it is," her dad ruffled up her hair as though she was in grade four again, "I told you it would be fine. C'mon, I'll take your bags up to your room for you."

* * *

The campus was eerily empty with no students around. The snow was falling now, covering the lawn with a frosty layer. Alison met Lana out on one of the benches bundled up in her sweater and scarf and sat beside her.

"Hey," she smiled giddily.

"I'm glad we're staying behind," Lana flashed her big smile at her new girlfriend, "Now we have all week together."

"I can't wait, "Alison said, curling her blonde, straight hair back behind her ear. 

Lana leaned over to kiss her. Their lips met and slid together back and forth. Alison loved the taste of her. She slid her tongue past Lana's lips, swirling it around the inside of her mouth. They made out for a few minutes and broke apart again.

"No one can know about us," Lana warned her, "Brandi hates it when one of us is dating someone. But if she found out we were dating each other, we'd be kicked out of Sigma."

"You really think so?" Alison asked.

"I do. Besides, I'm not sure they'd understand."

"Yeah, perhaps they wouldn't" Alison agreed sadly, wondering what Dawson's reaction would be to her suddenly being in a lesbian relationship.

"So we'll have to hide it," Lana said, her frown suddenly turning into a smile, "But we have all of Christmas break together, just to two of us."

Alison met Lana's smile with her own, and they went back to making out in the drifting snow outside on the campus lawn.

* * *

"I'm so glad your home Nikki!" Nikki's youngest sister Mandi exclaimed as Nikki was unpacking her things in her old room.

Nikki had two younger sisters; Mandi, who was 9, and Britt, who was 13. They both loved their big sister and got very excited whenever she would come home. They had pretty much followed at her heels since the moment she came through the door.

"Me too Mandi," the buxom redhead answered, "Me too. But leave me clothes alone!" 

Nikki snatched one of her thongs away from Mandi who was rummaging through her suitcase already. Britt, the older one, was also looking through Nikki's things, hoping to find some cool older girl stuff. Nikki slammed her suitcase shut, knowing what was in there.

"Sorry Britt, but you can't go through my stuff like that. Listen, why don't you both tell mom I'll be out there soon."

When her sisters left, Nikki closed her door and looked back in the suitcase to see the Pleasure Boy dildo her sisters almost found. She took out the orange, glittery rod and examined it.

"Well, at least this break won't be a boring one."

* * *

"Erica?" Dawson knocked on the door to her sister's room, letting herself in.

"Hey little sis," Erica let her in as she was laying some clothes out on her bed.

"You going out?" Dawson asked.

"Yeah, some of the old crew is getting together tonight, since we're all back for Christmas," Erica explained as she took her t-shirt off, revealing her white bra holding in her enormous boobs, "So how's the college life?"

"It's okay," Dawson sat down on the end of the bed to visit while Erica got ready, "Not doing so well in the grade department."

"Yeah, it's definitely tougher," Erica said as she pulled her jeans off of her legs. Dawson looked with jealousy at her sister's body, wondering if hers would ever be that sexy. They were of a similar build, not skinny but curvy, busty and smooth. Yet Erica's body just seemed a little more mature.

"Be careful they don't drop too much," she continued, "Trust me, dad wont be too happy. He even threatened to not pay my tuition once."

"You think he'd do that?"

"Maybe," Erica said, wiggling her ass as she shuffled off her panties, "You know how he is about us finding our own way and such."

Erica strutted over to her dresser completely comfortable in showing her sister her thin-shaved pussy between her slender, tanned legs. She opened the drawer and found a black, lacey thong, wiggling her as again as she pulled it on.

"And hey! You got into a sorority?"

"Yeah, Sigma Delta," Dawson told her.

"That one's got quite the reputation," Erica gave her a skeptical look as she slipped on a pair of nice black dress pants, "Seems like a very promiscuous group."

"Well, some are I guess, but they're great friends none the less. And to tell you the truth, I'd rather have a little more of that to be honest."

"What do you mean?" Erica asked as she undid her bra, letting it fall to the floor, showing off her perfectly rounded, supple breasts.

"Well, I feel like I'm missing out. I mean, college is supposed to be fun, free," Dawson confided, "And I... I feel like Chris is holding me back."

"Yeah, I know it can't be easy having a boyfriend so far away."

"No, and I... well, I kind of cheated on him this past weekend," Dawson admitted.

"Really?" Erica came over to sit beside her sister, putting an arm around her shoulder, still topless.

"Yeah, and I really liked it. But now I'm about to see Chris again for the first time since I left, and I don't know what to do."

"Yeah, that's tough," Erica sympathized, "Well, what do you want to do?"

"I... I think I want to end it. I want to be free. I don't want to be a slut or anything, I just want to be able to do what I want when I want, not be held back."

"That's understandable," Erica said, "And sometimes a high school relationship just isn't anything more than that, no matter how long you try to keep it."

"Yeah, yeah I think you're right," Dawson said, "Thanks Erica."

* * *

Alison and Lana approached the large Sigma Delta house holding hands, both giddy and excited with the forming of their new secret relationship. They walked in the door as they both glanced at each other with gooey-eyed looks.

But as they came out of the cold into the foyer, they realized suddenly that they were not as alone as they thought. As they walked out into the kitchen they saw Eileen down on her knees giving head to a guy who was sitting on the couch with his head thrown back in pleasure.

Suddenly everything happened at once. Lana immediately dropped Alison's hand from her own. Eileen looked up from the dick she was sucking in surprise at being interrupted, but just as she was pulling her mouth away from the guy's dick about to say something to them, he shot his load.

Eileen's eyes went from annoyance to shock all in one second as the blast of cum surprised her. The tip of the dick was just out of her mouth, so it shot a little bit inside, but for the most part started spilling out over the sides of her opened mouth, past her lips and down the chin.

Both Lana and Alison looked in shock as Eileen quickly wiped the jizz from her chin, swallowing down the part that went in her mouth.

"Wha-what are you two doing here?"

"What are YOU doing?" Lana asked incredulously.

The guy on the couch was just realizing what was happening. He quickly started pulling his pants up as Eileen got up off her knees to go over to the girls.

"We thought you went home for Christmas?" Lana asked her in a hushed voice.

"No, I stayed here," she said back, "With Jeff gone home for the holidays I can actually have some fun with other guys without worrying about him catching me."

"Oh," Lana said, "Well, sorry for the, um, interruption. We'll leave you two alone then."

Lana and Alison both gave each other a disappointing, knowing look. It looked like their first time together was going to have to wait.

* * *

Brandi sat around eating Christmas cookies as she visited with her dad and his friends. Every year she alternated Christmas's between her parents and this year she was at her dad's place. As she got older, he would let her sit around with his friends visiting and drinking eggnog and rum.

"So Brandi, last year at school, hey?" Mr. Davis asked. He was a man in the mid 40's but still very handsome and well-built. Brandi had always had a bit of a crush on him.

"Yep, last year Mr. Davis," she said.

"C'mon, you're old enough to call me Bob now."

"Alright Bob," she said, flashing him her trademark teasing half-smile.

"Any boyfriends in that college of yours?"

"Oh a few here and there, you know how it is."

"Well, being a free woman is no bad thing either, is it?" he asked in a quieter voice so that Brandi's dad and his other guests didn't over hear.

"No, it certainly isn't."

"Well," Mr. Davis said louder as he stood up from the table, "I should get back home. Got those damn presents to wrap while the kids aren't around."

The other guests all said by to him, and he gave a quick wink to Brandi as he got up to leave. Not long after Brandi got up too.

"Well dad, I've got some things to do. I'll see you for supper."

"Okay Brandi," he said, turning back to the conversation.

* * *

It wasn't very long before Brandi had snuck over to the Davis place. She couldn't believe she was doing it, but Mr. Davis didn't say a word, but simply opened the door and let her in.

Before she knew it, Brandi had stripped out of her clothes and her petite body was being thrown against the bedroom door. Mr. Davis was thrusting himself inside her as she wrapped one of her legs around his waist and one of her arms around his neck. She used her other hand to steady herself on a nearby dresser.

She was so light, the older, stronger man was able to lift her right off the ground as he fucked her, her back against the door.

"Oh yes, Bob, yes!"

"Call me Mr. Davis!" he told her.

"Oh yes Mr. Davis, oh yes yes yes yes!"

* * *

The moment Dawson had been dreading since she came home for Christmas finally arrived; seeing Chris again. Her parents let him up to her bedroom and he smiled when he saw her, taking her into a big hug. Dawson felt nothing but guilt.

"I've missed you, I can't believe you're finally back," he said.

"I know. It seems like so long."

"It's been almost four months, it has been long," he replied as he began to grope her.

"My parents are downstairs," she whispered harshly, though that wasn't what she was really worried about. Chris persisted though and began to make out with her.

"I don't care, we'll be quiet," he said as he sat her down on the bed, still kissing her.

Dawson didn't know if what she was doing was right, but for the moment she just went with it. She knew she had to end it between them, but at the same time it had been four months since they had been able to get physical. The least she could do was get him laid before she left him.

She finally decided in her head that since he had been waiting so long, she wouldn't leave him high and dry. She would have sex with him now, and tell him after. It would have been cruel to leave him aching for it and then dropping the bomb on him without giving him anything, wouldn't it?

Before Dawson knew it she was naked and leaning against the pillows stacked up at her headboard. Her large tits bounced slightly as Chris entered her and started banging his dick inside her. The entire time he fucked her she felt nothing but guilt. His arms were holding him up overtop of her as his hips trusted back and forth. She bent her knees up to allow him better access, but she barely ever looked up at him. She just closed her eyes and tried to enjoy the sex, which was proving very difficult.

"Are you wearing a condom?" she remembered suddenly. The last thing she needed was to get pregnant during their break-up sex.

"Don't worry," he panted, "I'll pull out."

Not too many minutes later he did exactly that. His thrusts increased and he became suddenly quiet, which Dawson knew meant he was about to cum. He quickly pulled his dick out of her little, trim pussy and his white cream shot out in beads across her flat, smooth stomach.

"Can you grab me a towel?" she asked as he was getting up off the bed. He tossed her one as he dressed. She wiped the sticky cum off of her belly and began getting dressed as well.

"That wasn't... like I remember it," Chris said nervously, "You didn't really seem too into it."

"Dawson sighed. She knew it was time to fess up. "I know, and I'm really sorry. Look Chris, I need to tell you something."

She patted down on the bed next to her, telling him to sit by her. He looked incredibly suspicious as he sat a little further away.

"I... slept with someone last week."
