 It was the first week of college. I was 18 years old, living away from home for the first time, though far from innocent. I had already decided that accounting will be my major, so I knew studying, homework, and projects were going to take up a lot of my time. I wanted a balance of school and fun, so I thought I would check out a few sorority houses and see what they were like. I figured my mom was in one, and my older sister was in one when she was in college, so why not me? 

Allow me to introduce myself. My name is Lisa. My father is white, and my mother is Japanese, so I was a nice mix of both that always seemed to get the boys' attention. I'm 5'2" tall, about 100 lbs, with dark brown hair that reached my mid back and B cup sized boobs. Since I knew I got a lot of attention from the guys in high school, I adopted a bit of a hoochie side. I always tended to show a little skin, wearing a lot of my older sister's Hollister boot cut low rise jeans and shorter tops. I was a runner, and always did my cruches and situps, because if there was one area of myself I was obsessed with, it was my stomach. That's why got my belly button pierced at 16. I became sexually active at 17, after years of masturbating. Sex was so much better. I loved the attention, but I wasn't a bitch about it. I just always managed to do enough to lift my arms over my head, or fix my hair, to have my shirt lift up, revealing my tummy. It drove the boys crazy.

The first two houses I checked out didn't appeal to me, but the third one did. The girls were friendly, all were pretty, and none seemed fake, as is stereotypical of most sorority girls. They were down to earth and real with me. I instantly befriended one girl, Tiffany, who was one of the nicer girls I met. She was very pretty and had an amazing body, so I knew she attracted a lot of guys, and maybe I could meet some through her. I decided I was going to rush.

I received my bid in a formal ceremony, and the semester began. There were fraternity parties, date parties, and lots of social events. I was really enjoying myself, making new friends, having fun, and letting loose. Everything was going great, and then a night happened that I will never forget.

Tiffany called me while I was sitting in my dorm room. "Hey, Lisa, you doing anything tonight?" 

"No, just laying around my dorm."

"Get dressed. Pledge activity tonight."

"Ok. What should I wear? Is this a formal activity? Should I wear a dress?"

"No, jeans a t-shirt will do. Be ready in 15 minutes, we're coming to pick you up."

"Oh, ok. I'll be down soon."

Shit, I thought. I was planning to get showered up and ready, but 15 minutes didn't leave me a lot of time. Not to mention, I was doing laundry and didn't have any clean underwear. I quickly threw on a pair of Hollister jeans I had in my closet, choosing to go commando. I had shaved that morning, so the jeans wouldn't irritate that area, as they sat really low below my hips. I put on my belly button ring, and threw on an olive green Abercrombie t-shirt. I figured that if this was a sorority/fraternity activity like the one last ring, I wanted to look hot. I let my hair down, and grabbed my favorite pair of Chuck Taylor shoes. Bending down to tie them, I could feel my pants slide down in the back, exposing my lower back and ass crack.

"Whoa, nice going, hoochie," I said out loud to myself, rolling my eyes and pulling my pants back up. Walking down the hallway, I saw a guy walking towards me to his room. I wanted to see if he would look at me, so as I walked, I reached up to throw my hair up a bit, swung my hips with each step, and knowing damn well my belly button was exposed, I caught him looking at me. I smiled at him, and he kept walking. I could feel myself getting a little wet. Maybe wearing no panties was a bad idea. Too late now.

As I walked out the door, it was a warm and humid night. It now felt gross to be wearing no panties. My jeans stuck to my legs and my butt. I could feel sweat dripping down my neck as well, though part of that was a bit of anxiety and nervousness about the night.

"Lisa! Over here!" Tiffany was waving me over to her car. 2 other girls from the house were in the car. I waved to them, but only Tiffany waved back, though she wasn't smiling. 

"Hey, guys! What's up?"

"Lisa, we're going to blindfold you for the car ride." 

"Ok, no problem." So naive. The thought of not knowing what was going to happen excited me. I wasn't worried something bad might happen.

The drive itself took about 20 minutes. I had no idea where we were. When the car stopped, the other girls got out and helped me out of the car, blindfold still shielding my eyes. One of them placed my hand on her shoulder to follow her, while the other one trailed behind me. We started walking, and the girl that was behind me put her hands around my waist, grabbing the bare skin that wasn't covered by my shirt. This, combined with the slow walk, did something to me I had never had happen. I started getting wet again. This had never happened with another girl, as I was only into guys. Knowing that my hips were swinging with every step I took, her hands on me, and not wearing any panties made my pussy drip. 

We walked through what sounded like an open gate at some house, each step causing my jeans to rub up against my now super sensitive clit. We continued on and started heading up a set of what seemed like steep steps. Now, my pants decided to slip a bit in the back, showing the top of my ass crack again. I felt so horny being looked at, I didn't care it was showing. A little more of this and I was going to have an orgasm!

Finally, we came to a stop at the top. One girl positioned me where I was standing and turned me around. I used this time to pull up my pants in the back. I'm such a ho for dressing like this, I thought, even if it was just a bunch of girls. I tried to listen for any familiar sounds. Nothing. Only a few crickets chirping. The next thing I heard were words from a familiar voice.

"Put your hands behind your back, leave them there, and don't say a word." It was Tiffany, in a serious, almost angry sounding tone. What is going on? And where the fuck am I?

I did as I was told. Here I am, horny as hell for no apparent reason, other then putting myself on display, blindfolded, now being ordered to feel like I'm being interrogated or something.

"So what's going-"

"SILENCE! Didn't I tell you not to say a word?"

Uh oh, I had forgotten all about hazing. I'm in trouble. Why was I the only one here? Where were my pledge sisters?

"YOU THINK YOU CAN FUCK MY BOYFRIEND BEHIND MY BACK AND STILL ACT LIKE WE'RE FRIENDS? You little slut! I should kick your ass and kick you out of our sorority!"

"OMG WHAT?!?!?! Tiff, I would never--"

"Shut the fuck up! I told you not to talk!" Tiffany grabbed what I think was a small towel and shoved it in my mouth. I was mortified, and I could feel a tear fall down my cheek. "And why the fuck are you dressed like this? Who the hell are you trying to impress? You already fucked Mikey!"

By now, she's in my face screaming. I never fucked her boyfriend. Why would she say that? Where did that come from? I had to be strong. Maybe she confused me for someone else.

"Who the fuck dresses like this anymore? You have your ass crack hanging out every time you bend down...pull your pants up, ho! Your skank ass pussy is almost showing!" I could feel her hand lifting up my shirt a little. Strangely enough, my fear went out the window, and my pussy started to get wet again. "You still wear a belly button ring? What a fucking skank slut, you trashy bitch!"

Tiffany has both hands on me now, one holding up my pants in the back, and the other on my shirt in the front, slowly making its way down south. I'm really wet now, and I think Tiffany is starting to notice.

"Let's see how much of a slut you really are. You know you're gonna like it."

With this, she lifted my arms over my head and told me to keep them there. With this, my shirt slid up, showing my belly button and midriff. Tiffany slid her hands up my shirt, grabbing hold of my boobs, cupping them in her hands, and rubbing my nipples through my bra. 

"You like that, don't you, bitch? Did you like it like this when Mikey was all up on you?"

In my mind, I kept thinking I have no idea where she got that, but her hands on my boobs was starting to make me hot. My nipples got really hard in a matter of seconds. My breathing got really heavy, as I started to bite down on the towel to keep from showing how excited I really was.

"Your nipples are hard," she whispered in my ear. Her soft whisper sounded so erotic to me, making me wetter. There's probably a wet spot on the outside my jeans where my pussy is. "You ain't felt nothing yet."

She slid her hands down my stomach to below my hips. She moved to my right, using her left hand to massage just above my ass crack, and her right hand to massage the 5 or so inches between my belly button and my pussy. My legs started to wobble a bit. My pussy was throbbing and dripping wet now.

"You're getting wet now, aren't you, you whore...I'm gonna make you beg me to fuck you like you fucked Mikey..."

I no longer cared she was accusing me of this. I wanted her to get to my clit and stick a finger or two inside me. I sensed she was gonna slide her hand down my pants and onto my pussy, and I uttered out a whimper of pleasure. My heart was racing, sweat dripping down my body. Please Tiffany, I thought. Please go lower. I really wanna cum.

And she did...she slid her hand down and lightly massaged my clit. I could hold back no longer. I let out an audible moan, as she put her free hand on my inner thigh and rubbed it. 

"You slut! No panties? You're wet! Dripping wet! You like being wet? Do you!?!? Answer me!!"

I nodded, hands on my head. "Then you're about to get really wet!"

With this, I felt a shove on my chest, and the next 2 seconds seemed like they were in slow motion. I remember them vividly. I screamed as the towel fell from my mouth. Terror going through my mind, not knowing what I would hit as I fell through the air, throwing my arms around to brace for an impact, wondering what I had done to lead me to this. Am I going to land on my head? Am I going to die?

Then, the impact. The second I hit, I realized I was pushed into a pool from about 8-10 feet up. My back hit the water first, then my legs. I remember being under water. I went in pretty deep. The water was warm. My pants were falling, but I had to get up for air. I swam towards the top, and barely made it out for air. I didn't have any time to take a deep breath before I hit the water. I gasped for air as I began to tread water, coughing out a little water. 

I had never been pushed in a pool fully clothed. I fell in once, though kind of on purpose, trying to get the pool boy's attention back at my parents' house. The feeling of my pants clinging to me soaking wet and then sliding down revealing most of my ass crack made my pussy throb then, and it did now as well.

Just as I finally got the blindfold off, I heard another splash, and looked down to see Tiffany in a bikini had dove into the pool in case I didn't make it out.

"Haha, I was only kidding about the whole thing," Tiffany laughed. "You looked terrified! I was giving you a hard time, we do this with every pledge!" I looked around and about 4 girls were standing around the pool laughing. I was a little embarrassed, but now knew it was all in fun.

So there I was, treading water in a pool with my jeans, shoes, and shirt weighing me down, on the brink of an incredible orgasm, and my new found girl crush showing off her sexy body in a bikini in front of me. I hadn't realized that my pants really fell low in the back, so as I was treading water, my ass was on full display.

"You could've told me I was gonna end up in a pool! I would've worn a bikini, and not a pair of jeans and shoes!"

"Where would the fun be in that?"

Tiffany swam over to me and grabbed on to my waist. I could feel my pussy start to throb again. Her grabbing me and the feeling of being fully clothed the way I was soaking wet in a pool seemed like an erotic fantasy of mine. She whispered in my ear again. "This isn't over. There's more."

Tiffany swam towards the edge and motioned me over. "C'mon, let's get you out of those wet clothes." I swam towards the edge and pulled myself out.

"Oh shit," I said as my ass was still showing. "This is what I get for dressing like a hoochie." As I attempted to pull my wet jeans up, Tiffany stopped me.

"No need for modesty. We already know what you look like, and we all know you're hot and have nothing to be ashamed of and everything to be proud of."

With this, she pulled my shoes off, then slowly started sliding down my jeans. 

"Wait, Tiff," I said softly. "I don't have any panties on, remember?"

"I know. Even hotter," she said with a smirk.

It took a few extra seconds since they were wet, but once off, I got really horny again. My shaved pussy was now on full display in front of all these girls, and all that was left was my wet shirt and bra. Tiffany sat on me while I was on my back, the only thing separating her pussy from mine was her little bikini bottoms.

"Now let's get this wet shirt off of you." She reached down and teased my pussy, grabbing the bottom of my shirt and sliding it up off of me over my head, along with my bra, and tossed them on top of my wet jeans on the floor. She instructed one of the other girls to take my wet clothes and throw them in the dryer.

"You seem so tense! Relax and enjoy it!"

"It's just that I've never done this before with another girl and others watching. It feels so wrong, but so right at the same time."

"Then if it feels so right, let's continue. How about with 3 girls?"

"What? Oh my God, I'm not sure I can handle that. I could barely handle you in all my clothes! Now I'm naked in front of you guys, you haven't even touched me yet and I'm ready to lose it."

With this, Tiffany comes down to my face and starts kissing me. I kiss back, and she starts rubbing my lower stomach just above my pussy. I could feel my pussy dripping again. Tiffany backs away after I start moaning, but continues to rub her hand on my stomach, before finally reaching my clit, which was swollen and throbbing with pleasure. One of the other 2 girls had taken her clothes off, revealing her body in a pink bikini, then starts kissing me. She's right on top of my face, so I reached up to grab her face and pull it down to mine. I uttered a loud moan when Tiffany got to my left and started licking my clit, while the 3rd girl, who kept her jeans and t-shirt on, rubbed both of my inner thighs. She was so hot, too! I really wished she'd take her clothes off. I could see the bottom of her dangling belly button ring that wasn't covered by her shirt. I spread my legs a bit wider. My right leg could touch the water in the pool. How is this girl so close to the pool doing this? What balance she had.

When she got to my inner thighs, I caught fire. Tiffany kept licking my pussy, this girl kissing me had amazing lips and hands, and the other girl in my thighs proved more than I could handle, and after about a minute, my moans got loud and my breathing became panting. My legs shook, and just like that, the wave of my first orgasm completely overtook me.

"Oh fuck, guys, I'm cumming! I'm cumming really fucking hard!" I grabbed onto the girl kissing me and clawed into her. My body shook uncontrollably, toes curling, legs feeling like they're going to explode.

"Let's see if you can handle this now," Tiffany said, as the girl to my right pulled something out of her pocket. I couldn't see what it was, but then I heard a click, and instantly recognized it as a vibrator.

I was still coming down from my orgasm, catching my breath. I was in no position to say no, but why would I have? I wanted more!

The girl that was kissing me suddenly got in front of me and held my legs down and a bit spread out. Tiffany switches places with her and starts kissing me, grabbing my nipples and boobs, all while the third girl, still in the same position, places the vibrator over the top of my clit.

"Holy fuck!" I squealed. This was intense. My clit was beyond sensitive, so every second felt like a massive orgasm. I couldn't take this. It was too much. It was so good I felt like I was gonna die. I involuntarily thrusted my hips up and down. I was out of control, and this girl's face was right above my pussy.

I had to stop it or I was gonna pass out. I was running out of energy. I gave one final thrust of my hips. My hip bone smacked the girl right in the face, caught her off guard, as she tumbled backwards into the pool. The euphoria stopped, but only temporarily.

She quickly climbed out of the pool, Tiffany and the other girl unfazed by her falling in. No more vibrator in hand, she stuck two fingers in my pussy, which was squirting left and right. She knew how to hit my G spot, with her 'come here' motion. She did it hard.

"I...can't...taaaaakkeee...much...moreee...oh my fuck!" I squirted out again, and now I knew this was it. They fucked me dry. They fucked me senseless. I was exhausted. I had nothing left to give.

Tiffany knelt down to kiss me, and as she did, she rubbed my inner thigh one last time. I shuddered, still super sensitive and shaking. My pussy hurt, but it felt so good.

"I'll go get your clothes. They should be dry now," Tiffany said. I just laid there, hands covering my face, not believing what had just occurred. The other girls had gone inside the house, one of them presumably to dry her wet clothes. Tiffany was back a few seconds later with my pants, t-shirt, bra, and shoes. I forced myself to sit up, nearly feeling dizzy. I put on my bra first, then my t-shirt. My shirt shrunk a little bit in the dryer, and now it only reached down to cover about half my belly button.

"Face it, Lisa, you were dressed to show it off, so don't act like you wanna cover up all of a sudden." She was right. I had every intention of being looked at. I just didn't think it'd make me so damned horny to have girls look at me.

Now, the tough part. I had to get up to put my jeans on. I stood up, using the rocky waterfall I had been pushed off of as leverage. My legs in the groin area were so sore. I put on my right leg first, then my left. I had just slid them up to about 5 inches below my belly button, when suddenly my left leg cramped badly. Unfortunately for me, I fell to the right, and SPLASH! In the pool I went again. I couldn't move my leg to swim, so I struggled to stay afloat, trying to doggy paddle to the edge. Tiffany dove in and came and got me, and pulled me to the shallow end.

"What the fuck happened to you? I was walking into the house and I hear a scream and a splash. I turned around and see you in the pool after you had just gotten dressed, struggling to swim!"

"My entire left leg cramped so I couldn't stay afloat! Jeans really weigh you down. Ask the other girl in the house."

"Let me help you out and into the house."

Tiffany helped pull me out of the pool and let me use her as a crutch. I could feel my pussy get wet as, once again, my wet body was on display, but this time it wasn't so comfortable. She got me a towel to cover up and dry off.

"You need some water. You're dehydrated. You lost a lot of fluids back there," she said laughing. "So what'd you think? Worth it?"

"Oh my God, it was amazing. I've never orgasmed that hard before. I was senseless. My legs were shaking so badly! And my back is a bit sore from hitting the water from so high up."

"Yeah, most girls we do that to generally hit the water with their legs first. You completely lost your balance on the push."

"What can I say? I know how to make a splash!"
