 My best friend Dee belongs to a sorority. They were having a party tonight and she invited my new boyfriend Brian and I. Not that anybody really needed invitations to a sorority beer bash.

Brian picked me up dressed in jeans and a green shirt, looking almost exactly like he did when I first bumped into him. I would have to do something about his wardrobe. I had dressed to kill. My red mid-length skirt was slit to my waist. My black silk blouse was backless and cut to my navel in front. My braless tits bounced seductively as I moved.

Brian was speechless when he saw me. I planned on surprising him later when I revealed that I wasn't wearing any panties. I was having way too much fun being the aggressor in our budding relationship.

I spotted Dee as soon as we got there. Dee is shorter than I am, but much more voluptuous. Although she has perfectly huge tits, her waist is relatively narrow. Her hips and ass are five pounds away from being too big. Her dark brown hair and wide, innocent brown eyes have been the undoing of many frat boys.

"Amanda!" she squealed.

We hugged, having to shout to be heard over the music. I introduced her to Brian, whom she also hugged. He seemed a bit uncomfortable, and I assumed he wasn't used to strange women giving him hugs, let alone one this pretty. I elbowed him good naturedly to remind him that I was his date for the evening, and that I wasn't exactly chopped liver. My cornsilk blonde hair is long and straight, which accentuates my pale blue eyes. I'm taller than Dee, standing 5' 8". My curves are more proportionate than hers. I have a perky C cup with a nice, round ass. 

I went to get beers for Brian and I. The woman pouring drinks looked me up and down. Dee had warned me that there were a few lesbians in the sorority. She was very attractive, although a bit masculine. She was slightly taller than Brian, with dark brown hair and an angelic face. Her trim, athletic figure was clothed in jeans and a deep red shirt. 

"Well, don't you look fine tonight, honey," She said.

"Thanks," I replied uncomfortably. I could feel her gaze on my back as I made my way to the dance floor.

I was right about Brian's lack of dancing skills. A number of guys tried to cut in as we danced. A couple of them were pretty hunky, and all of them had big egos. I got a kick out of turning them all down.

Hours later, and more than a few beers, I was in the mood for some dirty dancing.

"Can I use your room?" I asked after I cornered Dee. She lived in one of the house's rooms on the second floor. 

"What for...oh!" She said, blushing. "You mean right now? With Brian? While the party is going?"

"I haven't been laid in almost a month," I pouted. "I'm horny and I'm afraid we'll both be too drunk to do it if I wait."

"Okay," she said reluctantly. "But only if you do my laundry tomorrow. I'm not going to sleep those sheets."

"You're the best!" I gushed, giving her a big hug. I pushed my way through the crowd and found Brian.

"Let's go upstairs," I shouted in his ear. "I have a surprise for you." He looked confused, so I pressed myself up against him, grinding my hips into his and tickling his ear with my tongue. When I pulled away, I could see the fire in his eyes and knew that he had caught my meaning.

"I've gotta pee first," he shouted back into my ear.

"Okay. Meet me upstairs then. It's the second door on the right" 

The noise was much more tolerable in Dee's room. I kept the lights out and lay down on the bed. My head was spinning from the alcohol. It wasn't long before the door opened. I saw Brian's dark silhouette outlined by the hall light.

The bed was oriented so that my feet were facing the door. I slowly spread my legs and raised my knees. I knew Brian was getting an eyeful. The hallway light had to be shining right up my dress and on my exposed pussy. So little hair grows on my pussy that I just shave it all off, leaving nothing to the imagination. I was already wet.

"Surprise! Like what you see?" I asked seductively.

Without answering, Brian stepped into the room and closed the door. Our eyes would need a few minutes to adjust to the darkness, and I felt him fumbling at the foot of the bed.

His hands found my foot and slid up to my thigh. I felt the bed shift as he climbed on. His hands easily slid my skirt up to my waist. My hips were undulating on the blanket, begging him to touch my pussy. His touch was strong and confident without being aggressive and demanding.

Brian's hands slid down to my inner thighs and gently pushed my legs wide and my knees high. I was fully exposed, my wet pussy wide open and waiting. His hands stroked the sensitive skin of my inner thighs, gliding from my knees down to my ass cheeks.

I was breathing raggedly, desperately wanting him to touch my slick, lower lips. Somehow Brian had taken control. I was delirious with desire.

The electric touch of his tongue on my pussy lips made me inhale sharply. A low, guttural moan escaped from my lips. His tongue licked the outside of my pussy, avoiding the sweet, tender inner flesh. His hands slid under my hips to cup my ass cheeks.

I was wriggling and moaning uncontrollably on the bed. His tongue was driving me wild. My hands were clawing at his short hair, trying to force his face deep inside my aching pussy. He licked at the hollows between the tops of my thighs and my throbbing labia.

Finally his tongue split my pussy lips. It softly explored the sensitive inner flesh, still avoiding my throbbing clit. His lips gently nibbled on my labia, the tip of his tongue rimmed my hole. God, if I had know he was this good I would have jumped his bones on our first date!

Brian's hands slid out from under my ass and up over my flat belly. Easily pushing aside the flimsy top, they captured my tits. While his mouth was taunting my pussy, his fingers danced across the smooth skin of my tits. His fingers brushed against the nipples, but flitted away to stroke the soft undersides.

"Oh god," I moaned. "Please do it already! I can't take any more."

Without a word, his hands cupped my large tits, his fingers trapping both my nipples. As he gently pulled and tweaked them, his tongue raked my clit. With each flick of his tongue I felt my passion rising. My swollen nipples were sending currents of pleasure to my brain.

Suddenly the door opened. The noise of the party downstairs and the light from the hall spilled into the room. The room light flicked on. I heard a gasp and looked up to see Brian standing in the doorway.

My head was already spinning from the beer and sex. Confused, I looked down at my own body. The beer girl had her head buried between my legs. My blouse was pulled out and my skirt bunched obscenely around my waist. Her hands were snaked under my hips and widespread legs, and cupping my tits.

Shocked and confused, I heard the door slam shut, but didn't actually see Brian leave. The girl never slowed her oral assault. I weakly tried to push her away. With the lights on, I could see her wide open mouth covering my pulsating pussy.

She rolled my clit between her lips and I exploded. My body shook and trembled as a powerful orgasm rocked it. Her fingers pulled and pinched my nipples as I writhed in ecstasy. Her tongue flicked the exposed tip of my clit as she held it between her lips. My hips snapped up off the bed and rockets of pleasure shot through my brain.

I had never experienced sex that was even half as intense before. My body began to drift back down to earth when she began humming directly onto my clit. Another gut wrenching orgasm ripped through me. I could hear myself distantly crying out in pleasure and moaning in delight.

Finally showing me mercy, she lifted her face from my pussy and released my aching tits. I lay there, wantonly naked and splayed open. I was dazed and weak as a kitten.

After a couple of tries, I was finally able to focus my eyes. She had shed her clothes. Her slim body was athletic yet feminine with well defined muscles. Her small tits were firm and high, with stiff, erect nipples. Any woman would have been jealous and any man would have been aroused.

All of that fled from my mind as I watched her finish strapping on a huge, rubber dildo. My eyes grew wide with surprise. The rubber cock must have been nine inches long, and molded to look like the real thing.

"No..." I gasped. "Please..."

"Oh yes," she whispered, her face glowing with lust.

I tried to scoot away, toward the head of the bed. I closed my shaking legs. The girl easily forced my weak knees apart. Gripping my hips, she pulled me toward her. I had no strength to resist.

I felt the tip of the rubber monster touch my puffy, wet pussy lips. Slowly, inch-by-inch she pulled me onto it. My pussy was so wet and open there was no resistance. My hands weakly pushed at her, but I couldn't even summon the strength to sit up. 

I was pulled up onto her lap, fully impaled, my hips snug against hers. This was far bigger than any real cock I ever had in my pussy. I whimpered as my hips undulated uncontrollably on the giant dildo.

She took her thumb and began to gently stroke my overly sensitive clit while slowly rocking her hips. The huge dildo was moving in and out of my pussy, but only a half an inch either way. Her knowing thumb on my clit was heating me up again. With a moan I surrendered to her, throwing my head back on Dee's pillow.

She leaned forward, shifting her weight so that she hung over me in the classic missionary position, the dildo still buried deep in my pussy. She began moving it in and out. Each stroke was faster and deeper.

It felt like the dildo was reaching up into my throat. My pussy was taut around the massive girth of it. She was slamming into me now, fucking me as hard and fast as any man ever had. I came, wailing and moaning as the rubber cock filled my pussy over and over.

As my orgasm subsided, the girl's pace did not. My pussy was coated in so much juice that it didn't matter. She reached down between us and flicked a hidden switch. The dildo began to vibrate.

The girl's eyes rolled back in her head. A low moan escaped from her lips. I could see her passion rising in her reddening face. Against my will, the now vibrating dildo was driving me to yet another orgasm. She plunged it relentlessly into my wide open pussy. I could feel it vibrating against my G-spot.

We came at the same time. She groaned, her body shaking and writhing between my legs. I cried out as tremors of pleasure rocked me from head to toe. The vibrating beast kept drawing my orgasm out, far longer than any I had had before.

The girl collapsed on top of me, her tits and stiff nipples poking into my larger, soft tits. The buzzing dildo still had me writhing underneath her as she reached down and turned it off.

I could scarcely breath as she rolled off of me, pulling the now silent rubber cock from my pussy with a wet sucking sound. I lay there, not able to even close me legs, let alone cover my naked body. I sobbed with relief, pleasure and shame intertwined to create a strange new emotion.

I heard her leave, and just lay there trying to regain my strength. My mind was in shock. After fifteen minutes or so, I finally found the strength to sit up. My clothes were ruined. Numbly I stole a pair of pants from Dee's closet and a big baggy sweatshirt. The pants were too short and loose in the waist. I didn't care. I left the sorority house without running into anyone I knew.

* * *

I heard the knock at my door. For the last two days I hadn't left my room. In fact I was sitting here still, dressed only in my bathrobe. After the third knock I finally decided that whoever it was wasn't going to go away.

Dee stepped inside as soon as I opened the door. Her chestnut brown hair done up in a practical ponytail. She looked worriedly at me.

"Are you alright?" she asked. "You missed all your classes yesterday and you haven't been answering your phone."

"Sorry," I mumbled. I slumped back on the couch and Dee sat next to me.

"So what's the matter?" she asked.

"I think I might be a lesbian," I said. That was the first time I had let myself contemplate that word in the last two days.

Dee looked shocked. "What makes you say that? You've slept with twice as many guys as I have. There's no way you're gay."

I began to tell her what had happened that night. My voice seemed to come from somewhere else, spilling details without my asking it to. At some point I began to cry and Dee hugged my tightly as I finished.

"Martina," Dee said, an edge of anger in her voice.

"Who?" I asked.

"Martina. That's the girl you...met."

"Oh."

"She's made a habit of seducing co-eds and other sorority sisters. I just never thought she'd stoop to rape."

"How can it be rape if I liked it so much?" I sobbed. My tears were flowing uncontrollably. The pent up emotions of the last two days were all coming out. My doubts and fears, and the dark secret that I had really enjoyed having sex with another woman overwhelmed me.

"I suppose you're right. Did you ever tell her no?"

"Uh...I don't think so. By the time I knew it wasn't Brian, I was so far gone I wanted her to finish."

A deep numbness set in. I just sat on the couch and cried. Dee would talk and ask me questions, but it seemed like she was so far away I didn't need to answer. After a while she gave up and switched tactics.

"Let's get you into a shower," Dee said. "Maybe the warm water will settle you down."

In the bathroom she started the water and took off my robe. I just stood there, tears streaming down my face. With a worried look, Dee stripped off her clothes and pulled me into the shower with her. I stood motionless under the hot water as my best friend washed my hair. I didn't react as she washed my body.

As some point during the shower my tears had stopped. Dee pulled me out of the shower and dried us both off. She kept up a steady patter of conversation, but I wasn't listening. She put on a robe, but left me naked as she walked us back into the bedroom.

Even though I was dry now, my body was shivering. Dee pushed me onto the bed and under the covers. I was still shaking under the cool sheets. I felt Dee climb in with me. She snuggled up behind me and held me in her arms.

"It's not so bad," she said. "I don't think you're a lesbian anyway. I think you might be bisexual. Being seduced by a woman once doesn't undo all the great sex you've had with guys."

Her hands were rubbing my arms and brushing the hair out of my eyes. It felt very much like something my mother might do. I rolled over and hugged her tightly. My naked flesh pressed against the soft terrycloth of her robe. She kissed me lightly on the forehead and stroked my hair.

"You know, nobody got hurt," Dee whispered in my ear. "You had sex with a woman and you liked it. That might be a bit scary at first, but there's nothing really wrong with it."

The warmth of her embrace and the blankets was finally relaxing me. I had stopped shivering. My mind drifted off into that twilight land of half-asleep and half-awake.

Dee gently kissed my forehead. She kissed my closed eyes and my cheeks. Her hands gently stroked my naked back, tracing lazy circle from my neck all the way down to my hips. Her lips wandered down my jawline and planted soft kisses on my earlobe.

Dreamily I rolled my head back. Dee's lips danced down my neck, sending small, pleasant shivers through me. Her hands moved lower, brushing across my ass cheeks.

More asleep than awake, I rolled onto my back and she rolled with me. Lying against my side, Dee's right leg was draped over mine. Her hand was momentarily trapped under my ass.

She slid her hand out from underneath me and proceeded to kiss the hollow where my neck meets my chest. One hand was stroking my forehead, the other was stroking the side of my hip.

I rolled my head back and curled my right arm around her, pulling her close. My nipples were hardening and I could feel a familiar moisture building in my pussy. It all felt very right and natural to my foggy consciousness. It was not Dee doing these delicious things to me but some formless dream lover.

Dee's hand move across my firm stomach, still tracing lazy circles. Her lips continued their feathery wandering down my chest. Her hand came to rest on my ribs, the edge of her fingers brushing the underside of my left tit. Her lips were kissing the deep cleft between my tits, her soft cheeks caressing the smooth flesh of my cleavage.

Her hand and mouth moved simultaneously. The hand cupping one large tit and her mouth capturing the stiff nipple of the other. I arched my back in pleasure, a low purr of contentment rumbling in my throat.

Dee's hand and mouth gently and softly played with my tits. My hands were stroking her hair and shoulders as I slowly undulated beneath her. I was drifting back from dreamland to reality. The burning desire in my groin was dispelling my drowsiness. Dee rolled the rest of the way on top of me, straddling my hips while her mouth and hands played with my tits. 

"Dee..." I murmured. "I...I'm not sure about this."

She sat up, still straddling my hips. I suddenly felt naked under her wanton gaze. She stripped her open terrycloth robe off and tossed to the floor. Although I had seen her naked before, in fact I had just taken a shower with her, I had never really looked at her.

Dee's tits were magnificent. They were far larger than mine, but still round and firm. Her nipples were equally large, with wide areolas. Her narrow waist was soft and feminine, not as muscular as mine. The skin of her thighs and ass were soft and warm on my hips. I could feel the wet heat of her pussy pressing into my stomach.

"Just let it happen," Dee whispered. "I doesn't have to be like before. It can be so much better."

She bent over and ever so gently placed her lips on mine. Her stiff nipples brushed against the sensitive flesh of my tits. She carefully licked my closed lips and rained soft kisses on them. 

A fragile barrier inside my mind shattered. I opened my mouth to accept her darting tongue. My arms curled around her naked back and I pressed her body full against mine.

We kissed for many minutes. My hands wandering across her naked back and explored the smooth expanse of her ass. Her hands caressed my face and hair.

Ever so gently, Dee broke our kiss. She slid down my body, her lips and tongue licking and kissing their way down to my chest. Her hands stroked the sensitive undersides of my tits while her lips and tongue licked and sucked on my nipples.

My body writhed underneath hers and a soft whimper escaped from my mouth. I wanted to spread my legs and wrap them around her, but Dee had them trapped between her own legs.

Dee's mouth on my nipples was driving me wild. She teased the swollen nubs with her lips, swirling her tongue all around them. She gently pulled on them between her teeth until the distended flesh popped free.

I was delirious with need when she finally began to lick her way down my stomach. With her chin rest just above my hairless pussy lips, Dee finally released my legs. They flew wide open, seemingly with a mind of their own. My pussy wasn't just damp, it was dripping.

Dee began to kiss and stroke my inner thighs. Her soft cheek would brush against my aching pussy, but she passed it by to kiss and stroke the other thigh. I was frantically wriggling and humping my hips trying to get her mouth where I wanted it most.

Then Dee's face pulled away. Her hands gently held my thighs wide open. I could feel her warm breath on my pleading pussy lips. I whimpered wordlessly, trying to hunch my pussy closer to her mouth.

"You have a beautiful pussy," Dee whispered throatily. "I want to lick you all over until you scream."

"Oh, yes," I moaned. "Do it. Please lick me now. I need to feel your mouth on me."
