 The next morning I woke up in a tangle of Delia's arms around my lean, muscular body. I sat up and smiled at her, a vertical beam of sunshine crept through the curtains and trailed down her beautifully naked body. She twirled the curls in my hair, and then looked at me affectionately.

"Blair," she said. "Don't take this the wrong way, ok? I just... I just don't want anyone to know about what we did. I'm not a lesbian, you've got to understand." 

"I understand," I said, even though I was fairly convinced that she wanted me just as badly as I wanted her, and at the same time I was really fucking scared that she would be too conscientious to ever do it again.

"But," she said, her right leg bobbing up and down and her big eyes looking hopeful, "I still want to do... well, you know, I had a fantastic time last night."

"I'm really glad you did," I said, trying unsuccessfully to conceal my infinite relief, and got up out of bed, naked, to brush my teeth and wash my face. Delia followed me into our bathroom and we stared at each others' naked reflections in the mirror, which was low enough for us to see our pubic hair. The small, dark nipples of her perky breasts were visibly hard. She stepped closer to me and started running her fingers through my pubes and I was already getting wet by her early morning desire for my body. She kissed me and then I watched in the mirror as she leaned forward to suck my tits. 

I put one leg up on the counter so that my cunt was open wide in front of her and she grabbed her electric toothbrush and turned it on. I squealed in delight as she gently scooted it into my slicked up cunt, the vibrations manifesting an ecstasy of quick, fulfilling orgasms over and over until I had to tell her to pull it out because it was just too much and then I'm down on my knees, pushing her thighs apart and licking her clit and fingering her ass. I feel her hole contract reluctantly, but once my pinky is up inside, she's is about to come and my licks become more rapid until she's hunched over me, gasping for air, gasping for more, and finally joins me on the floor, with her legs splayed around me. We're both breathing hard, but I'm still hornier than hell, especially at the sight of her labia stretched out in front of me. I lean forward and rub her cunt and kiss her neck and whisper in her ear about the sweet pleasures of girl-on-girl 69.

She looks at me and kisses my mouth long and hard and pulls herself to her feet, then walks back to her bed, her round ass bumping and turning me on impossibly more. I follow her, my legs weak with lust, and she's got her legs spread wide on the bed, the pink flesh of her cunt is shiny and beautiful amidst the backdrop of dark pubes between her thighs. I climb onto the bed with her and we make out, feeling one another up and down, I'm squeezing her tits and she's rubbing my clit and I finally break our embrace and straddle her face, placing my cunt straight over her mouth, and reach into her hot pussy with my fingers and tongue. She's a 69-neophyte, that's for sure – she's so into my skill that she's not doing me well enough, so with one hand I rub her clit in swirls and with my other hand I aid two of her fingers and one of mine up into my pussy and suggest she rim my asshole. She doesn't even hesitate and I can feel my third or fourth orgasm of the morning broiling up inside of me, just as Delia comes into my mouth and I'm eating in all of her delectable wetness. I shove my hips down onto her face and come all over her, then roll back onto the bed beside her. 

There's suddenly a knock at the door and that turns me on, but Delia scurries to find a towel to wrap herself in. I am too enraptured in the beautiful afterglow of unremitting sorority girl sex to even care, and I'm still lying naked on her bed, and turn to look at who decided to bother us at this moment.

Delia cracks the door open a bit and I hear this girl Sara's voice – she's this tall, thick chick with smooth auburn hair, piercing green eyes, huge tits, and a bubbly ass. "Delia!" she said, "Do you realize that it's almost noon and we've all been wondering where you and Blair were at during brunch!? Are you guys ok?" 

"Oh my... oh, yeah, we're ok," Delia was fumbling and her post-copulation stammering was really fucking hot, and I was trying really hard to keep my wetness at bay. 

"Where's Blair?" Sara asked while trying to push the door open to look into our room. Delia pushed the door back. "What's the matter?" Sara was getting too fucking suspicious. 

"I'm in here! Good morning Sara," I said, not moving from my naked post. Delia looked at me with her mouth open, bemused incredulity written all over her pretty face. 

"Um... hi Blair!" Sara called into the room. Delia was still keeping the door closed enough so that Sara couldn't look into the corner where I was lying. "Delia," Sara started, "did you just take a shower?"

"Oh...yeah, yeah, I just got out of the shower," she responded like she was on a fucking comedy sitcom and I couldn't help but laugh. 

"Well, why's your hair so dry?" Sara asked.

"Um... I've been out for a while. The uh, ventilation, yeah, in this room, it uh, dries my hair really fast, you wouldn't believe," Delia said, fumbling adorably, a complete idiot!

"Whatever," Sara said, then pushed hard at the door and Delia jumped aside – Sara's a big girl, after all. She gasped when she saw me sprawled there naked on Delia's bed. "Oh... my.... God!" she breathed loudly. "I knew you were lying, Delia! Everything makes so much more sense now!" she was getting hysterical. Delia shut the door. 

"Sara," I said calmly. "I'm the lesbian here, and Delia just wanted to experiment last night. That's all. Don't make this into more than it is."

Her mouth was gawking open, but something in her eyes told me she was slightly turned on by the sight of my naked body. Her glance went from my cunt to my tits to my mouth, never my eyes, then to Delia, wrapped in a little purple towel, then back at me. 

"So, are you gonna stand there all day or are you gonna join us?" I finally asked after what felt like 3 or 4 minutes of looking back-and-forth at one another. Delia was grinning majestically but I was serious. Sara looked down at her fluffy baby blue slippers, then back at me. "Ok," she said, and I wasn't sure if she was going to leave or if she was consenting to brave this monsoon of rough and lovely orgasms I had created the night before. 

She brushed past Delia and I thought she was going to leave the room, but she was reaching to lock the door, then she pulled down her pink flannel pajama bottoms, and I was pleased to see that she wasn't wearing any underwear. Delia ripped off her towel and jumped onto the bed with me, climbing on top of me and wildly kissing me all over and I started rubbing her cunt. Sara was on the bed now, too, totally naked. The sight of two beautiful girls naked before me had me hornier than I had ever been in my entire life, and Sara was awkwardly sitting next to me and Delia. 

I reached over and grabbed a piece of her big ass, then slid my finger into her crack and suggested she straddle my face and I would eat her out. She was reluctant, but her nipples were hard and when her red pubes and pink cunt were in full view, I rubbed her wetness over the length of her crotch and up to her clit, then I sucked her wetness off my fingers and slid them in and out of her big cunt, her big asshole, then stuck my tongue up and over her pussy. Delia was humping my leg and thrusting her fingers up in me while I ate out Sara's cunt, and Sara was coming and shaking and her knees on either side of me were squeezing my ribs and I was about to come with the slight pain I was feeling and the asphyxiation of her crotch over my face and Delia's finger fucking. Delia's body was jerking up and down and I could tell by all of our screams and cries that this was going to be one loud orgy. 

Sara clambered off of me and started sucking my tits like a mad woman, and I thrust my hips up and down in reaction to my coming and I didn't even have time to recuperate, because Sara was kissing my tits and my face and saying shit like she wanted to taste her cunt in my mouth and Delia was licking my clit. Sara then straddled my chest and started fucking my tits with her cunt. This girl is fucking great, I was thinking, as she fingered her clit and fucked my tit. Delia's licking and Sara's kinkiness had me coming again and crying out in amazement – my sorority dreams had finally "come" true.