 A few weeks had passed since my encounter with Alison. I had gotten stuck into my busy, often exhausting schedule at work which left me with very little time to do much else but sleep and decorate. The graveyard shifts - 12 hour shifts starting early evening and ending early morning the following day - were commonplace among the new Seniour House Officers. If it wasn't for the excitement of having finally graduated, finding a job so soon and relocating to a different part of the country, I would most certainly have felt some sort of resentment.

A lot had changed in such little time. I was now working ridiculous hours, paying my OWN bills, handling a mortgage, living in the big scary city of London and trying to make new friends. Gone were the days of partying up a storm and living off the bank of mummy and daddy. All this new-found responsibility at the age of 25 was a shock to my system.

I was still getting familiar with my environment, getting to know my colleagues at work who seemed hell-bent on getting blind-drunk every weekend without fail. I had heard that this was common amongst medics due to the heavy pressures placed on them from the nature of their work but I never imagined it would be this crazy. How they managed to carry out their duties so professionally the morning after the night before never ceased to amaze me.

The house was now looking so much better, much more of a home than just a house, now neatly littered with a few personal items - pictures, a bookshelf or my mini library as I liked to call it although I had very little time to indulge in one of my favourite pasttimes of getting completely lost in a good book - and a few others. 

More paintings hung on the walls, a little more furniture. I had quickly come to realise that London, even at it's best, was a very cold and at times unfriendly place so I was trying desperately to create some sort of warmth in my home, a haven to come home to after a hard day's work.

I missed my friends and folks back in York desperately and spoke to them whenever I could. I had finally heard from Toby, the poor excuse for a boyfriend I had left behind, about a week afer I moved into the new house. I had foolishly expected him to be apologetic and beg for forgiveness which I would have given him quite readily despite his thoughtless and stupid behaviour. I mean, he had been such a big part of my life for such a long time that letting go would not be easy. I had loved this guy from the very depths of my soul. He saw me at my best and worst. He knew how to make me laugh, feel special, feel happy. But for the past few months all he seemed to be able to do was make me cry.

During this unexpected phonecall Toby proceeded to tell me just how much he despised me for what I had done (leaving him behind to pursue my career). God, I never knew it was such a crime to have ambition. He then decided I should know that he was now living with Sally. Sally who? Sally, Sally....not the same sally from the Baker's Arms pub down the road from our old flat surely? I almost considered her a friend. Although I was trying to put on a brave face and show him that I really didn't care, I became more and more incensed by the things he was telling me, even though I knew they had probably been carefully designed to hurt me.

''Well you can go fuck yourself you bastard!'' were my final words to that arsehole when I couldn't stand any more of the crap coming out of his mouth. I cut the call and resolved that I had shed my last tear and would never to speak to him again.

Don't for one second think that I had forgotten about Alison. Oh no, no way. Alison was ALL that I could think about since 'that' day. I couldn't get her out of my head. I had become consumed with my thoughts about this woman. A familiar warmth spread across my nether regions every time I thought about her. Every now and then, I thought I could still feel the silky touch of her hands, her lips and her tongue lingering all over my body. On the warmest day, even my nipples would burgeon and stand erect, remembering all the attention she had administered to them on 'that' day. That blissful day.

Once the euphoria and excitement of being with a woman for the first time had passed, I began to wonder what I must have been thinking at the time. It just wasn't something that I would do...was it? 

Sure, I had admired other girls before. I had even had fleeting thoughts of what it would be like to kiss or be intimate with another woman but never would I have had the guts to actually do anything to find out. Not likely. What could it possibly mean? I knew I wasn't a lesbian, that was for sure so why had I given myself up so freely and easily to a complete stranger? And a woman at that. Perhaps there was a side to me, my sexuality, that had lain undiscovered and unexplored for all these years. Or was it something I had chosen to ignore? 

Toby had been very much a man's man, a macho man if you like and so domineering. He thought gays and lesbians were abhorrent, scum of the earth and would never have conceded the idea of myself being with another woman. Maybe I had concealed my thoughts for that reason. Or maybe she had just caught me at my most vulnerable. 

Yes, that must be it...I was just seeking comfort, just a silly moment that should never have happened. So then why the hell had I enjoyed it so damn much and was left craving more? Why was I fantasising about this beautiful stranger all the time? Oh heck I was as confused and embarrassed as ever. The last time I felt like this was when I was about 15 and agonising about whether my crush Josh fancied me as much as I fancied him. I felt like a schoolgirl just then.

The fact that I had not heard from Alison in all this time just made me feel worse about the whole thing. Perhaps it was just a silly moment for her too or was it all part of some kind of sick game for her and her and Mark and their 'open' relationship. But her obvious concern that night she knocked on my door and the note she left me the next morning partly reassured me that was not the case. I guessed she had decided to leave the ball in my court. Well I would have to speak to her sometime soon, if only just to clear my fuzzy head a little. 

This coming Friday would be the day, I decided. I had a rare weekend off from work. I would simply call her on the number she had left for me on her parting note, invite her out for a few drinks and a chat and that would be the end of it.

And so I did - call Alison. I nervously dialled her number and waited for what seemed like a neverending sequence of rings before a familiar voice rang in my ear.

''Hello?'' Oh God, my heart was pounding.

''Uhmm hi, it's uhmm...it's me, it's Jo.'' I stuttered like a fool.

''Hey hun!!! Gosh, been a while. I was starting to think I'd never hear from you again.'' She chuckled. ''You alright?''

''Oh uhmm yeah yeah I'm fine, absolutely fine and look I'm sorry I haven't been in touch, I've just been really busy. You...you're not upset or anything are you? I meant to call but I...'' Why was I so bloody nervous?!

''Hey look it's ok, I understand.'' She cut me off before I could finish what I was saying. ''What have you been up to then?'' She asked with an inquisitive tone.

''Sorry to bore you but it's all been work work work lately. I think I need to let my hair down a little before I go insane.'' I heard her chuckle once again. ''Listen, are you free for drinks Friday?'' I asked nervously.

''Friday, Friday...yep I'm all yours. There's a really good wine bar I can take you to. Shall I pick you up about 6-ish?''

''Uhmm alright then yeah, see you then.'' And with a brief goodbye, we hung up.

I felt more and more nervous as Friday slowly arrived. What would I say to her? Would things feel awkward? When I arrived home after work that Friday, I entered the house, dumped my bags, kicked off my shoes and rushed to the bathroom peeling off my clothes as I went. I jumped in the shower and cleansed my body from head to toe of all the day's hard work and sweat. A feeling of anticipation washed over me as I climbed out and dried myself, making my way to the bedroom. I brushed it off as nothing more than nerves. 

I picked out a casual outfit of skinny stonewashed jeans, chocolate brown stiletto heeled boots worn over my jeans and a pretty, floral top cut just low enough to give wandering eyes a sample of my ample breasts. I chose not to wear a bra simply because the thick straps would show under the delicate straps of my top. I applied some make-up and teased my long dark hair into gentle curls, letting it fall around my chest, shoulders and upper back. 

I grabbed a light jacket and sat on the edge of the bed chewing my lip, almost rehearsing what I would say when I met the woman who had basically seduced me a few weeks before. And not against my will either.

I didn't have long to practise as I heard the doorbell ring. I literally jumped up and ran to the door, pulling it open to find Alison standing there just as I remembered her only this time a hell of a lot...sexier. Her gorgeous auburn hair was sleeked into an up-do secured with a clip. Her eye-shadow complimented her beautiful green eyes and her figure-hugging green and black dress accentuated her few curves. Her perfectly painted lips curved and twisted into that familiar welcoming smile. Could I really be attracted to this beautiful picture that stood before me? Hell, it would have been hard not to with her looking that good.

She greeted me with a loud kiss on each cheek and open arms, proclaiming how much she loved my outfit. Her eyes sparkled as they drank in every last drop of me. Waiting outside was a metallic silver BMW Z8, stylish and sexy just like it's owner. We jumped in like a couple of giggling schoolgirls, chattering mindlessly about nothing and everything as we zoomed off to our destination, The Living Room, a classy wine bar in the city with a live band playing a mixture of old classics and popular new ones. 

Finding a cosy brown leather couch in a corner to sup our drinks in, we started on the first round of the night. She had decided against drinking alcohol as she would be driving later on and so restricted herself to red bulls and juice. 

I was feeling a little more relaxed by that point though still a little fidgety from my nerves. Alison must have realised this as she instantly put me to ease, recounting hilarious stories of mishaps that she'd encountered, disastrous relationships...by the first hour I was fully relaxed. 

As the wine and conversation flowed, interrupted only by moments stolen to enjoy the music and bustling scenery, or to get up and dance. I asked about Mark and got a reply about how they were no longer an item although I never got a full explanation why and I never asked.

I barely noticed as our bodies moved closer and closer on the couch as the music got louder and louder and the crowd thickened. Her left arm rested behind my head and across my left shoulder almost beckoning me to move closer still, her soft hand occasionally stroking my back, her other hand would place itself across my knee or thigh when she wanted to articulate a certain point. 

If only she knew the effect she was having on me. Or was it the alcohol? Whatever it was, I was just enjoying being with her. We were almost breast to breast, knee to knee and could easily have been mistaken for a couple on a first date. Feelings of anticipation washed over me again though this time I knew it was nothing to do with being nervous.

I'm not even sure she was aware of her actions but at that moment, they seemed so natural. The alcohol had not affected my train of thought just yet and I was still trying to figure out how to bring up the subject of 'that' day. This place wasn't my ideal choice to broach such a topic simply because everything was so loud. Somewhat at a loss for words, I rested my head on the back of the couch, trapping Alison's arm between it and my neck. Alison appeared to come to my rescue as she scooted up closer to me and whispered barely audibly in my ear.

''Let's go.''

It was all I needed to hear. We finished off our drinks, retrieved our jackets and made our way to the exit, pushing past the heaving crowd as we did so. The time was now quickly approaching midnight and the night air was chilly, instantly sending goosebumps all over my skin. My nipples also tensed and became pronounced as they always did when I was cold, or more recently whenever I remembered what Alison had done to me. 

As we shivered our way down the busy street towards the car, Alison suddenly darted into a dark alleyway, deserted but for a few empty beer cans and litter, pulling me along behind her.

''Where are you goi...'' I wasn't allowed to finish as she slammed me against a wall, grabbing both my arms, her breath heavy and warm against my cheeks. She crushed her lips against mine, kissing me with a fervour I had never experienced before. Not even with Toby. I let out a throaty muffled moan of shock/protest but she ignored me. She wrapped her right arm around my waist, cupped the back of my neck with her left hand and pulled me close to her, our breasts greeting, more intimately this time, as they had done earlier that night. 

I made a feeble attempt to break our sudden attachment, not sure if this was what I really wanted. I gently pushed against her and dug my teeth into her lower lip, enough to cause pain but not hard enough to draw blood. It only seemed to spur her on even more because she winced slightly and held me even tighter against her, probing my mouth further. I soon gave up my futile resistance and let her have her way. If I really wanted to, I knew I could make her stop, but instead I did nothing.

When she finally let me go it was not because she had tired of me but because of the increasingly large mostly drunken male audience that had gathered at the entrance of the alleyway whooping and cheering at the free show that was playing itself out before them. Alison grabbed me once more and we raced our way back to the car and headed home. 

Not a word was spoken as we drove though the quiet streets. The silence would have been deafening if not for the gentle hum of the engine and the soft music coming from the car stereo. I glanced at her a few times, watching her lips move along with the music, wondering what she was thinking and more importantly what other surprises she had in store for me that night. Something told me she wasn't done with me just yet. I drifted into a light sleep.

I awoke when the car came to a halt and the music was turned off.

''Home sweet home.'' Alison chirped.

I let myself out of the car and we walked up to her door. She unlocked it and we made our way to the living room, discarding our belongings in the hallway. I collapsed on the large plush sofa in her living room, the bright lights above my head waking me out of my sleepy state. I hadn't noticed just how plush and luxuriously decorated Alison's place was until that night. The last time I was there, the mass of bodies had prevented me from being able to fully appreciate it but now I could in all it's splendour. 

Alison strolled over and took a seat beside me. We reminisced over the night's events, laughing at the cheesy passes made at us by drunken guys, making fun of each other's dance moves. Then came the uncomfortable silence. And out of the blue:

''Jo, listen. I'm sorry I came across the way I did tonight. I've been really stupid.'' She waited for confirmation that she could carry on. My gentle nod gave her this.

''It's just that I haven't been able to stop thinking about you since the last time we were together and...I guess I got a little bit too carried away.'' She smiled sheepishly like a child caught with her hand in the cookie jar, waiting for my response. Now she looked as nervous as I had been earlier.

''Alison I've been meaning to talk to you for a while about...stuff, you know, what happened last time.'' I started.

''Look sweetie I'm so sorry, I wasn't thinking. I shouldn't have been so stupid to pull a stunt like that. It's a weakness of mine, I'm so used to running my business exactly the way I want it and have my staff do what I say all the time that I start to think the same applies to everything and everyone else - I think I can have it all my way. I took advantage when you were almost defenceless. I hope I haven't upset you.''

''No please don't apologise.'' I paused and took a deep breath summoning more courage to say what had been on my mind for so long, astonished that the woman who had been so brazen and forceful a few moments ago was now showing me her vulnerability in all it's awkwardness. 

''What happened last time has never happened to me before. At first I thought it was just a silly encounter but just like you, I've been thinking about it ever since.''

The look on her face told me what I was saying was giving her some reassurance. 

''I'm not ashamed to say that it was one of the best things that has ever happened to me.'' I could not believe how forward and honest I was being with all this. Must have been the dutch courage from all those drinks!

I explained to her that I had been left feeling confused by what had taken place, although I had enjoyed every last minute of it. She hugged me close.

''Jo, I'm happy to hear you say this but I want you to understand that never again will I force myself on you like that.'' Another long silence. ''Not unless you want me to.'' Our bodies danced against each others as we both laughed. She planted a soft, audible kiss on my cheek.

We stayed like that for what seemed like an eternity, each not wanting to let go. What happened next was a surprise to both of us as i moved my head to the side, searching for her lips, breathing in her sweet perfume as my nose brushed against her neck. My lips found hers and I began a delicious caress, exploring every corner of her beautiful mouth as I kissed her, slowly, deliberately. She tasted sweet. 

Alison pulled away, catching her breath. Her lipstick had long since become smeared in a coral pink haze across her lips but she still looked beautiful. 

''Do you want to go home?'' She asked, her way of asking me if I was willing to spend the nigh with her. Another gentle kiss planted squarely on her delicious lips gave her the answer she wanted. She pulled away again, standing up and leading me to another part of the house. She led me to her bathroom, just as plush as the living room. 

She now became the attacker and planted wet kissed along my neck, holding my hair out of the way with one hand, the other undressing me, undoing the first two buttons on my top effortlessly but struggled with the last one so I came to her aid, undoing it myself releasing my heaving breasts in the process. They came bounding out and jiggled to a rest across my chest. 

She delighted in the bountiful gifts I had just presented to her as she moistened her lips in antcipation. She cupped my left breast with both hands, gently moulding the soft flesh between her fingers, watching as my nipple danced around the middle of my breast, almost salivating at the sight. I watched as she brought her lips close to my nipple, so close that I could feel her breath. She reached out her glistening tongue until it was barely a millimetre away from my turgid bud. My breath quickened and shallowed as I remembered the intense pleasure her lips had delivered to my breasts the first time. She looked up at me and gave me a devilish smile, waving an index finger in front of my face.

''Uh-uh-uh, not yet. I'll save these for later, but first...'' She released my breast and resumed her kisses and undressing, this time focusing on my stubborn jeans which, with a little pulling and tugging, fell to my ankles followed by my thongs. I slid them off my feet. She rained kisses all the way from my neck down to my feet and all the way back again, letting her hands slide over and firmly press the flesh of my buttocks. Alison stood back and her eyes again drank in my nakedness, her usually pale skin now flushed with obvious excitement. 
