 Southern Nights 01. – The turning point

Mary was so nervous she had troubles keeping up with the traffic around her. It was early afternoon rush, and a lot of aggressive and impatient divers all over the place. Normally she would be so annoyed about this that her adrenaline would be like that of a cliffhanger. 

But not today. This was a very different day. Possibly a day to turn a new page in her life. At the very least a new start, that's for sure. She was on her way to a very important meeting. Very important indeed!

Even much more important than the corporate meetings she frequently attended, meetings otherwise so important to her career possibilities. But this was not about career. No statistics this time! This was all about her. About taking care of her own self.

And who would believe that a woman like her, Mary Gardner, a well- off redhead just turned thirty-eight, with a good job and now dressed in her very best suit would be nervous about meeting a 18 year old girl!? Still almost a child?!

But that was exactly what was up next. When she would just get out of central downtown and up past Sandy Bay, she would find a discreet place to park her car at the main mall, and then make the 10-minute walk down to another, smaller mall. Safety first! Up there on the second floor was a simple restaurant that normally wasn't very crowded. That was their rendezvous- point.

She cursed silently – a hissing 'students T!' - when she again got too close to some car passing by. It was impossible to keep her focus on her driving. Again and again her thoughts went back to the mails and chats she had shared with this youngster. 

How fast it had all happened, and how afraid she was that she was being kind of set up, or that it was all too good to be true.... Somehow.

She had finally got the nerve to try to sit down and write an Internet contact ad. An ad where she would tell anybody who wanted to see exactly what she was looking for. Nothing more; nothing less.

She had started by trying to get an overview of the available sites by browsing through a lot of other people's ads to get some ideas about how to formulate her own text.

And that's when she happened to see the little note that she now hoped would change her life. It was well hidden among a lot of other ones with photos of varying quality displaying blot- covered faces or bodies.

This one had no photo at all; just a small, but very direct text;

