 I sighed with absolute pleasure. I was currently in a private room, stretched out naked on a massage table. Candice had brought me up and got me situated under the sheet. She told me to relax and that Mischa would be right in to take care of me before quietly leaving.

Following her instructions, I closed my eyes and smiled. My body was humming and I had no thoughts in my head to worry me, nothing to think about but the amazing episode downstairs. God, that was so hot! Exactly what I needed. Just replaying it in my head got me warm all over again, so when Mischa knocked lightly and opened the door, I was ready to go.

I had no expectations for anything but an ordinary massage, but I won't lie that when I saw Mischa, I definitely wanted more. She was about 5'7'', slender, with long black hair curling around her shoulders. With hazel eyes and a golden complexion, she had an exotic look around her that was delicious.

"You must be Lara," she said with a smile, grabbing a chair and sliding it to the head of the table. She sat and crossed her long legs, the short robe-looking dress she wore riding high on her thighs. "Let me take a moment to go over some preliminary information with you."

I lifted up slightly, resting on my elbows, careful not to rise up too much. Normally, I am a bit modest, but given what had occurred downstairs and the fact I was in front of a masseuse who dealt with a fair amount of nudity, those qualms had been eliminated. However, I was still in a state of arousal, and my nipples were so hard. No sense broadcasting my excitement.

We went over the normal procedure, and talked about any potential health issues, with Mischa taking notes on a clipboard. Then finally, Mischa rose and dimmed the lights. She then set the clipboard on the counter of the wall unit, turned on some soft music, and stood next to the table. 

"Now, I see you requested a hot oil massage, if possible, is that right?" Her hand stroked through my hair and it took all my willpower not to purr.

"Yes. Would that be too much trouble?" Mischa was to my left, her firm breasts pushing against her dress. I tried closing my eyes, but with each movement Mischa made as she prepared for the session, I couldn't help but watch her. She bent to open a cabinet, and my mouth watered as the material moved over her tight ass.

"Not at all." She stood and turned, smiling down at me. I was still watching her body very closely as she moved, and could feel my cheeks flushing a little as I met her gaze. "Are you comfortable with me removing the sheet?"

I would be completely exposed, and damn if that idea didn't turn me on! My heart started beating rapidly. The idea of being completely naked in front of her as she touched me was so enticing, so arousing, I nodded quickly, unable to speak, not noticing the unusual request. 

I closed my eyes again, and this time, kept them closed. I shivered as she dribbled the oil over my back, her strong fingers kneading into my skin. Starting at the base of my spine, she slowly worked her way up my back, over my shoulder blades, up my neck to gently pull and loosen the muscles there. I began to calm down a little, and simply began to enjoy the massage.

It proceeded as a normal massage would. Mischa rubbed down my arms to my hands, and then moved to the end of the table to do the same to my legs. I was somewhere in between sleep and awake when I realized she was inching her way further up my thighs than was typical, spreading my legs as she went. 

My breathing picked up again, and I worked to keep my body slack. My mind, however, was screaming 'Touch me! Touch me!'. Mischa must have heard my thoughts, or I anticipated her next actions correctly, because I felt those slick fingers graze over my lips then take hold of my ass cheeks. Slowly, she spread them and I felt myself tremble. Even though the lighting was dim in this room, there was enough for her to see me completely bare! And I liked it!

When I felt the warm oil drip onto my ass and trickle down my cleft, I moaned, unable to help myself. I heard Mischa laugh softly.

"I saw you looking at me, staring at my breasts. Did looking at me turn you on?" Her hands pulled away briefly; then I felt her finger slide into my pussy. She moaned softly, and I knew why. I was already very wet. "Yes, I suppose it did. Are you wet for me?"

"Yes," I managed, twisting my upper body slightly to see her. I gasped in surprise as I saw her. Somewhere along the way, she had removed her dress and was standing by my hip, completely naked. 

Mischa smiled at me as she slid a cushion under my hips, elevating them, then climbed on the table. She settled herself on my lower back, facing away from me, her hands rubbing every inch of my ass, spreading them wide.

"Just relax for me, Lara," she murmured before I felt her tongue run across my asshole. I jerked forward in surprise, but Mischa only held my legs open, her face pressing against me. Her tongue lapped at me, circling that back hole over and over before pushing and working her way into my ass. It was so naughty, so forbidden and I reveled in the sensation.

Further down she licked, running her tongue in between each fold of my pussy. She found my clit and worked it, sucking and nibbling on the throbbing flesh. I was finding it hard to not moan, my body bucking up off the table, my hands gripping the edge. 

From somewhere, I heard a low buzzing, and found out as it touched me that Mischa was holding a vibrator. I pondered briefly where she had managed to get one, but that thought didn't last, the sensations running through my body were too intense. 

Mischa was relentless with that vibrator, and pushed the tip of it against my clit, just inside my opening, up to my ass. Carefully, slowly, she slid it deep into my asshole, and I cried out with desire, my body writhing on the table. I felt her slide further up my body, her hair caressing my thighs as her mouth covered my pussy again, tasting me thoroughly.

"Such a sweet pussy," she whispered as she lifted off my back and turned, straddling my hips. I felt added pressure against my ass, and realized she was rubbing herself against the end of the vibrator. Each time she stroked herself against it only served to push it in a little further. 

Our situation was so erotic, and when I felt her fingers reach down to play with my clit, one of the most intense orgasms rocked my body. But Mischa didn't stop there; she moved the vibrator to my pussy, easily sliding it in before turning me onto my back. I felt my inner muscles clamp onto it as I came, and thrust against her hand as she fucked me with it.

Mischa bent forward, capturing one hard nipple between her lips, sucking on it, wedging her body in between my legs to keep them open. My hands rose to stroke her face and hair, tugging her close to kiss her, her tongue meeting mine eagerly. 

She pulled back to place the vibrator against my slit, making sure the tip came in constant contact with my clitoris. Adjusting her position, with one leg over my hip, she began rocking against me, grinding her pussy against the vibrator, her hands sliding up my torso. Oil was dribbled over my chest, and she continued her massage, completely covering every inch of my breasts. 

My hands covered her slick ones, and pinched my nipples as she cupped my mounds, my hips working to press against hers. The vibrator, covered not just in my juices but the oil, slipped erotically between our bodies, pulsing insistently against my clit. I couldn't take it anymore and gripped her hands tightly.

"Cum with me," I gasped as my pussy starting contracting again, and watched through half-open eyes as Mischa arched her glorious body as she came, too. 

**********

Half an hour later, I had a huge grin on my face and a bounce in my step as I exited the building and got into my car. I had showered again, signed up for an annual membership, and had set up weekly appointments for the next three months. I couldn't wait till next Friday!