 People are always asking me whether any of the stories I write on here are true, so for a change I thought I’d post a story for you that was based on reality rather than fantasy. It all started when I went to this club in London with a few friends where they had this really good funk, disco and eighties music night. Anyway, I was wearing this really cute little short red dress with a pair of fishnet stockings and my favorite black knee length boots. We were all having a crazy time getting drunk and dancing like there was no tomorrow. I was just chatting with one of my friends when suddenly this tall, dark haired, olive skinned, Spanish girl grabs hold of my hand and pulls me up onto the dance floor. She was gorgeous, tall, slim, but curvy with soft brown eyes and glowing bronzed skin. 

She held my hand, dancing really close to me, and I was slightly shocked as she thrust her leg between mine, inviting me to rub myself against her as we danced. Well, I don’t need to be invited twice (well, not after a few Long Island Iced Teas) and soon one of my hands was on her ass and the other around her neck as I started to grind myself against her. 

She pulled me close and kissed me ever so tenderly with her full, soft lips. Immediately I felt my pussy getting kind of twitchy. I was so turned on dancing so close to this sexy Spanish beauty, that I knew that I needed her right now. I felt her breasts pressing against me, her nipples hard through her lacy shirt. She was dancing so sexily; every touch was sending shivers down my spine and through my pussy. 

I continued to rub myself against her, feeling my pussy getting hotter and moister by the second. I had completely forgotten about my friends for now, lost in the feelings of excitement coursing through me. She leaned over to kiss me again and this time I decided to make the most of it. I put my hands on her soft face and kissed her right back. I kissed her tenderly at first, but soon I was letting my mouth open a little and slipping my tongue into her willing mouth. Our tongues met, as I felt her hand start to stroke my breast. It felt so good that my nipples stiffened instantly to her touch. 

I knew that at this point we must have a bit of an audience but I really didn't care. Instinctively I reached down and put my hand between her legs and started to stroke her pussy through her tight jeans - she moaned into my mouth and I felt myself getting wetter as she did so. She continued to stroke my breasts and ass as we kissed passionately.

Suddenly she broke off the kiss and whispered that she needed to go use the toilet. I was distraught, but my mood quickly picked up when she grabbed me and told me to come with. We burst into the toilets giggling, my heart pounding with excitement. She quickly dragged me into a cubicle and before I knew it we were kissing passionately again. 

This time we were both more bold. I started to kiss her hard, our tongues exploring each other’s mouths; I unbuttoned her shirt a little so that I could plant warm delicate kisses down her neck and across her collarbone. Her skin was so soft and warm and inviting that I wanted to bite her, so I did, gently. I felt her hand slip between my thighs stroking the exposed flesh between my stocking tops and my now soaking panties. She was getting higher and higher up my thigh and I felt my pussy quivering, and as her hands reached my panties I thought that I would cum right there and then. 

She started to stroke my pussy through my panties, then swiftly pulled them to one side before easing a finger into my tight , wet pussy. It slipped in really easily and I moaned so loudly that I knew anyone else in the bathroom must have heard it. Soon she had slipped a second finger into me. It felt so good, and being in a public place was making me even hotter. 

She started to pump her fingers in and out of me quite roughly, whilst gently stroking my clit round and round with her thumb. I was shaking with excitement already and I kissed and gently bit her neck to show my appreciation. I knew that I couldn't take much more of this and all too quickly I felt my orgasm coming. I moaned louder as she thrust her sweet fingers into my sopping wet cunt. Her fingers stretching me as she vigorously pumped them into my aching cunt. I began kissing her hard, as the quivering in my pussy became a quake and I came all over her skilled fingers. She stopped kissing me then and showed me her glistening fingers, before tracing them along her luscious lips and licking them clean in front of me.

After a moments recovery it was my turn to take the initiative. I quickly spun her around making her stand against the toilet door and spread her legs (like they do on cop shows). I soon had her jeans pulled down and found myself sitting on the toilet staring lovingly at this beautifully rounded, tanned ass. 

I started to plant tender kisses on her hips, my hot mouth trailing over her firm cheeks, as I planted kiss after kiss on her ass. I placed my hands between her legs, stroking her inner thighs softly and tenderly. She moaned a little as I allowed my hand to brush her pussy through her thong. At the same time I started to gently bite her ass. Mixing up my kiss with gentle bites and longing licks. 

I began to peel her thong down over her ass - kissing down from the small of her back until my mouth was between her legs. She leaned forward exposing her ass and pussy lips too me. I spread her ass cheeks, before burying my face between them and savoring the musky smell of her sex. I gently kissed her ass before I stuck out my tongue and took an exploratory lick of her sweet pussy; she tasted so fresh and sweet. I spread her ass cheeks further and began to lap lovingly at her delicious little cunt. She moaned appreciatively and began to rub her clit. By this time I had started to stick my tongue into her, using it like a little cock to fuck in and out of her dripping wet snatch. I love using my tongue like this on pussy and from her moans it seemed that she was enjoying it too. There were so many squelching noises and moans coming from our stall that it must have been obvious to anyone else in the bathroom what was going on. 

Next she span round a little to face me. Her, face looked so beautiful, all beaded with sweat and flushed a crimson red. This time she put one foot up on the toilet, letting me squat before her and have perfect access to her neat little pussy. I began to lick her pussy again, sucking on her lips and taking her angry, red clit into my mouth. I lovingly licked her swollen clit, exposing it with my fingers, before flicking my tongue over it. She was soon shivering uncontrollably from the pleasure and to give her an extra treat I dipped a finger into her pussy, getting it nice and slick, before thrusting it into her ass. It was obvious that she liked having her ass fucked from her squeal of pleasure, and I started to pump my finger into her. 

Her hot ass was so nice and tight. i worked my finger into her before slowly easing a second into her naughty, dark hole. She started to push back against my fingers, loving the anal attention. My tongue stilled played with her clit and before long she was breathing heavily and starting to shake with anticipation of her orgasm. In another minute or so she was clasping my face to her pussy, almost smothering me, as she started cumming powerfully in my mouth. My tongue worked overtime, lapping up every last drop of her sweet secretions as she almost collapsed on top of me. 

We kissed again, a long languorous one, allowing each other to share each others pussy juices. After a little break, and a few more tender kisses, we straightened up in the mirror and headed back into the bar. We noticed a few inquiring looks from people (or was it our imagination?) as we headed back to sit at the bar. After chatting for a while, (in which time I found out her name was Bella) eventually one of her friends grabbed her and told her they were heading home. We swapped numbers and met up a few times before she headed back to Spain so there are some further stories to add to this encounter, but for now that’s all folks...