 Spanked to Submission: A Love Story

Summary: White boss tries to break free from young black seductress.

Thanks 1: To the real Annie-girl who inspired this story.

Thanks 2: To all my friends who read this story and gave suggestions (Julia, Julie, Danielle, and Anne.)

Thanks 3: To my brilliant editors who catch my mistakes (Steve B for his suggestions and Estragon for his copy editing and MAB7991 for final proof read).

.....

NOTE 1: Of course, all participants are 18 years of age and older.

NOTE 2: Part of this story was released a couple years ago, but I took it down a while ago and have completely rewritten it with a couple more chapters, a completely different sub-plot and a much different ending (this one has one!!!)

NOTE 3: Although there are elements of BDSM, this second part has a softer spin to it and is at the core a lesbian coming of age love story thus it could be a variety of categories (BDSM and interracial for example), I have chosen to put it in lesbian.

RECAP:

This part will be a lot more enjoyable and make more sense if you read the first novella first. But below is a very brief recap of the 2011 story:

In Spanked by Submission: A Novella white intense boss Annie is manipulated and seduced be her temp black 18-year-old employee and begins a lengthy journey into sexual submission including a variety of humiliations and. Punishments. She tries many times to break the powerful allure of the arrogant black seductress but always ends up in back on the lap being spanked or between the legs of her black Mistress.

For a reminder, Annie-girl is spanked multiple times, forced to get a strange Brazilian, made to orgasm with a phone inside her pussy and fuck a variety of interesting objects, made to service strangers and follow a very extreme Slave Code which is re-published here:

THE SLAVE CODE:

1. You will always call your Mistress Ms. Audree. This includes in front of clients, our co-workers and our boss.

2. You don't have a vagina, you have a cunt.

3. You don't have breasts, you have tits.

4. You will keep your CUNT shaved at all times.

5. You will only wear panties when you are on your period.

6. You will no longer wear a bra...ever. What is the point, anyway? It is not like you have grown up tits anyway.

7. You will wear thigh high stockings or garter & stockings every day

8. You will not wear slacks anymore.

9. You will wear heels of at least 3 inches to work every day, although Ms. Audree may insist on specific heels.

10. You may only orgasm after you have received proper permission from Ms. Audree.

11. You will always look Miss Audree in the eye when she is speaking to you.

12. You will always be ready for your Friday spanking.

13. Whenever you hear the command "Kneel" you will instantly drop to your knees.

14. You will never lie or keep anything from Ms. Audree.

15. You will never question anything Ms. Audree says.

16. You will say the following sentence after each spank. "Thank you, Ms. Audree, may I have another."

17. Your personal schedule must be approved by Ms. Audree.

18. Your cell phone will always be on so Ms. Audree can contact you at any given moment.

19. You will not think; slaves are like bimbos...their role is not to think, but to obey; you must accept that Ms. Audree knows what is best for you.

20. You will never disobey a direct order.

THE PUNISHMENT:

1. You start with 10 spanks.

2. Each disobedience increases your spank count.

 a. Each time you don't acknowledge me properly is one additional spank.

 b. Each time you do not look me in the eye when I speak or when you speak to me is one additional spank.

 c. Having an orgasm without permission will add an additional 10 spanks to your total, for each forbidden orgasm.

 d. Every other disobedience will have an additional punishment based on the severity as decided by Ms. Audree.

3. Any additional spanks can be done at any time Ms. Audree feels is prudent.

In this finale, after getting caught in the act of submission by her a good friend, the pregnant Jane, Annie-girl desperately tries to reclaim herself one last time...will she be successful?

Read ahead to find out.



SPANKED BY SUBMISSION: A Love Story



20. REFLECTION

Once I finally admitted to Jane I no longer had control of my own life, Jane grabbed her cell phone and made a call. I listened intently; curious to know who she was calling. Jane cursed, "Fuck, I got her machine." She waited a few seconds before leaving a message. "Dr. White, this is Jane. I have an emergency, well actually my good friend Ann does. I need to get her in to see you as soon as possible. Please call me as soon as you get this."

Jane hung the phone up and came back and held me in her arms.

Oddly, instead of feeling the great overwhelming warmth of friendship she was giving me, I felt a tingle down below, a slight flickering of a flame. I desperately tried to squelch the strange desire. My body was eagerly willing to submit to my good, pregnant, friend, while my brain was fighting against such a ridiculous desire. I fought hard to resist the burning temptation and like the old me, the stubborn determined me, I overcame the temptation. 

Jane drove me home and we avoided the topic of my transformation and instead talked about her pregnancy, her husband's refusal to have sex with her because in his mind he could hurt the baby and how bored she was at home. She joked about how the highlight of her day was what kind of freak shows would be on Jerry Springer each day. I thought to myself, I could probably have my very own special Jerry Springer moment.

Her phone rang a few blocks from my place and Jane quickly pulled over to answer it. She looked at the phone caller I.D. and informed me it was Dr. White, before quickly answering the phone. "Thank you for returning my call, Dr. White." A couple of seconds later Jane explained my fall from propriety and how I was too weak to stop it on my own.

She spoke as if I wasn't there. Listening and hearing the harsh truth of what I had become was like hitting rock bottom for a drunk. It was humiliating, devastating and humbling. It was clear, I needed professional help. 

I was distracted from my thoughts by Jane. "Dr. White is out if town this weekend, but will return early to meet with you at 8 on Monday. You can make that, right?"

I quickly agreed, desperate to get my freedom back, "Yes, Jane, I will be there."

"Excellent. Here is her card. Be early, she is a stickler for punctuality."

"Thanks Jane and I am so sorry you had to see what you saw," I apologized, tears flowing down my face.

"It's ok, Ann, I am here for you," Jane replied, giving me one more hug. For the second time though, instead of comfort, I felt temptation. Luckily, the embrace was short and soon Jane was driving me the last few blocks home. 

We said our goodbyes and I waited until her car had disappeared from my view before I went inside. I went directly to the kitchen, grabbed a bottle of wine and a glass and took a bath. I soaked in my sin for an hour and a half and two-thirds of a bottle of wine while reflecting on the past month. There had been so many times I could have stood up for myself, so many times to get back my dignity, yet I never did. As much as I hated the utter humiliation I had endured, I also couldn't deny the pure sexual bliss I felt when I brought Ms. Audree to an orgasm or when I was finally allowed to have one myself. Although in the end, through all the degradation, all the life-altering changes, I could no longer imagine a life without Ms. Audree. 

I got out of the tub, finished the wine and gazed at the television. Sleepless in Seattle was on. It's one of my favourite movies. I love Tom Hanks; why couldn't I ever meet a sweet guy like him? I also love Meg Ryan movies. I reflected about how the movie is about the impact fate has on love. They were meant to be and thus fate and his adorable son made sure it happened. Was Ms. Audree my fate? Before she entered my life, my life had been incredibly hum-drum. I woke up, I worked, I came home and I repeated the cycle. My sex life had become non-existent and I had not had any sort of semblance of a social life. If nothing else, my life was no longer predictable and my sex life was no longer stagnant. Of course, I was often a nervous wreck and probably on a crash course to an emotional collapse. I watched the Hollywood happy ending and crawled into bed, wondering what my happy ending would look like.

21. A STRANGE DREAM

I woke up dripping in sweat and leaking out blood and juice. Great I was horny and I got my period. I sat straight up realizing my dream which seemed so real, was just a dream. As I began to really wake up, I quickly got up, cleaned myself up, put on a pad and returned to bed. I lay back on the dry side of my bed and replayed the strange, yet seemingly real, dream.

I was working late one night when a still very pregnant Jane walked into my office. I greeted, "Hi, Jane, still no baby."

Jane collapsed on the couch and sighed, "He won't even come close to me."

I quit working and went to sit beside her. "Oh Jane, men are stupid. He won't hurt the baby; actually sex can help bring labour on."

"I know," Jane said, with a smile on her face I had never seen before.

"Go home and demand he fuck you," I suggested.

Jane ignored my suggestion, "Are you still Audree's slut?"

I let out a gasp at my good friend calling me a slut. I answered her shocking question, my facial expression mortified, "Yes."

Jane's sweet expression turned, "On your knees, slut."

I didn't instantly obey, so stunned from the words of my very pregnant friend. I stammered, "J-J-Jane."

"Don't you Jane me, Annie-girl." I flinched at my friend using the derogatory pet name my black Mistress used for me. "I tried to help you but you didn't listen, so I figure I might as well get mine too."

"Yours too?" I asked, dazed.

"Yes, Annie-girl. I love you as a friend, but I have had to put up with a lot of your dramatic over-the-top bullshit over the years and today I will reap my rewards for all those years of it."

I was speechless.

"I will not ask again, Annie-girl. Get on your knees."

I obeyed, my head reeling from this shocking turn of events. 

"Good girl," Jane purred, patting my head. "Do you have a strap-on here?"

"Yes, Mrs. Jane," I replied, trying to be a good girl for her.

"Mrs. Jane, I like that," she smiled. "Now I don't plan to humiliate you like your Mistress does. It is quite simple, I need to get fucked. Hard, deep and fast and you are going to do it for me, understood?"

A smile crossed my face for the first time. Whoever had the strap-on around their waist had the power. "Understood, Mrs. Jane."

"Good, now take off the skirt and get your cock on."

I laughed at the absurd order but quickly discarded my skirt and went to my cabinet where Ms. Audree kept her supply of toys. I put on the seven inch dick and returned to a now fully naked pregnant Jane. 

She looked so beautiful in her pregnancy glow. Her breasts, regularly quite large, were now mammoth. Her large belly bump seemed sexy to me. I stood in front of her, my cock ready for action, and admired her body.

Jane impatiently ordered, "Get me wet with your tongue first, Annie-girl, you must be pretty good at it by now."

I fell to my knees like the submissive I was and was astonished to feel my cunt getting wet. Jane opened her legs to present me her hairy pussy (not as hairy as my bush before the waxing, but still a lot of hair). I leaned forward tentatively and began to lick.

The second my tongue touched her pussy lips she let out a loud moan. "Oh, Annie-girl that feels so good. You have no idea how many years I have wanted to have you as my personal slut."

I asked, stunned by the revelation, "Really?"

She pulled me back into her hairy cunt as she explained, "Of course, Annie-girl, although I have learned to tolerate your ridiculous outbursts and tantrums, a part of me has always wanted to put you in your place. I never fantasized that you would be a dirty cunt-eating dyke, but what a bonus you have become. I just wanted you to come to understand how humiliating it is to be treated like shit, but apparently you get off on that, so go figure. Aahhhh."

I couldn't believe that the person I worked with best also saw me as a whiny child. I continued to lick her hairy cunt and could feel her juices beginning to be released. I took her clit and some hair into my mouth and sucked in.

"Oh my fucking God, yes, Annie-girl, that's it," Jane screamed.

I continued the concentrated clit pressure and added a finger, which I slipped inside my pregnant friend's pussy.

"Oh yes, you fucking whore, finger me, yes, yes," Jane screamed.

I kept full pressure on her clit while I pumped my finger in and out of Jane's dripping wet box.

Jane ordered, as she sat up, turned around so her ass end was facing me, "Annie, I need to be fucked. Not made love to, fucked hard, fucked deep and fucked fast."

I got behind her and slid my plastic cock deep inside my pregnant colleague. 

She screamed, "Oh fuck yes, fuck me slut, fuck your white Mistress."

Hearing her call herself Mistress stunned me. Was this going to be more than a one-time thing? I let the thought fade away and just focused on fucking her hard and fast. I thrust in and out of her cunt as fast and hard as I could, so deep in fact that you could hear the spanking sound of my pelvis hitting her ass with each thrust. 

Jane was huffing and puffing and holding on to the back of the couch as I fucked her as hard as I possibly could. "Oh yes, fuck me, pound my pussy, fuck me, fuck me, fuck meeeee," she screamed as the orgasm shook through her body. I kept fucking her hard and deep while she shuddered in pure orgasmic bliss. Her breathing continued to be erratic until she said, "Please stop."

I pulled my plastic cock out of her and stood watching my pregnant assistant attempt to regain her composure after the hardcore fucking she had just received. 

Jane turned around and collapsed on the couch with the smile of a woman completely satisfied. "Wow, Annie-girl, if only I had known years ago what kind of sexual submissive deviant you were."

I blushed, but stood still.

She opened her legs, "Annie-girl, this is just the beginning. Now come clean up your new Mistress."  That was when I woke up. What did such a dream mean? Did I want to be dominated by Jane? The thought had never even crossed my mind before that naughty dream, other than a brief passing thought last night. My soaking wet pussy implied it turned me on. Yet, as I thought about Jane it occurred to me that she was way too sweet, way too nice to ever do what I just dreamt. 

The rest of the weekend was a mental nightmare. One minute I was determined to break free from the hold Ms. Audree had over me, the next minute I craved just the thought of her taste, her touch, her dominance. Every dream I had was one of me in complete submission: to Ms. Tiara, to Sarah, to Jane, to the redhead on the train. Submission had come to dominate my every waking and sleeping thought...which meant only one thing...I indeed needed the help of Dr. White. I had to ignore my daydreams and my many body urges, I had to regain myself....

22. THERAPY SESSION

As I prepared to leave to go to my first therapy session, I was riddled with anxiety. What would I tell Ms. Audree? What should I wear? If I broke dress code, how would I deal with the consequences Ms. Audree would attempt to administer? Would I be able to stand up for myself after one appointment? Could I deal with all the consequences that came with rejecting my Mistress? The video would surely go public. Ms. Audree was not a woman who liked to lose. Lastly, did I really want to break free?

I compromised in my dressing attire for the day. Since I now had my period, I could justify panties. I wore thigh high stockings, but I could argue I was wearing those because I now loved wearing them (which was true), and not to please my Mistress. I wore the longest skirt I owned and a nice blue blouse. I looked quite business-like.

I left a message at work that I would not be arriving until approximately 9:30. I arrived at Dr. White's office a few minutes early and waited patiently. After a few minutes of waiting, I was greeted by a pretty, but quite chunky woman. I followed her into her office and looked around. There was a nice leather couch with a matching chair, a table with four chairs, and a nice oak desk. I expected one of those beds where I would lie down as she sat in her comfy chair and psycho-analyzed me. That is what happens from watching too much TV. 

She invited me to sit on the couch and she sat, with a clipboard, on the nearby chair.

"Hi, I am Dr. White, but you can call me Helen."

"I am Ann and you can call me Ann," I replied, going for witty and trying to break the awkward tension I imagine only I felt. I wondered briefly about all the people who came in here with their problems. Where did I fit in the crazy mix of Dr. White's daily schedule?

She gave me a sweet smile and began, "So let's begin with a bit about yourself. Tell me about who you are. For example, let's start with your childhood."

I pondered this question before responding with a clarity I had never realized before today. "I grew up in an old-school family. Dad worked, mom stayed home and did the cooking, cleaning and raised all us kids."

"I see."

"I never really realized it then, but based on my past month, I have become my mother."

"How so?" Dr. White queried.

"Well, in our house the rules were very clear. Dad was the boss. It bordered on ridiculous at times. Dad would phone from downstairs while he was watching some sporting event and would call upstairs for Mom to bring him down a beer and my mom dropped whatever she was doing to get him what he requested. I never put much thought into it, but I am guessing that my mother is submissive."

"Like you?"

"Yes, I suppose," I replied, putting my head down.

"Ann, it is ok to recognize your faults, because until you do there are no strategies to change."

"Really?" I asked, suddenly hopeful.

"Yes. A drunk won't quit drinking until he accepts he has a problem, often not realizing it until he hits rock bottom."

"Not sure I understand," I responded, confused by the correlation between me and an alcoholic.

"You see you are obviously submissive, like your mother, because that is the life you grew up in. You were destined to be submissive unless you purposely attempted to avoid it."

"Ok," I tentatively responded.

"No different than a child who grew up with an alcoholic father. The odds are he will end up an alcoholic too, unless he makes a conscious dedicated effort to break free from his father's influence."

"I suppose."

After a brief pause, she asked, "Thinking back to your male relationships in high school, college and your marriage, were you submissive?"
