 Hi! My name's Ellie. I used to live pretty wild and stupid, but then I had a baby and I decided to try and be smarter. Inside, though, I'm still as impulsive and hungry as ever. Sometimes, to help myself work through the drive without acting out, I sit down to write about it.

Today's is a little more extreme than my usual, but it's been keeping me warm and fuzzy all day. I hope you don't think I'm too twisted. 

In case you're new to my little fantasies, you should know that I'm eighteen and in good shape, but I'm not a skinny little thing or a super model. I work hard to keep my 36C breasts and 34-inch hips nice and shapely, though. I have long dark hair and my eyes shift between chestnut and mahogany depending on the light. I usually wear glasses and a nose-stud, and I almost always dress to show off cleavage.

There's a girl I work with named Jamie. Jamie's a college student, probably a couple years older than me, but with a blue-eyed baby face and big, toothy smile that make her look younger. She has blonde hair the color of straw, usually worn back in a ponytail. She's a few inches taller than my 5'3" and her build is slighter. Her breasts are mere handfuls. 

But Jamie has this terrifyingly cute backside that sets my heart to thumping every time she walks by. If I were a boy, it would be an instant boner, I'm sure. Round and firm enough to hold its shape but soft enough that you can't help wanting to squeeze it. It is a mesmerizing thing of unholy beauty.

I don't really know Jamie very well outside of work, but she has a good girl vibe about her. The one thing I know, from break room conversation, is that she's still a virgin. 

Within the inferno of my dirty mind, this all makes for a wild fantasy, beginning with Jamie's visiting me at my home...

It's Saturday afternoon and no one is around. Jamie has come by to talk to me about college majors as I think about future plans. She's in tight-jeans and a baby-doll shirt and I can see that her tummy and the small of her back lightly tanned, just like the rest of her exposed flesh. I want to lick and suck on every bit of that skin I see. It looks soft and silky.

I'm wearing a denim skirt and a white button-down blouse. I go to the kitchen for some iced tea and when I come back she's looking at me with interest. She blushes, though, and looks away quickly.

I sit next to her on the couch.

She smiles at first, but then she scoots a little further away. She's shy and insecure. I'm at least two years younger than year, but I feel older in this situation. It's a bit of a rush.

We talk about college for a little while, and while the conversation is innocent, my eyes roam freely about her thin body. She mostly keeps her eyes averted, but a few a times I catch her glancing at my cleavage and my legs. Anytime our eyes meet during such a glance, she blushes and looks away again.

"You're very pretty," I say at last, as the school talk starts to dwindle.

"Thanks," she says, her voice soft. "So are you."

I smile. "I like looking at pretty girls. Do you?"

"I suppose."

"You're a virgin, right?"

"Yes." Her voice is quieter.

"Are you pure?" I giggle just a bit. "Or are you naughty inside?"

"What do you mean?" Her mouth must be dry; she's licking her lips.

"Do you sometimes think naughty things when you look at pretty girls?"

She hesitates. She doesn't want to answer. But then she glances at my cleavage and says, "Yes."

"Sweet little virgins aren't supposed to do that," I scold her playfully.

"I knows." She sounds more serious. "But I can't help it."

"Have you ever seen porn?"

"Yes. Some."

"Read dirty stories?"

"Yes," Jamie admits. "Some."

"So you won't be surprised if I say that sweet little virgins with naughty minds need to be punished?"

"Ellie, I . . ." She can't think of how a good, sweet girl should say no to my suggestion, and she stands up to walk away. 

I can't help it. As soon as I see that ass of hers, I swat it.

She yelps and looks back at me.

I swat it again.

"Ellie, what are you . . . "

Now I caress it, adoringly. "It's a thing of beauty. I hate to make it suffer because you have a dirty, filthy mind." I swat it again. "But I have no choice."

She turns around so that I can't have access to her ass anymore, but as she does she's staring right into my cleavage. She steps backwards.

I spread my legs enough that I know she can see my lacy black thong. 

She turns and starts to go. "I need to leave."

I reach and and grab her wrist. I gently tug her back toward me, pulling her onto my lap. She's startled, but she doesn't immediately get up.

She's taller than me and a little older, but her face is young and she's sweet. I caress the small of her back and look up at her face, gazing at her from behind my glasses. "Don't go."

"Ellie . . ." She still can't figure out what to say to me. When her eyes drift from my eyes to my cleavage, like a teenage boy's, I pull her face down to mine, and press my lips against hers. She's started and backs up, just a little. I do it again.

"Have you ever kissed a girl before?" I ask, our mouths all but touching. 

"No. Not before, I mean."

"Did you like it?"

She pauses. "Yes."

My hand draws circles on her back, reassuring and comforting but very sensual. "Would you like to kiss me again?"

"I . . ."

I take it as a hesitant yes and I kiss her once more, this time, parting my lips slightly and offering her the tip of my tongue. She makes a strange noise in her throat, and I slide my tongue into her mouth, immediately increasing the passion of the kiss.

She's finally lost in the moment, and by the time I have sucked her tongue into my own mouth, she is kissing me back. My hand drifts down her back to cup her ass as she sits on my lip. Her hand rests on my chest. Not groping. Not squeezing. Not even caressing. Just resting there, but definitely feeling.

When I finally break the kiss, saliva is strung between our lips. I stare into her eyes. "Did you like that?"

"Yes." Shy and quiet still, but not hesitant.

"Naughty girl," I tease.

She giggles a little. "Yes."

"Come with me," I say, lowering her to her feet.

"Ellie . . . " She's back to hesitating.

I grip her ass passionately and kiss her, then trail my mouth down her throat, kissing her where her neck flows into her shoulder, sucking so hard I give her a hickey. "Come with me."

She does.

I lead her to my bedroom, where I give her no choice. I sit on the edge of my bed, and pull her over my lap, presenting her ass to me. Gorgeous. I caress it through her jeans. "Sweet little virgins aren't supposed to like tongue-kissing other girls."

Jamie giggles again, perhaps enjoying the role of bad girl a little.

I spank her again. She gasps and looks back at me. I spank her a second time. I've never felt anything like her ass. Soft enough to yield to every stroke. Firm enough to spring back to shape instantly without more than a tight jiggle.

I bend down and kiss the small of her back. She shivers. My hand caresses the shape of her ass and then slides down between her legs. She gasps and squirms, but I can feel her warmth through the jeans. 

"Sweet little virgins aren't supposed to get hot over a girl their own age spanking them."

"Ellie . . . Please . . . "

"Please what?" I ask, moving both hands underneath her to fiddle with her pants.

"Please . . ."

"Please stop?" I ask, sliding her pants and panties down as one, exposing her glorious ass.

"Ellie . . ."

"Or please don't stop?" I ask, running my tongue all over her perfectly shaped, smooth, tanned buttocks.

"Oh my... my god."

"Did that feel good?"

"Yes."

I smack her bare ass. "Bad girl." I bend down to kiss the red mark my hand left. "Delicious girl, but bad girl."

She groans again. 

"Bad girl," I say again, spanking her naked rear. For a few moments it's a wild flurry of love and affection poured onto Jamie's ass. One hand caressing and gently squeezing her flesh, the other spanking and smacking. My mouth kissing, licking, sucking, even chewing on her cheeks. It's a chorus of sensual adoration and punishment.

After a few minutes, I can feel her hand rubbing herself between her body and my lap, and I can smell her arousal.

I've never thought about doing what I'm sure I'm going to do, but the drive is irresistable.

I reach back under my pillow and pull out a dildo, the shape of a full, hard, rubber cock.

Jamie gasps. "Is that what really what a man looks like when he's hard?" she asks. "Or do they just look like that in porn?"

I run the tip across her lips. "Why, do you like that?"

"Oh yes," she purrs.

I smack her ass.

She winces.

"Then kiss it," I say.

She kisses it.

I slap her ass cheek, hard.

"Lick it."

She licks it.

I spank her.

"Suck it," I say, pressing it into her mouth.

She takes it into her mouth and gives it a good, slobbery sucking. Every time she moans or makes a noise, I spank her.

When I take it out of her mouth, I squeeze lubricant onto it from a bottle on my bedside.

"What are you doing?" she asks.

I smile at her and move the dildo behind her.

"Wait!" No she's really begging. "Wait. I don't want to loose my virginity now."

"Don't worry," I say, pouring lubricant onto her perfect little asshole, "you'll still be a virgin."

Without waiting, I press the cock into her ass, slowly, steadily, letting its mass spread her flesh. She cries out. It burns. I remember that burning from my first time. I keep pressing. She cries out louder. I begin to use the dildo in her ass just like I like a man's cock used in me.

"Oh my god, it hurts so much," she complains.

Staring at her ass, I ask, "Do you want me to stop?"

"No, anything but that."

I dildo her ass a little more quickly as her flesh becomes accustomed to it. A few moments later, she's screaming again. 

"Do you want me to stop?"

"No." She's panting, looking up at me, staring at my breasts. "No, please don't stop."

Leaving the dildo in her hole, I tug her pants and panties the rest of the way off, and then I carefully turn her into a position where's she's straddling my lap, facing me. She's still staring at my breasts.

I slowly work the dildo in and out. "You see something you want?"

"Yes."

"You really are a bad girl, aren't you?"

"Only for you," she says, unbuttoning my blouse. "Only for you, babe."

Suddenly I wonder who's really been playing whom.

She peels my blouse off, pulls my bra down, and takes the tip of my left tit in her adorable mouth. As she does, she begins rocking her hips with an abrupt back and forth jerk. 

And I know.

She's been playing me.

But I don't care. All I care about is that ass, and how much I want to make the girl attached to it feel good.

One hand keeps the cock moving like a piston in her ass. The other rubs mercilessly at her clit. One of her hands paws at whichever breast she's not sucking on in a given moment. The other is between my own legs, frigging my wet cunt inside my thong.

"Cum for me, baby, cum for me," she begs.

"Oh god, Jamie I love your ass so much." It sounds ridiculous. Juvenile. Cornball. But I don't care. I say it again. "Oh god, Jamie I love your ass so much."

Our climax is a simultaneous eruption of cries and tremors. Neither of us slows down, though or motions become less expertly controlled. Fucking each other through that climax, onto another, and then another. 

When finally Jamie crawls off my lap to lay on my bed on her belly, exhausted, I drop the dildo and stare at her.

And I can't help myself.

I smack her perfect little ass as hard as I possibly can. "Bad girl." And then I kiss the sore spot with wet, supple tenderness. "Good girl."