 I WOULD RECOMMEND READING THE FIRST CHAPTER OF THIS STORY, OTHERWISE IT MIGHT BE MORE CONFUSING. I ALSO APOLOGIZE ABOUT THE LACK OF LENGTH, I HAVE NO COMPUTER AND WRITE ALL MY STORIES ON MY CELL PHONE. BUT ILL KEEP GETTING THE CHAPTERS OUT ASAP. THANKS FOR READING AND I HOPE I KEEP MEETING MY READERS EXPECTATIONS! 





 Spencer gazed up into the piercing green eyes which beamed pure lust into her own. She had dreamt of this moment since the day she met Lexy, but now she wasn't sure if she got here the right way. 

 After she heard Lexy's urgent response, though, any thought of spilling the truth and backing out of the whole thing quickly retreated from her mind. 

 She fervently grasped Lexy's foreplay-tangled hair and raised her head to meet the beautiful, moist lips she couldn't get enough of. Lexy sighed audibly inside Spencer's mouth, and spread her legs further apart to allow her throbbing clit access to the glistening mound beneath her. Both girls moaned in unison as the searing heat of their partner's pussy jolted their sensitive, erect clits and sent a bolt of heat rushing through their entire bodies. 

 "Oh god, Spencer, I don't know what kept me from chasing you all this time," Lexy managed to squeak out between moans and grunts. 

 "I don't know if I could have waited any longer, Lex, you are always on my mind and in my dreams," Spencer replied while slowly raising her hips off the bed, grinding on Lexy. 

Lexy's entire body gyrated intensely at the peak of each thrust from below her. Neither woman could stop themselves from the release they both craved. 

Lexy could feel and hear her cum mixing and squishing with Spencer's between their folds. She started to bounce slightly, making their juices ejaculate from their point of contact every time side landed. 

Both women were holding each other's hips, uninhibitedly grinding, writhing and thrusting themselves into each other. Spencer was moaning Lexy's name and moved a hand up to massage her lovers breast and pinch her nipple. 

That was all Lexy could take-she firmly pinned Spencer to the bed by her hips and thrust her clit into her slit. Spencer grabbed Lexy's hips again and pulled her further down, the grinding now turning into spasmodic thrusts as the throes of pure orgasm ripped through their beings. 

The only sound in the apartment now was a mixture of the moans they could manage to make, and the "oh fucks" they whispered at the end of each wave.  

 After a while, the moans subsided to gasps as the two women attempted to get their breath back. The two bodies were glistening with sweat, gleaming in the moonlight shining through the curtains. 

Lexy collapsed off of Spencer and laid on her back, turning her neck sharply to absorb the most amazing image she had ever seen before; the silhouette next to her shone like a diamond atop the bunched mound of sheets, beads of sweat rolled off the skin, and her ample, firm breasts undulated in sync with the deep breaths of their owner. She reached over and ran her finger lightly across Spencer's flushed cheek, causing her to turn and meet Lexy's gaze. 

" That was amazing, Spence, I can't even think of the words to describe it," Lexy awed, running her fingers through Spencer's dark brown, tangled hair.

Spencer rolled onto her side and cupped Lexy's cheek. "I could think of a million words, but none would truly represent what we just shared, babygirl." She leaned in to kiss Lexy's eyelids and cheeks, slowly stroking her sides, and breathed her in. Her smell was addictive and intoxicating, and the way she melted into Spencer's embrace so willingly plagued Spencer with guilt. How would she ever find the nerve to tell her the truth, that she wasn't 100 percent woman, that she had a friend hack the outgoing call on Lexy's phone because she wanted her so bad? Chances were that Lexy would flip out, naturally. Probably even hate her. 

"Sweetheart, what's wrong?" Lexy's voice snapped Spencer out of her thoughts. She continued stroking her abdomen and tracing patterns around Lexy's small, but perky and arousing breasts before answering, "Nothing is wrong gorgeous, its just..tonight has shown me that my gut instinct about you was true. You are utterly unique and I want you bad." 

Lexy rolled over on her side, slid her index finger through her folds, then traced a glistening, musky trail from Spencer's shoulder bones, between her breasts, and down her stomach. Goosebumps appeared behind her finger, like the wake from a motorboat. " I have wanted you bad also Spence..I just don't want to get hurt. I think tonight has shown me you truly care about me though, and I can trust you completely. I feel so complete right now."

Spencer shivered slightly, not only from the goosebumps, but also from the fact that she was in a huge mess, and it was nobody else's fault but her own. She managed to eke out a crooked grin. " So let's get to know each other shall we? I must admit, my yen to find out what shampoo you use to get that intoxicating aroma has been bugging me for eons!" Lexy giggled and lightly smacked Spencer's butt, " Well I won't let it eat you up inside anymore, you schmooze, care to join me in the shower?"

Spencer grinned impishly and winked, " So you did catch my subtle hint. I would absolutely love to escort you there, my dear." She bit her bottom lip, bounced up and off the bed and scooped her up before she could say anything. "Now just tell me how to get there, madam." 

Lexy rolled her eyes and laughed. "Its easy, go straight down Corny Avenue and hang a right on Cheesy Street, Casanova." Spencer feigned a gasp, " I'm hurt. I rehearsed those lines for hours, and I have so many more you will just have to fall for me."

"Oh stop," Lexy flicked her hand dramatically and then swung her leg back to tap her ride's rump. "Giddyup, I'm getting so turned on by your wooing, you will just have to speed me to the shower and rub me all over." 

Spencer walked through the bedroom and into the bathroom. She lowered Lexy's feet onto the ground and stood up slowly, slightly grazing Lexy's figure with hers until she was upright. She curled her index finger into her palm and tapped the bottom of Lexy's chin. "Do you prefer your showers hot or cold?" 

Lexy cocked her head and grinned. "What do you think?"

  TO BE CONTINUED..