 Lexy and Spencer stepped out of the bathtub after a short, yet refreshing, shower. The sun was beginning to peek up above the horizon, and a pink glow illuminated the entire apartment. "Thank god its Saturday," Spencer yawned, "I doubt I could stay awake or work after that exertion of energy." 

Lexy giggled and tied her robe around her waist loosely, allowing it to lay open slightly, revealing her right breast and upper body down to her thigh. "I hope it was worth it to you, because I'm not gonna let you sleep, I want to spend time with you." Her eyes softened, and she wrapped her spare robe around Spencer's shoulders. 

Spencer quickly pecked Lexy's lips as she drew back, "It was worth it sweetie, and I would be honored to be the one you spend your Saturday with," she winked, "but if I fall over dead from exhaustion, don't be surprised."

Lexy rolled her eyes in feigned exasperation and started into the kitchen. Spencer tied her robe and tousled her wet hair, droplets of water spraying off and settling to the ground in a soft mist. She went over to the sink and rubbed a circle on the fogged up mirror. 

"How long am I going to pretend?" she thought to herself. "She is drawn to me for what I seem, not what I am," she instinctively moved her hand over her crotch, knowing the mutation which presided there, sheathed and hidden behind her clit. 

Since the day she was born, her cock had baffled and awed hundreds of doctors, who knew nothing about this phenomena or what to do with it. She was biologically a man, with a working penis, yet it was hidden behind flawless outer female genitals. She still didn't understand all the technicalities, but knew she was a drop-dead gorgeous woman with a desire for other women. She just eliminated the need for a dildo! 

Her childhood had been nothing short of a struggle, especially when her parents enlightened her on how she was "just a little different" from all the other kids. The awkwardness about this made her completely introverted, and every day she worried about her peers finding out the truth. 

After she graduated high school, though, she spent time away from home and the people she grew up with, but never got to know, and went to automotive tech school. During her 9 month program, she learned to accept herself for who she was, and began dating women. None of her relationships ever worked out, though, because she didn't love them enough to expose the truth, but couldn't live a lie. Now Lexy had changed all that, and Spencer didn't know what to do about it. 

"SPENCE! Are you alive in there?" Lexy yelled, bringing Spencer swiftly out of her thoughts. She trotted into the kitchen and stopped behind Lexy, engulfing her in a huge hug. 

"Yes I'm alive, silly," she giggled and nibbled on Lexy's neck. "I was just thinking about how sexy you are, you give me a huge hard-on." She winced, waiting for her lover's reaction. 

"Well I'm glad baby," Lexy grinned and blushed at the raw comment. "I've been waiting a long time to be the one to turn you on." She turned towards Spencer and slid her hands into the other woman's robe, kneading her lower back muscles. Spencer immediately felt goosebumps erupt all over her body, and shivered slightly from the pleasure. Lexy's aroma was more intoxicating than ever, and Spencer couldn't help but lean in and nuzzle her nose in the soft locks. 

Lexy sighed, resting hear head in the crook between Spencer's neck and shoulder. "I made bacon," she whispered, wrapping her arms tighter around Spencer's body, pulling her closer. 

Spencer forced herself to pull her nose away from Lexy's head and sniff the air. "It smells delicious," she replied, her brain recognizing the smell and causing her stomach to growl loudly. "Apparently I'm hungry." 

Lexy pulled away and laughed, "I can take care of that for you baby, go ahead and sit down at the table and I'll get you a plate made."

As Spencer heeded her words, Lexy grabbed a ceramic dinner plate and filled it with bacon, eggs, and slightly burnt toast, which she purposely placed charred-side down, hoping Spencer wouldn't notice. She then filled a cup with orange juice, and dramatically placed the spread in front of Spencer. 

"Voila," she swept her arm over the plate, "my masterpiece to you," she finished with a French accent. Spencer laughed, "Oui Oui, merci Madam," her thick faux accent bringing an ear to ear smile to Lexy's face. Her green eyes danced as she made herself a plate and sat beside Spencer. They spoke little during the meal, both women in need of the energy boost. 

After they finished eating and cleaning the dishes, Spencer and Lexy noticed the pattering of rain on the windowpanes. Neither had noticed the ominous dark clouds that had swiftly blocked the morning sun. 

"Well that's just great," Lexy frowned, her shoulders sagging lightly. "I was gonna make you go to the Zoo with me, but now I cant." 

Spencer took Lexy's hand and led her to the sofa. "Lex, there is plenty of time for the Zoo. Don't be upset, I for one love the rain. Let's go out to Bison Lake." At that, Lexy perked up, "ooh I love that place, its so secluded and serene. Let's go!" She jumped up from the couch and ran to her closet. "You can borrow my clothes," came the muffled shout. 

Spencer smiled and shook her head, she couldn't believe how hard she was falling for this woman. She promised herself she would leave her worries behind and just enjoy her time with Lexy. She followed the muffled sounds of Lexy's excited chatter, and found her with a pile of clothes on the bed. 

"Ok, feel free to wear whatever you like, it should fit." Lexy breathed. She was already out of her robe and hopping into a pair of hip-huggers. Spencer quickly grabbed a pair of jeans and a polo from the heap, and got dressed. 

The rain was pounding down on the windshield as Spencer drove slowly up the mountain, squinting to see the road. The windshield wipers were thrashing back and forth, in a fruitless attempt to clear the glass. 

"You sure you still want to hang out here?" Spencer eyed Lexy with her peripheral vision. "It's raining pretty hard."

"I see that, silly, and of course I still want to go. We'll have the whole place to ourselves, and I want to see if the cave is still there." Lexy replied. She suddenly grinned and pointed, "there's our turn-off, we're here!" 

Spencer maneuvered her dark blue SUV down the narrow gravel road, the timber growing thicker and darker, until they finally rolled in to the small gravel lot overlooking Bison Lake. The lake was somewhat small, and surrounded by natural rock walls, almost if it had been chiseled out of the mountain purposely. At the far end, there was a slight divot at the top of the wall, from which flowed a gorgeous waterfall. The lake was completely surrounded by timber, which allowed a serene, peaceful recluse from everyday life. 

"Oh wow," Lexy awed, "it's absolutely beautiful, I can't believe I don't come here more often."

Spencer nodded her agreement, "we all get too wrapped up in our lives to remember to take a breather." She turned the key, and the SUV shuddered to a standstill, the only noise to be heard was the constant drum of raindrops on the roof and hood. 

Spencer reached over and slipped her hand into Lexy's, squeezing it tightly. "There is nowhere I'd rather be and nobody I would rather be with than right here with you." She glanced over at Lexy, watching her tender words sink in. 

Lexy's glistening green eyes shone and danced as she beamed. "You really are a dream come true, Spence. I don't want this moment to ever end." 

"Well, it has to eventually end, but that is a good thing because then we have forever to make a new one, and so on. That way we'll always have moments to look forward to..and memories to reminisce upon." Spencer replied, leaning in to softly cover Lexy's lips with her own. She wrapped her free arm to embrace the back of Lexy's skull, and felt Lexy's smooth palm running up her neck, stopping to cup her cheek. 

This was the most passionate kiss either woman had experienced, and time seemed to stand still around the lovers, save for the raindrops which mimicked the galloping heartbeats emulating from each woman's chest. 

A few minutes later, they sat, foreheads joined, attempting to slow their deep breaths. Every window of the SUV was fogged over, and each girl was flushed from the heat they had created. 

Spencer finally leaned back and settled into her seat, tugging at the polo's collar. "Whoa babe, we're steamy," she breathed. Lexy nodded and reached for the door handle. "Lets go cool off." 

As the doors slammed behind them, Spencer and Lexy lifted their faces and allowed the refreshing rain cool their skin. Lexy ran over and jumped into Spencer's arms, wrapping her arms behind the brunette's neck and engaging her in a lustfully aggressive kiss. Spencer, though caught off guard, reacted quickly and took a firm grip on Lexy's thighs. Even with the cool rain drenching them, she could feel the heat radiating from between Lexy's thighs. She moaned, and returned the kiss with fervor, walking over to the vehicle and setting Lexy down on the hood. 

She grabbed the bottom of Lexy's tank top and she responded immediately, raising her arms, allowing Spencer to slip it off completely. She wasn't wearing a bra underneath, and her torso was already shining from the rain, rivulets streaming from her shoulders, between her breasts, and down her stomach. 

Spencer tore her own shirt off, then lightly pushed Lexy's shoulders, prompting her to lay back on the hood, nipples erect, while Spencer started to unbutton Lexy's wet jeans. "God Lex, I can't get enough of you," Spencer breathed as she started peeling the wet denim from Lexy's thighs. 

TO BE CONTINUED...