 I'd had a crush on her since the beginning of the semester. Well, hell, who wouldn't have, with those cute little tits and that awesome ass? ALL the guys did, every guy I could think of wanted to fuck her... probably every girl too, but they were too stuck-up to admit it. I'll bet, even now, that given the chance, anyone would have wanted to fuck her.

I know I did... I'd fantasize through biology class about what her nipples looked like under the hippy silk blouses she used to wear. I'd wonder if she shaved her pussy like I do, or if she just trimmed it or even left it a massive blonde bush. We became really good friends, really fast... and started sleeping over at each others' houses.

Two sleepovers later I knew she wanted to fuck me, too, because she did.

We used to do all that girly shit I'm sure you don't really want to hear about... that innocent stuff like doing makeup, reading Cosmo (we wanted to learn to fuck well, of course!), washing/dying each others' hair... but this night we both kind of started to drowse off early and ended up in bed, talking. Well, SHE was talking... all I could do was wish I had my face buried in between her legs.

I guess I must have drifted off because I awoke to find her kissing me, her sweet tongue gently playing inside my mouth. I moaned softly, not sure I was actually awake, and began kissing her back... I was dreaming about licking her and woke up hot already, the shock of her inside me turning me on even more.

As I closed my eyes again her hand found my breast, its dark nipple completely aroused and hard as a pebble. I moaned again into her mouth, and grabbed her by the back of her head to kiss her harder, pushing my tongue into her mouth in hunger. Her taste was incredible, sweet and warm... she pinched my nipple through my t-shirt and pulled on it, making me squirm and thrust my tit into her hand. She squeezed it, gently at first and then almost hard enough to hurt - then she grabbed my tongue with her teeth and held it.

I opened my brown eyes and looked into her blue eyes... she was smiling, still clamped onto my tongue. I grabbed her hair with the hand that was grasping the back of her head, and gently pulled... nothing.

I pulled again, harder this time, and she still stared at me, doing nothing. Still pulling on her hair with one hand, I grabbed her breast with the other hand and squeezed, getting even wetter as I felt my fingers sinking into the flesh of her tit. I pinched her nipple with my fingernails and she gasped, letting my tongue go. Then she attacked, and we started making out like sex-starved nymphomaniac sluts.

In a frenzy of hair pulling, biting, and sucking we grappled on the bed... rolling around and panting with desire... I couldn't believe how fucking wet I was (I'm wet now just remembering it and writing this) when I felt her hand slip between my thighs. I started kissing and sucking and nibbling at her throat, hoping to feel her fingers invading me.

I arched my hips up against her hand and felt her fingers probing my pussy through my wet panties. I was wild, squirming and whimpering into her throat as my hips rhythmically ground themselves against her pressing fingers. She kissed me deeply again, slowly this time, and I felt her fingers pushing aside my soggy panties to find the wet clit and hole within.

My moans were again muffled by her mouth, and she slid a finger into my aching, dripping pussy... pushing it slowly deeper, then wiggling it around inside. I reached up and grabbed her tits as they hung over me, squeezing them as she kissed me and fingerfucked me. I pushed her shirt up and those beautiful fucking tits were mine!

Holding her shirt up with one hand, I started sucking those tiny nipples, flicking them with my tongue as hard as I could, then devouring them and sucking as much tit into my hungry mouth as I could, hearing her moan as her finger worked inside me.

Then, as I had a faceful of boob and mouthful of nipple, she slid one... no, TWO... more fingers into my swollen dripping cunt... my legs spread wide and my hips bucked up against her as she fucked me silly with her fingers and I sucked her tits for all I was worth.

I dropped her shirt and reached that hand around her to grab her ass and to haul her up on top of me... she immediately slid down between my legs and slid my wet panties off my legs. I moaned and sighed, and lay back on the pillow with my legs spread and looked at the golden blonde goddess beginning to flick her tongue over my clit... then I closed my eyes, again, overcome by the sensations of her tongue and fingers as they flicked and licked and sucked and fucked my pussy and clit.. and even my asshole, as she slid a pussywet finger deep inside my ass as she finally invaded my pussy with her sweet tongue. 

I couldn't take anymore, and the orgasm that I knew was coming flooded me, and gushed over her tongue. I clamped my thighs together to keep her there and smothered her in my pussyjuice as I twitched and moaned and whimpered. I came so hard I know if her mouth hadn't been clamped over my hole I would have squirted girl-cum everywhere...

Finally spent, I relaxed and lay back, only to find her sliding herself up my body and bringing her face to mine to kiss me with my own pussy smeared all over her face and tongue... that's all it took and I was ready for more.