 For years I've been so caught up in my job that I never have time for myself. I must admit I was ecstatic that life was going well for me. I got a promotion, along with a generous pay raise, bought a new house and a new car. Y'all I'm bored as shit. I don't know the last time I did anything spontaneous. I needed something fun to happen and soon.

A couple friends of mine decided to go to the club and invited me to go along. I'm not really a club person, but it beats sitting in the house watching lifetime all night. I put on my sleek black Ralph Lauren dress that did my body the most good. It accented my cocoa brown skin, 5'4" frame, thick hips, fat ass and c-cup titties. Trust me my body is fire. Along with my dress, I complimented it with a pair of black Michael Kors heels. I put on a little bit of makeup, straightened my hair, curled the ends and was out the door.

The club was live, the DJ was on point and it was packed with good looking people. Except for this one person. I spotted her from the other end of the bar. Shawty was beyond looking, she was bad as fuck. She was dancing like she was in a music video. From what I could see, she was 5'6", Latina, with long curly hair and a clingy blue dress with a plunging neckline showing peeks of her breast. It must've been all the drinks I had but, this girl was getting my pussy wet. I've never looked at a woman like this, but damn I couldn't help myself for some reason. For a second I thought she was looking at me too. I took two more shots of patron and headed to the ladies room to touch up my makeup. 

Five minutes of being in the restroom, the girl had found me in there. Getting a closer look, I saw that she had a fat ass, 34DD titties, thick lips, small waist and some beautiful light brown eyes. There was another girl in there with us. When she left, Ms. Gorgeous followed behind her. Finally a chance for me to breathe...at least that's what I thought. She had locked the door and came and stood behind me. 

"What's your name?"

I hesitated. "Alyssa."

"Nice to meet you. I'm Honey."

"Honey?"

"Yes Honey. Don't I look sweet?"

For a while she was glaring at me through the mirror. As much as I wanted to act tough, this girl had me mesmerized. 

"So Alyssa I saw you watching me from across the bar. You want me don't you?"

"Excuse me, Honey, but what makes you think I'm interested in females?" 

"I never said anything about females. I said that you were interested in me, there's a difference." 

"Look, I'm sure you get your way with people all the time, but I'm not one of those people. Enjoy your night."

I tried to get away from her, but she grabbed me and pinned me against the counter. I could feel her breast pressed against my back. Her hands started sliding up my dress and she started kissing on my neck. I tried to suppress a moan, but Honey knew just what buttons to press. 

"Now what were you saying Alyssa?"

"I was saying...I can't do this." 

"What's stopping you?" She took her finger and slid my thong out of the way. Before I could stop her, she plunged two fingers in my pussy. 

"Damn Alyssa, your pussy sure is wet. I know I can make it wetter too." 

"We can't do this. Other people have to use the restroom and my friends are looking for me." 

"Get rid of them." 

She took a napkin and used her lipstick to write down her number and an address. She kissed me and told me to meet her at the address and call her when I was on the way. Something about her made me want to see what she was about. I never had an attraction to a female, but Honey was an exception. I left my friends at the club, took a cab home, got in my car, and headed over to meet up with Honey. When I got to her house, I rang the doorbell and waited for her to answer. She came to the door in nothing but a black lace bra and panty set. 

"Alyssa, I'm glad you came. Come in."

"I started not to."

"But I knew you would. Would you like a glass of wine?"

"Please." In about fifteen minutes of me being there I had already drank three glasses of wine. Honey laughed at my obvious nervousness. She walked up behind me and whispered in my ear, "You don't have to be nervous baby, just relax." 

She kissed my neck and slowly began to undress me. With her lips heating my skin, I began to relax and let go. I mean I did want something spontaneous to happen and I suppose this was it. After getting my dress off, she guided me to her bedroom. I sat down on the bed and she began to kiss me. Her sweet tongue found its way inside my mouth and sent chills down my spine. She stopped for a second and I found myself wanting to taste more of her. She did a slight chuckle. 

"You like tasting my tongue don't you, mami?" I was too paralyzed from the drinks and her enticing kiss to speak so i nodded my head yes. "Good. Come here." 

She pulled me on top of her and continued to kiss me. I don't know if it was her or if I was trippin' from the wine, but her kisses actually tasted like honey. She undid my bra and I took it off and threw it to the side. Her kisses trailed down to my neck, where they eventually ended on my nipples. She slowly licked them and slightly bit on them. Don't get me wrong, I've had this done to me before, but the way she was doing it was more sensual and much more enticing. Her hands slid down to my waist as she hooked her thumbs on the side of my thong to take them off. I stood up and let them drop to the floor. 

"Damn, Alyssa, your body is amazing." She planted kisses all over my stomach and on my upper thigh, her hands kneading my ass like it was dough. With every kiss and every touch, I felt myself start to relax more. I began to feel like her touch is what I've been missing in my life. She propped my left leg up on the bed and squatted down underneath me. Before I could say anything, her tongue had already made contact with my sensitive pussy lips. She stroked my pussy from front to back. I hadn't realized how long her tongue was until she started french kissin' my pussy. Honey's tongue was killing me and she knew it. My breath had gotten caught in my throat multiple times. She had gotten up from between my legs and kissed me again. I have to admit, I've tasted myself plenty of times, but I never tasted as sweet as I did coming from Honey's lips. 

"You okay baby?"

"Yes."

"Take my bra and panties off." I did what she said. Its like she had me in a trance because I could barely speak, but I did everything she said. She picked me up and laid me across the bed. She positioned herself to lay somewhat on top of me, yet beside me. She brought her fingers up to my mouth and without hesitation I started sucking on them. Somehow its like I already knew what she wanted me to do. Her fingers moved from my mouth down to my pussy. I hadn't noticed how wet I was until I could hear my juices smacking against me from her fingers. All before I hadn't said much until now. Honey had found my g spot.

"Oooohhh FUCK!!"

"Feels good don't it mami?"

"Yessss."

"You gone come for me baby?"

"Yesssss."

"Say you'll come for Honey."

"Shiiiitttt, Honey I'm bout to come. I'm bout to come."

"Look at me while you come." Again I did as she asked. For some reason staring into her light brown eyes took my orgasm to a level I never thought I could reach. My body was convulsing and Honey was kissing me again. "Damn mami, I didn't peg you for the squirting type."

"Neither did I," I replied slightly out of breath.

"You mean to say that's the first time its ever happened?"

I shook my head no. She gave me this smile as if to say we were just getting started. She lowered herself between my thighs and started sucking on my clit. The moment her tongue made contact with it I felt like I was going to come again. It took everything in me to fight it because I was determined to enjoy it. The moment I get myself in control she switches up on me, placing her long tongue in my pussy and her fingertips rubbing my clit. I had never felt like this with anyone. The longer this sexcapade went on the more vulnerable I felt. My hands were pulling on her hair as she led me through another orgasm. Again, it was as if I could read her thoughts telling me to look down at her as I came. The way her eyes seemed to flutter when she looked up at me was intense, so intense that I squirted again for the second time. Honey made sure she got every drop of it. Just when I thought it was over, she told me to ride her tongue. 

"Honey, I can't take no more."

"Come on, Alyssa. One more time. You and I both know that the third time's the charm."

Although she spoke with a calm voice, it still held this stern underlying tone to it. She demanded me without raising her voice or doing anything remotely forceful. Why was her subtle get-what-I-want demeanor turning me on so much? She positioned her head on two pillows as I straddled her tongue. Her warm breath against my skin sent multiple shivers up my spine. The speed of her tongue constantly got faster as time went on. Her nails were clawing at my bare ass as I held on to the headboard for my dear life. Then I made the mistake of looking down into her eyes. This time I was looking down at her and it made me feel like I was the one in control. It made me feel like I was the one she needed instead of vice versa. I released my grip of the headboard and grabbed her head pulling it up closer, making her tongue go deeper inside of me. I was riding her tongue like I was on a horse. Something inside me heated up the moment I felt like I was in control, and I took advantage of it. Before I could warn her, I had come again. Trails of my juices were streaming down her chin to her breast. For a moment I stayed sitting on her face until I regained control of my breathing. 

"You okay mami?" Honey kissed my inner thighs as i finally slid down and laid on the bed. 

"I can't believe I was so vulnerable."

"Is that bad?"

"Normally yes, but in this case hell no. You seriously turned me out."

"I had no choice. There was only one shot to keep you to myself."

"Oh so you were plotting to keep me to yourself."

"Maybe. Did it work?"

"Mmm, I'll let you know when I wake up." I cuddled up next to her and fell asleep. Let's just say Honey is still playing for keeps and she's tasting my honey every chance she gets.