 This story is a work of fiction (mostly) and involves sexual acts between Three women (f/f/f). If this offends you or is illegal, please stop reading now.

Written by a dirty woman named Valerie, you can reach me through the link below with positive comments.

Part 2

She stopped walking and just looked at me with a sort of wicked grin tinged with some awkwardness. The expression on her face reminded me, to a lesser degree, of the look she had when she had confessed to staring at me from across the bar.

"WHAT?" I practically screamed.

"Well, I umm, I am not sure if you are ready for this just yet, I don't want to freak you out.." she stammered.

"Give me a break" I replied, "We just met four hours ago and we have already discussed how we are going to fuck, each other's brains out. What about me is it that makes you think I am going to freak out?"

"OK, OK, but please don't be weirded out by what I am about to tell you. Promise me that if your uncomfortable with what I tell you, that we can just forget it and go back to your place." She said pleadingly.

Now I was really intrigued, what on earth was she about to tell me that had her this cautious.

"I PROMISE" I said quickly, my curiosity about to overwhelm me. "NOW tell me what is going on."

She stared at me for a few more moments but could see I was not going to let her go on much longer without telling me so she plunged ahead and rapidly explained to me that her and her roommate weren't dating, but sometimes had sex, and occasionally shared partners.

I stared at her blankly as I digested what she told me. I was not freaked out by it at all, maybe even a bit turned on by it, but at that moment, I wanted Kim so badly that I really didn't want someone else there to share her with.

Again, she had misread my silence and was instantly ashamed.

"O Gosh, I am so sorry" she said, "can we please just go to your place?"

"Oh no, don't worry, I don't have any problem with what you just said, but I am so attracted to you right now, I just don't know about sharing you with your roommate." To emphasize my point I grabbed her by the back of her head and pulled her into me, kissing her desperately. 

Our tongues mashed together powerfully as we were both overcome by attraction and could not get enough of each other. Maniacally we pawed at each others bodies and grinded intensely. I was aroused to an exaggerated point that I usually don't reach until after plenty of foreplay. 

The hair at the back her head down low by her neck was cut very short and I had been running my fingers through it roughly. Then I closed my grasp on her hair and pulled her head back and down, so our bodies were still tightly entwined but her head was pulled back hard so she was looking up at the sky.

I put my mouth up to her ear and whispered hoarsely.

"If we don't get to your apartment soon I am going fuck you right here on the sidewalk."

"Hmmmm" was her only response.

"I can tell you wouldn't mind that" I said, "But we would probably get arrested, so lets get going"

With that I released her head and gave her a gentle shrug in the direction we had been walking.

She slid her hand into mine and we walked closely.

"That was really nice" She said, "We are going to have a gooooood time tonight"

I was silent for a moment, then I looked into her eyes and said, 

"You like being taken, being subservient, don't you?"

An adorable smile lit up her face and she kind of tilted her head like a young girl getting caught with her hand in the cookie jar.

"A little.." she said coyly.

My mind filled with pleasant thoughts and I could not remember a time in my life where I had been that excited without even getting my clothes off yet. I wanted to ravish this cutie right there on the street.

We walked in silence a few more buildings, just rubbing our fingers along each others hands. When we came to their apartment building as we walked up the steps a thought occurred to me,

"What about your roommate's date? Will they still be up?"

"No, she doesn't like that girl too much; I would imagine she left hours ago."

We stopped at the top step and turned to face each other as Kim dug through her bag for her keys.

I ran my fingers through her hair some more and gently tugged on the back again.

Very quietly I whispered, "I hope you like this, because.. you know, I am going to be using your hair as a handle for your head a lot tonight." And with that I gently nibbled on her ear.

"PLEASE STOP" She whined. "If you get me any wetter on this walk home I am going to eat you out on the walk up the stairs."

"That is not a good way to get me to stop" I joked as she found her keys and hurriedly pulled away from me to unlock the door and we practically ran up the three flights to her apartment.

The whole trip up the stairs I silently marveled to myself how crazy this was. Hands down the craziest thing I had ever done. I have always loved talking dirty and getting a little wild during sex. But I had never done it with someone I just met four hours ago. Usually talking dirty, and for that matter, sleeping with someone took a little while. Perhaps this had something to do with why I was so excited.

Kim unlocked the door to her apartment and held it open for me to walk in first, which I did.

It was, as I was learning, a typical nyc apartment. A small living room with an adjoined kitchen and two doors leading off the back of the living room and one door to the right through the kitchen. I assumed that two doors were for bedrooms and one was for the bathroom. 

A lamp and the television were on, and when I looked to the left on the couch I caught a glimpse of her roommate snuggled up in a big comforter watching the television. I couldn't see her body but her face was absolutely stunning. A real beauty, and I don't go overboard on my descriptions, this had to be one of the most beautiful women I had ever laid eyes on.

We made eye contact and she smiled a big smile and said, 

"Well Hello... Who do we have here?" Grinning a big friendly smile the whole time.

I instantly liked her, she was obviously nice and I could already tell she was kind of funny.

Kim pushed in from behind me as I had stopped like a deer in the headlights when I saw her roommate on the couch.

As she squeezed by me into the living room she introduced us, 

"Alexis, I would like you to meet my newest friend Tara." 

"And Tara, this is my roommate who I told you about, Alexis."

Alexis then pushed aside her comfy looking blanket and stood from the couch and walked the short distance to me with her hand outstretched. It was then that I got a look at her body. She was very tall, probably 5'11" and extremely fit. From the tone of her legs I guessed her to be a runner. She was wearing a pair of ordinary panties, which I got a look at as she swung her legs over to get off the couch, and a t shirt that came down just below the panties. The tshirt was extremely flimsy and I could see she was not wearing a bra. Her breasts were tiny, almost non existent so she probably didn't need to wear a bra except to cover up her nipples which were poking quite obviously through the shirt. Between her exceptional body, beautiful face and long blonde hair she very easily could have been a famous model.

"Very nice to meet you Tara" She said as she vigorously shook my hand.

"Nice to meet you as well" I replied.

"SOoooo," she started, with an inquisitive look towards Kim "How do you know Tara?"

It was obvious Alexis didn't want to say anything too forward in case the situation was not exactly as it appeared. Perhaps we had just hit it off at the bar and come back for a nightcap or to watch a movie. But the look she got back from Kim must have told her all she needed to know, because she then looked me over up and down and turned back to Kim and said, 

"Very nice Kimmy."

There was a short awkward silence as the three of us stood there in the living room, the two of them looking at me and me looking back and forth between them. All three of us seemed to be wondering what to do next.

Alexis broke the silence, "You two want a drink? Are you going to watch some tv? I am not watching anything in particular you can put on whatever you like."

Kim responded "No, I think we are going to get to bed, it is getting late. We will see you in the morning, perhaps do some breakfast."

"Breakfast.. Yeah that sounds good" Said Alexis. The way she said it I couldn't help but think that these two might have more meaning to that seemingly benign sentence, but after seeing Alexis I was convinced there was nothing these two could do to me that I would mind.

Kim pushed by me towards the door off the kitchen and said, 

"This is my room over here Tara."

I looked to Alexis before turning for the room and said, 

"Very nice meeting you Alexis, I look forward to seeing you for breakfast" and I gave her a smile which I hoped didn't look to goofy in my inebriated state.

She returned the smile and said goodnight.

Kim was opening her bedroom door and I was just a step behind her when I heard Alexis call my name.

I turned and looked at her and once again, totally awestruck by her beauty.

She held my gaze with her eyes and slowly and very sensuously asked, 

"Ummm, what exactly are you planning on doing to my roommate in there?"

I was paralyzed from the neck up, another wave of excitement rolled over me and again I gushed into my panties. Here I was staring at this beautiful woman and she was asking me about what I was going to do to her adorable roommate that I just couldn't wait to fuck. Damn it was hot, I stood there speechless like a dumbstruck teenager. Then I felt Kim's face next to mine as she had sidled up behind me, grabbed me by the hips, and now spoke to her roommate over my shoulder. I could feel her sizable breasts against my back as she said to Alexis, 

"Whatever she pleases Alexis" To emphasize her point she ran her hands under my shirt along my belly and her fingertips were just under the belt of my pants.

Alexis broke off her gaze from me and looked her roommate in the eye, 

"I didn't ask you Kim, I asked your new friend Tara... Now tell me Tara, what are you going to do in there to my roommate?"

My extreme level of excitement emboldened me and I lost all reservations and restraint, "Well, as I have already told her, I am going to fuck her senseless wherever I want, but what I haven't told her is that it will be rough and I intend to dominate her, make her a slave to my pussy for the next several hours."

Alexis immediately looked back to me and a huge smile lit up her face, clearly she hadn't expected that response. I was growing fonder of her by the minute.

Kim let out a little squeal of pleasure from behind me and pushed her right hand further down my pants and her left hand up cupping my breasts. She started sucking on my neck and I involuntarily moaned and pushed my head back so I was looking up at the ceiling. Her lips felt so good on my neck. I was somewhat aware that her right hand was now under my panties and cupping my entire crotch.

"HOLY SHIT!" She said in surprise, "Tara you weren't kidding, Ali, you wouldn't believe how wet she is right now"

That was it, I had had enough, I couldn't take anymore I was just too damn excited. 

"FUCK IT" I started "Kim, I am going to take you right out here in the living room so Alexis can watch and see how this is done." 

Without waiting for any response I spun on Kim, and pulled her shirt up over her head then practically ripped her bra off. Again we were attacking each others faces. My left hand took up its familiar spot holding her head, pulling her hair while simultaneously pulling her face into mine even harder. My right hand slid down over her shoulder and I gently started rubbing her bare nipple with the palm of my hand. It was a stark contrast to the ferocity with which we were attacking each others faces, our tongues mashing together as if in battle. I was just gently, barely touching her nipple with the palm of my hand. I could feel it hardening.

We kissed for several minutes, alternating sucking on tongues, lips, cheeks and ears, when from behind I felt my shirt getting lifted over my head. It was Alexis.

After she pulled my shirt and bra off I turned to the living room to see that Alexis had set up a couple blankets and comforters on the floor with pillows all over them.

She saw me looking at it and said, 

"I set up a little stage for you two to perform on while I watch from the couch. I can already tell it is going to be one HECK of a show."

"Why thank you" I responded then took Kim by the hand and lead her over there. We were naked from the waist up. I laid Kim down in the center of the blanket and from the corner of my eye I could see Alexis taking a seat on the couch to our left.

As I stood over Kim I slowly wiggled my hips from my jeans and as sensuously as possible slid them down to my ankles exposing my nudity to her from above.

I stepped out of the jeans and kneeled over her legs, lifted her hips from the floor and slid off her pants and panties in one shot. I admired her body as she lay beneath me on the floor, me straddling her, on my knees.

Her tits were glorious, large and round with large nipples. Her mid section, while a little bit large, was firm and the skin smooth. 

Her pussy had a wild crop of long light brown hair. I had never seen so much hair, she trimmed up from her thighs but from her pussy up it looked totally untrimmed, and I couldn't believe how long it was.

She saw me admiring her body and asked, 

"You like what you see?"

"Very much so" I responded, "Good enough to eat"

"Well why don't you get to work then" She said with a smile.

I gladly obliged.

I leaned forward over her and kissed her softly on the lips while gently pushing against as much of her body as possible with my own. Our pussies met and I could feel her mound pushing into me, fuck it was nice.

After a couple minutes of kissing I started on my journey to cover her entire body with my tongue. I slowly and tantalizingly kissed and licked her from her shoulders down to her ankles. Just slightly grazing her pussy as I passed by. She was soaked, she pushed her hips up to meet my face as I was moving by that area, clearly wanting me to eat her to orgasm, but not yet, I wanted to tease her. Make sure she was as ready as ever to cum when I finally let her.

After covering her ankles, calves and feet in wet kisses I slowly worked my way up the insides of her legs to that wonderfully wet and hairy pussy. As I got close I asked her, 

"You ready for me to eat you yet?" My hands were massaging her thighs, very close to her crotch.

"FUCK YES" she begged in response, "Please make me cum right now, I am so ready!"

I thought about it for a moment, 

"Hmmm, not just yet, you need to learn patience my little slave"

I rose up from laying over her and straddled her hips again, sitting on her pelvis. I could feel her pushing up against me trying to release some of her pent up excitement. I used my hands to push down on her hips so she couldn't get any real pressure against my own pussy, which was screaming loudly for me to let her grind me. But I used my will power. So long as I was torturing her, I could withstand the torture myself.

I looked over to the couch and saw that Alexis had removed her panties and was rubbing her clit with the fingers of both hands. She saw me look at her and she seductively licked her lips.

I couldn't believe this. How the hell had this happened, here I was, a depraved slut in the apartment of two apparent sex maniacs in New York City. If someone had told me about this three weeks prior I would have laughed in their faces. Instead, there I was, as excited as I had ever been in my life extremely thankful I had decided to go out to the bar that night.

I stood up over my writhing sex slave and informed her that if she wanted to cum she would need to do a few things first.

"Anything" she begged and moved her hands to her pussy.

"Uhhh Uhh, no you don't" I told her, and moved her hands to her sides with my feet as I stood over her.

I walked over to her head and turned so I was facing down her body, then I kneeled down, slowly lowering my pussy towards her mouth. As I got down to my knees, her face was still about six inches away; she tried to lift her head to get her mouth up around my pussy. I pushed her down by her chest.

"You need to ask permission to eat my pussy, I want to you to convince me you really want it."

"Please please please let me eat you out" She responded almost immediately.

I grabbed a pillow that was lying beside her and jammed it under her head.

"That's more like it. Yes, you may eat my pussy now" I told her. I wasn't even finished saying that yet when I felt her mouth attack me from below, she used her hands on my ass to pull her face into me and instantly, hungrily attacked my pussy. Lightning bolts shot through me and I could tell my plans to drag this on were going right out the window. I was going to come within seconds. She felt so good on my pussy, I immediately started to grind back down against her mouth, her tongue and chin pushing against my clit and her nose practically penetrating my asshole. Pleasure racked my whole body. I was going to cum now. NO, I needed to drag this out, this first orgasm, I wanted to savor it. 

I lifted myself a bit higher, releasing some of the pressure of her face against me. She was just reaching for me with her tongue now, trying to pull her face into me with her hands around my hips and clenching my ass. But I used my hands, which were twisting her nipples at this point to push her back down, so she could just reach me with the tip of her tongue.

"Your so wet, you taste so good" came her muffled voice from below me, "Let me eat you please"

"No" I said, "I want you to suck my asshole, fuck it with your tongue... Then maybe I will let you eat my pussy"

She immediately tilted her head back so her tongue was on my brown button and I lowered my hips again to allow her plenty of access. I was practically pushing her head back into the pillow. 

It was pure pleasure, she was ravaging my asshole with her tongue and I couldn't get enough. God she was hot. 

As she drove her tongue inside my anus I renewed my efforts on her nipples, twisting and teasing them until they felt like nubs of chalk in my hand, as hard as any nipples I ever felt.

She was driving me crazy, I couldn't take it anymore, I needed to fuck her face.

I dove forward on her body, angling my asshole into the air and bringing my pussy right over her mouth. I immediately started grinding it into her mouth and she hungrily fucked my pussy with her tongue, grinding her chin into my clit as hard as I was pushing down on her face. I was laying flat on top of her now. My face turned to the side resting on her hairy mound. It was tickling the side of my face.

I couldn't get a good angle on her pussy with my mouth, I would've had to stop fucking her face the way I was, so I reached up with my right hand and hooked two fingers inside of her soaking pussy. I pushed roughly down on her clit with the base of my fingers and part of my hand. With my two fingers that were curled inside of her, I shoved them in and out of her savagely, all the while grinding her clit with all of my strength. 

I felt her screaming into my cunt. I had her head squeezed tightly between my thighs, I was now grinding her face, my orgasm was building deep inside of me, I was beyond control now. I was going to cum, and I was going to cum HARD! I squeezed her head harder, I was rocking back and forth now on her face, grinding any part of it I could, mouth, chin, nose, it didn't matter, all that mattered was this monster orgasm that was about to explode from deep within me. She too was crazed; I could feel her tongue and face pushing back at me with as much energy as I was grinding into her face. 
