 I heard the clock chime from the hall, it was 11.15, as I stood by the kitchen table waiting for the kettle to boil. Click and I turn to see the steam wafting towards the ceiling. I lollop towards it, my head hurting with every step, my muscles aching. My own fault I know, but did it have to remind all the time!

I poured the black strong liquid, stirred it and turning I saw Emma standing by the door. I had not heard her come down. I smiled.

"Good morning." I said, inwardly wincing as my face muscle ached.

She replied walking towards me, dressed in a short red robe. She ruffled her wild hair trying to make it look presentable. I said the kettle had just boiled if she wanted anything. I suppose I should have been a good host and offered to make it, but I needed a sit down. And anyway she knew where everything was, she stayed here often enough.

I sat with my back to her nursing the hot cup, taking small sips, as I stared at the wall, trying to bring back my senses.

"I saw you last night." Emma said suddenly and quietly in my ear.

I nearly spilt my coffee I was not expecting her so close to me. Putting the cup down. I turned my head but she was back at the kettle.

Suddenly I remembered about last night. Emma and Marie, my daughter, in that room, in that position. I blushed very red as Emma put her cup on the table next to mine. She sat next to me, all the time looking at me with a knowing look on her face. There was a tense silence, me not wanting to look at her. I tried to obscure my face with the cup. Whilst she just stared at me for what seemed an awfully long time.

"I saw you last night in the room." 

I was shocked, in fact I was mortified that I'd been seen. I thought I was hidden from view, I kept so quiet, not wanting to be found out for watching two girls have oral sex. Let alone one of them being my daughter! I continued with the silence.

"I saw you last night in the room, sat in the armchair."

This was getting painful, almost torturous, but I never moved as I sipped the hot black coffee.

"I saw you last night in the room, sat in the armchair, watching, as I watched you." Emma said, licking her lips before taking her cup and slowly sipping from it.

I knew I should say something but I was tongue tied, now ashamed of what I'd seen and unable to offer any words of explanation. Hindsight is a wonderful thing went through my head. I could and should have stopped it. The drink, atmosphere and lateness of the hour were to blame I told myself. All lies I know but it was the only thing I could hide behind at this present moment.

Emma having put her cup down, again leaned closer to me.

"Cat got your tongue Mrs Anderson," she whispered, "Nothing to say in your defence."

I turned to face her, our heads only inches apart.

"Did you enjoy the little show?" She said, smiling.

Again I remained silent.

"Oh I think you did, I saw you looking at me, and you never took your eyes of me. I could see your hands in your lap. They told me everything." Emma said, seductively licking her lips.

The tension was broken by footsteps on the staircase. Marie plodded her way down them.

"I have not finished with this yet." She smirked and rose to greet Marie.

I breathed a sigh of relief as my daughter walked in and offered a warm good morning to us both. I half smiled back.

- * - 

By the middle of the afternoon I had to have a lie down in my room as the powers of recovery at my age were not as fast as they had been when I was younger. I now realised why I didn't drink very often. Two hours later and I felt a lot better as I made my way down stairs calling to see if anyone was in. No reply was forth coming so I went to the kitchen. I now had the munchies, looking in the fridge I saw some left over soup, which would do nicely until dinner later.

Just like this morning I was shocked to see Emma standing in the kitchen as I ate my snack. Again she had snuck up quietly. I stood for a moment not knowing what to say. Eventually I said.

"Where's Marie."

She smirked and made her way to the table. She wore a white shirt and a short black skirt. Her hair had gone from the wild look to a sleek pulled back style with a pony tail. 

"She's asleep in her room." She said sitting down opposite me.

"Do you want any soup, it's homemade and very nice." I said in between slurping.

She shook her head. The quiet tension returned for a moment before she spoke quietly.

"Did you know Marie was a lesbian?" She stated all so matter of fact.

I never replied but stopped eating my soup. I was embarrassed by the statement Emma had made, mainly because I did not know that Marie was gay. In fact I would have said she was very heterosexual from the conversations that we had over the last few years. 

"So you didn't then, guessing by your silence," Emma said nodding, "Naughty Marie, not telling mummy about her preference for girls." 

Emma put her elbows on the table her face closer to me.

"What about you?" She asked, "Now there's no Mr Anderson, do you prefer girls?"

I suddenly felt sick, I dropped my spoon in the bowl.

"How dare you! I'm a respectable woman." I said rather louder than I was expecting. 

With that I scraped the chair back and left very quickly. Away from this vile conversation and in my own kitchen as well. I walked into the lounge and sat down. But a minute later I got up and headed back to the kitchen. Emma was still sat there. I leaned on the table by her elbow.

"How dare you insinuate such things, get out of my house." I said quietly but with venom. 

She never moved, expect to turn her eyes away from me.

"Get out immediately." I repeated.

Nothing happened for a minute or so. I could feel my chest rising with the pent up anger, my breathing was ragged. I thought about my next move, should I yell at her or should I grab her and forcibly throw her out of the front door. Well, the next move came from Emma as it happens. She grabbed my hair pulled me towards her, and before I could react she kissed me hard on the lips. I tried to pull away, the pain shot through my head as she tightened her grip on my hair, her lips grinding into mine. My arms flailed wildly as I again pulled my lips away from her mouth, only to have them sucked harder for a moment, then she released my numb mouth.

"Now be quiet and kneel." She hissed into my face. My long black hair tangled around her fingers.

"I said kneel." She stated again.

I had no choice but to comply, the pain was to excruciating. I slowly lowered myself on the floor, my bare knees felt the coldness of the tiled floor. Her hand allowing me just enough leeway but all the time she kept a very tight grip. My eyes were watering, my face I could feel was contorted with the agony she was forcing upon me. She forced my head lower, down towards her lap. I resisted but she was way too strong for me. 

Emma pulled her black skirt up her thighs to her waist, revealing her sex, a very bare pussy. I tried to look away, but the pain stopped me, so I closed my eyes tight shut. Then I got the aroma of her heat, girl heat, I knew the smell but this was a whole new experience. The first time I had noticed another woman's.

"Look at it, fucking look at my cunt."

I half opened my eyes, then closed them quickly again. She laughed. I was appalled by her use of that word. She shuffled on the chair and my head was pushed closer to her pussy, now I could feel the heat, I could taste her aroma in my throat. Then my face touched the smooth skin.

"Why don't you kiss my lips, they're waiting you for, Mrs Anderson."

My eyes tight shut, my lips sucked in, not wanting to touch the wetness that I could feel on my cheek.

"Why not lick them, just like Marie did last night. I'm sure you saw how she pleasured my soaking wet cunt."

I wanted to say no or scream or doing something, anything. What stopped me was the thought that I would have to touch the slick wet lips, millimetres away from my mouth, to do so. We stayed like this for a minute.

"Not wanting to play at the moment, eh? Well we can save it until another time. Perhaps when Marie is awake. You know she is asleep now having had a wonderful self induced orgasm, as I watched, whilst you slept just across the corridor." She laughed again.

"Now I'm going to let you go in a moment. You will get up and stand by the table. You will stand there in silence until I say otherwise. Failure to comply and I will drag you back here."

She released the grip slowly, my hair untangling with little sharp pulls of pain. Getting up as I wiped my eyes, I nearly stumbled into the table in my effort to walk to the spot she had ordered. Looking over my shoulder I saw her thighs spread, her pussy lips now puffed with the excitement. I shuddered.

"Hands on head and do not move an inch." The words came as she rose from the table, the sound of her bare feet walking out of the room.

I was left there at least fifteen minutes, I know because the clock struck once in the hall. How had I got into this position? Why was I letting it happen? I had no answers for my inner voices. By right I should have walked upstairs, grabbed Emma and threw her out but, and this was the big but, she knew I'd watched my daughter Marie lick her pussy to orgasm. There was no escape, suppose she told people, what would they think of me! I started to cry again.

This time I did hear her coming into the room, mind the house was very quiet. I caught a glimpse of her out of the corner of my eye as she stood behind me.

"Turn around."

I swivelled around to face her. She pursed, and then licked her lips. She wiped away a tear from my cheek.

"Ok, you may go now," she said, "But remember this. I will be visiting you one day next week so we can discuss this matter further."

I blushed, my lip quivered and my eyes watered again as I stood awaiting her to move so I could make my escape. She stood to one side and I scurried upstairs to my room, into the bathroom, where I locked the door. I blubbed, like a little baby.

- * - 

I was on a knife edge, the fear of a knock at the door, a tap on my shoulder, the ring of the phone. I worked at a bank so at least I knew she could not catch me during the day. I tried to arrange things for the night, even going to the local pub on my own just to be away from the house.

Saturday came around eventually, I awoke early knowing Marie was in the house, alone without Emma. I had stayed up until she came home, just in case my tormentor decided to stay the night. The morning was bright and promised to be warm, I felt a relief as I sat with my daughter having a late breakfast, discussing the world around us. I tried to ask her if Emma was her girlfriend, but I couldn't find the right words despite having gone over the speech in my head plenty of times since last weekend. The moment had gone when she left the room, in a hurry, as she was going to be late meeting some friends. I sort of felt relieved as I knew that meant Emma would be there.

I sort of pottered about, doing those little jobs that I'd put off all week. Lastly I decided to tidy my wardrobe, not that it was a mess, it needed room making for the new summer dresses I knew I wanted. I finally decided, after an age of will I, wont I, on the three I was to take to the charity shop.

Suddenly I had the fright of my life. There stood Emma at the end of my bed. I put my hand to my mouth to stop another squeal. She smiled with those bright red lips, her hands fold behind her. The girl was wearing a short, tight black skirt and a figure hugging white sleeveless shirt. Her hair was in a platted ponytail which hung down across her shoulder. I backed away, in fear, hoping I could get to the sanctuary of the bathroom.

"Surprise." She said giggling.

I wasn't surprised, I was in shock.

"Now, now Mrs Anderson or may I call you Celia?"

I just nodded.

"Why that's kind of you." 

There was a pause, so I looked at the door to bathroom and cursed that it was shut.

"Celia I wouldn't go for the bathroom if I was you," she said shaking her head, "I want you to sit down on the bed and we can have a little chat."

I stood torn between decisions. I, against my better judgement, sat on my bed. Right on the edge, shaking, waiting for the next move from her. She sat right next to me, her stockinged leg touching mine, I moved away.

"I said I would visit this week and here I am. But you don't seem pleased to see me."

I wasn't and that was an understatement.

"I bet you thought you were safe and cosy here on your own. Marie out with friends, and I'm guessing, that you thought that would include me."

I flinched as he rubbed my arm with her fingers, I moved slowly away but she just continued with her light touches up and down.

"See I would have normally met her and our friends but I had other things to do today. I gave them my apologies."

"I had a very pressing engagement with a very beautiful, but very naughty lady. Yes this lady had the audacity to sit and watch her daughter tongue fuck this girl at a party."

I felt the water well up in my eyes. I was feeling humiliated by what she said.

"And this naughty lady, I believe, enjoyed it so much that she wants to try it for herself."

A tear rolled down my cheek. I went to stand up, but she was too quick for me, and grabbed my arm. Losing my balance I fell onto the floor.

"Leave me alone." I wailed at her. 

The tears flooded down my face. My head resting on her knees. I felt her stroke my hair, her fingers gently massaging it.

"Please, please." I said over and over.

"Shush now Celia. Tell me truthfully did you or did you not get turned on by seeing Marie lick my pussy?"

"Yes." I sniffled.

"See, that wasn't hard, was it." 

Emma eased her knees apart, I could again smell the aroma of her sex just like the other day and just like the other day she was without panties.

"I'm all wet, just for you, in fact I've had soaked panties all week. That's what you do to me Celia!"

Her hand was still teasing my hair as she helped me off the floor. I found myself sat on her knee. Her soothing fingers gently rubbing my neck, her other hand wiping away the tears. Then her bright red lips kissed my neck, softly twice. 

I was confused, my head spinning, not knowing what to do. I knew what she was doing was wrong, so wrong, but it felt so right. It was true I had thought about last weekend, not just about seeing my daughter and her, but about her forcing me to see her naked wet pussy. I laid awake in bed late at night thinking about it, stroking myself until I felt the flood of sticky wetness on my hand. I cursed myself each time I cleaned myself up, ashamed of my feelings.

Her lips were now pecking my cheeks, the little tingle of them made me feel even warmer, but they were relaxing me. She eased the lips away.

"I want you to kiss me, on the lips," she whispered, "a proper kiss mind, you know, the one you've thought about all this last week."

She smiled, her hand behind my head pulling me gently, to her waiting painted mouth. I touched her lips, softly, her hand holding me there, the silky feel sent shivers through me and then I kissed them. My first proper kiss with a woman. Our lips locked together, the feel of them was a whole new experience. In fact I was disappointed when she pulled away. 

"My aren't we a fast learner."

I ignored her and kissed her again, this time with more urgency. Her tongue slipped between my lips, I could taste her lipstick. 

I lay back on the bed to catch my breath but she just straddled me and continued to kiss, tease and stroke my neck and my lips.

Emma sat up, her skirt had ridden to reveal her wet sex, and I stared at it.

"Okay, my little voyeur it's time you learnt a new trick with your tongue," she giggled, "but first I'm going to undress you. Get up."

Emma rose off me and pulled me up. 

"Stand still and I'll soon have you naked, just for me to play with as I please."

She very slowly eased, first my top, then my shorts off me, as she gently stroked my skin with her hands, fingers and lips. I had goose bumps with the anticipation of each new touch. My bra followed, my nipples stood out, hard and eager for a touch. I was not disappointed, first her hands caressed them, and then her lips teased my nipples. My panties were now that soaked I was glad when she took them off. I wasn't expecting her to sniff them and even less to lick them. She whispered divine before tossing them across the room.

"Turn around." She commanded

I shuffled round, she slapped my cheeks softly.

"Now my dirty little whore, you're going to kneel in front of me and use that tongue to kiss and lick my cunt." 

She paused, pinched my bottom. I squirmed away from the pain.

"Stand still slut," Her hand slapped my bottom again, harder this time, "You had better be as good as you were earlier with that tongue or you will really feel the wrath of my hand on your backside."

Emma walked to the window, turned, and beckoned me to her. I knelt at her feet, her calf length black boots touched my knees. Looking up she smiled and I knew What I had to do, what I wanted to do. Pushing the black skirt up her thighs I never took my eyes off her bald pussy, it glistened with juices. She pulled my head with her hand towards it, I wanted her to force me, even though I would do it willingly. My nose touched the wetness first, then my tongue tasted the juices, my first taste, it was different to what I imagined, but not unpleasant. 

Instinct took over after the first gentle kisses and licks. I found my tongue had a mind of its own. I just looked at the even wetter pussy, occasionally looking up to seek approval. None came but I guess I was doing something right as I felt her eager hips pushing to meet my eager tongue. Her hands grabbed my hair, I yelped but continued with my task to make her orgasm. I could feel her near, very near in fact. Her juices now on my cheeks and chin as they flowed from her cunt. There I've said it now, that word that was abhorrent to me. She bent her knees and with one last push down on my face, she had her orgasm. She slid down the wall and kissed me. Her tongue licking the juices, her juices from my face.

Ten minutes later, after she undressed, we were lying in bed, holding each other. Not a word had been said between us, we just touched and kissed each other, gently. It was as if none of her nasty words or actions had happened. But I was happy, the smile on her face told me that.

Eventually we got up and showered, separately. I was downstairs first and in the kitchen having a drink of orange juice, as turned I saw her standing there. How did she manage to sneak up on me every time! I offered her orange but she shook her head. She took the glass as I finished, put it on the worktop, and took my hand. She led me around to the end of the table, turned me so I faced her.

"Pull your dress up and sit on here."

I looked at her, her expression was stony faced, as she tapped the table with her hand.

"Now bitch." 

I grabbed the hem of my white dress and slowly raised it to my hips, revealing my fresh white panties. I slid my bum on to the cold table, my thighs resting against the edge. I felt a big tingle of excitement between my legs, my panties would soon be no longer very fresh. In fact they never stayed there long enough to get wet as she told me to remove them. I eased my bum off the table and pulled them down to my knees, I couldn't reach any further so I waggled my legs so that they dropped to my ankles.

Emma told be to lie back. I shuffled myself into position, it was not comfortable but I was so excited I did not realise it really. She pulled a chair round in front of me, sat down inches from thighs, and removed the knickers still hanging from my ankle before stroking me. The tingle shot straight to my aching pussy as my body twitched.
