 Carly walked over to the window, and gazed out at the night and the glittering lights of the city, leading to the water. Far below her she could see traffic moving in the street in front of the hotel. She sipped her wine, watching and patiently waiting.

The music drifted through the room - she had been happy to find an adapter cable in the nightstand drawer so that she could connect her iPod to the clock radio, and listen to her own favorites. 

She glanced at the clock, wondering when he would return. James had gone out to a strip bar with his friends; she had agreed to his adventure for two reasons. One, the groom to be was his oldest friend, and had invited them to this city for the wedding, and two, James had promised to slip away from the group of raucous men once he'd had his fill of strippers who wouldn't actually suck, fuck, or satisfy him. 

He knew, of course, that she would be here in the hotel room waiting for him. Her simple promises of "I'll make sure you won't regret it" had been enough to convince him to make his own promise. 

She checked her arrangements, surveying the treats that she had received from room service, then repositioning the wine in the ice bucket, adjusting a tealight candle here and there. She made sure that one of the chairs from the dining table in their suite was angled correctly, checking the wall mirror several times. 

She touched up her lipstick, and admired the emerald green satin camisole and thong she was wearing. She knew that he would love the silky feel, the tiny straps on top... and especially the color.

It wasn't long before she heard his key in the door. 

She set her glass down on a side table and moved quickly over to the door. 

He smelled of colonge, a faint trace of cigars, and beer. She smiled, knowing that she had the power to draw him back to the room despite the remarks he'd certainly got from his friends.

She kissed him, without saying a word, simply flickering her tongue between his lips... and then she tugged him over to the chair she'd arranged. 

"Sit. Now." she ordered, pushing him down abruptly into the chair. The ipod, as if on cue, shifted to a song that was suddenly very appropriate for the mood - and a perfect tempo to dance to. 

He tried to stroke her breast, and she slapped his face, just hard enough to let him know that SHE would be dominant for a while, and he was to do as he was told. She quickly tied his wrists together behind the chair, with the sash from her robe. 

And then she danced, straddling him, kissing him but pulling away when he tried to deepen the kiss, running her hands over his chest and down toward his groin.

She opened his shirt, and caressed him while she continued kissing him, including his neck and earlobes in her teasing. 

She turned around and pressed her ass against the bulge in his pants, rubbing and grinding, and slipping her fingers down into the front of her panties, to tease her clit briefly. He could tell by the position of her arm what she was doing, but couldn't see her fingers, and she could tell she was driving him crazy.

She caught sight of his glance in the mirror. Just as she'd planned, he could see her face, but not her hand, down in her panties.

She spun around, and unbuckled his belt, kissing him again. He lifted his hips and she pulled his shorts down to his ankles, making sure her hair grazed against his shaft while she bent over in front of him.

He kicked everything he was wearing out of the way, all the while urging her to ride him cowgirl, but SHE was in charge now. 

Suddenly her mouth was on him, warm and wet, surrounding him, sucking him hard. Just as suddenly, she released him and stood up, as he gasped for air. 

She laughed, and she straddled him again, moving her hips tantalizingly close to his cock, and yet just out of reach. Placing her arms around his neck, she pulled herself close to his upper body, and tormented him with the wetness of her slit for a few brief moments, warm and wet and frustratingly barricaded by the thong. She looked into his eyes, smiling, before standing up and dancing with her back to him again. 

Now she was dancing again, looking over her shoulder at him, inching one strap of the camisole down over that shoulder. She perched once again over his legs, not touching his shaft this time. 

Reaching over to the table, she took a strawberry and swirled it through the cream, and then took a bite, licking the cream off her fingertips and laughing when she noticed how far down on her arm the camisole strap was. 

She stretched her arms over her head, running her fingers through her hair, and then suddenly dropping her hands to remove the camisole in one quick motion. Her large full breasts were so close to him, he could see that the nipples were already stiff. 

She trailed a finger through the whipped cream, and then sucked on her finger. Taking more whipped cream, she swirled it around her nipple, and then raised up her body, grabbing the back of his head to bring his face toward her breast. His tongue eagerly flicked over and around her nipple, as he savored the sweet taste of the whipped cream.

Abruptly she stood again, and turned around, rubbing her bare ass cheeks against his cock again. Then she stood in front of him, and slowly dragged the thong down by the side straps. As she bent over he caught a glimpse of her lips, pink and glistening wet. 

She walked over to the nightstand, and reached inside for something he couldn't see. She walked back to him with the small object concealed in her hand, and straddled him once again. 

Suddenly she moved forward, and he felt her wetness against his cock. Groaning, he shifted his body, and plunged into her. She pushed down on him, her warm pussy walls surrounding him,and then she moved her hips and began to grind against him. She only allowed him a few brief moments inside of her, and then she shifted herself back, away from him, scolding him. 

"Now you have to watch me" she purred. 

She clicked on asmall bullet vibrator, and held it against her clit using her right hand. Her left hand came higher, to cup her full breast and stroke the nipple, pinching and swirling it. 

Her eyes closed and she moaned softly, and tipped her head back, while she held the buzzing toy against herself. Her pussy wasn't actually touching him any longer, but he could feel traces of the moisture on his legs as she writhed in pleasure. 

It took less than a minute of this, and she was climaxing, gasping and shuddering and whispering to him "oh yes,yes..." as her left hand pushed strands of hair away from her face. 

He saw his moment, the brief interval when her guard would be down, and she would obey him. 

"Untie me".

She did, and his hand gently but firmly captured her arm, and pulled her over to the table.

Pushing her forward onto a bare spot, he leaned over her body, kissing the back of her neck and pressing his cock in between her trembling legs. 

One hand came up to loosely grab a handful of her hair, to let her know that he was in control now. The other hand was braced against the table, until he saw the bullet, next to the tray of food, where she had set it after her orgasm. 

He reached down and guided his dick back into her, and then reached for the bullet, still kissing her neck and back, and telling her what a dirty, naughty little slut she was, to tease him like that. 

"I'm going to punish you now" he whispered in her ear, and she shuddered hard. His hand slipped around the front of her body. She was still standing, and her hips were just off the edge of the table, so he could put his hand against her neatly trimmed mound, and he found her clit with the bullet, as he worked up to a steady rhythm of gliding in and out of her. 

"I love the way you fuck me" she groaned, lost in the sensations of him pulling her hair, kissing the nape of her neck, thrusting in and out, and pressing the bullet against her pearl. 

Soon she came again, harder this time. 

He managed to hold his own orgasm off until she had come, and then he joined her, his release so intense after the prolonged teasing, that they both were lightheaed, and could do nothing more than pull each other over to the bed and fall in, laughing, and reaching for the bottle of wine, so that he could let her catch her breath and have a few sips of wine, before they continued their fun.