 I looked at myself in the mirror before leaving the apartment. Not bad, I thought to myself, not bad for a girl who was just dumped, and at that thought, my smile disappeared. I had gone out with Danny for about a year and just this afternoon he decided that we didn't work. I had a feeling he had been seeing someone else behind my back, but when I saw him kissing some blonde not even 2 hours after he had left me, I knew. I went home and had been crying for a couple of hours when my roommate came home and found me. 

I must have looked pathetic, sitting there drowning my sorrows in double fudge ice cream with a tissue box sitting right next to me and tears pouring out my eyes. I told Melanie the whole story, and after consoling me and calling him a bastard several times, she suggested that we go out dancing. Whatever possessed me to say yes, I still don't know, but there I was staring at my reflection about to go clubbing. I looked at myself once more, my long dark hair in a nestle of waves, my almond eyes just barely shaped with some mascara, full pouty lips (which had been Danny's favorite facial feature of mine) dressed in a wine lip color to match my dark red, wine colored dress. It fit just right showing off my curves and it was a nice contrast against my olive skin. Welcome to singlehood again, I said to myself as I walked out with Melanie.

We got to the club around 11pm and it was in full swing. The music blaring crazy and loud techno beats, and the people dancing and drinking all around. Melanie soon found Tom, a guy she had her eye on for a few weeks now, and proceeded to head to the dance floor with him. I sat at the bar and looked at everyone, and noticed a couple on the other side of the room. It was Danny and his new blonde, making out right there for all to see. Great, I thought, just fucking great. I ordered myself a couple more drinks to try to drown out the hurt and anger growing inside me, but it wasn't drowning anything out just making me drunk. I couldn't take it anymore, I walked to the dance floor and told Melanie I was heading home, just that I wasn't feeling well. I tried to make my way through the dance floor, but someone stopped me. 

"Dance with me," he said, "don't just steal my heart away without giving me just one dance." I looked up and saw a gorgeous pair of sparkling blue eyes staring back at me. I looked at his face and saw perhaps one of the most handsome men in the world smiling at me. His blue eyes shone against his lightly tanned face, a smile so close to perfect, with lips that just cried out to be kissed. "Dance with me," he repeated as he took me in his arms and proceeded to seduce me with his body. "I was on my way out," I stammered as I tried not to look in his eyes, "I really don't feel too well and uh, I.."

"I'm not letting you go until I have one full dance with you," he said.

"Sorry to disappoint you," I said and I walked away from him, and walked out of the club. Sure he was hot, his eyes sent lightning bolts through my body, but I had to get out of there. 

"HEY!!!" I heard someone yell from behind me and I turned and there stood blue eyes. He ran up to me and said, "I meant it when I said I'm not letting you go without a full dance with you," and he grabbed me by the hand, "and I know the perfect spot."

I let him lead me for reasons I have yet to recall or know, and we walked to an abandoned to building of which we walked to the roof. I must admit, it was gorgeous up there. The city shone bright and the sky looked as if it had been painted by DaVinci himself. "Wow," I said, "it's beautiful up here." 

"Yes," he whispered, "it is." I turned and saw he was not staring at the sky now the view, just at me, and I felt myself grow hot under his gaze. "You are gorgeous and I really don't think you know it," he said to me, "I do know that I want my dance," and he pulled me into him and said, "Dance with me." We danced though there was no music to be heard out loud, and I let myself be seduced by his movement and his eyes. His body moved so smoothly against my own, like we both heard the same rhythm inside our bodies. His hands began to touch my body and I felt myself begin to grow excited and long for more.

I looked up and gazed into his eyes, and I didn't hold back, "Kiss me," I told him. He cupped my face in his hands and met his lips with mine and began to drink me in. His tongue met mine with such ease and our tongues began to dance like we had been doing. His kiss was intoxicating, making want even more of him. He kissed down my face, to my neck and lingered there for a while. Beneath him I began to moan softly. He licked and sucked my neck and I ached for him, growing wet beneath his touch. His hands traveled down and caressed my behind, and traced my lower body's outline. His hands snuck in below and soon his fingers were tracing the outline of my flesh through my thong. 

I should stop this, I thought, but it just feels so good… and I let him keep touching me. Not once did I push his hand away. I just let him slip his knowing fingers inside me. His touch was making me shake in ways I had forgotten I could. His other hand unzipped my dress, and pushed my thong on the way down. At last I stood before him, naked in the moonlight. He took a step back and looked up and down my body, as if to memorize my every curve and just when I began to feel bare, I heard him whisper, "You are so beautiful."

He kissed me again and traced his fingers down my face, my neck and settling on my breasts. He lowered his mouth and put one ready nipple to his lips and again shot shivers down my spine. He stopped for a brief moment and removed his shirt and lay it down, and led me down to the ground. His mouth suckling each breast, tongue and teeth working each nipple making me cry out in ecstasy. I massaged him through his pants, already feeling his hardness alert and ready. I began to unbuckle his pants, to which he looked up and said, "Not yet, I have more for you."

He gave each breast another suckle, and licked down my stomach. I was already so wet and aching, I didn't know how I would be able to take this. He parted my legs, and kissed down each thigh till he was at my sex. He gave me a quick smile, the same smile that had entranced me to begin with and then I felt his tongue on my most sensitive part. His tongue so soft and quick worked me well. Circling my clit with his tongue and slipping 2 fingers into me, I was screaming into the night sky. I began to slip into the most amazing climax of my life. Trembling and moaning, grabbing his hair and grinding myself into his mouth. I felt my orgasm from the very core of my body, and cried out in pleasure. He came up to kiss me and I lowered his pants that I had left unbuckled. Pulling down his boxers with them, and saw his standing manhood. 

I had to know what it would feel like in my mouth. I began to lick down his shaft, tasting all the sweet juice he had been letting out, and licked his balls. He moaned so sweetly, I wanted to hear more. I licked back up the shaft and circled my tongue around the head. I slowly took his cock in my mouth and he moaned once more. I began to suck his throbbing member, slow at first, but getting faster with each suck. My hands played with his balls as I worked my mouth on him. I wanted to make him feel the same pleasure he had given me and I knew it was coming soon, I felt him pulsate in my mouth. He pulled me back, and put me before him on all fours. "I know what you wanted to do," he said, "but I have a better idea."

I felt his hardness right on my entrance, and I wanted it to plunge deep inside me. But he lingered there for a few moments, teasing me with that glorious cock of his. He began to push inside me slowly, inching his way inside. My tightness wrapped itself around him, welcoming and longing for more. His hands grabbed hold of my hips and he began to move me into him. Going faster with each thrust, deeper in me he would go. My moans began to sound like one long one, crying out for him to fuck me hard. Then, came a slap on my ass, and it sent a shiver up my body. MMMmmmm, such a sweet feeling that was, and *SLAP* there it was again. My skin tingling, my sex being pumped by this sensuous stranger, and my cries growing louder with each thrust. I felt my orgasm building again, and I felt his cock throbbing inside, we were both close. 

He quickly flipped me over, my legs on his shoulders and pumped me hard that way. Seeing his pleasure in his face brought me to the point and I orgasmed instantly, crying out and feeling him do the same as well. He pulsated inside me, letting all his love juice go. He lay next to me and kissed me. We fell asleep under the moon, holding each other, breathing the same heavy breath. I awoke as the sun came up and looked at him. This stranger made my body quiver in ways I had never felt. But with the sun rising, I knew i had to leave before he awoke. I didn't want to ruin the memory with an awkward morning experience. I quickly got dressed and walked home.

I thought about that night often for the next few weeks, and it gave me a secret pleasure to know that my dancing stranger was out there, wondering who I was. I almost regretted not telling him my name. Then I was reading the local paper one day, and in a somewhat large ad, it read, "To the beautiful stranger I met a few weeks ago, I still need to finish that dance. Come to the same club, tomorrow night and dance with me. Still enchanted, Jordan (your dance partner)." I'm still debating going, but I know I won't forget that night anytime soon.