 Let me tell you about the sexiest girl I never saw.

I was working as a freelance videomaker, and one day I got a call from my friend Kate, asking a favor. She was the Stage Manager for a struggling Theater Company and they had a show coming up which needed some video scenes shot and edited in a hurry. The pay wasn't great but the last favor I'd done for Kate had been rewarded with dinner and a very memorable night at her place afterwards, so I went along.

Kate was as gorgeous as ever, but was clearly stressed, running about frantically trying to collect last minute props. She greeted me with a peck on the lips and a warm "Thanks for doing this", showed me into the studio and was gone. I set up my kit.

The images were pretty straightforward, and I soon recorded a clock ticking and a smoldering cigarette. I set up the lights for the last image - Kate had described it on the phone as "a dancer, silhouetted in a strip joint. We don't see anything but she's to look sexy and mysterious."

As I set up the lights on a backcloth Kate rattled through the studio. "Thanks Jack, it'll not be long - the bloody dancer's only dropped out - but I've rung a friend who'll do it - she'll be here in a moment."

"It's cool Kate. It's all good for my portfolio, and you're a friend. Happy to help."

She smiled and drew closer to me. "I'll buy you dinner again later huh? Just like last time." she said, running a finger down the front of my shirt.

"Last time was great - I'll look forward to it."

She smiled again and kissed me quickly, then was gone.

I focused the last light, killed the studio's working lights and checked the shot on the camera screen. Kate bustled back in, a shadowy figure in tow. "Jack this is Cassie, she's my friend who's agreed kindly to fill in for the dancer shot. I've got to go now - the lead actor's throwing a wobbly about something and needs a slapping. I'll leave you guys to it." And she was gone.

"Hi Cassie" I said, waving in the dim light cast from the camera screen.

"Hey Jack, Kate said you just need me to dance for a few minutes, right?" She had a warm voice and sounded relaxed and amused at the situation.

"That's right. Thanks for coming in so quickly."

"No problem. Kate said you were drafted at short notice yourself." She walked towards the light " Do I stand here?" she asked as she reached the backcloth.

I caught a glimpse of her. Slim, long blonde hair tied back, nice figure. She was holding her hand up in front of her eyes against the glare of the lights so I couldn't really see her face.

"Come downstage from the light - the shot's to be in silhouette."

"Oh, I see." she said and walked forwards out of the light. I checked the camera, which showed a perfect silhouette of her curvy body against the lit cloth at the back.

"Perfect" I muttered, then said aloud "I've got a click track on a loop, but we're not taking sound, it's just to give you a beat."

"Hit it." she replied, so I found the CD player and hit Play. I turned back to Cassie to give her more directions but she was already moving. As the intro to "Son of a Preacher Man" filled the studio she had started to rock her hips back and forth, and I just watched entranced as she began to move to the music. She was hot.

"You recording?" she asked, still moving, the amusement rich in her voice.

"Ah, sure, yes." I lied, fumbling to set the camera rolling. The tape wound up and on the display ‘Rec’ blinked beside Cassie's lithely moving body. "Now." I grinned. I swear I heard her chuckle as she raised her arms high above her, then let them slide back down over her body.

"How's it look?" she asked, spinning round and weaving her hips back and forth.

"Good," I said, "…only would you mind tucking in your shirt? It's kind of baggy..."

"...and it's meant to be a strip joint, right? No problem."

She didn't stop dancing but her hands went to the neck of her shirt and made their way down. I only realized what she was doing when she shrugged off the shirt and let it fall to one side of her.

"What the hell," she said, the smile still warm in her voice, "…it's dark, right?" She slipped off her shoes, then unbuttoned and shimmied out of her jeans, kicking them across the studio floor, dancing all the while. She reached up and pulled her hands through her long hair, and it fell loose about her shoulders. She whipped her head back and forth a couple of times and the long strands followed.

Even in silhouette you could see the tone of her long legs and her firm, flat stomach as she turned sideways. Her arms were long and slender and drew your eye all over her body as she danced, running her fingers down over her chest. Her breasts were full and firm and only when she turned sideways could you see the line of her bra.

"Good?" she asked.

"Great!" I said, awestruck and aroused.

I sat back in my chair as she danced. Some days I really love my job.

A few minutes later I reluctantly said: "That should do it Cassie."

She didn't stop, but said "Can I have a look?" and before I could reply she stepped forward out of the camera view and sat down behind the lens - right beside me. I leant forwards to rewind the tape, catching glimpses of her pale skin in the reflected light from the view screen. I found the timecode for the point where she'd stripped to her underwear and hit play.

Cassie watched with a professional eye, unselfconsciously letting her bare leg lean against mine. My eyes wandered from the screen, along her firm legs and flat stomach, up to the soft mounds visible over the top of her bra. I almost gasped when she put her hand on my knee.

"Look" she said, pointing to the screen. "You can see… there… that I'm not naked..." she leaned close and whispered into my ear. "Let's do one more."

She stood and walked back into the frame, as I hastily wound the tape forward and began recording again.

"Tape running..." I said, looking up and trailing off. She was shimmying down her panties and as she kicked them across the floor I saw the soft fuzz of her bush silhouetted between those long legs. She reached up and behind her and unhooked her bra, tossing it aside and running her hands over her exposed breasts. Even in silhouette she was clearly naked. The dark buds of her nipples stood out against the light as she angled herself sideways and began to dance again. I felt my erection press furiously against my pants as she weaved her body around, her hands leading my eyes up her legs and over her chest then up into the air above her. As she lifted her arms up and spun round her lovely breasts rose high. She lowered her arms, running her fingers through her hair, down over her breasts, her flat stomach, to the hair between her legs, all the while she kept her body swaying and turning to the beat.

"So how am I doing?" she asked in a breathy purr after a few minutes.

"You're amazing..." I stammered, as she snaked her body from side to side, hands tracing patterns down her thighs.

"Thank you" she said, her voice rich with her smile, "you're pretty amazing yourself - this setup looks great, and I feel really relaxed, free to do... anything." She walked forwards towards me, leaned her naked body against me, and her mouth found mine.

Her lips were warm and soft, and her breath came in gentle gasps as her tongue darted into my mouth. Her hands ran down my shirt and over the bulge in my pants. As the kiss deepened she unbuckled my belt and opened my zip, yanking my pants down over my hips and letting my cock spring free into the warm studio air. She broke the kiss and I saw her smile caught in the pale light from the camera screen as she knelt down in front of me.

Her hands found my cock and stroked the length, then I saw her head lower down, and felt her tongue dart briefly out and lick the top of my shaft. Slowly she slid her mouth down onto me and I gasped with pleasure as my stiff cock was enveloped by the warmth of her mouth. I reached my hands out to her bare shoulders, realizing she was still swaying her hips as she sucked me to the music. She worked her head up and down the length of my cock and I reached round underneath to stroke her breasts, hanging below her, firm and soft, the nipples hard buds in my palm. The joy of sroking her perfect tits coupled with the sweet pressure of her mouth on me felt so good. I felt myself grow harder and harder in her mouth, little shudders running through my cock.

As Cassie slid her lips deliciously up and down my cock she ran her hands up to the buttons of my shirt, deftly opening it and running her fingers through the light hair on my chest. She rose up, leaving my cock with a last lick of her tongue, and kissed her way up my body to my mouth. My hands slid from her breasts down and around to her slender waist and rested on her hips as she lifted her long legs to either side of my waist, straddling me.

"The trouble with dancing..." she gasped, between kissing me and rotating her hips, even still, to the music (I felt the tip of my cock nudge her bush, find moistness there) "...is that it makes me so... damn... horny..." and she slid herself down onto me, my rock hard cock sliding deep inside her.

Cassie gasped with delight and threw back her head. I leaned forward, thrusting my hips as my cock slid into her. My mouth found her breast. I kissed and licked at the firm flesh and lapped at her hard nipple, teasing it with my tongue.

"Harder" she groaned, sliding herself up and down my shaft. I bit gently, then harder on her nipple, then kissed my way across to her other breast, running one hand up and over the firm smooth surface, teasing the nipple with my fingers then nipping it between my teeth. Cassie shuddered, sending ripples of pleasure all down my cock. Her hands reached back and braced against my legs, allowing me full access to her glorious tits with my hands and mouth, as she lifted herself up and slid back down my cock. I ran a hand down her body and found the gap between us, sliding my finger into her bush, pressing it against her clit as she thrust herself onto my engorged cock. Cassie moaned with pleasure and thrust harder, bringing her hands round to grab my head and lifting my face up to meet her mouth and tongue.

I reached round her smooth skin and ran my hands over her tight ass, and up to hold her by the waist, pulling her down onto me. I felt shudders run through her whole body as she rode me, and I could feel my own climax building as she pressed her breasts against my naked chest and rocked harder and harder, still incredibly keeping the beat of the music.

Our mouths locked together as she thrust herself down onto my cock one last time and her climax burst through her. The sweet pressure tipped me over the edge and my cock pumped and pumped into her. Cassie collapsed on top of me, her mouth sliding off mine as she gasped for air. We lay there for a while, panting, then slowly Cassie rose off me, kissed me sweetly and stepped back to gather her clothes. I re-ajdusted mine and stopped the music. Cassie walked back over to me in the darkness, pulling on her shirt and leant up to my ear and said: "Nice dancing with you". Then she was gone.

I sat there exhausted for a few minutes, then sat forward to rewind the tape. This was one clip I'd enjoy editing. Light flooded into the place and Kate came in looking a lot happier. "Cassie says she had a great time." she said, sitting next to me and scanning her notepad. I just looked across at her, the material of her t-shirt stretched sweetly by her pert breasts and the tiny lumps of her nipples visible through the flimsy material. I was still incredibly turned on, and hoped she'd make good on her promise for the night ahead. She glanced at me, and smiled at my appreciative look. "So," she said, "Did you get everything you needed?"

The End.