 Part II, where I discover that there is indeed sex beyond divorce. The following is completely true, except for all of the parts that are total lies. If everything didn't happen exactly like this, then maybe it should have. Protection was used when needed, but not mentioned for the sake of story flow.

Votes, comments and criticism are welcomed. – Zot

*

Since my divorce, I'd gone through a number of stages. I moped around for a while, pining what I had lost. A number of friends kept trying to draw me out, but being single again at the age of 30 was a little bit of a shock. 

Hence the Renaissance Faire. I once had done Ren Faires for the social life. When I was in my early 20's, the flirting, flesh and just plain silly fun were irresistible attractions, and I still knew quite a few people in the community. It wasn't too difficult to get an actor's pass, although the group I ended up going with was a middle-eastern belly dance group, something I'd obviously never done before. Donna, a friend from one of my previous English groups, talked me into going with them, citing an abundance of hot young belly dancers. I didn't need much convincing after that. 

I borrowed the needed clothing, and was given instructions on how to wear and wrap my new clothes. That in itself was fun, flirting with the two women who had assigned themselves to making me presentable. They were both dancers with the troupe I was enjoying the hospitality of this day, and probably bracketed my age by 10 years in both directions. Kate, the younger one, was a stunning brunette, the tops of her breasts swelling over the top of her probably not-quite-authentic garb. She was standing close behind me, guiding my hands as I covered my head with way too much cloth. My friend Donna was the other. She had more curves on her 5'2" frame, short brunette hair, and a wicked sense of humor. 

"The most important thing you need to know, Eric, is what that means." Donna pointed to some Arabic symbols being painted on a curvaceous young dancer's forehead. 

I glanced around, noticing for the first time that some of the dancers had the markings, while most did not. "OK, I bite. What's it mean?"

"No, the biting is for later. Jay Bee."

My puzzled expression showed, and she laughed. "The letters – J. B. They stand for 'Jail Bait'. Steer clear of the pretty young things, Romeo."

"Romeo, right," I laughed. "That wasn't true back in my single days, I doubt things have gotten any better now. " 

"You never know," Donna murmured, "some things get better with time."

Behind me, Kate had one of my hands holding down a fold of cloth, while my other hand was attempting a finishing tuck on my head covering. Donna swayed closer, holding a long cord, which she then wrapped around my waist, threading it in between my back and Kate's jingly hip bells behind me. She dropped down to her knees before me, as she slowly tied the belt for me, her hands grazing across my belly and legs as she made the knot. The boxers I had on under the loose Bedouin leggings didn't do much to contain me as I reacted to her touch. She looked up at me, then across the 5 inch gap to my crotch where a tent was starting to form. 

"OK, that's it, how does it feel?" Kate's voice asked from behind me. 

I looked down at Donna kneeling before me. "A little tight, actually." Donna licked her lips and started standing up, sliding her body up against my cock, which was now straining against the leg of my pants.

"Oh, it feels pretty tight on your head at first, but you get used to it pretty quickly." Kate said cheerily from behind me, sitting down to put the final touches on her makeup. 

"That's not the head I was worried about." I muttered, softly enough so only Donna could hear. 

Donna laughed. "Here, let me see what I can do to ease the pressure for you." She stepped in next to me, her hands going ostensibly to my head wrap, one of her legs moving between mine, forcing me to adjust my stance. 

I looked down, her eyes smiling up at me, as she rubbed her leg against my hard cock.

"I don't think it's getting any looser, Donna." OK, this was a side of Donna I'd never seen before, and I was enjoying it thoroughly. I smiled, then choked back a gasp as one of her hands quickly slipped down between us, and grasping my hardness, slid it sideways along my body until it was pointing up, the tip peeking out the top of my waist band. My large loose shirt covered that up nicely though. Donnas' thumb ran once around my leaking cockhead, and she brought her thumb up to her lips for a quick lick as she stepped back to look me over.

"There, how's the head now?" Donna grinned, as she looked me up and down. 

"Um, thanks. I think I could get used to this."

"I think these are a lot more comfortable than English or Scottish garb." Kate volunteered, clueless from behind me. 

"Definitely," Donna agreed, winking. It was going to be an interesting day.

***

I learned some of the rhythms they used for dances, and joined in with the percussion group that played for the dancers. And so I spent my day, watching and playing for the belly dancers, drinking beer and other associated substances; in general having a grand time flirting with the cute customers, and other Faire folk from both our group and others. Donna and I continued to tease each other throughout the day. We had always flirted mildly with each other, hell, everybody flirted with everybody, it just didn't usually go anywhere. This was above and beyond the usual verbal sparring though, and even if Donna wasn't the type I was usually attracted to, she'd had me hard for a good part of the day with her verbal innuendos and casual brushing touches. 

After the last afternoon stage show, we were taking a 40 minute 'break', meaning we lounged around our camp area, eating and drinking; but still maintained our 'characters' for the benefit of the customers walking by. I lounged on a large pillow – these Bedouins have the right idea. I never had pillows to rest on in the Scottish or English groups I'd been with in the past! Teri, one of the dancers, came over and dropped onto the carpet in front of me, and leaned back into my knees. 

"Mind if I use you for a chair? I'm exhausted!" Teri held out her goblet as someone poured water for her. 

I rubbed her shoulders softly, finding knots on top of knots. "I hate to say it, but you're in pretty poor shape, Teri."

She nodded ruefully, "I know, it was a crappy week at work, and I've been going nonstop since Friday night."

I knew from experience that her knots needed oil, a table, and a lot of time, none of which I had available. "Here, this won't do anything for your knots, but it might relax you until someone can really work you over."

Taking her ears in my fingers, I started pulling on them, alternating pressure between the left and the right. As long as you don't bend the ear in a direction that it doesn't want to go, fairly heavy pressure on the ears feels amazing, and can be incredibly relaxing. Teri sighed, relaxing back into my legs, and letting her neck go limp. 

A few others in the group started forming a playful neck and shoulder rub chain. This was actually a pretty typical event – the physical activity of a Faire along with camping on the hard ground made massage chains a common after-hours sight. Within a few minutes, I felt soft breasts pressing into my back even as fingers started working on my on tight neck. I relaxed back myself, not really caring who it was. 

"So what do you think about our group, Eric? Is this better than those stuffy English and smelly Scots?" I could hear the grin in Donnas' voice. 

"It's certainly friendly." 

Teri rolled her shoulders and sighed again as I rubbed her temples. "You can hang around forever as far as I'm concerned," announced Teri. 

"Hey, what about me?" asked Rashid, otherwise known as Lloyd, Teri's boyfriend. 

"Take a number, he can work on your ears next," Teri replied as Lloyd stuck out his tongue at her.

Donna leaned in close to me as she rubbed my neck. "Play your cards right, and it could get a lot friendlier." My leggings got suddenly tighter again. 

***

Ah. The Renaissance Faire at night. The tourists have gone, and the only people left are the actors and vendors. The vendors mostly turned in early, knowing that another long day followed by tear-down and a drive home were waiting for them tomorrow. The actors, unpaid enthusiasts ranging from 18 to 80, were scattered across the park where the Faire was being held. Half of them were still in their garb from earlier in the day, the other half opting for more modern, comfortable clothes. 

I had been hopeful of some kind of a hookup, but wasn't terribly disappointed when it turned out that all of the pretty young things I'd been flirting with all day were all spoken for. Especially with the signals that Donna had been putting out all day. I knew how the evening was going to end, and I was planning on enjoying every moment of it.

I eventually ended up back at the belly dancers' camp, sharing a bottle being passed around the small fire. Donna and I ended up chatting companionably as the evening wore on. Donna had been divorced for a number of years herself. As the bottle went around, Donna got closer, draping her dancing skirts over my legs as she leaned against me. "So how are you adjusting to single life again, Eric?" she asked as I sipped on the brandy. 

"Not as well as I'd hoped" I replied, ruefully. "It's pretty awkward getting back into the right headspace after all this time as part of a couple." I handed the bottle back to Donna, as the other three people we'd been talking with had stepped away to talk with another group of passing friends.

She nodded, "I know what you mean – it's been years since my divorce was final, and I still don't date much." 

"Why is that?"

"Oh, the usual excuses. Work takes up all my time, I'm too old, you know."

I laughed. "Well, you're hardly too old! I was watching you today; you've got some sexy moves on you." I smiled to myself, I certainly wasn't lying. I'd been happy to have a drum in my hand earlier in the day. Donna had stood in front of me and while staring into my eyes executed a series of rapid hip rolls that caused a swelling in my loose pants. I had lost my concentration, and had to only pretend to play the drum until I recovered the beat again. 

She continued to snuggle closer, and gave me an evil smile. "So I did have an effect on you earlier?" 

I leaned into her neck, tickling her ear with my lips as I spoke softly, "As if you couldn't tell." 

Her hand traced the inside of my thigh lightly, moving in widening circles, as I turned her face towards mine, and slowly leaned in. Our lips touched softly, and our tongues moved to trace each others lips. Her hand moved upwards, tracing the outline of my hard cock through the loose fabric. I took the forgotten bottle out of her other hand, and placed it on the ground. I leaned in, my lips demanding, as she cupped my balls, and then brought her hand up, her thumb damp as it teased pre-cum out of my cock through the clothes. 

Our tongues touched lightly, the taste of the brandy strong in her mouth. My hand, which had been pressed on Donnas' thigh, slowly moved up to cup her breast, my thumb tracing lazy circles, avoiding her nipple. She arched her back, insistent, and I felt the hard nub on the palm of my hand. I pinched her nipple lightly through the cloth, and she gasped softly. 

The fabric from her dancing skirts was still draped over my lap. That, and the darkness only relieved by the flames of the small fire, kept the occasional passers by from seeing her trace the outline of my erection through my leggings. I shivered as her nails traced the underside of my cock, and scratched at the sensitive spot under the head.

"Come here." I stood up, pulling her with me. We moved back under the canvas sun awning, to the back of the shade structure, where pillows lay strewn about on top of a faded Persian carpet. I tossed some pillows together, and pulled Donna down next to me in the darker shadows. We were now mostly invisible from the area 20 feet away; where the people were still occasionally walking past, the night time parties starting to pick up steam.

"You've been teasing me all day," I said, as I leaned over her. "If I didn't know any better, I might actually go so far as to say you've been trying to seduce me."

"Well? Is it working?" She reached down and took my rock hard cock with a firm grip. 

I didn't bother replying, capturing her mouth with mine instead. Her lips were incredibly soft, as was her tongue. She squeezed my cock – hard - and I gasped into her mouth as her fingers tightened around me. Our hands were all over each other, grasping at the flesh covered by too many clothes. My hand caught the hair at the back of her head, and tightened my grip, causing her to pull back slightly and slow down. 

"We're going to be having a lot of fun, aren't we?" My other hand was playing at her plunging neckline, my fingers sliding back and forth, occasionally dipping inside, and grazing the edges of her areola. 

"I sure plan on it," she gasped, and I let my fingernails scrape across her hard and protruding nipple. "Oh," she moaned quietly, and I covered her mouth with mine again. 

I had to have her, but the Faire site probably wasn't the most ideal place to do it. I was too horny to stop now though – my hand had been my only companion in the months since Tonya had first asked for a divorce; and there was no way in hell that this opportunity was getting away from me!

Her hand hadn't stopped stroking my cock through my clothes, and I could feel a substantial wet spot seeping through from the tip of my erection. I eased over on my side, leaning against one of the pillows, and Donna followed me over, reaching for the knot of the belt she had wrapped around me at the start of the day. She licked her lips as she released the ends of the belt, and pulled the loose waistband out and down as my hard cock popped free. 

"Oh, my!" She grinned as she stroked me from bottom to top, and back again. "When word of this monster gets around, you may be beating them off with a stick!" My cock when fully erect is only 7", but is well proportioned and probably looks bigger then it really is on my 5'7" frame. I've certainly only heard good things about it over the years. Her hand was barely touching it as she stroked it slowly up and down. I groaned, and she moved her fingertips softly around my slit, smearing the slick pre-cum around the head. 

She looked up at me, delicately holding my cock inches from her mouth. "You really haven't been with anyone since Tonya? And you're clean?" 

"No, yes," I gasped. "I mean…"

She must have figured out what I meant, as she silenced me with a slow lick over the head of my dripping cock. "Ummm, tasty." She opened wider, and slid my cock across her tongue as she looked up at me, her eyes almost closed with pleasure. 

"Not here," I started; trying to remember where Donna had said she lived, wondering if my roommates were home or not.

She took a firmer grip on me, and drew back her head for a moment. "I want this now – we can take our time later on." Keeping her eyes locked on mine, she slowly took me into her mouth, her tongue dancing around my cock. I moaned, keeping myself still, letting her set her own pace. 

"God, yes," I moaned, as my cock touched the top of her throat, and she backed off, humming lightly. My hand twisted in her hair, drawing out of her mouth, and then fucking her mouth with just the first inch or so of my cock, building up the sensation before letting her take the lead once more. 

My first blowjob since my separation, and it was one of the best of my life. Donna slowly let me slide out of her mouth, tonguing the slit of my cock. She slid down, licking my balls and drawing them one at a time into her mouth as she continued to stroke my spit slick cock with her hand. Her fingers moved faster as she lowered her mouth to my cock once again, drawing me into her hot, wet mouth.

Donna sucked harder, her cheeks turning concave as her head bobbed up and down, her hand reaching under my balls to cup them and press her fingertip hard on my perineum. 

"Holy!" I gasped, my orgasm, which I thought was still minutes away, came boiling up. "I'm cumming!"

I tried to stay quiet as a huge blast of semen shot into her waiting mouth. I felt as if I would never stop cumming, one blast after another jetting out of me. Donna drew back, keeping the head of my cock in her mouth as she continued to pump and suck on my pulsing cock, swallowing to keep her mouth from overfilling with my seed. I pulled her hand away as I became too sensitive, and she let my cock start to soften in her mouth, her tongue gently caressing me as I shrank and became soft. 

"There, think that will tide you over for a bit?" She smiled, delicately wiping a line of cum dripping down from her mouth with her finger, and then sucking her finger clean.

"That was incredible!" I leaned down and kissed her, drawing her up against me. I could taste myself in her mouth, and she moaned into my kiss. "God I want you," I panted, as I caressed her body. "I want to lick you until you scream, and then I want to fuck you into tomorrow." 

"Sold," she panted; "where to?" We quickly determined that her house was marginally closer, and had the added benefit of no roommates. As we made ourselves presentable in the shadows, and picked up items we didn't want to leave on the site overnight, I thought about what we were doing. Fuck buddies, with no emotional strings? That's sure what it seemed like, and that's exactly what I needed.

We stopped in the parking lot for a final wet, grinding kiss. As we kissed up against her car, I leaned her back, stepping in between her legs as I ravaged her mouth. I reached down her leg until I met skin, and crooked my fingers as I drew my hand back up her leg; her skirt rising as I lightly scratched her bare skin with my fingernails. My fingers brushed her panties, feeling the wetness that had accumulated there. Her knees buckled slightly as I touched her clit for the first time, through the damp cloth. I eased my fingers under her waistband, running through the light hair I found there. 

She gasped as I dipped my fingers down along her wet slit, bringing the moistness up to her sensitive nub. I rubbed there, just above her clit, the folds of her hood moving and causing her hips to jerk in response. 

"Yes, yes…" she chanted, as I teased her higher. Her breath came shorter and shorter as she tilted her hips up, jerking spasmodically as she tried in vain to bring her clit into better contact with my circling finger. "Ohhhhh…. Noooo!" she cried, as I pulled my hand from beneath her skirts and pressed my fingers to her lips, stopping her climb to orgasm just as it was starting. 

I smiled down at her with an evil grin. "Not yet, I just want you missing me until we get there. Let's go." 

Donna groaned, and licked my fingers. "Just you wait, I'll remember this. At least I let you cum!"

I sang the old jingle, "An…ti…ci…pa…tion…" 

"Anticipate this. I've got about 30 minutes to plot my revenge before we get to the house. I'd be afraid if I were you…" 

I grinned at her. "I'm trembling in my boots." 

She glanced sultrily at me. "You should be." Yikes. Maybe I've gotten myself in too deep with my 'older woman', even if she was only about ten years older than I. Did ten years make that much of a difference in your sex life? I thought back to where I was ten years previously, and grinned. Oh yeah. Ten years made a big difference.
