 Working in the coffee shop was the pits. Minimum pay and hardly any tips with Gus, the owner, grabbing my ass all the time. I needed to find another job.

My new husband Rick was a worthless bastard. His idea of a job was delivering pizzas, which hardly covered the cost of keeping his old Chevy on the road. Fortunately we were living rent-free with Rick's dad who was happy just having a bit of fluff around the house.

Joe and I spent many evenings watching TV while Rick was out delivering. I would sit on the couch in a tee shirt and my panties and share a bottle of Joe's home made vin while watching "Survivor" or maybe a "R" movie.

I know I am not the most beautiful woman in the world but it sure pleased Joe to have such a skimpily dressed female to share his evenings with. Joe never got any sex from me but sometimes he would "tickle" me and get a good feel of my bare boobs.

I had seen the ads before for "Exotic Dancers" promising earnings of a thousand dollars a week or more. I figured it was just a scam, a thousand a week just for dancing and taking your clothes off? Likely they wanted you to sell your ass.

I did like dancing and I knew I had a body that turned guys on. What harm would it do to apply?

"Starlight Entertainment" was on the second floor of a walk up building in the old textile district. My appointment was for 2 pm and I was half an hour early.

I had spent the morning deciding what I should wear and finally settled on a youthful looking short sundress. I wore white ankle socks and black patent straps going for the "Dorothy" from the Wizard of Oz look. Underneath I wore a frilly pushup bra and a thin thong.

"Are you sure you're eighteen?" Butch asked.

Butch was interviewing me in the sparsely furnished Starlight Entertainment office. 

"I am nineteen." I assured him.

"O.K. Let's see what you can do." He said turning on the CD player.

Bump and grind music began blaring from the speakers. I started gyrating in front of his desk.

As I moved suggestively I hiked the hem of my skirt up so he got a good look at my almost bare hips.

In a few minutes the music ended. 

"O.K. Take your gear off and let's have a look at you." Butch said.

I knew if I hoped to get the job I would be expected to show off my wares. Indifferently I slipped off my dress.

Butch watched interested as I took off my bra revealing my 36C breasts with their large pink nipples. Finally I stepped out of my thong.

"You will have to trim that." Butch said nodding towards my natural bush. 

"Can you suck cock?" he asked.

"Is it part of the job?" I asked.

"It's part of getting the job." Butch smiled.

So if I wanted a chance to make money stripping I would have to blow him. No big deal.

"Get it out." I give in.

Butch produced about eight inches of thick cock for me to suck on. I dropped to my knees and took him into my mouth.

"C'mon, I'm not your boyfriend." He said grabbing the back of my head and ramming his cock down my throat.

"Open your mouth I am going to cum." He warned. 

He wanted to see his jism spurting onto my tongue. Submissively I opened wide in time for him to see me get a mouthful of his cum.

I went home with my first booking. Pandora's was strip joint down in the north end of town frequented by truck driver types smoking Export "A"s and wearing cowboy hats. 

I went though my lingerie drawer putting together an outfit for my début. Much to my father-in-law's delight I modeled several skimpy and sheer items for his opinion.

I had one more thing to look after, my bush.

"How would you like to trim my pussy for me?" I asked Joe.

You would think I asked him to fuck me.

As he watched drooling I peeled off the skimpy pair of bikinis I was wearing.

"Just a little off the top." I laughed.

Joe took the scissors in one hand and clasped a lock of my pubic hairs in his other. Carefully he snipped until my cunt hair was trimmed into a neat "vee".

"O.K., go ahead." I told him.

I was already wet when Joe's finger slid into me. All of his fussing around my pussy had started my juices flowing.

"Just this one time!" I said as I lay back on the couch.

I guess you could say it was a sympathy fuck. I did not come but by father-in-law doused my ovaries with the family seed.

I followed a blonde well past her "best before date" on the stage at Pandora's. The place was about half full of horny howling guys. Nudity was allowed, the only rule being one item of clothing had to be worn at all times. If you were showing your tits your pussy had to be covered and vice versa.

By the end of my first piece I had displayed my bare tits to the house. As the second piece played I revealed my freshly trimmed pussy for the audience's approval. During the final song I alternated between tits and pussy shaking it all in the guys' faces.

I received a hearty applause as I left the stage.

"It's from that guy over there." The bartender said as he set the drink on the bar.

My benefactor was a middle age sandy hair man wearing a business suit unlike most of the patrons. I indicated my thanks to him.

"My name is Norm and I really enjoyed your dancing." He said as he sat beside me.

"Thank you." I said politely.

"Are you available for private performances?" Norm inquired.

"What did you have in mind?" I asked interested.

"Say a hundred dollars?" he offered.

A hundred dollars for ten minutes.

You have a car outside?" I asked.

I had twenty minutes before my next set. I accompanied Norm out to the parking lot where we fucked in his Lincoln.

A quick douche and freshen up my makeup and I was back on stage again. 

There were a few new faces in the audience for my next set. I uncovered the goods and gyrated my freshly fucked pussy in the faces of the guys in pervert's row.

I did three sets my first night and three trips out to the parking lot. My third fuck drove me home.

Rick was not home from the pizzeria yet and Joe asked me how it went. I flashed him a handful of bills and told him I liked it. 

I gave Joe a quick ride before turning in for the night. I lay there recalling my night while his cock stirred the cum soup in my cunt.

"I'm a whore!" I told my husband. "What do you expect, you don't make any money?"

Joe had told his son I was selling my ass.

"But why did you have to fuck Dad?" Rick whined.

"Because he has done more for me than you have." I shot back.

So I was a slut, who cares? If Rick didn't like it that was his problem.

"I'm going to keep fucking until you start making some money." I taunted.

"As a matter of fact I am sleeping with Joe from now on." I added.

That is how I become my father-in-law's slut. Every night Joe and I spend the night fucking in his bed while Rick delivered pizzas.

Tuesday and Thursday nights were my nights at Pandora's. Like the ad promised I was pocketing over a grand tax-free most weeks.

The only problem is now I am pregnant it is going to cut into my income.