 Sol and I had been dancing in the same community for a few years. It was a very, very rare occasion when I did not dance with her at one of the parties we went to. Three songs roughly twelve minutes went by almost too fast. Unfortunately, it was poor etiquette to dance more unless there just weren't many people at the dance.

Sol is a petite Asian woman about 5'2" and maybe 90lbs soaking wet. Her figure is a tiny 30A-26-29, and she obsesses over not having any bust, yet when she would wear a cocktail dress every man will marvel at the Eastern model.

I on the other hand am just shorter than six feet tall with an athletic build and now salt and peppered dirty blond hair. While I don't consider myself anything more than average I have overheard many women on different occasions comment to their girlfriends that I am very handsome or studly or hot or nice to look at, etc. 

We started dancing together at the same time and in the same class so we have both been through the ups and downs of learning dancing together. That bond is nice, and we flirt all the time with each other about the other being the better dancer. We are both equals but very attuned to each other and therefore read each other and move as one elegantly.

On a few occasions when she has had a little extra wine at the parties we will dance and she will comment very seriously on how good I feel to her, and on a few occasions our dancing has excited myself and left her breathing heavily though we didn't dance fast or really with much exertion. If I am in an overly flirtatious mood I will make sure to let our legs play, or lead her in such a way that her nipples will brush against tight stomach, or drop my arm around her in such a way as to be more sensual than normal. Recently she has been too tense in her frame and I've taken her hand and placed it on my chest while we dance which is much more intimate.

Now you know most of the background and maybe where this is going. The last important details are that I am dating another woman, Sol is married with a near teenager, and in my mind I would never cheat on the one I am with although I have warned my girlfriend that I would make the most of any opportunity with a certain celebrities and a half dozen porn stars that have special qualities.

On to the story, my girlfriend was out of town on business and there was a huge dance party which I naturally attended. It was packed with people and at midnight even more people showed up. This had two effects, the first was it created more heat and humidity than the AC could handle therefore after a dance set people were sweating a bit, and the second was the dance floor was packed and it was easy to lose track of people. 

To combat the first problem I carried several dress/designer crew neck t-shirts in my car so that I could change every hour or so and be dry. The women loved this as the dancing can be distracted by sticky sweat between two people. The women generally would come in coat or shawl-like top and wear the kind of dresses/outfits that have no straps or very little fabric between the bust and neck. Occasionally so one new to dancing would wear one of these really cute blouses that had a collar only to leave early because they were on the verge of heat stroke. The other thing I did to help stay cooler was to pace myself and only dance for about 20-30 minutes before taking a break of at least 10 minutes to cool off. 

During one of my breaks I stepped outside to get out of the humidity and to let my lower back recover a bit from the novice I had just danced with. Just as I was ready to head in, Sol came out to cool off as well and began her normal flirting about when was I going to ask her to dance and such. She had a very sexy cocktail dress on that was burgundy on top without straps and with black ruffles on the bottom that was similar to an oversized cotton ball. The sexy dress coupled with neck down to breasts glistening with sweat made her look like a centerfold.

The music changed and very sensual music came on at the same time she was asking her question/flirting with me. I bowed slightly and took her hand leading her back into the dance hall. For the next three songs we danced a very sensual tango with a lot of slow steps, foot play, then leg wraps. By the end of the first song I was aroused and she was nearly panting commenting about how good I felt. This kind of panting was the kind that told me she was aroused as well. During the second song I led her to brush against my erection a couple of times and she suggested by her moves that she wanted more leg wraps to which I complied. Quite accidentally one of the wraps I led happened to be during a point where the music slowed to nothing so in response I held us close together without moving. This particular leg wrap had me step between her legs allowing her to wrap one of hers around on of mine. As we paused with the music she shifted slightly so my leg brushed against her crotch and held me there. Before the music started again I could feel the moisture soaking thru my slacks on my upper thigh. Sol was telling me how wet she was and it wasn't sweat. We danced much closer for the rest of the song allowing brushes of her crotch and my leg or her nipples on my stomach. She changed her frame to snuggle in closer to me and I reciprocated. The third song was nothing less than borderline sexual. (A month or so later I heard one of the other women tell Sol how wet she got watching us dance that night, but that is another story.)

When the third song ended we both headed for the door to cool off followed by a few others. As we cooled off outside made eye contact several times with her biting her lip and me mimic-ing. We both made sure it was on the sly with no one else aware, and luckily each of the others went back in to dance. When we were alone, I bowed slightly again to her and she curtsied to me. Without a word I took her hand and led her upstairs but leading her in front of me. 

Upstairs you could still hear enough of the music to dance and it was much, much cooler. I took her in the usual dance embrace and took a couple of slow steps with the music. Then I leaned in and kissed her on the cheek near her ear. I moved my kisses down her cheek to her neck and back up to her ear sucking gently on her earlobe. During this time I was leading us to step slowly together. I let my hand drop from around her shoulders to around her waist and was rewarded with a heavy exhale followed by short intakes of breath. She moved her other hand to my chest like when we danced and I let go of it to caress her. My hand slid down her side to the ruffle part of her dress and back up. When it came back up I made sure my thumb pressed against the underside of her breast and let it play slowly upwards until it hit her nipple thru the fabric. The slightest whisper I ever heard was "yes" as she barely breathed it out. I went back to nibbling on her ear lobe and she tensed up for a long moment with me carrying her for a couple of three steps as I assume that she orgasm-ed. I moment later, I felt the wall behind her and slowly leaned her against it. 

Sensually rubbing my hands down her sides I made my way under her cocktail dress and to her hips. I kissed her neck and moved down to her breasts. She instinctively lowered her top enough for me to play with her nipples. As I kissed her nipple for the first time I pulled her panties down from the sides of her hips and she began breathing really hard. Her nipple went solid as a rock and I gently licked and caressed it with my tongue. She made an attempt at moving her hips to help me drop her panties which more or less worked out. 

With her panties at her ankles and my tongue on her nipples she let out a low moan. I let my tongue play until the song downstairs ended. Then I lifted one of hers legs up a bit and squatted down kissing her inner thigh. When my head got under the ruffles of her cocktail dress her scent was incredibly pungent. She had a sweet musky odor that made me harder than I thought possible. As I kissed up her inner thigh getting closer to her damp mound I could feel an enormous heat. I turned my face and exhaled which made her jump. She must have realized how close I was because she grabbed my head and pulled me into her. 

I played with her clit before licking a long line down her crease to her opening. It wasn't long before she was shaking and oozing sweet cum onto my tongue. I would have rather taken more time and enjoyed a long dessert, but I heard another song end meaning I must have spent three to five minutes there already, so I unzipped my pants and let my now raging hard-on feel momentary freedom. 

Just as quickly as I stood up, her hand was on my shaft pulling me towards her. I lifted her up and let her rub me into her soaking wet mound. The instant she placed me at her opening I pushed up and in to her wet heat. Slowly I stretched her tightness. By the time I had completely filled her all she could do was let out little moans of "Oh" and "Uhnn" and the occasional "yes" when I lowered my hips and made sure to hit her g-spot on the way back in. 

We continued like that through two songs with her getting wetter and slicker with each thrust. She was light enough for me with part of her weight leaning against the wall that I could massage her ass as I thrust in and out. She started panting thru her nose and I moved her slowly away from the wall and thrust hard and harder, piston-ing in and out of her while her heat got more and more intense. Her breathing stopped and she went rigid while I shifted to just letting my tip rub back and forth across her g-spot. She arched her back and nearly hit her head against the wall as she came soaking my balls and the upper part of my slacks. When I thought she was finished I started on the long tip to balls strokes to bring myself over the edge. She moaned "Oh God!" as I pumped until I came a minute later grunting a bit as I did. I sank completely into her and rubbed her clit into my pelvis bringing her over the edge again. This time she wrapped herself against me like a boa constrictor and just held on. I thought she would never let go but she finally whispered in my ear that I was the better dancer. I let her down and we caressed each other until we heard the next song end.

At the same time we withdrew but held each others gaze "We better get cleaned up and head downstairs."

"Yup" was all I could say. As we walked toward the stairs she flipped the back of her cocktail dress up and flashed me her cute ass. I was hard all over again as she giggled a bit. I decided that I wasn't finished and caught up to her. 

I slid my hand up her crotch as I pull her into me from behind. I quickly unzipped and pulled out again to take her from behind she moved a little forward and braced herself against the railing as I pushed into her. She wasn't quite ready though she was plenty wet with our juices.

"Oh fuck!" she moaned out as I pounded her relentlessly. She wasn't as tight as before but she still felt like a glove. She spread her legs a bit more and tried to brace herself better as I let my inner animal side take over. I remembered to play with her nipples and on occasion reach under and massage her clit. But all in all she took me for three full songs before I grabbed her hips an erupted as hard as I had in a long time. About the same time I came her knees went weak and rubbery and it we both fell forward onto a knee.

She got up quickly and went to the bathroom. I got my handkerchief out and wiped our juices off the floor. After a few minutes of cleaning up myself in the bathroom we both walked down the stairs. At the bottom she turned and kissed me and whispered that I could fuck her anytime. Then we made our way back into the dance hall with her brushing my ass with her hand as I walked to find my next dance partner.