 I waited months for her to come to town. As August got closer and the temperature went up the day of the concert finally arrived. I was going alone, as none of my friends were real fans. 

I love outdoor concerts with lawn seating; sneaking in a cold six pack in my blanket and taking my shoes off. Maybe making a friend or two on a summer night. Those were my thoughts I entered the grounds and looked for a spot. Way off in the middle of the rapidly increasing crowd I saw something white and fluttering and I made my way for it. 

She seemed to be with a few other people, but also enjoying her own world as she dipped and twirled. There was no music yet but I'm sure she had something playing in her mind. 

Her long hair was strawberry blond, very curly and flowed in the breeze as she moved. The small straps of her dress did little to conceal her tan shoulders. As she turned, her ample breasts swayed beneath the flimsy cotton and when she tugged the end of her skirt I saw the curve of her hips and legs that descended to shapely calves. She was barefoot and every toenail was a different color. I don't know how long I stood and stared. She stopped dancing, pushed her sunglasses onto her head, and said, "Well are you going to stay or just stare awhile?" I flushed crimson and scrambled to get seated near to her as she laughed and started to dance again. 

I laid back on my blanket and watched her without trying to conceal my interest. She was natural and free and made me feel very comfortable. She flopped down next to me on her blanket and asked if the beer was for sharing. I opened one and gave it to her as she rolled onto to her stomach and rubbed her feet together. I forget what we talked about but I remember it was easy and amusing. As the first band started she jumped back up to her feet and started dancing. And even though there wasn't a cloud in the sky, raindrops started to fall. They looked like jewels in the late afternoon sun and she reveled in it. 

Watching her dance took on new meaning as each raindrop turned a small part of her dress from white to translucent. I forgot we were in a crowd of thousands, and she was dancing just for me. Before long I could make out the shape of her breasts and the gentle curve of her stomach. She ran her hands along her thighs and her eyes sparkled whenever she looked in my direction. 

The rain came down harder and soon she was soaked. She turned to me and her nipples stood out clearly and were tantalizing. She held a breast gently in each hand and seemed to offer them to me. I jumped up and we met with hands intertwined and our lips locked. She whispered in my ear, "Where can we go?" 

I took her by the hand and as the rain turned into a downpour we moved swiftly through the oblivious crowd. My mind was racing as I rapidly evaluated each spot. I spied a set of bleachers and in an instant we were under them. 

She ran her hands through my hair as we kissed and my hands explored her waist and hips. I pushed her breasts together and caressed her nipples through the wet cotton. As I raised her skirt she put her hands up and grabbed an overhead beam. I knelt and pushed her skirt up to reveal her pussy. It was wet and inviting. I pulled her close and kissed her stomach as my hand explored her pussy. I parted her with my fingers and stroked her clit and she moaned with pleasure. 

In one motion she pulled herself up and wrapped her legs around me, with her pussy squarely on mouth. I licked and nibbled and sucked every bit of it. Her clit was swollen and throbbing and as I sucked on it she moaned and swayed. I sucked harder and faster. As I slid my finger inside her and curled it she climaxed in huge waves and I could feel her pulse on my finger and tongue. 

I stood up and dropped my pants. She wrapped her legs around my waist and her arms around my neck. My cock slid into her easily and I held her up by her sumptuous ass. She moved her hips back and forth along the length of my cock and sucked on my tongue. I pulled her hard onto me and exploded inside her. She put her mouth on my ear and moaned as my entire body stiffened then relaxed. 

We strolled hand and hand back to our spot in the crowd. As the sun came out we laid on our blankets got to know one another. 

The end.