 I entered the smoky, dimly lit bar and sat in a stool next to the dance floor. A curvy blonde broke away from the dancing and floated over to me, two glasses and a bottle of bubbly in hand. We drank as we explored each other with our eyes and she undressed me with her baby blues. Colored lights slowly emerged, bouncing off a twirling silver ball in the ceiling, and music rose from a hidden band. She laughed, blew me a kiss, stood just feet from where I was sitting, and began to sway with the music and dancing lights.

She slowly, sensuously ran her hands across her body, and then she was dancing. There were shouts of approval and enthusiasm all around us, but she was dancing just for me. She stood in the spotlight just beyond my table, her ample hips and breasts slowly swaying to the music of the band as she danced in undulating rhythm, her long blonde hair waving around her head. I pulled her hips to me with my soft eyes and made love to the where they centered. She laughed and arched her back. Her hips gyrated and wiggled and pumped as she danced in front of me, thrusting her breasts as me, again and again. She sighed and moaned for me. I arched my back in sexual exhilaration and ecstasy, as the lights bouncing off the silver ball intensified and burbling applause and catcalls flooded in on us. But she was dancing just for me.

She pranced out on to the center of the dance floor, dancing in sweeping movements for the music and audience, and then she returned to me. We entwined our arms and smoked a cigarette and whispered endearments to each other. And she mounted my lap then and did a dance just for me. And we found a breath-stealing rhythm with our hips, as I squeezed her rounded butt cheeks and made love to her lips and taut nipples through her thin cotton top with my soft, searching mouth.

I drove her out to my beach house with the top down, her long blonde hair streaming in the wind, her laughter floating on the air. We glided down between the dunes and ocean to a misty, dimly lit stretch of sand. She spread the blanket as I poured bubbly into two glasses. We drank as we explored each others bodies with anxious hands through our moist, clinging clothes. Curves and crevasses. Cheeks, tits, bellies, navels, thighs, cock and balls, cunt, and asses. She undressed me with her roaming hands. Pink and lavender fingers of the rising sun appeared on the ocean horizon, and the sound of the waves amplified. She laughed, kissed me deeply, and stood and slid out onto the sand.

She slowly, sensuously stripped down, and then she was dancing. The seagulls wheeled and cawed overhead, shouting their approval and enthusiasm, but she was dancing just for me. She stood close in front of me in the sand, her hips and breasts slowly swaying to the music of the surf and soaring seagulls as she danced in undulating rhythm, her long blonde hair waving around her head. I pulled her hips to me with my soft mouth and tongue and made love inside the moist crevice between her soft thighs. She laughed and arched her back. I pulled her down to the blanket below me and slid my cock into her flowing center. My hips gyrated and wiggled and pumped as I danced above her, thrusting my throbbing cock into her, again and again. She sighed and moaned for me. I arched my back in sexual release and ecstasy, as the morning light bouncing off the dancing waves intensified and her love canal was flooded deep with my burbling semen. I was dancing just for her.

She broke free and pranced out onto the sand, dancing sweeping movements for the crashing waves and careening seagulls, and then she returned to me. We entwined our arms and smoked a cigarette and whispered endearments to each other. And she mounted my lap then, lowering her nether lips onto my throbbing rod once more, and we danced for each other, finding a breath-stealing rhythm with our hips, as I squeezed her rounded butt cheeks and made love to her lips and taut nipples with my soft, searching mouth. I stretched and filled her undulating love canal with my probing, plowing, dancing cock and, in time, with waves and waves of my man juice, my wiggling sperm dancing around deep inside the core of her, dancing just for her.