 *** You have to read the other stories, so you'll know what led to this. You'll find Chapter 01 on EROTIC COUPLINGS. Chapter 02 on GROUP SEX. All comments and request are welcome. ENJOY *** 

***** 

Sophie was out of breath by the time she burst into Steven's office on the top floor of the old, creaky building. Her pulse was racing and her face was still flushed from her orgasm, as well as the four flights of stairs. 

"My god woman you look so damn sexy, how do you do that?" 

"Hmmm, well that would be telling." 

"Come here," he beckoned with one finger as a mischievous grin spread across the whole of his face. 

Sophie walked around his desk and he pulled her into his lap and kissed her hard on the lips. She pulled away gasping for air and giggling at the Liame time. 

So this is your office is it? Not half as fancy as I'd imagined," she glanced around the large room full of dusty boxes overflowing with flyers and posters galore. 

It actually looked more like an old newsroom or a 1950's printer's office: there was musical propaganda everywhere. Dark old furniture that looked like it had seen better days and old metal filing cabinets lined the walls, piled high with more boxes and papers. There were even posters from productions that had existed years before she was even born. 

The pictures on the wall were fascinating. Steven was looking down at her from at least 60 different sized frames, standing beside a famous actor or actress. Sophie was in absolute awe, but she kept that to herself. 

"This is my office here, not much chance of a flashy office in an old theatre. One day I'll take you to my office in the city, my real office. That should leave you suitably impressed beautiful lady." 

He leaned in and kissed her again. She was crackling with sexual tension; he'd had an erection since she had first stepped through his door. Everything about this woman made him tingle with excitement, he didn't remember anyone having made him feel this way before. 

Steven stood up lifting her from his lap and perching her on the edge of his desk without taking his lips off hers. 

"I've missed you," he whispered into her hair, inhaling the intoxicating smell of her skin. And he meant it. 

He continued to place little kisses around her face and neck while running his hands up the inside of her thighs. His hands stopped still when he reached her sex, and he pulled back to look at her. 

"Jesus Sophie, your leggings are soaked baby, do I make you this horny?" 

"Yes you do, I've been thinking about this moment since you texted me and I have a confession to make, I kind of pleasured myself before I came up here." 

She couldn't tell him about the menagè-a-trois she'd just witnessed downstairs without causing trouble, so for now she'd keep that little nugget to herself. 

Now his erection was ready to burst from the restraints of his jeans. 

"You dirty, dirty girl Sophia Mitchell, tell me, what did you think about while you got yourself off? I'd love to know." 

"Well, I was anticipating being thrown over the desk in your office and you doing all kinds of naughty things to me of course." 

Steven felt every nerve in his body pulsate. He was so hard he had to physically drag his mind away from her for a couple of seconds before he prematurely embarrassed himself in a way he had never done before. 

He knew he should have relieved himself before she came so he could have paced himself better. He hadn't been expecting such revelations, but how was she to know that the thing that drove him totally crazy was to watch a woman pleasure herself. 

He strode across the office and turned the key in the door. 

"Just to be on the safe side," he winked. 

Sophia used the moment to quickly disrobe herself of her damp leggings and panties and pulled her sweatshirt over her head. Steven stopped and just stared, mouth agape. 

"Jeez you are so beautiful baby, you make me so freaking hard, feel." 

He pulled her hand to his crotch where his erection was bulging beneath his very tight blue jeans. 

"How about we make you a little more comfortable," she crooned, while popping the buttons of his jeans undone one by one. 

She pushed him gently back towards the desk and dropped to her knees taking his jeans down as she went. She found herself subconsciously comparing his erection to that of Andreas and decided Andreas was definitely the bigger. She was also remembering how Liam had managed to take that huge length right down to the back of her throat without as much as a single gag. 

The mental images of the threesome once again set her on fire. She was hornier than she'd ever been in her life after watching them and Steven was most definitely going to feel the benefit of that. 

She began to take him into her mouth. At first just the tip, swirling her tongue around the head and up and down each side. Her hands were kneading his balls gently underneath. 

His hand was urgently putting force onto the back of her head but she continued to go at her own pace. She kissed him along both sides of his swollen pulsating flesh. The veins were pumped and it looked like his entire blood supply was filling his length. 

Gently she began to take him in deeper inside her mouth, gripping him tightly at the base and massaging his balls much to his pleasure. He moaned loudly not bothering to stifle the noise. After all he was the boss. 

He pulled her up, knowing that he didn't have that much time left. 

"Can you do something for me baby?" He panted into her ear. 

"Of course, anything." 

"Show me what you did to yourself before you came here, show me how you make yourself come, will you do that for me?" 

She had never masturbated in front of anyone before and under any other circumstances she would have been embarrassed to the core. But today Steven was in luck, because what she had just witnessed downstairs had seemingly turned her into an uninhibited sex kitten. 

She laid herself backwards over his desk her feet spread on the ground. Her breasts pushed prominently up-wards rising and falling with her jagged breath. Her nipples were beautiful in their pink, round hardness. 

Steven stood stock-still and took in the beautiful scene before him. He watched as her hands roamed over her alabaster skin, stopping to tug at one nipple and then the other. One hand dipped between her thighs and her wetness was audible as her fingers moved. She groaned as she grazed across her swollen bud. Her pubic hair was as red as the hair on her head, and trimmed back to give a perfect view of the goods on offer. 

Steven was mesmerised. He was afraid to stroke himself lest he came right there and then. He just stood still watching her while holding his throbbing member. 

Her fingers began to dip inside, the sound of her wetness was music to his ears. Her beautiful mound spread before him was almost too much as she moaned and groaned at the pleasure of her own touch. 

"You are the most exquisite creature I have ever known Sophia Mitchell." 

"Wanna fuck me?" she groaned. 

She was desperate to feel him inside her, she needed some male action after her first solo session of the day. Although she enjoyed touching herself for him, all she really wanted was for him to pound his tool into her. 

"You betcha baby," he lunged towards her not needing to be asked twice. 

He held himself for a moment at her centre, the aroma of her reaching his nostrils and sending a rush through his veins. He began to rub himself against her wetness, circling her entrance, ready to enter. 

Sophie lifted her legs and snaked them around his waist forcing him inside her. She sank her nails into his buttocks, pulling him deep into her core. 

They began to move in unison, their bodies locked in a sensual dance, their breathing the music like a symphony reaching a sexual crescendo. They clung to each other, taking as much pleasure from the other as they could. 

She slipped a hand between her legs and stroked him as he moved in and out of her. She rubbed herself with her fingers and brought herself to the most explosive orgasm. Her bucking and thrashing against made him cum and cum and cum. They rode the wave of their orgasm together, clinging to each other in a frenzy of passion. 

They lay spent on the desk. 

"I can't breathe," Sophie rasped beneath him. 

Sorry baby, he said lifting himself onto his elbows and releasing her from his body weight. 

They gazed into each other's eyes for what seemed like an eternity before he spoke. 

"Do you have a valid passport?" 

"I do, as it happens," she smirked. 

"Will you come to Barcelona with me next weekend?" 

"Oh My God! Are you serious Barcelona? I've always wanted to go there, yes! yes!! and yes!!." 

She wrapped herself around him like a blanket as excited as a little girl at Christmas. 

"What about rehearsals, will I be ok having Saturday off?" 

He responded by smiling. 

Everybody knew that Saturdays in theatre were sacrilege; you needed to be hooked up to a life support machine to get a Saturday off. Sundays were the only day off you had if you'd made theatre your life. 

"I'm the boss darling, and I need you with me for some very important business that I need to take care of over there." 

"Oh My God Barcelona, I love you, I mean I love Barcelona not you, although I do like you very much." 

"Shhhhhh," he said placing a hand over her mouth, laughing at her flusteredness. 

"Right, you had better get yourself dressed and down to rehearsals before anyone misses you. Send me a copy of your passport tonight via text and I'll book the tickets." 

Sophia was beside herself with excitement. What a day it had been so far and it was only 2 pm. She threw on her clothes, her panties now uncomfortably wet and cold against her skin, and kissed him quickly on the lips. 

"Catch you later lover-boy," she said blowing him a kiss and heading out of the door. 

He pretended to catch it and kissed it to his lips. 

"Later beautiful lady." 

Sophie had never been so happy. The dirty looks from the rest of the cast and the turned backs as she walked in couldn't touch her today. She was literally walking on air. 

She smiled at Ana and Liam and winked at Andreas; causing all three of them to look at each other, mildly panicked. Mentally thanking them for the most sexual day of her life so far, she took her place on stage and began her first dance.