 I work in quite a large company with thousands of people employed across the UK and the world. The office I work from, in Manchester, has nearly 1000 alone, meaning that it's impossible to know everyone in the office. Every now and again, the powers that be decide to change around the seating, meaning that we get to know different people.

This is exactly how I came to know Tom, who works in the finance team. I am a PA in the BD team and the latest office move meant that we were sitting on next door pods. I still remember the feeling of lust that washed over me the moment I set eyes on my new neighbour. At 5'9" with a toned, athletic body and short dark hair, he was stunning enough, but it was his baby blue eyes, which really grabbed my attention. They were piercing and I felt like he could see right through me with them.

As the days went by, we started to chat more and more. At first, I found it difficult to string together coherent sentences. That soon gave way to easy conversation and increasingly flirtatious exchanges, which my colleagues picked up on. I often found myself masturbating in the ladies toilet just thinking how much I wanted to look into his beautiful eyes whilst having an orgasm.

A couple of days ago, on the third Friday after we became neighbours, Tom and I happened to be the last in the office. I was so busy finishing off an important pitch document that I hadn't noticed everyone else going until my boss tapped me on the shoulder and said goodnight. I looked at the clock and noticed it was 7pm and the office was empty, except for Tom.

He seemed to be concentrating himself, so I returned my attention to the document. All that was left was a final proof read, before sending to my boss for her 9am meeting on Monday. I have to admit that my mind was wandering to my colleague, meaning I had to read and re-read each page several times.

After I'm-not-sure-how-long, Tom swivelled his chair around and sat with his arms crossed on the end of my desk. I stopped what I was doing and looked over to see a big, sexy grin on his face.

"Ciara, do you dance?" he asked, in his gentle Cheshire accent.

"Pardon?" I asked

"A new salsa club is opening tonight and my name is on the list. Do you want to come and dance the night away?" 

"I have to finish this," I answered.

"You've read that document about ten times." he pointed out

"True. But I'm not dressed for salsa." 

"It sounds like you're making excuses. If you don't want to go out with me, just say. I'm a big boy." 

Tom was right, I was making excuses. Despite all the flirting, I never had any intention of actually doing anything as that would break my number one golden rule of life: never shag work colleagues. I didn't trust myself with Tom in a bar, with alcohol.

"Come on Ciara, you've been burning the midnight oil every day this week, you need to let your hair down."

"That's true, but...." I tried to protest

"And for what it's worth, I think you look perfect for salsa." he said, looking me up and down. I felt myself instantly become wet as I felt his eyes wander over my almost-too-tight pink jumper, down to my skinny jeans and the black patent court shoes which finished off the outfit. He caught me blushing and nodded, I nodded back, and before I knew it, we were making our way to the hip new club opening in the city that night.

The rum-based cocktails were free flowing and the salsa band authentic. We found ourselves sat in a booth next to the dance floor, talking. As the music was so loud, I had to lean right into him to hear what he was saying, and vice versa. On more than one occasion, my lip gently brushed his jaw as I talked. As he drank more, he put his hand on my shoulder every time he leaned in to listen. I could feel the lust building.

Around 10-ish, the band finished and a DJ took to the decks. When the opening bars for Conga by Gloria Estefan started, I grabbed Tom's hand and pulled him onto the dancefloor. I was immediately impressed by his dancing ability and how well he led. As someone who trained as a dancer in a past life, I really appreciated men who could lead properly. We danced and danced, our bodies getting closer and more in tune with each song.

I was soon sweaty and out of breath, so sat back down at our booth. The free drinks ran out, so Tom went to the bar. As everyone else was up dancing, and was a relatively small crowd for the opening party, it wasn't long before he was back with a bottle of prosecco and two glasses. 

"I'm hot!" I exclaimed

"Why don't you take this off?" he shouted, tugging at my jumper.

"I only have my bra on underneath..." I protested.

"Look around, there is a lot of flesh on show!" he said. His beautiful, piercing eyes convinced me, and I found myself pulling my wet-with-sweat jumper over my head to reveal my pink bra. Boy I was glad that I didn't put an old greying favourite on today. Tom clearly approved as he took off his tie and unbuttoned the top few buttons of his shirt. I'd never had a glimpse of what was beneath his cotton work shirts until now, and I liked it. 

After a few gulps of prosecco, Tom led me back to the dancefloor. I soon forgot that I was there dancing in just my bra, as I got lost in the evening again. We had a cycle of dancing, drinking, dancing, drinking, his hands wandering more and more over my back, my butt cheeks. It took us both by surprise when the DJ announced that he was playing his last song, "Vivir mi Vida" by Marc Anthony. Despite feeling so drunk and worn out, I loved this song so was happy to dance one last dance. 

At the end, Tom dipped me back and learned over me, grinning. I could feel his eyes looking in to my soul, like he was trying to read my mind. He then pulled me up and wrapped his arms around my waist. "Thanks for letting me talk you into this," he said

"It's been fun, and you were right, I needed to let my hair down," I admitted

"And take your top off!" he said, as he moved his hand from my shoulder so it was a little lower, but not quite on my breast. I think he could sense that this turned me on by his little smile. 

"Right, we best get out of here!" I said, interrupting the moment. I couldn't let myself be tempted and take this any further. I pulled the jumper over my head, still damp, and finished the prosecco that was in my glass. Tom finished his , put his blazer on, tie in his pocket and held out his elbow for me.

"How are you getting home?" he asked

"I live only a few streets from here so I'll walk," I said. I loved living in central Manchester, it suited my lifestyle.

"Well, that doesn't seem safe, let me walk you," he said

"There's no need, honestly, look there's loads of taxi's here, jump in one now." I just couldn't let this happen. 

"I insist," he said, forcefully taking my hand and leading me in the wrong direction. Resigned to the fact that I was going to have to hold myself back longer, I told him the correct way, and soon we were walking down the quiet streets that led to my flat. Well, it was 3.30am, even Manchester quietens down at this time.

Walking down a side street, which led to my apartment, which was in a converted weaver's cottage, Tom suddenly stopped and turned round to look at me. He gently pushed me against the wall, and I felt myself tingle all over.

"You were really great, you have good skills on the dancefloor," he said, looking down at me.

"Well, I did train as a dancer as a teenager," I explained. 

"It's sexy," he said, his left hand now holding the right side of my head, whilst his right hand rested on my hip. I wanted to resist but I felt that this was futile now. I wanted him. 

"Y'know, I find it sexy when a man can really lead on the dancefloor," I said, looking back into his eyes. I'd now placed my hands on his waist, slowly moving them round to the front of his stomach. I was now so turned on that I thought I would come right there and then. 

"So it seems we both find each other sexy...." he said, his lips almost resting on my forehead. I could feel his breath and my breathing shortened. I moved my head, so our lips were now only a few centimetres apart. He grinned that sexy, naughty grin of his, grabbed my hand and carried on walking. I sighed, and he laughed.

As soon as I closed my flat door, Tom pinned me against the wall. He didn't say a word; he didn't have to. I looked into his blue eyes as he took off his blazer and unbuttoned his shirt all the way to the bottom. I placed my hands on his bare chest, slowly running down to the waistband of his jeans. He then took my hands and pinned them on the wall behind me. I kept them there as he ran his hands down my sides until he reached the bottom of my jumper. He slowly lifted the jumper, pulled it over my head and let it drop to the floor. He bit his lip as he then ran his hands over my breasts, as though he'd been thinking about this since the club earlier.

I couldn't help but gasp when he reached my nipples, their hardness obvious even through my bra. He reached behind and expertly unclipped my bra, revealing my 32E breasts. Tom paid attention to both breasts, and nipples, equally. I thought I was going to orgasm just from this nipple play.

Tom then led me through to my living room and stood next to the sofa. He unbuttoned my jeans and started to pull them down. I helped by pulling them down, as they were skinny jeans, they were not made for sexy stripping! As I was stood there in my thong, which was visibly soaked by this point, I unbuckled the belt on his jeans. He put his finger under my chin and tilted my head up, so I looked at him straight in the eyes as I unbuttoned the fly and his jeans, being looser than mine, came off easier than min. His erection was obvious through the fabric of his boxer shorts.

I then moved closer, so our almost naked bodies were touching and I leaned up to kiss him. His lips met mine in a hungry kiss which conveyed the lust and passion we were both feeling. I pulled away from his lips and kissed his neck, followed by his chest, sucking on both nipples, then down further until I was on my knees in front of his erection. I pulled down his boxers to release his thick, hard cock. I ran my hands over it, noting how silky it felt. He was circumcised, which meant the head was sensitive to even the slightest touch.

Tom put his hand on the back of my head, indicating that he wanted me to take him in my mouth. I willingly obliged, and took began to slowly kiss and lick him, teasing before I finally took his whole length in my mouth. I loved feeling cock against the back of my throat, and evidently Tom loved it too. He suddenly gripped my hair more firmly and began to thrust in and out of my mouth. I could feel the pre-cum on his cock and thought he was going to shoot his load. But he soon stopped and pulled me up to kiss me. 

After another passionate kiss, he pulled back and sat down, legs spread so I could see his erect cock and large balls in all their glory. I bit my lip in anticipation of feeling him inside of me. I took of my wet, flimsy thong and handed it to him, so he could feel how turned on I was, by his cock, by the whole evening with him. He ran the wet crotch over his lips and licked them, driving me wild. He gestured for me to come to him. I then straddled him, letting the tip of his cock rest against my wetness.

Tom looked at me, his beautiful eyes full of lust and wanting. I moved a little, so when I lowered myself, his cock ran over my enlarged clit and felt my wetness. He groaned as I rubbed myself against him over and over. 

Becoming impatient, he then put his hands on my hips and stopped me. He then guided his cock into my hole and I lowered myself on. As much as the teasing was enjoyable, the feeling of his cock inside of my pussy didn't even compare. I let out a load moan, and the feeling was reciprocated. I didn't move at first, I just sat there and kissed him, the kisses even more urgent than earlier.

I couldn't hold myself back any longer, so I began to move. I was leaning so close against him that my clit was rubbing against the small line of hair on his stomach, which added to my pleasure. Tom didn't seem in a hurry either and we both moaned and called each others' name as we neared our orgasm. I came first, shortly followed by an explosion inside of me. For a moment we just stayed still, looking at each other without saying a word, smiling in ecstasy.

I was the first to move, and before he had a chance to move, I bent down to lick his cock clean. "Careful you'll make me hard again," he said.

"Mmmmm," I said, as I wiped my lips clean, before sitting down next to him.

"So, I didn't expect this," he said

"You invited me out!"

"Yes, but I thought you'd go early, you didn't seem to keen," as he spoke, he rested his hand on my thigh and lightly drummed his fingers.

"I have a rule..." I smiled

"Which I'm guessing you have now broken?" he said, with a devilish look in his eye.

"It's almost as though you knew about my rule."

"It wasn't hard to guess. But I wanted you..."

"And was it worth it?" I asked. 

Tom placed my hand on his cock, which was already semi-erect again. "It was worth it the moment you took your jumper off in the club," he said, using my hand to rub his cock. I leaned in to kiss him and Tom fondled my nipple as we did so.

I stood up, as I was going to straddle him again, but he stopped me. He ordered me to bend over the arm of the sofa, which I willingly did. There was no teasing as he plunged his cock into my waiting pussy until he was balls deep. He had his hands on my butt cheeks, handling them roughly as he began to really fuck me. I yelped as he pulled his length out and pushed it back in over again, becoming rougher each time. I came, my second orgasm more powerful than the first. 

Tom then stopped, as though he was stopping himself from coming. I felt this thumb circling my asshole. I heard him then lick his other thumb and then the feeling of his wet thumb tentatively exploring this tighter hole. I pushed back, to indicate that I was happy for him to continue. With that, he gently started rocking inside of me, with his thumb in my ass. This felt so good, I could feel yet another orgasm building.

He then withdrew his cock and thumb from their respective holes. He then used the juices from my pussy to lubricate my asshole. He rested the tip of his cock at my entrance, waiting for me to signal that I was happy. Although I'd never had such a thick cock in my back hole before, I knew I liked anal so I pushed back slowly, his tip entering me slightly.

After slowly guiding his cock inside, he let me adjust and then slowly began to thrust. Feeling his balls hitting against my wet cunt as with each thrust, and hearing his deep, guttural moans, caused me to have another orgasm. It didn't take long for Tom to follow suit, and I soon felt him come inside my ass. He collapsed on top of me whilst he caught his breath. I loved the feel of his sweaty body on mine whilst at the same time feeling his juice dripping out of me. 

After he withdrew, I stood up and went to get us a glass of wine each. I certainly need sustenance after that. As we chatted, and flirted, I could feel his cum flowing out of my ass. We dozed off on the sofa, waking to find myself cuddled against him and my leg stretched across his lap. This stirred his cock, so we fucked again. We continued in this cycle until lunchtime, when we were finally too sore and too tired to keep fucking. 

As I sit here masturbating to the memory of Friday's fun, with the working week about to start again, I can't help but hope that I will break my rule again, and again, and again with Tom....