 Ellie left her bed, her entire body feeling awake and tingling.  She went to her lingerie drawer and removed a tiny pair of stretchy blue panties.  The matching bra was tucked nearby.  Ellie occasionally bought pretty underthings, but had rarely had a reason to wear them, so they just stayed in her lingerie drawer.  Today she wanted to wear something pretty and sexy.  She pulled the panties up her smooth, short legs and felt them clinging to her body.  It almost seemed a shame to cover her very sensitive breasts, but she wanted to at least look respectable, so she slipped the bra up her arms and hooked the tiny front clasp.

As she walked into her closet, she saw exactly what she wanted to wear.  She had purchased a long, gauzy skirt months before and had never found an occasion to wear it.  Today, it would be just right.  Hanging beside it, was a lacy peasant blouse, in the perfect shade of blue.  She placed the clothes on the bed, moving to her vanity to spray on a soft vanilla mist and brush her short hair into place.  Her face still glowed from her morning of exploration and she just added some shiny gloss to her smiling lips.

Ellie quickly dressed, adding some summery sandals.  Now she was ready.  She left the house and drove directly to the cinema.  It was getting late, and the feature started soon.

It never occurred to her that Ben might not come.  She never thought he might ignore her instructions and just keep right on working at his office.  She confidently bought her ticket and a cold drink, moving through the lobby to the correct theater.  As she walked, she felt so incredibly sexy and beautiful.  She felt her hips swaying gently as she walked, the long skirt softly swishing against her bare legs.  Ellie knew she was emitting a signal.  More than one man seemed to watch her as she moved through the afternoon crowd.  She entered the theater, climbing the stairs until she reached a row about 3/4 of the way to the top.  She moved against the wall and settled into her plush, rocking seat.  Just as the previews started, she saw Ben enter the theater, never really looking at her, but climbing one row past her.  Ellie could hear him getting comfortable.

She felt her heart pounding.  She found it hard to believe that this was her, sitting in a movie theater in the mid-afternoon with her potential lover waiting for her every instruction.  Ben followed all her earlier instructions.  He moved at the proper time to the same row, but one seat apart.  They sat there for a few minutes, scanning the audience, wondering if they dared continue with this dance.  Suddenly, as expected,  the screen went dark.  When the scene brightened and light filled the theater again, Ben was no longer beside her.  He was sitting on the carpeted floor, between her legs.  Ellie lifted her feet and placed them on the back of the chair in front of her, causing her full skirt to billow.  She could feel Ben's hair on her inner thighs, his face moving up her leg, his mouth licking and sucking her tender flesh.  Ellie had trouble sitting still, her hips were moving in rhythm with his kisses.  She slid lower in the seat, her ass cheeks resting on the edge of the cushion.  Ben's mouth continued to move up her thigh, coming to rest against the crotch of her tight, blue panties.  She could feel his hot breath as he blew against her there.  His tongue traveled up and down the taut fabric, wetting her undies and making her wriggle even more.  The panties were stretched tight against her skin, no curlies to dull the sensation of Ben's mouth on her.  She pushed up against him, felt his tongue slip out and start licking the nylon, pushing it against her newly bare skin.  His tongue created a path, up and down, moving against her aroused flesh, making her moan deep in her throat.  Then, he pushed harder, causing the panty to lodge inside her wet slit, allowing him access to her swollen mons.  

Ellie spread her legs as far apart as possible, offering Ben all that he wanted.  His pointed tongue was plunging into her: slow, even strokes, then deep, then shallow, in and out, up and down.  His hands cupped her ass as it nearly fell from the seat, his fingers spread over her curves, massaging and enjoying.   He stiffened his tongue and moved his head back and forth, in and out, fucking her with his wet, slippery, extended tongue.  Her panties were pushed deeply into her now, and the sensation of the nylon-sheathed tongue moving inside made her quiver.  Both his hands were inside her panties now, pulling them away from her tight cheeks, moving them to allow him access to all of her flesh.  Suddenly, he began to pull them down, and she lifted her hips to make it easier for him.  She felt the stretchy fabric sliding down her legs, and felt him slip them over her feet, one at a time.  She heard him inhale deeply and knew he had the wet panties over his nose, learning her excited scent.

She felt his mouth return, french kissing her excited pussy.  His mouth covered her, his tongue slipping deep inside, tasting and feeling the texture of her smooth pinkness.  She knew she was wet and swollen, knew his tongue was easily sliding up and down her slit, moving into her completely.  His mouth was so warm, his breath so soft as it touched her naked skin.  She pushed against him, encouraging him to use her, to fuck her pussy with his talented tongue. 

Suddenly, he stopped.  She could feel his breath growing distant.  She felt such loss, such need, and almost cried out.  Then she felt his fingertip, just barely touching her, just moving very gently and carefully up along her slit.  Just barely making contact, but making it all the same.  She found herself holding her breath, waiting to see what he would do next.  Up and down, his fingertip traveled, moving along the swollen flesh, opening her to him.  His finger seemed to delve deeper with each stroke, until she could feel it against her aching clit, moving over it, massaging it lovingly.  Ah, she loved this.  Her legs were spread so wide, her left knee pressed against the wall, her skirt tenting over Ben as he teased her.  Just as she thought she couldn't stand another moment of his finger teasing her, Ben removed the warm digit.  Again, she almost cried out.  She was sitting totally opened and Ben was not taking advantage of it.  Perhaps he was waiting for instructions?  She wondered if she should whisper to him, tell him what she wanted?  Even as she thought that, she felt his hair moving up her thigh and his breath once again warming her shaved little pussy.  She expected his warm mouth over her, and was startled and delighted to feel the coldness of his tongue as he entered her with a piece of ice in his mouth.  Oh, my, that was delightful!  His icy tongue slid in and out, playing with her erect clit, stroking it and flicking over it, once again bringing Ellie to the edge of orgasm.  This time, Ben decided to continue, and she felt his head moving up and down her thigh, his tongue stroking her clit and sliding into her hot pussy.  Her legs grew tight and she clamped them around his head, holding him in place.  She closed her mouth on her hand, sucking hard, trying to stay quiet as the spasms began in her feet, moving up her legs, the waves of heat passing along, the tremors nearly racking her body.  And still Ben continued.  His mouth nursed hungrily on her clit, his lips covering her swollen ones, his tongue thrusting needily in and out of her deep pinkness.  

Ellie thought the spasms would never end.  She feared she had been loud and had attracted attention.  When she was finally able to look around and see her surroundings, she noted that her orgasm had coincided with one of the loud war scenes and that her moans had blended with the other noises.  She could feel Ben leaning against her sated flesh, feel his soft breath warming her.

The theater darkened again.  When the screen lit up, Ben was beside her again, quietly sipping a cold drink.  As the movie ended, he stood and walked down the steps, still not one word spoken between them.  As the lights came on, Ellie looked around for her discarded panties, but was unable to find them.  She hoped that Ben had taken them as a souvenir.  

Walking from the theater, Ellie could feel her juices wetting her inner thighs, the skirt rubbing lightly against her bare ass.  The dance was progressing nicely and she looked forward to the next number.


TO BE CONTINUED.....