 After hanging up the phone, Ellie stayed on the bed, her naked body relaxed. She could feel the breeze from the ceiling fan on her skin, felt the coolness as her body was caressed by the soft, flowing air. She let her legs fall open and enjoyed the cool air hitting her curlies. Her fingers drifted there, combing the long, brown curls, feeling them wrap around her fingertips. She loved touching them, feeling them, looking at them. 

She wondered if perhaps Dale would like a reminder of them. Even Ben might find a picture popping up in E-mail to be enticing. She smiled to herself as she went to the computer room and found the digital camera. She wanted to take some pictures of her pretty pussy with the pretty curlies. She climbed back into the bed and considered her idea. She had the latest in technology in her hand. She had a naked body that was ripe and ready. Yes, posing for the camera would excite her and give another dimension to her awakening sexuality. She could always decide later what to do with the photos, sharing them with lovers or keeping them for herself. She set the timer and began posing.

At first, she felt silly and shy and took flirtatious pictures of herself holding a pillow in front of her, or her hands covering crucial parts. But, as the camera flashed, she found herself relaxing and letting a bit of breast or a hint of curlies be seen. Finally the camera was full and Ellie went to the computer room again, sitting naked in the chair and downloading the pictures. She could see why men enjoyed being naked. It was extremely free and sexy. She vowed to spend some time naked, another step in accepting her body and her burgeoning sexuality. 

What she saw onscreen delighted her. Her skin was glowing from her exciting night, her eyes were shining, her smile shy, yet seductive. Slowly she saw herself get braver as she exposed more flesh to the camera, until the pictures were just the littlest bit naughty. She enjoyed seeing herself so brazen. After downloading the camera, she went back to her room, this time posing with more pleasure. She wore the red teddy from last night, slowly removing it, picture by picture, one button at a time. She wanted to see the seduction she had performed last night. She opened the lacy bodice, allowing her full breasts to be seen, then her dark, tight nipples. Every snap of the camera showed less clothing, more Ellie. She reached down to unsnap the crotch, allowing her fingers to linger in the curlies, her eyes closing at the pleasurable feelings.

When the teddy was removed, Ellie continued to take pictures. She let her hands massage her breasts, her nipples, and down into her curlies. Soon, she forgot about the camera and just kept touching herself, amazed to find herself coming hard from just this little stimulation. She left her fingers deep inside her pink, suddenly remembering the camera, and posed for a picture of a just-fucked woman, her face all flushed, her fingers still inserted and slowly thrusting. She had never felt like this. Every fiber of her body seemed alive and ready, the slightest touch making her wet and achy. 

She pulled her shiny fingers from her pink, loving the softly wet sound of herself, and slowly licked them, taking a picture of her mouth moving down each one. Her eyes closed with pleasure and she heard the camera clicking with each shot. Lying on the bed, she thought of something she had always wanted to do, but had never had the nerve to try. Now, she knew she was ready. Moving from the bed, she entered the shower again, armed with all the needed supplies. She lathered her curlies and then began shaving them, carefully removing the thick, brown hair she enjoyed so much. She used her fingers to check for any strays and found only incredibly smooth skin. She became even more excited. Once again, she left the shower and dried her body, this time taking a mirror with her to the bed. 

God, her pussy was so incredibly pretty. She could see the soft mound, now vulnerable looking, very little girlish. But then, she separated the puffy lips and saw the pinkness within. This was a woman! She looked at her inner self, found her clit and made it stand hard, felt the incredible smoothness that was her secret place. Men were so lucky to be able to see this all so easily. Her hand caressed the newly bare skin, feeling even more excited by her new secret. She imagined her husband, his face buried here, tasting her and appreciating the baby smoothness of her mound. 

She thought of Ben, being instructed to lick the skin, slowly stroking his way into her hot pink. Then she noticed the camera. Of course, Ellie needed pictures of her sweet pussy. Her new, bare, sweet pussy. She set the timer and took several shots of her hand caressing the hairless mound, her fingers inserted between the very puffy, very pink lips. She dressed again in the teddy, taking pictures that did not have the fluff of curlies evident. 

She slowly undressed again. This time, the bright red satin slid against her bare skin, against her bare slit, once again making Ellie achy and in need of release. This time, she touched privately. No camera caught her movements as her fingers moved confidently from clit to pussy, finger fucking herself deeply then circling her hardening clit. Back and forth, Ellie's fingers moved with knowledge and skill. With each entry, she added a finger, until all four of her tiny fingers were deep inside her pinkness. All four fingers filled her pussy, made her thrust her hips against her hand, made her want to come. She felt the orgasm building and slowed her deliberate movements. 

She wanted this to last forever. She wanted to build to a new level before letting go. In and out, back and forth, up and down. She moved her right hand with such precision, the orgasm built to new heights. Finally, she knew she needed to circle her clit. Using several fingers, she concentrated on that tiny button, feeling the wave of pleasure starting in her feet and moving up her legs. A low growl, from deep in her throat, escaped. Unstoppable now, moving, spreading, filling Ellie with heat as it passed through her, feeling her entire body engulfed in spasms, her breath held, then crying out as the final wave coursed over her. Her fingers rested on her throbbing clit as she fought to breathe again, to focus on anything beside her spasming cunt.

Slowly, she came back to reality, again hearing the music from the cd player, feeling the breeze from the fan. Ah, she was filled with such absolute contentment. Now she was able to think again. And the first item on her agenda was dressing for her date with Ben. 

To Be Continued...