 Disclaimer:

Everyone in this story is 18 years of age or older.

***

"Are you excited for the concert?" Alicia yelled over the sound of the crowd.

"What?" Hazel yelled back.

"I said, are you excited for the concert?"

"Yeah!"

Hazel and Alicia had gotten to the concert just as it was getting started. The pit was already almost full by the time they got there and they had sidled up to the very edge where they could hardly see the band on stage. It was a concert the two of them had been excited for, for almost three months now. They both loved the band a ton and had been looking forward to it for so long. It was amazing to finally be there.

The energy of the crowd was intoxicating. Everyone was yelling and laughing and Hazel couldn't help but laugh along with them. The band came on stage and the crowd struck up a chant. Hazel chanted along with them. 

It was an amazing time being part of the crowd. The band started their first set and the crowd went wild as the drummer started the first song's beat. Hazel had never had this much fun before. She was dancing and laughing and screaming.

Alicia sidled up next to her. "I have to use the bathroom!" she yelled over the music, "I'll be right back!"

"Okay!"

Alicia ran off leaving Hazel on the edge of the pit. She was dancing next to a couple guys that were laughing and having a good time too. One of them was looking at her strangely enough.

He was wearing a simple white t-shirt and jeans and had cropped black hair. He walked over to her and yelled over the music "Hey there! Do you want to try something fun?"

"What do you mean?" Hazel yelled back.

"Come over here and you'll see!"

Hazel shrugged. It would be a bit until Alicia got back and she couldn't see the harm. Part of going to a concert was having fun with strangers. She followed the man back to his friends.

"What did you want to do?" she yelled over the music.

The man didn't answer. Instead he picked her up by her hips and tossed her on top of the crowd! Hazel yelped as she landed on top of the man's friends, they all caught her and started to pass her along to others in the crowd. She was crowdsurfing!

She could feel hundreds of hands roving up and down her body as the crowd passed her along. Supporting her, touching her, feeling her. Hazel was suddenly glad that she'd agreed to wear leggings under her skirt when Alicia had asked her to. She unfortunately was only wearing a tank-top which led to plenty of hands touching her breasts and sides. The touching made her feel alive though. Her entire body felt electric and covered with goosebumps. 

The crowd ended up dropping her off somewhere near the middle. Hazel got set down in the middle of a group of strangers. As soon as the excitement of crowd surfing had worn off, Hazel realized she was stuck in the middle of the pit with a bunch of strangers and far away from Alicia. She tried to push her way through the crowd towards the back but there were just too many people.

She couldn't even text Alicia because she'd left her phone back in the car. It looked like Hazel would be spending the rest of the concert here in the pit whether she liked it or not. At least the view was good.

The concert was amazing. For the next four songs, Hazel danced and sang and cheered with the rest of the crowd. She even high fived one of the girls nearby. 

At the beginning of the fifth song, Hazel felt someone's rough hands grab her by the hips and pull her body into his. She tried to spin around but the man's hands held her fast against his body. She looked up to see a guy in his mid twenties grinning down at her. He had tousled blond hair and a nice looking face, and Hazel couldn't deny that she enjoyed the feel of his hands on her hips.

"Hey!" the man yelled over the music. "My name's Caleb!"

"Hazel!"

"Would you like to dance Hazel?" 

Hazel just nodded. He spun her around and they grabbed each other's hands and started to dance a sloppy sort of half-drunk dance. Caleb was a much better dancer than Hazel and he managed to spin her around and tip her in all sorts of ways. Every time he did, Hazel laughed even more.

As the fifth song closed, Caleb leaned in a kissed her on the lips. She melted against his body and enjoyed the kiss whie he held her tight against his chest. His tongue slipped into her mouth and she bunched up his shirt in her hands.

When the sixth song started Caleb spun her around so they were both facing the stage. He started grinding against her ass. Hazel could feel his cock rubbing up and down her ass, even through her skirt and her leggings. His hands explored her front. First feeling up and down her stomach, then his left hand slowly drifted up to feel her breast.

Hazel was enjoying every moment of it too. The way he touched her made her feel electric. Caleb's right hand drifted down her stomach towards the hem of her skirt. Hazel's breath caught in her throat. 

The tip of his finger poked at the hem, lifting it up just a bit. Then he slid his hand in. Even with her leggings and panties between his hand and her pussy, Hazel's body felt on fire at his touch. He started to rub his fingers in small circles on her soft mound.

Every inch of Hazel's inch was enflamed by his touch. She was so horny by now. Hazel spun around so he was facing her and wrapped one leg around his waist and pulled him close to her. She could feel her hot breasts pressed against his chest. His erection poked into her waist. His lips locked on her own and they started to make out.

Caleb loosened her leg around his waist. She pulled away from his lips to ask him what he was doing but found out right away when he pulled down his jeans and his dick popped out. He pulled her back close to him so that his bare cock rested against her leggings under her skirt.

He kissed her on the lips and then whispered in her ear, "I want you to touch me babe."

Then he pulled her close to him and kissed her like there was no tomorrow. While they were making out, Hazel wrapped her leg back around him. She worked one of her hands down between them and began to masturbate him. Every now and again she'd rub her pussy against his cock through her leggings. He was so hard right now and she loved the feel of his cock in her hands.

She pulled away from his kiss for a moment. "I need to feel you inside of me." she panted in his ear.

He nodded his head. Too horny to speak coherently. She rubbed herself against his body, not caring if anyone saw them. Caleb trailed his hands down her waist to her hips and let them slip under her skirt. He left goosebumps across her skin whereever he touched Hazel.

His fingers probed around her leggings, brushing against her pussy. Then he tored a hole in her leggings right where her vagina was. Hazel gasped at the sheer ferocity of it but Caleb only looked at her with lust in his eyes. He shifted her panties aside and then lined his cock up with her wet pussy. The head of his cock resting against her entrance, just a push away from fucking her. 

Caleb ran his hands up and down her thighs and looked her in the eyes. Waiting. Hazel nodded. Caleb pulled her close to him, impaling her on his cock. Hazel gasped out loud as he filled her completely. 

It wasn't until now she realized exactly what they were doing. They were fucking in public. Caleb's cock was deep inside her. The thought only made Hazel hornier.

Caleb fucked her with little regard for her sake. He went in and out at his own pace. Hazel couldn't help but feel turned on at the thought of being his little fuckdoll. The way he held her, the way he fucked her. God, it was enough to make her cum.

He was fucking her so hard Hazel felt herself lean backwards, resting her back against another girl's back for support. The girl seemed to ignore her for now, too intent on the music too care about someone behind her. 

Caleb wasn't even pretending not to fuck Hazel at this point. He drove in and out of her at a fevered pace and Hazel noticed they had a couple onlookers at this point. They gawked and pointed. She enjoyed the way they looked at her. Hazel leaned backwards to show off her bouncing breasts better.

The girl she was leaning on turned around suddenly opening her mouth to say something. As soon as she saw what was going on, whatever she was going to say died in her throat. Hazel grinned at the girl. The girl turned back around.

Caleb leaned forward, "I'm going to cum soon." 

Hazel gasped back, "Make sure you pull out. I'm not on the pill."

Caleb thrust into her again. "But where will I cum then?"

Hazel was about to answer when Caleb hit her g-spot. Her entire pussy exploded into sensory overload and Hazel couldn't help but let herself fall entirely into the girl's back. The girl caught her but Hazel doubted she was happy about it.

Hazel didn't really care about that. Every part of her body had exploded into bliss while Caleb fucked her pussy. He drove his dick in and out so fast now. She was so fucking wet. Her pussy clenched down hard on his cock and she came.

It was the best thirty seconds of Hazel's life. Cumming all over a stranger's cock while he fucked her in front of a live audience. She'd never expected this to be something she wanted but God it was so hot.

She slowly came down from her orgasm, panting into Caleb's ear, when she felt his cock spasm inside her pussy. He slowed down his fucking and buried himself deep in her wet pussy. She felt his cock spasm once, twice, then he came. Hazel could feel his hot seed spurt all inside of her pussy. Filling her up until he was satisfied. 

Breathing hard, Caleb pulled out and pulled his pants back up. He reached into his back pocket and pulled out a slip of paper with a number on it. "Call me!"

Then he wandered off into the crowd. Leaving Hazel with cum dripping out of her pussy, wripped leggings, and a crowd full of onlookers that had all just watched her get fucked.