 Ellie walked through the lobby, sure many of the patrons knew what she had been doing. She felt wicked and naughty. She also felt very, very sexy! She walked to her car, sliding in and starting the ignition. As she was about to pull out, she saw her husband, Dale, walking toward her. 

"I saw your car as I drove by and thought I might join you. I guess I am too late. How was the movie?" he asked.

Ellie just stared at him, her eyes wide, her mind a mass of different answers, none of them sounding right. As she stammered and stuttered, Dale laughed.

"Never mind. I know what you did." Ellie blushed and began to frame denials. 

"You fell asleep again, didn't you? Guess I wore you out last night. Probably not a good day to go to a dark theater and sit alone!" he chuckled.

Relieved, Ellie smiled at him. "Yes, you know me. Leave me alone in the dark and I'm asleep! I honestly don't remember more than the first few minutes. I do know it was a war movie, but that's about it."

Dale walked around the car and slipped into the passenger seat. "I have been thinking about you all day, Ellie. Last night was wonderful. It's possibly a new beginning for us, a new start to our marriage and our life. Let's not allow that to slip away. Let's continue on this path, this dance, that is happening to us, please. I love you so much and I promise to show you, to try harder to help you believe it." 

He moved closer, slipping his fingers into her hair and cupping her cheek. He kissed her, his tongue eagerly pushing into her mouth, playing games with hers. His fingers slid down her neck, crushing the pretty blue shirt under his palm as he caressed her full breast, feeling her nipple harden against him. She moaned into his mouth. His hand continued its path, moving down her side, to her skirt, pulling it out of his way.

Ellie had the presence of mind to stop him. "Let's go home, Dale. We can be alone and make love. I want you so very much." And she did. She wanted him with all of herself. Maybe he was right, maybe they could start new, start fresh. He could teach her what she wanted to learn. Maybe Ben was the catalyst that would make her marriage the one she had always dreamed about.

Dale kissed her one final time, promising to meet her at home. He walked to his car, waved jauntily, and pulled out of the parking lot. She followed him, her mind racing. She really hadn't done anything terrible with Ben yet. Nothing irreparable. Being with Ben was exciting, but it was also something that could destroy many lives. Her existence was tied to Dale, her marriage, her children, her past and future. She owed it to everyone to see if this could be the turning point. Maybe the entire dance with Ben had occured so she could reach this moment with her own husband and see the path clearly before her.

At home, Dale was already inside. She parked in the garage, and he walked out to meet her. He had started getting comfortable, his feet bare, his shirt untucked. He held her against him, kissing her deeply. God, she loved kissing.

He was very good at it, making her melt against him. He was strong, his arms supporting her as he ravaged her mouth. Actually, Ellie would gladly have made love right there, but Dale had other plans.

He guided them into the house, stopping in the living room, sinking into the couch and pulling Ellie onto his lap. She could feel his erect cock, pressing against her, throbbing. Her light gauze skirt felt nearly nonexistent between them. He continued to kiss and nibble her, taking his time, not rushing anything. His hands roamed over her, making her nipples hard and achy, her breasts feeling too full for the tiny bra. When he finally began undressing her, he seemed to be moving in slow motion, the clothes taking forever to disappear. But then, that had been her complaint, that things were too fast before, too quick. She liked this side of Dale much better. He was being very sensual, very tantalizing. She relaxed against him, enjoying the slow seduction he was performing. 

"So, tell me about your day, Ellie. Tell me your thoughts on our night and how you felt this morning," he breathed into her ear. She smiled, wondering how much of her day he really wanted to know, shaking her head at her thoughts. 

"Let me show you what I've been doing," she giggled. She stood up, taking his hand and leading him into the computer room. She sat in the chair, turning on the computer and clicking her way to the section of pictures she had taken this morning.

She moved out of the chair, offering it to Dale. He sat and began looking at the pictures. First, the shy ones, with her dressed and embarassed. Then the ones where she began playing coyly with the camera, teasing and flirting with it. Slowly, he looked at each one. The red teddie. Her nipples. Her curlies. She watched in amazement as her fingers were inside of her. Then they were in her own mouth, her eyes closed with pleasure. She had downloaded them, but not looked closely, still a little shy about them. Now she saw how erotic they were. Her already wet pussy began to drip, juices running down her thighs.

Dale seemed totally mesmerized. He studied each shot, watching his wife becoming more relaxed, more comfortable with herself. He wasn't sure what had made the difference, but he was grateful to whatever it was. Damn! The red teddie, open, her nipples exposed! He looked at her thick, brown curlies, feeling them again against his lips. He loved them. The scent, the texture, the incredible lushness of them.

The next shot shocked him. No curlies! A smooth pussy, no hair, just soft-looking skin, bare, childlike. Then the next picture, a woman's cunt! These pictures were so erotic. He could feel his engorged cock, tight inside his jeans, needing release. His wife, his pretty, shy wife, stood beside him, apparently just as enraptured by the pictures.

He reached around her hips, pulling her close, inhaling her scent. Light vanilla and excited woman. She moved around him, settling on his knee, still staring at the screen and her images. She felt again the deep excitement of taking those pictures, of exposing herself and her feelings to the camera.

Against her thigh, she could feel his throbbing cock. She stood, pulling him to his feet. She pulled his shirt off, marveling again at his toned, muscular chest. She couldn't resist kissing him, licking his taut skin and sucking on his tiny, erect nipples. He moaned aloud, grabbing her head, encouraging her to continue. She twisted away and reached for his belt, unbuckling it, unzipping his pants. Ellie pulled everything down with one gesture, gasping at the size and color of his massive erection. He stepped out of his clothes, returning to the desk chair, his dick standing straight. She sat again on his lap, the gauze clinging to his wetness, capturing him. 

"This will never do," he said. He stood Ellie up and reached for her skirt band. He unbuttoned and unzipped, sliding the soft material over her hips, happily surprised to find no panties. Her shaved pussy was nearly level with his face and he couldn't resist burying his face there, feeling the smoothness against his cheek, the slit wet and swollen. Now he pulled her onto his lap again, feeling her naked ass against his muscular thigh. He carefully examined the last pictures, seeing Ellie's face, flushed from orgasm, her eyes dreamily unfocused. He loved this new Ellie. He loved the way she was comfortable with her sensuality and her body. He kissed her bare back, pressing his cheek to her skin, feeling her heart pounding excitedly. He started to stand, to move to the bedroom, but Ellie stopped him.

"Stay here, Dale. Make love to me here. I want you now and I don't want to wait a second more." With that, she turned in his lap, straddling him and lowering herself down onto his erect cock. Despite the fact that he was huge, engorged and red, he slid easily into her ready pussy. She moved slowly, letting him slip in, stretch her more every second. He could hear her wetness, feel her pinkness wrap around him and clutch him inside her. Her arms were around his neck, her mouth covering his, molding to his. Her tongue traced his lips, sliding in and out of the tender corners, inciting him even more. She lifted her hips, slamming them down, filling herself with him, enjoying his heat and strength. Her tongue played with his, touching, retreating, teasing, wantonly encouraging him to join in. her full breasts pressed to his chest, her nipples digging into him. She rubbed them against him, enjoying the roughness of him. And through it all, her hips continued the dance, the ebb and flow, the give and take, the in and out, the back and forth. She moaned into his mouth, uttering words that inflamed his lust, making him lose contact with the present and just strive to be satisfied. 

Now Ellie moved specifically, massaging her engorged clit against his erect shaft. It was selfish, but she needed it. She needed to come now. He suckled her nipples while she rode him, her clit in constant contact with his cock. Her breathing stopped as she froze in mid-air, the feelings suddenly too intense to bear. Her orgasm tore through her, her hands clutching Dale's head, holding him close to her breasts as her inner pinkness throbbed around his dick, moving him even closer to his own explosion. He felt her copious juices running down his cock, wetting his thighs and making everything even more exciting. Her words and cries pierced the air as she came. 

When her orgasm subsided, and she relaxed against him, kissing him tenderly, she smiled at him and thanked him. Then, once again, she began the dance of hips interacting, the delicious cock-riding that took him to the edge of pleasure. This time, she took him beyond. He was unable to stop, unable to control the excitement she caused in his body. He held her tightly, feeling his balls tightening and his cock swelling. Then the come poured into her. She continued to move her hips up and down on his spasming member, milking it and massaging it with her inner muscles.

Spent, they clutched each other, listening to breathing as it deepened, feeling hearts as they slowed, touching skin as it cooled. 

The decision was made. The dance was committed. Ellie belonged to Dale. 

She was content at last.