 Chapter 6: Saddle Up

The horse's nostrils flared as it launched itself over another jump. As its hooves pounded back down into the dirt they threw up dust clouds that quickly dissipated. The cool air of the brisk autumn afternoon made the horse's breath visible as it escaped its nostrils. Danger's cousin, Josh, was riding the horse, guiding it around the course with almost expert skill. Danger was sitting in the modest wooden bleachers positioned beside the course and next to the stable. Josh had been riding for well over ten years had been becoming one of the best young riders around. For his part, Danger was never very interested with horses or anything equestrian, although he had to admit that bouncing up and down in the saddle tended to make a girl a little more promiscuous than she might normally be, but Danger had yet to use this to his advantage.

Josh was now in the practice ring letting his horse cool down before putting it back in the stable. He was about to go down to the ring to talk to his cousin when another rider appeared in the main ring. Danger stopped in his track and gazed at the young woman who was now guiding her horse around the ring. She was shorter, maybe 5'6" or so, petite, about 110 pounds, her cheekbones were high and pronounced, her chin just slightly pointed and shoulder length brown hair with a blonde streak on the right side. She was almost the definition of cute. Her riding jacket covered her small but very perky breasts and her tight riding pants showed off her toned legs. Danger lingered a bit watching her bounce in the saddle before heading to the practice ring to meet his cousin.

Josh was taking his horse into the barn when Danger met up with him. They proceeded to put the horse back in its stall and Josh was setting about feeding him when suddenly, she was walking past with her horse.

"Hi, Josh," she said, her voice almost melodic.

"Oh, hey Autumn," Josh replied as he dumped some feed into the horse's trough. The casualness of the reply made Danger start. "Great day for riding." They continued their conversation for a few moments. Josh knew Autumn as he knew almost all the other riders. She seemed to ignore Danger until Josh introduced him. "This is my cousin, Danger."

"Hello," she replied with a sly smile that hinted to Danger that he may have an opportunity to get some action. "Anyway, I'll see ya round, Josh."

Josh nodded his acknowledgement and returned to whatever he was doing as she walked away. Danger on the other hand had his eyes glued to her ass, which was probably fine on its own but those tight riding pants made it look all that much better. "Who was that?" he asked immediately.

Knowing Danger's reputation, Josh was a little reluctant to answer but eventually it was pried out of him. "Her name is Autumn Stone. She's been riding here since before I started. She's twenty-eight I think, had a few boyfriends but nothing serious.'

Josh finished up his usual post-ride activities and he had a few errands to run before returning home so he and Danger parted at the stable. Danger knew exactly where he was going. He wandered the stable for several minutes before he spotted her. She was still attired in her riding gear and was using a pitchfork to throw hay into her horse's stall. She had removed her jacket leaving Danger with an unobstructed view of her firm ass as the her tight riding pants clung to it and ever so slightly had started creeping into the crack between her cheeks.

Danger opened the conversation with, "So how long have you known my cousin, Josh?"

"Oh, hi," she started back, "well I was here before he came along. I guess that was about five or six years ago." Autumn was hoping that Danger would find her and now she tried to hide her satisfaction.

As they continued talking Autumn kept noticing how Danger's eyes would keep scanning over her body. He couldn't help but look at her strong, toned legs encased in the tight pants and her perky breasts held in perfect location by the tight shirt and sports bra underneath. Secretly it was turning her on to know that she could still attract the interest of younger guys even though she was now twenty-eight. She always found that bouncing in the saddle made her horny as her clit was mashed into the saddle on every bounce. The tights pants seemed to make the effect last longer as they fit tightly through her crotch. She often went riding late on Saturday afternoons before going out dancing at the bars and trying to pick up, which she didn't have to try very hard to do. But today the guy had come to her at the stable and she wanted him. Being late in the afternoon the stable complex was practically barren and Autumn knew a few secluded places in which one could get friendly.

"Would you like a tour of the stables?" Autumn asked after Danger had said he hadn't seen all that much of the buildings. Her intention of course was to lure him into the nearest secluded space and get friendly, very friendly. While walking through one barn they came upon a ladder that led to an overhead loft.

"You can get a good view from up there," Autumn said as she began climbing the wooden ladder. Danger followed behind and his eyes were glued to her ass which was just inches from his face. The loft was a large open space with dozens of hay bales stacked against the far wall. In one corner were two walls that formed a small room.

Starting towards the room, Autmun called back in a voice that completely disguised her intentions, "This is the best part of the tour." She opened the door and Danger went in ahead of her. He noticed that her nipples had begun to harden and had started poking at the fabric of her shirt. Autumn followed him and closed and locked the door. Danger was confused as he looked around the small room. There was hay scattered on the floor and a few bales in the corner. There was a small window high on one of the walls through which the sun streamed. He turned to ask Autumn what made this room the best part of the tour and found his answer immediately.

Autumn had removed her shirt and tossed it aside and kissed him passionately on the lips. As they embraced Danger undid the clasp of her bra and pulled it down off of her arms and his hands immediately went to her tits, pinching and rolling her hard nipples. Then he started sliding down her body, planting a kiss the side of her neck, each nipple, and her flat stomach. He knelt and began peeling her tight riding pants off her hips and down her legs placing kisses on the crotch of her black cotton underwear as he did so. When he struck her clit, she threw her head back and a pleasurable moan escaped her lips. When he had pulled her pants down to the tops of her boots she stepped away and removed them. She then went around Danger and sat on one of the hay bales savouring the feeling of the rough hay against her swollen pussy lips. She wore a devilish smile as she gestured to him to come over.

Danger walked up to her pulling his shirt off as he went. She immediately went for the snap on his jeans and opened them and pulled his nine-inch cock out of his boxers. She stroked slowly for a few moments admiring its size and the big purple head that she knew would soon be driving into her hungry cunt. Then she bent forward and slipped the head of Danger shaft into her warm mouth and began t ickling its underside with her tongue. Danger felt as though he might cum immediately but he held it in as Autumn took his hole nine inches into her mouth pushing his jeans and boxers down so she could grab his ass. Her tongue covered every square millimetre of the bottom and sides of Danger's cock and it wasn't long she started squeezing his balls that Danger warned her he was going to cum. Autumn kept bobbing up and down on his cock and when his cock released an explosion of hot cum she swallowed every drop of it.

After she removed her mouth from his dick Danger knelt in front of Autumn and grasped the waistband of her panties and pulled them off her. He immediately dove into her dripping snatch with his tongue forcing her onto her back with moans of ecstasy. As Danger expertly worked his tongue in and out of her box Autumn was fondling her tits encouraging her orgasm to come faster. The sharp ends of the hay scratched the smooth, silky skin of her back causing her to arch her back driving her cunt down onto Danger's waiting tongue. Her juices started to flow freely down into her Danger's face and that made him work even harder on her box finally bringing her to orgasm that made her sit up straight. Danger pulled his face away from her snatch and they kissed passionately.

"Fuck me now!" she demanded and Danger was more than happy to fulfill her request. He pulled her off the hay bale and flipped her over so she was kneeling in front of it with her torso on its top, her tits pressed hard against the rough hay beneath them. Danger nestled the head of his nine-inch shaft between the soft lips of her pussy. He took a firm grasp of her hips and started pushing in. He easily slid into her wet box and was soon humping her at a vigorous pace. Autumn was gripping the side of the hay bale as Danger cock rammed in and out of her cunt. Her sensitive nipples scraped against the rough hay causing sensations of pain and pleasure, but Autumn was only concentrating on pleasure and how good Danger's cock felt pounding into cunt at a fever pitch. She could feel another crashing orgasm approaching as Danger's balls swung forward and slapped her clit on each thrust. Danger easily had the biggest cock that had ever been inside her and she could feel the walls of her pussy stretch slightly to accommodate him. For his part, Danger loved the tightness of her pussy. It gripped his dick so tight he was expecting to cum any moment.

Autumn began to kneel up as her orgasm approached. Danger's hands left her curvy hips and began running over he silky smooth skin. he teased her clit, tickled her belly-button, cupped her firm breasts before finally pinching her nipples which put her over the edge. She clasped her hands onto his ass and tried to push him even deeper into her body. Her cunt clenched Danger's cock so hard that it become diificult to pull back and drive into her. Once Autumn's pussy juices began to increase Danger was able to resume his pace and within seconds she was in the midst of a massive orgasm which made her scream in ecstacy.

Once their orgasms subsided Danger pulled his cock out of Autumn gripping cunt. She immediately stumbled to her feet trying to gain her balance. She walked over to a small bench and straddled it, savouring the feel of the cool wood against her abused box. She took a few moments to compose herself before looking back over her shoulder at Danger. he was sitting on the floor leaning against the hay bale on which he had just fucked his hot new friend. Autumn stared at his cock which was still at about eight inches and still hard.

"Get dressed and follow me," she said as she pulled herslef up from the bench and headed for her discarded clothing. She gingerly pulled on her panties and riding pants and pulled her tight shirt on leaving her bra on the floor. Once Danger was dressed, the two headed out of the small room and down the ladder to the main level. Autumn revelled in the feel of her tits bouncing slightly in her tight shirt, the absence of her bra allowed her nipples to rub against the fabric of the shirt which made them rock hard. They were almost poking out of her shirt as she reached the bottom of the ladder. The stables were virtually deserted now. Autumn couldn't hear anyone else around except for the horses, and as she led Danger through the building they saw no one. The two walked in silence with Autumn a few paces ahead of Danger almost completely enraptured with the feel of the fabric of her shirt grinding against her sensitive nipples.

Finally they reached their destination nestled in the back of the stable complex. It was another small room in the corner of a larger one, but once inside Danger realized why Autumn had brought him here. In one corner someone had installed a standup shower.

Autumn quickly pulled her shirt over head and began peeling her riding pants from her legs. Danger felt his prick harden as he watched more of her smooth skin appear from underneath her clothes. Danger locked the door to the small room and began to remove his clothes. As he finished he heard running water and looked to see Autumn standing naked in the shower. Her hair was wet and slicked down the back of her head, water streamed down her body causing it to shimmer slightly. Her rock hard nipples caused the water to bounce off of her body when it hit them. Danger joined her in the shower and stood behind her and began to run his hands over her tits, gently squeezing her sensitive nipples before letting his hands fall to her crotch and began teasing her clit. A moan escaped Autumn's lips as Danger fingers drew nearer to dripping pussy. Her knees bucked slightly as he inserted a finger into her snatch. As he fingered her with one hand, Danger grabbed a bar of soap with the other and began rubbing over and between her perky tits. She squirmed in his arms as the bar of soap played over her nipples. The soap then slid down her flat stomach to the top of her slit, stimulating her erect clit. Danger removed his finger from her dripping snatch and began massaging it with the soap parting her lips with just the corner, letting the long edge rub continuously against her clit until he felt her come.

Once her orgasm subsided, Autumn quickly turned and dropped to her knees taking Danger's cock into her mouth. Her tongue played expertly over the bottom of his cock occasionally flickling back at the top of his balls. She quickly brought Danger to the brink of orgasm. As his cock began to jerk in her mouth she withdrew his shaft and began jacking it furiously with her right hand. Within seconds Danger's cock began firing jets of hot cum onto her chest and tits. She began rubbing it into her tits with her left hand raising it to her mouth periodically to lick strands of hot jizz from her fingers.

After methodically cleaning her fingers and Danger's cock, Autumn stood and turned into the water to wash the cum from her chest. As she did Danger slipped his hand between her slightly parted legs and began rubbing her slit again slipping his fingers inside her snatch. The sudden sensation between her legs caused her to raise up on the balls of her feet and grab the shower pipe causing her slim, naked body to stretch out. Danger quickly moved and nestled his cock between the soft lips of her pussy and began to push into her. Autumn began to grind her ass back into Danger's crotch, meeting his every thrust into her body. Danger clapped his hands on Autumn's tits, rubbing every square centimetre and pinching and rolling her nipples.

Autumn quickly began moaning with ecstacy and grinding harder back into Danger's crotch. Beads of sweat began forming on her firm body but were washed away immediately by the shower. Danger held back as long as he could but soon he was shooting more hot cum into her body.

After draining himself in her snatch, Danger pulled out and the two washed each other off methodically. Danger paid special attention to her firm tits and swollen cunt, while Autumn made sure every inch of Danger's cock was clean, using her own version of a spit shine where necessary. After the two were clean they stepped out of the shower, towelled off and got dressed.

"I've got to meet some friends tonight, but I really think you should come to see your cousin ride more often," Autumn said as she finished pulling her shirt over her braless tits hoping that she would remember to retrieve her bra from the loft.

As he left Danger came to the realization that coming to visit Josh may not be as boring as he once thought.