 Chapter 12: Farmgirl Lust Part 2

The sun streaming through her window woke Heidi from her dream in which she was reliving the night before when Danger had brought her to orgasm after orgasm. She shot a glance at the alarm clock next to the bed and saw it was time to get up and start the day. Before falling asleep last night she had thought of another way to enjoy Danger before he left that evening. She knew he would be game for it so all she had to do know was get her chores done in time to put her plan into action. She was shaken out of her reverie by a sharp knock on her bedroom door. Heidi snapped the covers up to her shoulders to hide her naked body.

"Heidi," the voice of her aunt Carol called out, "hurry up and get your chores done. Danger's downstairs having his breakfast now and I have to run into town to do some errands. I should be back by lunch!" her aunt's voice trailed off as she headed back down stairs. Heidi threw the covers back and climbed out of bed. She retrieved her bath robe from the closet door, wrapped it around herself and headed downstairs to the kitchen. As she walked in she head Carol heading out the door. Danger was sitting back on to her eating and reading the paper. She walked over the cupboard and took down a box of cereal and walked over to the table getting Danger's attention.

"Hey, how are you this morning?" Danger asked as she fiddled with the knot in the belt of her robe, it was coming undone and she was trying to retie it but her fingers hadn't woken up enough yet to handle the task. "You don't have to bother with that," Danger commented, "I've already seen you naked." With that Heidi chuckled slightly and quickly pulled robe open for a few seconds flashing her naked body for Danger. Her nipples had stiffened slightly from rubbing against the fabric of the robe and now that they had been exposed to the cool air they popped up to their full size. Her brown pussy hair was still matted with her pussy juice down near her clit.

"Sorry, show's over for now," Heidi said with a grin as she sat down to eat her breakfast. "Everybody else out in the field?"

"Yeah, you're aunt said we weren't woken up since George didn't need us in the field at six in the morning," Danger responded somewhat relieved. They spent the rest of breakfast chatting and near the end Heidi dropped a hint that she had something else planned. As much as Danger pried he couldn't get it out of her.

After they finished eating and put their dishes in the sink Heidi seductively starting loosing her robe again. "How about a quick shower?" she asked with a devilish grin. Danger grinned back as his eyes strayed down to her robe and he quickly grabbed a hold of the back of it and tried to pull Heidi towards him. But she was able to wriggle out of the robe and ran naked from the kitchen down the short hallway towards the stairs. Her tight ass cheeks jiggled slightly as she bounced across the room. Danger tore after her and caught up to her in the upstairs hall as he wrapped his arms around her chest trapping her arms and began kissing her neck and shoulder causing her to giggle as his kisses tickled her smooth skin. She turned in his arms and kissed, driving her tongue into his mouth before slowly relieving him of his clothes. 

They jumped in the shower and Heidi tried to turn on the water while fending off Danger whose hands were all over her body. As she got the water running at the right temperature, she stood up and immediately Danger's tight hand was on her right tit and his left hand was between her legs rubbing her clit. After enjoying his hands on her a for a while, Heidi managed to turn herself around in his arms before dropping to her knees and taking his hard cock into her warm mouth. She dragged her tongue along the bottom of his shaft making sure to tease the head at the end of each stroke. Her right hand was around the base of his cock and her left was slowly massaging and squeezing his balls encouraging them to release their hot seed. She kept sucking his cock until she felt it go rigid and start to jerk slightly in her hand at which point she removed form her mouth and jacked him off with her hand, aiming his dick at her chest. Danger's cum then shot out and splattered on her soft tits and with her free hand she rubbed all over her chest squeezing her nipples each time she past over one of them. Some of the cum splashed up on her chin and lips which she eagerly licked away with her tongue.

Once Danger's cock ceased firing Heidi turned into the stream of water and washed of all the cum that remained on her tits. She then grabbed the soap and began lathering up Danger's body. When she had finished Danger returned the favor. He rubbed his hands slowly over her wet, naked body making sure he covered every square inch of her perfect flesh. Once they were both finished washing each other Heidi bent over to turn off the water and Danger made a move to get his cock between her legs. But when she felt his head probing at her pussy lips, she quickly stood and turned to face him.

"You're not getting any of that just yet," she said. "You'll have to wait for your surprise. That is of course if we can get enough of the chores done." She quickly hopped out of the shower and wrapped a towel around her naked body and went to her bedroom to get changed. With his cock aching for more action, Danger reluctantly did the same.

By this time the animals were getting hungry waiting for their breakfast so Danger quickly set about getting them all fed. As she worked his away around the farm he would occasionally see Heidi who would throw him a wink and a kiss. She was wearing the cut-offs she had been wearing the day before, but the white the tank top had been replaced with a light blue slinglet which displayed the straps of her white bra beneath.

After finishing with feeding the animals, Danger checked the list of chores that George had left for him. The list wasn't that long, but Danger knew it would seem longer than it really was because of the anticipation of what Heidi had planned. His first task was to wash out some old feed buckets that were stacked in the main barn. Danger uncoiled the garden hose and began rinsing the crud off them. He had noticed that Heidi had been tending to a flower bed next to the house. She hadn't seen him since she was crouched over back on and she hadn't heard him since she had her headphones on. Danger quietly creeped up behind her and turned the hose on her back. Heidi jumped up and screamed in surprise, she then made the mistake of trying to get the hose away from Danger, giving him the opportunity to entirely soak the front of her shirt.

"You bastard!" Heidi yelled after Danger finished spraying her. She started for the door of the house to get changed and as she passed him she gave him an evil smile and said, "I'll get you back. Just wait." With that she disappeared into the house.

After laughing himself silly, Danger finished rinsing out the buckets and recoiled the hose and put it away. As he came out of the barn to continue on to his task Heidi came out of the house. She had her hair pulled back into a ponytail and was wearing the cut-offs and white tank top from the day before. She caught sight of him as well and gave him a glare that let him know that she was acting angry but really wasn't.

"Just thought I'd cool you off a bit. You looked awfully warm," Danger teased as he walked by. In response he got a punch in the shoulder.

Danger next task went quickly, he had to move a pile of stones that had fallen out of an old wall into one of the fields. As he approached the house he noticed that the distant noise of the chainsaws had turned into the not so distant noise of the men returning for lunch. When he arrived in the yard he saw the guys setting out the picnic tables and he gave them a hand. As lunch was served Danger and Heidi became seated at opposite ends of the long table, but they were on opposite sides so they could still make eye contact.

Danger's friends were telling him about the work they were doing and that it was turning out to be an enjoyable experience, but he was hardly paying any attention to them. Heidi had his undivided attention even though she was at the other end of the table. He kept thinking about the surprise she had in store if they finished early. All Danger had left to do was feed the animals again and he was free. As she watched her eat he started daydreaming about what the surprise could be, but his reverie was interrupted by Drew smacking him on the arm asking if he was paying attention. Danger turned to him and pretended that he had been listening.

As Carol began clearing away the dishes form lunch Heidi pulled Danger aside and asked him how much work he had left to do. He told her he just had to feed the animals again and he was done for the day. For her part, Heidi just had to help her aunt clear the dishes and finish weeding the flower bed in front of the house and she could go. The time was now 1:30 so they agreed to meet in the main barn at about 2:00 at which point Danger hoped he would no longer be in suspense.

With the schedule set Danger hurriedly set off to feed the animals. He made his rounds in record time and was finished with about ten minutes remaining before two o'clock. he tried to sit and wait patiently for Heidi but it was impossible for him to sit still. At about five minutes to two Heidi arrived and said she had finished the flower bed and had to pop inside for a few minutes. Danger spent another agonizingly long five minutes waiting before Heidi reappeared carrying a knapsack over her left shoulder.

"Ready to go?" she asked.

"Go where?" Danger replied.

"Just follow me," Heidi said with a grin and with that she set off towards the house with Danger close behind, his eyes glued to her tight ass encased in her tight cut-offs. She led him around behind the house and through the corn field toward the where the stones had fallen out of the old wall. "I accidentally knocked these loose the last time I was through here," she remarked as they climbed over the pile Danger had created directly behind the hole. Once successfully over the stones the pair trudged deeper off into the woods. Eventually even the distant noise of the chainsaws faded away leaving only the normal forest noises. "Where we're going isn't much farther," Heidi called out as Danger was just about to ask how much longer they would be trudging through the forest.

After a few more minutes Danger thought he heard the sound of running water. As the path twisted around and between a few more clusters of tree, it came along side of a small brook about twenty feet wide. Rocks of all shapes and sizes poked up through the surface of the water creating miniature waterfalls and whirlpools. After following the path around a bend in the river, Heidi stopped and waited for Danger to catch up; he had been a few paces behind so that he could look at her ass. When he was beside her she pointed a large pool that had formed to the near side of the river and explained that the pool was their destination. After another hundred metres of the path Heidi jumped down into the gravel and smaller boulders that littered the rivers shore and made her way up to the pool. It was separated from the shore by a thin offshoot of the main river and it was a decent size as the river almost doubled in width at this particular spot.

"What do you think?" Heidi asked as she dropped the knapsack to the rocky ground.

Danger looked around taking in everything he saw. The pool was partially covered by the larger branches of the trees on the bank. On tree had started to fall over and hung straight across the pool about four feet above the water. The forest was quite dense in the area around the pool and the river had bends close to the pool both up and down stream.

"It looks like a perfectly, secluded swimming hole," Danger said.

"Perfectly, secluded, private swimming hole," Heidi replied, "My uncle owns this land and it's fenced off so no one can get in." After finishing her sentence she grabbed the bottom of her tank top and pulled off revealing the top of her white bikini. "I've been coming here to go swimming for years," she added as she undid the snap and zipper of her cut-offs before letting them fall to the ground revealing the bottoms of her bikini. "There's a suit for you in the knapsack," she said as she kicked her shorts away and took off her shoes before wading into the river, crossing the small off shoot and jumping into the pool. She swam all the across before standing up and turning to face the shore again. "It's a little chilly, but it's not bad. Hurry up and change and come on in!"

Danger stripped down to his boxers before digging the suit out of the knapsack. He stood there with it in his hand for a couple of seconds looking at it. Heidi had swam back to the near side of the pool and asked him what he was waiting for. Danger looked at her and noticed how her white bikini top was becoming wet and he could clearly make out the outline of her hardening nipples. His cock was also hardening and twitched a bit at the sight of her wet body.

"I was just wondering if I really need a suit," he replied before quickly dropping his boxers and lunging into the river after Heidi. When the cool water hit his cock it grew to its full nine inches almost immediately. Heidi gave a brief scream and began swimming across the pool making Danger chase her down. About to two thirds of the way across the pool he managed to grab her ankle and started pulling her towards him. he then grabbed the back of her bikini bottoms and started pulling them off. "And if I don't need a suit, then neither do you."

"I guess not," Heidi agreed as she kicked the bottom half of her bikini free of her legs and then wrapped them around Danger's waist, plunging her tongue into his mouth. Danger hands quickly undid the clasp of her bikini top letting it slide down her wet body into the water. As their kiss broke Heidi ground her crotch against Danger's rock hard cock and said, "Surprise."

Heidi then slipped out of Danger's embraced and swam over to where the tree leaned over the pool. "This is in such a convenient place," she commented as she carefully stood up on a rock and leaped and grabbed a branch of the tree. Her body was now stretched out completely as she hung from the branch. Drops of water ran down her slim, naked body until they hit the water line. Danger waded over to her and she lifted her legs and draped them over his shoulders giving him easy access to her pink slit. Danger squeezed her ass cheeks and poked at her clit with his tongue causing her moan slightly and sway back and forth from the branch. Once he had coaxed her clit all the way out of from its hiding place Danger set his tongue to work on separating her pussy lips. He stretched his tongue back as far as he could and licked the entire length of her slit ending at the base of her light brown bush. He repeated this motion until he felt the tip of his tongue slip between her lips and into her warm cunt. Heidi was now moaning loudly and was grinding her crotch into Danger's face desperately trying to get his tongue further inside her body. he pistoned his tongue in and out of her tight box until she was on the verge of orgasm, then replaced his tongue with two fingers and set his tongue to work on her clit. As her orgasm rippled through her body, Heidi gripped the branch so tight her knuckles were turning white. Her whole body was in spasm and Danger's tongue was ravaging her ultra sensitive clit. Finally she let out an orgasmic scream that scattered the birds from nearby trees as her juices flowed out onto Danger's face and chest.

After her orgasm subsided Danger removed himself from between her legs and crouched down in the water to rinse away her juices. Heidi continued hanging form the branch for a few moments recovering from the intensity of the orgasm. Danger gazed up at her firm tits, slender body, and swollen pussy lips before offering to help her down. She accepted his offer and allowed herself to drop into his waiting arms.

"It's your turn now," she commented as she swap in a small circle in front of him. Danger got the idea and jumped up and grabbed the branch. His cock was right in Heidi's face as she wrapped one hand around the base of the shaft and took his balls in the other. She placed the tip of her tongue between the top of his nuts and slowly licked the underside of his rock hard shaft. When she got to the head she parted her lips and let the large purple globe slip into her mouth. She started to slowly bob her head up and down on his shaft while jacking him off with her hand at the same time. The slow, deliberate manner in which she went donw on him was driving Danger crazy. this was easily one of the best blow jobs he had ever received. Heidi then moved her hands to his ass cheeks and began deep throating his cock. Each time she went down her lips would come right to the very end of his nine inch rod. Her throat muscles tugging at the head of his cock put Danger over the edge in a matter of seconds and he unloaded his hot, thick cum over all the inside of her mouth and throat.

Heidi then released his cock swallowing all of the cum he had deposited in her mouth. Danger released his grip on the branch and fell back into the water and immediately had Heidi in his arms. Her hands went to his flaccid cock and started stroking it back to its full length.

"I'm not done with this yet," she said as she went underwater and took his cock in her mouth again. As Danger's cock finally returned to its rock hard nine inches, Heidi surfaced and swam over to the edge of the pool near a large rock that had a flat, smooth surface. She gestured for Danger to follow her and when they were both next to the rock she said, "I've been fantasizing about some guy with a big cock bending me over this rock and fucking me for years. I guess today's my lucky day." With that she spread herself over the rock, her tits pressing against the cool stone and her legs hanging down in the water, her ass pointed straight at Danger's hungry cock. Danger got the not so subtle hint and immediately moved behind her and nestled the head of his cock at the entrance to her snatch. He rubbed the purple head up and down her slit a number of times making sure he pressed her magic button each time causing her to moan and grind herself into the rock. On his last pass he gently pushed against her and the head of his cock slipped between her swollen lips and the whole length of his cock slid right into her tight box. He started to slowly pump his cock in and out of her slender body. Heidi moaned with pleasure and squeezed her cunt around his cock, savouring the feel of the nine inch shaft sliding in and out of her most sensitive parts.

Once her cunt adjusted to the penetration of his cock, Danger picked up the tempo. He started pistoning his cock in and out of her box and getting all the way on each thrust. Heidi was now moaning louder and louder with each thrust, her hips were starting to buck involuntarily, and her hands gripped the sides of the rock so that her knuckles turned white. When Danger felt her cunt start to spasm, he put his hands on her hips and pulled her back onto his cock each time he thrust inward. Almost instantly Heidi was in the grips of orgasm. She threw her head back and started screaming and grinding her clit against the hard stone. Danger kept humping her pussy and soon she was experiencing multiple orgasms as she had the night before. Her cunt was like a vice on Danger's dick as he started firing hot cum into her soaked pussy.

Eventually Heidi's orgasm ceased and Danger pulled his cock out of her body letting her slide donw the rock and into the water. She cupped her hand over her sensitive mound letting the cool water sooth it. Again she took Danger's cock in her hands and cleaned it off with her tongue. She then waded back to the river bank, climbed out of the water and collapsed on the shore allowing the sun's warm rays to fall over her naked body. Danger followed her out of the river and retrieved a towel from Heidi's knapsack. After drying himself off he knelt beside her and slowly started running the towel over her wet body. he draped the towel over her firm tits and gently tweaked her nipples through the towel causing a low moan to escape her lips. He lifted her arms one at a time and dried from her fingertips down to her shoulders. he then moved down by her feet so that she was lying in front of him. He grasped her right leg by the ankle and lifted it high into the air. He started with her foot and gradually worked his way to her thighs. When the rough edge of the towel fell against her cunt, Heidi jumped a bit but didn't say anything, she merely cupped her hand gently over her pussy mound to protect herself. Danger quickly finished her other leg before packing the towel back in her knapsack and looking at his watch. Unfortunately it was time to leave and head back to the farm.
