 Chapter 01 - Super Girl

It had been an unseasonably warm week, even for California. After all, it was late October and there should have been a chill on in the air at the very least. As it was, the sun had just set and the night was pleasant. A brisk breeze blew through the quiet neighborhood, stirring the leaves on the maples that lined the street every three houses or so. Nice enough that Amy had considered walking to the party. Had it been anything other then a costume party, she might have. After all, it was a mere 2 miles from the front steps of her modest one bedroom home to the house that Kevin and Jake shared and she didn't mind the exercise. It was just that she was worried that she would stand out, especially since most of the costumed people walking up and down the street and ringing door bells were 12 and under or else their parents, most of whom hadn't bothered to dress up for the evening. 

Not that there weren't exceptions, but like her, most of the adults seemed to be headed to parties and had also chosen to drive. And really, it wasn't even that she was in costume, it was just that this particular costume had turned out more daring then she had planned at first. She was a closet nerd who frequented the local comic shop every Wednesday to pick up new titles and Supergirl had been one of her heroines even as a young child. The excuse to be her for even one night had been too good to pass up. She had the figure for it, even if she rarely took advantage of that fact; A slender and athletic build nurtured by her time on both the volley ball and swim teams. Her breasts were on the smaller side, but firm and round with youth, and her waist was small enough that her slim hips and bottom looked fuller then they really were. 

Naturally blonde and blue eyed, she didn't even have to get fancy with a wig to play the part. She'd made the decision moments after receiving her invitation. Yes, she was Supergirl tonight, although a somewhat bashful version. She's taken great pains to make the uniform perfect, from the gold trimmed crimson cape to the matching boots, all based on several of her favorite art, some of which had been somewhat... well, cheesecake came to mind. It had still captured the spirit of Superman's cousin, Kara, and she had secretly thrilled that she might turn heads tonight. 

Trying it on for the first time two nights ago, had left her unsure, but determined to brave it out. The skirt, that looked so perfect on Kara, seemed far to short for comfort, and much to low on her hips and her top hugged her so tight as to be... well, it certainly was form fitting. Suddenly, she was very thankful that it wasn't very cold out. Not only would it make wearing the skimpy outfit uncomfortable, but she realized that any little 'bump' would stand out quite obviously. The last thing she wanted was to be walking around while everyone stared at her nipples. As it was... well, what was done was done. She could always wrap her cape around her torso. She'd worked to hard to make her outfit authentic to back out now and after one or two drinks, maybe she would stop worrying about it so much.

She hurried out to her car in the short drive, and slipped in, noting how the breeze played havoc, not only with her cape, but her skirt. She'd left her purse behind, only taking her wallet and phone in one hand and her keys in the other. Another mistake, seeing as how she spent the entire 10 yards keeping her skirt in place so as not to reveal her matching blue panties. Getting in was another challenge and by the time she had closed the car door, she was giggling nervously and had all but given up on adjusting her skirt so that it was under her thighs rather then pushed up against the back seat of her Toyota Corolla. Ok, so she'd have to be careful sitting down too. She hoped that she'd discovered all the quirks in her choice of costume for the night. 

She arrived fashionably late, and had to park around the corner and about a block and a half up the street. She might have well as walked the entire way, she thought as she hurried down the slight hill, careful not to go too fast, ever mindful of the slight breeze that had picked up since she'd left. She breathed a thankful sigh that the canopy of the trees blocked out some of the glow from the street lights above and cloaked her in shadow. Perfect, she thought. And the party would probably run late, so going home would be easy as well. She glanced at her wrist automatically, before realizing that she had left her watch at home as well. After all, what use did Supergirl have for a watch? If she had to hazard a guess, it was a quarter to nine. The invite had said 8, but it was likely that maybe over half of her fellow invitees hadn't even showed up yet and might not for another 30 or 40 minutes. Hopefully she wouldn't stand out too much before having a drink or two, just enough to relax her inhibitions enough to enjoy herself. 

It was easy enough to pick out Kevin's place as she turned the corner. Carved pumpkins lined the walk, fake tombstone filled the front lawn. There was even a lone ghost looking like he was floating back and forth beneath the oak tree that filled one half of their front yard. And lights... it looked like they'd bought up every orange and red light to string up around the eaves of the house and the tree branches. Shadows moved within the windows, letting her know that there was actually something going on inside, and a little bit of music leaked out. She recognized it as Black Sabbath. Typical. More then likely they'd put a lot of care into making CD's to fit the Halloween theme. She smiled fondly as she finally arrived on the porch, stopped to appreciate the 'bloody corpse' that sat in a lawn chair, a severed head in it's lap, and rang the doorbell.

She was almost immediately greeted and ushered in by Dracula himself, although this vampire seemed to prefer Bud to Blood. In no time at all, she had surrendered her belongings to Jake after gamely letting him nibble on her shoulder and whisper "God, Amy, you look amazing." 

She blushed at his praise, but part of her reveled in it as well. It was nice to hear from time to time. After all, she really worked at it and rarely took advantage of it. She gave him a bright smile as a reward and wandered off towards the kitchen, greeting those she recognized before claiming a cold bottle of Sam Adams for herself. She felt a twinge of guilt at that. Supergirl wouldn't approve. Well, she'd limit herself to 2 for the night and get them out of the way before everyone else showed up. That way, by the time they did, she'd be sufficiently loosened up. 

Amy had never been a heavy drinker, and after her second beer in under 45 minutes, she was having a wonderful time, chatting with friends while giggling and smiling at the praise that was being lavished on her for her costume. She was aware that some of it was simply because of the amount of skin she showed but that had stopped bothering her after a while. Now, she had even begin to enjoy it, making an effort to flirt a little with anyone who stopped to chat with her. After a while, she had even abandoned the small knots of friends that she felt safe with to wander about a little, mixing with everyone. It was on of those events where it didn't matter if you knew someone or not. After all, everyone here was someone else for the night and most of them had, after several drinks themselves, begun to get, more or less, into character. She was no exception. 

That was why, when she found herself suddenly standing next to a man dressed as Brainiac, one of superman's arch enemies whose mental powers were formidable, it was easy to let herself believe that he might just be able to exert control over mind. Of course, this was all in fun and she didn't for a moment take it seriously, but when they got to chatting and he seemed intent on playing the part as well, she let herself go along with the game. Taking his suggestion that they find somewhere quiet to talk about their common interest in all things 'super' as well as his suggestion that they help themselves to the bar first, she soon found herself sitting on Kevin's bed next to her arch-nemesis, a rum and coke in hand. They weren't alone. After all, the party was in full swing and there was a finite amount of space within the house. Fortunately, the weather was still holding and much of the excess had spilled into the back yard. 

It made perfect sense, after talking animatedly for close to an hour and a half and finishing off her drink, for her to readily agree to go take a look at his collection of comic related items. From the sound of things, it was pretty amazing and she was curious. Besides, she was still playing the role of Supergirl and trying to find out what his game was. The fact that she'd just finished off a fairly strong drink didn't exactly make her cautious either. Besides, he was fun and good looking and she'd been having more fun in the last 2 hours then she'd had at the last 3 parties combined. 

He lived in the hills, about 20 minutes or so away, and he insisted on driving. As they rode along, their conversation taking on several twists and turns, she admired his handiwork discretely. He'd managed to make his skin green and yet, somehow natural, and the costume she could have well believed to be from a Hollywood film set. Not only that but it was somewhat form fitting, although not nearly as embarrassingly so as hers. Still, it showed off a fine physic. Strange, considering that he was somewhat of a nerd, at least about comic books. But then, so was she in a sense, despite her 'cheerleader' good looks.

By the time they pulled into the drive she was feeling relaxed and admittedly buzzed enough not to worry so much about keeping her skirt in place. In fact, she'd forgotten to pay attention at all during the ride and was a little embarrassed to realize that if he had been trying to take a peek at her panties, he would have already gotten more then a glimpse. Shrugging it off, she decided that he had kept his eyes on the road for most of the drive over and if he had snuck one or two glances, she certainly didn't mind as much as she thought she might have. 

The house itself was a modest affair, at least compared to some of the buildings in the neighborhood. As they took the path up to the door, side by side, her cape and hair lifted slightly by a sudden breeze, one that forced her to press her hands against her thighs in a panic as her skirt threatened to blow up as well. Next year, she vowed, she would wear something less... revealing. Then again, she would never have met Brainiac otherwise.

"My secret lair, Kara. Prepare to be amazed.." 

"Oh, my name is..." she blurted out, suddenly realizing that they'd never properly introduced themselves in all the time they'd spent talking. Before she could finish the sentence, he had pressed his hand against her lips, silencing her.

"Shush. I know your name already, Supergirl. Kara Zor-el, from the planet Krypton. You forget who I am. I know everything there is to know about you."

His smile was disarming and she decided to go along with the game, nodding her assent before he consented to remove his fingers from her lips. After all, she was kind of having fun not being Amy for a night. No reason that it had to end now. 

Smiling with what she thought was a look of grateful relief, he punched in the alarm code on the box near the front door, unlocked the door, and swung it open, motioning her inside. With a nervous giggle Amy stepped inside and waited, looking about curiously, not paying any attention to the fact that he had reset the alarm and locked and bolted the door behind them.

The inside of the house was fairly unassuming. Not exactly boring, but certainly not eccentric. She did appreciate the touch of having framed comic art along one wall. Superman, Batman, Wonder Woman, Green Lantern, Martian Manhunter, and The Flash. It was a nice touch, one that she could certainly appreciate especially after looking closer and noting that they weren't just photocopied prints, but seemed to be the real deal, signed and numbered. 

"Wow. These are great." She exclaimed, turning a bright and somewhat tipsy smile towards him.

"Thanks. It's not like that all over. I just like to be greeted at the door by my heroes when I come home. Can I get you anything? A drink, or..."

Amy shook her head. She was done for the night as far as drinking was concerned. After all, Supergirl wouldn't get drunk and one more and she would be in danger of just that. Mostly she was just interested in his collection. Not the books so much, but this kind of thing. Artwork, memorabilia. He even claimed to have some rare action figures and dolls that she'd only ever seen on ebay for ridiculous amounts. It would be kind of cool to actually see them in person. He seemed to sense this. After all, it had been the main topic of conversation right before he had offered to bring her home. With a smile, he took her elbow gently, steering her down the hallway, past several doorways to what looked almost like the door to a bank vault. Amy looked at the arch villain questioningly.

He lifted one eyebrow, going for a menacing look and managing to sell it. Pushing 'Amy' back so that 'Kara' had room to play, she returned it with one of her own. "What kind of secrets are you hiding, Brainiac?" Somehow, she managed not to giggle immediately after delivering the line.

Chuckling, He moved a framed picture of Lex Luthor aside to reveal a keypad. "Mind turning around or at least closing your eyes?" 

Nodding, Amy turned while he punched in the number and then unlocked the door. The lights came on automatically to reveal a room about the size of a very spacious walk in closet. Against the wall to her right stood a trio of curio cases, filled with super hero action figures still in their boxes and statues proudly displayed, as well as other items. She moved in to take a closer look, noting the art work on the wall behind her, as well as Brainiac's presence.

"These are really cool." She said, admiration in her voice and a little bit of awe as she noticed the anime styled statue of herself... well, Supergirl.

"It's new." He edged up behind her to peer over her shoulder, so close that she could feel his breath upon her hair, stirring the fine hair on her neck in a way that wasn't at all unpleasant. She suddenly had an almost overwhelming urge to turn and kiss him. It was his doing, she told herself. He was using his powers on her. It wasn't at all the alcohol or the fact that it had been at least 6 months since she had been properly kissed. She had no control over it. 

It took very little effort to convince herself, and once she did, it took even less to turn into him, tilting her chin slightly upwards. Toes pointed and pushing against the hard wood floor, she almost levitated into the kiss, one she wasn't sure who had initiated. It didn't matter. She wanted it. Supergirl wanted it, and it made no difference that he was her worst enemy. She wasn't disappointed. He kissed her back without hesitation, firmly and decisively. It wasn't a tentative kiss. It was the kind that she would have expected from Brainiac. Demanding and a little rough. It was a perfect kiss, just the kind she deserved. His hand was suddenly behind her head, his fingers curling in her hair, tightening almost painfully as he turned her with ease and pushed her against the far wall, pressing against her. With no where to go, she had little choice but to let his tongue force her mouth open, violating her with little regard for her wants or desires. It was all about what he wanted. She was powerless to fight him, or so she told herself. He was in control here. 

She felt his hand against her bare thigh, short flat nails gripping her flesh, squeezing her playfully, possessively, releasing her as they slide slowly up. She felt the hem of her skirt lifting, his hand upon her hip, his fingers pressing against one cheek as he pushed them beneath her panties. She gasped into his mouth, twisting in a moment of panic at the speed at which he was moving. In response he pulled away from her, his face mere inches from hers, forcing her to meet his dark gaze.

"Where are your powers now, Kara," he whispered roughly, playing the game perfectly. It was a game, after all. At least she thought it still was. Now, she was no longer sure. Not that it mattered. She wanted this too much to care.

"You'll never get away with this, Brainiac." Tried and true, it was all she could think of with his eyes boring deep into hers. It was like he was looking into her deepest, darkest secrets, searching for something that even she didn't know existed.

He smiled, his expression softening a little, just enough to reassure her and make her relax. He still held her against the wall, but she sensed that, with the right word, he would let her go. This time it was she who held his gaze. Not Amy, though. It was Kara Zor-el who stared him down, confidant that she would find a way to beat him, given enough time.

"Do your worst, Villain," she growled, her voice husky with put on anger and very real desire.

It was all he needed. She found herself trapped once more, pushed flat against the wall, his fingers probing beneath her skirt, cupping her ass beneath her panties. God, she was wet. Just a little more and the tips of his fingers would be between her cheeks and then they would travel down between her legs and he would know how much she wanted him. There would be no disguising it. She moaned softly against his lips, opening herself up for his kiss, as he ravaged her mouth with his tongue while her own tongue responded in kind. 

Fuck me." She told him, beyond the point of reasoning, her baser needs pushing aside her common sense, thoughtless for any thing beyond her quickly building lust. "Do it."

"Beg me," he replied, giving her a chance to breathe as he broke their kiss. His kiss, really. She had little say in the matter. "I want to hear the all powerful Supergirl begging for it." He tightened his grip in her hair for emphasis, his index fingers lazily snaking down the crease of her ass, closer and closer to her wet and willing crevice.

"Please, Fuck me like I've never been fucked before." So violent was her outburst that she actually surprised herself, one hand flying up to her mouth as if to push the words back in. She began to giggle, feeling a little light headed. She wondered if maybe they should take a step back. Maybe have another drink and sit on the couch and make out. 

He must have seen in her eyes. Cupping her chin in one hand, he lifted her face to his, this time kissing her gently, almost tenderly. "Sorry, Kara. I guess I got a little carried away. We both did. Tell you what. You want that drink now? Maybe we can go sit on the couch and just hang out for a while like earlier. Would you like that?"

Amy nodded mutely, somewhat disappointed. After all, she really had wanted him to take her there, against her will. Not that it would have been without her consent. She sighed. The moment was over and she wondered if she'd just ruined it. 

He kissed her forehead gently, stepping back so that she could slip out from between him and the wall, straightening her skirt and tugging it back into place. Glancing at him, she saw that his attention was on her chest. Embarrassed, she realized that her nipples were poking out like small pebbles against the material of her costume. And, on top of that, she was sure the if she dared lift her skirt the front panel of her panties would be soaked so thoroughly as to be practically transparent.

"Turn around?" It was a question rather then a demand, but he complied immediately, giving her a chance to adjust her underwear and check that she was decent. Or at least presentable. Without another word said, they exited the 'treasure room', shut off the lights, and locked the door behind them.    He seated her in the love seat in the living room and disappeared for a few moments, returning with a matched set of glasses with, presumably, a mixture of rum and coke. She didn't even wait for him to sit, taking a small gulp to help her relax again. She was so keyed up with sexual tension as well as being somewhat nervous about what had almost happened in his display room, that her hand was shaking a little as she drank. He smiled at her, seemingly relaxed, and that helped as well. 
