 I'd kept away from her since that last 'incident'. She'd done much the same, ignoring me as if that afternoon had been something on a 'things to do' list. The next time I spoke to her was a couple of months later at the New Year party. We only talked a little, once or twice, and we danced once, when her boyfriend was at the bar. She was looking exceptionally pretty, wearing a silken kimono-like dress, buttoned up to the neck, high-heeled shoes and black stockings which I found out about accidentally while we danced. Generally though we kept some distance between us.

Not long after midnight I decided I'd had enough and went to call for a taxi. When I turned round from the phone she came up to me looking less than happy.

"The silly bastard's gone and got himself drunk." She blurted out.

"Who?" I asked.

"Him." She replied, waving her hand in the direction of her boyfriend, who sat slumped near the door looking decidedly unwell. "He's ruined the plans I had for some fun tonight."

"Maybe I can help." I said, meaning help her get him home. I barely registered the slight smirk on her face as she agreed.

As I helped the boyfriend into my taxi, I looked up and saw she looked a little unsteady as well. I told her she had better get in as well, and I'd take her home too.

"No, I can't let mom see me like this, she'll go ballistic."

"Okay, okay. You can sleep it off in my spare room. Now what's his address?" The taxi driver stopped smiling as I climbed in beside him and gave him a filthy look.

I helped her out of the taxi and held her upright as I fumbled for the keys. As soon as I'd closed the door she recovered her poise. I was a little surprised, but realisation dawned.

"So, you want me to step in and help with the "fun" then." 

She put her arms around me, drawing my lips to hers, kissing me with familiar passion. Any doubts or anger I'd had quickly evaporated, as her lithe young body pressed close to mine.

"Just phone dad up and tell him not to worry, I'll be waiting upstairs." I reached for the phone.

Her dad trusted me, I just hoped he'd never find out, at least while I was in hitting distance. I pushed open the bedroom door and beheld a wondrous sight. She'd slipped off her dress, and was lying back on the bed, revealing some of the sexiest black underwear I'd ever seen. 

"I thought I'd let you take these off for me." She purred. 

I stumbled over to the bedside, and then regained my composure.

"I don't think we should be doing this."

"Don't start that again, I know you want to." She reached out and grabbed my belt, unbuckling it with one hand. "I can tell just by looking." She moved her hand into my boxers. "And feeling." My cock, already almost erect, expanded at her touch. She pulled at it, tugging me towards the bed. Her lips enveloped the purple helmet and my resistance crumbled. As she sucked and teased, her hands quickly removed my trousers and boxers. Then, pulling me onto the bed, she knelt beside me and tore off my shirt. The thought ran through my head, that cost twenty quid, but it was lost in a maelstrom of lust. I reached up and began to caress her breasts through their lacy confinement. She reached behind her back and unclipped the bra. The pert young orbs sprang free, pink nipples hardening under my touch. "Enough foreplay." she breathed, removing her panties then straddling me. "Last time you had me two ways, now for the third entrance." She said in a husky voice as she lowered herself onto my cock. Once settled she removed her shoes. "Just getting comfy." Then she began to rise and lower herself up and down my shaft, her tits jiggling in my face. I craned my neck forward but couldn't quite reach. Exasperated, I rolled over so I was on top, pinning her to the bed. I lowered my lips to hers, then to her neck and finally to her beautiful breasts. I could feel her rocking beneath me, so I started to thrust as deep into her as I could. She moaned as I quickened the tempo, wrapping her still nylon clad legs behind me, pulling me deeper still. Faster and faster I pumped, feeling her orgasm once, twice. Now as I was building towards my own climax, she stopped me, rolled back on top, and then once more lowered her mouth to my throbbing cock. With her tongue and teeth she teased my twitching dick until I exploded into her mouth. She swallowed the lot again. I put my arms around her and, naked, we drifted off to sleep.

I was awoken in the morning by the sound of the shower running. As I struggled to consciousness, she left the bathroom and headed down the stairs. I rose and entered the shower she had just vacated. The water jetting onto my body was waking me up quickly. I stepped out of the cubicle refreshed and was met by the delicious aroma of frying bacon. I hurriedly dried myself and pulled on my boxers and jeans before heading downstairs. She was wearing the remnants of my shirt of the night before.

"Hi!" She said brightly. "Sandwich?" She offered me a plate.

"Thanks." I replied, taking a bacon butty from her. "What time is it?" 

"About half past nine." She replied. "That means we still have about seven hours before I have to go home."

"So what do you want to do?" I asked as we ate the sandwiches. She brought out a bondage magazine Susie had left to give me a few ideas for our next encounter.

"Can we try some of these things?" 

I was a little taken aback. 

"Are you sure?" I asked. She nodded enthusiastically. "I suppose as long we don't leave any marks on you it should be alright." 

She handed me a rope.

I turned her around and gently pulled her hands together behind her back. Being careful not to pull too hard on the rope, I wound it around her elbows, then her wrists. The loose end was drawn up between her thighs, across her stomach, between her breasts, then around the back of her neck and back down. I knotted it off at her wrists.

"How's that?" I asked nervously. She wriggled a little, and then nodded her satisfaction. I pulled her forward by the rope, causing it to rub between her now slightly parted cunt lips. She moaned softly. Encouraged, I fetched another piece of rope, and then carefully laid her face down on the floor. Swiftly I tied her knees and ankles together, then attached the loose end to the rope around her wrists again, hog-tying her. She rolled around, testing her bonds, getting more and more excited. I reached down and took her flushed face in my hands. She rolled to one side as I kissed her and as I looked down at her helplessly bound body I saw that in her excitement she had begun to chafe the skin beneath her bonds. I went to release her.

"No. Please." She said. I shrugged, then sat back to watch as she writhed before me. For nearly twenty minutes I managed to keep my hands to myself. Eventually I could stand it no more and moved to kneel beside her. I kissed her mouth, and then began to move down her body. I kissed and caressed each bosom individually, then passed on down. Between her legs she was really wet. I lapped slowly at her sparsely furred pussy. "Fuck me now." She breathed. Deftly I released her legs, and then leant her over the sofa. I dropped my jeans and boxers to the floor. Then, positioning myself behind her, I eased the head of my now rampant cock between the lips of her pussy. I knew that it would not be long before I could not hold myself back, so I slowly eased myself in and out of her. Reaching forward beneath her, I pinched and rolled her small pink nipples until she squealed. Subconsciously, my rhythm was increasing and now I could feel my climax approaching. "I want it in my mouth again." She said. As quickly as I could, I flipped her onto her back and stood over her. Her mouth craned for my throbbing dick, so I plunged it in. Once more the touch of her tongue and teeth around my shaft caused the liquid explosion to gush into her mouth. I pulled out of her mouth and the final spasms dripped over her face. She grinned in delight. "Now what?" She asked.

I released her from the rest of her bonds, looking ruefully at the red marks where the ropes had rubbed. She seemed unconcerned though, and draped her arms around my neck once she'd cleaned the spunk from her face. She kissed me with a deep passion and soon I wanted her again. She smiled as she felt my dick pressing against her body once more.

"The shower." She breathed, leading me by the hand back upstairs. Beneath the hot running water I ran my hands over her delicious form, soaping her all over. She did the same for me. Up and down our saturated bodies the soap went, into the cracks and crevices. We rubbed our bodies together until I could stand it no more. Pushing her back under the showerhead, I penetrated her again, slowly, gently. She wrapped her legs around my back and put her arms about my shoulders, enveloping me. The exertions of the past hours were beginning to catch up with me, and I knew I'd never cum like this. She seemed to sense it too, and put her feet back on the ground, then turned her back to me and offered me her ass. I parted her cheeks, and then with the help of a little soap, I entered her back passage. It was tighter than her cunt and soon I was on the verge, but before I could pull out it was too late. I came in her ass. She didn't seem to mind though as she turned and kissed me once more.

"I'll have to be going soon. Can I come back though? I want to try something different."

"That's what Susie keeps saying."

"Maybe I could meet her."

"I'll see what I can arrange."