 I knew this couple casually. They were friends of friends. I saw them socially at barbeques, parties, etc. We would exchange pleasantries and so on. A couple of times I had to ask someone what their names were because I'd forgotten!! They were in their 40's at the time. The wife had that full, lush figure that women at that age will have. She was tallish for a woman, about 5' 6" or so. She was not quite fat, maybe 150 to 170 pounds. She had full rounded hips and thighs. Her breasts were about 38C with decided sag. In some of the old romance novels they would be called pendulous. I'll call her Mary.

I was at a barbeque at a mutual friend's house. As it turned out the lady I was dating knew this couple quite well. The 4 of us were chatting in the yard. The lady I was dating and I each had one of those aluminum lounge chairs with the plastic strapping. The other couple was sitting across from us in the upright folding chair version. Mary was wearing one of those full legged jean jumpsuits that were just above mid-thigh. As we chatted I noticed that I when she moved certain ways, I could see her white panties up the leg of the jumpsuit! It was titillating and it added a little spice to an otherwise bland social conversation.

Later in the day, by the luck of the draw, she and I were at the cooler collecting beers for our partners. I commented on how nice the suit looked on her. I went on to say that she should be careful how she sat because her panties showed! She colored, mumbled something and walked away. I complimented myself for being an ass and embarrassing the woman!

But this incident began what I thought was a harmless flirtation. At another party she even made a joke about me seeing her panties! She said at least she had some on that time! I jumped at the opening! 

"So sometimes you don't wear them?" I said.

She colored deeply. 

"No I don't"

I was surprised. I managed a mischievous smile. The words tumbled out of her mouth like a torrent from a waterfall.

"Please don't tell my husband! He is a deacon in the church. He would say I had succumbed to the devil's will!"

"I won't tell him"

"Please don't, she begged, I do it...I do it because it makes me feel sexy even though no one knows!"

The fear it her eyes was palpable. Gently, I placed a hand on her shoulder.

"I'm not going to tell! But for the rest of the evening, whenever you see me looking at you, you will know I am thinking about you being here with no panties on!"

We didn't talk for the rest of the party but periodically I made a point of establishing eye contact with her and smiling! Her cheeks would flush. She smiled back!

A few weeks later her husband's church had a charity golf function. She was there helping sign in the players. She was wearing that same jean jumpsuit. She saw me, walked over gave me a little hug, a peck on the cheek and whispered in my ear: 

"No panties" 

I laughed and said something about having to take her word for it because I'd be on the golf course the rest of the day, probably getting MY pants beat off! We both laughed!

A couple of months went by. The phone rang. It was Mary's husband. He reminded me who he was. He was having computer problems. A mutual friend told him that I might be able to fix it. I explained that I was a semi-talented amateur. There were no guarantees! I went on to say I could come by the following evening. He asked if I could do it some other time. The 3rd game of the Boston Red Sox World Series was going to be on and he was a rabid Boston fan! I explained that I would be heading out on a business trip and even though I would be in and out of town, I would have no free time until early November. I explained that he didn't really need to be with me while I took a look. He said great! The TV was downstairs in the family room and the PC was upstairs in his office!

It was a beautiful Fall evening. I parked on the street and walked up the drive. The house was an older tri level. Mary opened the door. She was wearing a kimono-style house dress. It was obvious that she had no bra under it. Her breasts moved gently as she stepped back from the door to allow me to enter.

Her husband bolted up the stairs from the lower level media room. We exchanged some perfunctory pleasantries. From my vantage point in the foyer, I could see into the kitchen. The living room/dining room was off to my right. To my left were stairs leading up.

It was obvious he was anxious to get back to the baseball game. He took me to the PC, handed me a beer and took off to watch the game. As I began troubleshooting the computer, Mary walked in.

"Would it be ok if I watched", she asked shyly

"Certainly" I said

She pulled up a chair next to me. Each time she leaned over to see what I was doing, I could see those full breasts hanging! It was damn distracting! 

"Look I'll never get finished here if you keep leaning over like that." 

"Ok, I'll let you do your work! She giggled.

As she walked out of the office, she looked back, grinned and whispered: 

"By the way, I don't have on any panties!"

I looked at the ceiling and promised myself that I was NOT going to fuck this man's wife. And for sure not in his house while he was downstairs!! While I worked on the computer, Mary came to the door again. She leaned against the door sill. I turned to speak and noticed that with the light behind her, I could see through the kimono! 

"You had better move because I could see all of her goodies!" 

She looked me dead in the eyes.

"Have a good look; my husband doesn't look at all anymore!"

I turned back to the PC. She walked up behind me and put he hands on my shoulders. 

"Look, I don't know where you think this is going, but nothing is going to happen!" I hissed, afraid her husband might hear me.

She sauntered out of the room. I thought to myself that here was a frustrated middle aged housewife. Our flirtations over the previous months had awakened some latent sexuality.

I finished up, rebooted the computer. I gathered my tools and prepared to leave. As I walked down the hall toward the stairs, I could her hubby cheering about something that happened in the game. As I walked past their bedroom, Mary was sitting on the side of the bed. I told her I was done and leaving.

She walked over to the door. She grabbed me around the neck gave me a deep open mouth kiss! Frightened that her husband might catch us, I pushed her away. 

"Careful! You might start something you can't finish!" I whispered.

She pressed her lush body against me. Her crotch ground hard into mine. I could feel the heat of her body.

"I just need...I just need....I just need to feel wanted" she murmured hotly.

Her hand grabbed my dick. I pushed her hand away.

"Another place, another time! Your husband is right downstairs. There is no sense taking this kind of risk" I hissed.

Unconsciously, my hand wandered to her pussy. I could feel the wetness through her gown. I pushed her away and turned to leave. She blocked my exit.

"At least let me see what another man's cock looks like", she said.

She went to her knees, unzipped my pants and gave the head of my cock a lick!

"He won't let me do this", she said. "He says it's sinful."

She slowly began sucking on my cock. In the background I could hear the baseball game.

She was inexperienced but eager! She made slurping noises as she sucked. A couple of times I had to tell her to watch the teeth!! I stood her up and pulled the gown over her head! We both jumped as her hubby loudly cheered something in the game. I led her back into their bedroom. I pushed her into their marriage bed.

"Maybe this isn't such a good idea!" she whispered

"No, it's not but let me return the favor, then I'll leave."

I licked gently at her soaking wet pussy. I took her engorged clit in my mouth. I sucked it gently. Then I lightly bit it. Her pussy gushed with wetness. Her back arched and she let out a loud moan! She came. Her juices flowed freely, soaking the bedspread. I stopped and shushed her!

"He'll hear you!" 

I stood to leave. It was a dangerous game we were playing. She looked at the door with some apprehension, but she slid to her knees and began sucking my cock again! 

"Honey you are missing a great game!" her husband called excitedly from downstairs.

She went into the hall leaned over the banister.

"I'll be right down; he's almost finished with the computer." 

She was still naked. I could see her pussy juices running down the inside of her thighs. Her clamshell pussy peeked deliciously from between her large full ass.

I walked up behind her and slid my cock into her soaking wet pussy. She let out a little scream. 

"Are you ok?" her hubby asked.

"Yes I just stubbed my toe." she uttered breathlessly. 

I kept sliding slowly in and out of her pussy! The heat was almost unbearable I felt her pussy spasm as she came again. She had a death grip on the railing and was biting her lip to keep from screaming! She thrust back hard against my cock. Then she turned and pushed me away! 

"We've got to stop! We've got to stop this is crazy! Please...please stop!" she cried urgently.

The front of my jeans was soaked with her pussy juice! I couldn't walk past him like that! I remembered the beer! I went to the computer room to get it. She followed me with a puzzled look! I explained I was going to pour the beer on me and say I spilled it! She laughed.

"But, I said, none of that will work if you don't put her gown back on." 

She squealed. She had forgotten she was naked! As she turned to go, I grabbed her around her waist and pushed her to her knees.

"Please don't, she said, He might catch us"!

I threw caution to the wind. I unbuckled my pants and let them drop to floor. I knelt behind her and entered that still wet pussy! Her shoulders and breasts were in the hallway. I was behind her in the office. If he came up the stairs, there would be no explaining this away! I began to pump in and out of her pussy! She looked over her shoulders with a mixture of fear and lust! She was scared to death...but didn't want me to stop! She growled like a wild animal. She rotated her ass with each thrust, driving my dick as deep in her pussy as it would go.

"Fuck me you black motherfucker! Give me all of that cock! Oh Gawd I'll burn in hell but it is so good!"

Suddenly she thrust back hard against my cock and let out a little scream! I felt a wetness running down my leg! She was a squirter!! Her hot cum drenched my pants. She jumped up!

"What happened? What did I do? Oh I am so sorry!" 

I stood up, held her and explained. It had never happened to her before! Not in 25 years of marriage! Someone got a hit and her hubby was loudly cheering on his beloved Red Sox!

"What are you going to do about your pants", she said!

I pointed at the beer!

"Are you sure there's enough beer in that bottle? Oh my god, look at my rug!! It's soaked!!"

I began to gingerly pull on my sex soaked jeans! I heard the refrigerator door close. Her husband hollered up the stairs, 

"Schaka, you need another beer?"

"No" I hollered back.

This was insane! I had to get out of here. Mary was standing naked in front of me. She had her legs akimbo. A mixture of my cum and her pussy juices were dripping out of her swollen pussy. All her husband had to do was decide to see what I was doing on his computer and we were both dead! Literally Dead! There was no explaining this! Mary touched my hands to prevent me from putting on my pants! 

"I'm sorry I did such a terrible job sucking your cock. But hubby says that kind of sex is evil and sinful. He refuses to let me do it."

She simpered with a wanton lustfulness. A latent slut had been awakened.

I tried to push her hands away. She sank to her knees! 

"I want to be very evil and sinful", she said! 

She began a slow licking of the head of my cock. She stopped. 

"Am I doing better?" she asked.

I pushed her head down and told her to stop talking! I felt myself getting close to cumming. And suddenly I did! I held her head so she couldn't pull away as I pumped cum into her mouth! She began to gag and I let go! I finished cumming all over face! Cum was running out of the corners of her mouth and down her chin! It was in her hair and covered her eyes. She stuck her hand out.

"Give me a towel, she giggled, I'm a mess!"

Later, I did the beer spilling routine and walked down stairs cursing. Her hubby would not hear of me driving home with my jeans soaking wet. He wanted to have Mary wash them. I said no thanks and left!