 My fucking ass still hurts! It's unreal how red it is. I just got out of the bathroom and while I was in there, I pulled my cotton panties down. Man oh MAN are my normally pink butt cheeks a deep shade of red! My father tanned my hide good for sure. Some would say that I deserved what I got but others who have experienced what I am going to tell you about will know the whole truth. 

I know you were watching me you nasty old bastard! Keep it up and I will find someone to fuck you up beyond belief!

That's what I wrote in the note. I can't believe that I actually did it, but that's honest to God what I wrote Mr. Dangelson! 

Danglin' Dan Dangelson is what all the people in the neighborhood refer to him as. I'm not sure exactly where he got that nickname, but rumor has it that he likes to corner young girls and shake his weenie thing at them! I say it's a rumor because my dad (a county judge) told me years ago that everyone is innocent until proven guilty (and if you believe that line of bologna, I've got a bridge in Brooklyn that I'll sell you). 

I call him Mr. D when I see him but I want to call him a nasty old pervert! Now, let's get one thing straight, when I say young girls, I mean young to him. You see, he's in his late 40's and so the girls in their late teens are like babies to him. He has never actually done anything to them as far as I know except shaking his tallywhacker at them. Sally, (my best girlfriend in the whole wide world who wouldn't lie to me for anything) told me that he is just extremely proud of his manhood! He's not a pedophile but he waits till a girl has reached her 18th birthday and he will corner them and do his dirty little Danglin' Dankelson dance! It's not really a dance, it's just what people call what he does. Anyway, here's what I wrote the old creep.

Dear Danglin' Dan, 

Greetings you old mother-fucking pervert! Yeah, that's right, that's what I called you, a mother-fucking pervert! You are a nasty old bastard! How fucking dare you! What makes you think you have the right to do all those nasty, sick, perverted things? 

Yeah, that's right Dan, I know what you do to young girls when you get the chance! My best friend told me how you cornered her one day and pulled your nasty old thing out and shook it in her face. She was so terrified that she could not scream. That is the only thing that saved you from having the law haul your nasty old carcass off to the pen! 

Oh, and speaking of the pen Dan, have you heard what they do to sexual perverts in the pen? Why Dan, it's just plain horrible! They put them in general population and they are considered the scum of the earth! That's right, they are considered lower than pond scum Dan! And the LOVE to get their strong masculine hands on people like yourself, you no good son-of-a-bitch! 

Oh, you say? And why would they like to get hold of guys like you? It's because even people in prison need their bitches! That's right Dan-o! I said BITCHES! You see, what they do is they take guys like you and corner them. They corner your kind and basically I guess what you would say it is either fuck or fight! That's right Danny-boy! But most of the time with sicko's like you it's fight and then you get fucked anyway. Hell, when they get done with you, they might even make you wear a dress around the prison! 

I know what you're thinking, you're thinking that you are a big man and you can whip any of the guys that you've ever met. Well you see, the thing is that you might be able to whip one of them but you won't be able to whip them all. 

Yep, that's right. They will take you and hold you down you sick old creep! When they have you held securely they will do two things. First you will feel someone pulling your prison dungarees down around your knees while two other people hold your legs and spread your ass cheeks apart! That's right you sick old pervert. While they are busy doing this, the biggest man will stand in front of you and pull out his big black thingie and point it at your face! Oh Dan! I can almost feel myself cum thinking about that! I can just see the look on your face as the big black man puts his big black thingie into your mouth. Don't worry you old goat, you'll hardly notice because the guy behind you will position himself between those virgin ass cheeks and push his hard dickie in as hard as he can! Every time you scream as he pushes into your fat ass cheeks, the man in front of you will be pushing his big fat black knob down your virgin throat! 

Be warned you old shit! I know you were watching me you nasty old bastard! Keep it up and I will find someone to fuck you up beyond belief! 

Signed, 

A very unfriendly neighbor

Yep, I admit it. That's what I wrote. And you know what, I'm not ashamed one bit! You see, it's been a known fact for a long time that my neighbor Mr. D loves to flash his penis at the girls. He has never done it to me but I've made sure that I was never alone with him either. I sent him the letter to warn him that he could not get by with it forever. That is, I thought it would work but it backfired very badly! 

It was early evening and I'd sent the note anonymously to him the previous day. I was feeling pretty proud of myself and I have to admit that I was pretty cocky. I told a couple of girls at school what I had done. Perhaps that was where I made my mistake. 

Anyway, I was tired from a long day at school and then after that I had been to basketball practice. I was sweaty and tired and I needed a shower. So, like my daddy always taught me, "cleanliness is next to Godliness." I turned on the water and proceeded to wash all the dirt and sweat off my body. The water felt good on my skin and I soaked up all the hot water that we had and I got out to dry my body off. 

As I stood drying myself, I looked at my tight young body in the full-length mirror that comprises the shower door. "Nice Jessi," I said as I looked at myself. "Not too bad for an old lady of 18!" I chuckled as I admired my own reflection. 

That's right folks, I said I was admiring my own reflection in the mirror! It's not a sin you know to admire yourself as long as you are not in love with yourself! (Sheesh! Like you haven't done it yourself!) Well, like I was saying, I was looking at myself in the mirror. I had what a lot of the boys at school would call a "killer body"! I try my best to take care of myself. I exercise as much as I can and I do everything I can to make sure that Daddy and I have the proper things to eat. I have to do it because Mom left a few years back and we don't have any idea where she went. 

I dried my mop of long, flaming red hair. When I say it's red, I mean it's a dark, deep red! But......unlike most redheads, I have a complexion that is a little on the dark side and that sets me apart from all the other albino redhead sluts. Also, I have a long sleek frame that is set off with a couple of very pert 34c titties. My little pigeon breasts come up to form the perfect cone shape and they are topped off with little pink colored dime sized nipples! After you leave my sweet little chest (come on guys, use your imagination and follow along with me, will you) my slender hips curve with the fullness of a grown woman. Fortunately for me, I still have just the hint of a little girl that drives men wild. And then there's my ass. Oh my ass is the sweetest little ass that any girl could want and it is standing by (and I know for sure you guys are looking at my ass when my back is turned) for your viewing pleasure. What is really cool is all this equipment is packed in a 5'4", 105 lb frame.

So, (come on guys, put that tongue back in your mouth) I had just gotten done primping and had combed my red tresses when I heard a knock on the door. 

"Jessi?" the voice came from the other side. I knew that voice, it was the voice of my favorite man in the world. It was my daddy!

"Yes daddy," I called back.

"I need to see you right now young lady!" he said in a firm voice.

My heart sank as I heard him say those words nine words! He does not use those words unless I am about to get in trouble. I thought about all the things I had done in the last few days and I couldn't for the life me think of one teensy weensy little thing!

"Ok daddy, give me about 20 minutes daddy," I said to him.

"I need to see you now Jessi!" 

Oh no! It was much more serious than I had thought! I picked up the pair of pink cotton panties that I had picked out. You know the kind. They are the kind of frilly panties that are cut high on the hips. Not thongs (because I hate the feeling of something hanging in my butt crack all day) by any means but ones that the butt cheeks hang out of slightly. I stepped into them and pulled them over my curvaceous little hips. 

Next was my robe. I slipped it on my shoulders and tied it and then I checked my hair for one last time (don't ask me why, it's just a habit dummy) and walked out of the bathroom.

I walked down the hall and turned at the end and entered the living room. "Yes daddy?" I asked in my sweetest saccharine little girl voice.

"Is this yours young lady?" my daddy asked me as he turned and handed me a piece of paper. I took the paper and then I felt something get caught in my throat (I think it was my soul or something). It was the note that I had written to Danglin' Dan! I hung my head, trying to think about some way of getting out of answering him but I could think of none. "Well Jessi?" he said in a voice that I knew meant I was in big shit!

"Daddy," I said in a soft voice.

"Yes Jessi?" he asked in that stern daddy voice.

Fear ran through my body as I looked at the piece of paper in my hand. It was my handwriting for sure! Why the hell hadn't I typed it instead? "I can explain daddy," I said, my voice trembling with a fear that I hadn't felt since I was a wee little lassie!

"Well, how about explaining to him young lady!" My heart stopped for a minute. I turned and glanced at the direction that daddy was looking. It was Dan Dangelson! I shrieked and got ready to run but my dad grabbed my arm. "You're not going anywhere until you have explained this to me completely!" Daddy was holding my arm and I knew that it would do no good to struggle.

"Daddy. No daddy, don't make me explain it now," I pleaded as the tears ran down my freshly washed face.

"You will explain it to me AND Dan Jessi Lynn!" he yelled, his face turning red with anger.

God how I hated that. I liked both of my names but when daddy used them together, it was the end of the line. I felt trapped like a rabbit in a cage. I looked around trying to figure how I would make my escape. It was no use. The consequences would be too great if I bolted. Daddy could seem to sense that I would not run now. He released my arm and I moved over to a chair that sat in the corner of our large living room. Shame, fear and total humiliation is what I felt as I sat here in front of these two grown men. I mean, I could talk to my daddy about almost anything but not in front of Dan the Danglin' dumbass!

Daddy glared at me and then finally I shouted, "It's all true daddy! It's all entirely true!"

"So you did write this rubbish then Jessi Lynn?"

I hung my head in shame. "Yes daddy, I wrote it." The silence was deafening as these two towering men stood in front of me and I felt like we were alone in the world. I looked up at this smirking, slimy pervert, Dan dufus that was staring holes in me. I wadded up the note and threw it at him. I swear it slid off his slimy, greasy body! "It's totally and completely true daddy!" I shouted.

Daddy stood there stunned. I could tell that he was ready to die from embarrassment. "I'm sorry Dan," I heard daddy say to the creepy neighbor. "I've tried my best to control her since her mom left. Perhaps I've been too easy on her."

"It's ok Judge," Dan said to my dad. "Every family goes through rough times. I rest assured that you WILL take care of it?"

"Yes Dan," daddy said. "And, if you are ever in trouble, come to my chambers and I will see if I can help you."

"I will Judge," Dan said as he walked to the door. "I'll see you next Friday?" he asked, referring to the night they played poker.

"Yes. Friday." Dad and I watched as Dan tipped his hat and walked out the big oak doors.

"Well girl?" daddy thundered. "What do you have to say for yourself Jessi Lynn?"

"I'm sorry?" I asked not really meaning it.

"That will do for a start young lady!"

"Well, I'm NOT!" I shouted at my daddy. He glared at me. I had never seen a look like this on my father's face before and I will tell you it sent cold chills up my spine!

"I'm just not sure what I am going to do with you young lady! Do you realize what could happen if Dan decided to take this to court?"

"Court?" The thought hadn't occurred to me. "But daddy, how could he take it to court. It would drag his name through the mud and I guarantee he wouldn't want that to happen."

"His name? His name? What about my name Jessi Lynn? I am up for re-election this year Jessi! It would not only drag my name through the mud, it would ruin my hopes of that senate seat next year! All my hopes of a future in politics and YOUR hopes of going to that ivy league college! It would all be dashed to the ground like a vase hitting concrete!"

Why did my dad have to be a judge anyway? Why did he have to want to be a politician anyway? And more importantly, why was I suddenly on the hot-seat because dumb-ass Dan was a stinking flasher! "Daddy, I'm so sorry. I didn't mean to cause you any trouble."

"Well Jessi Lynn. It looks like we have one of two choices here. Either I let Dan take you to court for false accusations or I blister your ass!"

"No daddy! No! You can't do that! I'm 18 years old now! I am not a little girl!"

"That's the choices we are stuck with Jessi! I promised Dan that I would punish you and I am a man of my word. Now which one will it be?"

"Fuck you and that rotten no good piece of shit fucking cock flashing creep"! Well, that's what I wanted to yell but instead I hung my head in shame over this ugly mess. "Ok daddy, I will take my punishment, but only because I love you daddy."

"Come over here Jessi," daddy told me pointing to where he was standing by the coffee table. "Now be a good little girl and bend over." I walked over to him and bent over, positioning myself with my hands against the table. Daddy moved in behind me and I closed my eyes tightly as I braced myself for what was about to happen. I was in total and complete shock as he pulled up my robe and to my horror pulled my panties down to my knees!

"No Daddy!" I screamed as I felt him move behind me.

"I'm sorry Jessi," he said as he held me with one of his large hands. The next thing I recall is the sting of what felt like a thousand bees as his hand moved down and hit the soft ass flesh that was prone before him! I screamed as he removed his hand! "No daddy!" I cried as I felt another blow to my derriere! One, two, three swats to my unblemished butt cheeks. It may have been more but after that, I was no longer here but had reverted to some place in my mind until the blows stopped. When I came back (I am not sure how long I stood there in front of my daddy with my ass exposed) daddy had tears running down his cheeks.

"I love you daddy," I heard myself saying as I stood up and pulled my little pink panties up and straightened my robe. I walked to him and put my arms around him. "I love you daddy, more than anything else in the world!"

"I love you too Jessi," he said as his tears stopped. "I didn't mean to hurt you my precious little baby, I just had no choice. I am a man of my word!" Daddy put his arms around me and pulled me tight to him. Oh my, the feeling of being in my daddy's arms and knowing that he loved me! It was so great......that is until.....until I felt IT! It has to be a mistake I thought to myself! No, it can't be! It can't be daddy's cock pressing against me! 

I released him and pulled away. Yes! There it was! Daddy's cock was hard and pushing against his jeans! Of all the humiliating, nasty, degrading things in the world! How could he feel like this?

Daddy saw me looking at his crotch and then he turned. "Oh God!" I shouted as I ran from the room. "Jessi, wait!" I heard him yell to me as I ran from the room and shut my door, slamming it behind me.

"Unfuckingbelieveable!" I shouted as I heard the door vibrate the wall. I tore my robe off and threw it against the wall. How the fuck could this happen? How the fucking hell could this all turn out this way? How the fuck............. and then ........... it hit me! Something that wasn't there before. An itching. A burning. A feeling between my legs that I had never had before! Oh god! It couldn't be! But it was true!

I pushed my pink cotton panties (yeah, you guys would love to see that wouldn't you) down and touched it there. I touched it directly there (you know where I mean guys)! It was SWOLLEN! It was HOT! And I'll be damned, it was WET! 

Pulling the drawer open on my dresser, I pulled it out. I pulled out BOB (you know what I mean girls, Battery Operated Boyfriend) and almost ran to the bed and threw myself on top of the covers. 

My legs spread as if on their own. "Oh GOD" I squealed as the cool hard plastic touched my steaming hot neatly trimmed red bush of love! I wiggled and I jiggled (put it back in your pants guys, I'm not ready to cum yet) and I squirmed as I started rubbing it down across my swollen red pussy lips. 

I turned the knob on the end and I could feel the vibration start. It went right through my young lithe body as I lay there and played it across my clitty like the first chair violinist playing a fine violin!

"Oh yes," I moaned and groaned as my pussy went into spasms! I put the hard tip of the vibrator into my cock-starved cunt and left it there, vibrating every ounce of my being! My pussy tingled with desire and I thought about daddy's cock. I thought about Dan's cock! I thought about any cock that I could think of being between my sweet smooth legs and sliding between my red fur covered pussy lips! 

The pain on my ass! The humiliation of my soul! The horniness of my pussy! I knew which one was the greatest at this time! I pushed the vibrator into my sweet creamy box and started moving it around. The sensation was wonderful as I started to stroke it in and out of my fuzz-covered mound. 

My other hand had a mind of its own and it moved over to my nipple! It was hard! It was swollen! It wanted attention! And, it got it! I tweaked my hard little bud while I vibrated my cunny lips! "Oh my god, yesssssssssssss," I groaned as (ok guys, you can start playing with it again) my body started the familiar crescendo of earth shattering, mind blowing, body bending orgasm started to build.

I imagined daddy's cock in my pussy and Dan's tongue (ok guys, I was desperate at this point so cut me some fucking slack) on my nipple as I pushed and pulled and moaned and groaned (get ready to let loose guys, it's cumming) and fucked my pussy with my bedroom buddy! "Oh god yessssssssssss," I purred as my finger moved down and started flickering across my swollen, sweet, hot (and yes virgin) clitty! 

"Sweet Jesus!" I cried out loud as it hit me! It moved like a wall of total pure unadulterated pleasure as it hit! I bucked and twisted and trembled as it hit me. A gushing mass of sweet creamy fluid shot out of my pussy lips and all over my hand as I had the most intense orgasm (come on guys, stroke it fast I'm almost there) that was allowed by the laws of nature. "Aaaaaaarrrrrrrrgggghhhhhhhh!" I squealed as it hit me and then, then, then I relaxed. I relaxed in sweet surrender to the passion that had been there in my young body was going, going, and now it was gone. It was gone, like an auctioned piece to the last bidder. Trembling in my orgasmic stupor, I was lying there on the bed and I pulled the rigid plastic penis gently out of my pussy lips. 
