 This is my first go at writing an erotic story. I hope you enjoy reading it and would appreciate any advice you can offer on my style of writing. I plan to write at least one more part, but possibly another if the story leads that way!

I thought it might be interesting to write from the perspective of both characters but whether I will do that in part 2, I am not sure! Let me know what you think!

*****

Rob's Story

She had always been quite simply, the girl next door. Just there, just a kid, just irrelevant. Always the tomboy with a ball in her hands. Quite an irritant really. But that was until that kid became a woman.

I hardly noticed she was there over the last few years since we had moved into Half Acre, the house I built next door to her family. Occasionally she would appear at our door to ask for the return of her ball or anything else she had fired into our garden. And, as we couldn't have kids of our own, Chloe, my wife, was always happy to offer to babysit Danielle and her elder sister, Ellie, during their younger years. Now they were older we rarely saw them. Occasionally I would see them in their garden, going out in the car with their parents or perhaps walking the dog. But one fateful afternoon she turned up at my door.

I had just returned from a meeting in town and was keen to do some follow up work in my study. Suddenly a loud knocking shattered my concentration. Who the hell could that be? I stormed to the front door, ready to tell some cold caller or whoever to piss off! 

"Yes?" I bellowed. "Oh, Dani it's you." she handed me a large parcel. 

"Sorry to disturb you Rob, er Mr Wright, but mum asked me to bring this round for Chloe."

Shocked and almost speechless I couldn't believe the change in her. She had grown into a stunning young woman. She was tall and slim, a beautiful face with amazing blue eyes and long shining blonde hair, but most of all, her tits! OMG those tits, they were huge. I had to drag my eyes from them and keep them focused on her face. 

"Sorry Dani, I hardly recognised you," I stuttered "you've grown so much." Shit!

Not what I meant to say. "I mean you look so grown up now," I added. "Look, Chloe is still at work at the moment, but do you want to come in for a drink - tea or something?" She hesitated at first but then said she would, but just a quick one. 

As I led her into the kitchen, it occurred to me that maybe this was not the best of ideas. The atmosphere was highly charged with sexual tension between us; clearly we both felt mutual attraction and I tried hard to focus on something other than those amazing tits, but how? She had sat herself at the breakfast bar and they were right in front of me again. Her nipples poked hard and erect through the tight fabric of the top she was wearing. How had this young woman been given such huge breasts? They must have been at least a DD++! She certainly hadn't inherited them from her mother. Before I could stop myself I started, "How large are ... I mean, how old are you now?" I stumbled. For God's sake, get a grip! I was behaving like a randy young teenager!

She told me she had now turned eighteen and would hopefully be leaving for uni later in the year. We talked for about an hour, only interrupted once when I had to excuse myself for five minutes to sort the ever growing bulge in my jeans which I hoped she hadn't noticed. I didn't want her to think I was some old creep living next door. After all, I was nearly fifty now and probably considered pretty old by someone of her age.

I was almost thankful when the front door opened. Chloe had at last come to my rescue. We all chatted a little longer until Dani said she should go. Feeling a little disappointed in some respects, but relieved in others, I walked her to the door to show her out. Then it happened. She turned to say goodbye and suddenly placed her sensual soft lips on mine for what seemed ages; my heart was pounding, I was both shocked and excited. I really wanted to be able to push my tongue in her mouth, pin her to the wall and take hold of those huge soft tits with my hands, to squeeze and caress them. Instead I gently pushed her away and calmly said goodbye, closing the door behind me. Breathless, I stood still to recover for a while, heat rising from my very stiff cock.

Suddenly Chloe appeared. "You ok?" She asked suspiciously.

"Yeah, why?" I answered, maybe a little too defensively.

"You just look kinda hot and bothered. Not surprising though. She's gorgeous now isn't she? But did you notice the size of those boobs and that rather inappropriate top she was wearing? I'm surprised Helen let's her go out like that!" 

"Can't say I noticed." I lied.

After that little episode I tried to keep a low profile. I secretly watched from a distance. I would catch the odd glimpse from my window, her perfect face with those generous lips. Her stunning long golden hair swinging behind her. Her gorgeous shapely ass and long legs and of course those beautiful tits that bounced as she walked. Eventually though, it all came to an end. She had gone; finally packed off to Scotland for 3 years at University. Life seemed tedious without her around but at least I was now able to concentrate on my designs. I was trying to draw visuals of a very high tech house, but the project hadn't been progressing too well with so much distraction. And perhaps it was for the best in other ways. I knew Helen and Greg, and certainly Chloe would never speak to me again if I went near her.

Over the following year, Chloe would give me all the gossip about Dani and Ellie. I pretended to take no interest, but I was desperate for any news of her. Was she enjoying uni life? Did she have a boyfriend? I felt jealous at the thought of some spotty teenager fucking her, kissing those lips, sucking those nipples. I tried, but I couldn't get her out of my mind. Then the invitation arrived.

"Ellie turns 21! Please celebrate with us on Saturday 28th July at Landon House, 7.30pm until early hours! RSVP Helen & Greg." 

"We won't be able to go." I told Chloe.

"Why not?" She asked, "we're not away. They always throw great parties and after all, it is Ellie's 21st. I can't believe she's that age already. We have to go."

My senses told me that seeing her up close again could lead to something more between us and potential trouble for the future. I tried arguing with her but she was having none of it, so it seemed I would just have to prepare myself to see Dani, who I hadn't spoken to in well over a year.

"I'm really looking forward to this evening." She said. Chloe looked lovely in a silver grey satin dress. She still had a good figure for a woman of her age. Not voluptuous like Dani, but still slim and elegant with firm small breasts. "Let's open a bottle of champagne before we go."

I agreed as I was in need of a drink; dutch courage! By the time we left the house, hand in hand, we had consumed the bottle between us and were both pretty merry!

"Happy Birthday and many congratulations!" I wished Ellie when she greeted us at the door.

"I'm really pleased you could both come." She said. "Go through, everyone's in the garden. We're so lucky it's such a warm evening."

Chloe held firmly to my arm, as if she wanted to make it clear I belonged to her. Did she sense what the evening could have in store? I grabbed us both another glass of champagne on our way out into the garden. As we stopped by the buffet area, I did a quick scan, but I couldn't see Dani. I knew I shouldn't have been so keen to find her, but I couldn't help myself. I was desperate to see how much she had changed and whether she was with someone.

I began to wish Chloe would just go and find someone else to cling on to, when Dani's mum, Helen, appeared. We all talked for a while. I complimented her on her outfit and said how amazing Ellie looked. I really wanted to ask her where Dani was but managed to contain my curiosity.

"Well I had better be going, I've got to check they're ready with Ellie's cake. Oh you must come and see it Chloe, it's so gorgeous. A pink Chanel handbag!" At last I was rid of Chloe who was eager to see the 'gorgeous' cake.

It was then that I spotted her. Standing by the pool surrounded by her friends, male and female. She looked stunning in a kind of 60's inspired outfit. A black sleeveless top which clung to her now ridiculously huge tits. A tempting gold zipper ran all the way down the front. Teamed with an overtly sexy, tight shiny red leather skirt stretched over her gorgeous ass. For some strange reason on this balmy summer's evening she was wearing black seamed tights and a stunning pair of black patent pointed stilettos with red soles. I couldn't take my eyes off her.

Then she spotted me. It was like an electric shock when her blue eyes met mine. I immediately felt my cock stiffen. I wanted her. She gave me a knowing smile but then simply turned away, taking the hand of some gorgeous guy who led her to the dance floor. Jealousy raged inside me as I watched them dance slowly together. His hands rubbing her shiny leather clad ass and his lips seeking hers. If I had remained I would have seen her push him off her and walk away from him. But I had headed straight for the bar. I needed to get drunk.

"Maybe you've had enough?" the bar tender said. But I didn't agree, I needed another. I took another huge glass of brandy and headed down the long garden towards the fields and woods beyond. I was being ridiculous I knew, but I couldn't get her out of my mind; my imagination working overtime. They were probably in her bedroom by now, him sucking on those beautiful tits, tearing off that skirt, eating her pussy; all followed by a long leisurely fuck. I hit the tree I was leaning against and smashed the glass I was holding. "Fuck!" I shouted. 

"What's wrong Rob?" Dani looked shocked. Almost as much as I was to see her standing next to me.

"It's nothing, don't worry, er just me and Chloe." I lied.

"Why didn't you come and say hello?" she asked.

"I didn't want to interrupt you and your friends, and let's face it, you looked pretty cosy on the dance floor with that boyfriend of yours." I said sarcastically, clearly pissed off.

"Jamie is most certainly no boyfriend of mine. He was trying it on and I told him to get lost. You would have seen for yourself if you'd hung around longer. In fact," she said angrily, "I had hoped you would get rid of him for me, but instead you left for your solo piss up at the bar!" She turned to leave but I grabbed her arm. 

"I'm sorry," I said " it's just I can't stand to see you with someone else - I know it's wrong but I want you so much."

Her eyes melted into mine and I felt the heat rising from my groin. I couldn't hold back any longer. I pushed her back against the tree and roughly put my lips to hers. She opened her mouth to let my tongue in and we hungrily kissed each other - tongues sliding together, sucking, biting. I pulled my mouth from hers then hastily took the zipper in my hand and wrenched it down the front of her top, pushing it aside to reveal a fine layer of black silk just about covering her huge tits. Her very erect nipples poked through - I couldn't stop myself I had fantasised about them for so long. I took them one at a time in my mouth. Sucking and chewing until the silk was soaking wet. She unclipped her bra at the front so that her magnificent tits burst out. The most beautiful mounds of creamy white flesh, tipped with the most exquisite rosy pink areolas and the thickest nipples I had ever seen. Now just too much for me, my cock threatened to explode. I latched on to one nipple at a time, sucking, chewing, kissing . I had gone to heaven. Her tits moved up and down with her rapid breathing and we both groaned in ecstasy. My hands started to rub the smooth soft leather skirt, pinching her arse, making my way round to the front to squeeze and rub her pussy through the slippery material. It felt so erotic I knew I wouldn't be able to hold out much longer. I had to have her now. I drew my lips away from her nipples and bent my head down to her pussy, ready to lift her skirt. Slowly I peeled up the shiny soft leather; its squeaky sound turning me on even further - and then I saw stocking tops and garter belt. Complete overload! Just too much for a horny guy to cope with. I could feel the pre-cum oozing. I immediately parted the tiny strip of silk covering her pussy. She was wet, dripping in fact. I inserted one finger, then another. She groaned as I inserted the third. Pushing them in and out I told her I needed her now. In response she parted her legs further.

"You are on the pill aren't you?" I asked, realising I was carrying nothing on me. The last thing I wanted was to make her pregnant. She assured me she was, so I began to unfasten my zipper. My cock sprang out. "God I've wanted this for so long."

"Me too!" She continued. "I've dreamed of this day. Since that time at your house it was only ever you I wanted; I want you to take my virginity. It seems a long time I've been saving myself just for you"

OMG! Complete and utter shock. Nothing else could describe what I felt. I stopped abruptly. "You mean you haven't had sex before - you're still a virgin?". She made it clear again she was and that she wanted me to be her first. To take her, to teach her; to make love to her for the very first time. She wasn't sure if she was in love or in lust with me. I felt overcome with the responsibility I now felt towards her. This couldn't be a simple fuck against a tree. This had to be beautiful. Something she would always remember.

I zipped up my trousers and pulled down her skirt. "You need to dress. We can't make love here, we need to find somewhere private. Your first time needs to be special and are you really certain you want to do this with me?" I asked. But she was adamant. She didn't want it to be with some cock sure jock at uni. She fastened her bra and closed her top and told me she had an idea.

"Follow me." she said.

She took my hand and led me through a gate at the end of her garden, leading to the full moonlit fields and spinney beyond. There we came across a summer house. She explained they used to sleep in it as kids. She lifted a large rock and underneath there was a silver key. She unlocked the door and led me in. It was perfect. So cute inside, homely. There was a kind of mezzanine floor with a bed. She took a candle and some sheets from a drawer and the two of us made up the bed together. "Now," she said "I'm more than ready for you."

She stood in front of me and placed her lips on mine. I gently stroked her beautiful face then wrapped my arms around her. We both kissed deeply and passionately, more love than lust this time I think. I slowly moved my lips down her throat towards her breasts. Taking the zipper in my hand once again and fully opening the whole length. I discarded her top then unfastened the clip at the front of her silk bra, releasing her stunning breasts. My eyes immediately drawn to her fabulously large nipples. I bent my head to them and gently suckled for what seemed hours. I could have remained attached to them all night. Eventually I told her to turn around so that I could unzip her skirt. Normally I would have enjoyed fucking her in leather, but tonight was different. I wanted her naked. Virginal. Hopefully I would get to fuck her in that skirt in the future.

I unzipped the shiny skirt from top to bottom and threw it on to the floor. I drew in breath at the sight of her stood in her seamed stockings, garter belt, thong and heels. "Turn back to me." I instructed. Her black thong fastened at both sides which I carefully unclipped, pulling it away from her beautiful cunt. Just a small triangle of blonde hair remained - proving she was a natural. I bent down and pushed her legs open, inserting my tongue into her cleft. I licked and kissed her opening, gently making my way to her clitoris. I heard her groan with ecstasy. "Step out of your shoes." I said, then slowly unfastened her suspenders, kissing and licking as I peeled down each stocking one at a time. Finally I removed her garter belt. I laid her on the bed. Completely naked, voluptuous, beautiful - my golden haired virgin. 

I stood a while to take her in. From her amazing tits to the small triangle of golden hair. I just couldn't understand why this stunning young creature had chosen me, an older man. Love can strike in so many different ways I guess. I slowly stripped off my clothes. My prick looked hard and large and I saw her looking. It was time now. I lay down next to her and gently kissed her. I could sense she was nervous. "I'll take care of you." I said. My lips headed towards her nipples - gently sucking and stroking. Gradually working my way down to her cunt. "Open your legs wide." I gently instructed. I parted her beautiful pink glistening lips and kissed, licked and sucked, pushing in my fingers at the same time. She was incredibly wet and soft. Ready to be taken. I mounted her and straddled my legs over hers. She watched me intently, our eyes locked as I started to enter her. Slowly and carefully I pushed in; little by little. I felt her body tighten as I pushed further then she groaned as I pushed all the way. I was fully inside her.

"Are you ok?" I asked tenderly. She said she was good so I started to move my cock in and out. I knew I wouldn't last long, but maybe it was better that way for her first time. I lay on top of her. We cuddled each other and kissed passionately, as if we never wanted to let go. She groaned as the rhythm of my movements grew faster and harder. "You're so beautiful." I whispered as I exploded inside her.

We lay together in silence for a while. Wrapped in each other's arms, softly kissing and stroking. "That was so amazing, so special," I said. "I was your first, but you were my first too. I have never made love to a virgin before." I continued.

"Oh God I love you." She said. Did she really or was it simply how a young woman would imagine love would feel? What did I feel for her? I knew my feelings were strong. A strong sense of jealousy and protectiveness towards her and my absolute lust for her. This could be love.

I told her we should get cleaned up and return to the party. She told me where to find bottles of water and soft cloths. I quickly cleaned the length of my cock then climbed the stairs with water and cloths in hand. "Open your legs." I instructed. I started to wipe her damp cleft but felt my erection rising again. Before I could stop myself I had disposed of the cloth and was now parting her beautiful moist pink lips with both hands. Holding them wide open I inserted my tongue. In and out, in and out. Kissing, licking, sucking her lips. She groaned as I worked on her pussy, eventually making my way to her clit. Gently licking, kissing, sucking. Her body writhed and arched as I increased the pressure. She was not far off now. More intense sucking and licking until her body jerked and spasmed as she climaxed against my tongue and lips. I continued to gently taste her until she relaxed.

She instructed me to lay next to her. She wanted me in her mouth. She took my hard cock in her lips. Gently licking and chewing the crown. Then stroking up and down with her hand, using her saliva as lubrication. Up and down with her hand, in and out of her mouth, her huge beautiful soft tits rubbing against my thighs. Within minutes I exploded into her mouth. She licked my cum from around her lips and gently swallowed it. She told me I tasted good. She wanted to clean me now. She took my cock in her mouth again, licking and sucking off all my remaining cum. This girl was incredible.

Suddenly a loud noise at the door. "Dani are you there?" Her sister's voice. Banging on the door. Shaking the handle. Thank God the door was locked. Dani blew out the candle. The voices grew distant. Gone, quiet now. We hurriedly cleaned up and dressed, surprisingly not appearing too disheveled. We locked the door and replaced the key then both grabbed each other and kissed deeply one more time. I saw the tears forming in her eyes.
