 I was really skinny in middle school. In high school I started, but barely, to develop breasts and hips. I didn't date very much at all, guys were interested in the cheerleader types with big boobs. I continued to develop and in college started to look like a girl. My second semester I dated Carl. No way was he the guy I wanted to spend my life with. In fact, he was pretty dumb. But for some reason he was interested in me. 

After about six dates over a couple weeks we found ourselves a little. Late one evening he had his finger in my vagina and I had my hand wrapped around an honest to goodness erect cock.  I should have realized that I was going to become a cock hound because holding that thing was the absolutely sexiest thing ever. Warm and solid. I moved my hand and the skin actually moves.  I guess I moved my hand more than I thought because the next thing I know he's shooting loads of sticky cum all over my hand and his pants.  I apologized and he lets me know that I didn't need to, that he loved the 'hand job' that I didn't even know I had given him. I'm sure we would have moved on but he flunked out. I had my little taste of sex and loved it and wanted some more. 

Meantime, through the college, I took a number of temporary jobs. With a scholarship and money from my parents I could pay tuition and room and board and books but I needed to earn my own spending money. One of those jobs was  as an office temp, doing filing and simple clerical work at a company that fabricated metal furniture. One of the sales guys, Doug, was really cute and he used to flirt with me a lot. I have to admit that I enjoyed it.

He kept telling me how pretty I was and what a great figure I had and then started asking me about my sex life. I hemmed and hawed and never really answered but I know he figured out that I didn't have a sex life.  Anyway, he suggested that he could give me a big orgasm and I'd still be a virgin and also wouldn't have any risk of pregnancy. He told me that he bet I'd be delicious.
Well, I had no serious experience but I'd watched everything on the 'net and knew what he was talking about, oral sex. And I was horny as all get out. So I agreed.

Well, it was absolutely, unbelievably great! So we arranged to meet at a motel the next day after work and we both got naked and he did it again. And then we messed around a little and he fucked me. And I loved it. I also learned I loved his cock. From then on, every time we met, things start with me sucking his cock. I think I could suck cock forever, it's just the sexiest thing possible.

I know it's wrong. I know he's married. I don't want to take him from his wife and family, I just want to continue having sex.  I love it. He starts making noises about how he shouldn't be doing this.  Now, this Thursday, at about 4:10 in the afternoon, I'm arriving at the motel and I get a text message on my phone saying, 'Sorry, can't make it.' I'm almost salivating just thinking about his cock, my pussy is extremely wet in anticipation of his eating me and fucking me.  And it isn't going to happen. "Fuck, fuck fuck," I say out loud in frustration.

                                                           . . . . . . . . . . .

If I manage to live for two more days, I'll get out of here. It isn't guaranteed that I'll make it. Every day we go out on patrol and have to stay seriously alert, not missing anything. I've had seven guys over the last year not return from these patrols. Seven guys I knew. When you're stuck together like this, you know each other like brothers even if you've just met. So this has been like seven brothers I've lost to these uncivilized ragheads and they'd be very happy to get me too. 

I go no where. When I'm not on patrol I'm asleep or I'm doing sit ups and push ups. I also think too  much about what I'll do when I get back to the states and find a willing, cute girl. This is not a place where you can go out after work for a stroll. Some guys gamble, some do drugs. I want to get back and finish college and be healthy and start leading a normal, civilized life so I just do my exercises, dream about girls or read.

I make it. I get to the air field alive and sit in one of those metal buckets for hours and hours and land back in the US of A.  I put in my three weeks of dull time and get discharged.  I head to the town where the college I went to before I enlisted is located. Through a friend, I have a lead on a job that I can have to earn money while the government pays for my education.  I've got my separation pay in my pocket. I find a room in a motel not far from the train station. It's unusually cheap because the road in front of it is torn up, under construction.  I'll stay here for a few days while I interview for the job and find a more permanent place to live later, near the college.

I leave the motel the afternoon I arrive, figuring that maybe I can have a beer and start remembering this town. The street in front of the motel is all messed up, looks almost like a small lake, in fact. They must have broken a water main earlier. There's a really attractive girl that's walking this way and just stopped to look at her phone.  That's exactly the kind of girl I hope I can find, really good looking body, nice face, long hair. Very pretty.  Then a couple things happen.

I see this huge truck coming that's sure to splash a wave of water up on her and me.  Plus, she stops and stares at her phone and says, "Fuck. Fuck. Fuck."  She's really pissed about something. I actually run a couple steps to her. I want to grab her arm and move her back further, away from the truck. "Ma'am," I manage to say as I reach for her. She looks up at me momentarily and we both get totally drenched in a huge wave of not quite clean water as that damn truck goes by and keeps on going.  Really, seriously drenched. It's like someone poured a couple buckets of water on each of us. 

I just stand there and say "Motherfucker,"  meaning the truck driver. She sort of  shakes her arms, like she's trying to shake the water off and says, "What the hell?"  She's really wet. Soaked. Her hair is down partly over her face. I have to admit her tits show up good through her wet blouse. She's got a nice rack.  "What happened?" she asks.

"A truck went through that water there and sprayed a huge wave over us," I reply. "I wanted to warn you but I was too late. Sorry." 

"You're soaked," she says, looking at me.

"Yeah, so are you," I reply again.

"Well, what else can go wrong today?" is her next comment.  She shakes her hands some more, feels her clothes and discovers how wet she is. "What do I do now?"

"Well, I'm going back to my room here and change clothes," I say to her. "You're welcome to do the same."

"I can't change clothes, I don't have any others here.  I guess I should get out of these, though, and wait until they're dry."

"You can use my room if you want," I tell her.  So the two of us, totally soaked, head into the motel lobby and down the hall. I unlock my door and we both go in. It's not a bad place, nice room, big king-size bed, large, clean bathroom.

"I'm Lauren," she says, holding out a hand. 

I take her hand and hold it, softly, "I'm Tim," I say.

"Are you single?" she asks.

"Single?"

"Yes, married or engaged or anything?"

"Oh, no. I mean,yes, I'm single."

"Do you like girls?"

"Like girls?"

"Yes, as opposed to liking guys."

"Oh. Well, yeah. I like girls."

"Do you have any venereal disease?"

"What? Uh, no, I've been out of the country for a couple years, no girls at all."

"Good," she says. "Well, I might as well get out of these wet clothes."  She lets go of my hand and starts unbuttoning her blouse.  I'm not sure what I should do. Turn my back maybe.  But I just stand there and watch her.  She pulls off the wet blouse and goes to the closet and finds a hangar and puts the blouse on it. She then unfastens something at her waist and drops her skirt down and steps out of it and turns to the closet and hangs it, too. She kicks off her shoes and is standing there in a bra and panties. "Well, shouldn't you get out of those wet things?" she says to me. I'm just standing there staring at her. She gorgeous, has a figure that could be in a magazine. I mean, I haven't seen an American girl in a couple years and I haven't seen one in her underwear for even longer than that.

"Oh," is the brightest thing I can come up with and I start unbuttoning my shirt. Meanwhile, she reaches behind her back and unfastens her bra and slips it off her shoulders and takes a couple steps to lay it over the back of a chair.  She has really perfect tits, nice and full with nipples on the end that are big and pink. 

"We're going to need a shower," she says as she starts pushing her panties down a couple very shapely legs. I can see her pubic hair, it's light brown, darker than the sort of muddy blond hair on her head.  Shit, she's naked! "You need to get out of those wet pants," she says as she starts unfastening my belt. This gorgeous naked woman wants me to get my clothes off!  Welcome home, Tim, I hope. Have things changed that much while I was gone?

I push each of my my shoes off with my other foot while she gets my belt unfastened and zips down my fly and starts lowering my pants. As I step out of them she takes them over and hangs them in the closet with her clothes and comes back to me. I've taken off my socks. "Now the boxers," she says and takes hold of the waist and starts pulling them down.  She actually slowly kneels down as she lowers them. I'm embarrassed because my cock is fully erect. Really big and as hard as it can get.  She looks at it and smiles. "I guess this means you like me," she says. She leaves my underpants on the floor and as I step out of them she takes hold of my cock with one hand and sort of fondles or holds my balls with the other.  She leans forward and licks the side of my cock and then licks around the head. 

"I know this makes me look bad but believe me, this is only the second cock I've ever done this to, so please just think sexy and enjoy. We can talk and I'll explain later," and  with that she puts her lips around it and starts swallowing it, licking and sucking as she goes. I've been in Afghanistan and haven't been with a girl in years and the last blow job I had was in my sophomore year in college, just before I enlisted in the Army. Either this girl is much, much better or I've just forgotten over time.

                                                              , , , , , , , , , , 

I know this guy, Tim, thinks I'm a slut, maybe even a whore who's going to ask for money later. But his cock is beautiful. A little bigger than Doug 's, the only other one I've ever seen up close like this. Fatter. Maybe slightly longer. Really, really sexy. I think I don't just have a like for cocks, I think maybe I have a need. Like my body or psyche or whatever actually needs a cock to suck and fuck.  I was going to wait until after a shower but I can't. I need it too much.  I really have to open wide to get this in me. It's perfect! I slide my mouth down it, licking and sucking and tasting as I get half or more into me before it hits the back of my mouth. 

I love this so much. I slide my lips back, letting the head pop loose for a moment. I'm holding the base with my right hand, his balls with my left. His hairy balls.  The beautiful cock, shiny with my saliva, waves in front of me for a moment and I grab it again with my lips and again take it more and more into my mouth. I  pull my shoulders back a little to line up my throat so I can get a little more of it into me.  So very, very sexy!

I slide back some again and then swallow it again. It's so firm and whole and sexy, I use my lips to move the skin on it and suck it way down into my throat. Umm. Then back out a little and then back in. I could do this for hours I think.  He has his hand on the back of my head, helping hold me to him. I guess that means he likes what I'm doing. His hips move, pushing him into my mouth a little more. I know he likes it.  I keep moving my lips back and forth, holding him tight in my mouth. 

I can hear him, "Shit," and then a pause and then "I'm going to cum."  I suck on him even harder, move my lips faster. I take him as far into me as I can, down my throat just a bit and he starts shooting cum. I can feel it. I slide my lips back so that I'm just holding the head in my mouth. I want to get a mouthful, I want to taste it, enjoy it.  I bet it has been a while, as he said, because he's really continuing to shoot his sperm into my mouth, more than Doug ever did.  Fuck, this is sexy. Perfect!

I sit back and lick my lips, still holding his cock. I look at it. It's much redder  now, shiny.  He bends down some and puts his hands in my armpits and pulls me up. I have to let go of that gorgeous cock. He moves his arms and puts them around me and holds me tight. I look up at him and he looks at me and lowers his head and kisses me. 

"Your turn," he says, "Now I get to do everything I used to fantasize about in Afghanistan." He bends some and uses his arms to pull my legs out and picks me up and carries me to the bed and lays me on it. My back is on the bed, my butt barely so, my legs off in space.  In no time he's down between my legs and is licking my pussy.  He has his hands pulling me open some and is really working his tongue fast and hard.  He sort of grabs my whole vulva with his lips and sucks on me and then gets his tongue on my clit and flicks back and forth. I'm not trying to say anything, just enjoy what he's doing, but I can hear myself moaning.  He pushes a finger into my vagina. Fuck this is great. He's really licking me fast, sliding his finger in and out fast. I probably won't last much longer than he did. I was really, really in need of this.

I know I have to be getting wetter, I can feel myself getting more and more aroused. "You are seriously delicious," he says and again uses his whole mouth to try and suck my pussy in. Then back to pushing his finger into me and licking my clit.  I cum. I can feel it. I know I'm making all sorts of noises and my hips have to be jumping.  He pulls away from me and I look at him. I don't want him to stop. "No . ." I start to say and then I can feel that big fat cock is pushing into me. 

I can feel it spreading me, forcing me wider open than I've ever been. It would probably hurt except it feels so great. It's exactly what I wanted to happen.  I can feel him way inside me. I have my legs around him, my heels on his butt. "Fuck me," I tell him. He just grunts and pushes and he's all the way, I can feel him up against me. I just grunt and he pulls back some and I try and hold him to me with my legs, pulling on him, and he pushes back into me, all the way again.  And then over and over and over. 

I look at him as he fucks me and I realize he's got a great body. Lots of muscles. Much more desirable guy all around than Doug.  He pushes even more and I'm sliding backwards onto the bed. It's awkward for a moment, his cock is fully in me and he moves some, forcing me around a little, and then I realize he has his knees on the bed and he starts to really pound into me, banging with all his might.  My mind is going nuts, this is just so great. My whole body is involved, moving, accepting his cock. I'm pushing back as much as I can. Then he's pushing even tighter into me and I can feel that his cock is jerking some and he's filling me with his warm semen.

He almost collapses on me. I put my arms around him. His cock is still in me, my legs are still up around him. I kiss his shoulders and he does a little push up and looks at me and leans his head down and kisses me on the lips.  "You're a gift from God," he says. "I used to dream about being with a girl and you're prettier and sexier and built better than anything I ever imagined. I should have spent some time on those gorgeous tits but I was too hungry for your pussy." He then slides back and down, taking his weight off me, forces his face between my legs and kisses my pussy, or close to it, then rolls onto his side next to me.

I roll toward him so we're facing. "I'm finishing my sophomore year at the college," I tell him.

"You don't need to explain," he interrupts.

"But I want to," I tell him. "Anyway, I dated a little and fooled around a little but never did what we just did until a couple months ago. Through the college, I got a temp job at a local company. A good looking salesman there flirted with me and I liked it. He asked me about my sex life, which was nonexistent, and then offered to give me an orgasm just using his mouth and fingers and said I couldn't get pregnant that way.  Well, I was inexperienced but not stupid, I knew what he was offering. And I was horny so I said yes. Well, it was terrific. So, we've been meeting here at this motel a couple times a week for a couple months and having really great sex.  I learned that I loved sex. More than that, I think I'm an addict, I don't just like it I require it. And I learned that I'm mad about an erect cock. A cock is the sexiest thing in the world.  So, I'm coming here to have another great couple hours of sex and I get a text message saying he can't make it.  I'm really, really all primed for sex and it isn't going to happen. Then you and all that water came and we're here and I should have moved slower but I really, really needed to do everything we've just done."

He kisses me again and puts a hand on one of my breasts and sort of fiddles a little with my nipple. "Lauren, I went to college here.  After my sophomore year, either out of patriotism or stupidity, I enlisted in the Army. I've spent four years doing stints in Iraq and Afghanistan and I just got discharged yesterday.  I'm going to find a job here and a place to stay and then enroll in school and finish my degree. I spent a lot of nights in crappy countries thinking about what I'd do if I ever managed to find a sexy girl. And you're prettier and sexier than anyone I ever dreamed up, which is why I said you were a gift from God. Maybe it's just a lucky coincidence but it's way too good for just coincidence.  You're even very horny, maybe more than me. I think it'll be a challenge to satisfy you but it's a challenge I welcome. I'm sure willing to give it a try."

He's still diddling my nipple. I lean to him and kiss him. "We should probably get that shower now," I say to him.

Well, it's the best shower of my life up to now.  He's built amazingly, really really fit with loads of muscles.  I use my bare hands and soap and wash him, he does the same to me. As I spend time on his cock and balls they start coming back to life again. I kneel on the shower floor and get my lips around his cock and suck on it. He gets harder and harder as I slide my mouth back and forth on him. He bends down and gets his hands in my armpits and lifts me up and kisses me and then starts kissing down my body. He fondles my breasts and sucks on both nipples and then kisses on down over my stomach, kneeling on the floor. He uses a hand to pick up my left foot and raise my leg and put it on his shoulder. I stand on one foot with my hand on his head to balance me and he starts licking my pussy. Fuck, this is just so great!

He stands up, holding my leg up and gets his cock aimed up into me and pushes into me, pressing my back against the wall. He fucks me standing up. This is the first time this has happened to me and I love it.  The warm water is poring down over us and he's fucking me and fucking me. I get my other foot up and wrap my legs around his waist and get my arms around his neck and hold on. He pushes up into me and as he pulls back my body weight lowers me a little and then he pushes in, lifting me again. Over and over and over.  I already know I like him a lot more than I ever did Doug. I may want to make Doug suffer a little but, truthfully, I'm done with him. Tim's what I want right now.
