 It had been five weeks since I first saw him. 

There was something there from the first moment I laid eyes on him. I think it was his eyes, but there is no doubt about it, he is the total package. He had straight dark brown hair, golden brown eyes, a long straight nose, a mega watt smile, broad strong muscular shoulders, rock hard abs with just a hint of his love for ice cream, and his calves were nice and firm sticking out from below his shorts. Too bad he was wearing clothes the first time I saw him or I would have made the first move then. 

It never fails; I'm always a little shy when meeting people for the first time, especially if they have rock hard muscular bodies. So it took a few weeks before we had mutual friends introduce us at an off campus party on a Friday night. When I found out his name is Daniel Craig, I was flabbergasted. How in the world did he happen to share the same name with one of the hottest Bond guys in the whole franchise?! Let's just say I totally forgot about the fair skinned Bond, in favor of the tanned Adonis standing in front of me. When I recovered my ingrained social graces, I asked him "How many times do you get called 007?"

He laughed and said "Not as much as you would think. So how many times do you get asked "How's the weather this summer, Summer?" 

I smiled as I repeated his words back to him, "Not as much as you would think." 

I'm glad he laughed at my lame joke, and came back with one of his own just as lame, because my mind was wondering when I could use my leather riding crop on him, tied up, naked, in a bottomless chair. I proceeded to have a conversation about our double Business and Geology majors while controlling my natural tendency to drool while gazing at the fine specimen of an earthly, muscle bound god in front of me. Who would have guessed we would both be double majoring in the same thing. Lucky me, he had just transferred to Bearkat Country. 

As the night grew long, and the party dwindled, we realized our friends had left us long ago. The only people left were the couples moving to secluded dark corners and rooms to pursue each other's bodies. Daniel and I both flushed crimson as we realized this. He offered me a ride back to my apartment since my roommate was one of the couples lashing her own personal Bond with her tongue on his already bare chest. 

I was brave enough to invite Daniel in for some freshly made sweet tea. I'm glad he accepted, and though it was late we were both wide awake. Being home helped me to let my guard down some, and I started rolling my head on my shoulders since I'd started the day with an 8am class. When Daniel saw this he said "Come here Summer, I'm going to give you a neck massage," as he patted the space on my leather couch beside him. 

A little hesitant, I joined him and pulled my long fishtail braid in front of my shoulders. For the new few minutes I was silently moaning as he began a slow, firm and relaxing message. Daniel started at the base of my skull with his powerful thumbs, slowly working his way down either side of my spine in a soothing circular pattern. From the base of my neck and outwards to my shoulders he then used all ten, long firm fingers to release all tension in my upper body as I heated up on the inside. The slow warm tingle that started deep within me, gave me goose bumps from head to toe, and put a moan in my throat I could no longer contain. 

As I moaned, Daniel continued to massage my shoulders as he asked me, with his voice low and husky right in my ear, "Do you feel this deep inside you?" I could only respond by moaning a little bit louder and longer this time, because I was still slightly embarrassed that my body had given so much information to him in such a short time. 

He continued the slow, relaxing message, and leaned in close again. This time I was listening a bit closer as well as enjoying the warmth that was heating up and spreading from deep inside me, and I caught that his breath had quickened as well. His deep voice was just above a whisper as he said "Keep your eyes closed and let me guide you." I could only nod. With his left hand he began a measured massage down my lower back to my waist line. He then massaged around to my side and back up to my bra line. Once he reached the elastic, he moved his hand to my arm as he slowly massaged down to my hand. Once he got to my hand he gently stopped the right hand on my shoulder and stood up behind me. My eyes opened wide. Why was he stopping?! He saw my shock and bent down to whisper in my ear, "Please, relax, I'm making myself more comfortable behind you. Trust me. Close your eyes again Sweet Heart." 

At the words "Sweet Heart" I willingly closed my eyes, and decided to fully enjoy anything he wanted to do to make himself more comfortable behind me. 

The next thing I heard was the soft rustle of a cotton t-shirt gliding over rock hard muscles. After this he bent down and began nibbling at my lower ear lobe as he worked my cotton t-shirt over my warm stomach and my blue lace bra. He stopped the removal of my shirt to keep sucking on my ear as his breath continued to quicken. When he paused to finish removing my shirt, I realized I was totally soaking wet where my thighs came together to protect the treasure within me. I was so happily surprised that my own personal tanned Bond could please me so well after officially meeting me so few hours ago. 

I felt him sit back down as he slowly pressed his left leg between me and the couch, and I felt as much as I sensed his cock awakening, to begin the search for my internal treasure chest, that was only getting wetter by the second. I was extremely pleased that he returned to the neck massage. However, I whimpered a small whine, because even though the neck massage was pure ecstasy by itself, I was craving more. Daniel did not disappoint and began a faster, but measured massage down both my arms as he gently pulled me into a reclined position against his firm chest, satisfying my need for skin to skin contact, and warming me even more. 

Daniel whispered in his low sexy rumble "Trust me Sweet Heart Summer," and he begins to nibble on my neck this time, while alternating with sweet wet kisses on my upper shoulders. 

He then slowly guided my hands from my upper thighs to my waist band. He asked me to unbutton my jeans in his heavenly deep, rumbling voice. I did. He then asked "Will you let me guide you Sweet Heart?" I could barely pant a soft "Yes". He used my hands to continue the massage, as he moved us closer and closer to my pulsing clit. "Keep massaging yourself Summer and your 007 will make use of his "handy gadgets"." I couldn't help it, I laughed. I love his sense of humor. With my massage to the soft space between my hips, and my 007 massaging the swelling soft skin between my things, we both forgot the laughter as the heat of our bodies produced a fine layer of moister on our skin. His fingers were finding the soaking wet opening to my vagina as he softly and quickly stroked my clit. I was rising my hips up to his hands in rhythm with the sweet, firm pressure. His left middle and ring fingers began the gentle and firm dig into my soaking vagina, as he curved them in towards my g-spot. 

With is right index finger firmly stroking my clit in the sweetest circles combined with pure, firm pressure, he whispered in my ear "Use your hands to pull out and massage your nipples." I began to lean forward but he stopped me with a tug on my ear lobe with is teeth saying "It's better with the lace pushing them up than to take the bra off Sweet Heart." 

I relaxed into his warm body again, pulled the lace down, freeing my nipples, and began to pinch and pull on my nipples like I will often do for myself, when I'm all alone and my body is screaming for the ecstasy of an explosion. He moaned as he watched my nipples harden and my own body increasing the tempo of his hands, and I moaned as I felt his cock strain against his jeans. Within moments my body took over and as he said "Come for me Summer", I exploded from deep within. As my body shook with orgasmic waves Daniel continued to keep going at a steady pace, prolonging the magnificent feeling of an orgasm on top of an orgasm. When I was spent, we continued to lay this way until while I took deep relaxing breaths. He removed his soaking wet fingers as he wrapped his arms around me and sucked all of my sweet juices off his fingers. Daniel then kissed me gently as I enjoyed the taste of juices on his tongue. I don't know how I feel asleep so quickly, but I do know that my beautiful 007 was holding me tight and sucking on my ear lobe.