 It had been quite some time since I'd seen Daniel.

His political career had taken a massive leap forward, arcing him away from me and the city where we lived. I did not begrudge him his success – after all, there was no formal agreement between us. The times we did spend together were more spontaneous and always fiery – neither of us had ever wanted to lose that intensity. So we'd kept our distance and that had worked out fine.

But late one Friday night my phone rang. I checked caller ID and noticed it was from Daniel. It was his home number – he was in town.

"Hello!" I said, unable to mask my delight when I answered the phone.

"Are you busy?" he asked casually.

"I could be. Got something in mind?" I was being coy.

"Yes," he replied. I knew it was on. "Meet me?" he enquired – as if he had to!

"Sure," I said, trying to be nonchalant. "Where?"

"The Plaza," he said. "The lounge in half an hour." 

"Okay," I said. I heard the phone disconnect at the other end and quickly hung up my handset. Half an hour! I ran for my wardrobe and quickly selected a black slip mini, my highest black patent heels and no underwear. I slipped the dress over my head, fastened the ankle straps of my shoes and teetered to the bathroom. I twisted my hair into dreamy waves, lightly powdered my face, highlighted my cheeks with a dash of pink blush, layered my eyelashes with thick brown mascara, ran red lipstick over my top lip then pressed it to my bottom lip, smearing the colour for a casual look. I took a silver choker from my jewellery box – it w! as one that Daniel had given me in Greece the previous year – and fastened it around my throat. Simple; elegant. I hoped Daniel would be pleased. I couldn't wait to see him.

***

I walked into the lounge of the Plaza Hotel, slinking in my dress, walking slowly and intentionally on my heels. There was no rushing in four and a half inch heels – only slow, seductive strutting. Daniel never liked to me to rush.

He was seated in a leather armchair, his legs crossed, a vodka and soda in his left hand. His eyes fixed on my face, then slowly drifted downwards to examine my breasts. They were naked under my dress, nipples erect, flesh heaving at the thought of being in close proximity to the most dynamic fuck of my life. I felt moisture begin to form between my legs – his gazed burned my skin and he knew it.

I approached the chair opposite Daniel and eased myself down into it. I noticed there was another drink on the coffee table before him. 

"I took the liberty," Daniel said, smiling and indicating the drink was for me. I leaned forward, the cowl neck on my dress dropping away from my chest, allowing Daniel a view clear down to my navel. I never took my eyes from his as I grasped the glass, drew it to my lips and sipped slowly through the straw. Vodka and soda with a hint of lime – Daniel had transferred his love of white liquor to me some time back. I loved that he'd expected my choice would still be the same. I sat back in my chair and beamed at Daniel. 

"Thank you," I said, meaning it.

"Come here," Daniel said, indicating his lap.

I looked around the lounge and out into the hotel lobby. The room was not full, but it certainly wasn't empty. Anyone gazing over would recognise Daniel – they would make instant judgements about me. But his wish was my command, and I couldn't get close enough to him fast enough, so I was not going to refuse.

I rose from my seat, paused to allow my short dress to slip back down over my thighs, then walked over to Daniel. I turned on my spike heels, manoeuvred myself between his legs, then lowered myself down onto his lap. He snaked his left arm around my waist and pressed his hot lips against my chest – that moisture between my legs suddenly became a torrent. I was mindful of soiling his suit pants, but my concern was irrelevant – Daniel slid his hand under the hem of my dress, collected the wetness there and began to massage my clitoris with it, his fingertips warm, inquiring, but welcome all the same.

"I've missed you," Daniel said quietly. He pressed his lips against mine and drove his tongue into my mouth. His kiss was insistent, passionate, and with his fingers manipulating my clit, I could feel my excitement starting to build beyond control. Daniel's grip on my waist tightened. He pulled his mouth from mine.

"Come," he said, indicating for me to stand up. I did as he wished, watching Daniel launch himself out of the chair then raise the fingers of his right hand to his mouth. He sucked my cunt juices from their tips, never taking his eyes off mine. I slipped my hand into his and he turned and lead me away from the lounge area.

I expected Daniel would whisk me away to a suite somewhere upstairs. But then Daniel has always been full of surprises – especially if they include more than a little risk. Instead of leading me to the lift lobby, he lead me to the ladies! He opened the door, barged in, careless of who else might be in there, dragging me behind him. 

Daniel pushed open the first cubicle, hauled me in after him, shoved the door shut and turned the lock to ‘engaged'. He unbuckled his belt, grabbed my wrists, bound them together with the thick leather strap then snagged it over the hook on the back of the door, wrenching my arms upwards, filling me with excitement – Daniel rarely used restraints. This would be a treat. He pulled the loose neckline of my dress down to expose my breasts and pressed himself up against my torso as he teased my already erect nipples. Colour rose in my cheeks as he pinched their sensitive tips and continued to apply pressure until I thought I would yelp out from the pain. Daniel covered my mout! h with his and pushed his groin up against mine – I could feel his cock, hard in his pants, bursting to be freed, but instead he drove his tongue deep into my mouth and kissed me feverishly. I'd never seen Daniel so intense, so driven – whatever had caused it, I didn't care. I wanted him to consume me.

Daniel released my nipples and took his tongue from my mouth to flick it over the inflamed pink flesh. He lowered his hands and I heard him unzip his pants. He stood back, pushed his trousers and shorts to his knees, bent forward, grabbed the hem of my dress and wrenched it up to my waist. Daniel glanced downwards and nodded with approval when he saw I'd completely removed all hair from my mons – all but a single thin landing strip. He grabbed my left leg, draped it over the crook of his right arm causing my pussy lips to gape open. The cold air briefly kissed the hot flesh between my legs before Daniel leaned forward and launched his turgid penis into my cunt.

I couldn't help but gasp out loud – it had been some time since I'd welcomed Daniel into my cunt. I had forgotten the size of his cock. It was almost more than I could handle – almost but not quite. Daniel gripped my right hip with his free hand and dragged his cock out of my cunt. I sighed at the sensation, the nerve endings coming alive from the friction.

"Yes," Daniel said quietly. "Your cunt belongs to my cock..."

He lurched forward again, plunging his cock upwards, pushing my arse against the back of the cubicle door, my right foot momentarily leaving the floor with the force of his thrust. He ground his hips against mine, rotating his cock within my cunt, which responded with loud squelching sounds – I was so excited by Daniel, my cunt was absolutely dripping wet.

Daniel's grip on my hip tightened and he with drew his cock again to begin thrusting in earnest. The force of each thrust was so powerful a soft moan escaped from my lips every time the head of his cock pounded against the inside of my cunt. The muscles in my torso were contracted and tight, my mouth hung open as my head drooped back against the door. Daniel pressed on, driving his cock further into my cunt with each upward thrust, cunt juices smearing all over his groin and running down the insides of my thighs as he worked.

"Fuck me harder," I whispered in Daniel's ear, and suddenly he slammed my body against the back of the cubicle door, the hinges rattling with the force. Daniel increased the fury of his pace, pounding his cock into my cunt, grinding my butt-cheeks against the cold laminated wood of the door, the lock shaking, its screws threatening to give way. Daniel leaned his torso away from mine, his eyes first on his cock, watching as it penetrated my cunt, then drifting back to my face, observing as I began to lose myself under his administrations. It was always like this – Daniel was never a simple fuck, he had to possess every inch of my body.

I could feel the muscles in my pelvis begin to respond to the pressure from Daniel's cock, my clitoris rubbing up and down the topside of its shaft. My orgasm wasn't far off and I knew Daniel's wasn't either. His breaths were sharp and short, this thrusts coming faster now, perspiration beading on his forehead, his eyes blazing dark brown, his eyelids hooded. I couldn't hold back any longer; I let my head drop back against the cubicle door and released a long moan as my orgasm washed over me in long shuddering waves, my cunt contracting around Daniel's cock, gripping it tightly, his cock exploding cum into my cunt in response.

Daniel kept thrusting though, prolonging my orgasm, fully drawing out his own until he was satisfied and spent. He leaned his body up against mine, my left leg still draped over his arm, the muscles in my wrists and shoulders screaming from being overextended for too long. Daniel rested his head against my bare breasts, my chest heaving from the effort of having fucked.

"Thank you Daniel," I said quietly. "I'm glad you're back."