 Daniel Craig, Chapter 2

A few hours later I was awakened by something soft yet firm, rhythmically stroking my clit. I'm happily surprised to remember that it's Daniel Craig, reaching around me and warming me up again with his long fingers. He slowly follows the curves of my hip and waist with his right hand up to my exposed breast and begins to circle my nipple with a finger. My nipple rises without hesitation while sending delicious shivers of longing straight to my g-spot, deep within my vagina. 

As I get wetter and wetter, Daniel gently leans forward and whispers "Let's get you out of those jeans and sexy bra." While my body is screaming no at the gentle stop of nipple and clit stimulation, my brain takes over and I move as fast as possible to comply. When I turn to look at Daniel slowly removing his jeans, I notice that his boxer briefs are soaking wet. He catches me looking at him and he grins with his mega watt smile. Seeing his reaction to my pleasure only makes me wetter. I'm so wet I can feel it start to drip down my naked thighs. 

Daniel then comes to me with a deep kiss, causing me to raise myself up on my tip toes as if I was already exploding, to return the pleasure to him. A few moments later he begins to slowly trail kisses down my chin, my neck, and then to each rock hard mini-mountain of a nipple. He doesn't stay long at the nipples, as he makes his way down to my throbbing clit. His tongue satisfies the void left by removing our remaining clothes. He guides me to a lying position as he continues to lick & suck on my clit, never breaking contact as I move. 

Once I am comfortable and already arching my lower back to meet his tongue, he sticks his tongue inside my vagina. Daniel's tongue feels as exquisite as his rock hard tongue strokes me fast and hard, I explode, showering him with my treasure juice. And my 007 can't get enough, so he continues to let me ride his rock hard, cock like tongue as I continue to explode and he devours my juices as they keep coming and coming. 

When the last waves of my orgasm subside he gently moves on top of me by trailing kisses up my body, to my mouth, where I again enjoy the taste of my explosion. He pauses to ask "are you ready for explosion number three?" in his husky and labored deep voice. I nod, and he gently eases his cock into me. I moaned loudly as I realize his fingers and tongue cannot compare to the amazing rock hard cock that is about to bring me to explosion number three. He's no longer patient and keeps rocking into me harder and harder. I hear his moans as my body heats up as I feel his cock swelling inside me. I can no longer hold back and an orgasm the size of Texas starts in my vagina and quickly radiates outwards as I scream in pleasure. 

With my orgasm, Daniel cannot hold back and he moans a deep growl as he slams into me until he is spent. We both stop for a moment as I enjoy the warmth of his liquid gold spreading inside my treasure chest. And then he begins to gently and slowly rock into me again, and I can't help it, I explode in orgasm again, this time only harder. I am so excited that he continues to gently rock into me over and over again. My excitement keeps him moaning, and I realize that as his moans get louder I am bringing him to another explosion of epic proportions. As his rock hard cock produces the liquid gold again, I do the same and come all over him. When the waves of ecstasy subside for both of us, he collapses on top of me and we both fall asleep. 

Chapter 3

When I wake again, I realize that it is day light and I have the most gorgeous tanned Bond guy snoring on top of me. I can't help but laugh at his snoring. This wakes him up and he asks "What?" with a confused grin on his face. I tell him "I love that you snore". He gets a good chuckle out of this, and we both know it's time to take a shower, since we are both covered in the liquid gold juices of our orgasms. 

I grin at him as I offer to let him join me in the shower. My 007 accepts without hesitation. 

After the water gets warmed up and we've both had a cool glass of sweet tea, I turn my back on the shower and motion him to come to me with my pointer finger as I wink. I ask him "So Mr. Bond, do you prefer to have your cock or your bum washed first?" He grins an answers "My bum as long as I get to wash your bum first Sweet Heart." Who can resist an invitation like that. 

We ease into the shower with the steam swirling around us, as I provide the soap and the wash-cloth. He's gentle as he walks me under the shower head and watches in amazement as the water runs down across my shoulder blades, then my large breast, while avoiding both of my extended nipples, then the water trails down my hips and around the apex of my inner thighs, and on down to me feet. It's silent, and I have no thoughts in my head as I watch in my own amazement that he is truly appreciating my body in the light of day. He breaks the spell gently by beginning to lather the wash-cloth with the soap, and pulls me to him with a kiss, and then he turns me around. Daniel asked me to lean forward and place my forearms on the shower wall so the water misses my head, hits mid-back, and flows down around my bum, and he proceeds to lather me up. 

007 chuckles as he washes between my legs and my bum cheeks and gently begins to probe my asshole. I'm shocked by the finger at my ass hole, but more than anything, it feels good. So I let him continue to probe a little deeper every third stroke. Before long I am moaning and panting again. Daniel ask me to spread my feet wider, and I happily comply as I feel his rock hard cock begin to probe the vaginal opening, as he strokes his finger in and out of my ass hole. I can't help but moan louder as his cock begins to ease into me. Already my body is responding as he rocks into me with his cock and his finger. As I push back into his rock hard body, it quickly sends me over the brink and I explode in orgasm around him. How he does not explode at this point I have no clue, but he manages to stay rock hard until my orgasm subsides. 

When I can stand up straight again, he turns me towards him, and begins to kiss me deeply, while holding me against his muscular body, and his throbbing cock. When we come up for air, he reaches up and changes the position of the shower head to point towards the rock shelf designed for enjoying a shower while sitting. Daniel walks us back to the shelf and asks me to slow sit down on him with my legs wrapped around his waist. As I do this, I am feeling extra wetness build up inside of me again, and I know that I'm ready to go at any pace he wants. I ease myself down onto his cock, and he sucks in a lung full of air, and then dips his head down to suck on a nipple. He moans softly and my nipple relays the vibrations to my g-spot. 

As he continues moaning, I speed up, and he can no long maintain contact with my nipple, so he moves his generous lips to my neck and ear lobes. He has one arm around me to hold me steady, and the other is to hold his body ridged as he rocks upward into me. I don't have the stamina to continue rocking into him much longer, because his cock is swelling in preparation to the increased vibrations inside me. He quickly explodes and holds me to him as the waves of orgasm spill out of his cock, warm and smooth onto my pulsing g-spot. We both sag with satisfied exhaustion, kissing until we can open our eyes again. 

It doesn't take long and the shower begins to cool down on us, and we finishing washing as quick as possible. After the memorable shower, I head to my room to find some clean clothes, and Daniel to the living room to pick up his. After I've gotten my sexiest lace panties on, and am finding a sexy tank top to match, Daniel walks into my room, still stark naked, with a half hard-on making his cock bounce up and down to each step. I see this and I stop to return the amazed gaze that I received in the shower. Not know when my roommate will be home, I walk to my tanned, muscular Bond, and pull him into my room with a kiss as I close and lock the door behind us. 

I guide him to my bed, which thankfully has clean sheets after laundry day yesterday. 

I say "007, it's time for a maintenance check up of your equipment. I need to verify that your gun can still fire the exploding rounds." And I am so pleased when Daniel laughs a deep rumbling laugh while his eyes twinkle in satisfaction while gazing at me.