 This is the sequel to "Night with Mr. Morgan".

*

"Mmmmm," Chris sighed as he buried his nose in my hair. "You smell like... I don't know... orchids," he uttered as he pulled me closer to him. I lay basking in the afterglow of another round of our lovemaking as he slowly began to kiss my neck. I arched my back into him and settled in, loving the feel of his steely arms around me. 

It was the dead of winter, but Chris Morgan, my sexy, older co-worker, and I were keeping the home fires burning. We are both teachers at a local middle school, and one crazy night last spring, we gave into our yearnings and have been at it ever since. Chris is over twenty years older than me, not to mention, we are co-workers, so we've been sleeping together on the sly and we've both relished every second of it. 

"I missed you over Christmas," I told him softly as he continued his assault on my neck. I began to feel myself get wet again. I crept my fingers down into the folds of my nether lips and began to caress my clit. I swear, being with this man made me insane. All I could do was think about sex and crave it when I am around him. It's addictive. 

"I missed you, too, Danielle," he said between kisses. Sensing my need, he pushed my fingers aside and fingered me till I was hot with need. "I think I need to do this."

Slowly, he turned around and laid on his back, pulling me on top of him. I slid down onto his glistening cock and rode him gently. I got on the Pill months ago so we wouldn't have to worry about condoms. And it was a good thing since we have sex almost everyday. 

I came again and again, loving every second of fucking Chris. He is the sexiest older man I'd ever laid my eyes on. Though chronologically he was forty-eight, he had the body and stamina of a man of nearly half that. 

"Back to school tomorrow, huh?" He said as we lay once again. "I hear there's gonna be a new guy replacing that gym coach they hired back in September."

"Really? I hadn't heard that."

Sure enough, the next day, which was our first day back after a long winter break, Mrs. Chandler, our principal, introduced us to Matt Phelps. I had to admit, he was adorable. I guessed him to be about 6'3", probably a little over 200lbs, and very muscular. He had that all-American boy look: sandy brown hair, greenish blue eyes, and very sexy dimples. He was twenty six and had just finished a degree in physical education. He had tried to get into the NFL right out of college, but had injured his knee. He had decided to go back to college to become a teacher and eventually coach football, which was his true passion. 

"Miss Gray," Mrs. Chandler approached me after the building meeting. Matt stood next to her. "I wanted to personally introduce you to Mr. Phelps. Now, I know you're not a PE teacher, but I paired Matt up with you because you're so close and age, and since you're a fairly new teacher and all."

I smiled warmly and shook his hand. I felt his gaze rake me appreciatively, but I was professional and ignored it. I had to admit he was looking very sexy in a pair of tear-away pants, gym shoes, and a Chicago Bears t-shirt. Mrs. Chandler left us to talk and we meandered to my classroom.

"So, if there's any questions you might have, feel free to drop in, Mr. Phelps," I told him. 

"Please," he said, a grin spreading across his face. "You're two years older than me and you're calling me Mr. Phelps? You better call me Matt."

I blushed and leaned on my door. I looked up at him and smiled. 

"Ok then, Matt," I giggled. "Feel free to drop in if you have questions."

As I turned to wave at Matt as he walked back to the gym, Chris stood and eyed me speculatively, his arms folded. I winked and walked back into my classroom.

Matt popped in more times that I could count over the following weeks. I have to admit I enjoyed his company. We were close in age, and he made me laugh. He was so much like the guys I had been friends with in college. One particular night, I was staying late to enter grades into my computer. I was going to meet Chris later that evening, and I couldn't wait. He had worn a pair of black dress pants that accentuated his perfect ass, and a grayish-green button down collar shirt. I sat at my desk imagining myself ripping his clothes off and taking his hard cock in my mouth when suddenly Matt knocked and came on in.

"Hey, Danielle, I'm not bothering you, am I?" Matt asked hesitantly. He looked exhausted as he plopped down in the chair facing my desk. He ran his hand through his hair and sighed. "What a long day it's been."

"I know it's rough, Matt, but the kids really like you. You've been here six weeks. The first year is the roughest."

"Tell me about it," he uttered as he leaned back. He eyed my desk and all the things neatly placed. I had pictures of my niece and nephews, some magnets, and a stuffed teddy bear that wore a sweater with my old sorority letters. 

"You're an Alpha Gamma girl?" he asked, a small smirk on his handsome countenance. "I remember that house being on my college campus. We called them the 'wham, bam, Alpha Gams'."

"Funny," I said sarcastically, swiping my bear out of his hands. "I only rushed because my best friend begged me. I barely had the money to do it, and besides that, after a while I went inactive. I did my share of partying, but I was intent on getting my degree. I started hanging out with the other English majors and dropped the sorority girl image pretty fast."

"Well, my life was football," he explained, a certain sadness creeping onto his handsome face. As he toyed with a pen cap, his eyes met mine and we shared a long look. "I want to be a good teacher, and when my knee fully heals, I can think about coaching high school, or maybe even college."

"It's good to set goals, Matt," I told him, trying my hardest not to notice his bulging biceps. He wore a long-sleeved t-shirt that was snug in the upper chest and arms. I couldn't deny it: Matt Phelps was gorgeous.

"Oh, I'm all about goal-setting," he said, a cocky grin spreading across his face. "I've had a goal since I first met you, and that was to ask you out on a date. That's if you could handle a night with a jock. I mean, I don't know much about Shakespeare and other writers, but I could tell you all about my the Famous Phelps move I perfected back in the day."

"The Famous Phelps move?" I said, a grin spreading across my face. "Sounds intriguing."

"So... what's it gonna be?"

I was completely torn. Chris and I had not set any boundaries for exclusivity, but it was understood we were monogamous, otherwise we wouldn't be having unprotected sex. I was on the Pill, of course. I genuinely liked Matt. He was kind, funny, and I couldn't deny my attraction to him. After a moment, I gave him my answer.

"It's a date," I said at last and enjoyed the look of relief spread over his face. "But, there's just one thing."

"What?" He asked, concern etching his features.

"Well, it's probably best we keep it mum," I told him. I explained that we were co-workers and typically, we shouldn't cross that line, but I also didn't want it to get to Chris. My heart seemed to fall a bit, and I felt a tiny bit of guilt as though I were cheating on him. But, it would just be dinner and a movie the following Friday. I doubted anything would happen anyway. 

"You have a friend coming into town?" Chris asked me as I undid his belt and slid my hands into his boxers. He was hot and hard, just the way I like him. 

"Well, yes," I told him as I slid down between his legs. It was amazing that we could have a conversation as I was about to give him a blowjob. I gripped his amazing cock at the base and began to lick the head. I loved his cock. "We can take a little break from each other for a night, can't we?"

I placed the tip of his cock back in my mouth and looked up at him. I knew he loved it when I did that. With my left hand, I caressed his balls while my tongue caressed and licked his throbbing member.

"Mmmmm," he groaned as I worked my magic. "Of course we don't have to spend... Oh, Jesus... every moment together, but... mmm... I was just looking forward to... You give such great head, Danni, being with you."

I jacked him up and down as I talked. 

"It's just that I haven't seen Jessica in a while, and we were just wanting to have a girls weekend, is all," I told him, placing his cock back in my mouth. I felt the guilt build in me as I pleasured him orally. 

"That's fine, baby," he said, caressing my face, too caught up in his lust to care. "That's amazing, Danni, now take those pants off and let me feel you fuck me nice and good." He stood and laid down, and I of course complied. The man was amazing.

Friday was at last here. My conscious reeled, but I kept reminding myself that Chris and I were not exclusive. In fact, it was Chris who went out of his way to ignore me at school so that no one would ever guess. And besides, Matt was so much fun. I knew we would have a great time.

We were going to a sports bar and restaurant for dinner and drinks, and later we were going to see a movie. I gave myself one last look in the mirror before heading to his place. He lived right across the street from the bar, so it made sense that I could drive by him. I had chosen a pair of low-rise jeans and a snug-fitting, low cut purple sweater. It felt good to be wearing sexy clothes for a change rather than my conservative, but far from frumpy, teacher clothes. I combed my dark hair and applied a tiny bit more blush and lipstick. I dabbed on my citrus-scented perfume, then grabbed my coat and keys. I had misplaced my cell phone somewhere, but as I thought about it, it was probably best I didn't have it on my tonight anyway. If on the rare occasion that Chris would call, there would be no awkwardness if it rang. 

Matt greeted me at the door of his apartment and I admitted he looked very sexy. He wore jeans, as well, and had chosen a crisp white button-down collared shirt and his cologne was divine. 

"Wow, Danielle," he sighed. "You look damn sexy."

I giggled and tossed my head back flirtatiously. 

"You don't look half-bad yourself."

The sports bar was filled with people around our age. Huge screen televisions lined the walls playing various sporting events. We found a quiet table in a corner where we talked for hours. My sides ached from laughing so much. 

"Shall we have another round of beers?" Matt suggested, pushing himself away from the table. 

"Oh, I don't think one more would hurt."

He returned with two mugs of frothy beer. I drank mine with gusto as I polished off my last onion ring. I had managed to lose those awful fifteen pounds, but every once in a while it was okay to splurge. 

"I haven't had this much fun since college," he told me casually as he drank the last of the mug. "I'm glad you decided to come out with me tonight."

"I've had an awesome time," I said. At that moment, I thought of Chris and I think my expression changed because Matt noticed.

"Are you alright?" he asked as he gripped my hand. He didn't let go, nor did I. It felt wonderful. 

I looked around and realized how much fun I was having. I was out on a date with a gorgeous guy who was not only kind and considerate, but he made me laugh, as well. Not once had Chris ever taken me out like this. Not once he and I ever discussed our college days. In fact, it was rare that we ever left the bedroom when we were together. I needed to snap out of this and focus back on Matt.

"I'm fine," I told him. "I was just thinking about how nice this is, Matt. I'm glad I met you."

"Listen, would you rather just go back to my place and talk instead of the movies? I've got beer and wine there if you'd like."

"That sounds great."

The hours seemed to fly by as Matt and I found just how much we had in common. We had similar backgrounds and experiences. He loved hearing about my family, and I did the same. When I glanced at my watch and it read after one am, I figured it was time to head home.

"I wish the night didn't have to end," he sighed. He leaned forward and kissed my hand. "You could lean over here and get a little kiss if you wanted to."

He grinned and his greenish blue eyes gleamed joyfully. His boyish good looks made my heart melt, and I complied, feeling his soft lips on my own.

I fell into his arms and continued that kiss, running my hands through his hair and over his stubbly cheeks and chin. He pressed me back down onto the couch and he held me in his arms as we continued that kiss.

We explored each other's mouths with our tongues and lips, and it wasn't long before he inched his lips down my neck, finding that sensitive spot that made me see stars.

"I think someone likes it when I kiss her there," he laughed. 

"Don't stop," I sighed. And he didn't. Before I could even think, his hands inched up my sweater and I felt him grasp my breasts. I sighed with longing. He tormented my nipples with his thumbs as I slowly began to unbutton his shirt.

"Hold that thought," he said as he released me. I held my hands to my lips to hold his taste and his touch there. Moments later, he returned and held out his hand to me. 

He led me to his bedroom where he had lit several candles. I couldn't believe how beautiful the room looked. 

"If you want to leave, Danielle, you better do it now," he said sternly, his hands on my shoulders and his forehead pressed down onto mine. "I wouldn't be able to bare it, but if you have to go, go now."

I closed my eyes and a zillion thoughts told me to go, but I couldn't let myself fall out of his embrace. 

After what seemed like an eternity, we were in bed together, and I gloried in the feel of his hands and mouth on me. He rolled atop me and I felt his hardness. I closed my eyes and arched my back as he kissed down my torso. Before long, I felt him part my nether lips and it was there he found me wet and ready. Without hesitation, his tongue gently assaulted my clit and I moaned his name. Before long, a finger intruded my woman's passage and he moved it in and out, and then there were two fingers. I fondled my nipples as the world collapsed beneath me. 

I swallowed hard and let myself come back to earth before I looked over at him. He studied me intently as he drew tiny circles around my belly button. I pulled him down to me and kissed him, tasting my musky flavor on his lips and tongue. My fondling hand felt his hard member and I felt him tense as I caressed him up and down. 

"Can I put it in you, Danni?" he asked quietly as I continued my assault. I had pushed him back and found him with my mouth, licking him and sucking him. "I want to bury this hard cock deep in you, Danni. Good God, please let me fuck you."

He handed me a condom, and I rolled it on his large, throbbing member. There was no turning back as I felt him penetrate me, and I relaxed and enjoyed the feel of him upon me. And in me.

He was slow and gentle, and I squeezed his cock with my pussy muscles as he moved in and out. His eyes widened as I continued my torture, and before long, I was working myself up in a frenzy as his thrusts became more wild.

"Oh, Matt, God, yes, keep pumping it in me," I said as I gripped the pillars of his headboard. "Don't stop."

I wrapped my legs tighter and kept my pussy muscles taut as he continued to pump faster and faster. My orgasm crept up on me and suddenly, it felt as though someone had poured a hot, sensual liquid over my whole being. I cried his name right as he tossed his own head back and moaned a long, delighted, satisfied cry. 

It was over. I held him as his head collapsed between my breasts. Our breathing more like panting, he stayed inside of me as I squeezed him a few more times with my expert grip.

"Holy shit!" he cried as his limp cock fell out of me. "That feels fucking awesome. I've never had that happen during sex." He suckled upon my nipples before he rolled off of me, making me yelp. My tits were always sensitive after fucking.

We slept well, and of course I wouldn't go home until I had had him twice. Early that morning, I rolled him over and woke him up with my mouth. Slipping a condom on again, I rode him senseless. 

I showered and he lent me a pair of sweats and a sweatshirt to wear home. Luckily I had my work out bag in the trunk of my car, so I had extra socks and gym shoes. 

We kissed deeply at the door and he finally let me go.

"I'll call you tomorrow, ok?" he said as he took his hands out from under my shirt. He was definitely a breast guy. "You look fucking sexy in my sweatshirt, you know that, Danielle? But it's my favorite, so you have to give it back." 

"You flatter me," I flirted. "And it even says 'Phelps' so I won't forget who it belongs to."

"You're fucking awesome, and you're a girl after my own heart. You like football, you drink beer, and you are a champ in bed. Will you marry me?"

We laughed and kissed some more before I finally took off for home. I would take a little nap, then try to get some papers graded.

I drove back home in a daze, feeling happy and satisfied. His sweatshirt was warm and cozy, and as I caught a whiff of his cologne, it made me smile as I thought about all the fun we had... and of course, the wonderful sex, as well. 

I pulled into the parking lot in a daze, and barely paid any attention to my surroundings. I unlocked my door and stepped in, only to find Chris sitting at my kitchen table. I had given him a key to my apartment about three months ago. I stopped in my tracks, unable to speak.

"Good morning, Danielle." He stood and held out my hand only to hand me my cell phone. It all came back to me as I realized I had left it at his place. He eyed me critically and took note of my clothes. "It seems you had fun with Jessica last night, huh?"