 CHAPTER 1

Danny's folk were going on a 400-mile coastal trip in the 7-seat SUV with his kid sister and his maternal grandparents. He pictured the vehicle being hot, sweaty and smelly and those conditions repeated in the rooms in cheap motels.

"I'm not going. It will spoil my summer."

His father Ted scuttled from the room, knowing a showdown was coming.

Felicity his mom looked at her nails and looked at her son's throat and said quietly, "Danny I know you are now eighteen and awaiting going to college but most of your friends have gone from the city for summer. You have the choice of coming with us or going to Aunt Lucy is she'd have you."

Danny's eyes rolled into his head.

"Stop that Danny. I'm ready to kick ass."

"Call your fat sister and see if she and Uncle Bert will have me."

"I'm fat Danny. I resent that label."

"You are lean compared with Lucy."

"Aunt Lucy. Oh really," said his mom, pulling in her stomach. "I'll phone her now."

Danny took the 1200-mile flight to Lucy's city thinking he'd cut at slot at the base of his bedroom door and Lucy could push his meals in and he'd sleep when he wasn't playing computer games undisturbed. That would allow Uncle Bert to fart and pick his nose undisturbed but Lucy would worry about her sister raising a hermit for a son. She had a daughter who was either a hooker or a celebrity chef; Danny couldn't remember which one it was and a son who was either gay or a prison warder. He didn't like either of their kids but the mother was okay, well in small doses. 

Lucy met him at the airport and slapped some lipstick over both his cheeks and allowed him to see down between her huge tits.

Jesus as big as they were her gut still poked out farther.

"I'm working for the next ten days without a break and you dear uncle wants nothing to do with you Buddy..."

"Danny."

"Oops sorry, Danny. Our nearest neighbor has volunteered to keep your occupied during the days to the best of her ability. Her husband knocks her around a bit and they have no children."

Danny groaned silently oh thanks. He was to be stuck with an old broad with her front teeth knocked out who would mutter to herself all day she'd kill the bastard.

"No thanks Lucy. I'll stay in my room. Just send in meals."

"Watch you mouth Danny. It's Aunt Lucy to you. And you will go with Chloe each day and do what she says. If she reports you have been uncooperative then I'll crack your bare ass with my broomstick."

"You'll what?"

"Listen asshole, I weigh 260 lbs and can lift this car up off its front wheels. If you fancy your chances of stopping me whacking your ass till I draw blood then I look forward to your one and only display of rebellion."

Danny swallowed and said politely, "Um I guess I can cooperate with Chloe."

"It's Mrs Wilson to you."

"Um time with Mrs Wilson sounds great."

When Lucy pointed Danny in the direction of Mrs Wilson's house next morning and drove off, Danny grinned thinking about Uncle Bert who appeared to be his own man. He'd said only three words to Danny, "Shit it's you!" and all evening had said no more than a dozen words to his wife and at breakfast ate silently and then left for work maintaining his silence, leaving his wife to speak to herself and to Danny.

He rang the doorbell thinking rather than woman with a mop and bucket answering the door she would be a gorgeous redhead with big tits and a small ass, if that were possible as a combination.

Danny almost peed himself in shock.

"Hi you must be Buddy, come in," said a gorgeous blonde with narrow hips and cute small pert tits and a black eye.

"Excuse my eye," she smiled. "I ran into a door."

"Danny."

"No it was my husband who hit... oh god, what am I saying."

"I'm Danny, not Buddy. Aunt Lucy fucks up names."

"She what?" giggled the blonde who clutched him to her and kissed his ear because Danny pulled away, knowing she was married.

"Are you frightened of me?" she said, adjusting an earring that had caught in Danny's hair.

"Can I have something to eat?"

"Oh yes, a confused and growing senior teenager. Have you had sex yet?"

"Food."

"Oh yes," she said, closing the door. "Are you adverse to answering questions?"

"Where's the kitchen?"

"Straight ahead, second door on the left."

Chloe handed two slices of toast bread to Danny who put a smear of butter on both slices and slapped peanut butter on one and blueberry jam on the other, pressed them together and took a huge bite while Chloe watched him fascinated.

"Why did you pull away when I attempted to kiss you? Are you frightened of me?"

He looked at his sandwich, ready to take another bite, but decided to answer.

"Nope but I'm alone with you, you are sexy and you're married."

Chloe looked rather startled. "At your age you find me sexy?"

"Yep. You're great looking, slim waist and legs and cute tits."

"Omigod Danny. You've made my day."

Danny took that overdue bite of sandwich.

Chloe waited till he was on to his final couple of swallows.

"Do you usually mention the word fuck to women you don't know?"

"No never. I don't want to get thumped."

"But you mentioned that word to me?"

"No I didn't. I said Lucy fucks up names. Fuck ups is common usage and doesn't mean fuck."

"Oh I learn something new every day," she smiled sweetly, watching most of the remaining portion of the thick sandwich disappear into Danny's mouth.

Anxious to learn more Chloe asked, "Have you fucked girls?"

Danny choked on mashed up bread and Chloe rushed and thumped him between the shoulder blades and out shot the wad across her croqueted tablecloth.

"Thanks. You caught me by surprise again using the word fucked."

"What was the other surprise?"

"When you opened the door and weren't the old hag with a bucket and mop that I had expected."

"Are you on dope Danny?"

"No of course not. I don't do illegal drugs. Lucy didn't say what you looked like and as I walked up to the door I thought it would be just my luck to be put into the care of an old hag."

"I really don't like that description of women Danny."

"Haven't you met any old hags? There are quite a few of them about. And mountainous women like Lucy."

"And women who look like me."

"Oh I really like the look of you Chloe."

"Aren't you going to call me Mrs Wilson?"

"No. You are too young and too cute to be a missus."

"I'm thirty-two, you must think I'm old."

"A couple of weeks back my date refused to have sex with me and flounced off to bed. But her mom worked out what had happened and grabbed me and we had sex. She'd thirty-eight and I thought that was old."

"Omigod," Chloe said, attempting to suppress laughter. "That really must have seemed old. How old are you?"

"Eighteen and five weeks. Oh and you asked earlier had I fucked girls. I don't touch under-age girls and females my age call themselves babes or young women. Do you want to show me your tits?"

"No," Chloe giggled.

Danny remained unconcerned.

"Well perhaps..."

"Nah don't. If you had the desire to do it you would have done it."

"Danny you must understand that sometimes females won't immediately do what you want and if they resist that's not necessarily a rejection. It's rather complicated isn't it?"

"Yeah and I've always noticed the complicated ways of females and I know other guys who think like I do too."

"Danny most women don't want men to think they are pushovers. Whores are pushovers. Do you know what a whore or hooker is?"

"Yeah I certainly do. Rosie the oldest girl in our senior class charged the guys for having sex with her and because of that the other girls disliked her. Females can get really bitchy. Rosie was one of the most popular girls with the guys."

"I bet she was. All this talk about sex must be making you hungry again?"

"Nah, that was thick bread. I didn't have much breakfast because Lucy made scrambled eggs and I hate eggs."

"Did you tell her?"

"No?"

"Why not?"

"She didn't ask and beside when I stayed with her four years ago I told her then."

"And here was I thinking you really were an uncomplicated guy."

"What?"

"It doesn't matter."

They conversed some more and then Chloe said she would change and they would go out.

"Those old jeans and top are okay. I don't mind being seen with you looking scruffy like that."

"Oh Prince Charming thank you. But I will change."

"Can I watch you undress and dress."

"I really don't..."

"I won't touch you. I just want to watch."

"I won't be changing my panties or bra."

"That's no big deal. You'll look ever more sexier to me in bra and panties."

"God I can't believe I'm going to do this."

Danny laughed and said he wouldn't mind.

"Who?" Chloe said nervously.

"God."

She laughed and said he was so funny.

Danny lay on the made-up bed without being invited.

Chloe faced him and undressed slowly.

"Like what you see?"

"Yeah. Did he give you those bruises?"

"Oh god you know. He gets a little rough at times."

"If he gets meaner then leave him or better still call the cops."

Chloe looked startled and bit her lip. She dressed quickly and grabbing a handbag said, "Let's go."

"You drive," she said, handing him the keys to the old VW Beetle.

"I bet he drives a late model car."

"How right you are, a two-year-old BMW. How did you know?" 

"I saw him drive it into the garage last night."

She laughed.

After she buckled up he asked, "Want to invite me to squeeze a tit?"

She said to help himself and watched his face closely as he felt over the mound nearest him and he then squeezed it firmly and said wow.

"Back out and turn sharp right just out of the garage on to the turning area."

"Yeah I'd notice it. What were you thinking when I felt your boob?"

"I rather not say."

"That's fine. Actually I think that tells me what I wanted to know."

The next morning when Danny entered the house he said to Chloe, "Show me your tits?"

"Get fucked," she giggled and then said lamely, "I really meant to say no."

"Both mean the same thing to me. It's okay he smiled. We had beans on toast this morning and so I'm not hungry. What will we do today?"

"It's raining. Let's go to the museum for coffee and food for you and then we'll look around and after more food and a nibble for me we'll do the city art gallery."

Next morning Danny entered the house and said show him her tits.

Chloe said, "Would you like to fuck?"

He waited for the hysterical laughter but she looked at him, expression unchanged, and obviously waiting for his reply.

"Oh great, that's brilliant Chloe."

"Jason will kill me if he finds out. He doesn't even know I'm hosting you like this. I'm supposed to be home studying for my master's in business administration. The company I work for has given me six weeks study leave prior to exams."

"Well from this afternoon you bring up your marked assignments on computer and I will ask you questions off them. We can fuck and morning and team-study each afternoon."

"Well in both instances let's see how we go first," Chloe said.

In the guest bedroom Chloe was unabashed as she stripped completely. He swallowed when he saw the protruding lips of her hairless pussy.

"Aren't you going to take off your clothes," she said gently.

"Oh yeah," he said, sending his T-shirt, shorts and underpants flying.

"Oh my, that's like a silver bullet."

Danny swallowed. 

"Um thanks."

He grabbed both tits and Chloe winced.

"Er Danny, since this is our first time together and probably not our last, would you mind if I, um, gave some information about what you should do to me?"

"Nah of course I won't mind. You've probably been fucked three or four times a day for years whereas I'm like a new kid on the block with only four fucks under my belt."

"Do you mean four times or four sessions?"

"I've penetrated pussies four times. Period."

"Excuse me?"

"My dick's been up a pussy only four times but I'm hugely experience at masturbation."

"Oh that's interesting. Danny first you should just kiss me quietly, no tonguing or dribbling."

"That's it, lovely. Now kiss me again and slowly left your hand, trailing it over my body as it heads for a boob so that I know what your intent is and prepare my mind for that contact because like many women my breasts are sensitive, particular when I'm thinking about having sex.

"You tits are not as big as my mom's and even some of the girls I know. Is that because you are slender and so you tits are not bloated with fat?"

"Er Danny. Might I suggest you never use those two words 'bloated' and 'fat' to a female? Breasts are mature when a female reaches the age of about seventeen and comprise milk glands and ducts, connective tissue and yes, fat. As females age the fat cells tend to increase as their general body size increases. But if you must talk about them use the term breast size and not fat. Females tend to not cope emotionally well with the term fat."

"Yeah don't I know that. Actually I know something about bodies from biology lesions. Tits have no muscle, eh?"

"Yes, very good."

"So when do I shove my tongue in your mouth?"

"Um about now would be fine. You are mauling my tit instead of massaging it gently. Ah that's better. Now lower your head and kiss the nipple."

"Oooh. Even suck it gently."

Danny worked at being a good student.

"Oooh. Very good boy."

"Is that making your cunt leak juice?"

"Why am I not surprised you expressed it that way? If you mean is this attention you are giving me making my pussy become damp, then I have to say yes. I don't think a woman would lie to you in this situation because she'll want you to know her body is prepared to receive your erection."

"Yeah they don't like a dry dick shoved into a dry pussy, do they?"

"No and that please always remember that. Usually it's not necessary to discuss that situation with a woman. When you insert a finger, providing she allows that, you'll feel whether she is dry or damp."

"Or streaming out juice?"

"Um I guess so. Now kiss me again and gradually and very gently attempt to slip your tongue into my mouth. Some women will not want you to tongue them, ever. Never force your tongue in... if a woman wants to pleasure you by allowing you access, her mouth with either be open to receive your tongue or she will slowly part her lips."

"Like lifting the portcullis?"

Chloe giggled and that shook her tits. That really interested Danny and he liked her comment he was 'excitingly expressive.' He thought wow, this was going to be some fuck.

Danny's tongue entered Chloe's mouth. Jeepers there was plenty of saliva and it was warm and tasted faintly like honey. As their tongues darted to and fro and entwined he felt his half-erection begin to stiffen and as Chloe's hand grasped it and she gave it a couple of gentle tugs his cock really thickened.

She pulled away from the sensuous kissing, disappointing him momentarily, but she began lowering slowly, dab-kissing his neck and upper chest and... jeepers... she was licking his nipples. Of fuck she was stretching one out with her teeth.

Oh boy.

Her tongue circled his belly button and then dipped into it while she continued to gently jerk him. His cock was now fully extended and the head was straining so much it was hurting slightly.

And then her mouth closed over the head after licking it.

Jesus. He almost filled her mouth with a load.

He settled.

She was on her knees now licking and sucking him AND jerking the shaft that was wet with her spit. No female had done both things to him simultaneous before. His head fell back and his mouth opened. He felt as excited as that one and only time his mom had sucked him off. He'd walked into the bedroom to find her nude, yanking at a tit and with a battery thing up her cunt. She was greatly embarrassed and screamed at him to get out but he stayed and she settled and offered to jerk him off if he promised never to tell anyone what he'd seen. He insisted she suck him and she agreed and when he came she sprayed her tits and rubbed it in, smiling at him, and then still smiling told him to fuck off and keep his mouth shut.

After that she never again reacted adversely when he walked into her bedroom and she was nude or only half dressed and she even yelled to him to bring her coffee when she was in the bath and didn't attempt to cover it. But she'd made it quite clear he was never to touch her. She appeared to go a bit softer on him for a few years before she began to become crabbier with everyone. 

Danny reached down and brushed Chloe's hair away from her face and she pulled her mouth off his erection and said good boy. Jenny Higgs had taught him to do that. Jenny had refused to allow him to fuck her thought although said he could go up her butt. Jeepers, what did she take him for? The guys called that being a poop pusher. Yuk.

He heated up and began tensing. Chloe must have known he was close.

"Er Chloe."

She sucked on his cock harder and sped up the jerks and with her free hand cupped his balls.

"Why was she going to swallow the lot? Why hadn't she sucked him with a condom on like Maria Angelini had insisted on that level of protection?

He began shooting, four powerful busts. Chloe streamed the shots over her face and hair.

She then scooped some up and licked it off her fingers, swallowing.

Jesus. Was she a hooker?

"Lovely," she said, smacking her lips. "I've been told a young guy's cum tastes the best."

"Um have you tasted many men's cum?"

"Mind you business," she smiled as she left for the bathroom.

She returned with three fingers up her pussy, making Danny boggle and tossed him a towel.

"Ready to make me cum?"

"I-I think so."

She said sweetly not to bother unless one hundred percent committed.

"Yeah I'm one hundred and ten percent interested. You blew me real good. Better than mom actually."

"What?" she said, looking one hundred and fifty percent focused on him.

"I-I was joking," he stammered and she looked less than convinced.

Instead of laying on her back, legs apart and with an expression as if they were about to have painful surgery as his babes did, Chloe squashed on to her face and tits and lifted her butt quite high.

"Want me to tell you how to make it good for me?"

"Yep. Nice ass."

"Oooh, thanks. First take a good look at my pussy and anus. I want you to feel as if you really know them."

He took a good look and for the first time was aware why writers referred to the anus opening as a rose bud. He spotted three tiny drops of moisture at the edge of her slit and blew on them.

"Jesus," Chloe yelled and jerked, almost smashing his face.

"Sorry."

"There's nothing to be sorry about. Who taught you that?"

"Taught me what?"

"It doesn't matter. Just get really close and blow gently again. I only bucked before because you caught me by surprise."

With that little exercise over she asked what did he intend doing now?

"Tongue your clit."

"Before you do that I suggest you push your face into my crack, aiming at the flesh between my cunt and asshole and you move your mouth about and blow and suck, gradually making more and more noise. You should be aware that is one of the best ways to arouse many women; it's known colloquially as eating ass. It makes them desire cock as if there was no tomorrow. Then after a while lick down into my big slit and back up and run your tongue light over my asshole."

"Your asshole?"

"Don't be a baby. I showered this morning."

"Are you sure it's okay?"

"Yes it's clean and I want you to do it."

Half an hour later, with instruction and keeping his activity to a slowly measured pace, Danny brought Chloe into a yelling, gasping release and he tasted it and loved it.

Oh boy.

