 "White, table for two!"

The hostess peered around the waiting area at the Black Heron restaurant for her guests. No one made any movement or tried to get her attention.

"White, table for two!" she called again a little louder.

An arm shot up in the air.

"Here," replied a deep voice.

The hostess followed the voice to a man seated near the far windows, holding a glass of whiskey.Alex White stood smiling at the woman; very tall, very handsome, and clothed in a dark blue collared shirt, tan pants and brown leather shoes. The smile the hostess returned to Alex had little to do with professionalism; Alex's presence, his bulging muscles, beautiful dark eyes and wide smile had a tendency to make hearts flutter, as it was doing now.

A woman the hostess took for his wife rose next to Alex.Danny Christiansen stood significantly shorter than her boyfriend, the top of her head somewhere around the middle of Alex's broad chest. Tonight she wore a set of black suede peep-toe heels that did nothing to detract from her dimensions.Now around halfway through her pregnancy, her babies were making their presence known. Her little belly was not so little any more, pushing out in front and pulling her cream coloured linen dress tight. While it was thin enough that the tiny mound of her belly button was visible through then material, there was little give in it, and so clung tight to her figure. Her waist had not been entirely lost with her growing proportions, tapering up to her expanding chest. She had increased better than a cup size, as evidenced by the voluminous pale cleavage she had proudly on display, visibly bouncing as she stood.

Her movements were slightly off as she came up to standing, a bit off balance, her knees just a little too far apart . The hostess reasoned that the woman must still be getting used to her size. And the delicate flush across Danny's face, she reasoned, must have been due to the discomfort of growing new life inside of herself. The hostess took another look at Alex and felt her heart pound slightly once more. Maybe that wasn't the only reason this woman was having trouble walking...

The hostess motioned toward the restaurant. "This way please."Alex put out an arm for Danny, a gentlemanly gesture rather any need for assistance, and they followed the hostess to their table.

"I must apologise Mr. White. I know you requested a table by the window, but we are unfortunately fully booked tonight. All we have left is one in the middle of the room," apologised the woman.

"Oh," started Danny, "Can we..."

"That will be fine," said Alex, looking about the restaurant with his hands in his pockets.

Danny's face flushed deeper. "...Yes, that's fine," she finished.

"Okay, well I can let you know if another table becomes available that we can move you to, if you would like," continued the hostess.

"That would be lovely," replied Alex.

The hostess motioned them to a table situated just off centre of the dining room space. The tables to either side of them were separated by nearly four feet, and each one was covered in a floor length rose-cream coloured linen table cloth. Each table was set neatly with two sets of knives and forks, a soup and dessert spoon, and two plates, one smaller, one bigger, stacked on each other, as well as a glass for red wine, one for white, and one for water. For the amount of equipment on the table, there was still enough space that they did not feel crowded as they sat down.

"Your waitress will be with you shortly," said the hostess, giving a perfunctory bow of the head, and a quick eye up and down Alex, before walking back to her station at the front of the restaurant.

Alex looked around. Black Heron was one of the swankier restaurants in the city area. The dining space could comfortably seat a hundred guests, another sixty in the standing room only hire space off to the right, and a few more in the whiskey bar to the left.The name gave an idea of the theme that would be found inside: the modern styling was dominated by blacks and dark tones, balanced by the warm rose-cream colours found in the décor and wallpaper. The focal point of the dining room was a large depiction of a black heron readying to take flight on the textured wallpaper of the exposed feature wall at the front of the room. Overall the impression was given that this was a tasteful, sophisticated place to dine and enjoy a well put together meal.

Danny slapped Alex on the hand. "Ass," she hissed at him.

Alex smiled. "You didn't like that?" he asked innocently.

Danny let out an exasperated breath. "I'm already swimming in my thong, I don't need you helping me to embarrass myself in front of the hostess!"

Alex smiled at his girlfriend broader.

True, something about the pregnancy hormones surging through her body made Danny uncontrollably aroused and constantly wet. Alex and Danny had always had a sexual relationship that they considered understanding, free and satisfying, but Danny seemed to be pushing even those boundaries lately. At home, they could be on the lounge watching the news, and Danny would put her hand down her pants, fingering herself to orgasm while the weather was being forecast. Many morning's she would wake up and make herself cum immediately, most nights she would make herself orgasm in bed once or twice before dozing off with Alex beside her, as though it was just part of her nightly ritual. And on plenty of occasions, Alex woke to her furiously rubbing one more out in the middle of the night before snoring in her pillow again moments later.Most days she had to change her underwear once about midday and again before bed, simply because the amount of leaked pussy juice made it uncomfortable to continue wearing them, as well as too horny.

All pregnancy seemed to do to Danny was make her want to cum, and while she was displaying an increasing exhibitionist streak that worried him on occasion, Alex was becoming more than happy taking advantage of the situation. All signals from Danny so far said she wanted him to as well.

Their waitress appeared before Danny could berate Alex further. She was young, skinny, no curves to her body to speak of and a very slight bust, but big green eyes, full cheekbones, a lovely set of lips, and a head of thick brown hair that had flecks of blonde throughout, currently up in a messy bun.

"Good evening, my name is Johanna and I will be your waitress this evening. Can I start you off with any drinks?" she asked. Her speech was flawless, but her slight inflection said she was either German or from one of its neighbours.

Alex spoke for the both of them. "My partner is happy with water, but I will have another whiskey on the rocks."

Alex and Johanna talked through a list of the house whiskeys before she walked away. When she came back with his drink, Johanna talked through the menu as she poured water for Danny.

"Now tonight, we have a choice of two appetizers. The mains are a chicken, a beef, a swordfish and a hare, and there are several desserts on offer," explained Johanna. The Black Heron did not use a published menu, rather they only supplied a few options that changed from night to night, and relied on the wait staff's intimate knowledge of their kitchens offerings to sell them.

Johanna spoke of each item in detail, pointing out details of the cooking process that may be of interest and accompanying sides. When she was finished, Alex quickly made his choices for appetizer and main. "We might see how we feel before ordering dessert though," he finished.

"Of course sir," nodded Johanna. She turned to Danny. "And for the lady?"

"Umm, the swordfish...does it come..." Danny started, before turning red, her voice catching in her throat.

"Ma'am?" asked Johanna, concerned.

Danny unclenched her jaw, consciously breathing in slowly. "...Is it pan fried?"

"Yes it is. But if you prefer, the chef is happy to cook it in a light tempura batter infused with saffron."

Danny shook her head. "Pan fried is fine."

Johanna nodded. "Is everything okay tonight ma'am?" she asked concerned.

Danny smiled weakly. "Just...babies kicking. Not always comfortable..."

Johanna's concern melted into a warm smile. "Babies are wonderful, even for the pain, I think." Danny nodded in agreement. "I will be back with your appetizers soon," said Johanna, before leaving the table.

Alex smiled in his whiskey glass, while Danny looked at him, distressed but glowingly horny.

Johanna would never have seen from her vantage over the table as the tablecloth covered her legs, but Danny was sitting with a foot of space between her knees. Her colouring and shortness of breath had nothing to do with her babies kicking, but with her ever growing sexual hungers.

Speaking to her friend and lover, Laurie, Danny had heard that occasionally Laurie and her husband Steve would use a WeVibe as part of their sex play, either for foreplay or as an enhancer during, as the newer models allowed for better use while being penetrated.

Danny had listened, but all she could think about was the idea of using a remote control vibrator to make herself cum in front of everyone without their knowing. The very thought caused her to bring herself to orgasm. Alex had teased her with the idea of one before, so with new resolve, she convinced him to go out and buy the latest and greatest model, and together they worked out the mobile app that paired to the device, and plotted out how to make Danny's fantasy come true.

Right now, behind Danny's lace thong, her vibrator was sunk snugly and securely into her warm wet snatch. Alex's hand in his pocket was around his phone, controller app open.For the most part he had not touched it yet. When the hostess had called them up, he gave Danny only a single second of a half strength vibration to let her know it was in fact working. When she asked the waitress about the fish, another buzz from the wave setting, a solid vibration up and down again quickly, three times, caused her to stop mid-sentence. They had been concerned that Danny's uncontrollable wetness would cause the vibrator to become dislodged at some of the higher settings, but the initial two tests showed it was likely to be fine. Alex's ultimate goal was to tease her, gently, unfairly, throughout dinner, and he very much felt he was going to enjoy it.

Appetizers came out, a beef salad with orange and fennel for Alex, a trio of pork dumplings with a miso reduction for Danny.

"Have the little darlings settled for you yet?" Johanna asked sweetly as she placed the meals on the table.

"Oh, yes, they are being-" -buzz- "...much better behaved, thank you," trembled Danny.

Throughout their meal, Alex largely left Danny be, not wanting to distract her while she was holding cutlery to her face. Once done however, and making small talk while they waited for mains, Alex pressed the phone in his pocket, and the vibrator inside Danny flicked over to a low thumping pulse. Alex knew that this particular setting would work best with the part of the vibe in contact with Danny's clit, and be causing her some growing, delicious agony. Danny became distracted from their talking before she stopped bothering to focus of Alex's smiling face altogether, and enjoyed the sensation as discreetly as possible. She closed her eyes and leaned forward, is if praying, while covertly pressing her thighs together, thrusting softly in her seat.

"And here are your mains," piped up a small voice behind her.

Danny jumped as Johanna walked around from behind, carrying her fish and Alex's hare. Alex timed Danny's scare with a big surge in power, causing a massive pulse of pleasure when her bottom met with the seat again.

"How were your appetizers?" Johanna asked good-naturedly.

"...So good," breathed Danny.

"Yes, very enjoyable," smiled Alex.

Johanna beamed as she set the food down, looking to Danny's full belly before leaving the couple once more.

This time when the couple set to their meal, Alex did not let up. Instead he made a show of putting the app on a setting he had created: seven short 'on/off' bursts, eleven more at twice the speed, followed by seven seconds of continuous vibration. This was followed by thirty seconds of nothing, before the cycle repeated itself. He turned it on, put the phone in his pocket, and set about eating the hare on his plate in the most nonchalant manner he could muster.

Dinner for Danny was a struggle. Within the first few cycles she learned she had to put food in her mouth, chew, and swallow quickly in the thirty seconds she had before the next wave hit her. But even then, after a few minutes of this tortuous activity, Danny found she was anticipating the pleasure, shaking with excitement even before it began again. The setting was designed by Alex to do one thing: pleasure her, get her excited, bring up to nearing release, but ultimately stop before she could reach it, with enough time between cycles that she could not build on them to bring herself to completion.

The strain of coming so close but being denied was showing on Danny. The slight blush she had been experiencing deepened into a crimson and spread from her cheeks down to her chest. Every now and again a quiet moan would escape her lips, her breathing becoming more laboured and in her distracted state, one of the straps of her dress fell down over her shoulder, exposing more of her rapidly rising and falling chest than she may have been intending other diners being able to see. Her nipples had plumped and hardened, and her now visible through her dress, poking their heads through the material.

Alex watched on at his partner's exquisite distress, enjoying the burning lust she was boring into him with her stare. If he left her at this level of arousal with release, he was sure Danny would tear his clothes off the moment it was socially acceptable. He was rock hard in his pants at her display so far and might jump her himself, but still, he would wait out the evening and see what would come.

By the time plates were cleared from the table again, Danny appeared a mess. Orgasm not ensuing, her pussy was pulsing sopping mess, as she uncomfortably anticipated release. She looked at Alex with need, pleaded with her eyes for him to let her cum.But Alex knew his partner. If he didn't let her ride out the evening, she would only be disappointed. She would have to wait.

Johanna stacked their plates in her arms. "Now, is that everything, or do you think you would like to look at the dessert menu?" she asked.

Alex looked at Danny. "What do you think Dan? Do you want more?"

She looked at him with wide eyes, as though he was mad.

"Yess...," Danny croaked.

"Wonderful," exclaimed Johanna. "Well we have a lovely chocolate mousse, and pumpkin oil ice cream with broken mint chocolate shards on the menu tonight."

"I'll have the ice cream please," said Alex.

"I'll have the mo-oousse...please," Danny said meekly. Alex had given her a fat dollop of buzzing pleasure midway through speaking to Johanna.

The waitress seemed not to notice. "Wonderful, I will be back in a moment then."

Danny followed Johanna with her eyes until she was sure she was out of earshot.

"Alex, please, please, let me cum," she whispered. "I can't take anymore. I'm humping the air I'm so horny. I need to cum so bad."

Alex looked at her in sympathy.

"Wait for dessert honey," he said soothingly.

Danny looked upset, but nodded, quietly tensing her legs as Alex again turned on the teasing cycle, at a lower speed this time, to make sure she maintained her level of arousal.

Danny was softly teased for about another five minutes before their desserts were placed on the table. Alex thanked Johanna, before playing with his phone again. Danny felt the vibrations between her thighs kick up to a constant purr, intermittently sprinkled with quick spikes of power to keep her approaching her climax.

Danny moaned in her throat at the new sensations. She picked up her dessert spoon with a shaky hand, and slowly set to her thick chocolate mousse.The course was interspersed with uncontrollable moans and several small, involuntary convulsions. As delicious as the food was, putting the spoonfuls of sweet thickness to lips and swallowing was all unconscious; the surging heat and throbbing pressure between her legs was taking her entire attention.

Alex took small bites of his ice cream, watching, throbbing painfully in his pants as his partner squeaked and fidgeted.

Ready to watch her cum in her seat, Alex slouched slightly, pushing his knees forward so that Danny's were inside of them, and in a firm motion, brought hers together so that the WeVibe pressed up against as much of Danny's sensitive flesh as possible, with nowhere for her to escape. The act caused Danny to lurch forward toward the table in a loud spasm as she had her first false climax, a sure sign she was about to cum. At the next table an older woman looked over disdainfully at the noise about the same time as Johanna returned to the couple.

"Hi guys, how are those desserts going?" she asked.

"Soo good," moaned Danny through a mouthful of mousse.

Johanna giggled at Danny's answer, thinking it entirely in response to the food. "Ma'am, this is a little forward, but I wondered if I might be allowed to touch your belly? I love babies, and yours seem to be rather energetic tonight."

Alex and Danny froze: him in amusement, her in panic.

"Uhhh...," stammered Danny, voice shaking slightly with impending climax. She looked at Alex for help, but he only raised an eyebrow as if to say, 'what are you going to do?'."Yess, I guess you can..."

"Ooh wonderful, thank you," exclaimed Johanna. With no further preamble, Johanna placed her hand firmly on Danny's bulging belly.

Danny sat rooted in fear. Alex still had Danny's legs locked in place over the sex toy. Surely Johanna would feel the vibrations through her torso and they would be discovered. And then what? Would they be marched out of the restaurant while Danny came in front of the people dining as they walked her to the exit?

"Hmm, I do not feel anything. Perhaps they will not kick for me?" Johanna's thin fingers pressed about the sides of Danny's tummy, feeling for a foot or hand to bump against them. The light touches felt erotic to Danny at this late stage. Covertly she closed her eyes and enjoyed the sensations. Her nipples becoming painfully hard and very obvious. She was going to cum from the waitress's fingers in a moment of she wasn't careful.

"I think they will if you feel for them right," insisted Alex. He pressed his phone in his pocket: hard, unwavering, unending vibrations. He was going to make sure Danny came, right now. "I find they kick for me most when I use my palm and make small strokes."

"Oh, alright then," nodded Johanna.

She put the flat of her hand to the widest part of Danny's belly and stroked gently, her soft palm hot against Danny's clammy middle. When she ran her hand over Danny's protruding bellybutton, the friction on her sensitive nub caused a small, involuntary moan to escape Danny's throat.

Danny could feel her body preparing to cum the moment Alex turned up the intensity. Johanna's touches were icing on the cake. She couldn't stop it even if she wanted to: she was going to cum, here in her chair. It was just a question of how long.

Johanna pressed her palm and stroked Danny's belly again, coming across her body. Danny opened her eyes, and saw that the skinny waitress's top had fallen open due to the angle she was making across Danny's body. More, since there was no flesh for it to comform to, Johanna's bra had slipped forward exposing a slight mound of breast only for Danny's eyes. The top of her areolae were visible...

Danny came. Hard. Looking down the waitresses shirt while the girl rubbed her belly, with a vibrator going a hundred miles an hour in her panties.The convulsions hit her, pounding through her pussy with incredible speed as hot waves of pleasure flooded her.
