 The pavement is wet. The early morning rain cannot wash the sins of a city away; especially the sins that resulted in the murder of Jamie West. Jim stood over the body of his former college lover. For the first time in this whole ordeal he felt sick to his stomach.

"Her neck is broken," the ME reported, "but that's not how she died. "

"Look here," she continued, "finger marks around her neck, she was strangled. And the crazy thing about it is, she didn't fight back. There are no signs of any struggle."

"Hmm."

"I talked to the neighbors," Ieasha said, "She said she brought a date home yesterday afternoon. A woman. The two were obviously very close. They closed the door and no one saw her until...well, not until now."

"Follow me," Jim ordered.

They walked into a coffee shop, sat down and ordered a drink.

"Did they find another mark on her?"

"The investigation is still preliminary, but no, not yet. Jim what is this all about?"

"I knew her; in college. We were together."

"Oh my god."

"I know. Janet, I thought, was a coincidence. Where do we go from here?"

"We work the case. Did the two ever have contact? Ever meet?"

"Jamie was at our wedding. She didn't even stay long. We hadn't spoken since I don't know how long."

Jim hears his radio crackle.

"This is 7c17, go."

"Jim this Dan down at the scene. You should get back down here."

The two partners start to leave. "Do me a favor, Esha, keep the connection between us, for just a bit."

Ieasha nods in agreement.

They arrive at the scene with the ME waiting for them.

"We found these when we lifted her up." 

On Jamie's naked rear was the Roman numeral '2' carved into her flesh...

"Jade hun, come back to bed."

Shan lay on her back, her head turned toward the bathroom into which her lover had disappeared. The sides of her tits are visible as she lies on her stomach, the sheet pulled down far enough that the crack of her ass is exposed.

"Ready for me already?" a sultry voice calls from the bathroom.

"Oh, absolutely. I only have another hour or so till I have to be in court, so come back to me!" Shan rolls onto her back, looks at her watch, and then she glances at her suit stored neatly over the chair. "Come on, hun!"

Jade emerges from the bathroom, wearing only a green thong. In her hands she holds a burning candle and a bottle of red wine. "Ready to play sweetie?"

Shan rolls over, resting her head in her hands, her elbow on the mattress to support her body. Her large breasts are revealed, complete with soft, pink, velvety nipples. The top of her bald mound has also come into view. "For the last six weeks, hun, I have always been ready to play."

Jade walks to the side of the bed. Their bodies are strangely identical, the only major difference being the color of Jade's hair. As opposed to Shan's long blondish locks, Jade has short jet-black hair worn in a spiky concoction.

She takes a sip of wine and moves to Shan. The two take a deep, long kiss that hints of the taste of a dry red wine. "Move over a bit."

Shan makes room for Jade who lies next to her. She lowers her mouth to Shan's nipple, the soft bud growing harder almost immediately. With out warning, she lets a bit of wine spill to her nip, creating the appearance of her lactating the vino. "Hmmm," Jade says, as she sucks her nipple dry, "momma never tasted this good."

Before Shan can respond, her mouth is full of Jade's tongue again.

As they kiss, Jade pours more wine between Shan's glorious orbs. The wine runs down her belly toward her vagina. Jade beds over, her ass in Shan's face, as she follows the wine with her tongue. 

In a smooth motion, she climbs over Shan, and in an inverted position, begins slowly licking around the folds of Shan's pussy.

"Mmm, I want a taste," Shan says as she tries to wiggle the panties off of Jade. No luck. Jade will not move from Shan's puss. She is a resourceful girl though and she notices a pair of scissors on the bedside table. Two snips later and Jade's engorged pussy lips are staring Shan in the face. She slowly runs her hands up and down Jade's slit, pausing at her clit ring.

"I love your jewelry."

"Ooo," Jade coos.

Jade, for her part, lowers her mouth to Shan's soft petals and lightly kisses each one. With her fore fingers, she parts the two soft pieces of flesh, revealing a very wet, musky pussy. She wets her fingers with Shan's pleasure, while turning her attention directly to Shan's clit.

Shan thrusts her pelvis up to Jade's lips. She manages to reach the wine bottle and, pours a generous amount that runs through the crack of Jade's ass, past her pussy and into Shan's eager mouth. She then starts to slowly tongue kiss Jade's cunt, fucking her with her tongue, wishing she could do the same job a cock could do. She feels Jade's pleasure when she hits the clit ring as Jade responds with a nibble on her own button.

The two women lock in a 69, tasting their woman hood in full bloom. Faces disappear into long, luxurious thighs. Tits are pressed against tight, toned bellies.

The two women take their time, each enjoying the other's scent and taste. Shan revels in Jade's pussy, licking her clean of juice only to have it well up again. Jade teases and prods, through the pleasure she is giving he partner, she slowly takes control.

Jade's broad strokes become more direct, forming her tongue into a point and attacking Shan's button, licking and sucking it into her mouth.

Shan begins to lose control of her own passion.

Shan's hands dig into Jade's ass. She slowly works her way back, her tongue darting behind her lover's ass. Her tongue invades Jade's ass hole, causing her to dart up with pleasure.

Jade rides Shan's face, her rectum filled with her tongue as Shan uses her finger on Jade's clit. She feels her body on fire; sweat dripping from all over as the nerve endings in her ass and cunt send shivers all over her body.

Shan loves it, the taste of her ass, the occasional taste of pussy as it drips into her mouth. She loves that she has this women teetering on the edge. She loves being able to control her pleasure with a flick of her tongue. And she loves how sexy she feels for doing it.

From the corner of her eye, Jade spies the candle. 

She grabs it and positions it over Shan's belly. She allows the wax to spill on Shan's belly, sending a wave of pleasure and pain through her body. She stops licking Jade.

"Keep licking, bitch," Jade commands. Shan moans with pleasure, her submissive side coming out. Shan's goal of pleasing Jade becomes so much more important.

Shan licks harder and more furiously as Jade pours more wax on her. 

Waiting for the wax to harden before she resumes, Jade continues tongue-fucking Shan. Her head bends down, a she inserts two fingers, filling Shan and position her clit for easier access.

The two woman cum together, nearly suffocating as the pleasure propels them to stick their entire faces into each other's pussies. 

They lay in that position, until Shan orders her up. "I have to go," she informs Jade. Suddenly, the positions flip and Shan is back to being the lawyer.

"When will I see you again?" Jade asks.

"Soon. My boyfriend would love you."

"Boyfriend?"

Shan kisses Jade, "you knew that."

Shan goes to the bathroom to clean up. She peels the wax from her stomach. It forms the shape of a "v", the bottom of which comes about a half an each from the slit of her pussy.

"Interesting," she muses.