 The room was cool and dark when Kelsey woke. She shifted lazily while images from the night before flowed through her mind. Color and light, voices, music. The dizzying spin of the wheel, the lightning toss of the dice. She'd lost half of Gabe's winnings at cards; he'd doubled them back at craps.

 Most of all, she remembered how he'd looked, dark and dangerous in evening clothes, those mouthwatering and unreadable blue eyes following the spin of the wheel, the fall of the cards. Then the way they would suddenly lock on hers and stopped her breath. 

 And when they'd been alone, when the evening and the noise and the crowds had been behind them, he'd lowered her to the bed. Those clever hands had played her then, teasing out moans, tempting out darker and darker needs.

He had done things to her, done things for her she'd never imagined allowing, much less demanding...

She closes the book in front of her with a wistful smile, letting the sensual images caress her imagination behind closed eyelids. Already her body beat with a pleasant ache, a throbbing deep down in places best-kept secret. A soft moan escapes her lips as she stretches leisurely, reveling in the exquisite heat coursing through her veins. Dark needs, hum? A husky chuckle brings her back from her reverie, her eyes zeroing in on the clock on the opposite wall. 9:00. He would be back soon. 

With a heavy sigh she stands up, raising her arms up towards the ceiling and rising up onto her tiptoes, reaching for the sky. Tilting her head back, and then to the side, she opens her eyes and sees her reflection in the dark window. Arms gracefully arched overhead, spine bowed elegantly, breasts supple, hips and backside jutting out teasingly, legs strong and solid underneath. Again arousal whispers along her nerves, sending goosebumps and a shiver over her flesh. Her mind burns with her own imagination's gleanings of the dangerously attractive Gabe and the beautifully naïve Kelsey. Unknowingly her fingers deftly start working a slow caress down her body, molding every nuance of her form as her pulse quickens and a flush blankets her face. All of a sudden she is enveloped in heat, wanting nothing more than to strive towards that blazing light at the end of the tunnel, which as she blinks, turns out to be nothing more than his headlights as he pulls into the drive. 

Caught off guard she stumbles back from the window with a slight shriek, a blush replacing the glow of hunger from her face. "Shit," she mumbles, turning from the window and heading towards the kitchen. He'll be hungry I'm sure. A cold plate of fried chicken and some mashed potatoes lay in the refrigerator covered and ready to be reheated. She pulls it out and puts it in the microwave as the front door opens. 

Brad was worn out. He stands there; his brawny frame slumped as if he could no longer hold his head up. The door closes softly behind him as he lumbers through the entry way and into the kitchen to sit at the table. She watches as he falls into the chair, his weary muscles unable to carry his bulk any longer. Well, no dark needs will be fulfilled tonight. A disappointed sigh tumbles from her lips, catching his attention. "What's wrong?" he asks, fatigue laced through his normally deep and jovial voice. "Nothing," she mutters as she crosses to the table and kneels on the floor in front of him, helping him unlace his work boots. 

He sits there unmoving, just watching her fingers fight with the knots and ties. What did I do? I just got home. His eyes sleepily rove over her as she is bent over her task. Her face drawn in a look of determination as she fights with the laces, her hands strong and sure as she pulls one string then the next, her hair falling forward glistening bronze in the strong light, her broad shoulders and tough frame. She's a tough woman, he thinks as he watches her work. She gets his boots undone then pulls them off his aching feet, a groan of immense gratitude grumbling from his throat. She uses his thigh, pushing up to get to her feet, reminding him of her stance at the window when he pulled into the drive. The image of her face in rapture, her fingers roaming over the voluptuous body before him sends a spark straight to his groin. He pulls her closer to him, wrapping his arms tightly around her thighs, resting his head on the soft pillow of her belly. Her scent awakens his deadened senses, a mixture of soap, laundry detergent, and something else, entirely unexpected, but so sweet and musky, his pulse thuds harder. Hands clamp down on the tightness in his shoulders, her thumbs and fingers kneading into the rigid flesh. As they work deeper into his muscles he leans into her harder, glorifying in the woman before him. "Tough day at work?" she asks. 

Grunting in reply, he slowly lets his hands rub the backs of her thighs and up over the swell of her buttocks, letting his fingers reacquaint themselves with her curves, unconscious to the fact that she had stopped her own ministrations. He pressed into her more firmly, nestling his nose against her, closing his eyes and letting his sense of touch guide him. A smile tugs at his lips when a quiver passes through her as his hands sneak under the ratty t-shirt, caressing up and down her lower spine. He kisses her stomach, inching her shirt up with his nose, wanting the smell and taste of her skin. "Amy..." he whispers, bringing his fingers around to her sides, tickling over her sensitive skin.

Amy watches him in amazement, the arousal from before rearing its head with vengeance, making her eyes cloud with need. Every touch of his work-calloused hands breeding fire along her skin. Slowly she lets her fingers work towards his neck, cradling his head against her, leaning into the brand of his lips. Her head slips back slowly, and her eyes close as he murmurs her name in a caress over her bare belly, his hands once again moving, this time lower, creeping underneath the waist of her old jeans.

The button pops audibly as Brad's thick fingers slide down and undo the zipper, and he smiles as his actions illicit a soft hitch in Amy's already increased respiration. He forces his hands deeper and around her body, pushing the denim away from her, wanting to feel and see and smell the woman before him. The jeans fall in a puddle at her feet and he helps her out of them, and then shifts her body so she is leaning back against the table between his thighs. Brad stands, cupping her face gently and leaning forward to brush his lips teasingly over hers. She meets his kiss, giving herself up to the tenderness of his lips and his gentle caresses. Abruptly the kiss changes as his hands dive into her tresses, gripping her scalp almost painfully has his lips slash over hers, demanding and taking more. Amy gives a tiny cry, shocked by his sudden change, but soon melting into it as the animal inside herself rises to meet his advances. Her arms tighten reflexively around his neck, dragging his body more tightly against her, raising a leg to wrap around and claim him. 

With a growl he nips his way down her neck, biting at the thumping pulse at the base of her throat; reaching down and roughly grabbing her thighs and lifting her up onto the table. Her nails scrape over him as she tears at his shirt, trying to get it off of him in her need to feel the heat of his skin. Feeling her urgency, Brad rips the shirt off over his head and tosses it to the floor, then removes her shirt in turn. The sight of her bare and silken flesh, supple and glowing with need overwhelms him and he dives back into her body, pushing her back onto the table with his furious desire. Amy arches beneath him, her fingers digging into his back, her hips undulating against his apparent arousal. The scent of her sex assails his nostrils as he bites and sucks at her stomach. Watching him, Amy sees his eyes glaze over in lust, and she moans at the tightening in her loins. She slides her fingers into his hair, pulling him towards her need. Brad rips the modest cotton away, needing to taste and fill himself with her. He kneels on the floor, at the edge of the table, spreading her nether lips open to see the red swollen apex. She shudders from his heated look alone, biting her lips to keep from begging him, but unable to stifle the moan that escapes.

He looks up at her, his eyes dilated in passion and licks his lips, then leans forward and expertly flicks his tongue over her engorged clit, forcing a cry from her mouth and a quiver from her body. Needing no more encouragement, he lunges forward, devouring the woman before him. He laps greedily at her sex, like a starving man, bringing her quickly and easily over the edge. Juices pour forth from her as she bucks and writhes on the table, crying out for more. Brad clamps his lips over her clit, rolling it with his tongue, watching her body rise from the table. A grow climbs from his throat at the sight of her pleasure, and he sucks harder, wanting more from her. She comes again in a mass of moans and shaking limbs, and this time his tongue waits, licking it away then diving into her for more. Her thighs quiver then lock around his head, holding him to her as she thrusts herself onto his mouth. 

Her wanton need urges him on, making his body hard in response. He moves his mouth back over her button, flicking it with his tongue while he slowly slides a thick finger into her heat, making her hips elevate with rapture. Sitting back he lets her fuck his fingers, his manhood tightening almost painfully at the sight of her pleasure. Wetness trickles down her slit and coats her ass as she grinds against him. Brad raises his other hand, sliding his fingers into her juices, coating them. Slowly he rubs her rosebud, working his fingers around and easing a finger inside, thrusting it in and out. Amy's eyes pop at the fullness, and she screams, orgasming in a liquid rush, her body flailing on the table. With a last lick he kisses up her body then claims her mouth, pressing his hard body into her limp one. Weakly she kisses him back, wrapping her arms around his neck. 

Brad scoops her up into his arms and holds her close as he sits down in one of the chairs. She sits in his lap, huddled against his chest, feeling his arousal pressing firmly against the side of her hip. Amy smiles mischievously and wiggles slowly in his lap, then reaches down and caresses the engorged head. Brad's eyes close slowly, his breath coming more rapidly as she takes him into her hand securely and starts to stroke. Desire lances through him straight to his groin and he moans, flexing into her hand, his own hand searching for her heat. She pulls away, but continues to hold him, and then straddles his lap. Amy slowly moves her sex over the tip of his cock, teasing him. Brad's hands come up and grip her sides, trying to seat her on top of him. She resists, and then meets his eyes, drawn into the heat and blatant lust. Getting a firmer grip on him, she settles herself over him and lets her full weight impale her upon him. His fingers dig into her as he moans, his back bowing as his cock is surrounded by her exquisite heat. Slowly she starts grinding down onto him, closing her eyes and pulling his head to her chest. Her legs grip his hips tightly, giving her leverage to rock back and forth. Brad takes her hips in his hands, getting her rhythm then slowly starts to thrust up into her. Their breathing gets ragged and hard as their bodies move faster and faster, moving as one. Surrounded by her breasts, he takes a nipple in his mouth, rolling it along his teeth, and then moaning as she squeezes his manhood inside her in response. Needing speed, Brad grips her tightly, and pulls her back onto him more firmly, bouncing her quickly. Amy's nails score his back, crying out his name in a gasp. His balls tighten reflexively, urging him on faster and faster, forcing him to pound her body down onto his. 

She arches back, her body throbbing, a slow burn spreading throughout her. As his teeth again tease a nipple she screams and explodes, her entire body contracting with wave after wave of bliss. Her sex grabs him, throbbing around him and he groans as his testes unload in a hot spurt, his fingers spasming on her hips. Amy leans into him heavily, draping herself over his shoulders and pressing herself into him. Brad weakly holds her, fighting to catch his breath. 

"You ok?" he mumbles against her ear.

"Mmm humm...," she murmurs, snuggling against his neck.

Brad brushes his fingers up and down her back, tracing her spine and buttocks. He breathes deep, inhaling the smell of their lust. Amy shivers, then stretches languidly like a cat after a nap. His body stirs slightly with the feel of her body rubbing against his, and his mind glances back to the image of her in the window, idly caressing her flesh.

"Were you waiting for me tonight?" he asks, nuzzling and nibbling her sensitive lobe, his hands no longer roaming nonchalantly over her skin. Confused she leans back and searches his face. He nips at her lips, teasing them with his breath and tongue. "I saw you in the window," he whispers as he parts her lips, claiming them in a deliberate kiss. Amy closes her eyes with a sigh and a smile, pulling Brad tighter to her and deepening the kiss.

"I was thinking about my dark needs," she sighs into his mouth, mingling her tongue with his. His arms tighten around her, branding her hot body against him, his member stiffening inside her. She gasps, and rotates her hips, reveling in the feel of him inside her. "More," she demands, clenching her kegels. With a groan he stands up, keeping their bodies intact and slowly makes his way to their bedroom.