 To begin, I have always enjoyed the site of my teachers in school, and since I was a horny teenager, most of my masturbation fantasies were supplied by them. I am 18, and I'm in Westwood High, situated in California. I have jet-black hair, blue eyes, and a rugged body. I was also pushing through my 6'5 feet tall. In other words, I was the center of many girls' attentions, which was also helped by the fact that I was Captain of the Football team, and had the scars and broken bones to prove it. 

However, none of the girls' bodies seemed to catch my eye, other then those of my teachers'. They all seemed to be heaven to my eyes, and horny heaven to my dick. As soon as I got into class, I would have a never ending boner, that would only seem to droop after 3 masturbation sessions during the recess. Mrs. Randa was my English teacher. She was about 5"4, and reached and was about a head shorter then me. She was in her early 30's, and had the body of a juicy twenty-four year old. She had auburn hair, darkish green-hazel eyes, and pouty lips that seemed to be naturally red as cherries. Her breasts were no less then a 36D cup, and the clothes she wore generally revealed her womanly curves, that seemed to be just a tad fatter then they should be. But it suited her, trust me, and she was the main attraction to many boys in our school. The only small problem that I faced was the fact that she was married, and had two kids. Luckily, they were in another school, and her husband picked them up everyday. 

Owing to the fact that I was a normal English fanatic, and paid proper attention in her class, I quickly rose to one of her favorites, and spent a few breaks in her office discussing the rest of the class. During class, I was always the one she asked to answer her questions, and I was always too happy to oblige. 

This story begins however, one day, as we had a vocabulary period. It seemed that some students had borrowed her book, and not bothered to return it, so she stood next to me, and followed up in my book. Soon, the whole class was immersed in anything but what she was doing, and she was fighting to keep control over them. At that moment, her legs bumped into my shoulders, and I could feel the soft curves of her sex. Instantly, my penis grew, and the fact that I had a hard-on was clearly visible through my shorts. She didn't seem to notice our brief contact, and she moved away from me temporarily to quite down a few students, then returned. She looked down at the book, and I heard a small gasp, as her eyes strayed from the book, to my shorts, and I was caught. 

To my relief, she didn't say anything, or send me out of class, but she moved away, and began to follow up in my classmate's book. Suddenly, and not a moment too soon, the bell rang, and signaled the end of the period. I was making to run out of the room, when I heard her gentle voice ask to see me for a few moments. She waited till all the other students filed out, and dragged me to the side. 

"Alex, I know that you are in your teen-times, as you call it, but I think that you should have made some effort to conceal that... that..."

"Hard-on?" I helped.

"Well, Yes! That." she replied, "ok, ok. Just don't mention it to anyone, and we'll let it slide this time. Okay?"

"Sure, Miss. I'll just go now..."

I hastily made to get out of the room in a second, but I couldn't seem to forget how her tender sex had felt on my arm, and my masturbation was increased by a few times. It just wouldn't go down.

Two weeks later, everything was back to normal, and she continued to sit with me, and chat during the breaks. But my thoughts were always straying, while she spoke, and I had constant mental images of her reaching over to me, and pulling my cock out of my jeans, and slowly suck me to orgasm. During one particular recess, during the end of the term, the heat was getting to everybody, and since the school's cooling system was broken, everybody was wearing there most summery clothes. The guys were all wearing there gym clothes, which consisted of shorts, and a sleeveless shirt. The girls were all dressed in tank-tops, and similar shorts. The teachers were free to wear what they wanted as well, and Mrs. Randa chose to wear a tank-top that was decorated with flowers and butterflies, and a short skirt that only seemed to magnify how feminine and curvy she was. I couldn't help myself, and had a raging hard-on within seconds, and was just waiting for the first chance I got to pounce on her, and bury my 9.5" cock in the depth of her warmth.

Again, she noticed my hard-on while looking at me, and I knew she had. However, she didn't say anything, and just kept on talking to me. Then she reached for her pen, and started playing with it in a way, that seemed like it was almost going to fly from her hand any minute, and land directly in front of me. Feeling suddenly brave, and with my dick playing with my thoughts, I suddenly decided to see how far I could penetrate her defenses. Our conversation today was diets, and the future.

"Yes, I'm on a very strict diet, my husband keeps telling me I'm getting fat!" she was raging at the moment.

"I don't think you need it though..." I said, slowly beginning to blush. She noticed that too.

"Haha. Oh Alex, you do make me laugh sometimes, but I know you. In about 10 years, you're gonna be a fitness freak. You're going to go to the gym regularly, and you're going to be sexy as hell! Then you're gonna meet some lucky lady, who's going to fall for you, and you'll be successful in life."

"Miss, I have a personal question which I hope you would answer for me."

"What's that Alex?" she said.

"Do you think I'm sexy now?"

"Well, to put aside our student-teacher relationship, I do as a matter of fact, but you should still work on those packs!" she said winking at me in a joking way, a bug grin spread on her face.

"Another question. Does your husband satisfy you anymore? Because you seem to vent about him a lot, and I'm just wondering." I rambled, hoping she hadn't heard, and prayed the same.

The pen flew from her hand, and fell at my feet. She had a severely shocked look on her face, and she looked at me as though I had just sweared her. However, she seemed to come out of her trance, and simply smiled again. Then, she got up, and walked over to me, she then slowly bent over, and picked up her pen, allowing me a good look down her top. My hard-on must have gotten harder, if that was possible. Then she slowly stood back up, and moved two more steps closer to me, and bent down to whisper in my ear

"No, he doesn't, but I have my other ways of satisfaction. I have fingers, don't I?" 

I moaned slightly, and felt that I was going to cum at that moment, just thinking about her touching her wet pussy, then slowly putting her fingers in, and fucking herself to orgasm. 

Seeing the look on my face, she knew what I was thinking about, and she seemed satisfied with my reaction. Then, catching me off-guard, she bent down again, and brushed her lips against mine. At first I was in shock, then I began to respond passionately. I began furiously working my tongue against her lips, almost begging for entry, which she finally granted. Our tongues intertwined, and I was feeling hotter then I ever had. Sadly, she came to her senses 3 minutes later, and pulled me away, as I had stood up, and was cupping her ass, drawing her closer to me. 

"Today, after school... Meet me here, in my office, at 3:30pm. Don't be late." She said, "you got that?"

I nodded, looking at her with lust in my eyes. The bell rang, and I rushed to my next class. I was a few minutes late, so I whispered a quick apology to the teacher, and took my seat.

The rest of the day passed by in a blur, and I presented myself at her door at 3:30, knocked and entered. My jaw dropped, and my dick sprang to salute, as I saw her fully naked for the first time. Her breasts were firm, and hang out proudly in front of her, without any assistance. He pussy was neatly shaved, leaving only a small tuft of hair shaped like a V over the lips. Drool fell from my open mouth, as I saw that she was finger-fucking herself, her legs spread apart, and resting on top of her desk, unable to wait for me to get here. She looked up at me, but didn't really say anything, just smiled, and kept at what she was doing, until her feet suddenly went rigid, a low moan of pleasure escaped her, and she released the nipple she had been squeezing between thumb and index. My shorts were tenting, and a sudden glimmer in her eyes told me she wanted more satisfaction.

"Off with the clothes," she said, "and lets see what's waiting to be freed."

My mouth was still open as I began to remove my shirt, followed by my shorts, and boxers, finally leaving me in my birth-suit, with my cock at full salute. She leapt up from her chair, and dragged me back to her chair, which was the types that fit two people, being squashy and fat. She sat me down, and pressed a button on the remote, which triggered the stereo she had, to start playing very powerful music, which would serve two purposes. She could hide our moans of pleasure, and the music was a very good agent to hype us up, and force us into harder pleasure. Then, she fell forward onto me, laughing at how silly she was being, and pressed her lips against mine. I responded, waiting lustfully, with my eyes on her supple breasts, pushed up against my chest. Then she allowed me to get up, and I pushed her into the chair. I kneeled on the floor, and started kissing her again, but I slowly started to go lower, to her throat, moving down to her breasts, leaving a trail of kisses on my way. 

When I got to her breasts, I grabbed her already hard nipple on her left breast, and started applying force on it with my thumb and index, while I sucked her right nipple in my mouth, and teased it with my tongue. A low moan escaped her, and the music started changing to a song I really enjoyed, that only seemed to hype me up more, and I started applying more pressure on her nipple. Her cries and moans were music to my ear, and she was soo wet, that some of it sloshed down her cunt, onto the chairs. 

"Lowerrrrr..." She said.

Getting hornier by the second, I slowly pushed down her body, gently kissing her places, and sending her into spasms of pleasure. Reaching her pussy, I slowly started to lick the whole of her lips, and I tasted her for the first of many times. She tasted as sweet as the sweetest pussy I ever tasted, if not better. Finally, I reached the clit, begging to be played with and teased. I gently complied, grabbing it between my lips, and messing with it with my tongue, which only served to further her moans. I then slipped a finger into her depth, soon adding another one, then a third. Her pussy seemed to almost suck my fingers in, and I let the feeling guide me, and continued to eat her. After some time, I withdrew my fingers, and replaced them with my tongues, driving it up her pussy as far as I could. I also grabbed the abandoned clit, and began to put pressure on it with my fingers. This was the last straw for her, and the next thing I knew, her feet were around my head, pushing me further into her pussy, as she orgasmed. I just kept on licking and playing with her clit. She was so hot, that I felt like I was going to cum, even though my cock hadn't even been touched. Slowly, she began to release my head, but I still didn't stop, till she had orgasmed another time. 

Suddenly she just slumped down, breathing hard, and pushing my head away from her dripping pussy. She rested there a moment, then had me get up. She slowly bent down, and popped my cock in her mouth, taking in only a few inches at first, then more and more with each thrust she was making. Soon, I felt the back of my cock hitting the back of her mouth, this happened a few times, then on the fourth thrust, my dick slipped past her defenses, and slipped down her throat. She held it there for a while, then started to gag on the thickness of it. That only served to intensify the pleasure I was feeling. She pulled it out, and continued deep-throating me, till I started moaning, and suddenly, I was saying "I'm cumming! Oh, God!! I'm cumming, just a bit more..."

There was a popping sound, and my dick was brought out of her mouth, and she grabbed the base of my cock, and pressed with her thumb, which caused my feeling to go away. I was obviously let down, "I read that this is the closest thing that men can do to have multiple orgasms. I wanted you to feel as good as I did..." she said in explanation.

How could I be angry with her? She had my best interests at heart, and wanted me to feel a new state of high. She placed my dick at the tip of her tongue again, and began to lick it right under the head, showing me that she had good experience with blow jobs. I was so pleasured, that I didn't notice that my cock was sliding into her throat again, and her hands were now cupping my balls, rather then just letting then hang freely. Suddenly, without warning, I came, and it kept going and going, and she had a hard time to swallow it all, and some of it dripped out of her mouth, and landed on her boob. She had to swallow three times to get it all, then she rubbed the cum, that escaped her sucking mouth, around her breast in a slow manner. She then resumed the sucking of my cock, milking me dry. However, she had an ulterior motive to the resuming of sucking, and I was soon hard again, and ready to go. 

She stood up, and pushed a lever, which pushed the back of the chair in such a way, that we could both easily sleep on it. 

"Lie down, and point that thing upwards." She said.

I had been anticipating this moment for a long time, and I hastily complied.

She straddled my thighs, and slowly lowered her dripping cunt over the head of my cock. She then stopped, looked at me to check I was comfortable, and lowered herself the rest of the way, till only an inch was still out.

"Oh my God! You're bigger then my husband!" she said astounded at the sudden development. 

She was just leaning there, my cock three quarters up her dripping cunt, doing nothing, so I thought I would help, and pushed up, ramming my thighs against her. She moaned in realization, and even though she had had two children, I couldn't help but notice how amazingly tight she was. I waited till she relaxed a bit, and when I felt her get used to my big dick, I started plowing into her, in slow, successive motions, which continued to supply her moans and groans. However, I didn't want to cum too quickly, so I stopped at intervals, to gently take one of her hard nipples into my mouth, and suck on it gently, teasing it with my tongue, and driving her closer to her own orgasm. 

After a while, I felt that I was about to cum, and I nudged her in warning. 

"Cum in me Alex..... just cum in me....fill me up! PLEASE!! I NEED THIS!!" She yelled. 

Smiling, I continued to thrust into her pussy, until I felt her shudder, and go rigid again. Her orgasm seemed to drive me over the edge, and I kept thrusting, emptying my balls into her tight pussy. Her orgasm ended just as I squirted out the last rope of cum into her. 

She fell on me in exhaustion, and I knew that this infatuation with her had only just begun. She got up slowly, tits hanging proudly in front of her, and my now flaccid penis fell out of her sex. She moved up to the place where my head was lying, and she bent down, and kissed me passionately. I loved my life at that moment.

The CD that was playing in the stereo came to an end, and I was at peace with the world for the moment.