 When I first met her about eight years ago, Nikki was the classic a-little-off-the-rails baby sister. I say baby sister, she was actually seventeen. Her sister Brenda (my best friend at the time) and I were twenty and in college together. Not really enough of an age gap to say 'baby' sister, but that's what they called her. I never heard much in the way of details. I know she wasn't one to turn down a drink, and for a long time she didn't know her own limits. She's always been attractive, earning her share of male attention, which she enjoyed – but despite being fairly book-smart she never really had the sense to tell the good guys from the bad. Her parents eventually threw her out – I never really found out why, but she ended up living with a guy that she basically supported, and in return he slapped her around. She'd had it tough and, while you could argue she brought a lot of it on herself, I always felt sorry for her. Nobody deserved the shit she'd been through.

Time passed. A few years after college, I quit my crappy newspaper job and I moved to California, Brenda headed for Australia and stayed there. I heard third hand accounts of Nikki getting her act together, getting a job in the insurance company I used to work for and getting her own place, the deadbeat boyfriend long gone and replaced by a new independent streak and a sense of determination. I had to admit, I was kind of proud of her – I loved talking with her whenever I was at her house waiting for Brenda to be ready, and it always amazed me just how smart and how just-plain-nice she was. One on one, it was hard to tell where the bad girl reputation came from.

After eighteen months in California I began to get vaguely homesick and made arrangements to come home. After so long being independent, moving in with my parents again just wasn't an option so I was fortunate enough that an old friend was in the market for a roommate just about the time I was back in the country. It would mean a week or two on the couch while the old roommate moved out of the apartment, but I was glad to have it.

Five days into my tenure on the sofa I was leaving the apartment to go into town. It was a Saturday, I'd had a shitty first week at work and the plan was to hit Starbucks, Tower Records and maybe the Temple Bar Food Market for something good for dinner later. Both my new roommates were in work – they were doctors, and twenty-four or forty-eight hour shifts, especially at weekends, were not uncommon. I was locking the door behind me when I heard my name.

"John? Is that you?"

It was Nikki. Something was obviously agreeing with her; she looked great in her jeans, leather jacket and a tight Red Sox t-shirt. Her dirty-blonde hair was pulled back into a ponytail and she had barely, if any make-up on. She was carrying an enormous handbag and she had an absolutely dazzling smile. This was definitely who the girl I spent all that time talking to was supposed to be. She ran up the hall and hugged me tight.

"Oh my God," she said. "Are you back? Do you live here now?"

"Yes, and yes. I just moved in on Tuesday. I've been back in town since last week, but I had to crash in a hotel."

"It's so great to see you again. Are you home for long?"

"You too. I guess this is pretty much permanent."

"That's excellent. What are you doing tonight? I'm having a party. You have to come."

"Well..."

"Well nothing. I just live down the hall. Number 18. It's not like it's a long drive home for you. Promise me you'll come. At least for a while."

"Okay, I'll definitely be there. For a while, anyway."

"Cool. Anytime from eight. No need to rush, though – won't really get started until 9. And I'm still late, as always. Uh, talking of..." she looked at her watch, an expensive looking silver affair – a far cry from the swatches she used to go through like water – and pointed generally down the hall towards the stairs.

"Yeah, I gotta..."

"And I haveta..."

"So nine o'clock."

"Yeah, I'll seeya later."

"Later."

She pecked me on the cheek and away she went. I watched her leave and stared at the space she was in for about ten minutes before I remembered I had to go, too.

I spent a pretty productive day downtown, had a good dinner and then took my time showering and dressing. I put on jeans, a Death Cab for Cutie t-shirt, a pinstripe jacket and my black Converse hi-tops.I like the geeky, hipster-cool look, I think it looks good on me. I walked down the hall and knocked on Nikki's door at exactly nine o'clock. Nikki answered the door and immediately gave me a gigantic hug. She looked great – she had on a black lace shirt and a long black skirt that was slit up to mid-thigh on both sides. Her blonde hair was long and loose and she had mascara around her dark blue eyes that just made them dazzling. She grinned and ushered me in.

"Thanks so much for coming. It's gonna be a fantastic night."

I'm not really a party guy. I spent most of the night in the kitchen talking to Frank, Nikki's friend Claire's boyfriend who'd played college basketball in Syracuse. Nikki, understandably was a social butterfly – I don't think she was chatting to the same person for more than three minutes at a time. I was going to leave a couple of times – there's only so much you can listen to someone tell you about how their bum knee meant they didn't get to play the year the team got to the Final Four, and I didn't really know anyone else, but Nikki kept asking me to stay a little longer, as we hadn't had a chance to talk yet. 

As it got later, more and more people had to leave. Nikki was seeing everyone to the door and I was listening once again to how the lack of a Final Four spot led to the lack of an NBA contract (or even draft placing) and is why Frank's behind a desk in an insurance company now. Personally I thought it was more to do with being 5'8" and more interested in drinking than playing ball, but I guess I wasn't there. Claire and Frank were last to leave and I was left alone in the kitchen when Nikki wandered in.

"Man, what a mess."

"I know. Some party, though." I decided to do the gentlemanly thing and I started to gather some of the empty bottles together.

"Leave that. I'll take care of it all in the morning."

"Are you sure?"

"Yes. Have a drink with me."

She pulled two of the last bottles of Heineken out of the by now almost melted bin of ice, and twisted the lids off. She handed one to me, tapped the neck with hers, and hopped up to sit on the counter. 

"Cheers."

"Cheers."

"So," she said after a couple of silent mouthfuls. "How was San Diego?"

"Unbelievable. You can't even tell when it's winter most of the time. And the Mexican food..."

"Didn't you get homesick?"

"Sure. There was a really cool Irish bar right near where I lived, though, called The Field. I missed my friends, sure, but the atmosphere was there."

"I missed you."

"You did?"

"You never knew, did you? That I liked you."

"Liked me?"

"Like. I like you."

I reached up to her face and brushed an eyelash off her cheek with my finger. I held it up for her to blow.

"Don't forget to make a wish."

She blew it, and then kissed me, long and deep.

"I got my wish" she said.

"Me too."

I leaned in to kiss her again, and she parted her legs so I could stand in front of her. The front of her skirt slipped down, leaving the slits open wider to expose her legs. As I stood between them and kissed her I started to stroke her thigh. With my other hand I unbuttoned her shirt and slipped inside, squeezing her breast through the lace of her bra. I felt her hand run down my chest and squeeze me through my jeans. She stopped kissing me and looked me dead in the eye.

"You want me?"

"Good God, yes."

"I'm all yours."

I moved my hand down and slipped both up through the slits in her skirt, carressing the soft skin up to her hips. She lifted her ass off the counter and let me slip her panties over her hips and off. I dropped the tiny scrap of black lace I now held onto the floor and fell to my knees. She lifted the front of her skirt and I saw the tiniest trim patch of blonde hair over her pussy, as I kissed my way up her thigh. It went dark as she dropped the skirt over my head and pulled me closer, opening her legs wider to let me kiss and lick her lips before I slipped my tongue between, teasing her clit.

"Mmmm... that feels... oh!"

She pulled me closer with her legs, holding my head where she wanted it through her skirt. She ground herself against my mouth as I licked away, drinking down her juices and barely able to hear her muffled moans (but then, that's the way it is when someone's thighs are pressed against the side of your head).

She starts to convulse, and her moans get louder and more gutteral, and she squeezes me right into her before letting go abruptly. I stood up and looked at her, her eyes half closed and her chest rising and falling deeply like she'd just run all the way here. The knuckles of one of her hands was still white from holding onto the counter and the other just lay on her lap. I wiped my mouth with her sleeve then kissed her. She kissed me back, lazily and sloppily, savouring her wetness that remained in my mouth before hopping down off the counter and walking over and leaning against the edge of the table. She smiled and started to unbutton her shirt the rest of the way.

"That was... wow, that was something."

"Thank you."

"Thank you."

The shirt dropped to the floor. She stood there in a black satin and lace bra and skirt, the cups barely covering her breasts.

"Ever do that for Brenda?"

"Nope. We were really just friends. Strange as that sounds."

"Good."

She reached behind and unclasped the bra, slipping the straps from her shoulders and dropping it to the ground. Her small brown nipples looked rock hard from here.

"Ever want to fuck me?"

"All the time," I said.

"Why didn't you? I'd have let you."

"Brenda would've killed me."

"She's not here."

She unzipped the side of her skirt and it slipped down. She stepped out of it and walked naked around to the side of the table.

"Doesn't matter now."

"Why not?"

"'Cause I really do like you. And it's none of her business."

"Come here."

She beckoned me over, and it's not like I was ever going to refuse. I stood in front of her and let her strip me out of my jacket and shirt. She undid my jeans and pushed them and my shorts down past my knees. She sat up on the table and stroked my rock hard cock, slowly and insistently before pulling me in towards her. I lined up with her pussy and pushed in.

"Ohhhhhh..." she moaned hard as I pushed in, feeling her stretch around me. I held still against her and kissed her deep before starting to thrust slowly in and out. She wrapped her legs around me and pulled me tight, barely giving me enough room to move, holding me close against her and letting me kiss her neck and collarbone. Her hand ran up my back and into my hair, pulling it slightly as she kissed my neck in return. 

"I'm gonna touch myself" she whispered in my ear, and slipped her hand between us, rubbing at her clit.

I thrust harder and harder into her, and her hand moved faster and faster over her clit. She started to moan into my ear.

"Fuck me. Fuck me harder. Oh, God, fuck me."

I obliged, thrusting as hard as I could, feeling her fingers on me as she rubbed herself furiously.

"Oh, God!"

I felt her pussy convulse as she started to cum. I kept thrusting, trying to keep time with her as she squeezed tight around my cock. She let me go pushed me back, hopping off the table and dropping to her knees in front of me.

"I wanna taste you. I want to taste your cum." She grabbed my cock and stroked it again, kissing and licking the head and down the bottom of my shaft to my balls, before coming back up to the top and taking me into her mouth. She sucked me all the way down to the bottom before starting to work up and down my length.

She fondled my balls as she went, tugging gently as she bobbed up and down rhtyhmically, working my shaft and my head with her tongue. I felt the cum start to rise, before she stopped suddenly and looked up into my eyes.

"I want you to cum in my mouth. Please. Cum in my mouth."

She returned to my cock, bobbing quickly up and down and sucking on me. I couldn't help it, and didn't want to, moaning loadly as I started to cum. My cock jolted with each spurt, twitching hard as she swallowed every drop. Nikki eased of slowly, gently sucking and licking me clean, swallowing the last of my cum. She wiped her mouth before standing up and putting her arms around me.

"Mmm... now that was fun. Can I keep you? I wanna keep you."

"Sure. So what now?"

"Now... let's go to bed."