 I walked into my office, and closed the door behind me as I reached for the light switch. I didn't think twice about shutting the door to my pitch black office without the light on because I do it all the time -- I know I can drop my purse directly to the left on my table and flip the switch. That is exactly what I was doing when I felt something move behind me. A scream itched in my throat, but before I could do anything about it, a big hand covered my mouth, while another arm pulled me tight back against a body much bigger than my own. 

My heart was racing; I fought for control over my breathing, over my heart, over the urge to cry. The arm that held my body close to his, slid up 'till it was wrapped around my neck. Panic began to set in, even as I was sure I knew who this was. My hands reached up to pull his arms away, or maybe just to hang on, I'm not sure.

I felt his dick hard and full against my ass, and the sound that I make now is less fearful, with only a little desperation around the edges. I feel his hand still wrapped tightly around my neck, and I stand on my tip-toes so that I can keep breathing. I feel his breath against my ear, I feel his teeth nip at my ear and then move down my neck. I shiver in appreciation, and press my ass back against him asking him without words for more. 

He pushed me forward in the still pitch black office until I felt my legs hit my couch. He let go of my mouth, sure I wouldn't scream now, and pushed me forward until I was bent against the arm of the couch and my face rested on the back. I could feel him raise my skirt, and trail his fingers over the bare skin above my stockings, tracing the line of my garters, up to skim along the edges of the lace that covered my ass. I gasped as I felt his hand unexpectedly slap my ass, and I knew my pussy was already embarrassingly wet. I felt him move the black lace that covered my pussy, and his finger slid through the warm, wet juices until he found my clit, and he slowly drew circles around and around my clit, driving me crazy. Just as I felt an orgasm starting to bubble to the surface, he stopped and moved away from me. 

I tried to move from my prone position on the couch, only to find his hand planted firmly in my back, making sure I didn't move at all. I stood with my legs spread, and my skirt flipped over my ass just waiting. I couldn't feel him, I could only hear him breath. Then, he went back to lightly skimming the edge of the lace across my ass. I felt him move behind me and I thought he would finally fuck me, but instead I felt his tongue tracing the edge of the lace just on the edge of my pussy. I wiggled a little, hoping to encourage him to touch me; it seemed like hours before I felt him dip his tongue into my pussy. His hot breath made me shiver. He licked my pussy until again I could begin to feel an orgasm bubble up inside of me, I began panting, and my nails dug into the back of the couch as I begged for the release, begged him to let me cum. 

He moved away from me again, quickly -- but before I could groan in frustration, I felt his hand on my ass as he slowly rubbed his dick along the lace covering my pussy. His fingers moved the lace to the side and I anticipated a slow, tortuous fuck. I expected him to continue to tease me, to keep me on the brink of orgasm, never letting me let go. What I didn't expect was the fast, hard motion as he slammed his dick into my wet and waiting pussy. I cried out as the orgasm I'd been anticipating rocked my body. 

Immediately, I felt his hand at my neck again, pulling me up against him, keeping me from breathing easily, and definitely keeping me from crying out again. "Ssshhh" he whispered against my ear as he held me close against him and fucked my pussy hard and fast. I stood on my tiptoes and moaned as the orgasms melted into one another, one never quite stopping before another would start. He would tighten his grip on my neck as he could feel me about to cum so that I couldn't breathe, then he'd relax his fingers and I could feel the blood course all through my body. I feel the orgasm roll through my pussy, then through my entire body. 

I reach a hand up to touch his arm, but then move it to slip inside of my shirt and I pinch my nipple, and as I feel yet another orgasm building inside of me, I hold on to his arm for balance as my legs are no longer steady. I feel him cum deep inside of me, and I throw my head back against his shoulder in submission, in release, in satisfaction. He kisses me gently, then moves very quickly away from me, and pushes me onto the couch. Before I can recover, before I can turn around, before I can do anything, the door opens and he leaves. 

It takes me a few moments to pull myself together, to stand on my weak knees and walk to the door, I open it and find no one outside. I step out further, looking for him, but there is no one there. I walk back in, turn on my light, and slump onto my couch still feeling the delicious tingle of satisfaction course through my body. I suppose I should get to work now...