 Darleen...

It was 1968, I had just graduated from high school. To be exact, it was July 4th, 1968 and there was a block party taking place and I was dancing with the most exciting and beautiful girl I had ever gone to school with. Her name was Darleen. It was still light out and the band was playing a lot of slow songs at the request of several of the dancers, me being one of them. I was holding Darleen close, she was blowing in my ear. I was 18, she was only 17, besides she had just told me she was leaving the state in the morning. Her father had been transferred. I was crushed. I fell in love with her that night. I think she felt the same as we held each other as we moved to the music.

"I'll miss you," I whispered in her ear.

"I'll miss you too." Her warm breath made me shiver. I felt her shiver, too.

I think we were both afraid to tell each other we loved them. I was. I was afraid if I said it, she would leave. She was anyway, but I wanted to hold her in my arm for as long as I could.

"Don?" she started.

"Yes?" 

"I...I..."

"What?" I asked.

"Never mind," she said shyly.

I pulled my head back to look into her eyes. She smiled at me. I quickly pressed my lips to hers. She didn't pull away, she started to kiss me back. We kissed for a long time. At least until one of her girlfriends tapped her on the shoulder.

"We shouldn't," she said, swatting at her friend.

"You're right, at least not here."

Her head snapped around so her eyes were gazing into mine.

"What does that mean?" she asked.

"It means I shouldn't have kissed you here. Somewhere else, in private. Who was that who smacked you?"

"She's just a friend who came with me to look after me."

"Ah. It's nice to have friends like that." I rolled my eyes as I said it. Her friend was behind me so she couldn't see my face.

"It is," Darleen said trying not to laugh.

"Let's go get a soda," I said, taking her hand and pulling her away from the crowd of dancers. She willingly came with me. 

We grabbed a soda out of one of the coolers that dotted the street and went and sat at one of the many picnic tables that also dotted the street. We could both see Darleen's friends watching us from the edge of the crowd by the band. I laughed.

"What are you laughing at now?" she asked.

"They are watching over you like mother hens as if I would try anything on the first night we realized that we..." I stopped. I had almost said we loved each other.

"You wouldn't?" she asked, surprised at my comment.

"No. I would like to kiss you some more, maybe feel your breasts," I admitted, feeling a little embarrassed.

"I would like that too, but not tonight."

"But you're leaving tomorrow...never mind. I would never force myself on you."

I leaned over and to kiss her cheek. She turned her head so our lips were pressed together. I moaned, she sighed. I pulled my lips away and just looked into her eyes.

"I think I'm falling in love with you. Thank you for just dancing with me."

"Don...I have something to tell you...I love you too. I have since freshman year. I was hoping that you would ask me out, but we didn't have any classes together and the only place we were at the same place at the same time was homeroom and then I was way up in the back and you were down front." She stopped drawing in a breath that sounded like a sob.

"I wish I had known," I said wanting to kiss her, but out of the corner of my eye, I saw her friend heading our way.

Darleen looked up at her friend and shook her head. Her friend backed away, her eyes still on us. Darleen looked back at me and squeezed her eyes shut. A single tear rolled out of the corner of her eye and down her cheek. I took her hand in mine and brought it to my lips. I pressed them gently to the soft skin on the back of her hand. Then I turned her hand over and kissed the palm. As I let her hand go, she grabbed my face and pressed her lips to mine hard. I could see her friend with her hands on her hips. I guess if I didn't start the kiss, it was okay for us to kiss.

We sat there kissing for a long time. I had my arms around Darleen, hers around me. I kept mine where her friend could see them. When we finally broke our kiss, it was getting dark. The sky was still lit, but the street lights had come on and we were in shadow. I took Darleen's hand in mine and stood up.

"Come on, let's dance my lady," I said. Even to my ears, it sounded pretty lame.

Darleen giggled, but stood up and followed me back to the dance area. We danced together the rest of the night. A lot of guys tried to cut in, but Darleen would tell them no when I stepped back to let them in. She would say no, then rush into my arms. The band stopped playing at eleven o'clock. Darleen and I stood there just holding each other.

"Dar, we have to go," her friend said.

"I know, now go away for a few minutes."

Her friend retreated until we couldn't see her. Then Darleen pressed her lips to mine. I kissed her back with all the passion I felt for her. After a few minutes, Darleen broke the kiss and hugged me fiercely.

"I love you, Don. There will always be a place in my heart for you."

"I love you too, Darleen, so much it's hard for me to speak anymore."

"Oh god," she whispered, then handed me an envelope. "Don't read this until tomorrow night, please."

"I promise."

She pulled my lips to hers one more time. The kiss was short-lived, then she was gone. I stood there like an idiot. I watched as she slowly walked away until I couldn't see her anymore. Then there was my next door neighbor standing in front of me. She just looked up at me with sad eyes.

"Darleen asked me to come over here and make sure you are okay. Are you okay?" she asked softly.

I looked at her, not really seeing her. "No, I'm not okay. The love of my life just left me. Of course, she probably feels the same way and that's what's killing me."

Jane wrapped her arms around me and pulled my lips to hers. I just let her, but I didn't kiss her back. She pulled away looking up at me with surprise on her face.

"You're not okay, are you?"

"No."

"Really, you fell in love with her?"

"Yes."

"Come with me," Jane said leading me to the picnic bench in front of my parent's house. 

We sat down on the same side. Jane moved me until I was facing her. Then she pulled my head down to her shoulder and just hugged me. My arms just hung at my sides. After about ten minutes, I raised my arms and clung to Jane as the sobs and tears starting rolling out of me. We sat there for a long time. When I was cried out, Jane let go of me, grabbed my face and shook my head. Then she kissed me. I finally kissed her back. It was a friendly kiss on my part. Hers had a little passion in it, but not much. We were friends. She lived next door. She had next door looks too. Blonde hair, blue eyes, slim waist, shapely legs and nice boobs. And before tonight if she had kissed me like this, I would have been all over her, but I knew she just wanted to be my friend. 

"I'm okay now," I said pushing her away.

"Good. Now kiss me one last time."

"Thank you, but..."

"But what?"

"I will miss her so much," I told her.

"But you hardly knew her," Jane said.

"I know, I love her and always will."

"What about me?" she asked smiling at me. I knew she was joking.

"You? You I will lust after for the rest of my life," I told her with an evil grin.

"I can deal with that. Would you like to come in the house with me? My parents and brother and sister are gone for the weekend. They won't be back until Tuesday."

We were both 18, she was the oldest child in her family as was I. I hung my head for a minute thinking. We had both just graduated. Both our birthdays were in January. 

"Sure, why not," I told her. 

I knew what she was going to do for me. She got up, took my hand and pulled me after her. As we entered the house, their dog came out of the living room. He was a purebred collie. His name, believe it or not, was Pal. We said hello to each other, then I was following Jane farther into the house. We wound up in her bedroom. I had only been here once before with her brother and then I only stood in the doorway. It was a typical girls room. Pink and lacy.

Once inside the room, Jane sat down on her bed and patted the space next to her. I didn't know how I felt about what she wanted to do for me, but I knew I would be grateful to her for a long, long time. I sat next to her. She pulled my head to her and kissed me. She was full of passion. I know she didn't love me, we were just friends. But I knew she had just recently broken up with her boyfriend. Her kiss was passionate. Then I felt her tongue brush my lips. I opened my mouth and pushed my tongue into her mouth, searching for her tongue. When I found it, my breath exploded from my lungs and Jane sighed.

I decided to take liberties with her if she was willing to give them to me. I placed a hand on her breast. Her breath exploded from her lungs and I sighed. Our passion for each other soared. Her breasts were perfect, they fit my hand perfectly. I could feel her nipple hardening under my palm. She was very excited about what we were going to do. Jane pulled away from our kiss and looked me in the eye.

"Don," she said. "I just want to tell you how much I adore you. You have always been kind to me. You have never even tried to make a pass at me. You are the perfect gentleman. But now I want you...not to be a gentleman. I need you to ravage me, to fuck my pussy and my mouth." She finished.

I was shocked. I didn't know what to say, except to nod my head and smile at her. We sat there looking into each other's eyes for quite awhile. Then I gently kissed her lips. She sighed as she kissed me back. Our tongues were in a battle again. I had never let go of her breast, but now I wanted to see them both. I reach down to pull her sweater off, she didn't stop me. She had a skimpy bra on that almost showed her nipples. I was surprised her mom let her wear something like this, but she was old enough to make up her own mind about her underwear. 

"Beautiful," I croaked.

"Thank you," Jane whisper, reaching around behind her to unhook the bra. 

When she shrugged it off, I had my first look at her perfect breasts. They were beautiful. White where her bathing suit had covered then. Her nipples were a smidgen darker than her tan and they were hard as diamonds. Her areoles were all crinkled with her sexual excitement. I could hardly wait to suck on them and gently bite them.

"Help me get my jeans off," Jane told me.

She had them unbuttoned and unzipped. I stood and grabbed both cuffs and pulled them off her body. She had beautiful legs that I had admired every time she was out sunbathing in her backyard. She had on a sexy little pair of sheer, lacy panties that matched her bra. She looked yummy. I pulled my t-shirt off as she worked on my belt and pants. Back then, I wore tighty-whities. They had a bulge in them now.

"Have I done that to you?" Jane asked.

"Yes. You have done this to me almost every day since you moved in here."

"Every day? Really?"

"Yes, every day."

"Good. She leaned forward and kissed my cock through my underwear, then reached for the waistband and pulled them down.

"Impressive," she said, smiling and nodding her head.

I knew she was just trying to make me feel good. My cock was average, about six and a half inches long. It was a little thicker than most I had seen in the locker room. And don't ever let a guy lie to you about never looking. We all look. He does, however, hope that we are discrete enough not to raise the ire of the guy we are checking out. Then her mouth was wrapped around my cock. Her left hand cradled my balls, her right was wrapped around my shaft. She ran her tongue around the head of my cock and it felt wonderful. Then she started to bob her head up and down my shaft, taking a little more of my cock each time until she finally had her nose pressed against my pelvic bone.

I was so close to coming, but I didn't want to just yet. I had so much more to experience with Jane if she was willing to give herself to me. I pushed her back onto her bed. She yipped in surprise. Reaching down I pulled her panties off. She raised her hips to make it easier. I pushed the crotch against my face and felt the moisture there. I moved them to my nose and sniffed deeply. Her eyes opened in surprise.

"Do you do that with all the girl's panties?" she asks.

I had never done anything like that before. I read about it in a penthouse.

"Of course. I love the scent of a woman," I said lying through my teeth. "And you smell wonderful." That wasn't a lie, she did smell wonderful.

Then I bent down and kissed her furry vulva. She shivered and growled deep in her throat. I stuck out my tongue and gently licked her wet labia. She yipped again. Then I was sucking her petals of flesh into my mouth and attacking them with my tongue. She cried out. No specific words, more like a moan and a groan but loud. Then I was licking her clit.

"Oh fuck!" she shouted. That was the first cuss word I had ever heard her say. I just licked her clit harder. "Oh fuck!" she yelled again. I just kept sucking and licking her clit. until she pushed my head away. It seemed to be getting too sensitive. I move down to her vagina and stuck my tongue as far as I could inside her. "Oh my fucking god!" she shouted. We were lucky her parent were out of town. "Oh fuck, fuck, fuck!"

I pulled my mouth back from her pussy, with her labia inside. They stretched and stretched, then popped out of my mouth.

"Son of a bitch!" she cried out. Her hips started bucking of their own accord.

I moved up between her legs, stopping to suck on her nipples for a while. She shook and shivered as I did.

"God Don...if only I had known," she said softly.

I pulled my mouth from her tit, her nipple still held in my mouth with suction, until it popped out. She grunted as it did. I looked up at her.

"If you had only known what?" I asked.

"How good you are at sucking pussy." She smiled down at me. I nodded and crawled up until I was looking down at her.

"Are you still a virgin?" I asked.

"I don't know. Jimmy fucked me a couple of time. It never really hurt and there wasn't any blood."

"Hmmm, well I guess we'll find out," I said, press my cock against her entrance. "Are you at least on birth control?"

"Yes. My mom made sure of that." I nodded as I pressed into her farther. "Oh, you're bigger than Jimmy, I can feel you stretching me."

"Does it hurt?"

"Not yet. It kind of feels good. Keep going," she ordered.

I pressed into her, then pulled back a little and pressed in a little farther. She moaned as I pressed in and sighed as I pulled out. After about five minutes of taking it slow, I was in her all the way.

"Does that hurt?" I asked once more.

"No that feels delicious. Oh god, you stretched me out, a lot. It feels so good."

"Okay, I'll take it slow at first," I whispered in her ear.

"Okay," she whispered back.

Then I kissed her on the lips, hard. At the same time, I pulled out of her until just the head of my cock was inside her pussy. Then I pushed into her slowly. She moaned as I did. 

"Fuck me, Don, fuck me hard until I scream!" she said.

I pulled out slowly, slammed into her as fast and as hard as I could.

"Oh fuck," she screamed.

I did it again, fast and hard. She screamed. for the next twenty minutes, I slammed my cock into her sweet pussy. She was cussing and swearing up a storm. I found it very sexy to listen to her. I was also watching her tits bounce on her chest. It was also erotic that I couldn't last much longer. Jane was having orgasm after orgasm, so close together to be one. I'm not saying I was an expert lover, but I was young and healthy and had a hard dick that I could move fast and hard. I could feel my orgasm coming. It almost hurt as my sperm shot out of my dick into Jane's wonderful pussy. When she felt my cum hit the walls of her pussy, it triggered her orgasm.

"Oh fuck!" she shouted.

I kept pushing into her with each spurt of my cum.

"Oh my fucking god, oh god, I'm coming!" she shouted.

I just pushed into her more. I spurted one more time. Then I just sighed.

"God that was so...beautiful," I whispered in her ear. I was still on top of her.

"Oh god Don, yes it was, beautiful. Of fuck," she yelled the last and shook with another orgasm.

I rolled off her and lay next to her staring at the ceiling. Then I turned my head to look at her pretty face. She was still having an orgasm. I smiled, leaned in and kissed her cheek. She turned her head to look at me. She smiled, closed her eyes and came again.

"Holy shit, nobody has ever done this to me. Not Jimmy, not...well you don't need to know my dating history, right now. But fuck, that was fantastic."

I smiled at her. Her eyes got big and she jumped up and headed out of the room to the bathroom. I heard the water running and lay back and closed my eyes. Having sex with Jane had been good for me. I still pined for the loss of Darleen, but all the tension about her leaving tomorrow had been drained from my body. Then I felt a warm washcloth touch my cock. I opened my eyes and saw Jane carefully cleaning my cock. It felt good. Then she sucked me into her mouth to see if she had cleaned all the stuff off me. She threw the cloth into the corner and climbed into bed.

"Can you stay the night?" she asked. I was very surprised.

"Sure, if you want me to."

"I do. And if you're up to it, I would like you to fuck me all night. Or at least eat my pussy."

Again I was very surprised by her request.

"Sure." Then she was kissing me, hard and trying to force her tongue into my mouth, which I let her do.

We spent the rest of the night trying a whole bunch of new things for her and some that were new to me. We had fun and both of us had a lot of pleasure given by the other person. It was an amazing night. When morning finally came, Jane looked at me.

"Are you feeling better?" she asked.

"I am, I really am. I know I have to get on with my life. And I want to thank you for what you have done for me."

"That's the way it started. I was just going to let you fuck me, then say goodnight and hope for the best. But you surprised me. You turned me on so much, I just wanted to have you do it over and over again. Can I call on you to please me in the future?" 

"If I can call on you to please me."

"Of course, of course. Oh god, I told myself I wouldn't..."

"Wouldn't what?"

"Change the way I feel about you. I was just going to keep you as a friend, but now I want you as a lover, even if I'm going out with someone else."

"Really? You would cheat on your boyfriend?"

"With you, yes. I would tell him about you and that it's just sex. If he didn't like it, I would break up with him until I found one that liked that was cheating on him. There have to be men out there like that. I want to keep you as a lover. Maybe even let my boyfriend fuck me at the same time. I would like to try that."

"Uh...I don't know about that. We might want to wait on that one for awhile. Quite awhile."

"Sure. Are you going home now?"

"Yes, I need to get some sleep. Would you like to go out later?"

"Yes."

"Okay, I'll call you when I wake up."

"Great. I'm going to sleep now."

She closed her eyes and was out like a light. I got dressed, kissed her on the cheek and left, locking the door behind me. As I walked into my parent's house, my mom was sitting at the kitchen table sipping a cup of coffee.

"Did you have fun last night?" she asked.

"I did, thank you for asking. Did you have fun?"

"I did. Did you go home with that nice looking girl you were dancing with all night?"

"No, I didn't. Why do you ask?" I asked.

"Just wondering. You two looked good together and I watched when you were kissing and it looked serious."
