 When I was in college, I lived with a small-town girl in a 2-bedroom apartment. I was 24 at the time and she was just 19. One night after I had retired she came to my bedroom door. She stood in the doorway in a tiny t-shirt and cotton panties with little flowers on them, looking very sweet and innocent and asked if she could sleep in my bed with me. I said "yes," and she crawled in bed with me. I thought I was going to get some action for sure, but she simply went to sleep. 

A short while later I felt her hands start to roam all over my body. She didn't say anything and I just lay there quietly seeing what was going to happen. I felt her hand move over my crotch and my cock stood right up at attention. She began rubbing my cock over my boxer shorts. I decided to make my move and I slid my hand over to her stomach and began running it up and down her shirt. She still didn't say a word, just kept rubbing my dick. I took it one step further and slid my hand down over her bare stomach and towards her panties. I debated on whether or not to slide my fingers under the waistband or not. I opted for not and started rubbing her crotch over her panties. She spread her legs a little so I could have better access. We lay there for a few more minutes just rubbing each other. Then, as abruptly as she started, she rolled over and went to sleep. 

A few nights later, she appeared at my door again. Wearing a similar t-shirt and panties. She looked at me with big innocent brown eyes and asked if she could sleep with me. Without hesitation I uttered, "yes!" She crawled under the covers and appeared to have fallen asleep. Sure enough, not even a few minutes later, over came her hands. I didn't waste any time getting my hand over to her panties. This time she reached inside my shorts and grabbed my cock full on and started jerking me off. I went for gold and slid my hand right under the waistband of her panties and began to rub my finger up and down her slit. 

She was dry at first but didn't take long to start getting wet. She finally spoke and told me that she had never been with a man before. I knew when she moved in she was a good little religious girl from small town America, so I wasn't surprised to hear her say that. As she stroked my cock she told me that she wanted me to teach her how to be "nasty." 

Who was I to refuse such a request? I asked her if she would like to suck my cock. She answered me by bending her head down and taking the tip of my cock into her mouth. Having never done it before it was kind of awkward at first. I showed her how to make an 'O' with her lips and to bob her head up and down with a slight sucking action. She was a natural and within no time I was ready to come. I told her I was getting close to coming. She wasn't so innocent as to not know what I meant by that so she stopped sucking me immediately. 

She said she didn't want me to come in her mouth. I understood and didn't press the matter. I did however ask her if she would like me to eat her out. She moved back over to her side of the bed and laid back. I moved over closer to her and began rubbing her pussy through her pretty little panties. Her legs spread again and she threw her head back. I slid my fingers under the elastic of her panties and began to slide them off. She lifted her ass so I could get them off and slide them over her long legs. The smell of her virgin sex was thick in the air and made me hungry for her. I was tempted to dive at her snatch but decided that I should proceed carefully with this being her first time. I lowered my mouth towards her pussy and as I got close enough, I stuck my tongue out and it came in contact with her clit. She just about jumped off the bed. 

"What was that?" she said. 

"That was your clit." I answered. "You're going to like it, trust me." She relaxed and I went back to work on her. I opted to stay clear of the clit for a while and started licking up and down her labia instead. Her hands rubbed my body as I gave her pussy its very first tongue-lashing. Her head rolled from side to side as I began using longer and more forceful strokes of my tongue. It was now time to explore the totally virgin territory of her pussy. I took the index finger of my right hand and slid it into my mouth to get it wet. Then I slid it up and down the entire length of her snatch to get it really slippery. On the final downward stroke, I headed straight for her hole and began to slide it in. She tensed up at the sensation but I was persistent and she eventually relaxed and my finger slid into her up to the first knuckle. 

She smiled and made a soft sound in her throat. I began to press further and my finger slid all the way home into her. She started moving her hips from side to side and I could tell she was enjoying the feeling. I just left my finger in her, buried to the hilt, for a few minutes and let her move around it. I then started to move it in and out very slowly. Shortly thereafter I moved my second finger into her and she took them both. She was starting to buck against my hand and my fingers slid in and out of her quite vigorously now. After several more minutes of this, she told me that she was starting to get sore and would like to stop. I obliged by slurping my fingers out of her snatch and putting them right into my mouth. The scent was strong and the taste was sweet. I enjoyed licking my fingers clean as she lay the watching me. 

Christmas break came and she went back home for the holidays. I spent my free time thinking about her innocent face in my doorway one minute and in my crotch the next. I was becoming obsessed with the thought of her. She returned the day before classes were to start. That night I waited with great anticipation to see if she would appear in my doorway again. 

Alas, it was not to be and I tried to sleep with a raging hard on. The next night however, shortly after I turned in for bed, there she was at my doorway, her silhouette was very pronounced by the moonlight coming in though her bedroom window. I could see her figure beneath her rather loose fitting nightshirt. Every curve stood out against the stark contrast of dark and light. In her very most sweet and innocent voice she said, "Daddy. Can I sleep with you tonight?" I thought my dick would explode. I didn't even answer her. 

All I could do was stare at her with my mouth hanging open. She crawled right on top of me and stuck her tongue down my throat. Her hand went for my crotch in search of her favorite toy. It took me a few seconds to gather my sanity and formulate the most basic of thoughts. "Touch her pussy you dumb bastard!" popped into my mind and my hand, acting on it's own accord, slid right into her panties and found her pussy dripping wet. (She later confessed that she had been touching herself before she came into my room.)

We kissed passionately for several minutes, each of us furiously rubbing the others crotch. She broke the kiss, looked me in the eyes and flashed me a devilish smile. It was different to see her looking so nasty when a few minutes ago she was so sweet and innocent. She was straddling me when she suddenly turned around and sat back down over my chest, her back to me. I couldn't see what she was doing but I could feel her hands starting to work their way into my shorts. In one swift movement she slid them clean off of me. 

She cupped my rock-hard cock in her hands, running her fingers over the head and smearing the slippery pre-cum all up and down the shaft. Her head bent down and into her mouth it went. Slowly at first but then with great fever she bobbed her head on my dick. I was lying back enjoying this and decided she should get in on the oral action as well. I reached around her waist and pulled her back to me. She knew what I wanted and began to slide her legs back until she was lying right on top of me in a 69. Her cotton-covered crotch was right before my eyes. 

Again the scent of sex was in the air and this time I was too hungry to play nice. I started eating her pussy right through the crotch of her panties. I could feel her moan as my cock was buried deep in her mouth. I licked and sucked at the crotch of her panties until they began to tear. I slid them to the side and drove my tongue deep into her pussy. I licked and nibbled at her clit as she bobbed and sucked at my cock. My head was in a purple haze. 

Coherent thought eluded me as primal instincts took over. All of a sudden I was an animal, the only thing that matted to me was getting as much of her pussy into me as I could. I pulled both of her lips into my mouth at once and began to suck hard on them. I could almost feel them stretching under the pressure. I slowly began to realize that she was trying to say something to me. I returned to reality in time to hear her ask me to be a little gentler, she felt like I was trying to suck her whole body into me, which was not far from the truth. 

I apologized for my roughness and she told me not to worry about it. Then she told me not to worry about warning her when I was ready to come and began sucking me again. I was completely engulfed in her. I returned to licking her snatch, albeit a little gentler than before. I tried hard to think of something that would hold off on my impending orgasm a little longer. I thought of baseball, complex mathematical theories that I knew nothing about; I even made a mental picture of a nun.

It turned out to be her in a habit. I could not hold out any longer and shot a long hard load of cum into her mouth. She didn't stop sucking until I was dry. She rolled off of me and we both lay there gasping for breath. The next thing I remember, I was 20 minutes late for class and she was nowhere to be found.

Later that day I came home from school to find her at the stove making lunch. She was wearing a pair of spandex biking shorts and one of my shirts. "Hello!" she called from the kitchen as she heard me close the door. "How was chemistry?" she inquired.

"It sucked." I replied. I never liked chemistry and was seriously considering changing my major. 

"I'm making something to eat. Would you like something?" She asked. There was a hint of naughtiness in her voice. 

"Yeah I'd like to eat your pussy you little tease" I thought to myself. "That sounds good to me."

I heard her reply from behind the wall. I then realized that I did not think that last thought to myself, but rather uttered it out loud. I walked into our modest kitchen and she was now standing against one of the cupboards putting food on a plate. I walked right up behind her and ran my hands over her ass. 

"I love an ass in spandex." I cooed. I was standing as close to her as I could get, rubbing her tight little ass. She bent her head around backwards and began to kiss me. She never did get to finish lunch as we were to busy eating each other on the couch. Every single night until spring break, we sucked and licked and rubbed each other till we both came.

There were days that I could hardly walk my dick was so sore from overuse. She slept with me every night. Each night was like the first as she stood in the doorway and asked in her sweet little small-town girl voice, "Daddy. Can I sleep with you tonight?" That was just the beginning.