 I wonder how you say in Spanish, "You have gorgeous tits"? Maybe I should ask her? Every time she bends down to take something out of her briefcase, I get a glimpse of her nipples. Something tells me she knows that she is driving me wild with lust. Showing up for a job interview without a bra, wearing a red silk blouse with three buttons undone is certainly meant to send a signal. I think the word for breast is "pecho." What have I got to lose? She is the one flashing her tits and she is the one hoping to teach Spanish here in the Fall. "Senorita Torres, tu tienes pechos magnificos." 

A sly smile was her initial response. Her eyes glanced down at her cleavage and then locked directly into my eyes. "I wondered if you'd notice. I thought it might help me stand out. The thing is, I really need this job, Mr. Murphy. I wanted this interview to stay in your memory." 

I stared unabashedly at her tits and then down her beautiful legs, covered only slightly by a sexy white miniskirt, and then back up to her large almond eyes and perfect full lips. "I am sure with your obvious assets you could be a very successful model, why do you want to be a teacher?" 

"Because I would like to use my mind, not just my body, if you know what I mean. I want to be able to decide for myself when to exercise my mind and when to satisfy my body. In modeling, the choice is not yours. It's all about your body and never about your mind." 

I had been the Principal of Bay Ridge High for only a week and already I have encountered two unexpected perks. One was sitting two feet away from me in my rather spacious office and the other was my visually appealing secretary who, although she dressed conservatively, possessed a body right out of a wet dream. 

"Well, senorita, I have to admit that you do stand out as a strong candidate for the position," I said, glancing once again at her perfect tits. "I am quite impressed with you."

Her eyes fell down to my crotch and, with a devilish grin, she replied, "Yes, I notice that you are." Of course my cock had been getting longer and harder every time she bent down, but I didn't realize that it was so obvious. Her comment only served to inflame my condition. I looked down a little sheepishly and admitted my discomfort. "If this interview goes much longer, I will be forced to excuse myself and seek some relief."

"Why would you want to excuse yourself? I would be happy to lend a helping hand." And with her dark eyes looking straight into mine, she undid another button displaying her cleavage almost to her navel. "Te gusta que ve?" 

"Si," I stammered, "I like what I see very much." 

She spread her blouse wide exposing the most perfect tits I had ever laid my eyes on. They were creamy coffee colored with areoles the size of half dollars and beautiful erect nipples that protruded like succulent spring blossoms. They stood out proudly from her chest without even a hint of sag. She looked down at them with obvious pride and took her nipples between the two fingers of each hand. "When I pinch my nipples, I get a shiver that runs right down to my pussy." She coyly raised her eyes. "Do you know the Spanish word for pussy?" 

By this time I was trying not to lose my load in my pants. "No, what is the word for pussy in Spanish?'

"It's "gatito" – like a furry little cat – and mine is beginning to salivate." One hand left her breast and moved down between her legs. She raised her behind off the chair and hiked her skirt up exposing her sheer white thong. The nylon did not hide the small patch of pubic hair or the bulging outline of her pussy lips. She rubbed her pussy through the transparent material. "You can see how wet I am getting, can't you?" she said, her head bent forward trying to get a view of her own cunt.

"I bet you would like to put your tongue in my pussy, wouldn't you?" 

I had a hard time catching my breath. "Yes, yes, I would like that," I said too quickly. 

"Yes, you would like that I'll bet, Mr. Murphy. My pussy would like that too. Why don't you kneel down between my legs and suck my pussy?" 

Without hesitation I dropped to my knees and dove head first into her welcoming crotch. 

"Take your time," she cooed, "I like it slow at first. Run your tongue along my cunt lips and get my thong all wet and sloppy. See if you can taste my cum juice through my panties. Yes, yes, like that. Oh god, yes like that. Suck my cunt, suck my cunt! Oh yes, keep sucking my hot juicy cunt.. She reached down and pulled her thong aside. "Put your tongue right inside my pussy. I want to feel your tongue inside my cunt."

So much for the slow pace. Senorita was on fire. I pulled her cunt lips apart and licked the length of her pussy, flicking at her clit in passing. Her cum juice was flowing over my tongue and I lapped it up eagerly. I pressed her swollen clit between my lips and nibbled on it, sending a spasm through her body. With one hand she continued to squeeze her nipple and the other pressed my head into her crotch.

"Oh madre de dios, yes, yes, yes, that's it. Suck my clit. Please, please, do it."

As I sucked and licked her pussy, my mind flashed to my secretary. I was hoping she wouldn't hear some of senorita's demands, which were getting louder by the minute. Little did I know that Sally, my secretary, was watching this exhibition from her secret closet adjoining my office. This was Sally's playpen, complete with vibrators of various sizes and dildos of every description. At the moment she was using a large black dildo with a textured surface. While senorita was clamoring for more tongue action on her clit, Sally was busy fucking herself with a massive black cock. I, of course, was totally unaware that the full length mirror on my office wall was Sally's window to my clandestine activities. She had been using it for years to spy on my two predecessors and was delighted with today's matinee. 

With her eyes glued to the cunt-sucking performance, and listening to the sordid monologue through a hidden speaker system, Sally muttered her own commentary while she avidly pumped the huge dildo into her pussy: "Oh yeah, suck her pussy. Get that cream flowing out of her pussy. Get her off. Make her scream."

Senorita was, meanwhile, on the brink of a colossal climax. 

"Oh god, I am going to come; I'm coming, I'm coming. Fuck me, fuck me please. Stick your cock in my cunt. Quick, fuck my fucking cunt!"

I scrambled to feet, not wishing to keep the lady waiting. I hurriedly whipped out my throbbing cock while she pulled down her thong and, bending over the chair, presented me with her dripping pussy. 

"Oh madre de dios, I need your cock in me now. Shove it up my cunt. I need to be fucked so bad." My cock slid up to the hilt on the first thrust. Holding her hips like handles I pulled out and again jammed my cock all the way up her hot, juicy cunt.

"Oh yes, oh god yes, fuck me harder. Don't stop, please don't stop. That feels so fucking good." 

I, of course, had no intention of stopping until I had filled her pussy with my hot cum. And Sally had no intention of stopping either as she picked up the pace to a feverish level. 

"Oh yeah, give it to her. Bang her with that beautiful prick. That's it, fuck her, fuck her good baby. Oh you're making me come, I'm coming, I'm coming."

The senorita was simultaneously on the threshold of her climax.

"Oh yes, fill my cunt with your cum. Fuck me all the way." Her pussy began to squeeze my cock in spasmodic sensations. I could not even verbalize the pleasure that I felt. "Ooooh, oooh yes, fuck yes." 

Sally made her entrance as soon as we had resumed a more professional pose. "Sally, would you send over Miss Torres's resume to the district office with a recommendation for hiring her. Miss Torres, you should plan on coming back next week at the same time and I'll provide you with an orientation to your program. You can plan on it taking about two hours." I couldn't help but notice a smile creasing Sally's face as she led the senorita out of the office. At the door she turned and said, "Your next appointment is here. Two seniors from the cheerleading squad who have a proposition, I mean a proposal, that they want to give you."

"Sounds interesting, you can send them in." Momentarily Sally reappeared at the door and announced the girls, "This is Cassie and Tina from the cheerleading squad. By the way, your next appointment is not until two o'clock this afternoon." Again the smile.

"Hi, I'm Cassie and this is my friend Tina. It's nice to meet you." Cassie was a blond with a petite figure and bright blue eyes. Tina had dark brown hair, full lips and a gorgeous set of legs. Tina also had ample sized tits. Both wore skimpy royal blue skirts, part of a cheerleading outfit that barely covered the essentials. On top they wore cut off white tee shirts that left everything exposed from just below their breasts to a line just above their pudenda. In total they wore about 8 linear inches of clothes.

"We're here to ask for your support in starting a dance team in our school. Cheerleading is getting a little old and we would like to make a transition into dance routines during basketball games. We'd like to demonstrate some of the dance routines and get your opinion, if you have a few minutes." There wasn't much I could say except, "Sure, go for it girls."

They looked at each other with large smiles and Cassie placed her boom box on the floor. "You might want to sit over on your couch and we'll use the floor space in front of you to dance, okay?"

"Sounds good," I said as I made my way to the couch. 

"We think you'll like the routine," Tina chimed in, "we've worked hard on it."

As the music began a slow beat, the girls stood facing me. They began to move to the rhythm of the beat, moving their hips in slow and very sexy circles. They stretched their arms above their heads causing their tee shirts to ride up revealing that neither was wearing a bra. The bottoms of their perky breasts peeked out below their abbreviated tee shirts causing an immediate reaction in my crotch. I could feel my face getting flushed but the girls were undaunted. They sank to their knees and then to a sitting position, spreading their legs out as far as they could. The eyes of both girls were on me as my gaze fell to their liberally revealed crotches. I expected to see spandex gym shorts but my first impression was that they were each wearing skimpy yellow thongs. They left no doubt about it when they quickly turned over to a kneeling position leaving their fully exposed ass cheeks in my view. They wiggled their asses back and forth a few times, knowing that their miniskirts were hiding nothing from my mesmerized stare. Tina rolled back to a sitting position, again spreading her lovely legs apart while looking straight into my eyes. Cassie spun around on her knees behind Tina and faced me as well, looking over Tina's head. Her hands traveled slowly down from Tina's shoulders to her breasts. Both girls kept their eyes focused on me as Tina's hands inched their way up under Cassie's tee shirt and began to gently massage her tits. Cassie's eyes closed and her tongue wet her sexy lips. Cassie then stood and turned to face Tina so that her crotch was directly in Tina's face. She gathered up her skirt in her hands, and dropped it over Tina's head. She then began to move her crotch back and forth, gyrating into Tina's face, simulating a male getting a blowjob. Cassie let out a groan as though she had climaxed. Tina fell back into a prone position with her legs again spread apart. Cassie maneuvered herself between Tina's legs supported by her arms. She began to do pushups, moving quickly up and down in a simulated act of intercourse. Again a sigh of release. The girls bounced up and faced me as the music came to an end.

"So what do you think, Mr. Murphy? We call that routine Simulations in X," Cassie said unabashedly. 

"Well," I said without hesitation, "I think some members of the Board of Ed might have a little trouble with certain parts of the routine."

"Not Mr. Peterson," said Tina, "he would probably come in his pants. He's always showing up at school to check the girls out in the summer." Cassie collapsed on the other end of the couch, not seeming to care that her thong was completely exposed and her crotch was staring hungrily at me. Tina adjusted the boom box to some soft music and walked towards me. She nonchalantly pulled up her tee shirt to wipe her brow, exposing a large set of perfectly shaped tits. I stared in awe. 

"Oh gosh I'm sorry," she laughed, "I forgot that I didn't have anything on underneath."

"Yeah sure Tina, you just wanted to show off those melons. I know your tricks," Cassie said with a knowing smile on her face.

"You're the one with the perfect tits, Cassie. Show Mr. Murphy," Tina retorted.

"I'm sure Mr. Murphy has seen lots of tits before," replied Cassie.

"Not perfect tits like yours. Look at these Mr. Murphy." Tina leaned over the reclining Cassie and pulled her cut-off tee shirt up over her tits revealing their perfect size and shape. "Look at those," she repeated, "are they not perfect in every way? They are not too big, and not too small, and they are the essence of perkiness. They jut out and come to a point at those rose bud nipples. God I love those tits." 

"Mr. Murphy is going to think we are lesbos, Tina. We're really not lesbos, Mr. Murphy," Cassie claimed, looking up at me while Tina gently traced the outline of those sublime tits.

"No we're not, just ask Jason Wright; he got the blow job of his life last Friday night. A "two-for," Tina continued.

"God Tina, can't you keep anything to yourself? Mr. Murphy doesn't need to know every detail of our sex lives." Meanwhile Tina continued to lean over the back of the couch and massage Cassie's breasts, first one and then the other. 

"Stop Tina, you're beginning to get me horny. Mr. Murphy is probably embarrassed by this scene."

"Well it is not a typical first encounter between principal and students but I have to admit that I am enjoying it," I admitted.

"See, Cassie, I told you he was cool. We heard from some of the other kids that you were a hunk so we came up with this dance routine idea just to get in and meet you." Cassie reached down between her legs and began to rub her pussy while Tina continued to caress her tits. Tina bent down and licked Cassie's erect nipple. "Look at that perfect nipple. It is sooo suckable." Cassie's hand was beginning to rub her pussy a little faster. Her hand slipped under the elastic of the yellow thong so she could get at her clit.

"I am getting really hot... and wet. My cunt is getting really wet Tina." 

"Let's have a look at that," replied Tina as she made her way around to the front of the couch. She knelt down on the floor and started to pull off Cassie's little thong. "God, Cassie, they're drenched in cum juice, you horny little hussy."

"Oh Jesus, I need your tongue in my pussy Tina, please." Tina quickly took hold of the little thong and pulled it down past Cassie's knees and off. She immediately went to work on her friend's very needy cunt and my boner grew from big to very big. Tina's face turned toward me just as I was trying to rearrange my cock in my pants.

"Feel free to take that out, Mr. Murphy, we won't tell anyone if you don't." I knew that I shouldn't, but I didn't even hesitate. My cock had been straining to be free and it immediately jumped to attention. "Holy shit, Mr. Murphy, you're a real horse!! Cassie, do you see the size of Mr. Murphy's cock?"

Cassie's eyes went from dreamy slits to wide open as she focused on my purple-headed prick. "Oh lord, bring that over here and put it in my mouth. I have to taste that cock." She reached out and guided my throbbing member into her open mouth. She sucked on the knob at first and then moved down the shaft. She licked the sides and then inserted as much of my cock as she could into her mouth. I brushed her blond hair to one side so that I could watch this little nymphomaniac swallow my cock. 

Tina had suspended work on Cassie's cunt while she surveyed the cock-sucking action. "Make sure you save some of that for me, Cassie. Don't let him come until I get a taste." 

"Don't worry Tina," said Cassie as she pumped my rod with her hand, "there is enough here for our whole squad." 

"Fuck them, I want to see if I can deep throat that thing," Tina said excitedly. 

Once again my mind flashed to the possibility of Sally interrupting this delicious banquet of cunt and cock. But again I was ignorant of the fact that Sally was a silent partner to the activities – or almost silent anyway.

"Oh yes, yes, take that cock in your mouth sweetie. Suck that big, beautiful cock. Shove it down her throat. Come in her mouth, come, come, oh god, I'm coming, I'm coming." Sally was using one hand to hold open her cunt lips and the other to finger fuck herself to climax. Her view of the couch was unobstructed and she was enjoying every moment of it. 

Tina had now moved up to get her share of the action. "I'll keep my finger in your pussy, Cas, but I need to taste that cock."

"Take your panties off and I'll finger-fuck you at the same time that we suck off Mr. Murphy," Cassie replied. Tina immediately dropped her panties on the floor and moved on to the couch next to Cassie.

The scene that lay before me was too beautiful to believe – two gorgeous girls sucking my throbbing cock and each with their fingers in the other's pussy. I didn't care even if my secretary walked in – this was nirvana.

"Can you believe the size of this cock Tina? And it's got such a beautiful curve to it. And the head is so purple, it looks like a giant mushroom." 

Tina giggled and responded, "I feel a haiku poem coming on: 

A Rigid masterpiece

And succulent

A feast for the eyes"

Both girls broke into a fit of giggles. Cassie continued to pump, lick and suck.

"How about a limerick? Let's come up with a limerick," said Tina. "There once was a cock from Little Rock." 

"No," interrupted Cassie, "This instrument deserves more respect than that. We should compose a love sonnet. Ode to Mr. Murphy's Cock. 

"Behold Mr. Murphy's luscious tool

It makes it fun to come to school." Again the girls burst into a fit of laughter. Tina added, You may consider me a wonton hussy 

But I'd love to feel it in my pussy." 

Amid the giggles, Tina helped herself to my cock. "Let me see if I can deep-throat it. Do you think I can?"

"No way you are swallowing that whole thing, Tina, you'll choke." To Tina that sounded like a dare that she couldn't resist. She opened her mouth wide and descended upon my massive dick. I had never had someone do that before and it was an amazing sight to see my eight inch rod disappear inside Tina's lovely mouth. The sensation of her tonsils gliding over my cock was overwhelming.

Cassie was awestruck, "Oh my god Tina, you are incredible. How did you do

"It's easy, you just relax your throat muscles and let it slide down. Try it." 

"Girls, I hate to ruin this teaching opportunity but I feel like I am going to come soon. Do you have any preference in terms of my load?"

"I want to swallow it. I never swallowed cum before," Cassie said excitedly.

"I'll jerk it off into your mouth," added Tina as she grasped my raging prick with her left hand. As Cassie put her mouth around the head of my cock, Tina began to pump. "God, it's so thick, I can't even wrap my hand around it. Okay Mr. Murphy, let it rip. Come in her mouth. Cassie wants to taste that sweet cum of yours. Look at that beautiful cock. Suck it Cassie, suck that gorgeous cock. Oh god here it comes. He's coming in your mouth Cassie. He's coming in your mouth."

The first rush of cum exploded out of my cock and Cassie took all of it into her mouth. Tina kept pumping and the fountain of sperm kept flowing. After three loads, Cassie swallowed and put her mouth back on my purple knob hoping for more. 
