 I walk into the bar and look around. Typical Friday night—all guys having a drink after a long day at work. Mostly regulars just hanging out. I get a few waves and nods as I make my way to a stool near the end of the bar. The bartender and I exchange a few words and she brings me the usual. I look a couple of stools over and there’s a face I haven’t seen before. Tall, dark hair, clean cut, an earring. Hmmm, I think to myself—very nice. I catch his eye and he smiles. "Hi." I say, smiling back. 

"Hi." He replies. I move down to the stool next to him. 

"I’ve never seen you here before." I say, extending my hand. "I’m Laura." 

"I’m Mike." He says, smiling that sexy smile again.

We have a drink and start talking about the weather, work, just general getting-to-know-you stuff. I decide to challenge him to a game of darts. "Sure," he says "but we have to have a bet." 

"OK—winner buys the next round." I say.

"I was thinking of something a little more interesting." He says, giving me a sly look.

"Really?" I ask. "What did you have in mind?"

"Well, let’s start out easy. Loser has to kiss the winner."

"Oh, please—there’s no loser in that situation." I laugh. But I agree and we start to play. I’m getting a pretty good buzz about halfway through the game but I manage to win it anyway. "OK—time to pay up." I say, beckoning him toward the back door. We walk outside behind the bar. "I can’t kiss you in there." I explain, heading for the picnic table out back. "Too many nosy people." I sit on the edge of the table and pull him over to me. He bends his head and touches his lips to mine, softly. I open my mouth to him and his tongue slips inside. He teases me with his tongue, sliding around in my mouth, sucking and nibbling my bottom lip. There’s a cool breeze outside. My nipples are hardening against the fabric of my shirt—a combination of arousal and the cool night air. I can feel my pussy starting to get wet. 

His hand rests at my waist, then slowly slides up toward my breast. He runs his thumb along the bottom of my breast. Then he rubs his thumb across my nipple and I shiver. "Oh, God." I whisper. I lean back, resting my palms on the table, sliding my ass closer to the edge. He leans over me, now our crotches are touching. I know this is probably a bad idea, but I can’t help myself. I can feel his hard cock through his jeans. He pinches my nipple between his thumb and forefinger, rolling and pulling it. I wrap my legs around him, rubbing against his cock. He leans over farther, pinning me against the picnic table. He slides his hand down along my thigh, then up under my skirt, kissing me the whole time. I suck in my breath as his finger finds my slit. He strokes softly through my panties, gradually increasing the pressure. "Mmm…wet." He says. I’m getting very worked up, my panties are soaked and he pulls his finger away long enough to hook it over the elastic of my g-string and pull it down and off. 

He drops to his knees in front of me and pushes my skirt up. His tongue finds my pussy and he starts flicking my clit with his tongue. Then he licks up and down my cunt lips, pushing his tongue inside me. I’m rocking against him, pushing against his mouth, wanting more. He takes my clit between his lips and starts sucking it, gently. In no time at all, I feel the orgasm building. I wrap my legs around him and bite my lip, trying to muffle the scream. I come, thrashing around on the table. He looks up at me from my dripping slit and smiles. I’m almost embarrassed at my response. I’m such a slut! 

He pulls me off the table and turns me around. I bend over and rest my palms against the table. My legs are apart and my ass is sticking out, my skirt is bunched up and I can feel the juice dripping out of my pussy and down my leg. I can’t believe I’m going to let this stranger fuck me right here in the open where anyone could walk out of the bar and see us. I hear his zipper and then I feel him stroking the head of his cock up and down my soaked cunt lips. He leans over and whispers in my ear. "What a hot, wet little slut you are. Tell me what you want." Dear God, I can’t help myself. 

"I want you to stick your cock in me and fuck my juicy cunt." I say, wiggling my ass at him. 

"Oh, I love it when you talk dirty." He chuckles, sliding just the head inside me. It feels so good. His cock head is stretching my pussy open. The cool breeze feels wonderful on my hot, wet cunt. He presses forward, giving me just a little more and I moan, pushing back toward him. He pulls back and I let out a little frustrated whimper. "What’s the matter, slut? Not getting what you want?" he asks me. 

"No, I’m not." I answer honestly. 

"Well, maybe if you ask nicely..." He teases.

"Goddamnit, fuck me, you bastard." 

"Oh, now, that’s not asking nicely." He says, rubbing his dick up and down my slit. I look over my shoulder and see his cock for the first time. It’s big and hard and I can see the tip glistening with a mixture of his pre-come and the juice from my pussy. 

"Please fuck me." I say over my shoulder. "I’m sorry—I’ll be good. I promise!" I can tell from the look in his eyes that he likes this little game. "Please." I say again.

He leans forward then, pressing the head of his stiff prick against my juicy cunt lips. I lean my forearms on the table and he presses forward, whispering in my ear, "Is that what you want?"

"Yes. Oh, God." I say, feeling the length of him inside me, stretching my tight pussy. He leans forward and I can feel all of him. He’s buried inside me, not moving, giving me time to adjust to the size and feel of him. He slides out almost all the way, then thrusts back inside me, hard. His cock feels so good--thick and long. He’s hitting the bottom of my pussy with every stroke. I’m so turned on by the fact that someone could come out of the bar any minute or pull up in a car and see me. I’m standing there like a slut with my legs spread getting my dripping pussy filled with cock. 

I manage to get my hand between my cunt and the edge of the picnic table and start playing with myself. He sees what I’m doing and says "That’s it—make yourself come for me. I want to feel you come on my cock." I close my eyes and press my finger against my clit, rubbing myself until I feel the second orgasm coming. I cry out as wave after wave of pleasure washes over me. I can feel my pussy clenching around his stiff prick. "Oh, yes," he says. "That’s it. I’m coming with you." He buries his dick in me and I can feel his come filling my pussy as he thrusts his cock deep in my wet hole. I cry out as he shoots his load inside me and we both collapse on the table, panting and laughing softly. 

"How about another game of darts?" I ask, straightening my clothes and retrieving my g-string from the ground and dangling it off my fingertip. 

"OK. What should we play for this time?" he asks innocently as we head for the bar.