 Darren and I reluctantly got out of the warm bubbling pond. We gathered up our swimsuits and walked naked, hand in hand, to the edge of the lake. It was quite late in the afternoon but still oppressively hot and muggy so we slipped into the cooler water, still naked. As I floated on my back I let my long brown hair flow all around me and sighed with contentment. I had just had the most incredible sex of my life, and the evening had not even begun!

"You look like the lady of the lake...except naked," Darren teased as he swam over to me. I kept my eyes closed and smirked, feeling the cool water splash over me as he came closer. His hot mouth descended upon my right nipple and the embers in the pit of my stomach flared again with desire. How could I be so aroused still after such mind-blowing and satisfying orgasms?? 

"You do something to me, Kass. I don't know what it is, but I want to completely ravish and devour you...I've never felt so animal before!" I opened my eyes to find Darren staring intently at me, with a quizzical expression as if he were trying to figure it all out. 

"Don't think...just be and do as you need...," I responded, and wrapped my arms around his neck. I kissed him sweetly on the lips, and then down his jaw, around his ear, down his neck and collar bone. Suddenly I wanted him out of the water so I could explore him further. Sensing what I wanted Darren nodded to the waterfall and began swimming towards it. I followed and watched as he climbed up some rocks to the left of it then disappeared within it. This was the stuff of romance novels and fantasy movies!!! I swam towards the rocks and found a hand hold to pull myself up. Within seconds I was through the side of the waterfall and behind it in a cave-like alcove. I turned to face the back of the waterfall, amazed at the beautiful sight of the late afternoon sun shining straight through it, creating tiny mist rainbows all around. I put my hand out into the waterfall to make certain this was all real. 

When I turned back around Darren was standing only a foot or so away from me, smiling down at me from his 6' something frame. Being only 5'2" or so he towered over me, and was pure masculine sex, all tanned, toned and absoluely gorgeous. His cock was rigid and pointing straight at my belly button. I took a few more moments to admire him before touching his chest. 

He closed his eyes as my small hands roamed over his broad muscled chest. I could feel every ripple as I committed the feel to memory. I traced circles gently around his nipples and his mouth opened to let out a hiss. I wanted to taste every inch of him as I stepped closer to take the taut bud into my mouth. Darren moaned lowly as I flicked my tongue over the hard pink nub between my teeth. 

I think he knew that I wanted control and the freedom to explore him fully, so he didn't move as I kissed down his rock hard stomach towards his jutting cock. My hands traced every ridge of muscle down his abs and down the sides to his groin. He was god-like and I was getting extremely turned on by just touching him. It was unreal...I had never felt like this before. It was indeed animal like as Darren had said...it felt like we had awoken something very primitive inside of each other. 

My kisses turned to licks and light nips as I went further down Darren's stomach. I could feel his breathing coming in ragged bursts and smiled as I licked down one side of his balls. He tensed and moaned as I licked up the other side slowly and sensually. I wrapped my hand gently around his massive girth and held his cock upwards as I licked the shaft and around his balls. Growls erupted from deep within him and I looked up to see him, eyes closed and head back, clenching his teeth. 

His fingers wrapped themselves in my hair as he guided my mouth back to his cock. I licked the tip and then opened my mouth as wide as I could, knowing I would never fit that monster completely in there. I licked and sucked as I inched down his massive member and he trembled and gripped my hair tighter. Going as far as I could I swirled my tongue around and hummed, creating an intense vibrating suction as I pulled back.

"Ahhhhh.....fuuuuuuckkkkkkk...", he cried out as I moved back down his cock, lodging the tip at the back of my throat. I used my left hand to cup and fondle his balls while the right hand twisted and jerked the rest of the shaft that wouldn't fit. I had never had something so big in my mouth before, and I was getting wetter and wetter knowing I was giving him such intense pleasure. His cock twitched in my throat and I knew he was close. Although I wanted desperately to fuck him right there and then I was determined to give him as much pleasure with my mouth as he had me with his. 

I increased my tempo, jerking and twisting, creating vibrations and suction and friction, bobbing up and down on his shaft until I could feel his legs start to tremble and his balls tighten. I took a deep breath and pushed his cock as far back as I could manage, and to my surprise it slid past my gag reflex and lodged in my throat. He erupted, growling and cursing as his hot seed shot down my throat, blast after hot blast. I swallowed quickly and furiously, my throat milking his cock, causing him to grunt loudly at each contraction of my throat. I licked the rest of the cum from his cock and looked up at him, licking my lips. 

Darren's legs gave way and he fell into my arms, my body breaking his fall against the hard rock beneath us. He was totally spent and his body was heaving trying to catch his breath. We were both drenched with sweat regardless of the cool water splashing up at us from the back of the waterfall. I lay back on the cool rock and held him to me while his breathing slowly returned to normal. I stroked his hair as I cradled him against my breast, his torso across my spread legs. This was an unbelievable experience...a magical afternoon that I never wanted to end. I closed my eyes and sighed sadly knowing I would have to go back to reality sooner than I wanted to. 

We both must have drifted off as the next thing I heard was a loud crack of thunder right above us. The rock of the cave echoed the tenfold and I sat up with a start. Darren was already sitting up grinning at me when I looked at him. It was darker now in the cave - the black clouds of the storm had turned the beautiful afternoon sky to an almost midnight pitch and I could see no light on the other side of the waterfall. 

I shivered suddenly, and realized the hot, muggy afternoon had broken with the storm. "As much as I would love to lie naked with you here all night, I think we would be more comfortable and warmer back at the cabin," Darren stated, grabbing my hand to help me up. He pulled me into a bone crushing embrace and held me as though he would never let go. I looked up at him and smiled. The smile he gave me back almost made my heart burst. 

We inched down the rocks into the lake and swam across to our clothes. As we picked them up the skies opened and hail the size of golf balls came pelting down at us. We made a mad dash for the cabin, barefoot and naked, running through the forest, laughing. The canopy of leaves protected us from the largest hail stones but we were still pummelled by the smaller ones. Finally we came to the cabin, and ran quickly up the stairs and in the front door. Darren slammed the door shut behind me and we both collapsed onto the couch to catch our breath, laughing. 

I lay naked on the couch while Darren lit a fire. We had been naked for hours and it hadn't bothered me at all. I felt no need to cover myself, no shame at all...it seemed perfectly natural to be naked amongst the beauty of Darren's land. And of course, I did not want Darren to cover up - I ached when I looked at his glistening tanned form, an ache that was deep and primal and needed tending to again, very soon. 

My stomach growled loudly and we both laughed. 

"I guess we should fix something to eat then...it's been a while since we had anything substantial," Darren said as he winked at me.