 It was late on a Friday and everyone had gone from the office. I had some paperwork to catch up on so I stayed behind, forgetting to lock the door. As I sat at the computer, doing the daily data entry, I heard the door open. I turned around to see who it was and a tall dark-haired man stood in the doorway. 

"Can I help you?" I asked.

"Well, yes, I'm lost and looking for the builder's supply store." he said, looking a little embarrassed.

"I know how you feel," I said "I'm new to town myself and it seems like I spend half my time looking at maps and struggling to figure out where I am." I smiled at him as I walked into the other room where he was standing.

He was good-looking, lean, with deep brown eyes. He smiled back. "The builder's supply place is right around the corner. When you go out of our driveway, make a hard left and go about two blocks. You can't miss it." I said, helpfully.

"Are you here all alone?" he asked, looking around.

I was wondering what to say. If I said I was here alone, who knew what could happen. Let's face it--I didn't know this guy from Adam. But he seemed OK, so I figured the truth was the best course of action. "Yes, I am." I replied. "I know I should have locked the door, but then you might never have walked in. You could have been wandering around looking for the builder’s supply place all night," I laughed.

He grinned at me then and I figured he was harmless enough. We introduced ourselves and chatted for a while. He looked at me very seriously and said "You know, someone as pretty as you shouldn't be in this neighborhood alone at night." 

"Well, I was just finishing up here. Why don't you go take care of whatever you have to do at the builder’s supply and we can go get something to eat. I hate eating alone and I'd like the company. There's place up the street that makes great chicken wings. Do you eat wings?" I asked

"I'd rather eat you." He said, with that same serious look. Then he was moving toward me. He wrapped his arms around me and we started kissing. His mouth was wonderful--so soft and warm. I'd been alone in a strange town for months and hadn't been with a man in a while. I kissed him back and his hands slid down my back to cup my ass, pulling me close to him. I could feel how hard he was through his jeans. I sat down on the edge of the table and he unbuttoned my blouse, then unhooked the front of my bra. He knelt in front of me and started licking my nipples, then sucking them into his mouth, gently at first, then harder. I ran my fingers through his dark hair, my head thrown back, totally lost in what he was doing to me. His tongue traced a path down my belly and he pulled me right to the edge of the table. He pushed my skirt up and pulled my white lace panties off in one smooth move. His breath was warm as he kissed the inside of my thighs, trailing his tongue along the sensitive skin there. God, it had been so long since I'd felt like this. I sighed as his tongue moved up, licking the lips of my wet pussy. He took my clit in his mouth and sucked it with just the softest, tiniest pressure. It felt amazing. His thumb slid along my slit, slipping inside just a fraction. I moaned and rocked against his hand and mouth. I knew it wasn't going to take much to put me over the edge. He worked his thumb into my slippery cunt and the tiny, gentle sucking on my clit became more intense. It started then, moving over me in waves. I came hard, pushing against him.

"Oh, my God." I said, catching my breath. "That was amazing. It's been a long time." I took his hand and pulled him to his feet, kissing him hard. I fumbled with his jeans and underwear, falling to my knees in front of him and pulling his cock free. It was so nice, not super long but long enough, and it was fat and hard, just the way I like them. I started slowly, looking up at him and watching his reaction as I licked the head and swirled my tongue around it. Then down along the shaft, licking and kissing it. I wet my lips and ran them up and down along the length of him. He had this wonderful look on his face of pure pleasure. Of all the things I like about sex--and there are plenty of them--I think my favorite is to be able to have a man completely in my power when his dick is in my mouth. He sighed and moaned and I think I heard an "Oh, God!" muttered under his breath as I started really working on him. The fact that his cock wasn't that long was great for me because I could suck it all. I held his cock at the base with one hand and scratched his balls lightly with the fingernails of my other hand, all the while moving his cock in and out of my mouth in a nice steady rhythm. His breathing got quicker so I gripped him a little tighter and sucked harder, taking as much of his nice, juicy cock as I could. I felt it then, my favorite part of giving head: the part where you can actually feel the come moving up toward the head. 

I sucked even harder and felt him flood my mouth. A little of his come leaked out of my mouth and trickled down to the hand that was at the base of his cock. I raised my hand to my mouth and licked his come off my fingers while he watched me with this wonderful expression of lust on his face. He pulled me to my feet and kissed me hard. "Damn, I need to get lost more often." he said, taking me by the hand. Come on--I'll buy you dinner."