 My latest fantasy starts with me lying on my bed naked with Daryl watching; my legs spread wide apart, my clit hard and throbbing in anticipation of his tongue and mouth. "God.... How long he will watch and keep me throbbing," I wondered.

"Please" I said in a quiet but desperate tone. 

He raised his eyebrows and asked, "Is this what you want?" and he moved his tongue slowly out of his mouth and licked his lips.

"Yes, yes" I said. I felt an electric buzz in my clit that spread warmth all around and in my pussy. I was so wet.

He knelt down in front of me. I spread my legs as wide as I could and began moving my clit towards him. 

"Oh no, not yet." 

I closed my eyes, waiting anxiously for the feel of his tongue on me. I felt his breath on my thigh followed by his lips. He kissed and licked my inner thigh slowly moving towards the lips of my vagina. He gave me one quick lick as his mouth moved from one thigh to the other. 

I grunted, needing, wanting more.

I felt his tongue once again quickly lick my pussy lips as he moved back to the other thigh. I wiggled my hips on the bed trying to get his mouth back to my lips, pussy or throbbing clit. 

He got up and moved up my body bringing his lips to mine. He kissed me wildly, his tongue moving deep into my mouth. I moaned deep in my throat, my hands moving up to his hair where I grabbed a handful in order to keep him there. 

I felt his hand move to my breast where he pinched and pulled on my nipples, first one, then the other.

Time stood still. I could barely breathe. I arched my back and my hips began to move on their own. I had no control anymore.

I let go of his hair and he pulled back looking into my eyes. "Please?" I whispered in a tortured shaky way.

He moved back down to the end of the bed and pushed my thighs wide apart. 

I was so wet and so ready for him. The anticipation was killing me... finally his mouth moved between my legs and I felt his tongue licking up my pussy juice as he spread my lips. Slowly he moved up to my clit. His tongue brushed just the tip of it lightly. 

I felt a rush of electricity through my body as my clit got harder. I was on the edge and he knew it. He teased me again... his tongue spreading my lips apart and then slowly moving up to give my clit a very quick, too-short lick.

I heard a high pitched noise come from my mouth as my hips moved and wiggled and thrust back and forth to try to maneuver his tongue to my clit.

He licked me again, a big slow lick all the way up my slit and then I felt his tongue on my-hard-as-a-rock clit. His tongue rubbed it back and forth slowly a few times before wrapping his lips around it and sucking. His warm mouth was too much.

Oh MY GOD... my clit pulsed and throbbed and I felt myself cumming and cumming and cumming and cumming. I screamed and grabbed his hair, pushing my hips up off the bed as I felt a warm rush of pussy juice flow out of my cunt, all over his face and chin. 

He eagerly licked up my juices as I slowly came back to earth, my mind incapable of thoughts, my whole body relaxed. I lay there with my eyes closed for what seemed like an hour, experiencing electric tremors and aftershocks causing me to moan. Pure bliss...