 I was running my hand softly over her back as we sat at the bar watching the game. She had on a nice semi sheer blouse but, to my chagrin, she choose to wear a bra that night.

The place wasn't very crowded, there were people sitting around the side of bar and some on each side of us. I guess most people stayed home because it was threating to storm out.

We had gone out to dinner earlier before we came to the bar to watch the game. We had finished a bottle of good wine with dinner and were feeling pretty mellow. 

As usual, she was talking to the other people who were watching the game about the ins and outs of the plays. We both enjoying a few more drinks as the night when on. Sometime during the evening the bar tender had turned down the lighting in the bar area. It was kind of romantic even if a football game was on.

By the end of the first quarter the score was tied with both teams having one touchdown and an extra point each. As the game progressed, she started to rub the inside of my thigh. She seemed not to even notice that she was doing it. I continued running my hand over her back. She said it felt wonderful and she slid her hand under my shorts pant leg and touched my cock. Of course my boy twitched and started to stand at attention. She moved her fingers up further until she started to caress the shaft of my now semi hard dick. She then wrapped her fingers around my shaft and ran her thumb over the head, giving me a rush of pleasure. She began stroking my cock with her fingers around me. I was really starting to enjoying this date night. 

Our team scored and she pulled her hand away and gave high fives to those around us. They missed the extra point and I missed her hand. The people in the bar were not happy. Our team kicked off and the special teams unit let them get to their forty-six yard line.

I said "They will fumble when they get to the red zone, so no worries."

Everyone looked at me like I was nuts.

"They don't ever do that." She tells me.

They worked the ball down the field. Our defense was getting pushed back again and again.

I said again "I bet they will fumble in the red zone."

She whispered to me. "If they do I'll take my bra off." Then she laughed.

I continued rubbing her back but with more enthusiasm.

Our defense keep getting beat. They were on our four yard line. The ball was hiked, we ran a blitz and there was fumble. We recovered the ball and ran it back for a touchdown. This time we made the extra point.

The bar went nuts. One of the guys sitting next to her bought our next round.

She went to the ladies room. She came back a little while later and slid onto her seat. Not only did she remove her bra but she undid an extra top button. As she slid into her seat I looked down the front her shirt and I could see her nipples. I loved how she looked. Even with the lights being dim, I could make out the shape of her breasts through her shirt and I couldn't help but notice her hard nipples. FUCKING HOT.

I love looking at her when she dresses like this. She doesn't understand it, but when she looks like this in public, it takes my breath away so why wouldn't I want her to dress like this?

Once the game started, her nipples softened and I'm sure I was the only one distracted by her sexy tits. Everyone else was watching the game.

I could see lighting off in the distance through the window and I was hoping the bar didn't lose power when BOOM, flash and the power went out. Everything went dark and quiet for a few seconds. The bar tender said the backup generator would kick in shortly and the big screen TV is on that line. The generator came on and a light in the hall turned on. He used the remote and turned on the TV. The game was still on.

"Cool, the cables not out." he said.

The only light we had was from the TV and the one light in the hall.

I said "Let's turn our chairs so we can watch the game."

We adjusted our bar stools and ended up sitting so that my legs were on each side of her and she was almost setting in my lap. I had one of my arms resting on the back of her seat.

The bar tender gave us a couple of bottles of beer and went to talk to the people at the end of the bar.

She leaned back against my chest and I moved my arm around her stomach. I took a chance and slid my hand up to the bottom of one of her breasts. She didn't stop me. I was surprised she didn't move my hand away. I guess she figured it was dark enough that no one would see what I was doing. I slowly moved my hand up to cup her breast. I was keeping my eye on the bar tender and saw that he was not going anywhere. I started the roll her nipple between my thumb and forefinger. I heard her moan softly. I pulled her nipple a few times. I moved my hand back to a point where I was just touching the bottom of her breast with my finger and thumb spread out.

Keeping my eye on the others, I moved my other hand over and slid it under her shirt. I moved my hand up and found her naked breast. This time she gasped. I moved my other hand back so I was playing with both her breasts. One through her shirt and the other one under her shirt. Her breath was getting heavy and I am positive her pussy was getting wet.

I noticed the bar tender starting to move, so I slid my hand out from under her shirt but I left wrapped it around her and on her lap. The other one I moved until it was once again left just touching the bottom of her tit.

The bar tender saw we did not need drinks so he went back to where he was.

I started to play with her tit again and her nipple got hard right away. With my right hand I slowly pulled her skirt up a bit and started to rub the inside of her thigh. I worked my hand towards her pussy and she opened her legs a little to help me get my fingers on her panties. This surprised me, she always told me that public sex was my thing and that she was not really into it. My next surprise was that she was not wearing any panties.

I moved my hand under her dress and found a clean shaved pussy waiting for me.

I run my thumb from the bottom of her pussy lips to the top and back down again a few times as I rolled her nipple between my forefinger and thumb. I felt her body shiver when I did this. I'm pretty sure she was losing track of the game by now. I worked her lips open and found her to be wet and hot. I rotated my thumb around inside her as deep as I could go. Her hips started to move with my motion.

I was keeping an eye on everyone in the bar while I was doing this, I didn't want any issues.

I pulled my thumb out of her now very wet pussy and found her clit between my finger and my thumb. I started to roll her clit with the same rhythm that I was using on her nipple. Her breath was increasing and she was quietly moaning. It didn't take long before I felt her start to tense up, it was like little earth quakes running up and down through her body. Her hips lifted off of the bar stool and she pushed her head back onto my chest. This lasted only a few moments and then she sighed and her hips dropped back down.

I removed my finger and thumb from her pussy and my hand from her nipple and gave her a hug.

We both turned at the same time a grabbed our beers and took a long drink.

She looked at me and said. "That was fantastic, it was like an explosion."

I gave her a kiss and we relaxed and finished watching the game.

I don't think she even remembers who won.