 I see you in the hotel lobby. You are looking absolutely gorgeous. You haven't seen me yet. I sneak around behind you, put my arm around your waist, spin you around and then kiss you. I feel you resist a little, and then melt into it as you realize it's me. Your lips taste so good, I love the way you feel pressed against me. I break the kiss and look in your eyes and tell you I have a night planned for you of dinner, dancing and whatever else you want. 

First I need you up in the room. I take your hand and lead you inside the lift and hold you close as we wait to arrive on our floor. I whisper in your ear, I tell you how beautiful you are. How I have thought about you all day and how I have wanted you even more since our last time together. The lift stops, I lead you to the room. I swipe my key and we go inside.

There are a dozen roses and a box of chocolates on the bedside table. I motion to them and I see you smile. You are even more beautiful when you smile. I start kissing you on the cheek down your neck, back up to your lips. I stop and look in your eyes. They are so beautiful. I could stare into them for days. Where I can usually see sweet innocence, now is replaced with desire.

You have me so hard, I need you now. I slowly caress your neck; I feel your skin flush. See a little redness appear on your cheeks, you look so adorable. I lean down; kiss you on your blushed cheeks. Place my hand on your shoulders and slide the straps of your dress down your arms. I start to remove my clothes and you do the same. 

We both stand there naked for a moment. The sight of you naked makes my already hard cock start to throb. I can see how wet your pussy is. I pull you in for another deep kiss. My hands cup your cute ass and squeeze. I can tell you like it as you giggle into our kiss.

I gently push you back on the bed. My mouth goes to your right breast. I softly kiss around the nipple. I can see it starting to get hard. I slowly put my mouth around it; give it a nice long, slow, suck. I start flicking it with my tongue as I feel it get harder and harder. I move over and do the same to your other nipple. I start to rub your clit as my mouth and tongue tease your nipples. I feel your pussy getting wetter, I start rubbing faster and faster. 

I put my face between your legs and I start licking your pussy; you taste sweet. My mouth moves to your clit I start flicking it with my tongue. I put a finger inside your pussy. You are so wet it slides in easily. I start fucking you with my finger. I want you to cum; want you to cum before I stick my cock in you. I have two fingers in you now going faster and harder. I feel your hands go to the back of my head as you start moaning louder. Your pussy tightens, your whole body tenses, you stop breathing for two heartbeats. You let out a loud breathy moan as your body releases and you cum on my fingers.

I give your pussy one last long lick, your whole body jumps with the aftershocks of your orgasm. I move up and give you a kiss. So you can taste your juices on my lips. You are smiling and panting, but I'm not done yet.

I tell you to get on your hands and knees as I get behind you. Your pussy is dripping now. My cock is rock hard and throbbing. I want you so bad; I put my cock against your pussy and slowly slide it in. I feel your body shudder, you are so close already. I spank your ass as I start to go in and out. You are already moaning and I go a little faster. 

I slide my hand between your ass cheeks and press my thumb against your tight little hole. I fuck you faster and harder as my thumb keeps pressure on your asshole. It goes inside you up to the knuckle. You gasp at the new sensation. I start sliding it in deeper and deeper. It is all the way in now. You start to moan louder.

I continue fucking you harder and faster. I feel your pussy tensing; you're going to cum again. You scream and your whole body shakes with pleasure as you cum all over my cock. I pull out of you and shoot my hot, sticky load all over your ass. 

We are both panting and tired as we lay on the bed. I lean over, kiss you and say. "We should probably clean up and get dressed if you want to make it to dinner. Or we could stay in the room and have some more fun. Your choice, after all it is your night and I want to please you."