 It's been a long week, but the week is finally coming to an end and at last Spring has arrived. The sun sets at 7PM now. Not as good as a late summer night, but hey at least there's no more 5PM sunsets and finally I can pull out the summer dresses from the back of the closet. We've been too busy as of late, but we finally found time to have another date night. I've been anticipating it all week. Even just thinking about it now as I wait for work to end, I can feel myself starting to get wet. "Stop," I say to myself. "Don't let these panties get sopping wet. There's still three more hours of work to go." 

The clock finally reaches 4PM and I grab my coat to head for the door, nearly forgetting my purse. I need to get ready fast. You'll be here in less than an hour. I've got the perfect short cut red lace dress and matching shoes set aside. I love this outfit. It highlights my hips and shows the perfect amount of cleavage. I always notice you stealing glances when I wear outfits that hug my breasts and outline their curvature. 

I quickly shower and do my hair and makeup. Ugh it's already 4:45. You'll be here in just a few minutes. Just as I slip on my dress I hear the doorbell ring. I rush down to greet you with a brief moment of nervousness as I open the door. Nervousness quickly fades to excitement as I see the beaming smile on your face. You step in quickly to avoid letting my cat out and then pull me in for a kiss while swinging the door closed behind you.

You kiss me deeply and then give me a long hug. As I pull away to run upstairs and grab my shoes you spin me back around and gently but firmly push me against the entry way. As you close the distance with a smirk on your face you kiss me again, this time reaching a hand for the hem of my red dress. You slowly pull it up, tracing your thumb along my thigh. I see your eyes widen slightly when you reach my inner thigh and you find smooth skin instead of the outline of the panties that you expected. 

This time it's my turn to smirk as I say, "I didn't think I'd need panties tonight. Don't want them getting in the way, ya know?"

"Of course," you respond.

I pull away more aggressively this time to go get my shoes, but you follow me up the stairs. Before I make it to my room you've got your hands on both of my hips. I playfully try to break away, but this time you're ready for my evasive moves and you keep both hands firmly grasped on my hips. I audibly chuckle as you spin me around again and forcefully hold me against your body as you bring your lips to my neck. I feel my legs quiver slightly as you plant kisses along my neck while simultaneously running your hands down my body. 

I can feel the bulge through your jeans and just as I reach for the buckle on your pants, we hear the front door swing open.

"Roommate's home," I whisper as I jump to quickly shut my bedroom door. 

"We should get going anyways," I explain in response to the clear look of disappointment on your face. "Besides, she's leaving for her boyfriend's tonight. The place will be all ours when we get back."

We find parking easily enough within a few blocks of the sushi restaurant downtown. When we arrive, the place is just opening for dinner and the hostess asks us where we'd like to sit. You pick a corner booth in the back and we both settle in on the same side of a table with an overflowing table cloth. There are exotic fish in a long aquarium tank in front of us, but you're focused on my braless breasts as you exclaim "Nice view in here." 

The waiter takes our drink order and before she's even made it all the way back to the bartender to give the order, you pull the red lace back and dart your hand under my dress, directly between my legs. You lean in and whisper, "I intend to finish what I started before being so rudely interrupted." I look into your unyielding eyes to find pure unbridled lust. 

I lean back slightly and open my legs. You trace your hands around my mound, not yet bringing a finger directly to pleasure me. As you start to playfully press your fingers around my mound I can feel juices begin to run down my leg. You notice my breath quickens as you run a finger down my slit. As your pace quickens I can feel myself getting close and my breasts start to heave slightly. 

Before I can get there the waitress returns suddenly with our drinks. I've never been so disappointed to see a martini. The cloth from the table prevents the waitress from getting a view, but you start to pull your hand away as she asks if we are ready to order. I pull your hand back and quickly tell her, "No sorry we're not ready please give us a couple minutes."

"Hey I was ready to order!" you jokingly tease me as the waitress turns to leave.

"Make me cum." I whisper in your ear.

"Excuse me? What do you say?" you quip with a coy smile on your face.

"Please. Please make me cum." I plead.

Your hand presses down firmly on my mound and within moments my hips involuntarily writhe as waves of pleasure convulse through my body. 

I glance around the restaurant as I regain my wits to make sure no one is paying attention to us. Only a few patrons have entered since we arrived; and they're all wrapped up in their own conversations. I smirk as I think about what just took place so close to them without their knowledge. We order our food and spend the rest of the meal bantering and enjoying one another's company. Before we know it, 7PM has arrived and the sun has set.

As we're walking back, we pass between two buildings with a dimly lit path in between that leads directly to the parking lot with your truck in it. "Come on you say," as you grab my hand and lead me through. "This way will be faster." But as soon as we're halfway down the length of the building, you turn me and pin both of my hands above my head against the brick wall with one hand. You aggressively kiss me as you unbuckle your pants with your free hand.

I moan slightly and press myself against you as your tongue slips into my mouth. I pull my hands down and tuck them on the inside of your jeans to press you harder against me.

I reach in and wrap my fingers around your rock hard cock. "You've been keeping me hard far too long," you say as I start to stroke my hand up and down your shaft.

A minute later we hear what appears to be teenagers walking down the street towards us. We exchange looks of irritation and then quickly make ourselves proper. We hop into your truck and head straight back to the house.

You've barely stepped through the door and I reach over to unzip your pants. I pull down your jeans just enough for your dick to spring out and I immediately drop to my knees. From this angle you can see my cleavage easily. With no delay I wrap my lips around you and begin to run my tongue over the head of your cock. I love the feeling of your cock in my mouth. You reach around and grab the back of my head and then slowly start to move your hips forward, fucking my mouth. I use the opportunity to reach down under my dress and start touching myself. 

The combination of having your cock sliding in and out of my mouth and my fingers running over my clit is too much for me. I cum. Hard. My hands return to you...gently squeezing your balls as you continue to fuck my mouth. 

I get up and start to make my way upstairs, but you pull me towards the couch and bend me over on it. You don't even bother to take my dress off. You pull the skirt up and quickly bring the head of your cock to the entrance of my pussy. You grab your cock and run the shaft along my slit, slathering it in all of my juices. I beg you to fuck me. I hear you moan as your head pushes past my lips and you plunge into me. I eagerly meet each thrust. As I rotate my hips in I can feel you gliding past the perfect spot. I warn you that I'm going to cum again. You dig your fingers in tighter and continue to thrust, giving me yet another orgasm.

I turn around and run my tongue along your shaft to taste myself on your dick and then kiss you deeply. I push you so that you fall back onto the couch and then I climb on top with my back facing towards you. You gently guide me onto you. I start to gyrate my hips up and down. Each time I move down my clit rubs directly onto you, sending waves of pleasure through me. 

As you start to get close you grab my hips and push me down on you harder, forcing my pussy to slam down onto you. The sound of you slapping against me fills the air. "I want you to fill my pussy with your cum," I moan. You thrust again and with a loud grunt I feel your body shake as you release a hot load of cum inside me.

I slow down my pace, stop, and turn, smiling, to see your exasperated face. 

"This was a great date," I say as I climb off of you and we walk up the stairs to my room.

"Huh?" you say as you close my bedroom door. "We're just getting started."