 It was the 2nd Wednesday of the month which can only mean one thing...it's our "date night". After 17 years of marriage its fair to say that things had become stale. Actually things were stale 10 years ago and despite many attempts to bring a little spontaneity into our lives, I've resigned myself to being married to my companion rather than my lover. Claire no longer has any interest in having sex with me. I have no reason to think she's cheating on me but despite my best efforts there is no longer any kind of sexual spark between us. Even in the early years of our relationship I always had a much higher sex drive and whilst the real thing has disappeared from my life, I still use a daily ritual of the internet and masturbation to prevent me from imploding of sexual frustration. The most physical contact we have these days is a peck on the lips when I'm on my way out of the door each day. Notwithstanding the occasional row about something trivial, we still get along well most of the time but we've kind of said everything there is to say to each other and will often sit in silence for an entire evening watching the TV. 

The date night was our latest attempt at doing something a bit different every few weeks. Truth is even this had become routine. The same night of the month, the same restaurant, very often the same food! The restaurant was a stylish, intimate Italian place in town. Our starter had come and gone and we were waiting for our main course. As usual we were sat opposite each other in silence looking around the restaurant for some material to start a conversation about when I noticed another couple sat across the other side of the room, slightly to the right and behind where Claire was sat.

He was completely immersed on his phone and she was looking around, occasionally glancing over in my direction. Their body language suggested that they were in the aftermath of an argument and as a result neither really wanted to be there. She was very attractive, in her mid thirties with shoulder length brown hair. She was wearing a low cut black dress which accentuated her very fine breasts and long split at the side showed a long, shapely and very sexy leg.

I must have been lost in my thoughts staring at my fellow diner across the room as a few seconds later when my self awareness returned, she was looking directly at me with a devilish smile on her face. I sort of jumped with surprise and tried to discreetly return my attention to my wife before I was caught out. Luckily Claire hadn't noticed but every time I glanced across to the other table, she caught my eye.

Out of nowhere our main course arrived diverted my attention for a short time until I noticed the sexy stranger get to her feet and walk in our direction. As she approached from behind Claire she made lingering eye contact with me and bit her bottom lip walk past our table. She disappeared around the corner towards the toilets and in a real "now or never" moment, I also got to my feet and made my excuses to visit the little boys room. As I turned the corner I was faced with the open door of the large disabled toilet directly in front of me with a very sexy woman stood in the doorway, seemingly expecting me.

I walked directly at her and with our faces not more than 3 inches apart, I put my hands on her shoulders and guided her backwards into the toilet cubicle locking to door behind us. I took a few more steps until she was pushed against the wall between the hand basin and the toilet. She was tall, a similar height to me, and she was unable to move forwards or backwards. I placed my hands on her hips and we kissed. I manouvered my right leg between hers pressing my thigh firmly between her legs as our tongues fought for territory inside our locked mouths. Our hands roamed urgently over each others body, groping and caressing each other in a frenzy. Without a word I dropped to my knees in front of her and pulled up her dress to expose her black lacy underwear. My mouth locked over her panty covered mound, enthusiastically eating and sucking at her. She let out a deep throaty moan as she grabbed two fist fulls of my hair and pulled my head hard against her pussy, grinding it against my mouth. 

I lifted her left leg up on to the edge of the wash basin and pulled her panties to one side revealing her swollen shaved pussy lips to me for the first time. With her legs now spread I had full access to her hot slit and as I lapped I savoured the intoxicating taste. This girl was wet. So wet her sweet juice was spread all over my nose and chin. My tongue found her engorged clit which I pursed my lips against and sucked hard. She groaned and pulled my face against her once more as her hips start to buck against me. As she built a steady rhythm I could taste her love juice running from her hole. With an explosion of lust and a stiffled scream she came hard against my face, her legs quivering as her body shook uncontrollably. 

Before getting to my feet I hooked my thumbs in the waistband of her soaked panties and slid them down her long legs. I stood up and we faced each other once again. She used her soft tongue to trace a path along my lips and jaw line, licking the juices of her own pussy from my face. I put my hands on her shoulders and turned her around to face away from me. She ground her sexy ass back against my bulging cock which was still a prisioner inside my jeans. I caressed her large breasts, pinching and twisting her nipples through the fabric of her dress. I motioned to her to bend forward at the waist and lean forward against the wall. I had noticed a large floor length mirror on the wall to our left and I admired the image as I lifted her dress exposing her pert ass. I undid my trousers and my hard cock sprang free. Without hesitation I positioned the swollen head between her waiting pussy lips and slid it in as far as my length would allow. I placed my hands on her shoulders and began to thrust in and out of her with the urgency that the situation demanded. I fucked her juicy cunt hard and fast. Her large tits had fallen from her dress and were violently swinging with every thrust. The image of me pounding this filthy slutty stranger who I'd never even spoken to in a restaurant toilet was enough to make me cum hard, deep into her wet hole. I could see my cock sliding in and out glistening in the light, covered in a mixture of our cum. 

I pulled my cock from her pussy, spun her around and guided her onto her knees. She opened her mouth and I slid my cock in, her soft tongue flicking around my sensitive head, licking it clean and enjoying the taste of every drop of our combined juices. She got to her feet and her dress fell down into position. She rearranged her breasts back into her dress and picked her panties up from the floor. She didn't put them back on, instead she put them in her hand bag and left the toilet, looking back with a smile as she walked through the door. I dressed myself and returned to my table. 

Claire made some comment that she thought I had got locked in the toilet cubicle. I laughed it off and continued to enjoy the remainder of my food. Shortly afterwards I saw my restaurant lover and her other half get up and leave. She glanced in my direction on the way past our table and I could imagine my cum seeping from her uncovered pussy and running down the inside of her thigh as she walked across the room towards the door.