 It took me a while to summon up the courage to ask out Karen. We worked on the same building but not for the same company. We got chatting one day during a fire alarm and I knew straight away that I fancied her, but I didn't get the chance to ask her on a date for two more weeks. She said yes straight away. 

"Book a restaurant table for two. Somewhere nice. Impress me! And pick me up at seven, okay? Till Friday." 

She had lots of wavy blonde hair, a full curvy figure and full lips on which she wore bright red lipstick.

So on our first date, I went to her flat to pick her up and she invited me. She looked lovely - a summer dress and sandals, and ready to head on out. But that's not how things turned out. 

"Stand there, shut your eyes and don't try to stop me", she ordered me. 

"Stop you doing what?"

My question was answered very quickly. Within a few seconds she was on her knees in front of me unzipping my trousers, and easing my cock out of my underwear. She stroked it with one hand and tickled my balls with the other. Pretty rapidly it stiffened up, she gently pulled back my foreskin and slid her lips over the tip. It was heavenly. 

"Is your flatmate away at the moment?" I enquired, knowing that she didn't live alone. 

"Gone for the weekend", she murmured, between sucks.

Of course I had wondered how well things might go in a first date. But my usual maxim was not to expect too much and not be disappointed. We were both unattached and early twenties and both had our needs ... but this was way more than I'd ever expected.  

She sucked me hard and fast, wanting me to come quickly and with that sort of onslaught I wasn't going to last long. 

"I'm going to come very soon", I warned her but she didn't seem to care. She didn't change speed at all and a few seconds later I was spurting my come into her mouth. After three good shots, I subsided, but Karen still didn't let up, giving me a few more sucks to clean me up. 

"Mmmm, yummy. I like how you taste. Let's go, I'm hungry for food now."

I was still a bit stunned at the way this date was going. Karen tried to reassure me. 

"Hey, it's okay. Don't be surprised. I know what I want and I don't see any point in messing around. I want you to treat me the same way. Be straight with me; tell me what you want, don't be shy. I'm unshockable! Okay? Now take me to dinner and let's get to know each other a bit better."

We had a lovely meal; I'd chosen well and the food was delicious. We chatted throughout the meal and talked over a whole range of things - family, jobs, friends, aspirations, ambitions, dreams. 

Karen had a couple of glasses of wine and, as I was driving, I had soda water. We didn't talk about sex at all though, as if nothing had happened. 

"I'll pay", Karen said. "You drove, so it's only fair. And don't give me any male duty crap or about going Dutch. I earn enough and it's nice to spend it on someone I like."

On the way home though, it was very different. She was very determined to turn me on and succeeded easily. 

"You know why I brought you in earlier and sucked you off?"

"Well I guess you just wanted to. And no guy is going to stop you!"

"A little of that ... I did want to yes, it's been a little while since I've had a nice cock in my mouth. But David, the main reason was to relax you. I didn't want you to spend the whole evening wondering of you're going to have sex at the end of the evening. I wanted you to relax cos you were sure. I mean a girl doesn't give you a blowjob at the start of the evening and then say 'oh thanks for a nice meal, goodnight!', no, she was just giving you a taster of what going to happen later. And anyway, I really do love sucking cock. You're going to have to get used to that if we're going to last any time at all. I know it's tough but that's how it is. Sometimes I just want to suck your cock. Like now for instance."

Karen had been talking for a little while and I was really getting turned on now. My new date, maybe my new girlfriend loved giving blowjobs? No wonder I was stiff and having to concentrate really hard on driving. 

"David you're not saying much ... I hope I'm not coming on too strong, am I?"

I paused, trying to say the right thing, trying not to say the wrong thing. 

"Karen, you are really turning me on. I'm glad we're nearly home because I'm struggling to concentrate on my driving. You're not putting me off at all, quite the opposite. But it's all very well talking about what you'd like to do to me, but I have my tastes too."

"Oh yeah?", she teased. "Are you saying that there's something you like doing more than I like sucking your cock? I'm struggling to believe that!"

I just smiled at her. 

"We'll see... here we are at your place. I hope I'm not being too presumptuous in inviting myself in?"

"God you'd better come in. I'm so horny now, I want you again so badly. You're not getting any coffee by the way, only sex. I hope that's okay?"

"I suppose so, but I do like coffee..."

A very short while later we were inside Karen's flat. We'd kicked off our shoes by the door and then almost immediately, she had my jacket and shirt off, kissing me passionately the whole time. Then she went down onto her knees and finished undressing me, releasing my belt and dropping my jeans and underwear to the floor. My cock was so stiff and she engulfed the tip hungrily.  She sucked hard a few times, getting the shaft really wet and then took it out of her mouth. With one hand she played with my balls and with the other stroked the shaft and slowly pulled my foreskin back and forth. I love that so much. 

"I'm going to make you come, you know. I don't want you to hold back. I like a man to come when he wants to, then I'll get him hard again. I know you haven't been drinking so I'm sure you can manage more than once. And if you can't then, well, ... "

"No pressure, then?" I asked. "It's never been a problem before and I can't possibly think of a reason why it would ever be a problem with you."

Karen managed to splutter out "Good" before stuffing my cock back into her mouth. As well as sucking the head of my cock, she was sliding one hand up and down my shaft and with the other hand tickling and fondling my balls. It was heavenly, absolute bliss. The only problem was that it was going to end soon. Very soon. 

Sensing my approaching orgasm, Karen paused from sucking me to say "Don't tell me when you're going to come! Surprise me!"

After that she sucked even harder and faster than before and try as I might I couldn't hold back any longer. I spurted two big shots into her mouth and followed with two smaller ones. 

To my amazement, she swallowed the lot and licked her lips afterwards. "Delicious!" Karen declared. "I can't wait for some more later. I am assuming there'll be more?" she enquired. 

"Oh God yes! I'm getting stiff already. But you're not getting any more cock yet."

At this stage, I was completely naked, my cock semi hard. But Karen was still clothed and I wanted to get her undressed. I lifted up her dress to reveal, well, very little. She was only wearing a lacy bra and her strappy sandals. I threw the dress to one side and half-led, half dragged her over to the armchair. I pushed her backwards and she was smiling the whole time, knowing what was coming. I parted her legs, putting one out on each arm of the chair and I had my first chance to look at her pussy. 

It was mouthwatering, just beautiful. Her hair was neatly trimmed into a little tuft just above. And her pussy lips themselves where just there for me, asking to be licked. Her little button just stuck out enough to see it, to want it between my teeth. 

"Well for fuck's sake don't just gaze at it, lick it!", she exclaimed. 

I loved the way she told me what she wanted. It really turned me on, in fact. I like it when a woman talks dirty to me. I went down on her in a flash and was running my tongue up and down her pussy lips straight away. I used my thumbs to spread her out and really got down to it. The flat of my tongue was pressing hard against her pussy which she loved. She was very encouraging - telling me not to stop, that it was just great, and it was making her really wet. Finally it got too much for her. She held my head in her hands and, reluctantly for both of us, pulled me away from her delicious pussy. 

"David, I need to fuck now. I've been thinking about it all evening and it's about time I had your lovely cock inside me. Right here will do nicely."

Since I was already naked and very stiff, it was very easy to kneel up and slide straight in. She felt perfect! Wet from my licking and tight too. 

"Ooh yes, that feels so good in there!" Karen exclaimed. "Don't hold back - give it to me good and hard."

I was giving her my best but it wasn't easy because my knees were moving about on the carpet. 

"You want it harder? Come with me."

"I'll take it any way you like. So long as you're inside me", Karen told in an uncharacteristically compliant voice. 

I led her by the hand to the table and sat her on the edge, with her legs over the edge. Again I was in her in an instant and back to sliding deliciously in and out. 

"Oh, that's even better", she whispered, as I built up speed. I was starting to sweat now. Our foreheads were touching, Karen's hands were on my shoulders and mine were cupping her cute buttocks to stop her moving away as I thrust in. 

"Can you go any faster?" she asked cheekily. 

"You want faster?" I panted. I stopped for a moment, deep inside her. 

"Karen, there are two higher speeds and you're going to get both. But after that I really will be exhausted. So you choose... slower and last longer and maybe manage more or unbelievably hard and fast now."

"You know me well enough. I want your best shot right now. We can recover later. Now how are you going to have me?"

I didn't answer, I just pushed her gently backwards and lifted her ankles onto my shoulders, my cock staying stiff inside her the whole time. I gripped her thighs tightly to me and got going again. It really felt amazing, I don't think I had ever enjoyed sex with someone as much before, never felt so lost inside someone or in the moment. Karen looked pretty lost in it too - her head was back and to one side, her eyes were closed and she was mumbling something unintelligible. 

I didn't very the pace very much, but just gave it my all, feeling her tight buttocks push against my thighs on the way in and her heels on my shoulders on the way out. I don't know how long this lasted but Karen's mumbling became briefly coherent. 

"For Christ's sake fuck me, David. Fuck me harder, just don't fucking stop, harder, please. You said you had another speed, give it to me. I don't care how you do it, but for fuck's sake do it now."

I abruptly pulled out and gave her a hand off the table. I led her over to the back of the sofa. Initially she faced me, but I span her round and pushed her down. It was not very dignified for her but at the time neither of us seemed to notice. Her legs were slightly apart, her buttocks pointing skywards and her pussy was utterly exposed. I ran my finger up and down her pussy lips and she moaned slightly. I pushed my finger into her and at first she moaned a little more. But a few finger fucks she was never going to satisfy her. 

"Cock, cock! I need your cock not your finger." Her voice was muffled by the sofa but still very insistent. She did pay for dinner after all, I thought. 

I pulled my finger out (literally) and slid my cock back inside her instead. I had been fairly close to coming when we had been doing it on the table and I thought the brief pause might have given me an extended lease of life as it were. But the angle of penetration, her tightness, the way the head of my cock rubbed against her pussy walls, the way she seemed to be squeezing me and above how turned on we both were meant that it was never going to last very long. But with Karen, as I learnt later on when our relationship developed, it was all about the moment and enjoying the here and now. And you can always do it again later. So I fucked as hard as I could. I banged her ruthlessly, my whole body behind my thrusts. I grabbed the sofa this time and forced her repeatedly against it, driving my stiff cock deep inside her. I can't tell you what she was saying. I know it was something, but it was lost in the moment. If sex on the table had been the most pleasure, this was undoubtedly the most powerful. When my orgasm arrived I didn't stop immediately, but gradually slowed up after the last spurt, until I was too soft to have much effect. 

I walked round and collapsed on the sofa, but Karen had barely moved. Eventually she lifted herself up, and she too walked round and snuggled up next to me. 

"David, that was amazing. I'm aching from it, inside and out. My legs feel like they've taken a real hammering and I'm on fire inside."

"It's never happened like that with me before. I've never felt like that with anyone."

Karen had recovered enough to rediscover her sense of humour. 

"You know, I could do with once more... could you manage that?"

I didn't reply straight away, I was too exhausted. 

"Maybe in the morning...", I told her before we both dozed off.