 Authors Note: This is the first of the stories I wrote with Summer as the main character although it's the second one I've published here (see "The Shower"). I'd love to know what you think and if you are interested in following her sexual exploits give me a follow.

*************************

Summer and I go way back. Way back if you count my teenage fantasies that is. She was a freshman cheerleader when I was a senior at Armstrong High, and I can't tell you how many times I got taken down during wrestling matches because I was watching her instead of the guy I was wrestling. Sadly, that all came to an end once I graduated and moved away to college. I hadn't seen her in about nine years and had pretty much forgotten about her when out of the blue I bumped into her at Starbucks a couple months ago.

Since then we've gone out on dates a dozen times and fucked like bunnies the last couple weeks. Hell, she's even got a key to my place, but tonight, tonight I want to be memorable, so I've rented a limo and got reservations at the best Italian joint and the hottest dance club in the city. Tonight, I'm going all out to show Summer the best time of her young life.

Now saying that Summer is beautiful is an understatement along the same lines as saying a Ferrari is fast or that Antarctica is cold. Looking at her it is easy to fixate on her perfect breasts, or her graceful curves, or her amazing ass, but while all of those are spectacular it's her infectious laugh and sparkling green eyes that take my breath away. Earlier today I called her and told her to wear "the" dress, and now here she is in the hottest little black dress known to man.

It's a strappy little number that hugs her curves like it was painted on and stops abruptly at mid-thigh revealing those long luscious legs that have been known to stop men dead in their tracks. As I walked up to her, I noticed a flash of light at the junction of her elegant neck and the graceful curve of her collarbone. When I was closer, I could see a small emerald pendant nestled there sparkling fiercely. Beautiful sandy blonde hair framed her face, and I could see the tip of her bubble gum colored tongue curl playfully upwards caressing her upper lip as she smiled at me. It was then that I realized that my plan was going to be harder to pull off than I anticipated.

I reached out my hand as I got close to her and she responded by grasping it as she pulled me into a passionate embrace. "You look good in a tux" she whispered into my ear as she kissed my cheek.

"Thanks," I said and kissed her soft cheek in return. "You're so beautiful, you take my breath away," I whispered. Then I pulled her even tighter to me and planted little kisses on her delicate neck right beneath her ear. She responded by trying to push me away while giggling a soft girlish giggle.

"That tickles mister," she said and continued "we can stay in tonight and curl up in bed if you want?"

"That would be epic, but I promised you a special night out, and I am going to deliver on my promise," I told her taking a step back so I could take her by the hand and lead her out the door.

Stopping just shy of the door I turned to face her once again and staring into her dreamy eyes I said: "Give me your panties!"

"What makes you think I'm wearing panties?" she said with a Cheshire grin spreading across her face.

"Come on, give em up," I said staring her down, knowing that she was beginning to wonder what I had in store for tonight. As she wiggled out of her red lacy panties, I was struck once again by how gorgeous she was and had to admit, at that very moment had she asked me again if I wanted to stay in tonight, I would not have had the willpower to say no.

Waiting for us at the curb was a long black limo that I had hired for the night, and I could tell that she liked the idea of riding in the back while someone else drove us around.

"Get in beautiful" I whispered in her ear as we got to the rear of the car and she gave me a look as though to say that she knew that I was up to something which of course I was. The inside of the limo was immaculate and spacious, and I wasted no time before reaching over to her and pulling her close for a kiss. Her lips were as soft as rose petals, and she tasted like an exotic fruit, ripe and juicy and tangy sweet.

I drank deeply from her lips and was intoxicated by the taste of her, but if I was going to succeed in my plans for the evening, I would need to keep my wits and more importantly my willpower in check. As I removed my lips from hers and pulled back, I watched her face as her eyes fluttered open and she looked at me with lustful abandon.

"Pull your dress up, I want to taste you!" I said staring into her emerald green eyes. She complied without hesitation, and as I took my place between her creamy thighs, she leaned back and closed her eyes. I parted her legs and planted brief kisses on her inner thighs as I worked my way closer to her sex and was taken aback by how beautiful her love nest is. Squeaky clean and as naked as the day she was born, her pussy is like a beautiful pink flower beckoning me to consume its sweet nectar. Her engorged little clit was nestled all snug at the top of the slender outline of her moist vagina just begging to be kissed and sucked by my eager mouth.

As I pressed her thighs open, her petals spread to expose her stiff little pleasure bud, so I tweaked it with my pointy tongue drawing a shudder, and a gasp from her pouty lips. Over and over again I lashed out at her engorged bud, bathing it with a mixture of my saliva and her sweet nectar.

Her chest heaved, and she sighed as I alternated from licking and sucking on her sensitive little clit to probing her musky cave with my thick tongue. Her fingers entwined in my hair, she pulled my face forcefully to her quivering sex as she cried out, but before she could reach the peak of her passion, I backed off and resorted to planting playful little kisses on her milky white thighs. I could tell by the look in her eyes that she was close to cumming and it was hard for me to deny her that release, but the night was still young, and I still had an agenda at hand.

I kissed her gently on the neck as I told her how delicious she was and how I was looking forward to finishing what I had started later this evening. She grabbed me by the cheeks and guiding my face to her's she kissed me deeply probing my mouth with her slender tongue. "You're right," she said in a breathless whisper, "I do taste good!" Just as we were regaining our composure in the back seat, the driver keyed his mic and announced that we were almost to the restaurant, but her tangy sweet aroma was still in the air and acted as an aphrodisiac reminding us both that more passionate adventures awaited us.

The restaurant was a swanky Italian joint that was well known as a place to be seen. It was crowded and bustling with couples talking in hushed tones to one another in plush booths lining the walls. I noticed more than one couple look up from their conversation as we were escorted back to one of the dimly lit booths and could only guess at the thoughts going through the minds of the guys as Summer sauntered in front of me, the absolute vision of perfection in her little black dress.

It was times like these that I was reminded of just how blessed I was to be with Summer and how much I loved her.

The food was outstanding, and the flavors of the various sauces were almost as erotic as the sex we had on the way to the restaurant, so by the time that dessert was served, we were both longing to sample one another again. 

Summer excused herself to go to the bathroom, and I figured that it was time for the next phase of my plan. After I paid the check and gave our waiter a nice tip, I headed back to where the restrooms were. I easily found the women's room, and after hanging by the door for a couple minutes, I braved an entrance.

No one was standing by the sinks when I barged in, and I recognized Summer's gorgeous legs under the first stall so waiting until she opened the door, I pressed my way in forcing her back along with me. "What..." was all she could manage before I clasped my hand over her mouth. As she stared back at me, apprehension was quickly replaced by excitement, and I replaced my hand with my mouth as I kissed her and pressed my tongue past her soft lips and into her warm and inviting mouth.

As I pulled back, I whispered, "I have a special dessert for you," and I reached down and unzipped my fly. Summer smiled a knowing smile and reached inside my slacks grasping my thickening cock with her cool fingers. She dropped to sit on the toilet as she pulled my hard-on out into the open. "Mmmmm..." she murmured as she kissed the purplish head of my stiff prick and I could barely contain myself as she drew my cock into her hot mouth. She closed her eyes as she concentrated on sucking me off and she worked on my cock with vigor. So much vigor as a matter of fact that I was sure that they could hear us outside in the dining room.

I was doing my best to keep my mouth shut as she slurped my dick but then she took my entire length deep into her throat, and I found myself grunting out loud. The sensation of her burning hot mouth swallowing my rock-hard manhood was more than I could take and I began to thrust my hips and drive my dick deeper into her sweet mouth. Undaunted she grabbed my hips and pulled me tight to her face.

"Unghhh..." I grunted and squeezed my eyes tight as I picked up the tempo and fucked her ravenous mouth with abandon. As the pressure of my pending orgasm approached like a thunderstorm on the horizon, I managed to grunt out that I was on the verge of cumming and once again she pulled me close and swallowed my thickness whole. 

I couldn't hold back any longer and sensing my tensing body she backed off of my cock leaving just the head in her mouth while she chewed and sucked me with ferocity. My orgasm was intense, and as I spasmed spilling my liquid hot seed into her mouth, she cast her eyes upwards looking into my eyes as she continued to savor my cock.

When my hard-on was spent, she let it slip from her luscious lips and rose and leaned in to bite me on the earlobe as she uttered "You taste delicious!" a statement that I had made a scant few hours ago in the back of the limo. She reached down and folding my still thick cock back into my pants, zipped me back up. Now that I was coming back to earth, I realized that voices were coming from the area where the sinks were located and wondered how we were going to get out of the restroom unnoticed.

I didn't have long to ponder the situation because Summer unlatched the door behind me, and we tumbled out of the stall and into sight of the other women. They stopped their conversations and turned to look at Summer and me. I began to say something but Summer with a smug look on her face grabbed me by the hand led me quickly out the door tossing a glib "Goodnight girls" over her shoulder as we exited the room.

Once out in the hustle and bustle of the busy dining room, she stopped and kissed me full on the lips staring me straight in the eyes and said, "I have to give this place five stars for its deserts.". And with that, we left the restaurant and headed out to find the limo that would transport us to the next stop on our erotic adventure.

I'm not sure if the limo driver knew we would be leaving the restaurant when we did or if he simply waited at the entrance the whole time, we were gone. Either way, it was very cool to walk out of the Italian joint, past the curious stares from onlookers wondering who the limo belonged to and into the back seat. We collapsed into the dark leather interior of the limo and fell into a passionate embrace our blood obviously still running hot. As we broke apart, I opened the mini-fridge and pulled a bottle of chilled champagne from it. I filled the delicate long-stemmed glasses with the golden liquid, and I was once again awestruck by Summer's beauty.

Her perfect skin and dreamy eyes glowed in the dimly lit interior of the posh limo, and I had to smile. I handed her a glass of champagne and raised mine as I offered a toast "To passionate adventures with the one you love!"

"To passionate adventures..." she echoed, and we touched glasses, the crystalline "tink" of the contact ringing in our ears as the golden liquid spilled down our throats igniting flames en route. After another glass or two of the liquid fire I was feeling fine with a capital "F" and had the impression that Summer was feeling no pain either, so I moved to the seat opposite her and took the special toy I was hiding in my pocket out for her to see.

Dangling from my hand suspended in front of Summer were two golden metallic balls attached to one another by a thin cord of silk. The balls were slightly smaller than golf balls, and the surface was engraved with markings like runes making them glimmer in the light of the limo's interior. A two-inch loop of the same cord that attached the balls together was looped around my index finger, and the balls swayed back and forth as the limo sped on its way to the dance club we were heading to.

"What are you going to do, hypnotize me?" she said with a playful smirk as she stared at them dangling from my outstretched hand.

"No, I have something much better in mind, something that you will enjoy immensely, I promise you," I said in return. "Now pull up your dress!" I demanded. Her smirk changed into a question mark as her eyebrows furrowed and her head tilted slightly to one side, but she did as I asked and again, I was awestruck by how perfect her long legs were.

I popped both of the balls into my mouth as I dropped to my knees and spread her knees apart so that I was once again facing her beautiful little pussy. A look of excitement crossed her extraordinary features, and she reclined in her seat as she gave herself to me fully. I slowly pulled the balls out of my mouth. They were glistening with my thick saliva as I moved to press the first one of them against the petals of her exposed sex.

I rubbed the golden ball up and down the length of her outer lips stopping to rub little circles around her stiffening clit which drew a soft moan from her lips. As I reached the southernmost extreme of her pink slit, I paused and pushed a little harder forcing the golden orb to stretch the opening of her vagina until it was finally swallowed whole. Her groan was a testament to the fact that it had the desired effect and I pushed the second golden orb into her musky cave as well.

Staring into her glistening sex, I couldn't help but to kiss it and run my tongue the length of her opening pausing to suck and nibble on her throbbing clit. She moaned loudly gyrating her hips, pressing them hard against my slurping mouth but I knew that going much further now would spoil my master plan, so I leaned back and straightened her dress again. Licking my lips and savoring the taste of her I sat back in my seat.

"Do you like them?" I asked knowing full well by the look in her eyes that she did.

"Oh my god! The feeling is incredible!" she said within a husky, breathless voice.

"Good, but here is the deal, only I can remove the balls. Okay?" I said looking deeply into her eyes.

"What makes you think that I'll let you?" she returned with a wry smile painted on her face. "You are awfully sure of yourself, aren't you?" she continued. "I might meet some stud out there on the dance floor that I would rather fuck or better yet maybe some chick who'll suck them right out of my dripping wet snatch!". Her face was still signaling that she was fucking with me and knowing how turned on I get when she talks dirty, she was definitely looking for a reaction, but in spite of my thickening erection, I played it nonchalant.

"Ok don't pout if I find someone to pry my dripping pussy open and fuck me with their probing fingers and stiff tongue, I'll let you watch!" she said in her snottiest little stuck up cheerleader voice still looking to get a rise out of me.

"No problem sweetheart" I replied, "as long as I get to watch and perhaps take a video cause you are so smoking hot when you get your pussy eaten," and with that, I leaned in and kissed her deeply, pressing my tongue into her hot wet mouth.

Once again, the driver keyed his mic and told us that we were approaching DJ's, the club where we would be hanging out for the next few hours. As the limo stopped and we prepared to exit Summer pulled me close and said that she was worried about the balls falling out while we were in the club and I had to assure her that as tight as her sweet little pussy was that they weren't going any place unless we wanted them too.

"Relax and enjoy the sensation," I said to her, and I smiled as the driver reached in to offer her a hand out of the back of the limo. It was scarcely 9:00, and already there was a line to get into D's, but I had made arrangements so as I grabbed her by the hand I headed straight for the door. Once there I handed the doorman my card and a $100 bill, and with a toothy grin, he passed us right in.

The beat of dance music came throbbing like a giant's heartbeat as soon as we were inside and even though it was dark outside, we still had to give our eyes a minute to adjust to the dimly lit interior of the club. Just off to the right of us was a bar awash in bright light coming from all of the various liquor bottles arranged on backlit glass shelves and next to it was the stairway leading to the upstairs dance floors where the dance beats got even funkier as expressed by the best DJ's on the east coast.

As our eyes finally adjusted, we headed towards the nearest bar and asked for a couple glasses of champagne. There were lots of people milling about the bar, but in spite of them, the club didn't feel crowded, instead, it still felt intimate. The champagne was cold but not nearly the same quality as the bottle in the limo, so we downed it and asked the bartender for a taste of the "good stuff." He found us a delicious bottle of Cristal for a couple hundred bucks and after filling our glasses stashed the bottle in an ice bucket to keep it cold for us.

With that out of the way and the throbbing sound of the music calling out my name, I grabbed Summer by the waist and kissing her on the neck I told her that I wanted to party on the dance floor. She giggled in delight or perhaps because I was nibbling on her sensitive earlobes, but nonetheless, we headed out to dance. As she and I gyrated to the sound of heavy bass lines and staccato lyrics I was once again struck by how gorgeous she is. Her sweet strawberry lips were perfectly shaped and glistened in the flashing lights. As she danced to the music her perky little breasts moved in rhythm to the beat, and her tight dress highlighted the graceful curves of her waist and hips drawing attention to her firm, round ass.

As she turned to face away from me, she glanced a sultry glance over her shoulder, and I danced in closer until I was holding her hips and she was pressing her perfect ass against me. Dancing there with her I could feel my dick begin to harden and as it did it was firmly nestled between her ass cheeks. Sensing my condition, she slowed her gyrations down, and I pulled her even tighter to me.

Summer leaned back and turning her head she said "oooh you're so hard. I wish your dick was inside me right now!"

"Me too" I managed to grunt out as she swiveled her hips back and forth to the music.

As that song evaporated to be replaced by another, Summer grabbed my hand and led me back to the bar where we shared another glass of the Cristal that was getting us both tipsy. A slight sheen of sweat glistened on Summer's skin, and for the first time, I noticed that she had a certain faraway look in her eyes. My initial thought was that she was merely drunk, but as thought about it, I realized that I had seen that look before. It was the look she gets when she's on the verge of cumming.
