 It had been three weeks since Tanya had ridden him, but Mark still couldn't get her out of his head.

It was insane. Mark was no longer some teenage boy. He hadn't had a crush on a girl since the age of fifteen and, except for one longer thing that had almost become something serious, all relationships in his life had been casual. In his phone he had the numbers of nine different girls he could have hung out with pretty much whenever he had wanted to, and none of them was opposed to ending an evening under the sheets together.

So why was it that all he could think of was Tanya?

It wasn't love, that much he was certain of. Mark knew love. He had been in love four times already, one of the women had loved him back. Had she not betrayed him, he would still be together with her. Love bonded two people together in an unmistakable way, but it wasn't the way Mark felt about Tanya.

But what else was it, then?

The nights were even worse than that. Sure, sleep did find Mark, but the dreams also found him. Not that they would have been scary dreams, though, unfortunately, they also weren't sexy dreams, which Mark preferred. No, the dreams he was having were just... confusing. Yes, confusing was the right word. He saw faces he hadn't seen before, places he hadn't been before, and one mansion in particular kept popping up again and again and again for no reason whatsoever. If, at least, he would have dreamed of Tanya, things would have made sense. But this?

As the third weekend since she had fucked him came, Mark couldn't stand it any longer and decided that he had to get all that nonsense out of his head. A quick vacation would probably help him, out of the city, at the very least, some new sights to replace the old ones in his mind. Drive out into the countryside, find a nice quiet place in the open, and go for a day of hiking or two -- that was what he needed now.

Mark took the highway out of the city but left it at the first opportunity. The kind of quiet he was looking for would probably be near one of the many smaller roads. Without really having a destination, he just chose directions at random, taking the first crossing left or the third right, pretty much heading wherever he thought he'd leave his familiar life behind. And that he did.

Until he suddenly had the strange hunch that the area he was getting into felt familiar.

Mark pulled over to the side of the road and stopped his car. What on earth was happening here? He'd never been to this place in his life, he was certain of that! It wasn't that far from the city, only a few hours, but Mark had never had a reason to come here. Or rather, he wasn't even certain where exactly he was, so how could the area feel familiar to him?

Mark took a deep breath. 'My mind's playing tricks on me,' he thought, 'I'm probably overworked. It'll all get better once I get off the road and into nature. All I need now is a nice little hotel or motel somewhere around here, a place to stay, and then I'll get out of the car and go for a hike, and then all this weirdness will stop.'

With all the will he had left, Mark started his car again and resumed his drive. The strange feeling inside him didn't subside, it even became stronger, but Mark was determined not to let it get the better of him, not to get frightened by something just because it was unexplainable. He pushed back that sensation of being familiar with this area and just focused on driving and looking for a place to stay.

And that worked fine for him until he got to a crossing and suddenly knew that the mansion from his dreams would be there if he now turned left.

Again, Mark stopped his car. Why, he asked himself, why did he know these things? He had never been here, that he was certain of, never taken that left turn, never followed that road to its end. How could he know what was at the end of it?

Did he even know what was at the end of it?

With a sigh, Mark decided to end all this nonsense. He had just randomly driven through the countryside, the odds that the exact same mansion he had dreamt about was here were nil, nada, zilch. Even better, if he now followed that road to its end and found out that, indeed, the mansion wasn't there, he'd finally know that all these strange pictures in his head were really nothing but meaningless mirages, and that would definitely help him get rid of them.

With newfound confidence, Mark took the left turn. The road led towards a small pine forest and then through it. It was in surprisingly good condition for a road that far out nowhere. Most forest roads were bumpy and rough because of the lumber trucks that frequented it -- this one wasn't. Judging from its condition, it was maintained regularly. Maybe there was some little village at the end of it? If Mark found a hotel there, then the forest would be perfect for hiking...

And then he was at the end of the road, and in front of him, a wide clearing opened, and in the middle of that clearing stood the mansion Mark had dreamed about.

"Damn," Mark said to himself.

A minute later, he was walking towards the mansion. He could have just turned around and driven off again, but now that he had actually arrived, his curiosity had gotten the better of him. Maybe if he just followed that path he was on to its natural end, all the weirdness that had happened to him in the last three weeks would finally make sense. Or maybe he was going insane, and entering that mansion would be Mark's final step into insanity.

He almost didn't care anymore.

As he approached the mansion, Mark saw a child coming out from behind it. It was a girl, maybe ten or eleven years old, with long and beautiful chestnut hair that shimmered in the early afternoon sun. The girl saw him and froze. Mark smiled and raised a hand, waving to her.

The girl turned on her heels, raced towards the mansion, up the stairs, opened the door and slipped inside as though she had seen a ghost.

Puzzled, Mark looked over his shoulder, but there was nothing there that could have scared the girl so much. Had she been frightened by him? That would have been strange. Mark was hardly a frightening person, and most children behaved perfectly normal around him. Still, he couldn't think of anything else that might have sparked that girl's reaction...

Shrugging, he continued on the pebbled path that led towards the mansion. It was only a few more yards to go, and then, maybe, his questions would be answered. The girl certainly wouldn't be living in that mansion alone. Hopefully, whoever lived there with her would be able to offer a few explanations.

And then, just as Mark was standing on the bottom of the stairs that led up to the door, it opened, and out of it stepped Tanya, wearing a pink and white sweat suit.

"You?" she asked with absolute disbelief in her voice.

"You?" Mark replied, equally surprised.

And that was even before he noticed that Tanya looked very, very pregnant.

---

"Simone, sweetie, go out and play a little, will ya?"

The girl with the chestnut hair nodded, but she wasn't taking her eyes off Mark. She looked at him as any other kid would have looked upon some three-eyed, green-skinned alien, and Mark felt really uncomfortable under the gaze of the kid. When she eventually opened the door and slipped out of the house, he felt more than relieved.

Tanya must have felt the tension too. "I'm sorry," she said. "Simone isn't used to strangers. We rarely have visitors here."

Mark nodded. "Yeah, I could figure. She's your... cousin? Niece?"

"No." Tanya turned and gestured towards Mark. "Come with me," she said. "Let's find you a place to sit."

"Fine with me."

Mark followed Tanya into the next room. It was some kind of large parlor, befitting a mansion of that size, though most of the furniture in it was modern and looked somewhat like designer pieces. Probably expensive designer pieces, Mark noticed.

Tanya let Mark enter, then closed the door behind him and turned the key in the lock. "Take a seat," she said and gestured towards a group of armchairs standing around a small table.

"Thanks." Mark headed towards one of the armchairs and sat down. Tanya followed him, taking the chair just on the opposite side of the table. She really was as pregnant as she looked; Mark could see that in the way she walked, and in the way she very carefully lowered herself into the armchair. Even though she was wearing comfortable clothing, her belly still seemed to make every movement difficult.

"I suppose you have a lot of questions," Tanya began.

"Oh yes," Mark nodded. He couldn't take his eyes off Tanya's bulging belly.

"Before you ask them," Tanya said, "I have one, though: How did you find me?"

Mark had to laugh. "That was one of the questions I wanted to ask you."

"Really?"

"Really. I don't have the slightest idea how I found you."

Tanya wiped a strand of hair out her face. "Yet here you are."

"I guess I am," Mark said. "Honestly, I wasn't intending to come here. I just wanted to get out of the city, just drive around in the countryside a little. And before I knew it, there's suddenly this crossing, and I knew that at the end of that road, there would be the mansion I keep on seeing in my dreams..."

"Wait," Tanya interrupted him. "You keep seeing a mansion in your dreams? This mansion?"

"Yup. Since the day we were together."

Something like... realization, maybe, suddenly flashed up in Tanya's face. "Of course," she murmured. "That's certainly possible. I've been a little careless with you, but that it would have this effect..."

"Mh?" Mark looked at her.

"I'll explain later," Tanya promised. "But before we get to that -- you certainly have other questions?" She smiled and gently tapped her bulging belly with her fingers.

Mark laughed nervously. "Oh, yeah, that. Well... the obvious question seems to be... What's happened with you?"

"What does it look like?"

"It looks like you're... well, pregnant."

Tanya nodded and smiled. "I am," she said.

"But how? It's been three weeks since I last saw you, and back then you were... you were..."

"I was?"

"Not."

"That's right." Tanya continued to smile, though a little mischievously now.

Mark felt more than a little lost. "So -- how? How is that possible? You look like you're in your seventh month, or so."

"That would be impossible," Tanya said. "I can't be in my seventh month if you saw me not pregnant only three weeks ago, right?"

"Exactly!" Mark nodded and sat up. "It IS impossible. You're definitely in the last third of your pregnancy, and pregnancies take nine months."

"Oh, they do?" Tanya's smile was taking a turn for the wicked now. "Says who?"

"Everybody knows that!"

"Strange," Tanya mused. "Then someone must have forgotten to tell that to the mice."

"The what?"

"The mice."

Mark shook his head in bewilderment. "What about mice?"

"Their pregnancies don't take nine months," Tanya said, still smiling her wicked smile. "They only need three weeks before giving birth."

"You KNOW what I was trying to say," Mark protested. "HUMAN pregnancies take nine months."

Tanya nodded. "They usually do. However, evolutionarily speaking, that's not necessarily a good thing. A lot can happen to a mother in nine months. And in earlier days, a lot DID happen."

Mark shook his head again. "What do you mean?"

"I'm saying that evolutionarily speaking, a shorter pregnancy time can be a good thing." Tanya struggled a little to sit upright as she had sunken into the armchair quite deeply. "The sooner a woman gives birth, the sooner she is back to her full strength. Less time for things to go wrong. And, of course, it also gives her the opportunity to have more children than if each pregnancy took nine months."

"Alright," said Mark. "I'm not an expert, but I must admit that makes sense. Shorter pregnancies are an advantage. Evolutionarily speaking. And?"

Tanya looked him straight in the eye. "Evolution's sitting right in front of you," she said.

Mark laughed. That was a joke -- that HAD to be a joke. "You're saying that your pregnancies last only three weeks instead of nine months?"

"No."

"Ah." Mark smiled. "I knew that you were only..."

"They last FOUR weeks," Tanya said. "It's three weeks for mice."

"Four weeks."

"Yes."

Mark shook his head again, this time in disbelief. "Never."

"Why not?"

"It's biologically impossible!"

Tanya had stopped smiling. "Why do you think that?"

"Because it is! A child growing inside you that quickly -- I mean, how would your body be able to support something growing that fast? I'm not a biologist, but I'm pretty sure a baby needs lots of energy to grow! Where would that all come from?"

Wordlessly, Tanya pushed herself out of the armchair, only slightly struggling. Looking at Mark, she started to walk across the room, to another door.

"Where are you...?"

"Follow me," Tanya said, nothing more, and without any expression on her face. "Follow me, and I'll show you."

The change in Tanya's behavior started to worry Mark, but his curiosity still outweighed his caution so he stood up and followed her across the room. When he reached her, she had already opened the door and stepped into the room behind it.

It was a bedroom, a very spacious bedroom, with a king-size bed right in the middle of it, as luxurious as the furniture in the parlor. That bed was the only piece of furniture in the entire room.

Unless you counted the eight monstrous fridges that stood on the walls.

"What the...?"

Tanya slowly walked towards the bed and sat down on it, facing Mark. "That," she said, "is where I spend most of my time when I'm pregnant. I'm eating, and when I'm not eating, I'm sleeping, and when I'm doing neither..." She pointed towards another door. "The bathroom is just over there." 

"But..." Mark was trying to make heads or tails of what he was seeing here. "Why are you showing me this?"

"Because it's the answer to your question," Tanya answered, and now her voice was back to its former, soft, slightly mischievous tone. "Where does all the energy I need to grow babies so fast come from? It comes from these fridges."

"You mean... you just eat?"

"Yup. I eat a lot."

She smiled, and Mark was finally beginning to understand. "But that must mean that your body... Man, how fast does your metabolism work?"

"Very fast." Tanya slid backwards on the bed, comfortably reclining on the pillows. "Fast enough to give birth to a baby girl every four weeks, if I want to."

"Incredible," Mark murmured. "And you're saying it's just... evolution?"

"Yup."

"Looks more like some miracle to me."

"Evolution is a miracle," Tanya smiled, "each and every time. And now you're a part of it."

Mark looked puzzled. "Me?"

"Oh yes, indeed." Tanya softly ran her hand over her rounded belly. "Whose child do you think is inside me?"

"W-what?"

"No, not what. WHOSE child."

"You don't mean...?"

"I do, and you know I do." Tanya looked directly at Mark. "Now say it."

Mark took a deep breath. "That child is mine," he said. "It's mine."

"She is yours," Tanya nodded.

"I'm going to be a daddy..."

Without any further words, Mark walked towards Tanya and sat down on the bed next to her.

"May I?"

"Of course."

Carefully, as though touching something precious and fragile, Mark put his hand on Tanya's belly and slowly stroked it. "I'm going to be a daddy," he repeated.

"You are," Tanya affirmed him, "and I think this is a good time for me to apologize for that."

"Apologize?"

"For stealing your cum from you." She smiled one of her more wicked smiles. "And for not intending to tell you about your little baby daughter. Though that might be excused if I tell you that you're now the first man to know he's the father to one of my children."

Mark turned his gaze from Tanya's belly to her face, though he continued to stroke her. "I remember now," he said. "After you were gone, I couldn't find the condom I had put on..."

"It was still inside of me," Tanya said, her smile unchanged. "Together with your cum. I pulled that rubber off your dick before you came. My pussy's quite nimble, isn't she?"

"Oh yeah, she is." The memory of being inside Tanya was enough to make Mark's cock harden again, though sitting right next to her and feeling the warmth of her body could have also had something to do with that. "You know..."

"Mh?"

"I haven't been able to get you out of my head ever since you left."

Tanya sighed deeply. "Yeah," she said, "I suppose I should apologize for that too."

"Don't," Mark said. "Don't apologize."

Tanya smiled, but this time with a hint of sadness. "No, you don't understand," she said. "I really should apologize. You see..."

"I don't care," Mark interrupted her. "I don't care what you did. You fucked me, and now you're carrying my baby. You never intended to tell me, but I still don't care. All I care about is that I found you, and that these last three weeks are finally making sense, and that I'm going to be a father. That's all I care about."

"You mean..."

"I mean I'm happy," said Mark, and now it was his turn to smile. "I'm truly, honestly happy about all that's happened."

Tanya wasn't smiling. "Even if that is all that will ever happen?" she asked. "Even if we are never going to be a family? Even if the only choice you now have left is either never seeing me again, or never going back to your old life?"

"Even then."

Now it was Tanya's turn to shake her head. "Mark, I don't think you know what you're..."

She didn't get any further before Mark bent over her and softly kissed her on her lips.

To his surprise, Tanya immediately responded to his kiss. Her mouth opened slightly, and she offered him her tongue, which he gladly accepted. For a long time, their lips embraced, and Tanya slung her arms around Mark's neck.

As she finally let him go again, she looked into his eyes. "So you're with me," she asked, "whatever will happen?"

"I am." Mark smiled. "I'm sure of it."

"Show me," Tanya whispered, and then she pulled him towards her for another kiss, even more sensual than the last one. Mark let his hands run over her breasts and her beautiful, beautiful belly, and Tanya softly snuck her fingers down between Mark's legs. He didn't resist when she opened his belt and let her hand slip inside his jeans.

"Come here," she demanded.

Mark crawled closer, positioning himself so that Tanya could easily reach his crotch. Tanya opened his jeans entirely, took out Mark's half-stiff cock, gently ran her fingers over it a few times and then firmly took it into her hand and held it as she put her mouth over it.

Tanya's mouth felt heavenly. The first time they had sex, she had not given him head, but now that she did, Mark knew that he really had been missing out. She sucked down on him as though she had done nothing else all her life, taking his cock in up to the balls. All the time, Mark wasn't feeling a single tooth. When it came to blowjobs, Tanya was an expert.

As she pleasured him, Mark could do little more than to run his fingers through her wonderfully silky hair and to gently knead the back of her neck. His hips were yearning to start pumping, but he knew that if he did that, he would fill Tanya's throat with cum faster than a speeding bullet, and he didn't want it to be over so soon. Besides, he had done nothing to pleasure Tanya yet, and he considered himself as much a giver as a receiver. (And as it turned out, he had given her a child when he had last received sex, so he had already set a fine example there, he thought.)

As gently as he could in his aroused condition, he pulled back from her. Tanya's lips kept sucking and teasing as long as they could, but eventually, his now painfully stiff cock plopped out of her mouth. "I wanna do something for you too," he whispered.
