 When Mark awoke the next morning, the aching in his crotch had subsided, but he still felt rather sleepy and worn-out. It didn't help that Naira had cuddled up against his back, and her body heat had added to the already very warm room, making for a rather uneasy sleep.

Slowly and carefully, striving to not wake up Naira, he freed himself from her embrace and got out of bed, the room only illuminated by what little sunlight came in through the shutters. He found his boxers on the floor and put them on, then silently snuck out of the room and towards the bathroom with the shower he already knew.

This time, he was a little more careful and locked the bathroom door behind himself, not eager for another surprise like the one Mona had given him yesterday. He adjusted the water temperature to something nice and refreshing and then enjoyed some quality time under the shower.

When he was eventually done and returned to the bedroom, Naira had woken up, though she was still curled up in the sheets. “Good morning, my bedfellow,” she smiled as Mark entered and beckoned to him. “Come sit with me a little longer.”

Smiling back, Mark walked over to her, stopping by the bowl on the little table to grab two dates. As he sat down, he handed one to Naira and put the other in his own mouth. Quietly chewing down on the sticky, sweet fruit, he looked down at the woman who had worn him out last night, at her beautiful, shapely body whose hourglass form was visible even underneath the bedsheet.

Naira looked back at him, slowly extending one hand and running it over his chest. “Thank you again for last night,” she said. “I really enjoyed your company. It's not easy to find someone to just share the sheets with if you're running a medical practice like me. People can find out who you are, and then you get into all sorts of trouble.”

“Yeah, I suppose that would suck,” Mark agreed. “I already know from Holly that quite a few of you lead relatively regular lives, and only some really focus on increasing your numbers. But I suppose there must be still many of you already, at the rate you're able to give birth.”

“Not as many as you might think,” Naira sighed. “You see, while our daughters grow up quickly in our wombs, that doesn't necessarily mean they grow up healthy. Around three in ten of our family are infertile, for example, and our cancer rates are much higher than those of normal women. Some of us develop tumors or leukemia at a very young age, if we're unlucky.”

Mark raised an eyebrow. “I had no idea. Can you do something about this?”

Looking down, Naira shook her head. “There's not been much research into our peculiar biology,” she said, “and there is much we don't understand. All we know that one of the factors for problems is the father's seed. If one of us has a healthy daughter with one particular man, all of us probably can do the same, and if the seed of someone else leads to problems, chances are these problems will come up no matter who of us has a daughter with him.”

“So that really is why you were so eager to take my sperm,” Mark smiled. “And I thought you were joking earlier.”

“That's also what Stephanie had in mind when she made up the rules about you,” Naira said. “If your daughter with Tanya turned out healthy, you'd probably be a person of interest for many of us. Well, and I suppose you are now.”

Mark's smile turned slightly wry. “That's not exactly what I had in mind about being known for in the world.”

With a grin, Naira poked him in the side. “There are worse things to be famous for,” she giggled. “Well, you'll get used to it in any case. And now...” She stretched her arms above her head and peeled herself out of the bedsheet. “I guess it's time for me to get this day started. The others should arrive soon.”

“Yeah, you mentioned that yesterday.” Mark looked down in thought. “Are you expecting many of your family to come here?”

“Naah,” Naira said. “Just a few of those who live in the area.”

***

Half an hour later, a bus full of women arrived.

Mark couldn't believe his eyes when he saw them approach the mansion from the second-floor window. There were at least sixty of them, maybe more, and all of them seemed to be in their twenties and thirties. Around half of them appeared to be of Caucasian descent, the other half split into all sorts of ethnicities. He saw black women, some of Latin American appearance, Asians, a few darker skin tones that could have been Indian, and even one or two that looked like native Americans to him. Only two of the women seemed to be in the early stages of a pregnancy – one of them black, the other with very fair skin and copper-red hair.

Naira met them downstairs in the parlor, handing them slips with numbers and then guided them into the salon, where someone had already prepared finger food and drinks for them. Taking her first “patient” upstairs, a smallish woman in her thirties with thick, dark-brown hair, they passed by Mark, and he couldn't help noticing the interested look the woman was giving him. She didn't stop to talk, though, and followed Naira into the makeshift practice Mark had helped with the day before.

As he was still looking at the closing door, Tanya appeared on the far side of the corridor. “There you are,” she called to him. “I was just looking for you.”

“You were?” Mark approached her.

“We still haven't finished talking, I think,” Tanya said. “Or at least I was under the impression that you weren't quite done when we were interrupted yesterday. I hope you've had a, uh, good time in Naira's company?”

Mark smiled. “Yeah, she kept me quite busy, I suppose. But yeah, I would appreciate the opportunity to talk to you a little more.”

With a nod, Tanya took his hand and squeezed it lightly. “Then let's find a room,” she said. “From what I've heard, all the bedrooms will be occupied soon, but think the study should be free by now. Come with me.”

She led Mark across the hallway and to a smaller staircase that led up even further. They both ascended the stairs and eventually arrived in yet another corridor, one with a significantly lower ceiling than the ones on the lower floors of the mansion. Tanya opened the first door to the right, and they came into what looked a little like an old-fashioned office, with two desks facing each other in the middle of the room and two chairs on each desk. A window covered most of the opposite wall, letting lots of sunlight in.

Tanya walked over to the right desk, sitting down on one of the chairs and offering Mark the other. As he sat down, she crossed her legs and comfortably leaned back a little. “Alright then,” she said. “Yesterday, I think we were talking about you and me and how you could take part in raising Marcia.”

“That's right,” Mark nodded. “Naira filled me in on the reasons why it's not a good idea if the two of us have any more children together, by the way. The whole thing with the identical twins.”

“Ah?” Tanya's eyes widened in surprise. “I didn't think she would have wanted you to know that. Well, at least this time it's her and not me who spilled our secrets.” She gave an amused chuckle.

Mark smiled for a moment, but then his expression turned a little more serious. “I still want to do my part as a father,” he said. “I believe that children need both parents to grow up well and happy, and I really wished you'd allow me to do Marcia that favor.”

Shaking her head, Tanya sighed softly. “It's really not an option”, she said. “I've considered it, trust me, I've really considered it, and yes, there is a way we could make it happen, but...” Again, she shook her head. “It's too dangerous. Too dangerous for you, for me, and especially for Marcia.”

“Why?” Mark tried to look into her eyes, but she kept turning her head to the side. “Why, Tanya? What would be so dangerous about me being a part of Marcia's life.”

“There's one very big issue I'm absolutely not allowed to tell you,” Tanya replied softly, “but even the smaller issue is still big enough: Having you around would mean you'd notice me sleep around with other men all of the time. You know I've dedicated my life to having as many daughters as I possibly can. And I can't have any more with you, so...” She looked up and finally met his gaze. “I really can't do this to you. I can't live together with you while I still go looking for new sex partners all the time. I'm sorry.”

Mark silently looked at her for a moment. “Alright,” he said. “Then there's only one more question I have.”

With a slight nod, Tanya looked back at him. “Go ahead.”

“If I fully become a part of your family, like Naira said, would that change anything?”

“Like Naira said...?”

“The entire thing,” Mark explained. “I quit my job. I disappear from the radar. I move to this mansion and never leave it again. If I did all that, would you then allow me to be a part of Marcia's life?”

Tanya lowered her gaze. “Mark... no. Please don't do that. I mean...” She looked up again, conflicting emotions running all over her face. “If you did that, I could fill you in on all the details. Tell you all our secrets. You'd finally have some explanations for all that's happening. But-”

Mark waited for her to continue. She didn't for over ten seconds. Eventually, he took the initiative again. “But?”

“But-” Tanya took a deep breath. “But I still couldn't make you a part of Marcia's life even if you did all that. I'm sorry. Really sorry.”

“Okay.” Mark took a deep breath as well. “Then we're done here. Unless you have something else to tell me.”

Tanya smiled and reached out for his hand, but he pulled it away from her, and her smile faded. “I'm sorry I'm being so hard on you,” she said. “But it's for the best. Please trust me. Just as I'm trusting you to keep the secrets you already know.”

Slowly, Mark nodded. “It's okay. I can accept that. Just-” He slowly and carefully chose his next words. “Just try and be the best mother to Marcia you possibly can. Can you promise me that?”

“Of course I can,” Tanya said, her expression softening. “Of course I can, Mark. I'll take good care of her. I promise.”

“Thanks.” Mark managed to smile at her a little, then he stood up. “If you ever need something, get in touch with me. And until then, live the life you want.”

Tanya nodded, and her eyes were starting to get a little wet. “I will, “ she said. “Thank you too.”

***

On his way down, Mark had a bit of a lump in his throat. He really wished his conversation with Tanya had gone better, but then again, it wasn't as though anyone had given him much reason to raise his hopes. Tanya's family was shrouded in mysteries, and many of those seemed to demand they did things “their way”, whatever that meant. In any case, it meant he couldn't be involved in most things.

His mind still a little occupied by those thoughts, he wasn't as aware of his surroundings as usual, and that was probably the reason why, as he started walking back down the second-floor hallway, he stepped on something hard and round and would have almost lost his footing.

“Shit,” Mark cursed, putting his hand against the wall to steady himself. He looked down. On the floor lay a dark-red tubular object around a foot in size and a few inches in diameter, difficult to see against the equally dark-red carpet. He picked it up and only then realized he was holding a vibrator.

Looking around to see where this thing had suddenly come from, he noticed a door to the left standing slightly ajar, and from that door came strange noises. Noises like someone struggling got get something heavy lifted, or like in some other kind of arduous physical activity.

Then, the unmistakable sound of Mona's voice came from the room, triumphantly: “See? I KNEW you could get it all the way in!”

Grinning to himself, Mark tiptoed his way towards the door, glancing through the gap in the door. He couldn't see much of the room behind it, only that it had the same dark-red carpet as the hallway, but he could recognize Mona's slim shape inside. She was sitting on the floor, her back turned towards him, and she wasn't alone: Someone was sitting on her lap, slinging both legs around her hips and hugging her tightly with both arms. That other person was the one making the strained noises, but Mark wasn't quite able to make out who it was. She was definitely not as tall as Mona...

That moment, she raised her head a little above Mona's shoulder, and her eyes widened as she saw Mark through the gap in the door.

Tess. Glasses and everything.

With a surprised shriek, she raised one arm and pointed at him, which made Mona turn her head too. “Mark,” she greeted him with a happy grin as she saw him, “good that you're here. Come on in!”

“Nooo!” Tess whimpered, hiding her face behind Mona's body. “Don't come in!”

“Um, ladies...?” Mark looked at the two young women in their embrace.

Mona enthusiastically beckoned to him. “It's alright,” she said, “Tess is just a little bashful. She'll get over it in a minute. Come in already!”

Mark waited for another sign of protest from Tess, but as none came, he stepped into the room. “You need to yank the door shut,” Mona told him. “I think it doesn't close properly.”

“Okay then,” Mark said as he entered, pulling the door into its lock behind himself. Taking a quick look, he found the room quite barren in comparison to the mansion's usual splendor as it seemed to be currently used as some sort of storage space for unused pillows, mattresses and pieces of small furniture that were standing rather disorganized near the left wall. To the right, of course, on a small but fluffy-looking rug, sat Mona and Tess.

“Take a look at this!” Tess beckoned him over excitedly. “This is really great stuff!”

Mark curiously walked over the two young women. From the viewpoint on the other side of the door, both had looked fully clothed, but as he came closer, he could see two pairs of panties on the floor a few feet away from them, one white with little black stars on it, the other of a familiar rose color. Tess was still wearing a sweater and skirt while Mona wore a simple shirt with spaghetti straps and a pair of leggings.

Grinning towards him, Mona lifted up Tess's skirt, revealing the quite thick flesh-colored strap-on dildo she was wearing, her leggings pulled down just far enough to let it stick out from underneath. It was stuck deep in the pussy of the smaller, more buxom woman whose face had turned a bright pink and who was desperately trying not to meet Mark's eyes.

“Isn't she something?” Mona beamed with excitement. “Tess thought there was no way she could get something this massive into her, but I showed her how.”

“Yeah, you do know the right technique for that,” Mark chortled. “Oh, by the way,” – he waved the vibrator he was still holding in front of her face – “does this look familiar to you?”

Mona nodded and pointed towards a large open cardboard box in a corner on her side of the room. “Stephanie's toys,” she said. “We probably lost that one when we took them here.”

Raising an eyebrow, Mark crossed his arms. “You stole Stephanie's toys?”

“Naah,” Mona laughed. “Stephanie told me to put them here; she won't be needing them for the next few weeks at least. Tess offered to help me carry, well, and then one thing led to another.”

“I can see that,” Mark grinned. “And I'm just trying not to imagine how this started”

That moment, Tess stirred and let Mona out of her tight embrace, apparently having found the courage to speak again. “I-If that's okay,” she very quietly suggested, “I'd like to get back up now.”

Mona looked at her in probably honest surprise. “Already? But we're only getting started, and now Mark is here. Off with the sweater!”

“But I-”

“Off with the sweater!”

With a rather unhappy expression on her face, Tess reached for the hem of her sweater and pulled it over her head, struggling a little to get it off without any danger to her glasses. Mona took the opportunity to reach around her and opened her bra so that it slipped down as Tess lowered her arms again.

“Aren't those the most amazing titties you've ever seen?” Mona laughed and immediately dug her fingers into the soft, fleshy D-cups. “So cuddly and warm and squeezable!”

“P-Please, be more gentle,” Tess whimpered. “I'm very sensitive around my- Haah!”

Mona had immediately stopped squeezing Tess's breasts the moment she had started to complain. Now, she was instead cupping them with her hands, gently taking her pink nipples between thumb and forefinger and softly stroking them. “Better?” she asked.

With fluttering eyelids, Tess started to breathe faster. “Nnh... oh yes. M-Much better.” A shudder went through her body. “Don't stop. Oh please don't stop!”

“Of course not,” Mona smiled and looked up to Mark. “And you, get undressed already! Join us!”

“I... don't think that's a good idea,” Mark said cautiously. “Naira said I should give myself a little rest, at least until the evening. She really milked me good last night.”

Mona pouted. “Aw, that's awful of her, to keep her all to herself!” She seemed to think about something for a moment, then suddenly grinned. “Say, can't you at least help me out a little here? These titties are really begging to be sucked, and I've only got one mouth.”

Chuckling, Mark sat down next to her and put the vibrator on the ground. “I suppose if it's nothing that directly involves my cock, it should be fine. If it's okay with Tess, then-”

“Oh, yes, pleeeeeze,” Tess moaned with a strained voice. “It feels so good. Keep going! Keep going!”

“I said she would stop being bashful in a minute,” Mona laughed. “Okay, once you're ready, Mark, on the count of three. One, two-”

On “three”, she and Mark opened their mouths at the same time and closed their lips around Tess's small pink nipples. Tess breathed in heavily, grabbed both their heads and pulled them very close as they started licking and sucking her breasts, causing her to whimper and moan with a high-pitched voice. The stimulation seemed to bring her bliss beyond compare, and in combination with the pressure of the fake cock deep within her, it was almost too much.

Within a minute, her juices started to leak out of her, staining the strap-on and Mona's leggings alike, and she began moving uneasily on her lap. After three minutes, her hips were rhythmically swaying back and forth, and her breathing had turned into heavy panting. And as five minutes had almost passed...

“Ahh... ahh... AAAHNNN!”

...she came.

Her orgasm wasn't a thunderous as the one she had experienced with Mark, but then again, this one was almost entirely based on the stimulation of her breast, the fake cock inside her pussy playing only a minor part. A generous amount of her fluids squirted out of her anyway as she bucked her hips forward, and she sprayed them all over Mona's belly, completely soaking her shirt.

Mona squealed in delight as she felt the juices hit her and immediately let go of Tess's nipple. “You naughty little thing,” she laughed. “You really cum buckets, don't ya? Now I've got to change clothes!” She yanked her shirt off with both hands and tossed it to the side, revealing her small, perky breasts. “Look at that! I'm all wet underneath!” She nudged Mark in the side and pointed him at her belly. “Just look at that mess!”

Slowly coming down from her climax, Tess didn't seem fully conscious yet. “Sorry,” she muttered, still a little shaky, her eyelids hanging down low. It took her several seconds to come to her senses, then she took a slow breath. “Okay,” she finally said. “That really WAS as good as you said it would be.” She looked over to Mark. “Thank you too. You really seem to love what you're doing.”

“I am,” Mark smiled. “It's hard not to love your titties, like Mona said. You have a beautiful body, from head to toe.”

“And I'm not done with it,” Mona added and leaned forward, gently pushing Tess down on the rug.
