 Eventually, Mark decided not to use Alice's business card after all.

It wasn't as though talking to his boss Tony about some vacation had run smoothly. As Mark had almost expected, Tony had been going on about how they, as a small business, were having a hard time "in this economy" and that they couldn't afford "giving anything less than a hundred ten percent", and that "everybody's gotta do their part", and all that. "Besides," he said, "summer's almost over, and I'm meeting our six largest clients this week. You know they're going to give us a ton to do, and I really have no idea how we would meet their timelines without you, Mark."

"Okay," Mark said, "fair enough. If you say you can't do it without me, of course I'm with you. But if I'm that irreplaceable, I think a raise is in order."

"A raise?!"

"My last one's been over two years ago already," Mark pointed out. "I'm thinking somewhere around six percent should be feasible."

Tony laughed. "Six percent! In this economy! You must be joking!" 

"I'm not. Or do you think I'm not worth it?" Mark raised an eyebrow. "I thought you couldn't make deadlines without me."

"Sure you're worth it, but-" Tony scratched his neck. "Let me make you a counteroffer, Mark. How does a nice, fat December bonus sound? An additional, say, eight hundred to spend on Christmas, eh?"

Mark chuckled. "Make that a full grand, AND you're giving me a week of vacation right after Thanksgiving. I'd be okay with that."

Tony seemed to me making some calculations in his head, and eventually he sighed. "Deal," he said. "Let's put this down on paper and sign it off right now... You know that when you return in December, you're going to have one hell of a working week after that, right? Your inbox will pile up to epic proportions, especially since Eddie won't get anything done without you breathing down his neck."

"Ugh, yeah." Eddie was the latest addition to the firm Mark worked at, and while his graphic designs were brilliant, he had the tendency to get distracted if no one constantly reminded him to keep his mind on the job. "That'll be fun."

"Still sure you want that vacation?" Tony grinned.

Mark grinned right back. "Nice try, boss," 

***

Since he wasn't getting any vacation right away, following Naira's suggestion would have been impossible - and for the most part, Mark was quite relieved about that. Impregnating (and, ideally, satisfying) six women a day for the next two weeks had sounded like an awful lot of work and definitely not his idea of a "vacation". Though... to some extent, he had been a little curious whether he was really physically capable of performing like that. He usually wasn't someone to run from a challenge. Maybe at a later time, when he was able to prepare a little better...

In any case, as things were now, Mark's upcoming weeks would be pretty packed with both his job and his duties. He had given his e-mail to everybody in the mansion so that he could easily make appointments and put them into his schedule. Organizing everything had taken up most of his Sunday, and after that, it looked as though he would have a date with at least one of the women almost every day for the upcoming eleven weeks. Around a third of those "appointments" were dates with two of them at once, and in a few cases, he would have two dates in a single evening, though an hour or so apart from one another. At least Mark's weekends were still free - he knew he would need some time for himself after an entire week of this.

So right on Monday evening, Mark had his first scheduled date. It was with Stacy, the very blonde and almost girlish nurse in her early twenties Alice had introduced him to. Apparently, she, Alice and Pat often went hiking in the weekends when the weather allowed it, and that had certainly given Stacy nicely toned lied. She had come across as a very energetic, somewhat talkative person who had downed three glasses of bubbly in Mark's presence alone, and she liked to laugh a lot, the loudest about her own jokes.

She had rented a hotel room on the outskirts of town for their date, something on the cheaper side though of still very acceptable quality. Mark had thought it was maybe a little cliché and certainly impersonal, but then Stacy had quite the surprise for him: The room had been decorated appropriately for a romantic evening, with a small table for two featuring a single red candle on the far end and a very tasty salmon dinner prepared for them. There was a bottle of champagne - Moet, he nodded with appreciation - and at least thirty red heart-shaped balloons were floating on the ceiling. And to top it all off, Stacy had covered the hotel bed entirely in rose petals.

Needless to say that the evening far exceeded Mark's expectations, and when it finally came to doing what he had come for, it felt truly intimate for him - a long shot from some anonymous sex-duty that this could have been. He made Stacy scream in delight five times and came in her twice, and when he went under the shower at the end of the evening, he noticed that not only she had left some nail marks on his lower back but also several hickeys on his chest, and he hadn't even noticed how they had got there.

When Mark went to work the next day, he felt relaxed and energized, and he pretty much breezed through his job. During lunchtime, Tony walked over to him. "Someone's in a good mood today, eh?" he said. 

"Sure," Mark smiled. "Things are running smoothly."

"If I had known that all it takes for that was offering you a bonus from time to time," Tony chuckled and nudged him in the side, "I'd had done that much earlier. Good that you're pulling your weight. Keep it up!"

Of course, Mark's good mood had very little to do with his bonus, but if Tony wanted to think that, he certainly wouldn't stop him. If anything, it would make the next discussions about his salary easier, and that additional six percent he had asked for could have even been possible in a few months or so.

The evening saw Mark's first double-date - Monique and Kayleigh, the latter of which he only had a foggy recollection of since he hadn't spoken to her much on the weekend. The appointment was at Monique's place, a small house in the suburbs, not exactly classy but nice and cozy. To Mark's surprise, she and Kayleigh too had prepared the place for the occasion - flowers in the living room, some Marvin Gaye from the stereo, and they had even cooked for him: pork loin and fried tomatoes, with an avocado salad on the side.

When it eventually came to lovemaking, instead of going somewhere else in the house, the three just stayed in the living room, making use of the couch and huge leather armchairs for comfort. Both Monique and Kayleigh were very demanding, constantly asking for Mark's attention, and they were even arguing over who he should be giving his seed first, though that seemed to be more like playful banter between them. They eventually decided the matter by sixty-nineing one another, with the one who came first having to let the other go first. Kayleigh won.

In the end, though, Mark couldn't have said who of the two he like better, or even who he had preferred as a sex partner. Kayleigh, with her flaming red locks and the freckles all over her very feminine, soft body seemed to have been constantly cumming underneath him, entirely enraptured with having his cock inside her, whereas Monique, black-haired, slightly older and smaller and with a much more toned body - stunning for a woman in her early thirties - had been more active, insisting on riding Mark's cock to an orgasm and preferring to go at her own pace. He had "only" felt her climax twice on him, a far cry from Kayleigh's orgasmathon, but she really seemed to be trying to make this as enjoyable for Mark as possible, and when he eventually came in her, she gave him the mother of French kisses - maybe appropriate for a woman named Monique.

It soon turned out that everybody Mark dated had made preparations to make the event as memorable and comfortable for him as possible. None of his "appointments" felt like the anonymous sex-session he had expected, none of the women he met were anything less than inviting and charming to him. And while, of course, they did expect him to give them what they needed, they weren't trying to come across as needy - quite the contrary.

Even the one date Mark had dreaded - that with Tiffany - had turned out to be very satisfying. Tiffany had invited him to her private pool, had wanted a lot of gentle hugging and kissing in the water and eventually had lain down for him, telling him to do with her whatever he wanted. He had caressed all of her perfectly toned, strong body, given her head until she had cum for him (twice, actually, after she had pleaded for him not to stop after the first one) and only then had taken her after she was perfectly relaxed, hot and slightly exhausted. When he first came in her, Tiffany put her strong arms around him and hugged him softly, so Mark hadn't pulled out, just waited until he was ready to go again and then just continued fucking her. She had her third orgasm then, and shortly afterwards, Mark shot his second load into her tight, pulsating pussy.

And so the weeks went on, with Mark spending the days working and the nights fucking. The arrangement worked much better than he had expected, and instead of his performance at his job suffering - another fear he had had - it was actually improving. There was something about satisfying at least one woman daily that increased his confidence, and even his coworkers seemed to notice that new energy in him. Even Eddie, usually someone whose work he had to monitor a lot, started to become more productive when Mark was in the same office, and he seemed to actively try to get on his good side.

Unfortunately, Mark's plan to have free weekends didn't work out for very long. It was during his third week into the agreements when he received e-mails from women he hadn't met at the mansion before. Word about him and what he was doing had apparently spread, and two who wrote to him even made reference to hearing about him from Mona. He had written back that his next free timeslots were in around eight weeks, but that had only resulted in them sending him nudes and kindly asking him to look at his schedule again. Mark quickly decided that he probably could manage with one additional date during the weekend, or maybe even a double-date, and that's what he went along with.

Nine weeks went by like this, and Mark was more popular both at his job and at his nightlife than ever. New women approached him regularly now, some of them willing to be put at the back of his schedule, some not, and even Holly wrote to him, telling him that their daughter was healthy and beautiful, and that she wanted to meet him again soon. She was the first but hardly the last one who actively asked to stay in touch, not for more baby-making but certainly for all sorts of fun activities. Mona, strangely, hadn't been among the ones writing him, but Mark's mind was too occupied to take much notice of that.

It was apparent that in the long run, if numbers stayed like this, it would probably boil down to two or three dates a week for him, which Mark was very comfortable with. He was feeling better than ever, healthier, maybe stronger too, and while he wasn't really feeling the urge to exercise, he picked up jogging on Saturday mornings just to work out the parts of his body that weren't doing much during his nights.

It was during one of these Saturday mornings when, during a part of Mark's routine that led through a small park, a young woman came running from a side path and joined up with him, keeping his pace. She seemed to be quite young, in her early twenties at the most, and was wearing a tracksuit in dark pink and white, with a matching cap struggling to contain her flowing long black locks. 

"Are you Mark?" she eventually asked after having run by his side for a few minutes.

"Oh." Mark had to smile. "I am Mark, indeed. And you are?"

"Muh- Madeline," the woman stuttered, blushing slightly. "Sorry, this is a bad idea. I- I probably shouldn't have-"

Mark stopped and signaled her to stop to. "It's fine," he said. "I know who you are."

Madeline's eyes seemed to scan his face. "You do?"

"You probably got my name from Mona," Mark guessed, "but the idea to just e-mail someone you've never met asking to meet up seemed weird to you. Is it something like this?"

"Well..." Several conflicting emotions ran across Madeline's face, and Mark found it hard to determine what exactly she was thinking. She mostly seemed to be gathering her courage. "You're right," she eventually said, "writing you an e-mail didn't seem like a good idea. And yeah, I did want to m- meet you in person." There it was again, that slight stutter.

Putting on his most trustworthy smile, Mark put a hand on Madeline's shoulder. Even that seemed to make her a little uncomfortable as her eyes quickly darted over to where he was touching her. "Don't worry," he said, remembering what he knew about the women. "You needn't feel rushed into anything. I'll be here for quite some time, and no matter what the others say, if you want to wait about having a daughter, or if there's someone else but me you want more-"

"I do want you," Madeline suddenly blurted out, probably much louder than intended, and she winced immediately after realizing what she had just done. "I do want you," she repeated a moment later, much more quiet than before, "but... Please don't be mad - I can't wait. I need you today."

"Today?"

Madeline nodded. "It has to be today. I- I don't know if I ever get a second chance for it otherwise."

By now, Mark was already used to the women being cryptic about their peculiarities, but this was a new level of cryptic, and one that seemed to be different, though he couldn't really put a finger on it. "That's a bit on a short notice," he eventually said. "I mean, I have no appointments for today, but-"

"Then come with me." Madeline's insecurity suddenly seemed to be gone, though there was still something weird in her eyes - anxiousness, maybe?

Mark took a closer look. The young woman before him had a very pronounced, natural beauty to her, delicate facial features with a very cute, slightly stubby nose and quite large eyes of a warm medium brown tone. She was around five foot nine, of normal build (from what he could see underneath that tracksuit), and the only thing about her he found strange was the way she constantly shifted her weight from one foot to the other, as though standing still was somehow impossible for her.

In any case, Mark found her very attractive; she had something about her that made him feel an immediate connection, and even if he hadn't had the time right now, he would have still agreed to meet her at the earliest possible convenience.

"Alright," he agreed. "Lead the way."

With a nod, Madeline turned around and resumed her running, with Mark following her. He didn't know this route too well, having only started exercising shortly before, and after a while, he realized he had no idea where she was heading. The way she took led deeper into the park, then onto a path between the trees that was clearly not meant for the visitors, and eventually towards a waist-high wooden fence.

Madeline stopped at the fence, took two breaths and then started to climb over it.

"Um, where are we going?" Mark looked around - this didn't seem to lead anywhere, just into more wooded area. "I'm not sure we're supposed to be here."

"It's fine," Madeline said with surprising confidence, jumping down on the other side of the fence. "Just come with me. It's not far from here."

Mark started to have a bad feeling in his guts, but he was still willing to see where this was going. After all, all his encounters with the women had been nothing but pleasant. Madeline probably had some sort of surprise planned for him, much like everybody had tried to make the occasion special. Maybe this was even the reason why she insisted that it had to be today.

Jumping the fence easily, Mark continued to follow Madeline. She was no longer running by now, just walking through the trees and the undergrowth that no one seemed to care about here. It was quieter than the rest of the place, too, almost like a piece of the original wooded area that had been here before people had made a park out of it.

And then, the trees suddenly opened, and on the clearing was a large shed, painted green, with a muddy pickup truck parked just to its side. A dirt path of car tracks led away from it.

"Come," Madeline said, walked over to the shed, opened the window on her side and started climbing through it.

"Whoa, stop!" Mark raised his hands. "That must be the place where the tools for taking care of the park are kept. We can't just break in there. What if someone sees us?"

Madeline looked to him. "No one will come here until well in the afternoon," she said. "I've already been here a few times. It'll be fine, come on!"

To Mark, this was starting to look more and more sketchy. "I don't know-" 

"Don't you want to try something a little thrilling for a change?" Madeline asked, slightly cocking her head to the side.

"So this is your idea of- Ah, fuck." Mark sighed. What had he been thinking? So many women, all very comfortable with their own sexuality - of course there would be a few who preferred kinky things, like making love in public places or, as in this case, seeking out a remote and slightly creepy location to get dirty.

Defeated, he followed Madeline through the window. The inside of the shed was almost exactly as he had expected it to be, just a good bit less covered in dirt as he would have feared. Two large motorized lawnmowers were standing near the entrance and there were all sorts of gardening tools - rakes, shears, hoes, shovels - in holders on the walls. Four large shelves with more tools and some large containers were the only visible furniture. The air smelled slightly chemical, probably some fertilizer in one of the containers.

What he didn't see was any place where the two of them could have comfortably laid themselves down.

"So," he turned towards Madeline, "what do you have in-"

"Hush," she said and covered his lips with hers.

A very passionate kiss followed, one in which she aggressively pressed herself against Mark, pushing her leg softly into his crotch and digging her nails into both of his buttcheeks. Mark could feel her longing for him, her desire to have him come what may, and in combination with the peculiar location she had chosen, the entire situation had something strange to it, something forbidden. To her, probably something arousing.

Trying to get into the same mood, Mark ran his finger through her hair, pulling the cap from her head and releasing even more of those stunning black curls. They now fell down almost to the middle of her back, a big part of what made her so attractive to him. He knew people who would have killed for having long natural locks like that.

After a short while, Madeline released him from her kiss, came back for a swift second peck on his lips but then immediately crouched down. Still looking up to him, she gave him an almost hungry smile, then reached for the running shorts he was wearing. She pulled open the strings with swift fingers and pulled down both the shorts and the briefs he was wearing at once, freeing his still mostly flaccid cock. Taking it into her hand, she longingly looked at it for a second or two, then suddenly took it into her mouth so quickly that it looked as though she had tried to bite it off.

Fortunately, as Mark could confirm, all she was doing was sucking down on it, and sucking down hard. It was definitely more than he was usually comfortable with; he normally preferred to get his cock half-hard by other kinds of foreplay before receiving any sort of stronger stimulation directly from it, and this very direct attention wasn't something he liked much. Still, what Madeline did - it worked, he found, and after a minute, it was starting to feel much better.
