 Originally, Mark had been planning to visit the "safehouse" again the following weekend and meet with Stephanie.

Holly had made him reconsider.

They had decided to meet again Friday night, this time at Holly's apartment, a rather smallish but neat little place on the fourth floor of an old-looking building in one of the less respectable parts of the city. Mark had expected only a little more conversation, but mere minutes after his arrival, Holly and he had been out of their clothes once again, fucking until both were sweaty and tired.

As Holly gently kissed his chest, relaxing on him after his third orgasm in a row, Mark couldn't help but chuckle softly.

"Heh."

"What?" Holly tilted her head slightly to the side and looked at him. "What's so funny?"

"This here," Mark said. "It's so unreal."

"Why'd you think that?" Holly asked, kissing his chest again. "You seem to be having fun, I certainly am having fun -- what's unreal about that?"

Mark looked up. "That you're going to have my baby," he said, "and Tanya, AND Stephanie, AND a number of other women I haven't even met yet. And that you still seem to be so... interested in me, even after yesterday."

"You're good," Holly smiled. "That's all there is to it. We fuck, and it's obvious that you care I have my piece of the fun. And besides, you know about our little secret. That makes it safe to continue meeting you. Can't think of a better way to relax."

"So you just asked to see me again so that we could fuck a little more?"

"Yeah, pretty much."

"Meh."

Holly pursed her lips in what looked like the mockery of a pouting face. "Aww," she said, "did my little boy expect more than that?"

"Sorta," Mark murmured. "I know that to you, it probably doesn't mean much, but I'm going to be the father of your baby, and I was hoping... well, that would count for a little."

"Honey," Holly smiled, "trust me when I tell you that you ARE already something very special and dear to me. More than any other man than I had before. More than anybody who gave me a daughter before. You're someone I can come back to, and even more importantly, you are someone I actually WANT to come back to. You have no idea how rare this is, and how special that makes you."

"It does?"

"Oh yes, it does."

Holly sat up on Mark's belly, and he could feel the wetness of her pussy on his skin. A good deal of it, he realized, probably came from him. Not that he bothered. Much. In fact, the sensation turned him on quite a bit, and he felt his dick stiffen again. Minutes after he had just come for the third time in a single evening.

Not that he would have complained about that, but slowly, something was starting to feel strange here.

"Say, Holly..."

"Mh?" The redhead ran her hands over his chest and shoulders.

"I know I'm technically not allowed to ask any questions about you girls and your... biological differences..."

Holly grinned. "Yup."

"...but could it be that being close to you somehow affects my biology too?"

"Sorry, can't tell you."

"It's kinda important to know for me," Mark continued. "I mean, you may be cool with being the next step in evolution, but no one asked me whether I was okay with, well, evolving."

"You're not evolving, silly," Holly chuckled. "That's not how it works. You're not going to turn into some mutant. Evolution means that your kids may be different from you. What are you thinking -- that fucking me somehow rewrites your DNA?"

Mark sighed. "All I'm thinking is that I could already fuck you again."

"Well," said Holly, "that's a thought I can get behind."

And with a smile, she mounted him.

***

The weekend passed quickly, and while Mark found his sexual stamina constantly increasing in Holly's presence, that seemed to be the only change in him. Neither did he feel any sort of nymphomaniac urges nor did his best buddy show signs of arousal when there was no or little reason to. And even in those cases, it didn't feel different than it had before.

The week that followed was nothing out of the ordinary for Mark. He continued his usual life, did his job, his workouts, pretty much what he would have done had he never met Tanya, or Stephanie, or Holly. He did as Holly had asked of him and stopped looking into Patricia Harland's affairs. He had a deal with these women, and he intended to keep it.

Eventually, Friday came, and Mark decided to pick up where he had left last weekend and return to the "safehouse". He hadn't seen Stephanie in two weeks now, and he was starting to wonder how she looked, pregnant with his kid in what had to be somewhere between the fourth and fifth month now, speaking in regular terms. Tanya would definitely have had his child by now, and even though Mark knew he couldn't demand to see the baby, he sure hoped Tanya would allow it.

Fueled by this hope, he took his car and headed back to the mansion in the woods right after work. It was just as easy to find as it had been the last time, and though it was already dark when he arrived, he found the place well-illuminated. This time, he took his car right before the "safehouse" and parked it there.

As he locked his car and started walking up the stairs and towards the entrance, the door opened, and a young woman stepped out. She was almost as tall as Stephanie at first glance, but much more slender, almost willowy, with straight hair down to her hips that looked some shade of brown in what little light fell on her. The combination of sleeveless blouse and form-fitting skirt looked incredibly elegant of her, and she reminded Mark of some fashion model.

"Good evening, Mark." the woman said. "You are Mark, right?"

Mark nodded. "I am. I don't think we've been introduced?"

To his surprise, a hint of a smile played around the woman's lips. "No. No, we haven't. I'm Mona. Please, come in."

She stepped to the side, and Mark walked into the mansion. Even though he had been here before, the dimensions of everything still impressed him. Mona led him through he antechamber into the parlor he already knew and pointed him towards the armchairs he already knew. "Please, take a seat," she said. "Do you want something to drink?"

"Yeah, a soda would be nice," Mark replied. "Are Tanya and Stephanie here?"

"Tanya's not here," Mona said, walking towards a cupboard and rummaging through it. "But aunt Steph is. In fact, she's the reason I'm here too. Gotta help her out in the next few weeks. Her baby's yours, right?"

Mark nodded, though he wasn't sure whether this was a good topic to discuss with someone he had just met, family or not. "Can I see her?" he asked. "She's the reason I'm back here."

"Sure, I'll ask her." Mona approached Mark and handed him a bottle of soda and a bottle opener. "Just a minute."

"Thanks."

As Mona walked out of the room (though "walking" didn't quite describe the grace with which she moved), Mark cracked open his soda and leaned back comfortably. Apparently, word about him was already spreading among the women, which made a lot easier. He only wished he knew more about them, not just regarding their "secret society" but also personally. Holly had been the first of them to share a few private details, but he didn't know much about Tanya or Stephanie aside from their sexual preferences. And now Mona... He wasn't even certain he was allowed to ask her any sort of personal questions.

Mark had only been waiting for a minute or two when the door to the parlor opened again. It wasn't Mona who came in, though. It was yet another woman, and to his surprise one who looked rather mousy, especially in comparison to Mona's fashion model appearance. Her hair was wavy and of a sorta dirty dark blonde, and she wore it in a thick ponytail, a good deal longer than Holly's. She was the shorter than any of the others, just over five feet, and she wore a sweater and rather loose-fitting jeans. From what he could see, she seemed rather plain, and the thick glasses she wore only added to that impression.

"Hey," he said, rising from the armchair as she entered. "I'm..."

To his surprise, the woman visibly flinched as he spoke to her. "Y-you're not supposed to be here!" she shrieked.

Mark held up both his palms. "Easy," he said. "I'm Mark. Haven't the others mentioned me?"

"They have." The woman kept her defensive stance and her distrustful expression."

"So?"

"No one told me you'd be here today."

Mark smiled. "Well, no one told me you'd be here today either. What's your name?"

The woman looked at him for the moment, and then she seemed to have made a decision."I- I'll be going."

"Uh..."

"Nice meeting you, Mark." She started moving again and headed for the exit with clearly hurried steps.

"Wait, I..."

That moment, the door from which she had come opened again, and Mona stepped into the room. "Tess?"

"Sorry, gotta run!"

"No, wait, Tess!" Mona quickly started walking towards her. "The satellite receiver's still acting up. Can you look over it again?"

Tess stopped in front of the exit door, hesitating. "Can't it wait until next week?"

"What, no internet for a week? And you want to leave me alone with Stephanie for that long when she can't watch her shows?" Mona stood with her hands on her hips. "Come on!"

With a sigh, Tess hung her head. "Alright," she said. "I'm on it."

Mona smiled. "Great. By the way, have you met Mark?"

"Uh, yes."

"Well, not really," Mark disagreed. "But maybe you could introduce us?"

Tess was fidgeting around nervously. "I'd rather..."

"Alright, so this is Mark," Mona happily started explaining. "Mark's that guy everybody's talking about. So you can relax around him; he's with us."

"O-okay..." Tess didn't seem quite convinced.

"And Tess here," Mona continued, "is our local IT and electronics witch. The good kind of witch. We'd call her Glinda, but she doesn't appreciate nicknames."

"So she's also one of your society?"

Mona smiled. "Family, not society, but yes, she's one of us. As you can see, we come in all sorts of sizes and shapes."

Tess visibly blushed at that remark. "I- I'll go and have another look at your sat."

"Yeah, that would be nice." Mona turned to Mark. "Oh, and before I forget, Stephanie's in the tub."

"Ah." Mark nodded. "So..."

"So you should definitely go see her now," Mona finished his sentence with a grin. "Second floor, turn right, third door on the right."

***

When Mark opened the door to the second-floor bathroom, he had already expected to be greeted by the same luxury visible in the rest of the mansion, so the enormous marble bathtub that covered most of the room wasn't much of a surprise to him. Neither was he surprised to find Stephanie relaxing in said bathtub, gloriously naked and looking even more curvaceous with her rounded belly and slightly engorged breasts. What did surprise him, though, was her choice of music: Cuban guitars? Really?

"Come on in," Stephanie cooed as Mark closed the door behind himself. "Nice of you to drop by. Were you feeling lonesome?"

"Not really," said Mark as he started to undress. "I've had plenty of company thanks to Holly."

"Ah, yes, Holly." Stephanie smiled to herself. "Yeah, that news spread quickly. You're the first one in a few years she's actually liked enough to have another daughter with. I'm a little surprised. I thought she was done with pregnancies."

Mark raised an eyebrow. "Really? She sure didn't make that impression to me. I mean, she even made a new rule for me..."

Stephanie interrupted him with a deep sigh. "Yeah, I know. Not the best idea she ever had, but then again, I suppose I can only blame myself for that."

"Mh?"

"After I told the others about the rules I set up for you, we had a lot of discussion about who had actually given me permission to make rules, well, and my argument was that someone had to start with it, and if the others had any other rules they wanted to bring up, they would have the same right to do that. No one thought Holly would interpret it like that, though."

"I certainly don't mind her idea," Mark smiled and took off his boxers, the last piece of clothing he had been wearing. "Certainly makes the situation more comfortable for me."

Eyeing his already half-stiff cock, Stephanie lay back in the bathtub. "Then why don't you start making the situation a little more comfortable for the two of us?"

Smiling, Mark joined her in the tub. The water was very warm, bordering on hot, but that sensation lasted only a few seconds until he had adjusted to the temperature. Then it felt very relaxing, and he moaned slightly as he sat down and let his shoulders sink under the waterline. He waited there for a few moments, but Stephanie made no effort to move towards him, so he approached her.

As soon as he was close enough, Stephanie slung his legs around him and pulled him close. Hugging him tightly, she started to kiss him with hungry lips, and Mark returned the affections in equal. Her rounded belly pressed softly against him, which felt very intimate and comforting to him, and he softly kneaded Stephanie's neck as her hands traced patterns over his back.

Within less than a minute, his cock was at full size, pushing against Stephanie's pregnant belly, and she slowly, almost reluctantly released her grip around him. Mark smiled and changed position so that he came towards her from a slightly lower angle, at the same time trying to guide his erection between Stephanie's legs with his right hand. He managed to find her entrance and started rubbing her clit with his tip, which brought out a sensual moan from her. Then, after a few seconds of sliding his dick up and down between her labia, he finally slid into her.

Stephanie felt every bit as good as he remembered her, and then some. The moment he entered her, she tightened around him, though only gently. Her pussy turned into the perfect sleeve for his cock, soft and warm, but at the same time also unbelievably arousing. Each of his thrusts felt like heaven, especially now that she seemed to be even more responsive to his movements. It had been very much like that with Tanya -- apparently, being pregnant made women like them especially sensual.

"Ooh yeah, just like that," Stephanie moaned as he increased the speed of his thrusts. "Take me! Show me what you got! Ooh, you do me so..." Her voice failed her for a moment as she closed her eyes, and then, with a shiver, she came, and her fingernails dug into Mark's shoulders. "Yyyesss," she moaned, "aaah! Oh yeah, yeah, yeah, yyy-" Her body bucked as she came right again, strong enough for her movements to splash a wave of water out of the tub and onto the bathroom floor.

Mark felt his own climax rise as well, even though it had only been minutes since he had joined Stephanie in the water, but that was okay with him -- since his recent "sessions" with Holly, he had usually been able to keep going for a second round, and a third after a short moment of recovery. Confident in his stamina, he just gave in to his orgasm, and with several quick thrusts of his hips, he fired his first shot deep into Stephanie's expecting pussy, only for her to suddenly cross her legs behind his hips and pulling herself as close to him as his second load went off, and then the tip of his cock kissed her cervix. Shots three, four and five went right into the deepest part of Stephanie, who softly whimpered as she held Mark very, very close.

As she slowly relaxed after a few seconds, Stephanie gave a deep sigh. "Aah, that felt good," she purred. "I've missed the feeling of your hot spunk in me." 

Mark chuckled. "Technically," he said, "you've had a little bit of my spunk in you for the last two weeks. How does that feel?"

"You could say the feeling's growing on me," Stephanie grinned, then suddenly started to look pensive. "Hm..."

"Something wrong?"

Stephanie looked down on her belly and softly put a hand on it. "I wonder how that felt for her right now," she said. "For my daughter."

"You mean..."

"Don't worry", Stephanie said, "you haven't hurt her. It's safe for me to have sex. I just can't imagine how much she already can sense at this time. You know, mothers sometimes sing to their unborn kids, or play Mozart for them because it's supposed to help them develop, mentally, I mean." She looked up at Mark. "Do you think I'm maybe already helping her, uh, sexual development this way?"

Mark snorted. "As though you any of you needed help with that."

"Hey!" Faking anger, Stephanie splashed some water into Mark's face.

"Isn't it true?"

"We're not all obsessed with having sex, you know," Stephanie said. "Some of us even... Well, some of us have a hard time coping with what they are. Finding out your biology is quite different from other people can be a bit of a shock. I mean, a body that can create life in just a few weeks? One could think that it must be your purpose to have as many kids as possible. Some of us, like Tanya, have great fun living that way. Others, though, want to be more than being just some machine that makes babies."

Mark raised an eyebrow. "But no one forces you to have children," he said. "Holly said it was perfectly normal if you don't dedicate all your time to-"

"It is perfectly normal," Stephanie nodded. "But there's peer pressure, you see. If everybody around you seems to be pregnant all the time, you might feel as if you don't live up to... well, expectations."

"Holly didn't seem to feel like that," Mark pointed out.

Stephanie smiled. "Holly's headstrong and confident in herself," she said. "There are others who aren't. Especially those who think they're not as pretty as most of us."

"Are you kidding?", laughed Mark. "There isn't a single one of you I've seen so far I wouldn't call pretty."

"Really?"

Mark nodded. "Really."

Stephanie's smile widened. "Then I think there's someone you should talk to..."

***

"Mona?"

Poking her head through the door, Tess looked around the room. "Are you here?", she said, stepping into the parlor. "The sat's working now. Mona?"

"She's outside stargazing, I think," Mark said, rising from the armchair he had turned around earlier so that he wouldn't be immediately visible in the room. He smiled.

Tess froze and turned slightly pale. "T-Then I'll go and tell her I fixed the-"

"I think she'll be able to see the stars even without the satellite dish", Mark chuckled and walked towards the smallish woman, casually cutting off her path to the exit door. "You're Tess, right?"

Tess nervously nodded, taking one step back as Mark approached her. Seeing her reaction, he immediately stopped and raised his palms. "Easy. I'm not going to hurt you."

"O-Okay?"

Mark tried his best to just show her a nice, friendly smile. "There's no reason for you to be nervous," he said. "Everything's fine. Stephanie told me all about you."

Tess's eyes widened, and she turned even paler. "St-Stephanie did?! She actually-"

"It's okay, really," Mark said. "No need to worry. Stephanie told me how you're feeling about the part you're playing in your family."

"O-Okay...?"

"And I wanted to tell you that that's perfectly fine with me." Mark gave her another warm smile. "I don't feel any differently about you than I feel about Tanya, or Stephanie. You're your own person, you do your own thing, and I think that's great."

Tess blinked at him, her face now slowly shifting from terror to confusion. "You, uh, think that's great?"

"Sure."

"Really?"

"Absolutely."

"So you're..." Tess took a deep breath and seemed to very slightly relax. "You're really not angry I hacked your phone?"

Mark's jaw dropped. "You what?"

In an instant, Tess was back at being terrified. "Aaaah! I thought you said Stephanie told you!"

"Stephanie told me that you- Never mind. You actually hacked my phone?"

Tess nodded and nervously retreated a little. "R-Right after you first showed up here. I mean, we had to be careful about you. Tanya said you were alright, but, well, Tanya isn't the best judge of character, and the others also agreed that we didn't really know anything about you, so I suggested we, uh, try and find out a little more, and the best way was to get into your phone, and I'm pretty good at phones, especially if they run on an older OS like yours does, and..." Her voice faltered, and she looked down. "Sorry."
