 My daughter Brenda has a friend who she works with and does body physic competition with. It's not body building as big muscular woman. But more of well toned evenly proportioned women. Her name is Lisa. Lisa is 5' 10" tall. Long black hair that goes just past the middle of her back. Green eyes, B cup boobs, cute little nose and the most perfect ass I have ever seen. 

When I first went to one of their competition and I saw Lisa up on the stage in her tiny swimsuit I felt myself getting hard. I am single but being 60 (many think I look late 40s) I would never have a chance with this 28 year old. Plus she was living with her boyfriend. I was just happy that she hung around my house a lot as my daughter still lives with me. 

It got to where Lisa called me Dad and always gave me a hug when she came over and when she left. If she only knew what was going through my mind has I hugged her and could feel her boobs crushing against my chest. I was happy with my Dad role and was often giving her advice with her carrier and her boyfriend.

It seemed her boyfriend and her were on and off a lot. He was verbally and occasionally physically abusive with her. She had spent many nights sleeping on our couch or the guest bedroom. 

One evening she came over to visit with my daughter. I overheard her say she is moving out. She can't stand her boyfriend anymore. She got an apartment but couldn't move in for 3 weeks. It's going to suck living with him until then.

Brenda said, "Why don't you stay here? I am sure my Dad won't mind."

Lisa said, "That would be great. But I don't want to bother you guys."

Brenda yelled out, "Hey Dad, mind if Lisa lives with us for a few weeks? She broke up with her boyfriend."

I came out of the kitchen into the living room to join them. "Sure, you can have the guest bedroom next to my bedroom."

"Why can't she stay in the extra bedroom upstairs next to my bedroom?" Brenda asked.

"Because I am working on converting that into a photo studio. I am almost done and not taking it down."

My daughter knows I do photography as a side business. But she doesn't know most of my work is boudoir photography. I was setting up a studio in which I could switch it from family style photos to boudoir style with just a few changes.

"That works for me. Can I move in tomorrow morning?" Asked Lisa.

"Sure. You can use the half bath off the bedroom. You can use the shower upstairs or my shower when I'm not using it." I told her.

"Awww darn, I was hoping I could use it when you are." She joked.

Just the thought of that made me blush and I felt a stir in my loins.

The next day she moved in and Lisa was like part of the family. Occasionally Lisa and my daughter had separate schedules so Lisa and I would have dinner together and watch tv. Sometimes she was home by herself as I have golf league on Tuesdays and play in a poker tournament on Thursdays. It was nice knowing someone was always there to let out my dog and watch the house.

One Thursday night I had crap for cards and was done in 45 minutes. I didn't feel like hanging around having drinks. Especially when I had a good looking young lady I could look at instead.

I walked in the door and was greeted by dog. I yelled hello but got no answer. I walked to the end of the house where my bedroom is to change clothes. As I walked around the corner to my bathroom there stood Lisa completely naked in front of the mirror doing her hair.

It had only been a few short seconds before she saw me in the mirror but I was able to take in all of her beauty. That perfect ass, B cup breasts with brown nipples and landing strip of black hair looking like a love trail to her pussy.

"Oh my God!" She yelled and tried to cover herself up.

"Sorry" I said as I turned and went back into my bedroom.

"What are you doing home? I thought you had cards tonight." She said.

"I do. But I lost and came home."

By now she came out from the bathroom with a towel wrapped around her covering up the parts I had just seen. "I am so sorry. I yelled but never got a reply."

"I probably was drying my hair and couldn't hear you. Oh well, I am sure you have seen a few naked women in your life time." Lisa said.

I laughed and said, "A lot more than you can imagine."

"Really?" She asked.

"Lisa, in my younger college days it was no big deal to have a one night stand. Now days being single and dating women are mature and don't mind going to bed on a first or second date. Plus, can you keep a secret?"

"Yes I can. What is it?" Lisa asked.

"My photography business. A lot of my work is boudoir work. We start off in a sexy dress. Then sexy lingerie. Finally nude with props."

"Wow, you must be sporting a hard on a lot of the time! Does Brenda know you do this?"

"No she doesn't. And no I don't get a boner. It's art to me. I focus on the shot not the desire. If you want I will give you a free photo shoot some time." I said.

"Let me get dressed. I want to see your studio."

When she came out of her room she had on some very short shorts and a tight t shirt on. She didn't bother putting on a bra as I could see her slightly hard nipples poking out. I followed her upstairs and watched her ass as part of the butt cheeks hung out.

I showed her how under the bed spread I had red sheets and under the red sheets were black sheets so I could quickly change. Then I put up a black back drop and moved the white fall couch in front of it. From there I showed her how I replaced the couch with a massage table and covered it a black sheet. I use light boxes and do darker shadow pictures. 

"Wow that is impressive." Lisa said.

"Just wait until you see this." I reached under the bed and pulled out two suit cases and opened it. She was in awe when she saw my large assortment of lingerie. 

"Wow you are really into your work. Okay, I want you to photography me." She said.

She picked out a red corset and black stockings and garter built. I left the room while she changed. When I cam back in and saw her I thought she looked amazing. She could have easily been in Playboy.

We did some shots with a mirror, some next to the window and some in the doorway. She then picked out a sexy teal green bra and panty set. I left while she changed. We id some shots of her on the bed in various positions and on a white background.

I had her slowly remove her bra as I took a bunch of photos. It wasn't long before she stood before me topless. I was surprised how easy it was for her to pose. She started to play with her breasts and nipples as I took picture after picture. For the first time in a long time I was getting aroused and she noticed.

"I thought you said you don't get aroused when you are taking photos. Or is that a big camera lens in your pants?" She said with a grin.

"Well this is different. You are much better looking than all the women I have done work for and having fantiz... I mean a fantastic lady like you makes a difference." I answered.

"Were you going to say fantasizing?" I blushed and didn't answer. "Wow what a compliment. My pretend Dad has the hots for me." She said with a little laugh.

"All right enough about teasing me. My boner will go away in a bit. Now put my white dress shirt on and get on your knees on the bed." I told her.

I did a bunch of photos in the shirt. Some where she was giving a tease of her breast and some showing everything. I added a tie to the shirt. Then took the shirt away and did some with just a tie. I had her lay down and draped a long string of pearls over her and did some shots.

I told her too take the stockings and garters off and put on the red G-String. While she did this I changed the backdrop to black and set up the massage table in front of it and covered it with a black bed sheet. I turned off all the lights and turned on one box light and put a filter over it so there was very low lighting. She stretched out on the table and I got a ton of sexy pictures.

"Are you ready for the next stage?" I asked.

"Sure, this is fun. But I can feel it in my body that it's not easy."

"Okay, take off everything and rub this massage oil all over you. Going to make you look shinny. " I handed her the oil and got the massage table out of the way while she greased herself up."

"You are going to have to do my back." She told me.

I gladly rubbed the oil onto her back. I shot about 100 pictures of her. Then I got a water bottle and mist her so it formed droplets on her body. I did close ups of her breasts, stomach, pussy and ass. There wasn't one bad shot.

"Okay, I think we have enough. You can shower again to get the oil off while I put things back in place here." I told her.

"Well I was thinking since you have a massage table and I already have massage oil on, you could give me a little massage. My muscles are a bit sore from holding poses."

The thought of having my hands on her beautiful body caused my erection to return. "Alright, hop onto the table." I told her.

Lisa got on the table and laid face down. I adjusted the head rest to make her comfortable. I admired this tall beautiful lady stretched out on the table in front of me. Her 5' 10" frame was the same as me but she was a good 65 lbs lighter than me as I have a bit of a Dad body. 

I started on her back. I have had plenty of massages and know what feels good so I just did what I had done to me. As I worked her back she moaned and said, "Mmmm that feels so good. You are just as good as the real thing."

After I got down to the small of her back I moved up and did her arms a bit. I moved down to her legs and started on her feet and moved up to her calves and thighs. Her legs parted a bit giving me a nice view of her pussy lips. My god, even those looked perfect. 

"You can rub my butt if you want." She told me.

How could I refuse? As I rubbed her firm ass my hands would also slide between her thighs. As I did this her legs would spread more apart to the point each foot was on the edge of the table. Several times I let my fingers gently run across her pussy lips. She never said anything. 

"Okay, all done, unless you want me to massage your front side." I said.

"Of course I do." She answered as she rolled over.

This was a whole different situation from just taking pictures. My cock was so hard it hurt and wanted to get out of my jeans. 

I went to work on her arms. Once done with them I stood at the head of the table and did long strokes up and down her torso. My hands went around the outside of her breast on the way down and between them on the way up.

I added a little more oil to my hands then as I started to go down her torso I went over her breasts and gave them a quick gentle massage then moved as far down as I could reach and gently massaged her mound above her pussy. Coming back I cupped her breast and massaged them a bit longer. I did this 3 times before I lingered longer on her breasts and rolled her now hard nipples between my fingers.

Lisa started breathing heavier. I could her slight moans of pleasure. I could see her hips rotating in pleasure. After 5 minutes of massaging her breasts I moved to her legs. I could see her pussy was wet. I didn't even waste time on her calves. I went right to her thighs and kept teasing her pussy lips. I moved to the side of the table and continued to rub her thighs with one hand and the other hand was massaging her breasts. 

I ran my middle finger lightly along her pussy lips and circled her clit. I could feel her wetness seeping out ever so slightly. I continued to run my finger up and down her pussy and ever so slightly I entered her pussy up to my first knuckle. Looking at her beautiful face her eyes were closed and her mouth was slightly open.

"Are you okay with me doing this?" I asked.

A soft whisper "Yes." Came from her mouth.

I slid my finger in deeper and felt her pussy was hot and very wet. I felt for her G spot. In a matter of seconds it responded by getting wrinkly like a raisin. She started to breathe deeply and her hips were moving slightly to the rhythm of my finger. 

I started to roll her nipple between my fingers and pull and pinch her nipple. I felt her other nipple was being cheated of attention so I lowered my mouth to her breast and gently licked her hard nipple a few times before I sucked her nipple into my mouth and flicked my tongue across it.

Her arm fell off the table and her hand went to my thigh. She found my hard cock and started to run her hand up and down it over my pants. 

I needed to kiss her. My desire for her was like I had never felt for any other woman. Regrettably I left her nipple to kiss her. When my lips touched hers it turned hot and passionate right away as her mouth opened and our tongues purged into each others mouths.

While we kissed her hand fumbled with my belt then button and zipper on my jeans until she was able to get her hand down my pants onto my cock. Somehow she had managed to work my underwear and pants down as they fell to the floor. 

Pre-cum oozed into her hand as she slowly started to stroke my cock. My thumb started to rub her hard clit while my middle finger worked her G spot. She started to stroke my cock faster and faster. I could tell she was getting close to having an orgasm as her hips were bucking up and down. I broke off our kiss so I could give her more room to stroke my cock. 

My right hand was going as fast as it could while it was working her pussy.

The silence was broken when she said, "Oh god, oh god, oh fuuuuucking god!" She yelled as she came hard on my hand.

With my finger still in her pussy she turned her head and guided my cock into her mouth. She took half my cock into her mouth and stoked my shaft. I continued to play with her clit sending shock waves occasionally through her body. 

I could feel my seed getting close to spilling. She must have sensed it as she took my cock out of her mouth and stroked it hard and fast. Splat, splat, splat my seed hit her chest. She just looked me into the eyes and smiled as her hips started to roll more as she was getting close to another orgasm.

I removed my fingers from her pussy and went to the end of the table and took her legs and pulled her body down so her pussy was at the end of the table.

I got on my knees and buried my tongue deep into her wet pussy. She tasted fucking amazing. After getting a good taste of her I started to lick and suck on her clit. I inserted two fingers into her wet pussy and pressed down towards her ass. It took all of two minutes before she repeated her words and came a second time.

"Oh my god Brian that was amazing. The only reason I stayed with my boyfriend was he knew how to give good oral. He doesn't even compare to you. Plus I can't believe how big your cock is."

"Lisa, you are the most beautiful woman I have ever met. If you only knew how bad I have wanted you but never thought I would ever have the opportunity. Thank you for making my fantasy come true." I told her.

"We are not done are we? I would love to continue on in your bedroom."

I smiled and held my hand out to her which she took as I helped her off the table. We gathered up our clothes and went to my bedroom.

She was on my bed before I could even put my clothes on the chair near my bed. I wanted this to be a night I would remember and wanted to do my best to impress her. I went into the bathroom and found my magic blue pills I occasionally would take and took one. I turned on the gas fireplace in my room and turned off the lights then joined her in bed. We kissed for a bit and explored each others bodies. It didn't take long before my cock was harder than before. 

I got between her legs and teased her pussy with the head of my cock. I rubbed it up and down her slit a few times before I slowly slid it in her and kept going until I was all the way inside her tight wet pussy.

"My god Lisa you feel wonderful." I told her.

"Fuck my pussy feels so full. It feels amazing. I am on the pill. I want you to cum inside me." She told me.

We fucked for a good 20 minutes in various missionary positions with Lisa having two orgasms before I finally came with her having her long legs over my shoulders. It was like an explosion I had never had before. I felt at least 6 ropes of my seed fill her pussy. When I let her legs down her pussy squeezed my cock draining every last drop out of me. 

When I finally pulled out I was still hard, thanks to my little blue pill friend. 

"Wow, you are a stud. Look at you still hard. Fuck me from behind I want to feel that big cock deep inside me."

She got up onto her hands and knees and moved to the edge of the bed. Standing behind her I just took in the view of her perfect firm ass. Long legs spread inviting me in. Her long torso and her jet black hair hanging off to the side. Looking into the mirror over my dresser I got a nice look of her tits hanging down.

I stepped between her legs and guided my cock into her pussy. Taking ahold of her hips I slowly started to fuck her pussy. I knew it was going to take me a long time before I could cum again. I tried to pace myself. After all I am old and stamina is not what it used to be. I honestly do not know how many times she came. But when I was getting close both of us were soaking in sweet. I was having a hard time holding onto her hips. There were a few times where I pulled out to far and had to guided myself back in. I was tempted to try to fuck her amazing ass. But I was not sure how she felt about that and didn't want to ruin a good thing. When I finally felt I was getting close, I reached up and took ahold of her shoulders and fucked her hard and deep. I felt myself shoot twice into her pussy. She collapsed onto the bed with me on top of her. I pulled my cock out and laid it between the crack of her ass. I could feel it starting to go semi soft. 

Her butt cheeks squeezed my cock and she giggled. 

I rolled off her and laughed. "You don't know how close I was to trying to fuck your beautiful ass. But figured you would freak out." I said with a smile on my face.

Lisa got up on her elbow and kissed me and said. "I am pretty sure I would have liked it. You can if you want too. But you have to go slow. You are very thick."

"Lisa, I would love too. But I doubt I can get it up again. Plus I am exhausted." I told her while still breathing hard.

"You lay there and rest. Let me see what I can do to fix the other problem." She said with a smile as she kissed her way down my body until she got to my cock.

Lisa oral skills were very good and she had a lot of patience. She did a lot of licking of my cock and balls and sucking before I started to respond. It felt good right away. But with my age it took awhile before I started getting hard. 

In 20 minutes I was back to fully hard and ready for more action. She spit on my cock a few times and slid the spit around so it was slippery. Then she looked up at me and said, "Let's get this cock in my ass."

She got on her hands and knees on the bed offering up her amazing ass. I stood next to the bed and placed the tip of my cock against her little star. 

She turned and looked back at me and with a devilish smile said, "Fuck my ass Daddy, fuck your little girl's ass nice and hard."

Fuck that turned me on. I couldn't help myself and I pressed my cock hard into her ass and was balls deep into her with one big push.

"Ouch! Fuck, that hurt." She yelled as her body jerked from the sudden intrusion.

"Sorry, you got me a bit over excited." I told her.

But I was in and felt nice and tight. She squeezed her ass cheeks together adding to the sensation. I slowly began to fuck her ass. We were both moaning with pleasure.

I held her hips as I fucked her. Occasionally giving her a hard thrust. I would lift her by the shoulders occasionally to kiss her and cup her breasts.
