 My daughter's pool party was a dream come true. It seemed all of the girls wanted me to fuck them and being the gentleman I am – how could I refuse!!

I had finished putting the beer in the refrigerator when I felt someone gently poke me in the back. I stood up and turning around saw Pam, another of my daughter's friends standing behind me.

"Hi Mr. J." she chirped, "Maggie said you were buying more beer. Can I have one please?"

A strawberry blonde, Pam wore her hair about shoulder length. She had green eyes and a pretty face. She was wearing a one-piece hot pink bathing suit that looked to be sprayed on her diminutive body. She was the first friend Maggie had met when we moved here six years ago and lived one street over from ours.

I reached into the frig and pulled out two bottles of beer. Handing her one I twisted the cap off my bottle and took a long drink of the cold amber brew. Looking at Pam I saw that she was having problems getting the cap off the bottle. Without a word I took it from her, twisted the cap off and handed the bottle back to her.

"There ya go," I said. "Wouldn't want you to hurt those little hands of yours on a bottle top." Turning I walked toward my den, thinking how good it would feel to stretch out in my recliner, sip my beer and rest a bit.

I had reached my recliner and was about to sit down when I was surprised to see Pam standing at the door. She had apparently followed me to the den from the kitchen. I waited for her to say something, but she didn't. She continued to stand there, one hand holding her beer the other on the doorknob.

She seemed to be trying to decide whether she should stay or head back up the hallway. "Pam, do you need something?" I asked.

Finally she appeared to make up her mind. Smiling at me she closed the door to the den, took a long swig of her beer and leaned against the door.

"Mr. J, I don't know how to ask this – but – I was talking to April a few minutes ago and she said... Well, she said you and she had... you know... Well - - did you?"

I felt my face turn red as I silently damned April and her big mouth. Speechless I just sat there fidgeting and alternately looked between my beer and the door behind Pam.

"Oh My God!! It's true!! I thought she was just feeding me a line of bull shit." Pam giggled and moved toward me. "Well if that's true than EVERYTHING else she said about you must be true too! Did you really fuck her against that wall?"

Pam was now only inches away from me staring up into my eyes. I watched her pink tongue dart out and circle her lips. My cock began to grow down my leg and I began to wonder why she was so interested in what had happened a couple hours earlier.

"OK, it's true," I stammered "April and I did have sex." As I said it I wondered why I felt so embarrassed by what had happened. After all, April is of age and no one forced her to do anything she didn't want to do. "But it was an accident and we just kinda got a little carried away."

"Little?" Pam scoffed, "That's not what April said. In fact she said it's huge. And that's why I'm here... I want to see how big your cock is Mr. J. Will you let me see it - - please?"

Three hours ago a question like that from this 18 year old little hottie would have stopped me dead in my tracks. Now, I only shrugged, smiled and said, "Help yourself Pam."

She dropped to her knees and set her beer on the floor. It was a race between her frantically trying to pull my shorts down and my cock growing harder and longer by the second. Finally Pam got the elastic band of my shorts past the head of my hard cock and pulled them to the floor. Freed, my cock swayed in the air gently bumping against Pam's cheek.

"Holy shit – it's bigger than I thought." Pam said in awe. She looked up at me and I could see the lust in her pretty green eyes. Seeing the same lust in my eyes Pam reached for my cock with both hands and guided the fat crown to her lips. 

Amazed I watched as inch after inch of my cock disappeared into her mouth. She'd stop for a second and I'd feel her teeth gently touch the fat tube sliding into her throat than she would swallow another inch or so. Finally she had all eight inches in her mouth and down her throat. Her hands were now caressing and massaging my balls.

I knew I wouldn't last long since I hadn't gotten off while I was finger fucking Lisa. Apparently Pam felt it too as she pulled my cock from her throat like an old time sword shallower.

Pam stood up and pulled the straps of her bathing suit off her shoulders. Reaching out I grabbed them and pulled the suit the rest of the way down her body, dropping it into a heap at her feet. She hadn't been in the sun too much as there was only the faintest tan lines on her creamy white skin. She had small tits and her areolas were very large and puffy. Her nipples were small by comparison and barely stuck up from her tits.

As I looked down to her pussy I almost chuckled. She has shaved her pubic hair so it looked like an arrow pointing to top of her hot cunt. Just then Pam brought two fingers of her left hand to the top of her cunt and began to furiously rub her clit.

"Fuck me Mr. J." Pam pleaded. "I want that fat cock of yours in my ass."

This did stop me in my tracks. "You want me to fuck your ass?" I questioned. In my entire life I had only fucked three women in the ass and one of those times did NOT turn out well.

"Yyyeeeessss," Pam hissed as her fingers became a blur as she worked her cunt. "I can't let anyone fuck my pussy but I love having my ass fucked."

I pulled her to me and grabbed her little titties, squeezing her puffy nipples. My mouth clamped on hers as my tongue snaked down her throat. Pam moaned and I could feel her hand circle the head of my cock. She pulled my cock to the lips of her drooling cunt and rubbed it up and down her slit.

Without warning Pam pulled back from our kiss, turned around and bent over the armrest of my chair. Her hand guiding my now slick cock head to her puckered little asshole. Siding her hand back to the base of my cock she pushed my cock against her waiting ass. The feeling was intense as the head of my cock parted Pam's tight sphincter.

"OOOhhhhhh God you're fucking big" Pam moaned as my cock split her asshole. "Push you mother fucker. Push you big fat cock into my ass God damn it."

Any concern I had about hurting her disappeared. Leaning forward I put all my weight into one massive thrust forward. My cock disappeared into Pam's asshole until my balls slapped against her wet pussy. Pam sucked in a huge breath as my cock bottomed out in her.

We stood like statues for about 30 seconds, neither moving, barely breathing. It felt like the skin had been ripped off my cock as it had disappeared into her incredibly tight hole. I could feel her pulse against my cock as her ass squeezed my cock even harder. Finally I slowly pulled back about two inches and then pushed forward until I was buried to the hilt again.

"I have never fucked anything so tight in my life." I whispered in her ear reaching around to pinch and maul her tits again. Our slow fucking continued for a few minutes and I could feel the pressure reduce as her ass became used to my cock.

Pam started to respond to my fucking and I could feel her begin to push back to each of my thrusts. Her hand was busy in her cunt again and every time my balls would slap against her she would gently massage them until I pulled away for another stroke.

"I feel like I've got a telephone pole shoved up my ass," Pam moaned, "and god I love this feeling." 

I was now pulling back farther and farther with each stroke. Pam in turn had adjusted to my rhythm and would shove her ass up to meet my downward thrusts. Our fucking gained speed as well. Now all but the head of my cock was pulled from her ass before ramming back into her.

We both began to moan. I could feel my orgasm building in my balls as we slammed against each other. My breathing was labored, it felt like I had just run a 23 mile marathon. I was gulping air and sweat was poured down my face, stinging my eyes. I moved my hands from Pam's tiny tits to her slim waste and savagely pulled her to me as hard as I could. This had the effect of pushing my cock even deeper into her ass.

She screamed as I impaled her on my hard cock. I could feel her ass contract around me as a huge orgasm took control of her. My own cum roared up the length of my cock and into her. Spurt after spurt burned its way thru my cock and into her hole. As my orgasm subsided my strength disappeared and I laid on top of Pam's back, my cock deep inside her. 

I don't know how long we stayed like that. My breathing finally returned to some state of normalcy and I very unsteadily lifted my torso off of Pam. As I pulled back my wilting cock popped out of her ass. Leaning against the back of the chair I wiped the back of my hand across my eyes to clear the sweat from them.

That's when I saw my daughter Maggie leaning against the wall just inside the door. When she saw me she smiled, gave me a thumbs up and quietly slid thru the door, noiselessly closing it.

Pam pushed herself up and sat on the arm of the recliner. Her tits were now an anger red color from the torture I had given them. The lips of her cunt were also puffy and red from her own assault.

She leaned over and pulled my head down to her face. Kissing me on the cheek she whispered, "That's the best fuck I've ever had Mr. J. You have got to promise me that you'll fuck me again – please?" I nodded my head and Pam picked up her bathing suit and quickly headed for the door. "I've got to use the bathroom. It feels like you dumped a gallon of cum into my poor little ass"

For my part I was beat. I didn't even bother to try to find my shorts; I just dropped onto the cool leather of my recliner and closed my eyes. I HAD to rest...