 As an author, I want to take this opportunity to thank a mentor and friend for her gracious assistance in my writing and in this story. She corrects, suggests, compliments, and amazes me always. She knows who she is --- Thank You.

Her only problem is that she never trusted or believed me. 

Ladies and gentlemen we need a welcome home.

I came home through heavy traffic. The freeway was clogged, and I passed several accidents. It was hot and I had the car's air-conditioner running full tilt -- not a good idea in stop-and-go because the engine can overheat - but I wanted to get home to my beautiful wife and family for the long three day weekend.

As I pulled down the street, I noticed fewer cars than normal and assumed neighbors were heading out of town for the weekend. If it weren't for stuff I had scheduled around the house and yard, we'd be heading out with them. We live in a small gated community in Southern California.

I pulled into the driveway and noticed my son's car was gone. He was probably with friends I thought. I parked in the garage, locked the door and walked around to the front door. Our three bedroom house has a nice living room entrance and includes a family and separate dining room. Oh and there is a small closet on the left as I come in that we use for storing stuff like rainy day gear, a broom for the porch and my attaché case.

Beverly, my wife has done absolute wonders with the house, turning it into a showplace home in the three years since we moved in. She is thrifty and has a way of spotting bargains and knowing what and where to look for what she wants. She could have a successful interior decorating business if she was so inclined -- because she is that good.

As I unlocked the front door and entered, I noticed all the front room drapes had been closed. It was late evening, but there was still some light left outside and we normally don't close them until it gets dark. Right now, inside the house, the room was already quite dark. I walked across the soft carpet to the closet, pulled open the door and started to put my case away. As I was bending over, I turned my head and shouted "Beverly? I'm home! Are you okay? How come the drapes are closed?" As I turned back, I was almost knocked off my feet.

My five foot four inch tall Beverly, had hidden behind the edge of the closet. She now jumped out and wrapped her arms around my neck. I struggled to maintain my balance and reached for her. She was in my arms and wearing only the slightest wisp of a black lacy outfit that fully displayed her ample charm. It was one of my favorites that we reserve for special occasion love making. It is one piece and wraps around her neck, has no back and a simple loose drape between her legs and snaps on only one side. She always looks sensuous in it and I get the opportunity to marvel at her body. I always marvel at her body.

She gives me a deep passionate kiss and probes for my tongue. When she finds it, she pulls it deeply into her mouth and hangs onto it. She presses her body hard against my hips, and I know she can tell what she's doing to me. You can't believe my thrill. A moment later, she drops to her knees on the carpet, takes the case in one hand and glances back to place it in the closet. Meanwhile, her other hand is busy with my belt.

With the case out of the way, she uses both hands and releases the belt, loosens the clasp and unzips my trousers. The trousers fall around my ankles above the shoes. She now bends forward and places her cheek against me while she reaches around to pull down my briefs. She draws the briefs down past her cheek without pulling back and her cheek is holding down my manhood. When the briefs have joined the pants, she starts to withdraw -- but, with her head turned sideways and my savage hard on, my cock springs up and slaps her nose.

She laughs and pulls back. She looks up into my eyes and says "give him to me?" I smile, reach down and grab it around the base with one hand and walk forward to present it to her. Now, with it a breath away from her mouth, she takes it in both hands and looks up at me. She smiles as her tongue comes out and she tastes it. Still holding with two hands, she begins to move the flat of her tongue around and in. When she arrives at my base, she returns the same way. She wraps her tongue around me, still looking up and smiling at me. Now she takes the head between her lips and begins a sort of' French kiss with it. She continues to look up and I can tell she is smiling inside. She moves her head in and I move to hold the back of her head. 

Instantly she rears back and says "No! Don't touch me, this is mine." I pulled my hand back and she smiles again as she takes me fully into her soft, sweet mouth. My hand other hand has never left its position, but now she pushes it away also. I move both hands to the frame of the closet doorway and lean forward at an angle. I hang onto that doorway because I know where we're headed and I don't want to fall when we get there.

I watch, but can't touch. I can see almost all of her sweet ass with its two fabulous cheeks. I can also see her breasts where they've been freed by her movements as her garment gathers the material between them. Her nipples are fully extended. I can barely make out her enticing thighs resting on her gorgeous calves because the black lace now covers them

She begins the magic that a charming and willing woman possesses to arouse, sustain and cause a release from her man. Her hands tease magically and one of them now fondles my balls. She cups, gently squeezes, and then kneads them while continually sucking and stroking my cock. Her tongue swirls magically around its head each time as her mouth is drawn back. The effect is electrifying and tantalizing. Each time I can feel my cock's head at the opening of her throat and I can feel the top of her tongue and the muscles at the back of her throat constrict to raise my level of excitement.

One of her hands is stroking as she bobs her head, and the other hand is still working its magic. Suddenly, I feel her tense and sense her own release as she climaxes. She draws her head back, takes a deep breath, rotates her hips and says, "Wow!" and then she resumes her ministrations. Twice more she climaxes and on the last one she looks up again, but this time, still smiling, she says, "I didn’t know I could do that."

The excitement of the experience, the willingness of the most beautiful woman in the country, the joy of watching her and seeing her experience something new, is too much for me. I tell her that I'm about to cum, but this time, instead of drawing back, she sucks harder and plunges her face into me. She never swallows, preferring to spit into a tissue, but this time she takes it all. She starts to cough as my balls contract and explode again, but she manages to continue to take it. I didn't know that each gonad can cum separately or the two of them can team up and fire at once -- mine just fired in perfect synchronism, and I feel completely drained. My arms at the door are weak, but somehow I manage to stay upright.

She continues to look up at me with her beautiful, huge brown eyes as she sucks out the last trace. Now, she pulls back and cleans me. She is still smiling as she leans back on her feet. She says "That is what I've been missing? Why didn't you tell me? It was incredible, did you like it?"

I fall sideways to rest my ass on the carpet next to her, and I'm still breathing hard. I asked her if she really did cum and she shook her head and told me that it's never happened before, but she was going to make up for it soon. I put my arm around her shoulder and then pulled her to me and up onto my lap. I thank her for this incredible experience, kiss her and I manage to get my share of sorely missed 'fondling' in.

"Where are the kids?" I ask.