 He slipped his arm around her back and his hand moved under the hem of her shirt.  Her skin felt warm against his cold, nervous hands.  Dave's experience with women was minimal at best, and his mind raced as he thought about what was actually happening.  He had a beautiful young woman in his arms, and was scared and excited of what might happen next.  

Amanda quickly regained his attention when she ran her hand down his stomach and over the crotch of his tightening jeans.  His excitement was very apparent.  Her hand caressed his thigh and moved back up to his belt and began to undo it.

Dave's hands had worked their way up her shirt and made their way to her smooth, bra -covered breasts.  They felt firm in his hands, but still soft and pliable.  He could feel her nipple hardening against the palm of his hand.

“Dave... DAVE!!!  Wake up man!!!”, his friend yelled as he punched Dave in the shoulder.  “You dozed off man, class is over.  Let's go.”

Dave looked up toward the door just in time to see Amanda walk out of the room, glancing over her shoulder and smiling at him as she disappeared.

It was all a dream.

***

Dave was 18, a college freshman..  He had met Amanda briefly when they were both moving into their respective dorm rooms.  They lived in the same building.  Since moving in three weeks ago, they had run into each other pretty much daily, and shared two classes on their schedules.  Both of which were impersonal lecture hall type classes with in excess of 200 students each.  Sometimes they walked back from class together and chatted about school and life in general.

Dave had learned that Amanda was a cute, outgoing, intelligent, and most importantly to him, single young woman.  Come to find out, they had grown up only two towns apart in the thriving metropolis of metro Detroit.  They often talked about home, which they were both now several hours from, and both a little homesick.  

Dave had spent his formative years focused on school, and had earned himself a 3.85 GPA by the time he had graduated from high school.  Since he spent so much time with his studies, he hadn't really had time to participate in the typical high-school male act of chasing women.  He had been out on a few dates, but they never developed into any sort of relationship, and he had never gone beyond kissing and maybe the occasional grazing of a breast over the young woman's shirt before she stopped him.  He was a clean slate sexually, and hoped that would change soon.

Amanda was much the same as far as sexual experience.  She too devoted most of her time to school, and had not been out on many dates, though she received much attention from the boys at her high school.  

***

When Dave got back to his dormitory, he laid down on his bed and fell asleep.  He woke up later to realize that he had fifteen minutes to get to the cafeteria before they closed for the evening.  He rushed downstairs in hopes that there was some decent food left.  When he got to the cafeteria, he loaded up his tray with food and glanced around the room to see if anyone he knew was there so he didn’t have to eat alone.  Not seeing anyone he recognized, he made his way to an empty table.

Just before he got to his target table, he noticed that the girl sitting alone at the table next to his intended seat was none other than Amanda.  He went up to her and asked her if she would mind if he sat with her.  

Amanda's face lit up with a smile when she realized who it was.  Dave sat down and began to eat, while talking to Amanda about that day's Psychology lecture.  Dave's meal was soon done, and Amanda had his undivided attention.  They continued on with small talk for a little while longer, until the cafeteria workers started to kick people out so they could close up.
On their way out of the cafeteria, Amanda asked Dave if he knew of any parties tonight, being that it was Friday and all.  Dave's newly forming social circle were not the partying types, so he didn't know of anything happening.

Amanda asked, “Do you want to do something later? Maybe get some coffee or just hang out or something?”  Her nervousness was apparent in her voice. 

Dave replied, “I'd love to, when do you want to meet up?”

“I'll call you, i need to take a shower and whatnot”

Dave and Amanda parted ways and headed off in the direction of their rooms.

Later on, Amanda called Dave and asked him to come down to her room.  He headed down to her room and knocked on the door.  

When Amanda answered the door, Dave's jaw almost hit the floor.  Whenever he had seen her around campus or in class, she always wore jeans and a t-shirt, her wavy brown hair in a ponytail, her cute yet nerdy glasses framing her big brown eyes.  He had always thought she was cute, in that girl-next-door sort of way.  Tonight she looked different.

Dave looked through the doorway to see Amanda dressed in jeans as usual, but they were very low on her hips, and very snug in all the right places.  Her pink top was tight, with a deep v neck showing off just enough cleavage to catch his eye.  Her hair was down for once.  She looked beautiful.  

“Are you going to come in, or are you just going to stand there and gawk?” Amanda said with a devious smile.

Dave walked into her room and she sat him down on the futon.  She sat down close to him and flicked on the TV.

“I don't really feel like wandering around the neighborhood looking for an overcrowded house party. Let's just hang out here and watch a movie, or something.” Amanda said.

They began watching a comedy which was on cable.  As the movie went on, Amanda moved closer to Dave, and before long was curled up next to him, her head on his shoulder.  Dave spent half of the movie working up the courage to put his arm around her.  When he finally did, she looked up at him and smiled.  He leaned down and kissed her on the forehead.  She scooted up so they were eye to eye, put her hand around behind his neck, and pulled him towards her.  

Their lips met in a soft, passionate kiss.  Dave pulled back in astonishment after a couple of seconds. He began to speak, but Amanda stopped him.

Amanda said, “Look, I’ve noticed the way you act around me, and I know you're interested in me.  But I also know you have about as little experience with women as I do with men.  I'm as nervous as you are, but I’m feeling very frisky right now, and from the looks of it, you're in the same boat.”  

She glanced down at the growing bulge in his pants and looked back up into his eyes.  Dave blushed in embarrassment.

“It's ok Dave, don't worry, it's flattering to know that I am somewhat responsible for this,” Amanda said as she ran her hand down his stomach and lightly brushed over the bulge in his pants.  Dave moaned out loud and though he was  going to lose it right there.  He took the hint and moved in for a second kiss. This time it was much more intense, their lips parted, and he felt her tongue sliding slowly across his lower lip.  They continued to kiss and caress each other's bodies as she worked her way over until she was straddling his lap.  

His hands had found their way up her under her shirt and his fingers were outlining the underside of her bra-covered breasts.  She lowered her body into his lap, filling his hands with her perky smallish breasts, and grinding her pelvis into his now full on erection.  

She broke the kiss and leaned back slightly.  Her hands grabbed his shirt and pulled it over his head. She then pulled her own shirt off, revealing a pink sheer bra.  Dave could see her small dark nipples pressing against the thin shiny material, ready to burst through.  

“You look gorgeous, absolutely gorgeous,” Dave squeaked out, barely able to speak.

Amanda moved her hands up from her hips over her flat tummy and cupped both breasts, kneading them in her hands.  She pulled Dave into her cleavage and continued to grind herself into his erection.  

Dave reached between her breasts and unhooked the tiny clasp.  Her bra sprung away from her breasts, and they sprang free, perky and round, absolutely delectable, he thought.  His hands found them quickly and began to knead them, taking her nipples between his exploring fingers.  

Amanda kissed him again deeply, then got off of his lap and stood up.  She stood in front of him, and reached for her belt.  She undid her belt slowly, and then went for the button of her jeans.  She unzipped her jeans and slid them down over her hips, revealing pink sheer string bikini panties which matched the bra which was now on the floor in her growing pile of clothing.  She turned around and bent over, sliding her jeans down her legs, giving Dave a good view of her round, full ass.  Dave couldn't help but notice the wet spot on her panties and became even more turned on, if that was possible.  

She stood back up and turned around.  At this point Dave noticed that he could see the outline of her swollen pussy lips, and realized that there was no hair visible.  She reached out and grabbed his hands and pulled him to his feet.  She kissed down his stomach and began to undo his pants.  She pulled his pants down, his erection standing straight out against his boxers.  

“What do we have here, I’ve never seen one of these up close before,” Amanda whispered.  

She pulled his boxers down slowly, revealing the first erect cock she'd ever seen.  She stared at it in amazement.  Amanda stood up and kissed Dave again, her hand slowly stroking his dick.  He moaned into her mouth.

Dave began caressing her ass, and slid his hand around to the front of her panties.  He could feel the wetness, she was soaking wet.  He ran his finger along her panty-covered slit and she moaned out loud. He hooked his fingers in the sides of her panties and slid them down her legs.  

He ran his hands back up her thigh and cupped her mound.  He was right, she was completely shaved.  He could feel the heat emanating from her pussy, and he could feel the wetness dripping out of her.  

“You feel so good, so smooth.”

“You like it, I’d never done that before, but I messed up when I was shaving in the shower, so I just took it all off.”

“I love it, it's so sexy,” Dave said.

Dave's fingers parted her pussy lips and he found her little clit, dragging his finger across it.  Amanda jumped and moaned loudly, grinding herself into his hand.  He moved his finger in a small circle, slowly increasing his speed.  Amanda kept moaning and grinding against him.  He stopped.

“Why did you stop?” Amanda pleaded, catching her breath.

“I want to go down on you, I want to taste you,” Dave replied.

Dave laid Amanda down on the futon and spread her legs wide.  This was the first time he had actually seen her pussy, or anyone's pussy for that matter, up close.  It was pale pink, with full outer lips.  The inner lips barely peeked through between the puffy outer lips.  She was oozing wetness and he could smell her arousal. 

Dave began kissing her inner thigh and moved towards her anxious pussy.  His tongue started at her opening and he made one slow pass all the way up to her clit.  When his tongue touched her clit, her hips bucked up into his face.  He slid one of his fingers into her tight opening,  it was so hot, so wet, so inviting.  He couldn't wait until the day he could slide his dick into a pussy.

“Right there, keep doing that, I’m going to come any second,” Amanda forced out between heavy breaths.  Her hands had began playing with her nipples as she writhed about in anticipation.  

Dave concentrated on her clit, forming a good rhythm.  Within a minute, Amanda was screaming and bucking her hips wildly.  Her pussy gushed her girlcum all over Dave's face.  He lapped it all up, all he could.  When she finally came down from the best orgasm of her life, Dave moved up her body and kissed her.  Amanda could taste her juices on him, and it turned her on even more.

They both laid next to each other for a few minutes, laying close and holding each other.   Amanda's hand moved down Dave's body and found his still hard erection.  She began stroking it slowly.  After a minute or two, she sat up and slid down his body.  Dave knew what was about to happen but he didn't believe it.  

Amanda lowered her head onto his cock, letting her lips drag down the shaft as she took all of it into her mouth.  She drew it back out.  Dave moaned.

 “Oh my god, that feels so fucking good.”  

She continued to suck on him slowly for a few minutes until Dave spoke up.  

“Amanda baby, I’m gonna come soon, your mouth feels so good, i can't hold it much longer.”  

She looked up at him and he could see the sparkle in her eye.  She let his cock go and moved up towards his face.

“Dave, I want you inside of me.  I want you to fuck me, now,” Amanda said with a serious look on her face.

“I don't have any condoms, are you on the pill?” Dave questioned.

“Yeah, I’m on the pill, now hurry up and do this, I can't wait any longer”

“Are you sure you want to do this, this is a big decision for both of us”

“Yes, please, i want to feel you sliding in and out of me, filling me up, I need this, we both need this!” she panted.

Amanda rolled over and pulled Dave on top of her.  He positioned the head of his cock at her still sopping opening.  She could feel his head parting her virginal lips.  He began to move his hips towards her, his cock inching into her.  It was like nothing he had ever felt before, it was incredible.  She was so tight, so warm, so wet.

He continued to enter her slowly, until he felt some resistance.  He stopped.  

“Just do it, I want you to get it over quick, I need you to pop my cherry,” Amanda pleaded.  

Dave plunged his cock the rest of the way into her until he was buried to the hilt.  Amanda cried out in pain, a solitary tear ran down her cheek.  Dave stopped.

“Are you alright, I’m sorry, I didn't mean to hurt you,” Dave said with true concern in his voice.

“Yes, I'm fine, it feels really good having you inside me, filling me up,” Amanda said, relieving Dave's fears. “Now just take it slow and smooth, I wanna feel you sliding in and out of me, this feels incredible.”

Dave obliged Amanda's request and began moving in and out of her slowly, taking in these new feelings.  After a few minutes, Dave could feel his orgasm building up pressure like a bomb about to go off.  

“I'm gonna come now, i can't take it anymore,” Dave screamed out.  

“Come inside me, I’m almost there,” Amanda responded, her body starting to tense up with her orgasm only seconds away, as Dave's orgasm burst within her.

Dave groaned and buried his cock as deep into her as he could.  She could feel him pumping his come inside her, and she herself let loose the most powerful orgasm of her life.  As their orgasms subsided, both of their bodies gave out, they laid face to face.  Dave rolled over, taking Amanda with him, her now laying on top of him.  He kissed her. 

“That was incredible,” Dave said, still trying to catch his breath.

“Yeah, wow, that was intense, I loved it.  I know what we're going to be doing all weekend, do you have anything else you need to do this weekend?” Amanda asked with an evil grin on her face.

“Nope, i was free, but now I’ve got a full schedule.”  Dave leaned in and kissed her again, and they both fell asleep, Amanda laying on top of Dave, both naked as the day they were born, and both happier than they'd been in a long time.

The End.


***

Well folks, this was my first attempt at writing.  Please leave me comments at anonwriter@SexMagnet.com .  

Thanks, and I hope to hear lots of feedback. 