 The Whole Story: Ch. 01

Dave Stearns drove up the long gravel driveway to the suburban ranch in the service truck noting the absence of any life. "Great!" He thought, "A twenty mile drive for nothing." He decided to check the house, just to make sure no one was home. The dispatcher promised there would be someone to let him in to repair the plumbing in the elegant looking house. He noted the time on the log sheet. "It was going to be another hot one, if its already 85 degrees at nine-thirty in the morning." He thought. Dave got out of the truck and picked up the red tool box he used for plumbing. After knocking at the front door, and receiving no response, he went around the back to see if anyone was there.

A large privacy fence surrounded the yard, but Dave could hear rock music blaring beyond the gate. He opened the gate and walked around the house. There was a large, cool-looking pool with a woman laying in the sun on the far side. The boom box throbbed next to her. As he walked up to the lady, he noticed her excellent tan and skimpy swim wear. She laid long in the sun. Her long blond hair was pulled to one side, revealing a cute face with full, pouty lips. Her eyes were closed in reverie as she listened to the throbbing beat of the music. The bikini bottom was a french cut - a mere string which disappeared in the incredible depths of her full ass cheeks. There were simple bows on each side of her flared hips, which almost held the "garment" in place. Dave noticed she wore no top, and none was near either. Her long, tapered legs were slightly parted, revealing a small patch of cloth that pressed into the dark slot of her crotch. A slight sheen of perspiration covered her body.

The effect of close observation of this beauty put a major amount of stress upon his short cut-off's ability to restrain the monster that was growing in them. At twenty-one, his body was in good shape. Dave's stomach was taut, and muscles bulged in all the right spots (especially the one in his pants). He walked up to the woman, and quietly asked if she had called for service.

The young woman jumped at the sound of his voice. She partially raised from the thick beach towel, exposing a full breast and turgid nipple. She raised up on her forearms, but kept the tips of her breasts pressed against the towel. "I'm sorry. I didn't hear you come in." She apologized. Her brown eyes smiled as she noticed the firmness at the front of Dave's raggedy cut- offs. "Are you here to fix the plumbing?"

"Yeah, I'm Dave with Speedy Home Repairs." He said as his eyes locked on her body. "You look nice and comfortable." He mentioned as he set his tool box down by the pool.

She flicked her long hair over her shoulder, re-exposing the nipple of one tit. She turned on her side, trying to keep her tits covered by pressing them to the towel. The front of her bikini bottom was a thin black "vee" that showed a slight tuft of blond pussy hair peeking out over her mons. She had no tan lines. "My name's Vicki. I don't think there's really much of a problem. My step-mother's the one that called, and she didn't tell me what it was. You don't mind waiting until she gets back to find out, do you?" She asked lazily scratching an itch on her inner thigh.

"Do you know how long she'll be, Vicki?" Dave said as he licked his dry lips. The head of his cock peeked out from under the leg of his shorts. It was being pinched as it grew with sexual arousal.

Vicki's eyes were glued to Dave's bulging crotch. Her breasts flushed with excitement. "I think she went shopping down at the mall, she should be back in an hour or so, Dave." She smiled sweetly. Her dark eyes looking deep into his green one's. "Why don't you take off your shirt and join me for some rays?" She invited, flexing one tapered leg so he could see the tiny string as it disappeared in between her pouting sex lips.

"I suppose I could wait a bit." Dave replied, stripping off the shirt. He tried to adjust the monster in his pants discreetly. A smile crossed Vicki's lips, followed by the tip of her tongue. "Dave, see that bottle of lotion over by the lounge?" She asked pointing a long, slim finger and a full, bouncy tit at the patio behind the house. "Would you mind putting some on my back?" I'm afraid I'll burn."

He stood, walked over to the patio, retrieved the bottle of baby lotion, and returned to her side. He stood over her for a moment, taking in the gorgeous view of her nearly naked sexuality.

Her eyes were even with Dave's crotch. See looked it over slowly, admiring the fullness in the garment, before stretching out on her front. The movements had caused the strings of the bikini to bury themselves into her pussy and ass. She slid a hand under her pelvis and relieved the pressure by slipping her fingers between the garment and her pussy. Standing slightly behind her, he watched as two fingers slid through the moist slot, lingering a little longer than needed. Her fingers were damp when she pulled them out and laid her head down. She closed her eyes.

As Dave sat down beside the nubile woman, he could smell the heady aroma of her sex. He popped loose the top snap of the cut- off's to give his dick some breathing room. "This babe is hot!" He thought. And he meant more than temperature. It had been several weeks since Dave had felt any type of real relief, sexually, except for his hand. He'd just finished another grueling spell of study and finals at the local University. Most of his friends had gone home for the summer, and he hadn't developed any new partners yet. He knelt by her hips, and unscrewed the top of the clear bottle. He squirted the warm liquid on his palms, rubbed them together, and gently began to spread the slippery oil over her soft shoulders.

She pulled her hair out of the way. Exposing her slender neck. "Umm." Vicki murmured. "That feels good, Dave." She encouraged softly.

Taking her hint, he switched from rubbing on the lotion to massaging in the lotion. His large hands firmly kneaded her pliant shoulder skin and muscles. "You feel tight." He commented. "Let me work on some of your kinks while I wait for your step-mom."

Vicki nodded her assent. She re-arranged her body to allow Dave easier access. He straddled her thighs. The front of his pants pressed into her ass. The young man rocked forward and continued his ministrations to her taut muscles. His thumbs firmly rolled the muscles between them and the flats of his fingers. He ran his hands up the back of her slender neck and then out over her shoulders. He spread his fingers wide as he massaged the muscles over her shoulder blades and down her spine. He squirted more lotion on her back. She squirmed as the warm liquid splashed and ran down the smoothly tanned surface. Goose bumps appeared momentarily along the fine blond hair of Vicki's upper arms. He massaged those surfaces, developing a circular pattern of: neck, shoulders, upper arms, shoulder blades, and spine.

"God, that really feels great, Dave!" Vicki cooed. "I've been so tense lately. School has really been a drag this month."

"I know what you mean. I've just finished finals myself."

"They are the pits." She agreed.

"If you'd like, I could do a complete massage for you, while I'm waiting." Dave suggested hopefully. He had adjusted his throbbing cock until it was protruding obscenely from the top of his shorts. The zipper continued to work its way down as he rubbed the front of his pants on her up-thrust ass cheeks. As he worked lower on her narrow waist and spine, she arched her back presenting her lovely ass to more of his touching.

"Umm, yes! Please do, Dave." She hissed with satisfaction. Her nubile body was responding to his gentle but firm ministrations. "Fuck," she thought, "I haven't felt this sexually aroused this whole year. All those jocks I've been with only wanted one thing. They'd use my pussy to masturbate, and leave me high and dry. But this guy is doing more to me than all of them put together, and he's not even got his dick out!" She decided right then, that Dave deserved a special "bonus," and she'd make sure she gave it to him personally. Where her actions had been responses to his expert massaging, now she was going to try to get Dave to fuck her by using her tempting body. "The game was afoot!"

Vicki began to flex and arch her back rhythmically. She felt his bulge pressing against her soft ass. There was a strange softness to some of it, that contrasted to the harsh material of the jean cut-offs. "I wonder what that is." She thought.

Dave's hands moved smoothly over the prone woman's back. He was an experienced masseuse. He had worked at the local spa, part- time, to help pay for college. He started softly and gradually increased the pressure and depth of his rubbing, until the area was pink and pliable. He was careful to keep the skin moist with lotion to avoid rubbing her tender skin raw. He wanted to see how long he could continue this massage before this woman would beg him to fuck her.

The tanned amazon moved her arms over her head to allow Dave greater access to her body. The massage was washing days of tension out of her system. From time to time she arched and flexed her body under his hands. Her pussy was beginning to get that familiar "feeling." Her clit was once again being rubbed by the French bikini. "That damn thing!" She thought. "I wish I'd worn nothing as I first intended. Fuck! I think the thing is going to make me cum before "big boy" gets his cock in me." She began to think how she could slow down her orgasm, get the fucking G-string out of her throbbing twat, or make Dave jump her bones. The problem was - between Dave's massage and the suit's touch on her sensitive clitoris - she was having trouble thinking at all.

Vicki was an exceptionally sexual individual. Her breasts, nipples, ass and cunt were highly erogenous. Many times she had cum when a date had licked or sucked her nipples or finger-banged her, in the back seat of a car. And she could cum several times, if her lover allowed her time to build to the first climax properly. Lately her dates had seemed hurried, and she had to resort to her own fingers - which never seemed as satisfying. The attention she was getting from Dave far exceeded any past experience she'd had with foreplay.

Dave changed the flow of his massage slightly. The young woman was obviously aroused. "Shit! She's one hot bitch, man!" Dave considered, "Look how that string disappears in her ass crack! Man, I wish that was my tongue!" He looked down at his cock. A drop of pre-cum was developing at the tip. As he rocked forward to massage Vicki's neck, his cock rubbed her ass crack. His uncircumcised prick unsheathed itself with each forward movement. The pink head glistened with sex slime. He broadened his massage to include the sides of her rib cage. The tips of his long fingers glanced over the sides of her bulging tits. Each time his fingers slid over the firm globes, he applied slightly more pressure and moved his hands closer to her covered nipples. His actions weren't obvious to the rapt woman. The time between each cycle was long enough to allow her to think the action was purely natural. It was! He naturally wanted to touch her tits.

In addition, Dave slid a little further down her smooth thighs. This exposed her buttocks which he had been covering with his body. Actually, his cock was now closer to her seeping snatch. The long strokes up her back, to her neck, brushed his cock against the tender skin along her ass and in between her pussy and anus. Dave began to knead the pillowy ass cheeks of the blond sex goddess. He knew the thick muscles of the ass were especially sensitive to massage and critical to tension release. She moaned under the new actions of his hands. The pre-cum dribble from his leaking member was being rubbed into her tender crotch.

Dave deliberately stopped all the action while he picked up the baby oil bottle and unscrewed the cap. Vicki's prone form wiggled in anticipation. She arched her ass lewdly toward the muscular young man that crouched over her perfect body. She rubbed her flatted nipples against the fluffy terry cloth beach towel. She pressed her mons against the hard concrete apron of the pool deck. She needed to be touched, filled, and fucked. "UMM!" She hinted at her arousal and impatience.

Dave pointed the clear liquid at her flexing ass cheeks. He glimpsed the bikini string sawing against her puckered ass hole as she squirmed with need. Her sexual aroma filled the air around the couple. Although Dave could not see it, the lips of her sex pulled at the string that was wedged in her moist pussy. Her clit was fully erect. Her body was flushed from head to toe. Suddenly Dave squirted the warm liquid direct at her clinching anus during one of the brief moments he could see it as she arched luridly toward him. The few seconds of reprieve had cooled her skin from his massaging to allow the contrast of the warm liquid to cause her to jump, as it splashed on her ass hole and cheeks. In her sexual frenzy, the warm liquid felt like hot cum blasting onto her ass hole. "Oh shit!" She exclaimed excitedly, "God, that really feels..." She tried to recover from a near orgasmic explosion. Her ass hole tingled. She held perfectly still, trying to control the heat that was growing in her young loins. "...good, Dave." She finally finished. Her face was flushed with sexual excitement.

"I'm glad you like it, Vicki." Dave smiled calmly. He figured this bitch would beg him to fuck her any minute. It was this thought that almost brought Dave to a screaming cum. The vision of the beautiful woman lying under him as he slammed his hard cock into her slippery snatch just about made him cum. He shook his head, and tried to relax. A full four inches of hard cock lay on her pulsating ass. The rest was wedged painfully in his tight shorts. He wanted to take off the constricting cut-offs, but didn't want to break the woman's concentration, or scare her off.

After his hormones were under control, Dave renewed his massage. Vicki relaxed and settled back into the rhythm of his firm manipulations of her body. Dave began with her oil slick ass. He scooped up the errant lotion with his finger-tips. Lightly brushing her crotch. She tried to spread her knees a little to give him greater access to her tender sex. He spread the warm liquid over her hips with his palms. Then he stretched his hands over her firm buttocks and began to roll the flesh between his fingers. His thumbs slid in sync into her tender ass crack. He topped off the stroke by sliding the slick fingers up her back, across her shoulders, and down her ribs, pulling lightly at her firm tits with each stroke. Her tits were slowly being pulled out from under her. The action felt good to Vicki. Her tits were large and firm enough to make laying on them (especially when she was aroused) slightly uncomfortable. The towel brushing on her nipples felt good too. At this point, she would have allowed the considerate man to do anything he wanted to her sexually vibrating body. She wished he do "something" soon! Vicki was not aware that with each of his return strokes to her trembling butt, he tugged gently on the loose bows that held the skimpy material over her mons.

Dave spent several strokes on her ass, almost grazing the tiny black string with his thumbs, where it rubbed her puckered brown hole. As his hands slid out of her crack, he lightly tugged on the string to make it rub the sensitive zones more. Her inner thighs were getting wet as the sexual lubrication spread from her vulva with his actions.

A master of sexual preliminaries, Dave slid further down her form, and continued the full massage with her thighs and calves. The sex crazed woman didn't know how much longer she could keep from cumming. She determined to try to make this man rape her with her actions of encouragement, but she wasn't going to tell him to fuck her. At least, not yet! Dave massaged the tender area beneath her buttocks, deeply. His fingers practically touching her nether lips. Her juices covered her inner thighs and his probing finger tips. He covertly brought a juice covered digit to his nose and inhaled the bitter-sweet odor. He touched the tip of his tongue to the gooey mixture of oil, sweat and sex. "Umm" He thought hornily. "That's eating' quality pussy." His hands returned to her long, tapered legs. His fingers worked on her ankles. He lifted one foot, and rested the elegant appendage in his crotch on his warm, throbbing member. Her rubbed his thumbs into her arches and rolled the cute toes between his fingers.

The young blond had begun to pass the limits of her sexual control with this latest onslaught of her tender anatomy. As the man slid off her thighs, she spread her legs at the knees, shamelessly. She wanted him to see her needy pussy. She wanted him to smell her sex. She wanted his fingers, cock, or tongue in her now! She squirmed on the beach towel, arching her shapely ass toward his face. She raised up on her elbows and her turgid nipples grazed the rough cloth as her full tits swung free. She tossed her blond mane and moaned in need.

Dave's cock rubbed the woman's instep as he ran his hands up her long, tanned thighs, slowly. He squeezed her ripe ass cheeks firmly. Then he spread them lewdly, exposing her tingling anus to the cool breeze that fluttered over the torrid couple. He held her ass cheeks apart, and slowly ran his thumbs along the black bikini string from the back edge of her seeping pussy, over her puckered hole and out of the scented crack.

Instinctively, Vicki's feet quested out his throbbingly exposed cock and massaged it. Pulling it free of its cloth confines. It took the sex wild woman a few seconds to realize she had her tormentor's penis in her control. When she finally did realize it, Vicki manipulated the pulsating sexual organ with her slippery feet. Her toes curled under his heavy balls. She captured the pleasure pole between her insteps and slowly jacked the monster. A long drool of pre-cum ran from the angry, red knob hole to her tingling soles.

Dave's hand slid up the torrid woman narrow waist and flared out over her shoulders. He slid his hands firmly down her rib- cage, along the taut tit sides, not stopping until her ripe breasts fell into his questing palms. Her rock-hard nipples pressed against his pinching finger-tips. "Umm!" They moaned in sexual unison.

As his hands finally fulfilled one of Vicki's fantasies, she arched that supreme body to allow full access to her chest, and raised her butt for the added attention she craved in her lathering groin. Her knees were spread. She wanted to maintain her pedal contact with his sexual sword. Her ass cheeks were spread, and beckoning the young man to take his fill. Her pussy was gooing its juice down her long, tanned thighs. The black string of her bikini gleamed with her moisture. Her pussy was totally exposed now. Only the thin black cord, which buried itself inside the inner lips and tormented her throbbing clit with teasing touches, covered any of her sex. The outer lips were full and distended, nature's method of guiding a rampant cock into the pleasurable fold of a woman's needy cunt in times of arousal.

Dave's flaring nostrils filled with the sweet scent of her sex. His hands were filled with firm tits. His eyes drank in the sight of her beckoning ass and sex. He heard her soft moans of need. No words were possible. She stretched her ass to make contact with some part of the man of her dreams. Her bikini was loose on her hour-glass form, except where it was clutched by her pussy and the full cheeks of her fine ass. Her feet encased his throbbing hard-on. Both of the young people were rapidly loosing control as mother nature's sexual drives and instincts took over.

Vicki's yearning ass finally brushed Dave's mustache. His senses were sexually overloaded. As he rolled her aching nipples between his finger tips, and tugged on her full breasts, his nose dropped into her steamy crack. He flared his nostrils, like a stallion sniffing a mare's sex before mounting her proudly. Vicki's powerful scent filled his brain like cocaine. Dave nuzzled the soft, pliant flesh with his nose, cheeks, chin and lips. His tongue snaked out and flicked her rosebud anus. Like a lightning bolt in her loins, the touch of his burning tongue sent the sex crazed bitch into a blistering orgasm. His tongue slid lazily from her smoothly shaved pussy lips - along the gleaming black nylon bikini string - over her puckered anus - rimming the tight orifice - and up her crack to her waist.
