 The fire crackled peacefully, it's warmth and comforting glow belying the howling wind and blowing snow outside my window. The roads were far too treacherous to venture outside, so I was enjoying a good book when I heard the loud thud. When I looked out, I saw a late model sports car had apparently slid off the road into the ditch in front of my house. Struggling out of the door into the wind was a solitary figure, bundled tightly against winter's wrath. 
I was loath to venture outside, but knew I had to offer some assistance. So, I wrapped myself in my parka, slipped on my boots, and went out into the snow, grabbing a flashlight from the toolbox. The figure had settled itself on the skewed hood, a cell phone held to its ear. 

"It won't work, at least not for a while," I offered helpfully, "The storm took down a cell tower 'bout a half mile from here, and they won't be restoring service until the wind stops."

"Damn it, just my luck," said a smooth, feminine voice. She turned and I saw her face dimly through the blowing snow. She was fair, with a few wisps of red hair blowing around the edges of her hood. Her eyes were an intense green in my flashlight beam, and the scowl on her face did little to hide her beauty; delicate features, a small upturned nose and full lips.

"Looks like you're stuck but good" I said as I played the beam over her car. "I don't think you'll have much luck getting a tow truck out here until this storm blows over, either. But you're welcome to come back to my place and try" I indicated my small house on the top of the hill, the lights warm in the cold air.

Her face brightened slightly. "Well, if I'm going to be stuck, it looks like a warm place, anyway. I'm Colleen" She extended her hand, which I took lightly.

"Mark"

"Well, let's go! Lead on, sir!"

When we got in the porch, and shed our heavy outer clothes, my appreciation for her grew. She wore leggings that accentuated the graceful curves of her legs, and an oversized sweater that did little to hide an ample chest. When she bent to unlace her boots, I was treated to a view of a tight, round ass, perfectly shaped.

As I feared, no tow truck driver would brave the snow and wind until at least the morning, so she was stuck. I insisted she take my bed, and went to get blankets and sheets for the couch for me. When I returned, I found her puttering in the kitchen, water boiling in the kettle as she rooted through the cupboards.

"I figured we could both use something to warm us up after being out in the snow" She said. "And it's the very least I can do for you. You've been so helpful. So, we're going to have some of my mother's spiced rum. Presuming, of course, that you have some rum to put in it, and can help me find the cinnamon."

I laughed, and showed her the correct cupboards. Soon we were sitting on opposite ends of my couch, sipping the warm liquid from steaming mugs. She stretched languorously and sighed, settling into the cushions.

I was curious why she had been out in such a storm in the first place, especially in a car so poorly suited for such weather.

"Well, I just found out from a friend that my boyfriend has been fucking around behind my back. I got so mad, I decided I was going to confront him, and so I left to go do it. Unfortunately, I should have stayed home, I guess." She chuckled wryly. "At least it's his car I cracked up, that bastard."

A few cups of hot rum later, and we were laughing and talking like old friends. I hadn't been doing so well in the relationship department either, so we felt like kindred spirits. Her hand rested on my thigh. I could feel the warmth from her body close to mine. My thoughts were drifting quite far indeed from my original intention of just being a good Samaritan. The fire was crackling and sputtering, the coals dying down and casting deepening shadows around the room. She leaned over and rested her head on my shoulder.

"Fuck him. I can do better. Hell, I've met you, I think I'm doing better already."

I turned to her, startled, and met her level gaze. The slight buzz I had from the rum evaporating in an instant, a sudden hard-on growing in my jeans as she looked at me. She closed her eyes and her mouth sought mine in a soft kiss. She practically melted into me as I enveloped her in my arms, her body pressed to mine. The kiss became deeper, more passionate. Her hands slid up my back and into my hair, gripping it and pulling my head forward.

I pushed her away slightly, meeting her eyes again "Are you sure you want to do this? This could turn out to be a mistake."

"Never can tell 'til you try" She responded and pushed me back farther on the couch.

Her hand slid slowly up my thigh to rest on my now-hard cock through my jeans. "Someone is excited" she murmured as she stroked it lightly through the fabric. She opened my pants and freed it, her fingers stroking it as it stood erect. She slid to the floor and knelt between my legs, slipping my jeans all the way off as she did so. Her grip on my cock tightened as she stroked it up and down. She leaned forward and let her hair cascade forward over my cock, slowly moving her head back and forth as the soft, silky strands slid over my sensitive skin. Then without warning I felt the warm wetness of her tongue curling around my balls and then sliding up the length of my erection and swirling once around the tip. She parted her hair and looked up at me playfully.

"I've been told I'm quite a cock sucker... would you like to find out if it's true?"

"Yes.... " I hissed though gritted teeth.

She wrapped her lips around the head and sucked for a brief second before pulling it out with a faint 'pop.'

"That wasn't very enthusiastic" she said mischievously, "I'm sure you can do better."

"Oh, God, please don't tease me like that" I moaned.

"Better," she cooed "Much better"

Colleen's head plunged forward, her mouth eagerly enveloping my swollen cock. Her lips wrapped tightly around the shaft as her head bobbed up and down. Her hand gently cupped my balls and squeezed them lightly as her tongue swirled around the head. Her other hand stroked the shaft of my cock, her eyes locked onto mine as I watched her take me into her mouth once more, her nose burying itself in my pubic hair. She gently guided my hand to her head, pushing it into the soft curls of her hair. I entwined my fingers in her hair, pulling her head down onto my cock.

She began humming and moaning softly, the vibrations running the length of my shaft as she sucked harder. By this time, I was more than convinced of her prowess. I could feel my body tensing, my hips pumping my cock in and out of her mouth as she moved faster and faster. Her hand stroked the shaft as she licked and sucked on the head, her other hand still massaging my balls. 

My rapid breathing turned to groans as I could feel the throbbing shudder of an orgasm tighten my scrotum. She swallowed quickly as I came, my cock pulsing in her warm wet mouth again and again. Her tongue licked the head clean as she sucked the last drop of cum from my softening member.

"Awww..." she pouted playfully, "Is he going to be coming back? I had such plans."

Colleen knelt back and pulled her sweater over her head, revealing a lacy, emerald green bra encompassing two round, creamy white breasts. She stood, pulled down her leggings and stepped out of them, revealing matching panties. She adjusted the waistband, and slid her hand under it.

"Sucking a guy's cock always makes me so wet," she sighed. "I hope you can do something about it."

I swallowed hard, watching her hand move under her panties. Her other hand reached up and cupped her firm breast, massaging it lightly in her grasp. She shuddered slightly as her hand moved a little faster. I needed no further invitation.

I reached forward and circled my hands behind her ass, kneading it as I pulled her toward me. I kissed her stomach, my mouth opening and my tongue tracing small circles on her smooth skin as I did. Her fingers entwined in my hair as I heard a light sigh from her lips.

"Mmm... that feels... wonderful"

I kissed my way down her stomach, my hands running up and down the soft, downy skin of her back. I reached her bra strap and opened it. She freed her hands from my hair and let the bra slide down her arms to the floor. I sat back and looked up into her dark eyes as she pushed her breasts together with her arms, enhancing her already ample cleavage. Her hands cupped them as she gently tweaked her nipples, another shudder passing through her as she did so.

"Fuck me, Mark...now! I need to feel you inside me!"

My cock twitched as she said it, but I knew it would be at least a few minutes before I would be hard enough to give her the fucking she so desperately wanted. I stood, and gently pushed her down on the couch. 

"No, not yet... I have a favor to return first," I said. I kicked off my jeans and lay down on top of her. Feeling the soft resilience of her breasts pressing against my chest quickly rekindled the flames of my lust for her. My hardening cock ground gently against the lacy material of her panties as I kissed her neck passionately. My mouth opened slightly and I nipped at her skin with my teeth. A sharp gasp escaped from between her parted lips.

I kissed my way down to her breast, and circled her nipple with my tongue before sucking it into my mouth. Her breathing changed to a groan as I sucked harder...nibbling and flicking the tip of her rock-hard nipple. She pulled my head toward her, as if trying to force more of her breast into my mouth. I pulled free and released it, smiling up at her as she pouted.

"Not to worry...I'm sure you'll like where this is going," I murmured, and began tracing a line down her flat stomach with my tongue. At the waistband of her panties, I stopped. The heat of her passion was evident and my rock hard cock responded with a twitch as I placed a fingertip against the soft fabric. Her wetness had soaked completely through the material and I couldn't take it any more. Slowly, torturously, I pulled her panties down from her hips and off her smooth legs while she moaned and writhed in anticipation. Her pussy was almost completely shaved; only a thin strip of soft, red hair above her slit remained.

"Mmmm... I'm going to enjoy this as much as you, I love eating a shaved pussy," I said, inhaling the aroma of her arousal. By this time she was practically squirming out of my grasp.

"Please... I can't stand it much longer, I need you," she gasped and grabbed a large handful of my hair.

I ran my finger along her wet, glistening lower lips, enjoying the shudder that coursed through her as I did. She raised her hips, pushing herself against my hand. My finger slipped easily inside the hot, wet opening and a hoarse moan burst from her throat. "More, God, more... please!"

I slipped a second finger into her, smiling to myself as it stretched the opening of her slit. This girl was tight! Colleen's breathing became faster, more erratic. Her grip on my hair tightened involuntarily, pulling me toward her as her hips rocked up and down. She was impaling her tight pussy on my fingers and I could feel those incredible internal muscles squeezing them with every thrust. My free hand gently opened her wet lips, and I flicked the hard nub of her clitoris with my tongue. Her moans transformed into a squeal of pleasure as I sucked the little button into my mouth, flicking it with my tongue again as her hips bucked against me. Her juices ran down my fingers and I started to curl them toward her belly button while pumping them vigorously in her wet box. Colleen's body began to quiver, her breath coming in short quick spasms. 

"Oh... oh... OH... GOD!," she screamed as she threw her head back and arched against me. I felt the muscles in her thighs tense and her toes curled against my leg. My cock jerked against her smooth leg as I felt her pussy tighten even more on my fingers. 

Her body went limp on the couch but I continued thrusting my fingers inside her. She moaned and a few shivers later, opened her dark eyes. Her flushed face shone with exertion as she took a final steadying breath.

I smiled at her as I removed my damp fingers from her pussy and brought them to my lips, tasting her sweetness. "Mmmm.... I think you enjoyed that almost as much as I did." 

"Then you enjoyed it an awful lot" she replied, her eyes still shining with desire, "but I'm not finished yet." She reached down and ran her fingers the length of my hard, throbbing cock. "And by the feel of it, neither are you!" she giggled. 

I took her in my arms, kissing her passionately. My tongue probed her mouth, twirling and twisting with hers, then running lightly over her teeth,. Her fingers flew over the buttons of my shirt, pushing the garment off my shoulders and throwing it aside as I freed it from my arms.

I cupped her breasts with my hands, kneading them gently as the hard points of her nipples pressed into my palms. She moaned softly against my neck, her teeth biting hard on my earlobe as I squeezed her firm tits.

"Now, Mark... God, please, now!" Her voice was a hoarse whisper in my ear. "Fuck me... I want to feel your cock in my pussy, I want to feel you cum inside me."

I pushed her back on the cushions of the couch, and knelt between her legs. I ran my cock along the entrance to her hot, tight pussy, feeling her juices flow as she moaned and raised her hips, trying to force my cock inside her. 

"Please, don't tease me," she whimpered.

"Ah, but isn't the anticipation what makes it good?" I asked, still stroking my throbbing member along her slit.

Her pelvis was rocking back and forth, pushing her wet pussy against me as she answered "I don't care... I want you inside me now!"

With one quick, hard thrust I buried my cock in her pussy. She was tighter than any woman I'd fucked since I was a teenager. Her vaginal muscles pulsed and massaged my cock as I slowly withdrew, leaving just the tip inside her before I slid into her again. I moaned softly as I felt her squeezing my cock even tighter.

"Amazing what a few Kegel exercises can do isn't it?" She said as she grinned up at me devilishly. "My ex always said I was the tightest he'd ever had- but he couldn't make me cum like you have." I could only nod, my teeth clenched as I tried desperately not to cum too soon. I wanted her to enjoy this as much as I knew I was going to. I gripped her shoulders tightly, pressing my feet against the arm of the couch and pushed my cock even deeper into her cunt. Her eyes closed and her mouth formed in a silent "oh" as I ground my hips against her. Her fingernails dug into my shoulders, pulling me even closer to her. I began to slowly thrust in and out, driving my cock as deep as possible while I pulled her shoulders toward me, impaling her on my throbbing organ.

My pace began to quicken, thrusting harder and harder inside her. Her legs wrapped around my waist as her breathing kept pace with my pounding in her tight pussy. The short, quick breaths became louder and louder, turning to a series of "oh. oh! Oh! OH! OH! " that built to a crescendo. 

Suddenly, she screamed and her nails raked down my back and gripped my ass, pulling me into her. Her smooth legs tightened against me as she began to say my name, over and over. Her pussy suddenly clamped down on my cock, and I began to cum.

I kept thrusting, slamming my hips against hers as I felt my cock spurting inside her pussy. Throughout it all, she kept milking me with those amazing muscles of hers, draining my cock as it throbbed and pulsed inside her. Finally, I withdrew, which caused her to emit a final, high-pitched moan, before I collapsed against her on the couch. She wrapped her arms and legs around me and gently rocked back and forth as her breathing slowed.

"Does this mean" I asked breathlessly, "that I don't have to sleep on the couch?"

"Not at all," she replied. "I'm not going anywhere, and neither are you."

As the fire died to embers, we lay exhausted in the dying light before drifting off to sleep.