 This is my first real effort. Any constructive feedback would be enjoyed. I have plans and have started part 2 but could be open to direction...

I hope this is enjoyed as much as I enjoyed writing it.

Part 1

She

could not believe her luck. It was some kind of alignment in the stars or beautiful moment where all factors coincided to create a kind of perfect storm in her world. 

On an otherwise ordinary day, different only for one of her more reliable staff member being away sick, Helena sat in the booth. She had other things she would rather be doing but needs be and she had to cover for sick staff as and when required. The day seemed to slow in this role typically and servicing the needs of the venues predominantly lower socio economic males, wasn't 'flopping her mop' on this occasion. 

Clients were coming and going and there was a bit of excitement in the room with the day's horse racing, dogs and the big game that night. Helena remained calm throughout others various highs and lows and basically indifferent having sampled the situation numerous times before. She quietly read her book between customer's requirements and had long ago learnt to ignore any advances from hopeful suitors trying to ride their luck. 

She was certainly attractive enough to get attention from anyone new to the venue but most of the locals, if not respected her space, then feared her sharp tongue and avoided her wit through engaging only politely for services required. New men, or fresh meat, as the locals would call them were sometimes the object of ridicule having wandered innocently into the venue, spied an unexpected "beauty " on the staff and made a move. On more than a dozen occasions she had sent them from the building with their tails between their legs with ears ringing to the chorus of the other men laughing at their misfortune. Yes locally Helena was known as KT (knife tongue) ... and she liked the name. 

She always dressed smartly and with a moderate amount of jewellery. She preferred gold as it complemented her long red hair. She was blessed with incredible auburn curls which cascaded in waves around her face and over her shoulders, the longest tips contouring to the middle of her back. To accompany this, she had pale blue eyes, a lean looking face which curved high at the cheek to be somewhat intriguing and appealing. If she could wiggle her nose she could perform magic such was that features likeness to the 'Bewitched' tv star.

Among other common approaches from men she was used to hearing "can you prove you are a natural red head'? To which she would initially reply with something like "yes but only rarely bother with the non ugly... so you're out of luck my friend". Then she would launch into a tirade about what an ignorant and lazy approach from someone so obviously lacking in all social or physical endowments and how dare they waste her time with such insulting conversation.

He 

Was petrified! In seconds, his life had been turned upside down and the consequences of a seemingly innocuous incident which was about to send his controlled and very enjoyable existence into an unknown and possibly not very enjoyable, positively miserable time. The folder he had been handed , only moments ago he had taken with a smile. He had recognised the giver from an earlier encounter and certainly did not detect any threat whatsoever. Upon opening the envelope and interpreting the contents however his head quickly began to spin and this was like nothing he had felt before. He saw a whole happy life, respect of peers, family, finances and career all in tatters . 

Trying to gather himself and likening the experience to a recent concussion, he turned on the perpetrator of his ill fortune to be faced directly by the striking red head .....and be handed another note.

Stunned at her forthrightness in the state of his obvious distress he snatched the note, glaring down at her. "Whats this?" he demanded. 

"Read it" she calmly and matter of factly replied.

Breathing deeply, and trying to regain some control of the turmoil his mind was going through, he considered his options. With so few available he slowly unfolded the note and commenced to read.

"You Have Been Caught"

The note started in a bold aggressive and sadly for David, obviously accurate way. The note continued...

"There will be consequences. Before we move in any direction I need you to know that I have copies made of this evidence. This is located in three safe places and should anything untoward happen to me then all evidence before you ,will be turned over to the police... via the media along with video and audio that these snaps were extracted from" .

David had quickly gone from horror to revulsion at the realisation he was being blackmailed. He looked up from the page at the perpetrator who he was shaken to see, held his gaze for a second... and then winked at him.

Disbelieving the situation, He looked down and continued to read.

"Through this situation as mentioned, there are alternatives to anyone else knowing of your crime other than me. It will be entirely up to you as to what course of action you take... Your destiny and future life all depend on the decision you make in the next five minutes."

As he read the sentence he heard a beep and saw his antagonist reach down from a small electronic timer on the shelf. "Hey" he said, without knowing what else to back it up with....

She replied with only a "Tick Tock, keep reading" and she followed this with another wink and nod toward the timer.

He could not believe this, it was surreal but be quickly established that the smallest commodity he had was time.... so he continued to read.

The cleanly typed note read.

•All of these actions below will be adhered to or the actions regarding media and police will be followed through.

•You will now refer to your dominant mistress (the woman who has caught you) as "Mistress"

•You will obey your mistress completely, without question and promptly.

David bowed his head. 

He had gambled and lost. Literally.

The venue of his down fall had been the little betting outlet in Newbridge shopping facility a week before on Tuesday. He had used it on this occasion as it seemed non descript and when he had cased it briefly, the service lady at the counter had seemed from a distance, very unlikely to recognise him and on top of this, very disinterested in her work. 

He had surmised her to be, attractive, in a 'book wormy' with a disinterested and allof intelligence. After a few moments of summation he concluded she was worth the risk and approached the desk.

This was his one vice. As captain of the Mountain Raiders rugby team, he was burdened with the usual responsibilities of leadership. These to him weren't really a burden and his tall broad body comfortably and attractively attended functions for fundraisers and sponsorship drives as and when required. He reluctantly lent his picture to products and services associated with the team. This was his lot and truth be told, he liked it. He liked being recognised in the street, not just for his size at 6 foot seven and obvious good looks but for being the captain of a local professional team and their reasonable success during the years of his participation and captaincy. He knew that he was well regarded in the community as someone who contributed above and beyond what was required of him. He knew he was smart and able to converse in numerous surroundings and in differing company. His team mates respected him for his 'follow me' attitude and passion for the game, its traditions and his affinity with each player in the team and squad. He seemed to make the effort to get to know everyone he dealt with and had an easy air.

How then, he said to himself, did I get into this fucking mess? 

He realised immediately what it was. It was his insatiable desire to do something wrong and to get away with it... He had mulled over being so well regarded and so good at everything. He had never struggled with girls, school sports or any area he turned his hand to ... Life it seemed was easy. But he had realised, he was not happy. Something was missing and in the search for that he had turned to gambling. Initially that was enough, but over the months as the habit grew.... it wasn't enough. He began to find that it wasn't the fact that he was betting which he found attractive, it was the fact he wasn't allowed to. His contract specifically stated as a paid member of a professional team he was not permitted to bet on any sport, team or event.

All of his life he had obeyed the rules, worked hard and succeeded. Life had been good to him and he accepted the normal mantra of those who work succeed, but it seemed to be all to easy. He needed a rush, to break the rules, to thrash out and know he had a secret only he could ever know.

Initially it wasn't like that as he knew the consequences of his actions would be punished with a slap on the wrist with a wet bus ticket. Thats why, he guessed that the habit had expanded and he had begun doing the unthinkable... betting against his own team. He had never done this for monetary gain but for knowing he could. The unshared secret he had, the rush he got from placing bets on visiting teams with ridiculous margins.... He only sometimes cashed winners as it was never his intention to make money, just to fix his urge and get that rush.

She 

Watched his inner turmoil as he read and re read the note with the conditions on it. This beautiful Adonis had fallen in her lap and she, was going to have him. She thought back to her quiet day when he walked into her life.

Just a typical day at the office. Serving men who should know better, their dreams on a piece of paper. Non were big betters in that particular outlet but all hoped for that dream sequence where a run of outcomes would shower them in cash. Each with different intentions, perhaps rushing home to spoil partners wives, children or other. Perhaps a holiday somewhere rare or even, if the sequence of horses, teams dogs or what ever was great enough, comfortable retirement. 

Helena, had never seen this and never expected too. The likelihood against was great and the mental capacity of most of her patrons lean toward their stars never combining for such a wind fall. 

When he came in, she recognised him immediately.  David Tanner, the captain of the Mountain Raiders. He seemed initially hesitant. Most men unfamiliar with the shop went straight to the counter to place their bets or make an enquirery. He on the other hand was seemingly casing the joint. She felt his eyes on her without engaging them with her own. Acting on instinct she flicked the switch which engaged the recording device she had installed as part of her contract. She had told the owner it was for her security but in actuality, it was for just such an occurrence. Helena knew how to extract the video, audio and picture files from the tired old business pc and after her exchange with David Tanner, was in a hurry to do so after her shift that night. She copied all of the files to a disk and then deleted them from the system so no one else had access to her gold mine. It was very unlikely anyone would stumble across them but if word got around he had been in, who knows, someone else in the workplace like the owner may have been curious?

She had played it so cool, not even raising an eyebrow when she noted his large (for this outlet anyway) bet of 300 dollars on the weekends game, against his own team! She was sure she didn't give him any idea that she knew who he was but played along to his friendly banter... even wishing him luck. All this was done, not before she deliberately read his bet aloud to him and made sure he confirmed its accuracy, as a matter of professional accuracy but in this case also as sealing the trap. The trap she never in her wildest dreams thought she would get to spring.

He

Raised an eyebrow at the word mistress and felt a stirring of hope. Perhaps this raven haired black mailer's only desire was a fast shag and his torment was over.

Deciding to act on this idea he coughed and suggested.... "Is this some kind of sex fantasy".

She frowned in reply, stared up at him directly and replied. "I'll give you one chance to correct that statement, not for the bold faced balls you have to think you can ask the questions, from your position but to get the question right in the first place"

He was dumbfounded... Normally females quivered at the opportunity to have a normal conversation with him, became excited at the thought of his interest and become, beside themselves at talk of sex with him... let alone any action. He was caught a little with her articulate, minor outburst and also unsure of what she meant.

Seeing him fumble with what to say next and knowing she had him shaken at least a little, she picked up her silver blackberry and crisply said "the mountain herald, are one key press away from this story, read the sheet and try again".

He stammered 'no please' as she responded by angrily pointing at the sheet. He glanced down and realised quickly what he had to say....

"no, please Mistress" he heard himself say and was aghast at his situation. His brain was desperately looking for a way out ... but couldn't find one. He felt powerless. Powerless and angry... how humiliating.

She on the other hand was flooded with an array of feelings. Euphoria and such a feeling of control overwhelmed her... but still she maintained her composure. He noticed the corner of her mouth turn up and realised he had done the right thing when she placed the phone on the counter and turned back to him. 

"Now take off your pants!"

He was stunned and instinctively replied "What"?

She didn't hesitate, picked up her phone and pressed send before he could do a thing. "Right" she said, "a photo of a betting slip with a three hundred dollar bet on it has just been sent to the editor of our beloved local paper. One more trip up and I send the next one which shows you approaching the counter with the same slip in your hand." She raised her eyebrow again, as he said "no" so desperately and then quickly "no mistress....please"

She met his eyes and glanced downward at his belt. His hands slowly raised to the buckle and he unthreaded the leather from its first loop.

He always dressed well and tonight was no exception. His designer shirt was faded grey. His black leather belt, Italian, was holding up new levi 501 excec's and the weather was warm for winter so he had elected to wear his light tanned sandals. 

As he unbuckled he remembered he was not wearing underwear. He liked going commando but obviously hadn't realised he was going to be exposed on this outing and blushed.

She stood directly in front of him with her chin cupped in her hand as if assessing his performance but not saying a word.

His unveiling action stopped and he stuttered..."um, M Mistress , I'm not wearing underwear". Removing her hand from her chin, She poised the phone in front of her extended index finger. "One last time Boy, Remove your pants" The firmness in her voice and the way she held his eyes left him in no doubt that she was not bluffing

He quickened the pace of his disrobing and reluctantly dropped the hoop from his finger tips letting his jeans be taken by gravity. His body was betraying him as he felt his member stir slightly with the exposure it was receiving, released from the denim confines. He kicked off his sandals and stepped out of his jeans. Head bowed, and not knowing what to do with his hands he let them hang by his side.

The clock beeped breaking her spell a little. The reminder that the consideration time was up prompted her to ask. "So, what is your decision" she smirked at the waist deep naked rugby hero.

Knowing he had already committed to her alternative less, written requests with his actions he merely shrugged and pointed downward at his own nakedness. She replied to his gesture saying "I need to hear it". He raised his tilted head a little to meet her eyes, and offered "I'm in"

"Oh dear" she said while reaching in with the cell phone and placing the key pad under his balls and using it to scratch back and forth lightly... "You really are a slow learner aren't you?". She pulled the phone away roughly grazing against his nervous package and shaped as if so operate the device.... "

"No, I mean ... no please.... um .... I'm in , please .... Mistress" he stammered, literally overwhelmed by the events taking place both physically and within his own mind. His head was filled with a swirl of unfamiliar feelings. He felt flustered, which in itself was unfamiliar... but not seeing a way out of this situation other than bowing to this all be it , very attractive woman. He was used to being a communicator, a social icon and lets be honest... a dominator. He liked to be in control and yet here he was, having absolutely no say.... in anything. The fear was over welming.... and yet, exciting. 

She looked at his bowed figure and almost flaccid penis, and she was impressed. Not only with his endowments but how quickly she had broken him down to be standing in her hall way, half naked, and calling her 'Mistress". The feeling of power was very good, she was unsure she could follow through with her original plan. The temptation to make him jack off in front of her then send him home was strong. It would give her time t compose herself and she could get him back at any time of her choosing... she supposed. Discounting the idea as a copout she licked her lips and remained determined to go through with her lustful objectives.

"Good Boy" was all she said to him and then began slowly circling him as if appraising a work of art. He remained still and bowed but was swearing inwardly at his predicament and now at how his cock was reacting to things. Despite himself, and his inner protests, his penis was stiffening. As she continued her circumnavigation and assessment of him she reached in and brushed the back of his thigh with the lightest touch of her fingers. He sucked in a sharp intake of breath loudly and began to turn toward her. "Stand still boy and don't you move unless I tell you so... understand?" when she was met with no reply she swirled around to face him.... placed his now turged balls in the cup of her hand and repeated with no more volume but certainly more intent "UNDERSTAND me Boy?"

Bowing his head back down and knowing he was beaten and completely at the whim of this red headed monster, he resigned himself to his fate... thinking, it is this or complete and utter ruin in this town and probably the whole country. Somehow I'll take my medicine and move on – with hopefully some credibility intact. 

She began to lightly knead his balls as he uttered "Yes mistress" in barely more than a whisper. As she kneaded him,his cock began to come to life. She took her time and tilted her view and watch as his cock slowly changed it's pointing angle. Holding his balls in her hand and seeing him stimulate was extremely arousing. Knowing that against his will he was responding to her in a positive way was starting to have an effect on her as well. Along with the feelings of complete control she felt herself becoming moist. 

When he was at half mast and having taken great care not to touch his penis, she removed he hand from his balls. Raising her hand to his chin, she lifted it so his head was not so bowed and he looked directly at her face. "Now Boy, go and wait for me in the front room, while she pointed at the door" He had noticed enough as he had approached the house earlier that it was a main st apartment on the ground floor. As he had come in he had noticed that the lounge or front room looked onto the street and it was a busy st. Busy with numerous people who would be going about their business and with people who would recognise him if they saw him standing in a front room wearing only a shirt bearing a half a woody. They would stop and notice anyone but if it were him... They would notice, probably take photos and gather in hundreds before gradually dismantling him in a very public, laughing lynch mob....
