 "Good grief, this bitch is so hot." Davie thought as he watched the blonde bounce up and down on the fat cock of the guy she was sitting on. Her young tits were bouncing and swinging in every direction with the girls violent moves.

Davie had borrowed an old porn video from a friend featuring Bambi Woods, staring in Debbi Does Dallas.

This was a really hot scene and Davie was itching to jerk off to it but he wanted to watch the whole flick first. It was the first time his buddy Tim let him borrow it and he didn't know when he was going to get a chance to see it again. Private time in the house was rare.

Davie had just moved back into his parents house after living with his girlfriend Hilda for two years. When they broke up he was strapped for cash and his folks offered his old room to him. He was broke because Hilda demanded the finer life and on a firefighters salary, well, "she needed to find a doctor or lawyer", he thought.

Now he was living with his parents and his eighteen year old sister Bette. At twenty-eight and a rookie in the city fire department he was not real anxious to hit the bar scene again to meet someone but he needed some release having been away from his ex-girlfriends' bed for two months. Now here he is, sitting in the TV room while his folks are away for the weekend and his sister is at work.

Anyway, with his bone pushing against his jeans painfully, Davie is watching Bambi's tits flailing about. Every scene with this youngster was hot and they were giving him a dry mouth. 

"Maybe I should have set myself a beer and chips out for this show," he thought.

Putting the video player on pause, Davie went into the kitchen, popped the cap off a beer and was digging in a cabinet for snacks when the back door flew open, hitting him in the ass and knocking him to the floor.

"Bette!", the intruder yelled, not seeing him on the floor, "It's Debbi!"

Davie sat looking at the girl and fumed. He never really liked his sister's friend. She was stuck up and nothing like Bette. He never understood their friendship. As he got up, Debbi finally noticed him and started laughing.

"What the hell you doing on the floor, Davie?", she cooed.

"You put me here, you damn". He cut his words off in mid sentence.

"Where's Bette, big boy? I told her I was coming over to pick up a sweater I left here the other day," Debbi rattled on, not missing a beat.

"She's at work," replied Davie, but he was talking to an empty room because Debbi had left the kitchen heading for Bette's bedroom. She practically lived in the house and made herself at home being treated like a daughter by Davie's parents.

Alone in the kitchen now, Davie put a tray of chips and his beer together and headed for the TV room. He had forgotten about the video being on and when he walked in the room there was Debbi sitting on the couch watching Bambi on all fours taking it from behind.

"What the fuck are you doing?", he blustered.

"This is so hot, Davie. Are you watching this all by yourself?", she laughed.

"What are you doing here, Debbi? I thought you came for your sweater? Now get it and take off!" Davie hissed.

"Oh relax, Davie. I never saw one of these. Let me watch it with you. Please."

Davie stood there looking at Debbi. He wasn't fond of her but it suddenly excited him that a female would want to sit and watch porn with him. Hilda disapproved of porn. Besides, it was better than her shooting her mouth off to his sister about his afternoon movie choices.

"Alright. You want a beer?" he asked her.

"Please," she answered.

They both settled down with cold ones in there hands silently watching the flick. Bambi was on her knees now, deep throating a huge black cock and taking a white stallion of a guy from behind. They were both pounding into her. The viewers were mesmerized by the action. Davie and Debbie were on the edge of the couch watching in awe as the two guys finally pulled out in unison and together unloaded the jizm onto Bambi's body. White cream was splayed onto her face and across her ass checks. The guys cock's seemed to pump out fluid endlessly. When they finished, the young actress turned to the screen and smiled with gobs of come on her bright red lips.

Sighs emitted from both viewers as they sat back. The movie went into a scene to set up the next fuck action.

"God, that was hot," whispered Debbi.

"Oh yes," was all Davie could mutter as he put the beer to his lips.

"I need another beer. Want one?" Debbi asked as she got up.

"Yea," replied Davie. There was no way he could get up with his hard on.

As Debbi walked across the room Davie looked her over. Dressed in a cotton blouse and jeans, everything clung to her frame. She was the same age as his sister and built pretty good. He had watched her grow up and saw her develop. Where his sister had an athletic body, Debbi was full figured but full in the right places. Debbi had nice tits and a round ass. She was about five foot six. A tight little package. He saw her in a gown and heels when the girls went to their prom and did a double take, but saw her as just a young girl back then.

"Shit, that was just last year," he thought, "and here I am watching porn with her."

When Debbie came back in the room she handed him the beer and sat down closer to him on the couch. Her thigh touched his and it sent a jolt thru him. He was going to make room for her but instead he turn to face her and smiled. She smiled back with a dreamy look and Davie felt hot flashes go down his neck.

"This is fun, Davie." Debbi whispered into the neck of the bottle.

"Did you ever do stuff like that with a girl?", she said looking straight into his face.

Whew, he thought. Right to the quick.

"Not everything. But there's always tomorrow," he answered surprising even himself with his remark.

They both laughed uneasily and turned to the TV where a new scene had started. Bambi was sitting on a couch with a guy and was pulling her t-shirt off over here head. As she unhooked her bra here tits just sat there, freed from the encumbrance.

"Boy that looks hot. Just to sit in public and pull you clothes off," sighed Debbi.

"Go ahead," remarked Davie. He couldn't believe he said it, but he wasn't sorry. 

She sat there for a minute, smiled and said, "Yea, why not!" and, unbuttoning her blouse, she pulled it out of her jeans and off her body.

Debbi looked at Davie, giggled and reached for the clips that held the cups together. 

"Here goes nothing."

Debbie undid the hook and opened the large cups like two gates. Her tits spilled out falling onto her chest. They were full, heavy and round with soft, pink areolas and gumdrop size nipples. She dropped the material and ran her hands down across her flesh and then scooped them up to let them fall again.

"Oh, that feels good to have the air on my skin," she whispered.

Davie just sat there in awe of her while sounds of Bambi moaned on screen as a new lover was licking her nipples. Somehow, he pulled his eyes off Debbi and looked at the TV. Debbi was watching it now also. In a close-up the lover's tongue was making circles around Traci's nipple.

"Do that to me, Davie," cooed Debbie.

Davie turned to look into Debbi's eyes and saw them as half closed and pleading. He set his beer down, turned to face her and reached out to touch her skin. As he rolled his palm across her left nipple, Debbie laid back against the couch. Her chest rose with the anticipation of being played with. Both hands were on her now, lifting and squeezing her flesh softly.

"Lick them, Davie, Suck on my nipples."

Davies head fell to her chest and began to work on her. He squeezed her right breast while sucking on the others pink nipple. He let saliva flow on to it and wash her whole globe with the lubricant. He switched to enjoy her left breast while lifting and massaging her right.

While Davie enjoyed himself, Debbi, in sheer pleasure watched Bambi receiving the same treatment. She reacted as though she were in the film herself. When the star reached out to caress her lovers head and pull him in closer, Debbi did the same. Bambi's hand then slid down to her partners lap and pulled at his pelt. Without hesitation Debbi reached onto Davie's lap and was shocked to feel the huge size.

Davie adjusted himself hoping this playmate will continue and was not disappointed. Debbi pulled at his belt, unclasped it and managed to unzip his jeans smoothly. She was anxious to see the size of this cock. Davie stopped his tit play for a moment and helped pull his erect joint out of his pants. She saw that it was huge, thick with veins running up the sides and a fat purple head like a soldiers helmet. It looked larger than the porn actors.

"Jees, Davie, your cock is big," she hissed.

"Have you seen many?" he asked her.

"Not out in the open,. I just played with the guy thru his pants once and made him come like that," she laughed still staring at his cock.

"Put your mouth on it," he said to her.

He was pleased to see her drop to his lap without question. First he felt her lips kiss the head softly. Then her mouth opened and she let the fat cap into her mouth. She built up a mouthful of spit and dropped it onto the head and again stuck the purple knob into her mouth this time moving around in very teasing motions. Debbi took a solid grip of Davie's cock and was now in command.

Debbi was totally enjoying this. She gripped Davie's fat member with one hand above the other and it still extended above her knuckles. With her lips surrounding the head she began to pump the flesh, feeling the skin glide along the rigid muscle standing out from Davie's groin like a tree trunk. Hearing his moaning encouraged her that she was doing it right.

Davie somehow managed to work his jeans and jockeys off and moved around to kneel on the sofa facing Debbi. She followed his lead and, unbuckling her jeans, kicked them down to her ankles, never taking her lips off her meal. He leaned forward, careful not to pull his cock free, and worked her panties down to meet her pants. With a kick she had everything on the floor and her round white ass stuck up in the air for Davie to explore.

Without hesitation his hands began to caress the big globes of flesh. Davie marveled at how big but firm Debbi's ass was. He leaned forward over her back, all the while feeling his cock being sucked into her wet mouth, and with both hands spread her cheeks. Looking down he had a wonderful view of her cunt lips wet with dew. Her labia lips were meaty and fat like two slabs of portabella mushrooms. He gripped one in each hand and pulled them away and out from her groin exposing her pink inner flesh.

"Your pussy is beautiful," he said as he yanked and pulled on the large lips.

"Damn, I want to eat your hole. Flip over." he commanded.

Debbi came up for air and was breathless. Between gobbling up his fat cock and feeling wonderful things happening with her pussy she was ready to do anything this guy told her to do. Her mouth and cheeks were covered with saliva from sucking and rubbing Davie's prick all around her face. She couldn't get enough of it. As she turned onto her back her tits stood out from her chest without the least bit of sag to them. Davie took one in each hand and squeezed , shook and smacked them, watching them jiggle. He leaned over her and taking hold of each leg, bent her at the waist raising her open slit up and into the air. Meanwhile his cock was guided into Debbi's open mouth by her small but firm hands.

The two of them sucked at each other ravenously. Moans and curses were called out. Debi squeezed Davie's swollen balls and he bit at her sex. Both of them were feeling their climax building and Debbi was the first to get there. He pulled his cock out from her mouth to put more action into his sucking her off and with one free hand reached down and began furiously rubbing her clit. Her other pinched at her nipples.

"Yes-s-s, oh my god," she moaned over and over as wave after wave of the climax came over her. Davie's tongue licked deeply into her as his hard cock banged against her face.

She turned her head toward the TV and saw Bambi, on her knees, on the floor getting it from behind again and with a quick move rolled out from under Davie and got on all fours.

Still watching the screen she yelled softly at Davie, "Stick it in me, hurry."

Davie dropped to his knees and, with his erection bobbing around, aimed it for her hole. Juice from her exciting orgazim lubricated his thick shaft and it easily slipped in. The hot moist feeling sent shivers thru him and he pushed deeply into her with such force that Debbi cried out. Her ass cheeks quivered and she felt like her belly would bust open.

"I'm sorry," he grunted but continued to pump in and out of her.

"It's okay. Please, don't stop," she hissed and pushed back to meet his thrusts.

Davie wanted to last for hour but it was a matter of seconds that the sensations he felt in his cock was not going to allow it. The visual image of Debbi's flesh banging against him was the last straw. His load of jizm was building fast and within seconds began to spew into her cavern. The heat of the liquid jolted her and she felt herself climaxing again. Now both of them were in a heated frenzy. Davie's cock spit twice more into her as she felt the size of him expand.

He reached around her and took hold of a breast in each hand. Holding on to her he continued to thrust deeply. Debbi looked up at the TV again and saw that the male star was doing the same to Bambi. She was pleased and spent, but allowed her partner to continue.

The two of them sensed each others fatigue and laying down, separated. Both were wet with sweat, saliva and come. Debbi leaned over and took Davie's thick but limp cock in her hand and stuffed it's full length into her mouth. he felt a warm pleasure and reached to caress the soft hair of her mound.

"Careful," she purred. " You'll get me started and I'll never quit".

"What a way to the afterlife, but I have to get ready for work anyway. What is the chance of us trying this again, Debbi?".

"And here I didn't think you liked me, Davie Boy," she said with a laugh.

He turned red faced and attempted to say something but she stopped him by leaning over him and planting a wet kiss on his mouth. He tasted his cock mixed with her moisture and heady breath.

"I always had an eye for you Davie Boy and yes, let's do it again sometime," she said, smiling.

After Debbi left and Davie was cleaning up the TV room he looked at the video jacket with Bambi Wood's picture on it and thought, "Man, there is nothing like the real thing."