 This story is dedicated to Old Bill, who enjoys a fantasy tale of mature men and women. Thank God for fantasy, eh Bill? It keeps some of us sane. It gives some of us ideas, too.

*

As the sun broke through the bedroom window blinds, Mildred woke up in an aroused mood. Rising up and supporting herself on her elbows, with her hands at her sides, the top sheet fell to her waist revealing her naked torso, allowing a fresh breeze from the open window to brush across her breasts. Her nipples tingled and hardened. She looked down at herself, smiling, thinking through her planned day.

The previous evening she had sat in front of her fireplace, a glass of wine in hand, contemplating the events with young Tom in Doris' apartment. Her life, as she had lived it as a middle aged woman, came to an abrupt end when he introduced her to a sexual awakening. Now sex and her body was part of everything she thought about. She wanted more of what he gave to her that day. She wanted to experience more. So, as she stared into the fire, Mildred decided to spend one day on a sexual excursion. A day of looking, enticing, tempting, luring, pursuing and seducing anyone she came across that appealed to her. She would show herself off to the world and enjoy the attention. She would give and receive. 

Mildred swung her legs across the bed, out from under the sheet and stood before a full length mirror on her closet door. Tom had convinced her that she was attractive. He spoke to her of her soft skin, her firm ass and tight belly. He played with her small breasts and made her nipples explode in size. She had always been shy to ask the salesperson for a thirty four A-cup brassier like she had never matured, but his touch and attraction to her changed all that for her. When Tom played with her nipples, they stood out like large mounds. He called them "puffies". She had toyed with her "puffies" every night since.

Standing, looking at her reflection, Mildred touched herself lightly. She had just learned to do this these past few days. She touched her breasts, stroked her belly, felt her hips, squeezed her ass cheeks, spread her legs and pulled at her cunt hair. Sometimes Mildred would masturbate, watching herself reach an orgasm. She liked seeing the expression on her face as it came upon her.

"Today, however, is not the day to stay at home and play with myself," she thought. Mildred dialed the number of a limousine rental company that she knew of and inquired as to the rates of a day rental with driver. Happy with the price, she arranged the hour of pickup and payment arrangements for an entire day up to midnight then walked into the bath to prepare her body. First she stood at the sink and cut the curly hair from her pussy as short as she could with scissors. She then lathered the stubbly mound with shaving cream. Sitting on a bathroom stool, Mildred carefully stroked the safety razor across her skin to removed the stubble, shaving her most delicate of areas. She decided to leave a little 'V' shape of hair above her mons for a visual affect. Her last act was to lay in a bubble bath for a half hour of relaxation. 

In her bedroom, Mildred picked out a black dress that had short sleeves and wrapped around her body to tie at the waist with a sash. She decided not to wear a bra and slipped on a black thong that she had bought with the dress. Her shoes were also new. She had purchased five inch, black, pump heels. It took her an afternoon of walking around her apartment to get used to them and just to have fun, she practiced wearing the heels and nothing but the thong. That led her to the decision to not wear stockings. It helped her feel nude.

At noon, on the dot, Mildred opened her apartment door to meet John, her chauffeur. A handsome man of sixty, broad shoulders, shaved head, big smile. Exactly what she was hoping for in a driver. John was dressed in a black suit, white shirt and maroon tie. He looked the part and Mildred was to learn through the day, he was a professional. She would also find him to be non-judgmental, humorous and protective. John would also become a dear friend of Mildred's in the future. Something in a man that she needed.

As John escorted Mildred to her limousine she explained what her plans for the day were going to be. She told him that she wished to be driven through the city, no real destination except for two and that she intended to behave in a carefree, sexual, uninhibited way. She gave John the opportunity to refuse driving her if he did not approve of her behavior but she also demanded his service as a driver and only a driver. No hitting on her.

John smiled through white teeth. He liked Mildred immediately and accepted the job.

Sliding into the jet black car, smelling the rich odor of the maroon leather, the carpet under her feet, Mildred swooned with anticipation. She came out of her dream world hearing John's voice.

"Shall we start in any special direction, Madam?" John had watched Mildred bend over to enter the car and saw that she was braless. He saw the fabric spread open revealing her small breasts with hard little nipples. He wondered if she wore panties.

"Please, call me Mildred, and let's head down I95 to a see the young man who I have to thank for today." 

Mildred's first stop was the firehouse where Tom and Davie worked. She knew they were on duty that day because she had spoken to Tom two days earlier. Tom had invited her to dinner with Davie and Doris, in the near future whenever they could all agree on a date. As she entered the station she was greeted by Pete, one of Tom's co-workers and a lady's man, or so he thought.

"Hello-o-o-o and what may I do for you, young lady?"

Hearing such a lame greeting, Mildred's first thought was, "Maybe this day would not be what I had planned". Mildred stiffened her back, deciding, "I am in control of my day and I will control the events of my day!".

Mildred walked up close to Pete and smiled, "Is Tom free to talk for a few minutes? Tell him Mildred is here to see him. Would you do that for me? Please?" As she said this, she gentle stroked Pete's arm.

Pete seemed to melt and stammered, "Sure, Miss, I'd be happy too. Don't go away now."

"Oh, this is going to be so much fun," Mildred thought.

A few minutes passed and Tom walked up and gave a polite hug. Neither one wanted to bring attention to their carnal interest in each other.

"You look fabulous, Mildred," said Tom, "Did you come down here to drive me nuts?" 

"No, but those words were exactly what I needed to hear from you to get me started, Tom. Thank you." Mildred squeezed his hand. "Walk me out to my chariot."

When they got outside, and Tom finished gushing over the car, he opened the door. Mildred slipped in and Tom knelt by her.

"I'm on a little adventure, Tom. When we all get together for dinner I hope I have a story to tell you all. It's something I need to do." Mildred pulled Tom's head to hers and gave him a long soulful kiss. Her tongue darted in his open mouth and played with his.

"Shit, now I've got a hardon! I can't wait to be with you again"

Mildred laughed, "Thanks again for another compliment. I'll see you soon?"

"You bet!" called out Tom as the sedan pulled away.

Mildred sat back in the seat, laid her head on the backrest and smiled. She felt a glow through out her body but she also sensed a fear of the unknown.

"Well, where we headed, Mildred?" asked John.

"Lets go downtown, I'd like a coffee and something light to nibble on." Mildred laughed, with the driver joining in.

John was able to find a parking spot at 19th and Chestnut Street and Mildred walked the two blocks back to a fancy deli. She enjoyed walking along the city street, hearing her heels click on the sidewalk. Men walked past her and turned their heads to look her over. Men stared at her as she walked past them. Women looked at her as she stopped to look in store front windows. Women snuck looks at her as they passed her with their male companions. Hammers stopped pounding as she passed construction sites. Mildred saw it all, felt it all. She tasted a heat in the air. She felt people looking, she sensed them staring.

When Mildred reached Moe's Deli she sat at a curbside table and the waiter showed up at her side almost immediately.

"Hi, my name is Warren. What can I get for you?"

Mildred ordered an espresso and croissant. It took a few minutes for Warren to return and when he placed her food on the table, Mildred noticed that he positioned himself to serve her on the side where he could look down her dress. It had opened slightly to reveal her one breast. She smiled to herself when he walked to the rear of the restaurant and watched as he conversed with his fellow employees. By his animated motion and their glancing back at her she knew he was talking about her. What she could not hear was the young man telling the other guys how hot the woman at his table was and the great tit shot she gave him.

She decided he shall be her first subject. Warren looked to be in his mid twenties. "Probably a student", she thought. He was slim and tall, dressed in tan khakis, a blue shirt and a cute little dark blue apron.

Mildred called the young waiter to her table and asked for a refill. When he returned she asked him if he had a minute to sit with her. He told her he was on a break and. fetching a coffee for himself, sat down at her table. They talked for a few minutes about the Deli, his studies in college and the city. Then, she hit him with the big one.

"Would you like me to jerk you off before you go back to work, Warren?"

Warren's mouth dropped open. He was speechless.

Mildred didn't wait for his answer. "If I walk down that alleyway, is there a place where no one will see us?"

"Uh, yea." he regained his composure, "I'll meet you behind the dumpster."

"See ya there," Mildred said with a smile and up they both stood. Mildred went to pay her check and Warren made for the alleyway. She laughed at the way the young man was tearing off his apron as he headed for their meeting place. When Mildred arrived, he was standing against the green, steel trash container. They were in a semi dark area, dark even for the time of day. To Mildred, Warren looked like he was standing at attention, ready to be sworn in for an assignment. 

"Well," she thought, "I have an assignment for you, young man."

Mildred leaned into Warren, placed her hand on his young face and her red moist lips to his ear.

"Warren, as crazy as this sounds, I really want to jerk your fucking cock off and watch you shoot a big load of cum for me. I hope you will enjoy that."

Tense with anticipation, Warren felt her warm breath on his cheek and relaxed. 

Mildred sensed his consent and reached out to touch his crotch. She felt Warren's stiffening cock folded in his pants. 

"Pull down your zipper slowly, Warren, and pull out your cock. Slowly."

Warren did as she requested. He grasped the zipper clip and tugged downward, the sound of the metal hooks unclasping sending chills through Mildred. Once the zipper was completely down, he reached in, and pulling through his undershorts, extracted his cock like a snake being drug from it's hole. His cock hung down, exposed to the air, semi-erect and apprehensive because of this strange request, but filling with blood.

Mildred lifted it in her hand and scrutinized it. "What a beautiful body part," she thought. "But now to work."

Mildred stepped close to Warren and reaching down, opened the top of her dress and exposed her tits. She put her left arm around Warren's shoulders and took a firm grip of his cock.

"You can play with my titties if you like, Warren." she said as she stroked his cock slowly. Warren felt the blood surging into his prick and his brain screamed, "Play with her tits!"

He reached out and squeezed the small cones, pulling at them, pressing them against the owners chest. He saw the pink areolas extend and fill with blood, just as his cock was doing.

Mildred, holding on to the young waiter, pulled at the swelling erection. Not fully stiff, but growing, she was enjoying the youths eagerness. She watched as the length and width increased as her hand slid up and down the soft skin. Warren was not circumcised and the head of his cock hid beneath the hood of flesh. Mildred had never seen a cock like this and enjoyed playing hid and seek with the tip.

As Warren's breathing increased so did the size and hardness of his prick. Mildred's hand was now pumping in a steady, deliberate motion, sliding the full length. She leaned down and spit onto the head, lubricating the corona as the foreskin grazed across it. Warren groaned at the site of her doing this and his balls reacted by pulling up into his sac. 

Mildred sensed her work would be fruitful as Warren moaned.

"You going to cum for me?" she said as her grip tightened on his cock and her pumping quickened. "Come on, Baby, shoot a big load for me, come on, give me your cream."

"Agh!" Warren cried as he felt the first stream of jizm shoot out of his tube and fly in an arc through the air.

"Yea, Honey, come on!" Mildred encouraged as she pumped more vigorously. "Come on, give me more," she demanded as she jacked him off in unison with each word she said.

Another spurt, them another, then a forth load as forceful as the first flew out of Warren's body. Finally, a fifth was pumped out of him and then Mildred squeezed a stream, like toothpaste out of a tube, that dribbled down his shaft and over her knuckles. She had an overwhelming desire to lick it off her hand and enjoy the hot, white goo, but not knowing Warren, decided against it.

The young man, after steadying himself and stuffing his cock back into his pants, retrieved his apron and offered it to Mildred to clean her hand.

"Why thank you, Warren. I hope you have another to wear."

"I do. Would you like to come back into the Deli? I'll treat you to something to eat." 

"No, thank you," Mildred said smiling as she tied up her dress, "I have more stops to make. Thank you, Warren for a lovely coffee break."

Leaving through the alleyway, Mildred's exit was watch by Warren as she walking away from him. He smiled at his fortune and the memory of that morning would be forever part of his life.

As Mildred stepped out onto the sidewalk and headed to her car, she smiled to herself as passing men took notice of her. Who would have guessed of her actions just minutes ago. Arriving at the limousine to be greeted by John, Mildred slid into the seat, feeling the cool leather on her rump.

"Let's move on, John."

John had taken Chestnut Street out to 62nd and then headed south toward the airport just to give Mildred a view of the city she loved. Leaving the high-rise buildings behind them she saw the fuel tanks at the refinery and the maze of pipes feeding them. It all looked so masculine, so full of sex. John turned west onto Bradford Avenue and stopped at the light at 63rd. Mildred heard the low rumble of a motorcycle pull up along side of them on the drivers side and watched as John rolled down his window.

"Hi Frank," John called out to a motorcycle cop. His tone of voice gave her the suggestion that they were acquainted.

"How's it goin', John. Long time no see."

Unaware of their conversation, Mildred looked out the window just as the cop took off his silver sun glasses. She always loved motorcycles and the maleness of the vehicle, but men in those tight breeches and trooper boots really got her juices flowing. The funny thing is, Mildred didn't even understand this erotic attraction until her sexual awakening with Tom, her neighbor. She just felt funny when she saw these guys roar past her.

"He's really a great guy," John said of his friend as they finished talking and they pulled away from the intersection leaving the motorcycle. "He would do anything for a friend."

"Well, maybe he should be rewarded," laughed Mildred. "Swerve the car to get your friends attention, John."

John looked in the rearview mirror at his passenger and shrugged his shoulders but did as he was told. Just as Mildred had hoped, the Patrolman came after them. Chills ran down her back when she heard the short blast of the siren and felt the limo slow down and pull to the side of the street. The were in a desolate area of the city, a section where empty houses stood, soon to be replaced with a new hotel. There was not a soul in sight except for the limo occupants and the Officer who had dismounted his motorcycle and was approaching the car.

"What's the matter John, you have a problem?" asked the Officer.

"No, no problem." John winked. "I think my passenger wanted to meet you."

Frank returned John's smile and walked around the rear of the car and approached the door on the curb side. When he tapped on the window, Mildred opened the door and swung her leg, closest to the door, out, remaining in her seat.

"Hi, Frank. My name is Mildred. You're a friend of my new friend, John?"

"Yea, we go back a ways. All the way to high school. Man, that was many years ago," Frank laughed as he leaned down to look in the car at John. When he did his face came within inches of Mildred's and he took a deep breath of her scent. It flooded his head and he got a rush of excitement through his body.

"Listen, Frank. I'm on a mission today and I would like you to be part of it." Mildred touched his thigh with her hand, stroking the course, blue fabric, stretched across it.

"I'd also like to show my appreciation to someone who I know would protect me if I were in a helpless position." With those words Mildred pulled at the sash on her dress and it fell open slightly to expose her upper torso.

Frank gulped hard. Eying her small breasts and protruding nipples, he leaned into the car again, looking at John who grinned and gave him a thumbs up. Frank smiled at Mildred, a mischievous smile. 

"You know this is highly irregular, Mildred?" said Frank in a mock official tone.

"I know it is, Frank, but seeing as you're a friend of John's, I think we can trust each other. Mildred was beginning to unbutton the Officers uniform pants. She could feel that he was erect already just from their brief encounter. 

"Frank, your gun is loaded already!" she quipped. Both men laughed at her humor. John sat watching the events from the front seat, which pleased Mildred. She would enjoy the occasion more, now that she was performing for an audience.

As Frank leaned on the roof of the car and scanned the horizon for anyone approaching, Mildred pulled his stiff flesh out of his pants. It was a fat, medium length, circumcised penis with a large head. Hard, the skin was pull taunt, exposing the purple ringed corona.

Mildred sighed and engulfed the entire length in her mouth causing Frank to jerk back at the sudden wet sensation.

"Too fast for you?" she asked.

"Please, just continue," he pleaded and Mildred heard John's muffled laugh.

She did continue. She held on to his meat and moved her head to and fro, sliding her wet lips across the smooth skin. She felt the protruding veins and the rigid muscle as it glided across her tongue. Mildred felt Frank's fingers dance on her nipples and with her free hand she squeezed his fingers on her tits, showing him that she wanted him to be rougher. He did as he was shown and to reward him, Mildred took hold of his hairy ball sack. She heard him blow the air out of his lungs and she herself murmured with his meat stuffed in her cheek as she rolled his gonads round and round.

Mildred wanted to finish Frank off. She began to pump the length of his cock as she sucked on the head, faster and with a tighter grip. She could sense Frank was getting close by his breathing and the way he began to jerk his groin at her face. His hand pressed on her tits harder, mashing them to her chest.
