 I can't stand stupid bitches. They make my life so difficult sometimes. I'm one of the "nice" girls, who gets treated like shit by once "nice" guys who got fucked over. I don't toy with boys unless I feel it's necessary. . . 

I have a friend with a completely unappreciated boyfriend. She cheats on him cuz she feels she doesn't get enough attention from him and also because she's tired of him. (They've been together for 4 years.) 

But I see a man who's not getting enough attention from the woman he should. I see a man who deserves some TLC. I see a man I could please. . . 

I had spent the night over there, like I have numerous times. What can I say? They love me. I'm the coolest friend. She passed out on the couch during the movie. Well, me being the night owl I am, stayed up and watched it until the end. 

The noise from his alarm clock startled me. I waited and finally he hit the snooze. About as stubborn as I am in the morning. . . A few more taps of the snooze and I decided it was about time to wake him up. Don't want him to be late for work. He works hard to support her and her expensive tastes. 

I slipped into the darkened bedroom and walked over to the bed. He startled when I softly called out his name. Some people just don't wake up calmly. 

"It's getting late. You've got to wake up before you end up late for work," I scolded. 

He hit the pillow again and mumbled something about having plenty of time. 

I gave up and wandered out into the living room again. Just can't wake up a sleepy male. Or can you. . . 

Licking my lips, I sauntered back into the sleepy bedroom. "I'm gonna wake you up in the best possible way," I spoke softly into the air. 

As quietly as I could, I took the furry handcuffs she had bought off the closet door. I approached the bed cautiously. She told me he's a rather wild sleeper. And a black and blue eye just doesn't appeal to me much. 

"God, this just keeps getting easier and easier," I mumbled as I noticed how he was sleeping - on his back, with his hands over his head, left knee bent slightly. 

Gently, I clasped his wrists to the headboard and about jumped outta my skin when he moved in his sleep. My mouth watered as I neared preparedness for my scheme. I'm such a bad little kitty. 

I slid onto the bed and positioned myself between his legs. The scent of his sex hit my nostrils and I moaned with lust. The sunlight peeking through the blinds revealed to me his morning thoughts. Those dreams of his were going to become reality and we were going to enjoy every moment of it. 

My tongue lashed out and I began to trace the flap on his boxers - dipping in here and there as I trailed up towards the waistband. His cock jumped when my tongue flicked at the shaft. I had to have his cock. I needed his thickness between my lips. 

My fingers slipped under the elastic and slowly I moved his boxers down to reveal my prize. Hungrily, I gobbled down the shaft and let it grow with my deft movements. I rolled my tongue all over the mushroom head and flicked the tip. 

I heard the clink of the handcuffs as he woke up and tried to move his hands. Languidly, I slid my tongue up his shaft as I peered up at him. 

A flash of confusion crossed his eyes as he focused in the dim light. I shushed him with my lips pressed to the underside of the shaft. 

He looked back at his hands and I said, "If you'd like, I can remove those. I just didn't want you to sock me in the jaw." 

He nodded and I rose up on my knees, making sure to give his cock one good suck on the way up causing him to moan and bite his lower lip. I brushed over his body with mine as I moved up to unlock the cuffs. The heat of our bodies caused a storm of energy between us. 

I gasped as I felt the head of his cock slip between my moistened nether lips. 

The turmoil he felt was evident in his eyes. "Where's Marie?" he whispered, "If she catches us, she'll kill us both." 

Grinning, I said, "She's asleep. And you know how long she'll continue to do so. If you want me to stop, I can. I only wanted to please you and wake you up in the most agreeable way I could think of."

"Well, that was a rather enjoyable way to be roused," he moaned as I slid back and forth across the shaft of his cock. "Something has you rather switched on this morning too." 

I slid down his body again, laughing softly. "That has everything to do with this," I stated softly as I wrapped my lips around the head once more. 

He was very close to cumming as I bobbed up and down on his manhood. My tongue swirled around and around as I slipped up and down - cheeks sunken in as I milked him. Moaning with desire, I looked up to see him biting his lip. If he bit any harder, he'd bleed. 

Swiftly, I moved down to lick and suck his scrotum. The right hand stroked his moistened cock while my right cupped his balls. First one and then the other disappeared into my lusty mouth. My moans sent a shiver down his spine. 

Enough teasing. I had to have his seed. I wanted it to shoot down my throat. I swallowed down the shaft in the blink of an eye. My nose pressed against his groin. His eyes rolled back into his head and he gripped the sheets tightly. 

The velvet of my tongue was pressed against the underside of his shaft as I slurped him. Deep throating him over and over between gasps for air, made his cock that much harder. The veins bulged and his cock pulsed from the pressure. 

He was just barely able to tell me that he was going to cum any second before he shot his load into my mouth. The spray hit the back of my throat and slid towards my stomach. My hungry moans caused him to twitch and convulse, spilling all the cream he could muster. 

Grinning, I came up for air and lapped at the mushroom tip, cleaning his mess. My tongue rolled around the head and up and down the shaft a few times before I let him rest. 

"Yummy," I purred as I licked my lips, "Have a good day at work." 

With that, I left the room and slipped into my own bedroom and fell asleep with a sly grin on my face.