 Meeting a lover is always wonderful, but meeting Dawn in Hawaii was unbelievable. All I could do was think of her during the long plane ride. Getting away was a trick for both of us, but somehow we both managed it. Or at least I hoped that we had. Arriving in Maui about an hour before her, I paced around, hoping that she would appear, praying that she hadn't changed her mind.

When her flight arrived I anxiously waited for the passengers to deplane. "Where the heck is she?" I wondered to myself.

Finally, I saw her lovely face beaming at me from behind the crowd. When she finally made her way to me, I nearly crushed her in my arms.

I love the Islands, and I love Maui most of all, but sharing Maui with Dawn was almost too much to consider. Our embrace at the airport was only a prelude to our first night in our hotel love nest, and that, too, paled in comparison to what was to come.

It was Dawn who came up with the idea of going to the summit of Mt. Haleakala to make love at sunrise. I had seen the sunrise before and it had always been spectacular, almost spiritual.

Getting up in the dark and driving up the old dormant volcano was exciting, climbing the winding road in the dark, part of caravan of cars. I had to laugh at the one bold character pumping his 10-speed, wondering if he'd actually make it up the steep incline. After all, 12,000 feet is quite a climb.

Once at the summit, the real chore was to find a spot secluded enough to keep the prying eyes of the tourists away from us, but we managed to find a spot behind a large rock outcropping, a little ways off the path leading downward. We would have a great view of the sunrise, but still be sheltered from the view of the people at the summit.

Spreading the blanket out to make a little nest behind the rock, we watched each other undress. Dawn was so beautiful as the darkness began to be penetrated by the sun. She came to me and I folded her naked body into my arms and we kissed passionately.


My hard cock pressed against her stomach and she pulled back and smiled at me. "I like knowing that I can affect you that way. Mmmmm, I want you so badly right now," she whispered.

As my tongue probed her mouth, I felt her legs buckle a little. Holding her tightly, I coaxed her onto the blanket and began kissing her taught nipples, the very chilly air encircling us was pushed away by our growing passion.

As the sun rose, the first rays bathed us in their resplendent glory, the sky illuminated in a fantastic display of color. All of this was only a backdrop to Dawn's beauty and served only to incite me to further explore her body. Her nipples, brought to life by the chill and my kisses, were like sweet hard candy as I sucked them. Her fingers, moving along my back toward my ass, only encouraged me, the fervor of my kisses intensified as I explored her breasts, her neck, and her shoulders with them. The sensation of her skin on mine amid the glory of the sunrise electrified me! Never before had I felt so spiritual. I ached to join my spirit with hers, and, as our bodies became entwined, I truly felt that such a thing was possible. I gave myself fully to the moment and accepted her fully in return.

Dawn's breasts were heaving with desire, her tongue and mouth arousing me to monumental heights. As her hands slid down over my ass, she spread her legs and raised her knees. She began pushing down on the top of my head and I knew what she wanted. My hot kisses covered her stomach as I continued to move lower and lower with them, until arriving at her neatly trimmed pussy.

My tongue glided across her pubic area to her clit, already swollen and ready to be suckled. The sight of her pussy in the new morning sun filled me with desire. I began nibbling and sucking her clit and pussy lips, feeling her body respond to my gentle probes, her hands playing in my hair and guiding my head to the spots that gave her the most pleasure. Bringing her ankles up around my neck, she pulled me farther into her, the moisture from her pussy filling my mouth, and its fragrance filling my nostrils. 

I moved my hands underneath her ass to get a better grip and all three forces, her hands in my hair, her legs on my neck, and my hands on her ass, worked together to bring a closeness that was fantastic.

As my tongue moved back and forth over her clit, I felt her body tremble with pleasure, until her orgasm crashed forth, causing her to cry out loudly. In a brief flash of awareness I wondered if the people above had heard her, or were they still so enthralled with the heavenly display progressing across the sky?

Dawn's hands reached under my chin and began pulling me up to her mouth and we kissed passionately. "I need you inside me, I need to feel you filling me," she gasped.

Her hand grasped my hard cock and guided it into her steaming pussy, sliding it between her wet lips and deep inside her, her legs locking around me. "Fuck me, fuck me!" she moaned.

My brief concern about the people above us faded completely. I lost all awareness of my surroundings. The only thing that existed was Dawn.

Her frantic urging turned me into a man possessed. All that I cared about was driving myself as deeply into her as possible. My head began to spin. Was it from my sexual frenzy or simply the altitude? Dawn's legs tightened around me, pulling me more deeply into her. Despite the chilly air drops of perspiration fell from my forehead onto her breasts to join the pool of sweat already there. 

With each thrust, I felt I was going to explode, but somehow I didn't. With each thrust I watched her face contort as the pleasure washed through her body. She seemed to be fighting to make the plunge over the edge, and, at the same time, to keep the pleasure going.

My hard cock slammed into her pussy again and again, the thrill of taking her like this overwhelmed my being. Shockwaves of pleasure consumed me. I felt her squeezing me tightly, crying out, "Oh my god! Fuck me, fuck me, fuck me. I'm cumming!"

Her orgasm and moans took me over the edge. Just as the new born sun rose from the ocean, I plunged deeply into her soaking pussy, erupting fiercely, my cum splashing into her and mixing with her own juices. The pleasure was so great that I continued to move in and out of her. Dawn pulled me down closer to her and whispered to me hoarsely, "Don't stop, I'm going to cum again

"Cum for me, Dawn!" I whisper back, and she suddenly jerked, cumming again. I managed a few more thrusts before I collapsed, falling off her onto the blanket beside her. We lay there in the new day, breathing heavily, sweat pouring out of us. 

The morning's sun shone down on us. It was a glorious day. Sitting up, I looked at the sky. It was beautiful beyond belief. Taking her hand, I pulled Dawn up and we stood before the sunrise, stretching our arms out to the sky, our naked bodies bathed in sunlight.

Hearing a commotion behind us, we turned to see about half a dozen people looking at us from the adjacent path, clapping their hands. Smiling sheepishly, we quickly got dressed, gathered up our blanket and made our way back to the car. Once inside the car, we looked at each other before both suddenly erupting in laughter. "Oh my god," Dawn said. "I can't believe we just did that! I'm so embarrassed!"

"Well, Dawn, we have the whole day before us. Where to next?"

"Let's head down the highway to Hana. I know a spot along the way where people won't see us and the sand and the beach is beautiful!"

"Okay," I replied and started the car and pulled out of the visitor lot. As we moved down Mt. Haleakala, negotiating the many curves, I saw that Dawn was resting, her head back against the seat with her eyes closed. My god, Dawn looked so beautiful sitting there.

As the car rocked back and forth, I noticed that she had begun absent-mindedly playing with her breasts through her shirt, her nipples making little bumps in the fabric. Putting the car into low gear to let the engine help with the braking through the turns, I said, "Dawn, what are you doing over there? I'm getting turned on watching you play with your tits like that!"

Reaching over to try to cop a feel, I nearly swerved off the road. "Yikes!" I cried. "See you're gonna get us killed."

Dawn opened her eyes and said, "Oh, I was just reliving that sexy moment and wondering how many times you will make love to me today."

About a third of the way from the bottom of the old volcano, I saw the poor bike rider steadily pumping away, looking exhausted. "That guy is going to have a heart attack," I laughed.

"So," I asked, "where is this secret place of yours? At the Seven Pools? Wailua Falls?"

Dawn looked at me and smiled. Her eyes melted my heart. "The little place I know is nearly all the way to Hana. It has a black sandy beach and is very secluded. And by the time we get there, I'll be ready for some more of your sweet loving."

As we turned onto the road leading to the Hana Highway, Dawn's hands continued to stroke her breasts, but then, in order to tease me further, she placed her hand between her legs, rubbing her crotch lightly through her shorts. Closing her eyes, she said, "Mmmmm, I can see our bodies entwined on the beach, and I can feel your hard cock inside me."

Then she opened her eyes, and laughed, "But I will wait until we get there."

"Dawn, with you talking like that, I don't know if I can make it to Hana," I say as I try to shift my hard-on into a more comfortable position in my pants.

Soon we were traveling along the many turns and one-lane bridges of Maui's most famous stretch of road. I was probably driving a little faster than I should have because every time I glanced over at Dawn, I wanted her more, and that made me anxious to get to that beach.

After talking one particular curve a little too quickly, Dawn cried out, "Slow down, hun, and maybe I'll reward you for your safe driving."

I immediately slowed the vehicle down and when she reached over to touch my leg, I slowed even further.

Dawn's hand felt so good there and my cock felt like it was throbbing in my pants. She unzipped me, reached in, and after a bit of a struggle, managed to get my cock out. Leaning over, she took me into her mouth, running her tongue over its swollen head. I let out a deep moan and the car veered again.

Looking up she laughed, "Please drive carefully." And then she took me in her mouth again, sucking me in earnest.

The warmth and wetness of her mouth made me moan again, it felt so good. As she moved up and down on it, shivers of pleasure shot through my body. I gripped the steering wheel tightly as her head bobbed up and down in my lap. "Mmmmmm, Dawn, I can't drive in this condition. You're gonna make me crash!"

I manage to make it over the next one-lane bridge and find a side spot on the road where I could pull over. Pulling the lever on my seat, I tilted it back so that Dawn had more room, my hand moving to her head as my pleasure grew.

Dawn's hands unbuttoned my pants and slid them down, and I lifted my butt to help her. My cock and balls were totally hers. As she sucked me expertly, she caressed and squeezed my balls. Her tongue ran along my hardness all the way to the base and she took one of my balls in her mouth and sucked it gently, her hand teasing my ass with light strokes. She engulfed me again. The sensation was overwhelming and I knew that I was going to explode.

Feeling my cock begin to spasm, Dawn stroked me faster and faster until a jet of hot cum shot into the air, like a geyser erupting. She continued to stroke me until she was sure that I was finished, my hot cum oozing over her hands. "Did that help?" she asked impishly, as she wiped the cum from her hands and my pants.

"Thanks, Dawn," I said, "I needed that. I took her face in my hands and kissed her sweetly.

Laying back in her seat again, Dawn closed her eyes again.

Quickly pulling up my jockeys and pants, I rolled the car back out onto the road, once again continuing the trip to Hana. The two-hour ride allowed me to think of the fun to come on the black sand beach, and looking over at Dawn, my heart filled with such longing. I thought to myself, My God, Dawn, I can't get enough of you.

"Wake up, Dawn," I said finally, "we're almost to Hana. Where's this beach of your's?"

I laughed as Dawn woke up with a start. "Wait a minute while I get my bearings," she said, looking around frantically, whipping the sleep from her eyes. "Up there a bit, turn left on that little dirt road."

Turning, we wound our way down the road and soon came to the beach. There was no one in sight anywhere on the beautiful black sand. Parking the car behind a bush just to be safe, I stepped out of the car. Dawn jumped out of the vehicle and quickly started stripping her clothes off. As she ran toward the water, she yelled over her shoulder, "Catch me if you can!"

I was amazed at how fast she got out of her clothes, but the sight of her beautiful body running toward the surf was very enticing. Stripping my shirt of as I went, I started out after her. Taking my pants and jockeys off while running proved to be too much for me and I tripped and fell. As I lay on my back, I frantically pulled them off and then looked up to see my beautiful curly headed blonde cavorting in the water, her breasts gently bouncing as she frolicked among the waves.

Tossing my pants and shoes away, I joined her in the ocean. As I approached, Dawn splashed me and half-heartedly tried to get away. I managed to grab her and I held her tightly. As we embraced, the surf rushed over us, knocking us over, but we somehow stayed locked in our kiss. Bobbing up from the water laughing, I jumped up and tried to run back toward the black-sanded beach.

Dawn clipped my foot with her arm and I fell to the sand, where she pounced on me. We rolled around in the sand until a new wave washed over us, cleaning us off. Rolling her over onto her back, I pinned her arms down, while my body burrowed in between her legs.

Dawn looked at me with a crooked smile. "Why, darling, are you going to take me right here on the beach in the surf?"

I gave her an evil grin and she opened her legs wider. "Take me, take me now, I want it so badly."

"Oh, you want me badly, do you?" I said as I looked down on her beautiful face and body. Then I rolled over on my back, pulling her over on top of me. "Well, Dawn, if you want me that badly, you're going to have to take me! I want you to fuck ME!

Straddling my body, her wet pussy just inches from my hard cock, Dawn smiled and said "Like this?" as she lowered her pussy onto my throbbing cock. As she rocked back and forth on top of me, I plunged deeper and deeper into her. Finally, she pushed down hard and held me deep inside her, only making rotating movements with her hips, making my pelvic bone and cock press hard against her clit. Oh my god, she was really "fucking" me!

"Oh, Joe, it feels so good, so good!" she cried. In a moment she was cumming, and that put me over the edge again. I thrust up into her and erupted, joining her as we came together.

"Oh, Dawn, I didn't know it could be like this. I didn't know I could want a woman as much as I want you!" I said, pulling her down to kiss her once more, letting another wave wash over us.

We walked back toward the car, my arm around her naked body, basking in the beauty and heat of the tropical paradise. I pulled out the blanket and spread it out on the black sand. Dawn stretched out on the blanket and I began applying lotion to her tanned body. Kneeling beside her I kept thinking that I would wake up and discover that it was all just a dream. I loved the feel of her body under my hands. Leaning down I kissed her again. "How did you get to be so beautiful?" I asked. We spent the next half hour lying there, occasionally kissing, and almost constantly stroking each other. My hands caressed her breasts and her taut nipples felt so good.

She took her right breast and offered it to me. I eagerly took it and began sucking the erect nipple. As her body turned, her leg touched my flaccid cock and as she undulated slowly, I found myself becoming aroused again.

"My god!" she said. "Your cock is getting hard again already?" Getting up off of me, she taunted me, saying, "Well, if you want me again, you'll have to catch me!" and started walking backwards coyly toward a stand of palm trees, her hands caressing her body teasingly. "You like what you see?" she teased.

I got up slowly and give her a frustrated look. She laughed and stopped near one of the trees, leaning seductively against it, again holding her breasts in a display that only made me want her more. I walked quickly over to her, pulled her body close to mine and kissed her passionately once again.

"Why do I want you so badly?" I asked. "Dawn, you are driving me mad with desire! I think you are probably going to kill me today.".

She answered me by raising one leg up and wrapped it around my leg, while putting her arms around my neck. "You caught me," she cooed. "Now you have to fuck me again."

"No so fast," I said as I pushed her back against the tree and wriggled out from her leg. Dropping to one knee, I let my tongue enter her. She was so wet and the remnants of my cum was still there. The musk from her pussy filled my nostrils as I lapped our juices from her, gently massaging her ass at the same time. It was obvious that this dual attention was exciting her and she reached behind to brace herself against the trunk of the palm tree. 

Holding her ass more tightly, I pushed my tongue deep inside her and then let it glide upward toward her clit. My mouth engulfed her swollen clit and I sucked it harder. Soon Dawn was cumming for me, bathing my mouth and chin with her juices as she writhed before me.

When her body finally went limp, I stood up and kissed her again, letting my hard cock rub against her leg. "Okay, Dawn, now I'm going to give you that fucking that you wanted to badly." 

Pulling up her left leg, I positioned myself so that I could slide my cock into her as she leaned against the tree. She held onto my neck for dear life as I began moving in and out of her and she tossed her head and moaned with each thrust.

Her cries of pleasure only drove me to thrust into her harder and more deeply. When I felt her body tense with yet another orgasm, it was more than I could take. With one more thrust, my rock hard cock exploded in orgasm, my hot cum shooting into her. "Oohh, god!" I cried as I grabbed her waist and pulled myself into her. The wonderful sensation lingered on after I had finished cumming. When I pulled out, we both collapsed on the sand at the base of the tree, looking at each other, almost in disbelief at what we had shared that day. I leaned forward and kissed her sweetly.

We sat there for a long while in each other's arms, listening to the surf crash against the beach.

Hawaii was a paradise but it was nothing without Dawn. Never had I felt such desire. Never had I met a woman who desired me as much as I did her.

We eventually got dressed and drove into Hana to get something to eat. Dawn bought a grass skirt that she hinted would come into play back in our room. On the way back from Hana, we stopped and enjoyed some of the sights, the waterfalls, the quaint bridges, touristy kind of things. After all we had the whole week together.

Back at the hotel we bathed together and then went out to a romantic candlelight dinner. We didn't make it to desert though, and spent the night and the next day naked in bed. And that is how I discovered how to truly see Hawaii. Hehe..