 This is my first story, it is based entirely on fiction, please give me any feedback. 

*

The sun was a burning orb rising sedately from the blue waters of the pacific, its rays banishing the darkness of another balmy summer night and illuminating the sandy shore and its gently rolling waves. On that shore, bathed in the first light of day strolled two figures hand in hand. One was a tall, somewhat lanky blonde man decked out in casual loose fitting cargo pants and T-shirt, two jumpers gripped in one hand, now discarded by both in favor of the suns warmth. The second figure was slightly shorter, requiring tip-toes to see eye-to-eye with the man, not that either cared in the slightest about the discrepancy. The golden light highlighted the golden curls and sparkling blue eyes of a beautiful young woman. Her large firm breasts encased in a tight, white, strapless top that drew the eye in a way even more compelling than the dawn. Her long slim legs moved gracefully over the sand, their tops encased in a short black skirt that only hinted and the treasures that it encased. 

It is to my everlasting gratitude that the man described was myself; my companion on that fine morning was my wonderful friend Ashley. Words do no justice to her beauty, or the depth of her character. We had only met online several months before, yet had immediately found in each other a person who would be there for us when we needed them most. Neither of us felt ready for a long-term serious relationship at present so we contented ourselves to being great friends.

We came to be together on that secluded beach on that gorgeous morning after a conversation the previous evening that neither of us had taken the time to really appreciate a good sunrise for several years, always finding ourselves too wrapped up in our busy lives to make the effort. Thus we found ourselves on the beach, sand between our toes with not another soul in sight. As we walked along the shore we talked of this and that, or allowed conversation to lapse into comfortable silence as we both admired the beauty of nature.

It was as we neared the end of our beach, where the sand disappears into rocks that Ash turned to me. "You know Karl, this place is so romantic, I feel all tingly inside. Wouldn't it be and experience to fuck each others brains out, right here, right now!" Now I can tell you, I've had a deep felt yearning for Ashley from the moment I laid eyes upon her tremendous body, but it was her mind that drew me in, so I pushed my lustful thoughts aside and focused on her as a person. Hearing those coarse words emitted from her usually polite mouth stunned me to the core! I was barely able to nod and stutter and barely audible "yes" in answer. Other parts of my body were not nearly so hampered, my penis became instantly as hard as the rocks strewn amongst the sand around us, and strained against my pants in a way that was immediately noticeable to Ash. With a smile that resembled the Cheshire cat's she led me into the rocks with an unspoken promise of finding wonderland.

Crossing several sets of boulders we found ourselves in a delightful little den of smooth stones enclosed by weathered rock formations, the open side facing the glorious ocean and the still climbing sun. I was given very little time to appreciate my surroundings as Ash turned and wrapped her arms around my neck, pulled me down and kissed me full on the lips, her full boobs pressing against my chest as her lips met mine. With only a seconds hesitation I dropped our jumpers and wrapped my arms around her, pulling her body tight against mine. Her dainty tongue flicked across my lips only to be met by my own in a wonderful duel of pleasure. With our tongue entwined I slipped my hands down onto her shapely ass, eliciting a slight moan from her as I squeezed her smooth cheeks through her skirt, my hard cock pressing against her crotch through our clothing. 

To my disappointment she pulled her lips away from mine, the sun raising a golden halo around her that left me breathless. Yet before I could make a move to bring our lips back into close contact she reached down and gently released her wondrous breasts from their confinement. Upon seeing their perfect form, not a hint of sag, and firm little pink nipples that just cried out to be sucked and worshipped, I was at a loss for words. I have no doubt that my eyes conveyed to her everything I could not say, as she simply smiled as I moved forward and reverently took her globes in my hands. They were too large to fit in my hand fully, yet that did not stop me from trying to grasp all that soft flesh in my palms. I brought my mouth in to suckle on her right nipple, making it harden in a way that brought a sigh to Ash's lips, before crossing over to repeat the process on the other. 

Once again she pulled back from my touch, and once again I marveled at her beauty in the dawn light. This time she had a much cheekier smile in place as she lowered herself to kneel on our discarded jumpers. Agonizingly slowly she reached out and drew down my pants, her eyes twinkling with lust at the sight of my 8" meat. Still moving slowly she gently wrapped her hand around my shaft and gently licked the swollen tip, causing me to groan with incredible pleasure. Locking me with her eyes she bathed my cock with her tongue while gently stroking the shaft with her petite hand. I noticed that her other hand had disappeared under her skirt and was moving rhythmically in the sunlight, her breasts moving in harmony. All thought of this compelling sight was banished from my brain as Ashley sucked my member into the back of her throat and ran her tongue along the underside of my shaft. I was in heaven! She held my like this for what seemed like hours, yet before I could get over exited and end of wondrous outing prematurely she pulled her mouth of my cock and blew a cool steam of air over the head while looking straight into my eyes.

After this incredible sensation I had to return the attention! I raised her up and planted a deep searing kiss on her lips, tasting the saltiness of my pre-cum on her tongue. While her eyes were still closed from the intensity of the kiss I rapidly bent her over to learn her arms against a conveniently located smooth boulder. Raising up her skirt I revealed a skimpy black g-string barely covering her bald and dripping sex, wonderfully illuminated by the warm sun at our backs. Leaning forward I gently kissed the center of her wet crotch, making her moan and thrust back toward me. Not one to keep a lady waiting I swiftly pulled down her panties and thrust my tongue into her wetness, causing her to cry out so loudly that I momentarily feared that other morning walkers would hear. This fleeting thought was quickly dispelled as I brought my fingers into contact with her swollen pink clit, my tongue continuing to thrust into her. As her moans intensified I realized she was getting close. Using my other hand I dipped my index finger into her wetness and began to massage the walls of her love tunnel. With the fingers of both hands hard at work, my tongue found its way to Ash's tight little pucker, bathing the pink star in spit. All this was more than my goddess could take, with a piecing shriek she came, her pussy flooding my hands with her juice. 

Giving her a few moments to recover I pulled her back onto my lap as I sat on our jumpers and held her close. Soon she was trying to kill me with mind-blowing kisses while shifting herself to straddle me and guide my rigid cock into her tight pussy. As my penis entered her we both stopped our tongue wrestling and savored the sensation of her tight opening stretching to accept my girth. I reached one hand round to grasp her firm buttocks, the other holding her wondrous breast, as with agonizing slowness she lowered herself onto my rod. The feeling of her pussy around my shaft was incredible, her inner muscles rippled and clenched around me in such a way that made me feel like I would cum on the spot! 

Ash soon distracted me but thrusting her tongue into my mouth while staring deep into my eyes. I was so enraptured by those bottomless blue orbs that I lost all thoughts of orgasm and was free to enjoy the pleasure we were sharing as she began to raise and lower herself with increasing speed on my cock. I brought both hand to grasp her tight butt cheeks as I matched her rhythm, spearing deep inside her, causing my beautiful nymph to moan in ecstasy. The golden light illuminating the joining of our bodies out nature made a scene so picturesque I wish I had my camera to capture the moment. 

Ashley's rapid breathing brought me back to the moment, I could tell she was going to cum again with my tight pussy wrapped around me. With my right index finger I pressed gently against her asshole, applying pressure in rhythm with our thrusting, until my first digit was inside her orifice. At the same time I brought my mouth to her breasts and sucked a nipple hard. This intense feeling made my girl arch her back and scream her pleasure to the world. Her pussy clenched down on my cock so hard I could no longer move, while my finger was forced from her rapidly tightening ass. I wrapped my arms around he shaking body and kissed her neck gently as she recovered from that incredible orgasm.

Sitting with my cock buried to the hilt in her warmth I keenly felt the need to cum. Speaking for the first time since we entered this magical place I asked her where she would like my cum. "I want to taste it" came the immediate reply, making my cock jump inside her to her surprise. Lifting her off of me I had her kneel of our abused jumpers once again and press those magnificent breasts around my shaft. As I thrust between her boobs to the rhythm of the surf she stuck out her cute pink tongue to lick the head while looking into my eyes, the suns golden rays making her eyes sparkle and her white boobs glow. It did not take much of this sensory overload for my orgasm to rip through me, Ashley taking my cock into her mouth and swallowing every drop of my seed as I experienced the most intense sensation of my life. 

I came back to reality sitting on our jumpers with Ash snuggled against me. As we sat taking in the view and relishing the glow of our coupling we both agreed that we should take the time to watch the sunrise more often.