 Dawn gripped the steering wheel tightly as she came up on the coffee shop again. She had spent the three trips around the block gathering her courage to park and get out. Knowing that if she didn't do it this time, she would probably just go home, and that was something she felt she would regret for the rest of her life.

Steeling herself, she signaled, and turned into the last parking spot. Shutting the engine off, she let her head drop onto the wheel, her heart racing.

Over the past few months, Dawn had felt that something was missing from her life, spice or adventure, she wasn't sure what. Perhaps it was a mid-life crisis or pre-menopause, or just a long marriage to a man who had become too familiar. Who knew? But during that time, she found a world that was intriguing to her, for she had taken the on-line plunge, and found some fun in chatting and surfing. She was especially taken by the attention her presence on Instant Messenger had caused. Suddenly she was chatting with all kinds of people. And men interested her most.

And there seemed to be an almost endless supply of men! At first she dutifully responded to each inquiry, but there were so many, she found she could be selective. Those men that were coarse or demanding, she ignored. A man had to be able to talk about other things than the size of his cock or what he wanted to do to her. The men Dawn drifted to were smart, and funny, and charming, and could talk about all kinds of things.

Still, a sexy chat was quite appealing, and it was so nice to know that men were attracted to her. She started to become curious about what it would be like having sex with another man. Would it be very different that what she did with her husband. Would it be more exciting? More adventuresome?

One of the nicest men she met on-line was Joe. He didn't hit on her and seemed genuinely interested in her. They talked mainly about family, hobbies and interests. He was quite charming, very polite, and smart. Yes, Joe was a nice guy. Her conversations with him were comfortable. It was as if they had been chatting for months instead of days. She found that she could talk to him about anything, and after a while, they did have quite sexy conversations. His flirting was obvious but she liked his style, he seemed to know how to talk to a woman, and she quickly began to look forward to seeing his name lit on IM. During one of their sexy conversations, she confessed her fantasy about having sex with another man, but not a stranger.

"Do you think you could go through with it if an opportunity arose?" Joe asked.

"I really don't know," she replied, and she really didn't. 

The next few conversations between them seemed to center on this topic. What did each like sexually? What experiences had they each had? What would they like to do that they hadn't done before? And so on. These conversations ultimately led to some quite satisfying cybering.

"Dawn, if you were here right now, I'd give you a kiss", Joe said.

"And if I were there, I'd let you"

"But this would be a deep passionate kiss, not just a peck on the cheek."

"Mmmm", she answered back.

"And my hands would start to roam."

"Oh". This possibility startled Dawn but it also made her feel warm inside. Could she really let herself be intimate with another man.

"I wouldn't stop you," she finally typed back.

"Oh, really? Well, Dawn, I really like you and I know you like me, too. Would you consider meeting? We could chat over coffee, and perhaps, eventually, you could live out your fantasy."

Stopping dead in her seat, Dawn imagined what it might be like. She surprised herself because she was actually considering it. This wasn't the first time that a man she was chatting with had suggested meeting. But it was the first time that she thought she might want to follow through.

"Dawn? Did I lose you? Are you there?" came the typed questions.

"Uh huh"

"I didn't mean to throw you off. I'm sorry."

"No, its okay. I was just taken aback a little."

"Oh, so you'd consider it?"

"Ummmm, yes, I think I would."

"Well, why don't we meet for coffee. Just coffee. But if it feels right, we can always make other arrangements."

Without really thinking about it too much Dawn agreed to a meeting. Just coffee. Just chat. Well, maybe a kiss, too, she thought to herself.

That was a week ago, and here she sat, head against her steering wheel, outside the coffee shop where they had agreed to meet.

Dawn almost jumped out of her skin when there came a tap-tap at her window. Looking up she saw Joe standing there motioning for her to roll down the glass.

"Are you going to sit there all day?" he asked, laughing.

They had exchanged pictures and he had even turned his cam on a couple of times as they chatted, but he looked so much better in the flesh. Yes, a little grey, with little love handles, but his eyes sparkled and he had the sweetest smile.

Gathering herself, she opened the door. It was now or never!

"How are you, Dawn?" Joe asked as he put her arms around her in a greeting hug.

Dawn felt like she was going to pass out, and she pressed up against him to keep from falling, causing him to hold her all the more tightly.

"You okay?" he asked again, holding her face in his hands, a concerned look on his face.

As Dawn looked up into his eyes, she barely got the "Uh huh" out before he kissed her.

Electric shocks surged through her body and she melted into him, kissing him back with more passion than she remembered ever being capable of.

"Wow!" he said when the kiss finally broke off. "Did you feel that?"

"Uh huh" was all she could say.

"Should we get that coffee now?"

"Uh uh"

"Was that a 'no'?"

"Uh huh"

Joe grabbed Dawn's hand and said, "I have a room at the Holiday Inn around the corner. Would you like to go there?"

"Uh huh"

"Are you sure?"

"Yes, yes, I'm sure," she said. It was if she was in a dream. Was she really going to go to a hotel with him? Was she actually doing this?

Walking the short distance to the hotel, they made their way up to Joe's room. All the way Dawn felt as if she was floating, almost as if she was apart from her body, watching events unfold.

Joe opened the door and pulled Dawn inside. Closing the door behind them and pushing her back against the door, he kissed her again, deeply, passionately, intensely. This time she threw her arms around him and, again, kissed back with the same intensity.

Pulling her into the room they stood by the bed. True to his word, Joe's hands roamed over her body. It felt wonderful. 

Her heart beating savagely, as she realized that Joe was undressing her. His hands moved over her body, unzipping, unclasping, pulling and tugging. Dawn stood there quietly enjoying all the sensations. Turning her head she saw them both in the mirror by the vanity. This man, not her husband, was undressing her. She was nearly nude and the image of Joe's hands caressing her was overwhelming. She saw him as he bent down to kiss her. She felt his sweet lips on hers and she closed her eyes. His kisses trailed down her neck to her shoulders and she shivered. And then the kisses moved down to her breasts and she felt the warmth of his lips sucking her taut nipples, first one then the other, his hands cupping them gently.

Pushing Dawn back to the bed, Joe gently lay her down, her head on a pillow, and he let her watch as he removed his own clothing. Mesmerized by this sight, Dawn nearly swooned. She was having trouble believing what was happening. Was she really laying naked on a man's bed watching him undress? Was it all just a dream? Was she still sitting in the car, head on the steering wheel?

"You look so beautiful," he said as he came forward toward, "good enough to eat." Dawn, lay fully exposed to him, her heart pounding, her head reeling. Taking her feet in his hands, Joe began kissing them. Again Dawn closed her eyes, enjoying the sensation. As Joe's kisses moved to her ankles, then to her calves, to her thighs, her breathing became deeper and faster. She knew were he was going and the thought of it was almost to much to bear.

Feeling his hot tongue moving along her inner thigh, Dawn moaned a deep guttural moan. She could feel his hot breath between her legs as he moved closer. When she felt his tongue part her pussy lips her breath caught in her throat and it wasn't until she felt his tongue move up to her clit that she was able to exhale.

As Joe explored every fold of her pussy with his tongue, his fingers began to probe her as well. Everything she loved to have done to her, things her husband rarely did, Joe was doing. Dawn was in heaven. It felt so good. So pleasurable. And the orgasm was so sudden and intense that it took her by surprise. Yet, he still kept his attention there. Moving her hands to his head, she ran them through his hair as he licked her until she came again, this one just as intense as the first.

When he stopped she opened her eyes to see his smiling face. "Mmmm, you make the sexiest sounds," he said.

Her eyes moved from his face to his cock, which he was stroking as he stood before her. "Now its time to live your fantasy, Dawn."

The words made Dawn quiver. She was frightened as much as she was turned on. She wanted him now. More than anything. 

Getting up onto the bed and kneeling before her, Joe placed his hands on her thighs. He could feel the tension in them and he could only guess what was going on in Dawn's head.

Dawn closed her eyes as she felt the head of his cock press against her open and wet pussy. A stab of fear shot through. Was this really happening?

Exerting pressure, Joe's cock slid effortlessly into Dawn. The pleasure was overwhelming for her. Her eyes closed tightly as she felt every stroke. It felt so good, the pleasure was so intense so different. Something was happening to her. Deep inside her. Something so good. Rushing up from her pussy through her soul. "Oh my god! What's happening to me?" she gasped. The feeling exploded inside her. Dawn lost track of all reality as wave after wave of pleasure washed over her.

Dawn lay there quivering, as Joe's last strokes subsided. "Mmmmm, that was a big one!"

A big one? thought Dawn. Then she realized that she had cum. Her first vaginal orgasm. Until that moment she had only been able to cum by oral or manual stimulation. Her husband had never made her cum that way. Dawn's face turned into one big smile.

"I want another one!" she laughed.

Joe laughed too, and the two of them spent the rest of the afternoon making all of Dawn's fantasies come true and a few of Joe's as well.