 Finally, the kids were off at school, and hubby was working. Kate hadn't had any time to herself in quite some time, and was really looking forward to her day at the spa.

Never having had a massage from a man, she was rather nervous. Questions raced through her mind; was he going to treat her with respect? Would he be too rough? Was he going to be attractive? Would he keep his hands where they were supposed to be? 

This last question spawned another set of thoughts...what if he didn't? Would it be so bad? Maybe she was a bit tantalized by the thought that something more might develop from this. Maybe she would like the feel of a strong pair of anonymous hands rubbing her ass and nether regions. She began to feel a tingling sensation between her legs as her mind wandered through the possibilities.

As she negotiated the city streets, Kate realized that the traffic lights were all with her, unusual for this time of day. The typical 45 minute ride to the spa was looking like only 20. She might even have time for a soak before her massage!

Coming around the last turn, she found a parking space not even half a block from the place. This day was shaping up to be quite a good one! Kate walked through the front entrance, a big smile on her face, and said her hellos to the concierge. Confirming her appointment, she asked if there were any hot tubs available. Gina informed her that one of the elite rooms had a cancellation, and was available at the standard rate. Arrangements were made, and the concierge guided her through the glass door to a softly lit lounge filled with stuffed chairs. 

Handing her a silk robe and slippers, Gina showed Kate to her room, which turned out to be so much more than just a hot tub. The space was beautiful, open and sunlit from skylights above. A waterfall flowed down to a soaking pool surrounded by ferns and tropical plants. 

She was shown the amenities, and informed that she could make herself at home. Gina offered her the option to have her massage in this room, which she was delighted to accept. Shortly, the door closed and Kate was alone in this tropical paradise. 

She lingered in the private shower, which had sprays from all directions and soaps with unusual, sweet but earthy scents. The spray from the showerheads brought back that tingling feeling Kate had experienced earlier, particularly the ones directed low. Thoughts of this unknown man touching her in all the right places crept back into her imagination, encouraging her to feel seductive.

She soaped herself, her hands lingering on her stomach. Working the lather into her skin, her hands traveled up her body, surrounding one breast, then the other, brushing her nipples. A warmth began to grow down below, as she tweaked and teased her nipples, feeling them become firm and aroused. She soaped her face, down the back of her neck, and pictured this handsome man fondling her nape, caressing her skin, making love to every inch of her.

Tracing the soapsuds down her torso, she found the center of her desire, lips already beginning to swell, a slick moisture inside blending with the fragrant soap she applied. What began as a semblance of cleaning quickly became something much more sensuous, as fingers deftly found all the right spots, teasing a hardening nub, and sliding deeper inside. In her mind's eye, her masseur was rubbing his oils into her....all the way in. His hands warm and strong, thick with muscle, and quite practiced in the art of seduction. She began to feel a shudder deep inside as she stroked herself, slowly and evenly, imagining his fingers probing, teasing. The shudder became a shake, breath becoming jagged and heavy. Soon she was engulfed in a feeling of euphoria, the kind that only comes from certain activities, of which she intended to partake several times before her visit was done.

Her mind and body settling, Kate rinsed, allowing the soap to slide down her body. She shut the water off and took the towel from its hook, wrapping it around herself. The feel of soft, warm fabric against erect nipples sent a shiver down to her groin, and she knew this was going to be a very enjoyable morning.

A short walk across the smooth stone floor, and she found herself peering through steam into the pool. The trickling sound of the waterfall, placement of the foliage and all that glorious sunlight streaming through the glass roof created a feeling of being on a tropical island. She dipped her toe into the pool.....ahhhh perfect temperature, like a hot bath.

Dropping the towel to the floor, she put her foot in, then the other. The heat was enough that she took a moment to accustom herself to it, drawing it up lithe legs, then stepping in a bit further. Now, up to her knees, she splashed herself gently, scooping water onto her thighs and belly. The feel of warm water trickling down her skin to her sensitized mons and lips was enough to make her sigh, as she drew a handful up and let it run over her full beasts. Her hands followed the stream, cupping, squeezing that soft, firm flesh, then tweaked her nipples. So aroused was she, that she began to feel that throbbing again. Her nipples were hard and protruding, aching and yet yearning to be pinched and pulled. Not one to hold back in situations like this one, Kate pulled and teased, bringing herself closer and closer, biting her lip, imagining her lover biting and sucking as he plunged deep into her.

Her knees became wobbly as the first wave came over her. Slumping down into that luxurious water, she found a bench which allowed her to sit comfortably, covered to her breasts. When standing, she hadn't noticed the jets of water. But as she sat, it was undeniable that the tube of pressurized water pushing against her thigh felt quite nice. She maneuvered herself around so that this pulsing column was directed between her parted thighs, and began stroking herself in earnest. It began as a twitch in her belly, but grew and grew until her body pulsed in rhythm to her stroking. Her lover was now hammering into her, sweat mixing with steam, glistening off his body, water splashing between them and into her with every thrust.

The twitch became stronger, moving to her gyrating hips, a heat generating from inside that moved up through her. Kate gasped as a wave of orgasm overtook her, causing her entire body to clench, and a rush in her brain. Then another wave, fingers buried deep inside being gripped tight, not wanting to let go. A third, stronger spasm forced her to moan loudly and a rush of fluid gushed from deep within, mixing with the jet relentlessly pushing its way into her. 

A lightheadedness overcame our heroine, along with a feeling of sublime satisfaction. She slumped back into the pool of warmth and sighed deeply, allowing herself to absorb the experience thoroughly. Shivers ran through her, trailing remnants of the orgasm that was so satisfying, creating a ripple pattern in the water that seemed to emanate from her thighs.

In her distractedness, Kate completely forgot that she had originally come for a massage. This little world of steam and sensation had so engulfed her that she was unaware of anything beyond it. Looking around now, she realized that there was a massage table set at the far end of the room with soft linens and another smaller table with a candle and oils. She hadn't remembered seeing these before and suddenly became very self-conscious. Had someone been in there while she was engrossed in her fantasy? 

But then something overcame her that was stronger than her self-consciousness. The thought that someone had been watching, and possibly the person who would soon have their hands all over her, brought out a very animalistic craving in her. She wanted to be handled, everywhere! Every spot on her body was aroused at this thought. She couldn't remember the last time her nipples had been this erect, and that pulsing sensation between her thighs was back in full force.

A gentle knock on the door brought her to her senses. She startled, almost jumping out of the pool and grasping for her robe. Confused between arousal and self-consciousness, Kate took a deep breath. What if it was some homely, creepy guy? She told herself that the worst case would be that she would get a good massage. Beyond that, who knew?

Another deep breath helped calm her as she made her way to the door. Bracing herself, she opening it, and was happily surprised to find a gentleman with a pleasant face, not stunning but not ugly either. She gave him a quick once over, realizing that he had a nice physique, and had a very friendly smile. Reaching out a hand, he introduced himself as Greg. His hand was big and strong, and Kate knew that her fun was not over yet.

Greg's demeanor was relaxed and confident as he entered the room. He mentioned that he was to be her massage therapist for the next hour and a half, and asked if Kate had ever had a massage before. As they talked, he headed for the table, and began arranging his oils and lotions. 

Again, that feeling of embarrassment came over Kate, as she realized he knew where everything was, and was probably the one who set up the table. Had he heard her in the shower? Seen her in the pool? It was impossible to tell from his comments or actions, so she decided to just let it go and enjoy herself.

Trying to determine how she liked to be worked on, Greg asked about where she held tension, how much pressure she liked, and if there were any areas of her body she preferred to be left alone. To this last question, she blushed, and said none at all. The way she said it came out sounding much more provocative than she had ever intended, which made her blush even more.

She noticed a slight grin on Greg's face, and heard him say something about discretion. Kate was so flustered that she didn't even get the whole sentence, but could tell from his tone and the look that he was no angel. Her embarrassment began to turn to excitement at the thought that this could actually be happening!

As Greg was mid-sentence saying he would leave the room and let her get settled into the table, Kate dropped her robe, exposing her aroused body for him to take in. She sauntered sexily to the table, pulled back the top sheet, and, making sure that he got maximum view of her legs, lay sideways, rubbing a foot up the inside of the other thigh, while looking longingly over her shoulder directly at him. She couldn't believe how juiced up she was; just that movement moistened the tops of her legs, and she thought she felt a trickle running down her thigh toward the table. Sliding under the top sheet, she laid on her back, leaving herself exposed down to the hips, nipples pointing hard toward the ceiling, and waited.

Greg cleared his throat, and did his best to remain professional. Approaching the table, he gingerly pulled the top sheet over her body to just under her chin. It was impossible to miss the two swollen nipples poking through the sheet, but he pretended not to notice, at least for the time being.

Pulling his stool to the head of the table, Greg sat and placed his hands on Kate's shoulders. The sensation of his touch made her shiver, drawing in a sharp breath. His warm, strong hands rested there for a few moments, and she felt herself begin to calm. Eyes closed, she could feel her body settle in to the warm softness of the table. Almost imperceptibly at first, he began kneading her shoulders, first the left, then the right, then back, causing them to relax and feel heavy. So comfortable was she that when he removed his hands, she yearned for them.

Through closed eyes, she felt the soft sheet drift away from her chest, then tuck in at the sides, just covering her breasts. A smell of lavender filled the space, and those warm mitts touched her naked skin, slick with oil. Mmmmmmmmm, such a sensual feeling, hands sliding down the front of her chest, stopping just above her nipples and swirling back up along shoulders and neck, resting just under the back of her head. Another pass, this time sliding under the sheet, between her breasts, onto her stomach, then back along the sides of her body, brushing against the flesh that fell away to the sides. Her nipples were ready to explode, as these hands kept circling, getting closer with each pass.

Once more, and this time, Greg's hands came under each breast, cupping them, gently rubbing the folds beneath. Then sliding up over, they settled on her waiting nipples. He massaged them with flat hands first, then softly pinched each between a thumb and finger. Kate's sigh let him know that the intended effect was received. Another pinch, this time a bit harder, as the tips grew more pronounced. She let out a soft moan, and rubbed her legs together, feeling herself ooze out all over the table.

Her movements did not go unnoticed, and warranted a response. Removing his hands, a fresh burst of lavender, and again that warm slickness moving slowly down the front of her body, over her belly, swirling around to her hips. Another circle passed across her mons, then down to her soaked lips. She moaned louder this time, and opened her legs for easier access. She could feel his warmth next to her face as he reached ever further down. Opening her eyes for a moment, she could make out a large, distinct bulge in his loose chinos so close to her. She thought she could smell his man smell mixed with the lavender and it sent a wave of excitement racing through her entire body.

Repositioning himself down the table, Greg moved the drape lower, accessing Kate's legs, and exposing her aroused body to the warm, moist air. With a fresh application of oil, his hands easily slid along the tops of her thighs, taking in her soft, pliant flesh. Slowly gliding toward her knees onto her calves, he eventually found her feet, cupping them in each hand. He gently massaged the bottoms, feeling the tension melt away as he stroked and caressed sensually. The return trip followed along the insides of her legs, up and up and up, gently pushing them apart, opening her, exposing her wanton desire. Her hips responded by curling up off of the table uncontrollably, as a moan escaped from her lips. 

Her pussy longed to be touched, and her body writhed as his hands teased and stroked, sensitizing every nerve ending. She felt pulses of sexual energy beginning where his contact was, traveling through her groin and right to her brain. A mild warm, dizzy feeling began to overcome her, and every cell of her body was alive. 

Enjoying the effect he was having, Greg inched closer to her parted lips with each stroke, taking in the feel of her warmth, the smell of her arousal, the way her body moved under his touch. The drape pushed sufficiently out of the way, he had a perfect view of her love flower, open and slick with her juices. His erection was full and solid, and he knew exactly what to do to bring her to the brink.

Another pass, and this time his hand slid right over her swollen lips, dropping just inside. Her juice flowed out onto his hand as she moaned and bucked into him. Opening herself wider, Kate's knee fell out against his rigid tool, and he couldn't help but grind into it, while his fingers found their way deep inside her. 

Immediately she clamped down on his hand, her breath becoming short, and her hands coming up to hold her breasts. He felt the telltale spasms from inside her body, and knew that she was having a fairly strong orgasm. Holding steady until it passed, fingers buried inside her, he wanted to ride the crest, bringing her to that state over and over.

Kate looked into his eyes, that smoldering animal look that begged for more. She took his hand in hers, and began to grind herself into him, enthralled with the feeling his fingers were evoking as they slid in and out of her. Pressing his palm into her clit, she pushed up into him hard as another wave of orgasm rolled though her. 

Greg curled his fingers inside her soaked hole, seeking out that elusive spot that drives women wild. Ahhh....there it was, soft and receptive...pulling into it firmly, slowly, rhythmically....a little faster...harder.....Kate's body squirmed on the table, hips humping into him, juices oozing, coating his hand.....faster....harder.....her breath quickening, sheen of sweat over her entire body as her breasts heaved....another spasm shooting through her, causing her to yelp and reach out.

She grabbed onto Greg's swollen rod and squeezed hard as her mind spun with ecstasy...a rock to hold onto in the crashing waves of orgasm.

Now it was his turn to moan. Feeling Kate's firm grip around him sent a shiver up his spine. Greg thrust his hips toward the table, a full relief of his rigid member outlined in fabric through her fingers. Her eyes made their way down, a look of sheer lust burning a hole in his trouser. 

She fumbled to get to the zipper, which was pulled tight from within. It stuck at first, but then one good yank and it was down, exposing the black silk boxers beneath. Reaching in, she was met with an unbelievable heat, and the smell of his arousal, a sweet musky odor that spurned her on. She found his cock, and gripped it through the silk, stroking its length, and sighing again. Veins could be felt, and a strong ridge at the top...she pulled against this, looking up at Greg's face, enjoying the look of pleasure in his eyes.

Greg undid the belt buckle and button of his chinos, letting them fall to the ground. Following her lead, he made his way toward the top of the table, his silk wrapped tool her divining rod. She pulled him close to her face, her warm breath on him as she unwrapped his meat, brushing it lightly against the softness of her cheek. Oooohhhhh so nice, the feeling of skin on skin, as lips kissed softly around the head...down the shaft...to the top of his sack. She pulled at his boxers, exposing swollen balls with little tufts of trimmed hair. Warm fingers cupped his balls, causing him to moan again, and her lips wrapped around the head.

The salty taste, mixed with musky body smell, incited Kate to take more of him. She wanted to see his reaction, feel his body shake, be the cause of his helpless release when he couldn't hold back any more. Rolling onto her side for better vantage, she stroked his naked cock, pulling it further into her mouth, sliding her tongue around that swollen head. Pushing him away just a little, she took him in with her eyes; his sturdy, muscular legs, tight thighs, curls of brown hair on his belly and groin, the hard, veined column that jutted out toward her. This was someone she wanted inside her. But first, she wanted to tease him a little. Grabbing him firmly, she tongued the head, looking into his eyes, enjoying the slightly crazed look on his face. Sucking him in, more and more, until she was choking on him, then bobbing her head, fucking him with her mouth. 

It took all his concentration not to blow right there. The sight of her sexy body laid out on its side along with what she was doing to him with her mouth was pushing him to the brink. Deep, slow breaths. He knew this was the way to slow down the inevitable peak that his body raced toward.

He reached down and found a breast, massaging the flesh softly, then tweaking the nipple gently, then harder. It became firm in his fingers, and distended. Greg's other hand began sliding down her side to the curve of her exposed hip, massaging the soft flesh there, investigating the crevasses, finding the slickness between her legs, spreading it. He brought his fingers to his lips and tasted.....mmmmmm divine. He knew he had to be in her. Moving himself away from the table, he headed toward her side, his hardness swaying as he walked. 

Kate looked back at him with a slutty smile, knowing she wanted the same thing he did. She pushed her ass off the edge of the table, exposing herself so that he could have his way. She felt his hands on her, a finger slide inside, then a second, and a third. Greg worked the three fingers around in her, collecting her fluids, then stroking his member with them. Shining and slick, this weapon was ready, and its target was in full view. 
