 Author's Note: My job as a college professor (Humanism and Life Sciences) enables me to conduct a wide range of research. During one series of student interviews relating to how individuals actually became sexually active, a female student named Dawn W. told me the following. That every word is true, at least as her memory recalls the actual events, I have no doubt. And it is hot! In fact, I found it so incredibly hot that I have masturbated countless times while reading it, and my now ex-wife found it so hot she made dozens of copies and mailed them to all her friends. Now I want to share it with you...

* * * * *

I was a highschool cheerleader from my sophomore year on. At the end of a basketball game during my senior year, one of the photographers who had been shooting action pictures of the game walked up to me and handed me his business card. He introduced himself as Matt C., and told me that I had a nice figure. He said that, if I ever wanted to do some glamour photos, to give him a call. He said he always paid scale or better, even for new models, if they worked out. I was ecstatic because modeling has always been a secret lifelong dream.

I gave him a call the next day, and we arranged for me to meet him at his studio on Saturday morning. I arrived at 9:00 a.m. sharp, and he escorted me into his private office. He told me he really liked my petite figure and I had a lot of potential as a model. I loved the personal attention he seemed to be showing me. Then he had me sign some model release papers. 

Once that was completed he led me back into one of the photo rooms. He went to a rack of clothes, picked out a rather conservative negligee, and handed it to me. He instructed me to remove all undergarments because photos often capture what the eye overlooks. Then he showed me the changing room door. I went in and put it on. I remember thinking that I really felt sexy right then.

I came out and we began the shoot. He had me lay and kneel in various positions on a big bed that was the main prop. He told me to raise the hem of the negligee just a tiny bit to add some sexy realism to the photos. I did, and felt so mature that I could follow his instructions without hesitation. Then he had me stand by the bed for some more poses, bending over in a few shots to intentionally show some cleavage. My breasts weren't very big, but they fit my overall figure very nicely.

The photo shoot moved right along, with me modeling quite a number of really nice and tastefully sexy lingerie items and outfits. But I noticed that, as we progressed, the clothing revealed more and more of my figure as I posed seductively on a prop bed. I was a little self- conscious, never having posed professionally before. But he soothed all of my fears away with his soft, encouraging voice. I guess I got lost in the experience, because I didn't have any qualms from even the most suggestive poses.

Finally he handed me a beige bra and panty set that was completely shear. I started to say something, but he said to hurry and change, so I did. When I came out I was once again shy, and tried to cover myself. But soon I was back into the posing, and completely forgot that I was essentially naked in front of the camera's lens.

He used up two full rolls of film with me modeling that tiny outfit, all the time telling me how fresh and desirable I looked through the camera. He had me lay on my back with my legs spread for several shots, and I never even hesitated. I just continued to do everything he wanted me to do. And I remember feeling very mature and grown up with this older guy saying so many really nice things about me, my natural modeling abilities, and about how I brought out the best in the outfits I was wearing.

Then, during a pause in the shoot, I noticed there was another man present. He was young, probably a college student like myself. Matt, the photographer, explained he wanted Kip (the other guy) to pose together with me as young lovers. We would both be dressed in our underwear. I began to protest when Kip, now wearing only his blue bikini briefs, climbed on the bed with me. 

Matt told us to kiss, and Kip wasted no time in taking me into his arms. We kissed, and I was definitely uncomfortable at the start. But feeling his lips on mine, his tongue playing inside my mouth, and his soft hands stroking over my back, soon had me in a wonderfully good, sexy mood. And when his hand slid around and cupped my left breast shivers shot up and down my spine. At this point I was totally unaware of the hot lights, video cameras and the clicking of Matt's still camera.

Kip worked his way under the bottom edge of my bra and pushed it up. He gently pinched my nipple, causing me no end of thrills. Then he bent his head down and began sucking and oh so gently biting on my nipple as his other hand began caressing my other titty. They aren't very big, but they are very, very sensitive, and his touching and sucking turned my body into a molten pool of pure heat. I remember that I squirmed around a lot, loving what his hands and mouth were doing to me.

I really wasn't aware when he slipped his hand under the waistband of my panties and down to cup me down there. It was just that, suddenly, I felt his finger stroking through the wetness of my slit. One part of my brain began screaming for him to stop. We had gone way too far. But it felt so wonderfully good, what he was doing to me down there where no other man had ever touched me, that I wanted it to continue for at least a little longer.

He kissed me on the lips and finger stroked me for what seemed like forever. At some point I had an intense orgasm, my very first. And still he continued to touch me, sending me higher and higher into what felt like clouds of intense pleasure. I was just coming down from another orgasmic peak when I faintly heard Matt tell Kip to remove my bra and panties. I felt him skim my panties down over my hips, down my legs, and completely off. I was just getting ready to tell Matt no when Kip slid up my body, began kissing me again while his hands encircled my back and popped the bra clasp. A flick of his hand and that skimpy garment was gone.

I was now completely naked and lying in the passionate embrace of a complete stranger. I remember feeling Kip wiggle his body beside me as we kissed, but didn't realize he was removing his own briefs. Then it was back to intense kissing and touching. And I didn't know until then that a man's kisses could do so much to a woman's body.

Matt instructed me to reach down and grasp Kip's cock, but I couldn't bring myself to do that. After a minute or so Kip took my hand and led it down to his manhood. I grasped it, and was amazed by its apparent size and firmness. It felt huge, and about as thick as my own wrist. Then he began moving my hand up and down the length of his penis. When he took his hand away, I continued to stroke him.

This was an entirely new experience for me. I had never before even felt a guy's penis through his pants, and here I was stroking a big one and reveling in the power I had over him. I started squeezing him harder and moving my hand up and down faster, wondering if I could increase his pleasure in that way. For some reason I wanted to make him feel as good as he was making me. I was simply swept away by all the sensations his lips and hands were introducing me to.

After several minutes of him fingering me and me stroking him, Matt told him to, "Give her some head." He slid down my body rather rapidly, kissing it several times along the way. My legs were already spread to allow his hand access to my pleasure spot, and he replaced his hand with his face. When he suddenly jammed his long tongue deep into me, I broke into what was the biggest orgasm yet, remaining on that high for a very long time and bucking my hips wildly.

He licked and sucked me for a long time, bringing me to several more powerful orgasms. I had never felt anything so pleasurable before, and remember thinking to myself that I never wanted this to end. At some point Kip reached up and severely pinched my right nipple, and I screamed, but it was because of the orgasm that sharp pain generated. It hit me so suddenly, totally without warning, and it was very intense. Then I heard Matt just say, "Okay".

Kip stopped licking my vagina and slid up my body to once again start kissing me. I remember thinking that I could taste myself on his lips, and it tasted pretty good. He was now laying on me and between my widely spread legs. He then reached down, and I think he grasped himself and brought the head of his penis to my opening. He released his grip as his hips shoved it into me. I screamed loudly from the pain and shock of it all. I felt him shove it again, and I think most of him was then into me. A third shove and he was tightly pressed against my body. His penis was as deep inside me as he could go, and I remember feeling some intense pain and being so full of him in my vagina.

He began stroking in and out of me almost immediately, and the pain of his penis sliding over my torn flesh was terrible. I remember shaking my head from side to side while yelling the word 'No' over and over again, but I don't think I really wanted him to stop. It was just the pain I felt, and I didn't want it to hurt. But after a few minutes it began to fade, being replaced by a rather pleasurable feeling. And the pleasure I was feeling kept intensifying as he banged into me time after time. Then, again without warning, I was into another giant of an orgasm, making my hips bounce up to meet his strokes and help him pleasure me. I also remember yelling harder, harder, as I wanted him to keep me up there on that pleasure mountain where he had so skillfully put me.

He stroked into me for a long time. Then Matt told him to, "take her from behind," and he pulled out, flipped me over (I think I helped him), raised my hips up, and then re-entered me from behind. Then he was thrusting mightily into me once again, pounding me just as hard and fast as he could. In this position he was going deeper, and I felt him touching some very sensitive spot inside that started me having more orgasms. They were not as intense as before, but they came one after another. And when I adjusted my upper body so that my nipples rubbed on the bed's sheets every time he bottomed out inside me, my own pleasure increased dramatically.

I also remember thinking that, if this was what sex was all about, then I wanted as much as I could get. He kept up the pounding from behind me, and I remember reaching back between my legs to feel his penis as it slid in and out of me. It was a wonderful feeling. I started trying to feel his hairy sack each time it slapped into my butt and my fingers.

Matt told me to get on top of him, and I wondered what he meant. Again Kip took the lead, and pulled out of me. Then he quickly laid on his back on the bed and half pulled me onto him so that I was straddling him. He told me to lift my hips up, and I did. I felt him center his penis in my vagina, and I just relaxed my legs and sat down on him. Oh, what a wonderful feeling!

I began riding up and down on his penis as hard and fast as I could. I began slamming myself down on his extremely hard cock. Then Matt told me to sit all the way down and move my hips back and forth. When I did this my clitoris rubbed up and down on the top of his shaft, sending me over the top once again. Then I managed to get into a rhythm of my own that included moving my hips so that my clit was stimulated and rising up and down on his shaft. It was so wonderful. I felt like I was in control of everything!

After doing this for many minutes Matt told Kip to, "take her missionary and finish." Kip rolled me off of him, got back between my legs, and re-entered me. Then he placed each of my legs on his shoulders, and really began to pound into me. He was going so deep that I thought he was actually entering my womb. Then I heard him grunt, and he began to jab his penis into me with some short strokes that caused me to come again really hard. 

As I was heading for a peak, he pulled out of me and immediately shot what looked like a thick string of his male sperm all the way up to my breasts. Then he reinserted himself into me and I felt him shoot more sperm inside me. I was sure it was the most wonderful feeling I will ever encounter. And he continued to shoot his sperm deep inside me for the longest time. Then it was dripping down between my legs. And when he pulled out of me I was aware that Matt was holding a big video camera close to get pictures of Kip's sperm running out of me.

Matt then told me to slide down and suck on Kip's cock. I had never thought of doing that to any man, and I told him so. He said to just do it in a loud voice, so I moved down, picked up the penis now laying against Kip's belly, and hesitantly put my lips around the crown part. Then I decided to get it over with, and began sucking really hard. I also began to lick part of the crown with my tongue. The taste wasn't very bad, and I even enjoyed it somewhat towards the end.

Matt then instructed us to kiss some more, and to stroke each other. We did, and I was amazed to feel Kip's penis stiffening in my hand. I began pulling on it, and he really seemed to like that. Then, without any instructions from Matt, he pushed me onto my back, moved between my legs, and pushed himself back into me. There was absolutely no pain at all this time! In fact, it felt very good.

He began sawing in and out of me. Matt told him to make this one a quickie, so he lifted my legs onto his shoulders and began taking really long, deep strokes into me. He would hesitate for just a tiny bit every time he pushed all the way into me, and that drove me over the edge to really nice orgasms several times as we again made love. And I even tried squeezing my vaginal muscles around his shaft, hoping to make him feel even better.

It must have worked because he had another orgasm after only five to ten minutes of that deep stroking. And he came just as he did the first time, pulling out of me to shoot some sperm onto my body, then putting himself back into me to finish his orgasm. And the feeling of him spurting so deep inside my body felt even better this second time.

Matt said, "Cut." Kip finished dribbling what he had left inside me, then pulled out, kissed me deeply, rolled off the bed, picked up his briefs, and walked out of the studio. I continued to lay there, trying to sort out everything that had happened to me during that morning's photo shoot. What had started out as glamor still photos had turned into a porno film, and I was the star. How could I have let this happen to me? 

I was very confused, and just beginning to realize the extent of what I had let happen when I felt the bed move. Matt, who had somehow shed all his clothes without me noticing, crawled next to me and began kissing me as he laid down beside me. He was feeling my titties, and kissing me very deeply. I guess I kissed him back, and he began to feel me all over.

He rubbed my vagina and clitoris a lot, and I had another orgasm. Then he moved over between my legs, brought himself to my entrance, and pushed into me. He was nowhere near as big as Kip, and I remember feeling disappointed at not feeling as full as I had been just a few minutes ago. But his stroking was beginning to feel pretty good, so I let him continue and just tried to get more into it. 

I began thrusting my hips up to meet his downward strokes, but that caused him to slip out of me repeatedly. So I gave up that effort and just laid there trying to get as much enjoyment as I could out of his love making. He was stroking me very fast by now, and then he jabbed his penis into me. I felt him spurting his sperm into me, and it felt like he had quite a bit.

As soon as he had finished he rolled off of me, got off the bed, and went over to check his camera equipment. I got up and walked to the changing room on wobbly legs. I remember feeling a lot of liquid running down the insides of both my thighs, and could only imagine what the two men had left inside me plus my own moisture.

Anyway, I cleaned myself up as best I could with some tissues in the changing room, then I got dressed. When I walked back out to where Matt was, I saw that he was making out a check. I noticed it was for five hundred dollars when he handed it to me. Then he asked if I could come back next Saturday, and I said sure as I turned and walked out of the studio. But I was just too scared of getting pregnant, and I never went back again.

* * * * *

Well, that's her story just as she related it to me and my tape recorder. And I will admit that, next to reading it, I enjoy listening to her voice as she related the details of her first time. In fact I just slipped the tape into my recorder and hit play. Now, if you will excuse me...