 Ninety-five degrees. God, it was hot today! The breeze through the windows of the car helped some, but the air continued to stifle. 

You reached over and wiped the inevitable perspiration from my forehead with a tissue, your hand grazing my thigh on its return to my lap. I smiled and thanked you, my own hand reaching to run up the inside of my thigh and entwining your fingers with my own, though not before making a slight detour over my clit through the bottom of my bathing suit. It was almost too hot to touch, but we had a hard time keeping our hands off each other regardless of the temperature; which was usually hot anyway.

The car sped along the road almost urgently, as if it needed to reach its destination and cool off as much as we did. The day was beautiful in spite of the heat and we began to see more and more sand as we got closer to the beach. Soon, we could smell the typical beach-front aroma: sand, water, and suntan lotion. We both loved the beach, although this was only the second time we'd ever been to a beach together. I looked forward to this time alone with you and wondered what you had in mind for this excursion; as my MASTER, you were never without an idea as to what either we or I could perform on any given outing. 

You guided the car into a space just in front of another car. Spaces were nearly non-existent; the beach was packed. "Nice job," I said while the driver of the other car yelled something out the window as he drove past us. We looked at each other for a moment as if debating whether to say something back, but shrugged and decided we'd be good today. We ignored him and gathered out things from the back seat. As I leaned over the seat to reach the towels, I felt your hand slide up the back of my thigh. Before I could move or push your hand away, you pulled my suit up the crack of my ass, holding the small of my back against the seat with your other hand. 

"Stop," I giggled. "People will see." 

"I know," you said wickedly. Your hand was strong against my body and I knew I couldn't move. It was too hot; I was starting to feel perspiration on my back while my ass was virtually exposed through the windshield of the car. You leaned over and kissed my ass cheeks, running your tongue over them and making me moan. Then, you moved the fabric aside slightly and ran your tongue up the crack of my ass and licked my asshole. 

"We're going to get arrested," I protested, ignoring the wetness beginning to increase between my legs. 

"Who cares?" you said, slapping my ass hard enough to make me jump. 

"Ok," you said, "let's hit the beach." You released your hold on my back, I grabbed the towels and my beach bag and put my sunglasses on, hoping no one had seen what had just happened. I slid back down into the seat and reached beneath me to pull my suit back into its intended position. "I didn't say you could pull that down," you said, looking at me with a serious yet mischievous expression on your gorgeous face. 

"It wasn't meant to be a thong," I shot back. 

"But it looks much better that way and I want to see your ass," you said sternly. 

"Oh, come on," I said, "this is a public beach." 

"Yes. And I think the public would love to see your ass, too." I could tell this was going to require a compromise instead of an argument. 

"What do I have to do to get you to forget this idea?" I asked quietly. 

"Hmmm. That's a good question. Why don't you tell me?" you said, throwing the ball back into my court as you enjoyed doing so often. 

"I'll give you a blow job," I said, playfully squeezing your cock. 

"Not good enough, but you'll be allowed to do that, too," you said with a smile. 

"Ok, I'll flash someone on the beach," I said exasperated. 

"Two people, a man and a woman," you countered. 

"Oh, come on," I pleaded, "one is bad enough." 

"Your ass is going to get very tan today," you said, looking out the window. 

"Alright, two people," I said, resigned. 

"You're learning not to argue so much," you said with a smile. I gave you a sideways glance and a slight smile, pulled my suit down, and opened the door. 

We both stepped out of the sexual heat that had been building in the car and into the sweltering heat of the open, sun-soaked beach. 

"God, it's so hot!" I said, scanning the beach for a vacant spot. 

"Yeah, but hot is good, right?" you said and I knew exactly the meaning you intended. 

"Yeah, hot is good," I said, smiling at you. 

We started walking toward the water, looking desperately for an appropriate spot to settle down. We finally found a vacant spot and spread the towels out to lay on. I found my baby oil in the bag and began to spread it on my legs. 

"Want some help?" you asked, reaching for the bottle. 

"If you would be so kind," I answered demurely. I stretched out on the towel and closed my eyes. I felt your strong hands on my thighs and the warm oil slid over my already hot flesh. You massaged the slippery liquid into my skin, running your hands up the outside of my legs to my hips. You was straddling my body and as your hands squeezed my thighs, I heard you say in a very sexy voice, "Spread your legs." My eyes flew open and I shook my head no. 

"We can't," I protested. 

"Can't what?" you said. "How do you expect to get an even tan with no oil on your inner thighs?" 

"Oh." I said, embarrassed. "I thought you meant....." You just smiled and gently eased my legs apart slightly. You dripped the oil down the insides of my thighs and slowly kneaded it into my pecan brown skin. Watching you, I could tell that you mind was already drifting to how deliciously soft and warm my skin always was and the warm velvety feel of my pussy wrapped around your cock. 

I could feel my pussy start to throb as I savored the feeling of your hands on my body. I couldn't remember ever being turned on by applying baby oil; but then, you could turn me on without even touching me, so I don't know why I was surprised. 

Your hands caressed my legs and began working their way up to my stomach and chest. The oil felt sinfully delicious and your firm, massaging fingers even more so as you rubbed it into my tummy, running your fingers playfully under the top of my bikini bottom. 

"Watch it," I said, joking. 

"I can do whatever I want, remember?" you advised, slipping your hand between my legs quickly. 

"Ok, Ok! Just stop! Please." I begged, glancing around to see if anyone was watching us. 

You moved your hand from between my legs after slapping my pussy gently, just to remind me who's boss. My eyes narrowed in mock anger. Even though you knew I never liked that much, I had to smile, realizing once again how powerful your control was over me, even in spite of my frequent protests to your authority. Your hands slid easily up to my chest as you dripped the oil onto my delicate flesh, making sure to lodge a few drops in the front of my bikini top between my breasts. Grazing my nipples with your thumbs, you slowly began to distribute the oil across my heaving chest. You slipped your fingers slightly down the front of my suit and gently oiled my breasts. You finished up with my shoulders and arms and then told me to turn over. 

You didn't give me much room to complete that task, as you continued to straddle my body. As I turned over, my ass brushed your crotch gently and I could feel how hard you were. I made sure to hold my ass against your crotch just a little longer than necessary, as it's always been hard for me to resist teasing you with the one body part I knew you liked most. This increased the wetness that was spreading between my own legs. Even though I'd never quite gotten what the big deal was about massages, I was beginning to believe that I'd been missing quite a lot all this time.

This time you started at my shoulders and worked your way down, drizzling the oil down my back and allowing the small stream to slide down the small of my back into the bottom of my suit. I felt a bead of oil slip sensuously down the crack of my ass to my pussy. There was nothing I could do to relieve the tickling sensation it created, so I just squirmed a little on the towel, causing my ass to firmly press against your cock this time. 

"That's really getting me hard," you whispered in my ear. 

"Good," I said wickedly. 

"You realize that you'll have to remedy that situation," you challenged. 

"Of course, MASTER, it would be my pleasure," I said sarcastically. 

From the small of my back, your hands ran effortlessly down my hips and the outside of my thighs. I was thinking how wet I was getting when you slipped your fingers quickly under the edges of my suit and ran it up the crack of my ass as you'd done in the car. My hands flew toward my ass to pull my suit down, but your hands stopped me. 

"Just relax," you said sternly. 

"Come on, don't," I protested, still trying to reach my suit. I was always such a tease until I started to lose control of the situation.

" I WILL spank you right here!" you warned me and I knew you were serious so I put my hands down with an exasperated sigh. "That's better," you said. I was terribly nervous that someone was watching us, but I was so excited with the sun on my bare cheeks and your hands kneading the hot oil into my flesh that I really didn't care. 

"Do you know how sexy your ass is?" you hissed. 

"Yes," I said. "You've told me a million times. In fact, you've told HER a million and one," I said laughing.

"I want to fuck you," you whispered. 

"Ok, the minute we get back to the car," I replied sensuously. 

"No, right now," you insisted. 

"Right. Here on the beach in front of all these people," I said in an incredulous tone. 

"You got it," you said, squeezing my ass cheeks. I could already visualize the look on your face as you did that even though I couldn't see it.

"We'd get arrested," I said, knowing you was only half-serious. 

"I doubt many would object after they saw your body," you said matter-of-factly. 

"No, they'd probably all run screaming to their cars," I said sarcastically. 

"Hush," you said and emphasized your statement by quickly slipping a well-oiled finger into my asshole. I jumped and squirmed, which only served to drive your finger deeper into my ass. 

"Stop," I said firmly. 

"Excuse me?" you said. "You didn't just tell ME to stop, did you?" 

"PLEASE," I begged. 

"Watch it, or this could be my dick," you whispered in my ear. With that, you thrust your finger deep and hard into my ass and then slowly withdrew it, pulling a low moan of pleasure from my throat as well. You patted my ass, but left my suit rearranged as you finished applying oil to my legs. When you reached my ankles, you sat back and told me I could pull my suit back down. 

After readjusting my suit, I turned back over onto my back and you settled next to me on the towels. "Want me to return the favor?" I asked, playfully fingering the bottle of oil. 

"No, you can do later," you said with a smile. I laughed and closed my eyes as the sun beat down unmercifully on our bodies. 

I must have been dozing because the next thing I knew, your lips were on mine and your tongue slid slowly into my mouth. I moaned and pulled you closer. "Wakey, wakey, Sleeping Beauty," you said softly as our lips parted. With that, you leaned over and scooped me up into your arms and began to carry me toward the water. 

"You're just too hot for this beach," you said. Let's cool you off a bit." 

"No, please, I don't want to get wet," I pleaded. 

"I think you probably already are," you said with a grin, knowing how quickly I could soak anything within distance of my pussy when I was aroused. 

"Seriously, I just wanted to lay out," I insisted. 

"Well, that's not all I wanted you to do," you said in your commanding tone. We had reached the water and you was wading out into it, threatening to throw me in. "Please don't," I begged, laughing helplessly. You swung me back and forth in your arms, releasing me just enough each time to make me scream. Finally, on the last swing, you released my legs and I splashed to a standing position with my arms still around your neck. "Don't ever do that again," I threatened and pulled your mouth down to mine. Your arms encircled my waist and your hands ran slowly over my ass as we kissed. Suddenly, your hand slapped my ass hard and it stung terribly since my bikini was already wet. 

"Ow!" I cried. 

"Don't tell me what to do," you said sternly and grabbed my hand and we began wading through the water down the beach. After about twenty feet, I said, "Let me get a towel if we're going far, just in case." 

"Ok. I'll wait here," you said. I waded back to shore and grabbed a towel from the bag. I threw the towel around my neck and waded back out to where you were standing. 

I slipped my hand into yours again and we started walking. We walked quite a distance down the beach and the longer we walked, the fewer people we began to see. Walking through the water was overly tiring and eventually we moved closer and closer to the shoreline. We walked a little further down on the sand with the water lapping at our feet and ankles. The cool water felt very good considering the heat of the day. We had wandered onto a more lush part of the beach with trees and bushes. There were even a few picnic tables scattered about the area. 

Both of us were tired of walking and you guided me toward a grassy spot beneath a few trees. We spread the towel out and sat down, looking out over the water. I was feeling a little hot and not because of the weather, so I leaned over to kiss you, my hand sliding up your thigh at the same time. You returned my passion, your tongue eagerly penetrating my mouth as you grabbed my hand resting on your thigh and moved it to your crotch and your very hard cock. I squeezed him hard, trying to convey how much I wanted him. 

Your hands slid up my thigh and inside the bottom of my bikini, your fingers stimulated my already hard clit and then slipped inside my wet pussy. You fucked your fingers in and out of me while you kissed down my neck to my tits. Your tongue flicked my nipples through my top and they hardened instantly. Up until now, my eyes had been closed, enjoying the delicious sensations running through my body. As your hand moved around my waist and up my back to the hook of my suit and your fingers tried to slip it undone, my eyes flew open and I suddenly realized where we were. 

"We shouldn't," I said, reaching for your wrist. 

"Shhh. There's no one around to see," you whispered. 

"Still....." I said, worried. 

"Hush," you commanded, your mouth closing over mine and your fingers finally succeeding in their task of unfastening my top. It virtually popped off of my body and into your hand, which quickly threw it behind your back out of my reach. 

One of your hands squeezed my tits while the other eased me down onto the towel, your body rolling over onto mine, silencing any further protests with its insistency. I moaned as your mouth moved down to replace your hand on my breasts. My eyes closed again and I forgot momentarily where we were again. It was beautiful here. The trees provided enough protection from the hot sun and the gentle breeze off the water washed languidly over our bodies. 

Your tongue wandered down my breastbone to my belly-button, flicking it playfully. Your hands gripped my waist as you buried your teeth in the fabric of my bikini bottom and began to pull them down my hips. 

"No, wait...." I began. 

"I told you to hush. There's no one around. Stop worrying," you said and resumed your expert, sensual removal of my bikini. I gave up trying to fight you and just tried to relax. Suddenly, you stopped and moved on top of me again, letting me feel the hardness between your legs against my own wet pussy. "I want you," I whispered, kissing your neck. 

"Be careful what you wish for," you said with a smile, ominously quoting the cliche. Before I could ask what you meant, you kissed me hard and urgently. "Will you suck me?" you asked, knowing the answer. 

I replied by reaching between our bodies and squeezing your cock. You chuckled softly and rolled over onto your back, your stiff cock creating an obvious bulge in your shorts. I sat up, looking around to see if there was anyone in sight. There were a few people walking down the beach, but they were far enough away from us not to even notice us, much less see what we were doing. I kneeled between your spread legs and reached into your shorts to withdraw your beautiful cock. He was so hard already; I thought he might come in my mouth before I even got to work on him. 

But he has tremendous staying power, and as it turned out, he was simply overly excited and eager to have me suck him. I massaged your dick slowly with my hand, my other squeezing your balls. "Suck me," you said through the clenched teeth of desire. My mouth lowered itself to the swollen head of your cock. My tongue slowly tickled the tip and licked delicately up and down the shaft, but I didn't put him completely into my mouth. I enjoyed teasing him, playing with his pleasure. It wasn't often that I got to tease you, usually you commanded and I obeyed; but there were rare occasions when you allowed me some leeway in accomplishing my tasks. 

I knew my tongue was driving you crazy and I finally satisfied your desire by closing my mouth over your dick. I sucked on your cock furiously, squeezing the base with my hand. He felt so wonderful in my mouth, I though I could just do this forever. You moaned and your hand reached around the back of my head, holding it as you began to fuck my mouth. I increased my suction with each stroke and soon he felt like he would explode. I thought you would come in my mouth and I was ready for the delicious release from your pulsing cock. Instead, however, you pulled out of my mouth and your face looked as if you were holding back a tremendous orgasm. 

"Why did you stop?" I asked, puzzled. 

"You'll see," you said breathlessly. I was curious. 

You sat up and kissed me deeply and my hand found your cock again and stroked it tenderly. You pushed me gently back onto the towel and continued to kiss me. I closed my eyes once again and explored your hot mouth with my tongue. One of your hands was squeezing my tit, but I didn't feel your other hand at all. Then, suddenly, I discovered what it had been doing. You had picked up the top of my bikini and quickly put it over my eyes and tied it behind my head, blindfolding me. 

"Hey," I began to protest. 

"Just relax and enjoy," you said quietly. "Not another word." I did as you said, for the moment, and didn't say anything more. 

You picked up where you had left off earlier and I felt your teeth nip me gently as you sunk them into the fabric of my suit. You virtually ripped the bottom off with your teeth and I was completely nude. The sensations I was only allowed to experience by feeling, due to the blindfold were exquisite. Everything was heightened beyond belief. I lay there, helpless with lust, as you spread my legs and drove your tongue into my aching pussy. You licked and sucked my clit, catching it between your teeth occasionally for impact. Your fingers soon took over in my pussy and your e brought me to the trembling edge of a shattering orgasm and simply held me there, not allowing me to come. 

I begged you to let me release my passion, but you denied me that pleasure. "You will come when I tell you to," you said. "Not before." The words were strong, determined, yet edged with gentleness and I knew that I wouldn't release the intense orgasm building inside me until you allowed me to, no matter how badly I wanted to. 

You withdrew your fingers from me and slid them into my mouth where I licked them clean. "You're going to enjoy this," you said. I ALWAYS enjoyed it, and I couldn't determine what the difference or twist would be this time. We had tried some things "outside the box" before I had, so what was so unusual? I couldn't see anything, but I definitely sensed that there was something unique about the situation. I did notice that the breeze had quit blowing over us, although I could hear it rustle the trees. It was as if something was blocking it. 
