 Day at the Spa - The conclusion

"The couches", as Brenda calls it, is actually a private room set in a corner of the basement steam room. The walls are painted a deep lavender and though it is steamy in here as well, it is also cooler. Also, sitting in the middle of the room, is the only furnishings there; a huge couch covered in clear plastic.

Nicky leads Erica to the couch and positions her sitting on the couch with her legs hanging off the edge of the cushion. Brenda quickly joins the latina on the couch and begins to passionately kiss the relaxed woman's full lips, her tongue probing Erica's own. Erica loves the new feeling of kissing another woman, marveling in the differences between her kisses and the men she has kissed before. With the guys, kissing is mostly a "get-it-out-of-the-way" thing, while the redhead is really into it. As she is kissing Erica, Brenda is massaging the back of her neck with barely there touches, causing her to moan into the kiss.

While the attention is off of her, Nicky has slid onto the couch on the other side of Erica and, lifting the woman's unyielding arm, suddenly begins to lick her lower arm. A sudden gasp and goose bumps popping up tells her that Erica loves the new attention. The Nubian beauty traces her tongue down Erica's arm, slowly moving towards her armpit as Brenda switches from Erica's mouth to her boobs, sucking one engorged nipple, then the other. 

Erica can only lean back and revel in the extreme pleasure she is being given. Her eyes are closed and every now and then when one of the ladies hit a very sensitive nerve sparks dance beneath her eyelids. Just when she can't believe it could get better than this it does. Someone's tongue begins to aggressively swipe itself over her wet wet pussy. Her legs instinctively cross over the back of whoever it is working her feverish cunt. She struggles to open her eyes to see who is giving her such pleasure. It takes her a moment to realize that it is a man between her legs. With a start she looks around to see that Brenda and Nicky have been replaced by two other men. The ladies are on the floor, each being serviced by three men themselves.

Brenda has one guy on his back and is deep-throating his engorged cock, her lips coming up to reveal a thick veiny dick with an angry red helmet before she sword-swallows him again, her lips tight around the base of his pole. Another guy is licking her tight pink asshole with her hips in the air and her face on the other guy's dick. And the third guy is sucking her toes, lashing them with his tongue.

Closer to the couch, Nicky is on her back. The first guy is between her legs, fucking her with long slow strokes. Erica can see how every time the guy pulls back Nicky's plump lips pull out with it, as if reluctant to let go. She can also see Nicky's huge clit riding the top of the man's pole, his veins sending sparks through her hole. The second man is carefully straddling Nicky's breast with his ass over her face. Nicky's thick firm breasts are coated with lubricant and makes a perfect train tunnel for the guy's 10 inches. Even fully seated the guy's dick doesn't fully cross through, never appearing on the other side. Nicky is playfully massaging his butt with a smile on her full lips. The third guy is stroking his cock with some of Nicky's long black hair wrapped around his tool. Both women are having the times of their lives with this unique encounter.

Erica's view is blocked as "her" guys shift around. She is lifted into a doggie style position on the couch. One guy, a black stallion with a dick that looks more like a club, slides under her and begins to rub the head of his cock over her juicy cunt lips. Erica shivers with just the thought of how his cock in going to feel in her neglected puss.

Suddenly, there is a slight push, then penetration in her backdoor. She panics, thinking that her black stud is about to make a VERY painful mistake. She relaxes, slightly, when she sees that it is actually another guy, a blonde surfer dude looker, who is smoothly fingering her anal passage. He gently pushes his finger further in, liking how Erica's tight sphincter threatens to bite it off. Erica's eyes are tightly shut, her concentration on the finger in her ass. Not painful. In fact, there seems to be a warm spot starting to spread from her virgin area. There is a pause, then another finger is inserted.

Erica is so into the pleasure it takes the guy holding his dick right in her face a moment to get her attention. Finally, her gently places his hard throbbing head against her lips and gives a gentle push. From his point of view, it is an highly erotic sight. Without opening her eyes, the latina beauty opens her lips and begins to slowly take him in, her full brown lips gliding over his swollen organ. Her tongue swirls around the head and flickers in his penis tip, making him want to jam himself all the way to the back of her throat. She reaches up with one hand and begins to play with is nuts like Ben-Wa balls. 

Suddenly, a groan, long and strong, vibrates from her throat and over her tongue. It feels almost like being erotically electrocuted to the lucky bastard who has to struggle to keep himself from popping too soon.

Erica's groan comes from a combination of her "butt-boy" bringing in a third finger and her "fuck-toy-boy" sinking half of his battleship into her waiting quim.

Her "fuck-toy-boy" can't believe how tight and hot the latina's pussy is. She has near virginal tightness. And the fact that her pussy is massaging his pole only adds to the pleasure. He lets her sit for a moment to adjust to his size. Then, once she has started to wiggle for more, begins to fuck her with slow steady strokes, going deeper each time. As he fucks her, the man begins to suck her eraser sized nips. He looks up to watch her sucking on the guy behind the couch, her throat and cheeks working to suck to cum from his nuts.

From behind, the guy working her ass is now satisfied that she is ready. He grabs her hips to stop her slight up and down motion on the dick under her and positions his well lubricated dick to her receptive anal tunnel. When his head touches her ass, it clenches briefly. He slowly but firmly adds pressure to his dick until the head pops in. All action pauses as he pushes a quarter, then half, of his cock in.

Erica can barely breathe with the pleasure/pain of having a well-endowed cock up her pussy and half-way in her ass. The pain, however, is quickly becoming a pleasure that will become addictive in the near future. A micro-orgasm rockets through her as the pain is replaced with a deep yeaning for more. Both men feel this at the same time and begin a rhythm of alternating. When one seats her puss, the other unseats her ass, and vice versa. Erica is in constant euphoria as her orgasms begin to ebb and flow one on top of the other.

By now, the one Erica is blowing is near the end. Her expert blowjob plus her moaning-humming in addition to the volcanic sight has him on edge. He begins to pull back when Erica gently yet firmly pulls him back by the balls, deep throating him easily. 

Erica feels the cock in her mouth begin to swell even more, the head almost completely blocking her air, yet she continues to suck him, wanting, needing, his cock to splash his load into her belly. 

The background noise is also putting pressure into his loins: the sounds coming from Erica's stuffed holes, her friends' whimpers and orgasmic releases. And then it happens.

"Oh, shit!" he gasps as his cock spasms once, twice, then double-taps before shooting a jet of hot cum to the back of her throat. This is followed by a triple-shot of espresso as Erica takes his full load. Each time he shoots a load, Erica can literally feel it flow from his balls through his cock and into her mouth. Her tongue is right on the underside of his dick, firmly in contact with his cum tube.

The feeling is so overwhelming to the guy that he doesn't lose any hardness. This encourages Erica to continue sucking him off. He has to stumble back after a few intense seconds of the woman sucking on his ultra-sensitive cock. He watches as Erica swallows the last trace from her tongue with a smile which turns to an orgasmic grimace as the fuckers race each other to the finish line. Each man has gotten a bit more aggressive in his fucking, no longer concerned with rhythm. Sometimes Erica is empty, both cocks on the edge. Other times she is full beyond compare, both tools filling her holes at once.

Within minutes, the one in her ass is near the finish line. He feels her anal passage milking his deeply buried tool with urgency. With one final lunge, he buries himself in her ass and lets loose with hot streams of cream. This sends the one in her pussy over the edge, as he can feel the other guy's cock pulsations through the thin membrane separating her ass and cunt. He shoots a quart of cream deep into her pussy, sending Erica over the edge into a Grande Mal orgasm that leaves her feeling completely satisfied and drained. The three of them just lie there a while, recovering, before her anal knight pulls his drained dick from her ass with a wet plop and walks out, but not before giving Erica a kiss on the cheek and a playful smack on her ass. Then, her riding toy rolls her gently on her back and gives a nip one final suck before he, too, leaves.

With the last of her strength, Erica looks out over to her friends, who are asleep on the floor with light covers over them, then drifts off to sleep.

The next day Erica, with a newfound energy, new clothes, new hairstyle, and a new outlook on life, leaves the spa. And she already has a plan to return once she has delivered.

Another satisfied customer!