 She dropped by my place late afternoon, after her tennis match. As usual, she walked right in, sort of opening the door and knocking at the same time. "I'm thirsty!" she said, "What have you got that is wet and really cold?"

I pointed toward the kitchen counter, where I had made a gallon of fresh sun tea. "There's plenty of ice in the freezer- grab a glass." She found one of the big tumblers in the cupboard, filled it with ice, and poured in the tea to the very top.

"Oh yeah", she said, "this hits the spot." She flopped down on my sofa, and stretched out her long legs, resting her ankles on my coffee table. She had the knack for looking incredibly sexy, especially when she wasn't even trying. I loved her long hair, and when she had it pulled back in a big ponytail, it made her look like she was ready for anything. She had on a tight white tennis blouse, and, of course, the short tennis skirt. Her legs were lean and tan, and I gazed at them appreciatively. This was one fine woman.

After several deep gulps of iced tea, she asked what I was doing. I had been working on several of my accounts, double-checking orders, and scheduling my delivery dates. I had papers all over the top of my dining table, where I enjoyed working; it gave me lots of room to spread out. She wandered into the room and peered over my shoulder at the paperwork. "This looks boring." she said.

"Well, it may be boring, but it pays the bills."

"You need to take a day off once in a while." she said, and then stretched herself up, trying to touch the ceiling. She set the iced tea on the edge of the table, and put her hands on her hips. Then she stretched again, rotating her upper body around in a circle, bending first backward, then down, touching her toes. "So..." she said, "Do you want to play today?"

"I've really got to get this all caught up today." I replied.

"That's too bad. I was hoping we could hang out." She rubbed the top of my shoulders for a few moments, and then headed down the hall toward the bathroom. "Do you mind if I take a quick shower? I'm kind of sweaty from earlier." I said that was fine, told her to grab a towel from the linen closet, and focused on my papers. I heard her open the closet door, and then a few minutes later, heard the shower water running. 

It was several minutes later that I realized the shower was off. I hadn't seen her, so wondered where she was. I found her asleep in my bed, her long hair still a bit damp, and splayed all over the pillows. I quietly closed the door, and headed back to the dining room to work. I figured I'd let her enjoy her nap. 

About two hours later, I heard her in the bathroom again, and then she appeared wearing her tennis skirt and one of my tank top T-shirts. "Are you still working?" she asked.

"Yes. I've still got quite a bit to do here." She walked over to the table, slowly lifted the hem of the T-shirt up and over her head, revealing two beautiful tits. She reached up and held them in her hands, then pinched her nipples, and pulled them. My mouth went dry as I looked at these two gorgeous breasts, and I was thinking seriously about how much I wanted to lick them. She lifted her skirt, showing a distinct lack of panties, then hopped up on my table. She licked her lips, then hopped off. She pointed to the table top, and said, "Look. Someone left a pussy print on your table." She stood there with her tits in my face, grinning from ear to ear. I was starting to feel the blood rush to my cock, and knew I wasn't going to get much more work done today.

She straddled my legs, standing over my lap. She lifted her skirt, flashing me that sweet pussy, and spread her legs wider, in order to straddle me. She reached down and began to rub me, stroking my cock through my shorts.

She opened the fly of my boxers, and pulled my cock out. She scooted forward and set down on my cock, her hot pussy firmly pinning my cock against me. She then began to move her hips forward and backward, which ran her pussy up and down the length of the underside of my cock. She was stroking me with her pussy, and it felt great. She was getting turned on, as I could feel increased wetness on my cock. Her labia was swelling and wrapping my cock as she moved. I felt like my dick was made of steel.

She reached down and took my cock in her hands, lifted her bottom up just a bit, aimed the tip of my cock into her hole, and then slowly lowered herself onto me. I slid in easily, as she was very wet and well lubricated, and as she sat down, she completely impaled herself on me. She reached behind her, placing her hands on my knees, and then began to flex her pussy around my cock. I could feel the insides of her cunt flexing and milking my dick, the soft wet friction of her cunt muscles gripping me. I could feel myself swelling even larger, and growing even harder, as she sat there working me over with just her pussy. It was incredibly stimulating.

Since she was leaning back on her hands, her breasts were thrust out and up, her nipples hard and begging for attention. I wanted to suck them hard, but decided to give her a bit of a tease, too. I reached up and took each nipple between my thumb and finger and gently, but firmly pinched them, and rolled them, and tugged them. Her eyes were wide open, and her breathing grew faster. She began to hump on my cock, grasping me tightly with her pussy, as she pumped down harder, and ground her pussy against me. I kept working on those tits, and her nipples grew hard and very distended. As I pulled them gently, and pinched them, she began to orgasm. Her eyes closed, and she let out a gasp, pushed down hard on my cock, and her whole body shook. I held her nipples tightly, and watched the ripples of pleasure wash over her. She was in outer space; she was shaking, and grunting, and humping down hard and fast on my cock, and she kept cumming and cumming. It seemed that each time she started to relax, I would pinch and roll her nipples, and she would cum again. She was grinding her pussy onto me, and shaking, and grunting in orgasm. Finally, she grabbed my hands, pulling my fingers off her breasts, and begging, "No more! I can't take any more! Ohhhhh FUCK ME!!! I'm cumming again!!!" And then she came in my arms one more time. I held her close to me, hugging her tightly, as one more wave of pleasure surged through her. She hugged herself tightly to my chest, breathing hard. I inhaled her scent, nuzzling her thick hair, as she calmed against my chest.

After a few minutes, she pushed back a bit, reached up, and drew my lips to hers. She kissed me deeply and I returned her kisses with fervor. She suddenly realized that I hadn't cum, and my cock was still rock-hard inside her. "Oh my," she said, "you are still huge. Didn't you cum?"

"No. I was having too much fun watching you." I replied.

"Well, the least I can do is return the favor... your choice: would you like to fuck me, or would you like me to suck your big cock?" That was a tough choice, because I knew that she was awesome either way. By now, my balls were throbbing, and I wanted to cum hard and fast.

"I'm really close. I'd like you to suck me."

"Oh yeah," she said, "I love that. Your cock is awesome. I want to taste your cum." She slowly stood up, turned around, and bent over, giving me a long look at her swollen, wet pussy. "Are you sure you don't want to just ram that cock into my pussy? I'm ready for you." Then she turned, knelt between my legs, and slowly peeled my boxers down to my feet, and off of me. My cock was standing tall, bouncing with excitement.

She leaned in, took the tip into her mouth, and slowly began to tongue me, and suck me. She had both hands on the top of my thighs, and was taking me in and out of her mouth, leaning in, and then pulling away. She sucked hard, and as she pulled away each time, my cock swelled as her lips held the pressure. She kept up a slow, steady pace, and kept her eyes on mine as she pulled away each time. She said, "I want to taste your cum. Cum now. Cum in my mouth NOW!" She pushed down, taking my cock deep into her throat, and at the same time, grabbed my balls.

That was all it took; I exploded into her. She held me in her throat as I pumped into her over and over. Her fingers worked my balls, tugging them, milking every drop of cum out of them. I spurted and spurted into her, as she maintained her suction on my dick. She emptied my balls completely, and I was totally wiped. It was one of the most intense orgasms I ever had. She gently released me from her mouth, and softly licked me. I was in a daze.

"Now," she said, "that should teach you to take a day off."