 “Let’s see... Peanut butter? Check.
Shaving cream? Check.
Vitamins? Check.
Just need some veggies.” Having checked my list over, I headed for the produce section, only to run my buggy into another patron of the store. “Oops, my bad.” I smile and look deeply into the eyes of Megan, a girl I had only recently become acquainted with. Ever since I’d met her in the office a few weeks ago, I had been dreaming of her. That warm smile, those beautiful brown eyes and sexy body left me speechless in the produce section.

“Hi, Megan,” I croaked out.

“Hi, Chris. What’re you doing here?”

“I was on my way home and needed a few things. I guess I was preoccupied and didn’t see your cart.”

“That’s okay.” Her eyes narrowed and a playful grin tugged at the corner of her mouth. “I like being banged by you, even if it was with your shopping cart.”

“Well, it was a pleasure, then. I like banging you. I mean into you, too. I guess I need to practice safe shopping.”

The sound of her laughter sent shock waves through my body.

“Well, good bye.” Megan maneuvered her cart around mine, taking care to make sure that the handle of the cart rubbed along my ass. A hot current of fire shot into my veins as she slipped her hand backwards and gently caressed my growing cock.

Not wanting to draw attention, I pretended not to notice and pushed my cart in the opposite direction. But she was not out of my mind in the least. I wanted another peek at that short blue mini skirt she had on. I circled around and approached Megan’s cart on another aisle. She was holding a jar of mayonnaise as I pulled along side of her.

I pointed to the jar as I leaned over to whisper in her ear. “If you touch me like that again, I will make that for you.” With that I allowed my hand to casually run up her skirt and rub the bare skin under her panties.

Playfully, slapping my arm, she moves away from me, swinging that tight ass of hers.

The shopping was forgotten for the most part as I started to search for her again. On aisle seven she held a jar of chocolate syrup, while in her cart sat a bunch of half ripe bananas. Looking into my eyes she reaches into the cart and sensually rubs one of the bananas.

“Lucky banana.”

As I am about to exit the aisle, I hear an audible cough and turn around to see her holding a can of cherries.

Never had grocery shopping been so much fun. I spin the cart around in the deserted aisle and return to her. Moving my cart to obscure any curious onlookers that might happen by, I drop my hand to her side and quickly brush her entire slit with one long stroke of my finger. Her panties are drenched and the wet secretion feels good on my hands.

By now my dick is hard and fighting to be free of my jeans. I untuck my shirt to hide the noticeable bulge. I can’t believe how horny I am.

Aware that we are in a public place, she quietly backs away from me, leaving me to wonder at her departure. 

I guess playtime is over, I think to myself as I go back to the produce section for the forgotten veggies. Then to the meat counter. The section contains several separated islands of meats and cheeses. I lean over slightly and begin looking through the items. Oblivious to the rest of the world, I do not see Megan approach, but I certainly knew when she was there, as she slid hungry hands down my pants.

She had placed her cart next to mine at the edge of the island, our backs facing the far wall and the height of the counter providing cover. For all intensive purposes it would appear that we were searching through the same groceries.

“I thought you left,” I gasped as her hands moved against my ass.

“Went to the ladies room.” She drew back and discreetly placed something in my hand. I slowly opened my fingers to reveal a pair of white laced panties, soaked through and smelling of sexual fluid. I quickly clamped my hand shut and shoved the panties into my pocket. I reached over and ran my hand under her skirt to find her exposed sopping wet sex. Quickly, I traced my way around her hips to her clit and begin massaging the erect hood as Megan began to moan softly.

With a knowing touch I stroke her soft flesh, exciting her more and more. I could feel the heat rise from her pussy as I circled my fingers around her wanting fuck.

“Oh, Chris.” With her free hand she reached under my shirt and undid the button on my jeans and slowly slid the zipper down slightly. She ran her hand inside my briefs, finding and lubricating the head of my hard cock. Securing my pulsing shaft with her index and middle finger, she takes her thumb and circles it around the oozing head. As more pre-cum appears it is massaged into the skin like a fine moisturizing lotion.

I continued to stroke the folds of her pussy, as her body became alive with pleasure and she gyrated against the hot edge of the refrigerated island. The warm metal presses against her mounds. I knew she was close to cumming, so I slid my fingers inside her canal and began to fuck her with my long fingers. I thrust them in and out of her sex in smooth strokes. With each pass of my fingers, I stroked the roof of her hot pussy and pressed down on the pillowy flesh at the back of her sex.

Suddenly, Megan grabbed my hand and urged me to go faster. Her body is ready to cum and I desperately want that to happen. Quickly, I began pounding into her sex with my fingers. Faster and faster, I slid my fingers and probed her hot slit. With her head tilted downward and her free hand grasping the edge of the counter, she prepared herself for the upcoming event.

As she drew closer to cumming, the hand on my hard cock began to slide up and down my shaft, milking my member and urging it to spray its juice into her hand. It felt so good, the warmth of her hand, the slippery action of my pre-cum. It started off a chain reaction deep inside of me.

We were both lost to the world at this point, but fortunately for us the store was quiet. She clenched her legs around my fingers and humped my hand as the fluid erupted from her body. The sticky fluid coated my fingers and ran into the palm of my hand. Feeling her come drove me over the edge and I let go my load. My knees buckled, balls contracted and I came hard. The majority of my thick white juice sprayed into the underside of my shirt while the rest coated Megan’s hand.

We stood motionless for the next few seconds as wave after wave of fluid ejected from my body. I, too, rested against the rail of the counter, as the tingling feeling of my orgasm subsided. I stood up and checked to see if we’d been discovered. To my amazement the diary and meat aisle was empty.

She wiped the sticky goo from her hands on the tail of my shirt, then I carefully tucked the wet fabric into my pants.

I kiss her quickly on the lips and head for the check out counter. Megan follows closely behind, though we check out in separate lines. As luck would have it, we both end up exiting at the same time.

“Nice bumping into you, Chris.” I watched her walk to her car, and imagined the hot pussy under that skirt.

I returned her farewell and crossed into the parking lot. As I fished for my keys, I am instantly greeted by her wet underwear. I laughed as I dug it out of my pocket. “Well, Chris,” I said to myself, “Maybe you should shop here more often.”