 Author's note: This is the second in the Day Trip trilogy. It would probably be best if you read "Day Trip" first, but the story more or less stands on its own. Copyright 2001

*****

My eyes open slowly, its still dark, was it all a dream? Am I going to have to deal with the embarrassment of a wet dream too? I realize that I’m lying with my arm draped over her, her fingers lightly wrapped around my wrist, my hand possessively holding her breast, her nipple taught but not fully erect poking through the fabric of her borrowed T shirt. 

I’m hungry, tired, suffering from a classic case of cotton mouth, I’m sure I look like the monster from the dark lagoon, with my hair sticking up. I slowly open my eyes and she’s lying there looking at me with a half smile. 

“good morning...” I mumble... 

what the fuck do I say now? Is that a grin of “I wish I hadn’t done that?” or a smile of “let’s do it again!” “you ok...?” I start lamely, ok, like THAT’S going to unlock the secrets of the world... But what can you expect, My mind hasn’t kicked in yet, I desperately need my coffee. 

“I’m great!” is her unexpected response... 

“umm.... I really enjoyed last night...”  Ok not a great start, not really bright, Maybe I should try to kiss her, but what if she pulls away? Am I ready to handle that rejection before my first cup? I realize that my finger has started to caress her nipple during my indecision and her nipple if becoming erect, I’m afraid to move, afraid she’ll get up, roll away, or the very worst case say... something... I don’t know, woman like... ya know the negative comments that aren’t really negative but leave all the negative side open for interpretation... 

The thought passes through my mind... Men are from Mars...  did you know that venus is the only planet that revolves backwards...? Appropriate don’t ya think? 

“We need to talk....” Did I really hear that? Is there a more perfect womanly response? Can I do anything more perfectly male than sigh and roll over? Right! I’m lying there next to the woman of my fantasies, holding her breast in my hand, enjoying the reaction I’m getting... Like I’m going to meekly roll over and talk?... Yep. Exactly! 

“I know you have... um... concerns...” Am I in a fucking board meeting? Is there a colder way of saying anything?  “I wouldn’t ever cause you any embarrassment... But I’d really like to.... Ummmmm...” Again the cursed blush, I’m trying to talk her into fucking me, I look like hell, I feel like I’ve been run over by a truck (Albeit a very cute truck), not my best negotiating position I’ve ever found myself in. “.... Make you feel good again...” 

She rolled over towards me and I felt her hand slide around my soft member... kind of rolling it in her hand, gently stroking it up and down gripping it as it lengthens and grows. 

“I’d like that too... but first we need some ground rules...” SURE! Anything you want babydoll... Back to the marry you and have your babies, stopping trains, stop a speeding bullet with my teeth, Jumping of very tall buildings in a single bound thing... 

“No strings, No long term emotions, just sex, when we can...” are her terms... 

The exact situation I’ve been trying to find for years... With the most beautiful, tender, sexiest woman I could’ve asked for... what am I going to say? 

Nope, cornering the market in stupidity for the second time in one 24 hour period... “are you sure you can handle that?” Great! One word is all that was needed... Just say ok, roll over and fuck her again and I come up with that? 

She shyly lowers her head... not looking me in the eye anymore, a look... a frown crosses her face...  “I’m willing to try if you are...” almost a whisper, as if I’m going to say no... 

“Ohh....” Is the only thing I can say... her hand feels so awesome stroking my now fully erect cock, the tingles are taking over... I’m trying to keep focused on this conversation... but... I’m... oh soooo close... 

“you’d better stop or I’m... ohh god.... I’m going to.....”  The woman is definitely a sales woman... “I’m not stopping until I get your answer,” with the evil smile on her face... She already has her answer.... It’s about to explode in her hand... and she knows it... I never noticed this cruel streak in her before... 

“yess......” almost a protracted hiss, and my head goes back, her hand speeding up... “ohh I’m Oh!...” Each word drawn out, my hips begin to pump and again I see the red flashes, the white streaks behind my eyelids as my cock rears to its fullest and I begin to cum... My body jerking with every spurt, the cum dribbling down around her hand between the forceful shots, I’m totally in her control now... the focus of my world down to my intensely throbbing and tingling cock... Shooting strands of cum from between her fingers. “Oh!... so good.... Ohhhh!” the tingles radiating out of my cock starting to subside... My eyes slowly open and she’s looking at me... She leans down to kiss me and my arms come from behind my head to take her into my arms... I’m kissing her back, hard... her hand still holding me possessively... 

“I love that silly look you get on your face when you cum...” and a girlish giggle... Great! Why didn’t you just say I wish you were bigger, I wish you could cum more, I wish you had bigger balls, Will I ever cum without being self conscious again? Right you ass! As if you have any conscious thought at all while your mind dissolves around your spurting cock! 

“what did I just agree too?” laughing... this is a fun woman! 

“Everything my heart desires...” is her laughing response, a painfully true statement.

She got up and strolled to the bathroom, her borrowed T shirt not quite hanging low enough to completely hide the curves of her ass, the tuft of hair peeking from below the joint of her legs, fine, silky and barely visible. She laughs as she throws me a towel to clean up. 

As I wipe off my chest, stomach and try to remove the strands mixed with my pubic hair I hear the shower start, and see the T shirt fall to the floor. I rise, walk to the sink, unwrap a glass and rinse my mouth out... My legs rubbery, I look through the door, the steam beginning to escape the shower curtain, and walk in. As I pulled the shower curtain to the side and slid in I ogled her back, such nice lines, thin but not skinny, voluptuous but not fat, and I realize this is the first time I’ve seen her naked. 

My hands slide slowly around her body, pulling her tight against me, grasping her breasts, rolling her nipples, her head falls back onto my shoulder. My hand sliding lower, across her stomach, that little rise that no one can get rid of regardless of how hard you exercise. 

I hear the quick intake of breath as my finger travels over her clit, slipping between her lips, feeling that moistness, the silkiness of which water can never replace. Sliding slowly inside her, not deep just inside, my palm flattens out against her clit... Man what an awesome clit, large but not freakish, getting harder with every rub, my finger sliding a little deeper, her hips beginning to tense. 

“oh.... That feels nice.... “ barely heard over the sound of the water. Success! Now if I twist a little does that feel better? “Ahh....” Ok that was good but not good enough yet... how about if I do this? And my finger does the little come hither move against her G spot... 

“mmmmmmm.... Ohh.... You’re.... Unnnnnh..... you’re going to.... Ohh.... Make me cum....” She moans, her hips now keeping time with my fingers 

Now that’s more like it... a little more pressure on her clit with my palm should send her over... maybe if I gently pull on her nipple a little with my other hand... 

Her hips are rubbing against me, my semi rigid cock pressing up against her ass as my hands try to bring her off. Her nipple is hard in my fingers, her inner walls are clenching my fingers, and I realize I want to watch her face as she cums but its too late now... 

“OH! Unghf! Ohh cumming.... Oh yes! Oh yesssssssss!” Her hips shudder with each wave that courses through her body, her moisture flowing over my finger, gathering, only to mix with the water from the shower, I love the tingles that start as her hips bump against my now hard cock, nestled between her cheeks... Her knee gives out on her as the sensation flows through her body, almost visibly as she shakes through her cum and she’s supporting part of her weight against my palm, still rubbing circles over her clit, finger still massaging her inner walls feeling each tingle of her orgasm through the rhythmic contractions of her pussy. 

She turns her head to kiss my cheek, and laughingly says... “sealed with an orgasm...” and she bends over to pick the soap up out of the soap tray... 

“Ohhhh! GOD! Don’t do that woman!” and we laugh together as my hardness slides between her cheeks and the tingles flash through me. I feel like a 17 year old, ready to go again, at my age no small feat. 

She turns and begins to soap me up, “I’ll do yours if you do mine...” and again that wonderful giggle, her hands running up my body to soap my chest, sliding down to soap my stomach, my rigidness in her hands once again, a gentle pump as I look her in the eye... 

“Hmmm... that feels good...” is the only thing I can say. 

“Nope not going to waste this one...” and she laughs at me again as shespins me to wash my back. I rub the soap in my hands and now its my turn... My hands lingering on her back, trailing down to cup the cheeks of her ass... What a nice ass! She turns and my hands trail over her chest, around her breasts, over her nipples, watching as they come to attention poking through the soap suds. 

“You said last night, you wanted to try everything you’ve been afraid of trying... any ideas? Anything in particular you want to try?” Visions of trying all sorts of kinky stuff run through my head, making her cum on the train, fingers wet and her chest heaving, tying her to the bed and fucking her for hours (yeah right! Like I have that kind of stamina but hey fantasies are fantasies right?), oral sex in the dressing room... ummmmmm.... What else?.... 

her response is nothing other than a grin... 

Ok we’re back to the planet that revolves the wrong way... what the fuck did that mean? Does that mean she recants her desire? Was it just a statement in the passion of the evening? Does that mean anything goes? What does she want? 

She giggles as she turns off the hot water, ducking out of the water spray as it turns cold as ice. I almost fall as I try to lunge from the cold spray... “I thought you needed a cold shower...” she laughs at me slipping the towel around her in that so feminine way... ya know, the towel covering both the breasts and the tuft of hair just barely peeking out underneath, the promise of what’s under there even more erotic than seeing the whole thing... well, ok, maybe not, but still erotic as hell. 

“So what did you want to try?” I ask her as we settle on the bed, the towel rising just enough to give me a glance of her puffy lips, and tuft of hair... About as subtle as a brick... the suave debonair idiot that I am... 

I watch as the blush creeps through her cheeks... “ oh I don’t know...” is her meek response... “I’ve always kind of... ummmm wanted to...” is she ever going to spit it out... have I ever been found any pending statement this interesting in my life? Probably not... “feel what its like to... ummmm be controlled...” a really shy giggle escapes her. 

Now what else could a guy ask for? The woman of his fantasies asking to be “controlled?” but wait... what the fuck does that mean? Does she want to be forced to give pleasure or receive it? Does she want to let go of her inhibitions or be bound? Fuck where do I start? The only thing I’m absolutely sure of is that now is not the time to laugh... and what do I do? Yep you guessed it... a chuckle slips out... 

A hurt look passes over her face... her head drops, and I wrap my arms around her... “I would love to fill any and all of your fantasies sweetheart... One rule, no pain... and if there is anything you can’t bring yourself to do just say the word “butter”...” Butter? Butter? Where the fuck did THAT come from? I can feel her body relax as she sinks into my arms... comfortable. 

“Ok...” and I stand up and walk to the chair in the room... “Stand up...” I almost whisper, gentle but demanding... “drop the towel...” and she stands before me naked under my view... My goodness she is beautiful... Her nipples harden under my gaze, and she starts to bring her hands up her sides to cover herself... “No... leave your hands down” I have her turn this way, and that... marveling at beautiful she is... 

“you’re beautiful...” and again she blushes... “ touch your nipples... make them hard for me...” her hands slide up her sides to caress her nipples, they rise even more to her touch, “are you wet? Do you like this... Do you like being on display for me?” and she gives me that imploring look... the one only women can do properly, the one that says if you have to ask, you’re too stupid to deserve and answer... But I insist she answers, “Do you like it? does it turn you on to know that you excite me?” and she smiles a little.... “yes...” a whispered cute yes, a yes dripping with eroticism, actually the most erotic yes I’ve ever heard... “Rub your clit for me...” again quiet but insistent... “ I want you to cum for me...” she slides her hand down, trailing through the tuft of hair... middle finger sliding between her puffy lips, dragging out her moisture, I know how excited she is... 

“ohhhhhhhh...  a moan slips from between her lips.... “Sit here...facing me...” and I indicate my lap as I sit in the overstuffed arm chair. 

She slips her legs over the arms of the chair, her wet pussy only inches away from my towel covered hardness, tenting in my lap, and she begins stroking her clit again... “ohhhhh.... Unnnnnnnnnngh....” A long protracted sigh... 

“Don’t cum yet... Keep rubbing but don’t you dare cum...” she leans back just slightly, trying to rub my cock through the towel, Trying to goad me into fucking her as her pleasure mounts... “please, Ohh I want .... Oh.... I want to cum.... please, please Oh let me cum for you....” She pleads. 

“not yet...” and I watch as her finger slows down just perceptibly... “don’t slow down... but don’t cum...” I am such a prick! But from the sounds of her juices as her finger slides over her clit she’s enjoying this too... “look at me... open your eyes...” 

“Please.... Ohh.... Please let me cum....” I have now died and gone to heaven! The woman of my fantasies is asking my permission to cum... sitting right on my lap, just inches away from my cock... Her juices sliding down between her legs, gathering on my thigh... 

“ok... cum... but look at me when you do... look into my eyes...” Her hand traces the circles faster, I know that she’s gone over the edge, she has to cum now... her eyes slits, I watch as they roll back on her head, as she looses touch with the here and now... I watch the tingles course through her body, feel her thighs squeezing the chair, watch as her juices seep from deep within... Her breasts bounce with each shudder, her nipples hard points on her chest, her hand a blur, as her hips thrust with each wave of her orgasm... 

“Ohhhhhhhhhh!... unnnnnnghf....” Almost a wail now... her stomach fluttering rhythmically, Her pussy, deep pink, wet, flowing, inflamed, pulsing with the depth of her cum... “oooooooooh!..... oooohhhh fuck oh fuck oh fuck.... Unnnnnnnnngh....” The expression on her face changes... from one f intense pleasure, on the brink of pain, to one of satisfaction as her eyes come back into focus, an embarrassed smile on her face. 

“oh no my dear, you didn’t keep your eyes open... cum again... look at me while you cum...” her eyes widen... “I... I... can’t... not again... please....” Again the whispered response... 

“cum for me now... cum into my eyes...” and her hand speeds up.. her breathing becoming erratic, she is forcibly trying to keep her eyes open as her hand speeds up, the tight circles I have come to know signals her impending orgasm... Her breathing becomes ragged once again, and again the flow of juices down over my thighs... Her moaning even louder this time as she crests, breast shaking, thighs quivering... rhythmic pulsing of her pussy, she’s looking into my eyes as I watch her cum, aware that I’m watching her, only intensifying her orgasm... her hand slows... I want this woman so bad it hurts. I want to lay her down and slide into her, I want to fuck her hard... 

“was that good this time?” her coy question... 

“yes... very good my pet...” my confident answer... who the fuck do I think I’m kidding! My whole body is shaking with desire, my cock taught, pulsing... 

As I stand up, her legs wrap around my body, and I gently lay her down on the bed, my hard cock at her moist opening... and I slide forward, just slightly, the head just barely penetrating her, her hips rise to meet mine, trying to pull me in, I can feel the walls of her wet, warm pussy drawing on me, pulling me deeper into her. 

The tingles as I slide into her are indescribable, unbearable, delicious, radiating through my body as I slide deeper into her, her hips leaving the bed, setting up the perfect angle as I slide deep into her, just touching bottom, filling her completely. Long slow pulling out of her, I feel her crest once again, the rhythmic contractions of her pussy putting me over the edge once again. Cumming so hard that it feels as if body and soul are pouring into her... 

“Ohh!... Cum with me!” she shrieks in my ear... her shrieks lost in my groans as I pulse in her... My weight coming down off my elbows to rest on her... we fit so well together... her legs wrapped around my back... so nice, so warm, so soft... her nipples the only hardness against my chest, my head falling to her chest, hugging her, “so nice... sooooo niceeee she whispers in my ear as our breathing once again returns to normal...