 The following narrative is a true story. It is my first attempt at writing erotic literature. As always, all of the characters are over the age of 18.

This story features a young college-aged couple in love having fun together over a weekend, divided up into different chapters. I hope you enjoy. 

****

Ch. 1

"Well, the bad news is that we only have two measly hours before I have to leave... I was planning on today being a day-long fuck-fest baby," he whispered tauntingly in my ear.

I felt a delightful shiver run down my spine. The thought of being the center of his attention all day long already had me dripping wet in anticipation. Although I had just seen him last weekend, unfortunately we didn't get to have any quality time alone. I was relished any moment we had together.

As we sat on the bed, he lovingly nibbled on my neck, with his fingers laced in mine. He occasionally stole a bite or two of my ears lobes. He knew exactly which places to devote his attention to in order to turn me on.

Finally, I decided I'd had enough of his teasing. I wanted him, and I wanted him bad. My whole body ached for him. I could no longer suppress my lust.

I pushed him to the bed so we were laying side by side, facing each other, with my one leg straddling his sexy athletic body. I could already feel his large hardness pressing against me through his jeans, furthering my excitement.

We kissed passionately, our tongues intertwining, seeking each other. I was fully aware of his hands on my curvy ass. They were tracing the outline of my lacy black thong through my snug yoga pants that I had deliberately worn that day, just for him. I pressed my body back into his, reminding him of my need. He teasingly bit my lower lip in response. I moaned into his mouth as he started gently caressing between my legs, clearly feeling my desire for him.

Suddenly, he pinned me against the mattress. He pulled my shirt down, revealing my matching black bra. He then took my breast out and began sucking on it while his hand gave my other breast some much needed attention. 

I want him inside me NOW, I thought to myself.

He bit down hard on my sensitive nipple and made me cry out in pure pleasure. My senses went into overdrive as I threw my head back, my eyes squeezed shut. 

"Mmm it feels so good," I told him.

I want more, I want your cock, I thought to myself.

"Then this is going to feel even better," he responded, as he pulled my pants and panties down, and buried his face in my freshly-shaved smooth pussy.

Startled, my hips desperately bucked up to meet his tongue. My hands frantically grasped at the sheets, trying to find anything to grab onto. 

As his tongue circled my sensitive little clit, he pushed one finger into my already dripping wet pussy, searching for my special spot. He expertly rubbed his thick fingers against the place where he knew would make me wild.

I felt myself becoming wetter by the second. He began to tongue fuck my pussy and my mind went blank. My body hurdled towards my impending climax. Distantly, as if in a trance, I heard myself calling out his name and vaguely felt my hands holding his head.

"Oh yes, baby, you're going to make me cum so hard," I cried out at his ministrations.

Encouraged, he increased his tempo of fingering my slit, making me whimper very loudly. My pussy tightened around his finger, my body tensed and began quivering.

"I want you to cum for me baby girl. Cum from me eating your delicious pussy," he said. He looked up at me and watched my face as it contorted into a vision of pure ecstasy.

He held me down with both hands against the bed as my body wildly thrashed and shook to the core, all while moaning, and screaming nonsensical expressions. My brain shut down, the only thing I knew was the tremendous pleasure that he was giving me.

When I finally came to from my mind-blowing orgasm, I opened my eyes to see him smiling down at me.

"Time for round two," he said with a grin.

*****

Ch. 2

With swift movements, he removed his remaining clothing. He forcefully pinned my hands down over my head, holding onto my wrists tightly. With his free hand, he grabbed his cock and placed it at my already dripping wet entrance.

Moaning, I thrust my hips up to meet his, desperate to feel him inside me. With a smirk, he purposely avoided entering my pussy. Instead, he began rubbing the head of his cock against my hypersensitive clit. My eyes begged him to enter me.

Please, I'll do anything, I just want to feel you inside me, I thought.

After what felt like ages, he lowered himself into me, agonizingly slow. He kissed me along my neckline, across my collarbone, and up to my ear. As he kissed my neck, he moaned how much he loved me. He began thrusting harder and harder, burying himself deeper inside me. I wrapped my legs around him, pushing him even further into my tight love tunnel.

Releasing my wrists, he placed my legs on his broad shoulders. This allowed his thick cock the perfect position to hit my g spot. I alternated between moaning into his mouth when he kissed me, and playfully biting his shoulder. My nails dug into his back, my body arching, completely overwhelmed with the immense pleasure he was giving me.

Sensing I was close to another orgasm, he increased his efforts. I bit hard down on his shoulder, muffling my scream as my nails dug deeper into his back. He knew this position was my weakness, it wouldn't take me long to cum at all.

"I want you to cum inside me," I whispered to him lustfully.

Spurred on by my naughty words, he roughly flipped me over onto my stomach. He grabbed handfuls of my ass as he pounded my pussy hard. Occasionally he slapped my curvy ass and told me what a dirty girl I was. He played with my large breasts, pinching my rock-hard nipples as he thrust deep into me.

"I'm going to fill your little pussy up with my hot cum. I'm going to make you cum all over my hard cock baby girl," he groaned out.

His sensual words and his strong thrusts pushed me over the edge. My whole body shook as I cried out his name over, and over again. My pussy tightened around his member, pulling him even deeper inside me. I bucked back on his thickness, as the head of his cock made my g spot explode with pleasure.

The feeling of my intense orgasm triggered his. I could feel his hot cum filling me up to the brim, my pussy squeezing the last bit of cum out of his cock. It felt so good, I loved it when he came inside me. It made me feel so naughty.

I was breathing heavily, attempting to recover from my second spectacular climax. Slowly, I began regaining control over my body, as I felt myself being turned over onto my back. He kissed me deeply as I felt his cock regain hardness while still nestled inside me.

After I kissed him back passionately, I jumped up from the bed with newfound energy. I felt so empty without his cock buried inside me. Immediately, I knew I had to fix this unpleasant void feeling. A smile crossed my face as I realized we still had one more hour.

I grabbed his hand, laced my fingers with his, and pulled him along with me. He gave me a quizzical look, still recovering from his powerful climax as well. I walked in front of him with my ass swaying. Turning, I gave him a sly smile and a lustful wink.

"Fuck me in the shower."

*****

Ch. 3

"Your wish is my command baby," he told me as he swept me off my feet and into his arms.

"You're so damn sexy," he whispered, as he carried me to the large bathroom.

I felt enveloped in his strong safe arms. After a long kiss, he gently set me down on the ground. He pinned me up against the wall and got down on his knees, spreading my already wet aching pussy. He licked from my swollen clit down to my tight ass, back and forth, non stop for minutes. I alternated between moaning loudly and screaming for him, intoxicated by his passionate lovemaking. I looked down at him, seeing he was stroking his hard cock while his face was buried in my sweet throbbing pussy.

After what seemed like hours of teasing pleasure, he stood up, and told me not to move a muscle.

"When I come back, I want you standing facing me, with two fingers in your pussy," he demanded. So turned on by his strong words, I did exactly as I was told.

He left for a moment to turn on the shower. When he returned, he walked back toward me with his hard cock swaying. We stood five feet apart, masturbating, looking into each others eyes. Him stroking his cock slowly, me rubbing my pussy quickly. 

"Please fuck me, dominate me, I want it so bad!" I begged, while my legs shook, struggling to stay upright.

As steam rose from behind him, I saw his sexy body in the mirror. As the mirror continued to fog up as he walked to me, he grabbed me by the base of my hair, and led me to the shower. He kissed me deeply as he teased my pussy with the head of his cock, my rock hard nipples pressed against his strong chest. Our bodies were so warm, so full of lust for each other, my nipples sensitive to the slightest gust of air, sending a shiver down my spine.

He lifted me towards the shower with his strong hands and back. We couldn't keep our hands off of each other. We stood there for a few moments, and enjoyed the water pouring down on us. The water made our bodies so smooth and slippery. He drew me close into his embrace. At that moment, there was nowhere in the world that I'd rather be than in his arms. I felt safe, secure, and sexy. 

He was standing facing my pussy, his thick cock pressing against me. I felt wild, naughty, and incredibly turned on. He grabbed my tits, and groped them. I wanted him so bad that I nearly came right then and there.

I stood under the flow of the hot water and faced the shower head. He spread my pussy and entered me, groaning at how tight I was, and how my pussy was squeezing his cock as he entered me. He grasped my wet hair, pulling it, causing my back to arch, pushing my curvy ass towards him. My breasts were outwards salaciously, and my cheek was pressed against the cool tiled shower wall, the chill teasing my nipples, making them ache with pleasure. Steam radiated from our naked bodies.

"Pick a number, one, two, or three," he said, as he took deep, long thrusts into my pussy.

"2... no, I mean 3... I think?" I answered him nervously, while bouncing my ass back toward him, excited about what might happen next.

"Okay, three it is then," he said with a glimmer of excitement in his eyes. I could tell he got the number he really wanted me to answer with.

He spun me around, pressed me against the opposite shower wall, and spread my ass cheeks wide and open, exposing my tight little pink rosebud. His cock head popped into my tight ass as he slid it in gently, allowing for me to adjust to his size. I felt every individual ridge, ripple, and undulation of his cock. He fucked me deep, exploring my ass with his cock as he playfully bit my neck.

"You're so big, so thick, I feel so full," I told him, wondering how much more filled my little ass could feel.

"Fuck, your ass is so tight," he groaned, as he increased his pace, fucking my spread ass harder with his cock.

As my ass slapped off his sexy abs, he reached for baby oil, splashing it over my ass, covering our bodies as he thrust deep inside me. His balls slapped off my clit as he fucked me roughly.

"You fucking my ass makes me feel like such a naughty little girl," I purred back, eager for him to fill me full of his cum.

"Naughty girls like you need to be spanked," he said as he slapped my ass hard, blood rushing to my ass cheeks where his spanks rained down, making it rose red.

"I'm going to cum inside your tight fuck hole," he said confidently.

"Fuck yeah baby, fill me up, fill up my tight little fuck hole," I moaned, anticipating his cum to rush into my ass. 

He exploded in my ass with hot sticky ropes of warm cum from the head of his cock. I felt a jolt of pleasure as his cum filled my tight ass, it was so hot and sticky. Him coming in my ass only made me want his cock more. It made me want to cum for him too, my own love juices running down my thighs, dripping from my pussy, so excited by the anal cumtreat I had just received from him. 

"Yes! I'm coming from you fucking my ass!" I screamed. 

My legs gave out, causing me to fall back into his arms. I supported myself against him as my breathing slowly returned to normal. He abruptly removed his cock from my depths, causing me to gasp at the feeling of emptiness. He put his hand under my chin and tipped my head back, kissing me passionately. He leaned down close to my ear.

"I can't wait until next weekend," he whispered.