 One of the more memorable days of my life occurred one summer after my sophomore year in college. I was 20 years old, still living at home, and generally enjoying a relaxing summer. On this particular day my folks were away on vacation, and my two siblings had long since moved own, so I had the run of the house.

I spent most of that late morning and early afternoon doing some yard work, washing my car, and generally enjoying a warm sunny day. After getting my fill of sun and menial labor I decided to head in, take a shower, perhaps cook myself a steak on the grill, and wait for my then-current lady friend Melissa to come over for the night after she got off work that evening. It was shaping up to be a great day. Then it got even better.

After coming inside and having a tall cool glass of water, I heard the phone ring. I picked up the phone, and was pleased to hear the voice on the other end of the line. It was my former girlfriend Mary. She and I had broken up a few months earlier, but remained friendly and kept in touch occasionally. I figured it was just a routine call to say hello, but was slightly surprised when Mary said she would like to stop by for a visit. With several hours to kill before Melissa was due to arrive, I readily agreed. "I'm about to hop in the shower, but come on over (she lived only 10 minutes away), let yourself in, and I'll be down in a few minutes.

"Will the door be open?" she asked.

"Sure, I'll leave the side door by the garage unlocked."

Then she floored me. "Not that door. I meant the door to the bathroom."

Now she had my attention. "Why, are you planning on joining me in the shower?" I asked, a bit tongue-in-cheek, as I didn't quite believe she was serious.

"We'll see...," she replied, and we hung up.

My mind started to race, and I could feel my cock start to stiffen in anticipation. Was she really planning to get naked and join me for what would undoubtedly be a much more enjoyable shower than I had previously anticipated? I fairly quickly convinced myself that she was just being playful, and proceeded to get undressed and get on with my shower. I was looking forward to her visit, but didn't really believe things were going to get that wild.

It wasn't that Mary was a prude or anything. And she was certainly sexy—medium height, thin, nice tight little ass, and medium-sized but very perky tits. Certainly a worthy shower mate. While we were dating, we had enjoyed some very steamy manual exploration of each other's bodies, which occasionally escalated into outstanding '69' sessions. My favorite thing about getting it on with Mary was how she climaxed. Soon after we began fooling around, I discovered the spot that drove her crazy. A couple of minutes of having the upper wall of her vagina massaged with a finger or two was guaranteed to get her off.

When she came she would moan very loudly, writhe, scream my name, and generally go crazy. She would then slip into a semi-trance. When she snapped out of it she would routinely proclaim me to be a supreme expert in the art of bringing about earth shattering female orgasms. Of course this always stroked my ego, and really turned me on. She would then show her appreciation further by giving me a vigorous hand job or blow job, which always ended with me blowing a massive steaming load. In short, I enjoyed my time with Mary immensely.

My only regret was that she would never let me put my dick in her hot, sweet, tight little pussy. I was on the verge of penetration several times, but she always stopped me. She had a friend who had gotten pregnant due to a ruptured condom, which made even protected sex too risky in her estimation. I don't think she intended to remain a virgin until marriage, but she was never comfortable enough to go all the way.

I went over all of this in my mind as I showered, and it wasn't until I was done that I realized that she had not suddenly appeared in the shower with me. Apparently she had just been playing around. Oh well, she was always reliable, so I knew she would still stop by. In fact she was probably downstairs waiting at that moment I thought. Despite a bit of disappointment, I was still looking forward to seeing her.

I got out of the shower, dried off, wrapped my towel around my waste and proceeded to brush my teeth, comb my hair, and put on some deodorant. I then turned to head into my bedroom to get dressed, and was flabbergasted at what I saw. Walking up the stairs was Mary. She was wearing a nice tight pair of shorts and a snug tank top. As usual, she looked good, but very different. Her brown hair was dyed a streaky blonde! I was so surprised to see her this way, that I didn't say a word, and simply stepped back into the bathroom with my mouth and eyes wide open in surprise.

She stopped in the doorway. "Do you like it?" she asked.

"Um, yes, wow!" I stammered. And I did, she looked hot, kind of wild, and very different from the sweet girl I had last seen a few weeks earlier.

She broke into a mischievous grin, and stared directly into my eyes. "I like the way you look right now too," she said, and continued to grin at my obvious shock. She then took a step forward, and leaned into me, apparently oblivious to the pole now protruding under my towel.

Continuing to stare into my eyes she said in a low voice, "I'm sorry I took so long to get here. Hopefully I'm not too late."

"Oh, you're not," I replied. I then put my arms around her, pulled her even closer, and gave her a long passionate kiss, which she returned with fervor.

While we were continuing to explore each other's mouths with our tongues, she reached down, gently pulled my towel, and let it slip to the floor. Finally we broke our kiss, and she shifted her stare down to my now throbbing erection.

"Good, I wouldn't have wanted to miss this," she exclaimed.

With that I took her hand and led her into my bedroom. We stopped at the side of the bed, and embraced for another long, passionate kiss. As we were kissing, I lifted her top up over her head, and unfastened her bra and let it drop to the floor. She then stepped back, slipped off her sandals, in one motion took down her shorts and panties, and then stepped out of them. I took a moment to enjoy the view. Her nipples were swollen and hard, and her thick soft tuft of pubic hair was neatly trimmed. All of this was surrounded by her smooth soft skin. Man did I love the way she looked naked!

I then pulled her down onto the bed, and took one of her firm breasts in my hand as our mouths met for another great kiss. After a few moments, I pulled away from her mouth and began kissing my way down her neck until I arrived at one of her sweet tits. At this point my lust overtook me, and I greedily sucked on one nipple, then the other.

While I was doing this she reached down and began stroking my rock hard shaft. Then she began to moan softly. I followed this by putting a hand on her inner thigh, and gradually working my way up to her crotch. I gasped when my hand moved over her soft and now soaking wet bush. I gently rubbed her with my hand for a few moments as her moans gradually intensified. Turned on beyond description, I simply couldn't wait any longer. I had to taste her, and I had to have her moist hot mouth on my dick.

I pivoted around, and into the '69' position. As my mouth finally arrived at its destination, she once again began stroking my cock. When I took her clit into my mouth, she gasped, and immediately went into overdrive. She took the head of my cock into her mouth, and immediately began moving up and down its entire length.

The time for a slow pace had passed. I responded by placing one finger into her while simultaneously flicking her clit with my tongue. After a few strokes of finger fucking, she began squirming and increased the intensity of her oral attack on my manhood. When her moaning reached its full volume, I couldn't hold back, and decided to go for the kill.

I immediately located her hot spot on the roof of her pussy, inserted a second finger in her tight soaking snatch, and set out to bring her over the edge. It didn't take long. She went absolutely wild, let my cock slip out of her mouth, and began to vigorously massage both of her tits.

"Oh god, yes, yes, ohhhhhhhh," she shouted. "With that I felt a gush of her delicious cunt juice, and she began to shudder as one of her trademark violent orgasms overtook her. I continued my fervent rubbing of her hotspot, and lapped up every drop of pussy juice I could take in until she finally came down and totally relaxed. I rolled off, and laid beside her to catch my breath.

After a long recovery, she opened her eyes and looked at me. Her look was one of gratitude, disbelief, and lust. Without a word, she took the head of my cock into her mouth, and rapidly began jerking me off while simultaneously sucking with all of her might.

It didn't take long for me to feel my balls tighten. I held back as long as I could—which wasn't very long at all—and then let go, firing huge spurt after huge spurt of cum deep into her mouth and throat. She didn't miss a beat, and continued her violent jacking and strong sucking until she had drained every drop of cum out of me. Even after there was no more cum to be had, she kept going for a few more moments until she finally let go and rolled onto her back.

We laid there silently for a few minutes until our breathing slowed to a manageable pace. I then looked down, and realized that I was still fully erect. The intensity with which she had sucked my cock apparently had stimulated me so fully that I never lost even the slightest rigidity from my raging hard-on.

"That was incredible!" I told her. "Look, you just drained about a gallon of cum from me, and I'm still hard as a rock!"

"Good, she replied, because I want you to fuck me—right now!!!"

I was shocked. Was this really Mary, the girl who had previously been too nervous to let me stick my dick in her? Fortunately I had the good sense not to question her demand. If she wanted to get fucked, I was certainly going to oblige her.

I climbed on top of her and positioned my dick in near the entrance of her previously forbidden love hole. She grabbed my cock and guided the head in. Even that small penetration was exquisite. She was so hot, wet, and tight that I was glad to just stop for a moment and enjoy it.

"Go ahead and break it. Be gentle, but let's get the pain over with so we can get on with the real fun," she instructed me

"Um, OK," I chuckled.

She then wrapped her legs around mine, grabbed my ass, and began to pull me in deeper. I slowly inserted more of myself into her until I felt the resistance of her hymen.

"Ready?" I asked.

She nodded. I pushed through, and felt her cherry give way. She winced, and took a deep breath. I paused to let her recover. After a few moments she opened her eyes.

"I'm OK. Let's do this," she said.

With that I began to slowly pumping in and out of her. This experience was definitely worth the wait. She had one of the sweetest pussies I had ever felt—tight, wet, and altogether outstanding. And, it turned out she was a natural with a clear talent for fucking. She began to meet me stroke for stroke, and I soon felt the walls of her delicious cunt begin to contract and release, contract and release around my cock. Out of sheer pleasure I let out a slight laugh.

"What is it?" she asked, smiling up at me.

"How do you know how to do that with your vaginal muscles?" I asked.

"I don't know, I just felt like doing it. Now shut up and fuck me like you mean it," she replied.

With that she began digging her fingers into my butt cheeks and pulling me into her with force. You want it, you got it, I thought, and began to pick up my pace. This, she clearly appreciated.

"That's it, fuck me harder. Harder. Ohhhh yes, fuck my pussy. Oh god I love how your big hard cock feels in me," she shouted.

She had gotten me off so thoroughly with her vigorous blowjob that I knew I could really go at it for a while. So, I continued my violent thrusts into her.

"Oh shit, I'm going to cum again. Don't stop. Fuck me harder. Fuck me. Fuck me," she screamed.

I looked into her eyes, saw them begin to roll back into her head, and knew another violent orgasm was on the way.

"Ohhhhhhhhhh," she shouted so loud I figured the entire neighborhood know knew I was getting laid in the middle of the afternoon. With that she began to shake violently as her orgasm ripped through her body. I gradually slowed my humping, then stopped and withdrew.

As we recovered, I just watched her. I still couldn't quite belief my sweet, pretty little Mary had just fucked me like a mad woman.

Finally her eyes opened, and she smiled, rolled over, and gave me a kiss. I rolled up against her and my still hard cock pressed into her thigh.

"You're still up for more?" she asked.

"If you are," I replied. "What's next?" she asked.

"Doggy style," I replied. "I want to watch your sweet little ass while I fuck you."

"OK, what do I do?" she asked.

I rolled her over onto her knees, and positioned two pillows under her head. I then worked my way around behind her, and entered her from behind.

"Oh yeah!" she exclaimed when I was fully inside.

Given the location of her vaginal hot spot, I had expected her to enjoy getting it from behind. I was not disappointed. I began to thrust in and out of her. I absolutely love to fuck doggy style, and my restraint was now gone. I immediately got up to a good pace, getting as deep as possible with each thrust as my balls slapped against Mary's firm little ass.

"Oh yes, this is great!" she exclaimed. "Do it, fuck me like a dog...ohhhhh," she moaned.

At this point I was fired up, and let fly with my own string of dirty talk.

"That's right Mary, I'm going to fuck your hot, tight little cunt, just like you want it. You always wanted me to fuck you like this, didn't you? You're my fuck toy, Mary, my hot little fucking slut."

"Yes, yes, yes!" was all she could manage to get out as she was nearing her third orgasm. "Ohhhhhhhhhhhhhhh," she moaned loudly as she once again came.

This was just too much, and I was on the edge. Just as I was about to erupt, I pulled out, and shot my load onto her ass and the backs of her legs. We both collapsed onto the bed, and my dick finally softened.

After another period of recovery, she said, "Now I need a shower. Care to join me?" 

Completely covered in sweat from our intense workout, I gladly agreed.

After a few minutes of kissing under the hot water, we began exchanging the soap, first washing our own bodies, then each other's. Our energy quickly returned, and Mary began to stroke my soft soapy shaft. I played with her once again hard nipples, ran my hands over her smooth ass, and rubbed her pussy.

My erection gradually reappeared. After feeling my hardness return, Mary backed away, and grabbed a bottle of baby oil from the shower caddie. I just looked at her with what I imagine was a confused, but eager expression.

"After that performance, you deserve to finally get your true wish," she said.

"I just had a fantastic session of fucking with a hot young virgin, and you think I still deserve something more?" I asked with a wide smile.

"Yes, what you really want is to cum inside me. Isn't that true?" she asked.

"Yes, but what about the risk of pregnancy?" I asked.

"What I have in mind won't result in pregnancy," she answered.

"Huh?" was all I could manage.

With that, she opened the baby oil, and put a generous coating of it on my dick. She then poured some into her and, reached around behind her, and smeared it into and around her butt hole.

"You're fucking kidding me, you want me to do you in the ass?" I asked.

"You don't want to do that?" she replied.

"I do, but this is too good to be true. You really want me to do that?"

"There were a few times I would have let you have my ass, but I was too embarrassed to bring it up," she told me.

I just smiled, and shook my head.

Mary turned around, leaned against the shower wall with her back to me, and spread her cute little butt cheeks. I stepped in behind her, crouched down a bit, and guided my once again throbbing cock to the entrance of her bung hole. As I inserted the head, she gasped a bit. I thought her pussy was tight, but her ass was far tighter.

"Don't worry, I'll go slowly. If it hurts, just tell me." I slowly pushed forward, until about half my dick was buried in her.

"It feels OK," she said. "Go ahead."

With that I began to fuck Mary's ass in a gentle, steady rhythm. This was the most amazing thing I had ever felt. It was so hot and tight, but the baby oil was doing the trick. After several strokes, I was able to slide most of my dick in and out with relative ease. I gradually picked up the pace a bit, and Mary started to push back into me in concert with my thrusts.

After a few minutes of this, Mary issued her final command of the afternoon. "Go ahead, cum in my ass. I want your steaming hot load of cum inside me."

As she was saying this, she began to massage her clit, and once again was approaching orgasm. "Oh god, I'm cumming with you in my ass," she yelled.

That was it for me. My cum shot up out of my balls like water through a fire hose, and I fired my load deep into my sweet Mary's bowels.

We finished up our shower, dried off, and got dressed. I walked Mary out to her car. She opened the door, then turned and gave me one last kiss.

"I hope we see each other again soon," she said.

"I think that can be arranged," I smiled back at her. She climbed into her car, we waved goodbye, and I turned to walk into the house as she drove away.

When I got inside, I sat down on the couch, shook my head, and tried to come to grips with what had happened. I wonder what the hell got into her, I thought. Then I remembered my plans for that evening. I decided to take a nap before grilling up my steak for dinner.

Thank goodness I had several hours to recover before Melissa was due to arrive.

To be continued...