 My man has a different job. He protects. He searches. He pursues. The work is mentally demanding and he works strange hours. But today is his day off, and he rouses about 10AM as we have a mixed bag of errands to run.

I don't have a lot of time with him so when we are together I try to make his day special. My man knows what he likes. He chooses and buys my lingerie. He really knows how to present my body.

I start to dress. My first step is to put on my crimson, 6-strap garter belt. It is very comfortable and trims my tummy. Next, I select a pair of beige Torino stockings. They are stretchy and don't bind on my thighs like the flat-knit hose. My man prefers the hard finish of flat-knit stockings because they feel so very silky to the touch and I wear them for dress occasions, but today I am for comfort and tease. 

Next, I put on the nipple rosette shields he got for me for our anniversary. I really like a bit of nipple abuse, but not too hard. The rosettes are sterling silver and bend to fit around my nipples. The filigree looks so sexy over my areolas. They make my nipples stick out even under the fabric of the crimson satin and lace bra that I will put on to match my garter belt. After smoothing on my stockings, I don the bra and adjust my tits in the satin cups. I am really getting into my role for the day.

Surveying my drawer, I choose to mix and match my lingerie. Over my garter belt, I slip on my favorite black panties. They have lace across the waist and along the sides of my pussy. They feel wonderful and my man loves to remove them. Then I pull out a very lacey black half slip which has 6 inches of incredible French lace at the bottom. I slide it up over the hose and my panties. The black half slip and the crimson Balconette bra looks really hot in my mirror. Feeling good and looking good, I am good to go.

All I need now is the camouflage. A black jersey top and a denim skirt below the knee and he won't have a clue what lies beneath until I decide to reveal it. 

He rises groggy from too little sleep after a late night at work. I give him a good morning kiss, but he remains unaware of my surprise. He sucks down his coffee, trying to revive, and dresses and shaves. In short order though, he is rallied and ready to go. 

As we set out in the car, I begin my tease. Slowly, I hike my skirt. He sees that I am wearing stockings. Next the crimson tabs of my garter belt peek out. His interest aroused, he wants to stare; but he must focus on the road. Soon the black lace of my slip appears and, a few inches higher, the panties that cover my shaved mound.

We both know he has to concentrate on his driving and he knows he has to be extra careful with my little distraction in action, but, I tease him that way all day and he loves it! Maneuvering artfully in traffic, he glances, touches and intermittently gropes all the while maintaining control. Several hours later, we finish the chores. I am absolutely drenched and I know my man is wired. 

Arriving home, he braces me against a door frame and demonstrates his interest in my brazenly advertised assets. Standing behind me, he bends me back so that I am arched over his chest and he can feel me up. My nipples already erect and sensitized by the rosettes get even harder as he massages and plays pulling at the nipples through my jersey. Satisfied he has their attention, he reaches down and, pulling my skirt up, he proceeds to peel my panties off. With my pussy naked, he employs his incredible two-finger technique on my clit that drives me insane. I am about to cum standing up, but he stops. He retreats to my titties and assaults my nipples again. But he is a devil and he walks away, leaving me hanging.

We have dinner and cocktails and there is small talk, but where's the tension? I am wild. TV and snuggling? What the hell's up with this?

Eleven o'clock rolls around. "I'm going to bed," I say thinking, "Well, so much for this day. Guess he's just too tired to get it up."

But as I rise from the couch comes an unexpectedly perky, "Okay, I'll help." 

He leads me up the stairs. Slowly and methodically, he removes my top and skirt. He has already bared my pussy and has my panties in his pocket. With great precision, he unhooks my bra; and, slowly, one-by-one, he releases my breasts from the crimson bra. The silver nipple rosettes flash in the light. He does not remove my garter belt and stockings and I know this bodes well for me getting a good fucking.

Recently, he bought me several very sexy nightgowns. Tonight he chooses to dress me in the silver-black nightie to compliment the crimson garter belt and hose. It cups my tits and is very silky. We both enjoy the sensation as he runs his hands over the entire garment. Our passions rise, making my juices really flow and him harder than ever, but he is totally in charge, and he knows it. 

He lays me on the bed. He puts me on my back. He spreads my pussy. He absolutely controls my clit. I am his toy. Lying on the bed, flat on my back, he drives me crazy with his clit manipulations. I am so ready to cum.

He unbuckles his belt and lets his trousers drop. At the edge of the bed, I am at eye level with his cock. I roll towards him clawing at his u-trow trying to pull them aside or get them off. I so want that cock.

But he is a bastard! He makes me wait! He makes me beg! He makes me gush!

He feeds me his cock slowly with one hand controlling my head and the other in my pussy. He slides his luscious fat cock into my eager mouth and does his two-finger spectacular on my clit.

I explode! Unbelievable!! I have never cum so quickly or easily -- ever! 

When I have cum, I am done for a while. My man knows this and understands. He didn't get his yet, but as he zips up and walks away, he says Arnie style, "I'll be back." And believe you me he'll be back.