 We end up in a rented 4 wheel drive driving between appointments, I know the weather in the north east is difficult to predict and I'm growing more and more concerned about the darkening skies. "smells like snow don't ya think?" I ask her as we drive in silence, seemingly in the middle of nowhere. 

She sits there looking so unconcerned, so distant, lost in thought, and I take a few chances to look at her as I drive. Pale, long hair, smooth skin, long neck, How I'd love to kiss that neck, the swell of her breasts, the tight sweater following the curves that disappear beneath her unzipped coat. 

"A penny for your thoughts..." and she looks at me, her eyes snapping to the here and now... "oh its nothing... Just...." And I wonder what the conclusion of that thought is, patiently I wait, knowing that she can't just let that moment of silence last. 

"Thinking good things? Erotic things?" and I giggle trying to break the mood. 

"Just things" is her reply. "I'm kind of worried about what's been going on at home. He doesn't seem to... "a frown crosses her faces as she searches for the words, "... want me anymore." 

How can any one not want this woman I wonder. So sweet, clean crisp features, always smiling, always the featured performer of my fantasies. But then I think about home as well, Shit, let's not go there. "Have you tried to... ummm entice him?" I ask. 


"Yes I've done everything but a bump and grind wearing nothing at all and can't seem to interest him, our.... Ya know... life, was so great and exciting before but he has just gotten bored with me I guess..." 

"Maybe that's what he needs, a bump and grind in nothing at all" is my response with the hint of a smile on my face. I really wish I could hope that her relationship goes sour, that it will give me a chance with her but I just can't quite bring myself to wish that pain on her. 

"He's a great father to the kids, and we have fun together, I couldn't leave him because of the kids but... I can't live the life of a nun anymore." 

"I know what you mean, I love the kids but can't stand the fights, the discontent all the time, but I'll never leave... Maybe what we need is an affair," Oh my god I can't believe I just said that! I kind of giggle hoping that she'll interpret it as a joke, afraid that she won't, my worst fear is that she'll say ok right here... My heart thumping in my chest I sneak a glance away from the road and see her slight smile, just an upturning of her lips, that far away stare in her eyes looking right at me... she shakes her head once, almost violently as if she has really been contemplating it and decided no, she grins and says "it would be fun and if it was ever going to happen it would be with you, but I just can't see myself doing that" and she puts her hand on my leg. I'm afraid to move, afraid that she will take it away, afraid that it will stay there... I really want to take a breath and finally do as her hand slides off to go back in her lap. My leg burning where her hand has been. 

As my attention goes back to the road I see that snow has begun falling. "shit.. I hope this ends soon or we'll never make the train home" 

"We've got one more stop to make and then we'll make a bee line to the train station" 

Almost as if on cue my cell phone rings, and our next appointment is cancelled. "its snowing so hard they're letting all their people go home early. And we have to go past them to get to the train station." 

"Let's stop at the café on the corner and see if we can get to see the weather" she suggests. Sounds good to me. 

The weather report is bleak. I expect the 60 mile trip to the train station is going to take us hours. We head back to the pick up, and start back, the snow starting to blow. "Let's find a hotel, want to call home?" and I listen as she explains things to home. It's a painfully short conversation and I know she's hurting by the time it ends. My turn, I spend a few minutes explaining to the kids that daddy won't be home tonight, the brief exchange of unpleasantries that conversations with the wife have become and I'm done. The snow is now getting uncomfortable to drive in, darkness is falling. 

"I think we should stop at the next hotel and get a couple of rooms" is her suggestion, I can see her smile in the darkness. I pull into the next hotel and the parking lot is packed. The desk clerk tells me he has one room left, king size single bed, I ask him to hold it as I run back out to the truck, watching two more cars trying to make it to the hotel. 

"One room, one bed is all they have, do we try to make it to the next exit? What do you want to do..." We hear a thud and look at the car trying to make it bounce at the bottom of the ditch. She laughs and says "go get it before we lose it" 

Bill paid, I ask her if she has anything to carry to the room, "no I didn't bring anything, we were supposed to be home tonight, did you?" 

"I always have my gym bag with me, I haven't hit the gym since I did my laundry so I have... ummmm let me see... two T shirts, a pair of good shorts and my favorite shorts" I hold up the torn rag that my favorite shorts have become like a dog showing the mouse he just caught in the back yard, a goofy grin on my face, we grab my bag and head upstairs to the room. 

"Do you want to go to dinner?" 

"Not really couldn't we just do room service?" and I laugh... "what's home going to think?" I can't believe those words came out of my head, with thoughts of trying to seduce her running rampant and I say the exact words I don't want her to think... Can I be more stupid? I'm sure I can be but I'm also sure I'd have to work pretty hard at it. "I'll tell you what... We are going to have a vacation... No thinking or discussing anything home related... Deal?" Ok! 

You know what I'm thinking... (I am a full blooded male stuck in a hotel room with a beautiful woman I have been fantasizing about for years with only one bed...) My half smile gives me away... "Hey! None of those thoughts! You've been a friend and coworker for years, you're like a brother to me... it would change our relationship forever." a blush creeps into her cheeks 

"Ooooookaaaayyy" I say in that sing songy I'll give it a shot tone of voice with a shit eating "not a fucking prayer of that happening" grin on my face. "You take the bag and pick what you want, I'll take second choice" I tell her and she picks up the bag and heads into the bathroom. I'm thinking... "hmmmm so she has thought about it..." and with a giggle I shake my head... "stop thinking stupid shit... she just told you no in as nice a manner as she could... You lose... She uttered the kiss of death words, the dreaded and always to be avoided words, the "you will never have a fucking prayer words," the words all men hate, the "like a brother" in any form words" 

When she comes out, holding her skirt and sweater in that way that only women can, she is the picture of beauty, of eroticism, of desirablility, and I can't help but look her over up and down, my eyes drawn to her. Her long slender and smooth legs traveling up and getting lost in the gym shorts, a satin soccer style pair of shorts, the T shirt hanging loose, her nipples poking against the cotton fabric of the white T shirt, her hair backlit in the light coming from the bathroom, I can almost make out her nipples, just a darker shading of the shirt, or is it my imagination? 

I mutter under my breath "sis never looked like that!" as I grab the bag and breeze past her so fast that she wonders if I'm angry, I find my old shorts and a ratty T shirt left in the bag. I'm thinking "I sure hope she's in bed... fuck. How am I going to maintain control? What the fuck am I going to do..." Standing in my shorts and T shirt looking at myself in the mirror.. the voices start... "Fuck her! You know you want to!" "No don't take advantage of her... she's hurting, she thinks of you as a brother" "Aw bullshit! She's a big girl fuck her if you have half a chance!" The inner battle rages... "Well shit... I've always thought of myself as a good guy... I have to keep my distance..." and I resign myself to a long and frustrating evening... 

She's standing kind of shyly near the bed with a questioning look on her face. "you take the bed I'll take the chair" and I'm thinking you "stupid shit... You have to suffer through the most sexually frustrating night of your life and you're even giving away the bed? WHAT a DICK you are!" but the words that come out my mouth are... "really, you take the bed I'll be ok..." I fold down the blankets and sheets for her, and sigh as she slides in bed, shorts riding up I almost see a glance of heaven and look away as fast as I can, furious with myself as the blush begins to color my face. Chair slid to the side, foot stool up so I can rest my legs on it, spare blanket from the closet, we turn on the TV. "are you hungry?" I inquire. 

"No Not yet, we'll order in a while ok?" 

"Sure! Sounds good... what's on? What do ya want to watch?" and I get out of the chair to sit on the bed with her as we look at the TV guide. Great Nothing's on... We cruise through the in room movies, the on screen menu, nothing really great, I want to watch the perfect storm movie (thinking that the threat of drowning will take my mind off of her) she wants to watch a drippy movie about Email or something... 

"Have you ever watched one of those dirty movies they have?" she asked.

"Ummm..." giggle "ummmm Yeah one or two..." is my shy response... Is she trying to kill me? Does she want to watch me drop dead of blue balls before her very eyes? Can I survive this? Or will I suffer the terrible fate of terminal lack-a-nookie? 

"Let's watch one!" she says in a playful voice... 

"You wouldn't dare!" I accuse.

"Sure I would!" 

"with your brother in the room?" 

She laughs loudly... "definitely not with anyone but you... did I say Brother?" 

Ah HAH! A chink in the armor! Perhaps there is a prayer! 

And she begins to flip through the adult previews... I didn't remember giving up my manhood, don't remember when possession of the remote changed hands but I was sure glad it wasn't in my control, we giggled at the titles as we flipped through the choices, we went through them all at least three times before we settled on one. And the moment of fear as the screens says "wait while we load your movie" 

Not one of those soft porn movies where they don't let you see anything below the waist this was graphic. We watched while guys did girls, girls did girls, the vocals on this movie were particularly good, the women in the movie moaning but not fake, the orgasms looked real (can any man really tell?), one of the best porn movies I'd ever watched, for technical merit anyway. I was hard as a rock and using the blanket to cover it up. Laying back in the chair my hand slid down to wrap around my shaft, not stroking, just kind of squeezing. I was hyper charged, I wanted so desperately to let go, it only would've taken a few quick strokes, I knew I could probably chance it and cum but what to do with the mess. 

A quick glance at her to see what she was doing and noticed that both hands were somewhere under that blanket. No movement I could discern, her nipples standing out proudly, her breathing, slow deep, eyes half open I was dying to know what she was thinking... Again I thought about just letting go. My orgasm was so close, my cock throbbing in my hand, a moan slipped from between my lips. 

She looked at me, again with that far away glance... "what are you thinking?" she asks me... 

"Sex... I'm thinking of sex." 

A subtle giggle, "What kind of sex?" 

How the fiddler's fuck do you answer that question... do I tell her I want to cum? I want to fuck you so bad it hurts? 

"I don't know, just... sex...." And I hate the blush that is, once again, creeping through my cheeks. 

"What do you do when you watch these alone?" she asks... Now I know she's not that stupid. What the fuck does she think? I would've cum an hour ago, and stroked off another one by now. 

"ohhhh I don't know... Fantasize I guess..." 

"Do you... ummm ya know.... "And I'm thinking... just ask the fucking question are you afraid to say it? 

"... masturbate?" and again, that silly little embarrassed giggle. 

"yeah, usually... I guess... ummmm" again the red blush. 

"do you want to do that now?" Yes! I want to cum in the absolutely worst way! I want to stroke my cock and groan loudly, I want to throw off the covers and shoot across the room, I want to feel every glorious pulse of pleasure race through my cock as an intense orgasm ravages my body! 

"No I'm ok..." What a stupid fucking answer! Ask her if she wants to, say anything to take this to the next step. Why are you SO fucking stupid! But my hand strokes once. Both of our eyes dart to the movement under the blanket. I can't believe I did that. The tingles begin to race through my body, and I get that precum look on my face, where my eyes scrunch up a bit, the uncontrollable goofy smile, half pain half ecstasy. I know its right there, two or three more strokes and I'll cum right in front of her. 

"Do you.... Ummm masturbate?" I ask stupidly. 

"Of course! I'd go crazy if I didn't" 

"Do you want to now?" Again the smirk, 

"I have been for some time now... I'm close... didn't want to do it in front of you..." 

"not in front of your brother huh?" Oh that's great! The wounded puppy routine! That will bring her in won't it you stupid ass. 

"Oh will you stop it? I find you desirable... Much more than a brother, I'm just afraid it would change our relationship..." I would promise anything at this point, I will marry you and have your babies, I'll jump a tall building, stop a train, stop a speeding bullet with my teeth. 

"I would hate for that to happen, you're very special, I like working with you..." 

A hint of disappointment in her voice. "me too... "

And the final scene of the movie starts, a woman reminiscing about the action that has happened in the movie, all of the hottest parts, all of the cum shots flash through her mind as we watch her hands slowly slide down her body... Her nipples erect, her legs spreading as her fingers slide into her body, she sinks down on the chair she's sitting in. The look on her face is priceless... obvious ecstasy we watch as she cums... her body fluttering, one of the few, the very rare times where I am convinced the actress is actually enjoying an on screen orgasm... 

"wow, that was hot... Do you enjoy watching that? Do you like to watch a woman masturbate?" 

"Yeah, that really gets to me" My throbbing cock in hand desperately begging to be stroked. God I want to cum... How the fuck will I sleep now? 

"sack time I guess..." is my brilliant reply. Maybe I can get up and go to the bathroom, Maybe I can get those three delicious strokes to send me over the top... the TV goes off and I hear her roll over. I can't believe she can just drop off to sleep... I roll over a hundred times. Glad that the light's out, my raging hard on not one percent withered, I know its not going down until I cum. I'm waiting for her breathing to get regular and slow then the two or three strokes and I'll be able to sleep.

"Do you want to share the bed?" is her whisper in the dark, so softly spoken that under normal circumstances I probably wouldn't even have heard her, but sounding like a shout in the darkness.

"But I thought you were afraid... that you were worried about our relationship?" is my einsteinium reply... I have definitely cornered the market on stupid now. 

"Just promise that you won't touch ok?" 

OK God is punishing me now. How can I say no? How can I say yes? I'm going to lay in a bed with the woman of my fantasies, after watching the best porno I've ever seen, after she's admitted that she been rubbing her clit and I'm not going to touch? Just the thought of getting in bed with her could make me cum in my present condition, My cock is raging hard and I'm going to be a fucking gentleman? This is such a cruel set of circumstances. 

"ok..." I whisper, sentencing myself to a night of total frustration and no sleep, what will she think when she gets up and I rise with bloodshot eyes not having slept a wink, shit! I'll get up and my hardon will still be painfully apparent. I'm fucked. Not in the literal sense, the figurative "you couldn't get a fucking break if they could be bought and you had a billion dollars" sense. 

I slid into the bed and she scooted over to give me room. I lay there for what seemed like hours listening to her regular breathing patterns. Is she awake? Is she sleeping? I find that I've been holding my hardness for what seems like hours. "Ok you've really fucked up now. If you'd only stayed on the chair you could've cum by now and all this indecision would be behind you" and I make another of those resolutions that always fall by the wayside. Next time we try to make the train station. 

I hear her take a deep breath, a whispered moan in the darkness... Is she dreaming? And I feel her ass against my back, moving ever so slightly, just kind of slightly clenching, but clenching rhythmically. How I'd love to roll over and take her in my arms, kiss the back of her neck, feel her breasts, feel her nipples come to life under my fingers. 

Another moan, a little louder now and I become convinced she's dreaming, I hope she's dreaming about me. Ever the sneaky bastard that I am I slow roll onto my back. My head slowly rolls over to look at her back, I can see the muscles of her shoulder blade moving ever so slightly. No way, is she? Yeah I think she is! She's rubbing again. 

Now the serious indecision... I promised not to touch, I am a gentleman... but what the fuck would a gentleman do in this situation? You've blown the gentleman thing hours ago you ass. 

I roll over and press my hardness against her, the only point of contact my cock with her ass, sliding against her, feeling the clenching of her ass and I hear a long sigh as the return pressure increases. She rolls onto her back and I'm thinking "you fucking idiot! She said no at least three times...." Having lost count it sounds good to me. 

Her leg rises slowly and drapes over mine. My hand around my shaft begins to move of its own accord, to slowly slide up and down my shaft, the tingles race through my body and I know if I'm not REALLY careful I'll cum, I'll have that awesome on the edge for hours roaring orgasm, the one where the grunts and groans can't be controlled, the one where the toes curl and the stomach flutters, and the streams of cum will jet out and fly where ever they may and I won't give a shit where they land type of cum. 

Her leg is moving rhythmically against mine, I glance down and her arm is moving under the covers, slowly, circular, her leg is tensing and I know she's going to cum, quietly, in the dark, with me but alone. "I can't help it... ohhhhhhhh" I hear her whisper in the dark, fighting her own internal battles, I hear the moment of decision pass as her moans grow in intensity, her leg presses against mine as her hips rise off the bed, 

"ohhhhhh baby.... I'm going to.... I can't stop it.... Unnnnnnnh.... Cummmmmmming....." I kick the covers down and watch her as her head goes back, her brow furrowed, she's so close but can't quite get over the edge... the frustration of wanting to cum but the orgasm remaining elusive, so erotic as it involves her entire body... I watch her stomach flutter and my hand reaches out, once again of its own accord, beyond my rational control, and brushes against her nipple, the most awesome erect, hard, quivering nipple I've ever had the pleasure of taking between my fingers... Her eyes fly open and she looks directly in my eye, just enough light from the street to be able to see, her eyes again close to slits, and I watch as she goes over the edge, her soul pouring into mine, those beautiful facial features bunched up in pleasure, "ohhhhhh! Unnnnnnnnnnh!" the waves continue to rage through her body, I watch as the orgasmic flutters course through her stomach, her legs shudder, her hips raised off the bed I watch her through the most intense orgasm I've ever seen a woman have, then she begins to settle... her hips fall slowly back to the bed, her body convulses in some after shocks, the tingles still apparent on her face, her eyes rolled back her hand slowing down. 
