 Leslie was an average girl, with a pretty much normal life and steamy side that no one really knew. She was also a pretty predictable girl; she always tied her long brownish hair back when she worked, ran or cooked, she only read or painted at night so that all her attentions in the day were focused. She was single but always looking for someone to fill the void, but no one ever fit.

The one thing Leslie hated about her life was that it was routine. She worked a first shift job that took up all of her week but left her weekends free. Every Friday she would go to the same bar, looking for the same type of guy. She never had any real fantasies that she spoke about out loud and sex to her was something that could be enjoyed but she had never experienced that side of it yet. 

Every guy she had ever met was either too rough or not rough enough. Still, she never thought that sex was blah, it was just...sex. Like every woman she had qualities that she was looking for but she always seemed to settle for what was in front of her, and she rarely caught the ones she wanted. 

She met Nate with no real attentions attached to him as a partner. He was smart, had a great sense of humor, an adorably cute smile, and eyes that made you want to melt into yourself. Leslie liked him almost right away, but merely as a friend. It never occurred to her that he could be something more until one night she had a dream... 

 Nate sat in an over-stuffed chair in the corner of Leslie's bedroom, silently watching. Laughing softly she went over to him to sit in his lap. He grinned as he wrapped his arms around her slowly, shifting up against her slightly, grinding a little as he stared into her dark green eyes. Leslie slowly kissed him, letting her tongue glide over his bottom lip. Her hands held on to his neck as she shifted slightly, letting her skirt slide up her thighs softly. Nate moaned gently into her mouth as he licked at her tongue softly, his member getting harder in its confinement as he ground up into her deeper, feeling her skirt slide up more. She could feel him hunger to feel her wetness. She felt the fabric of his jeans against her naked thigh, causing small sparks of friction to make its way into her womanly center. With the feeling of it her nipples harden to almost the point of pain. Not breaking the kiss she unbuttons her shirt, slowly and deliberately freeing her mounds of soft flesh. He groaned loudly into her mouth, his shirt already discarded as he began to rub his chest against hers back and forth, she felt their flesh collide as his fingers slid down to her thigh, gently caressing there and up her skirt now, feeling how hot and moist she had become... 

Leslie woke with a sweaty jerk. Her clit throbbed unexpectedly and her breath came out in short pants. The dream on some level scared her, she had never had such a vivid dream about someone she had never slept with. She had told herself that she had only thought of him as a friend, but now as the pleasure of her dream still burned within her abdomen and the wetness between her thighs told her more than her head did. 

She was nowhere near a shy girl, but now every time she saw Nate her cheeks would flush and she'd avoid him by only saying hello and saying she had somewhere else to be. And more and more her daily attentions were becoming caught up in the thought of the night before. As her week drug on after that first erotic dream, she began to find her mind wandering even more. 

On a certain day she was dragging in to work from lack of sleep and on her lunch break she fell asleep at her desk. Her dream started out like the first, hazy in the beginning but becoming more vivid quickly...

 She felt Nate's chest slide against her nipples and the bits of metal that hung from them, causing her to moan into him. Her fingers traveled down his torso and found his belt loops. She grabbed them to pull her pelvis closer to his, raising her body slightly. This caused her mouth to crush more into his. She felt Nate's erection throb from inside its confines. Leslie is suddenly aware that her clit needs to feel open from its lacy cage.

He uses his arms to lift her up slightly as he pulls both her skirt and panties down, sliding them down her legs and away as he moans into her neck. Nate sucks at her neck as he starts to rub his fingertips along her naked folds, feeling the wetness there. Leslie's head leans back slightly, making her long dark hair fall down the middle of her back. She sighs as his lips grace her neck. 

 Her fingers grasp at the button of his jeans, hearing it pop open makes her moan as it coincides with his fingers on the hard nub of her clit. She unzips his fly and as she does she lifts her arms to his neck to hold on to him. 

 "You'll have to stand to let them fall." Her voice comes out huskily.

He picks her up into his arms, letting his jeans fall to the ground as he sucked on her neck deeper. He steps out of his jeans and carries her over to the bed, his erection rubbing against her skin as they walk.

He lays her back onto the bed slowly, licking his lips as he sucks at her neck. He licks along her neck as he starts to rub between her thighs slowly, sliding down her body as he grins. He moves further down, spreading her legs slowly.

In the dimly lit room Leslie grins slightly as she lets him spread her legs, opening her thighs. Her hands run through his longish sandy hair as his body moves down the length of hers. Her head leans further back into the pillow as her eyes flutter closed as she feels his breath at her navel. Nate moans softly against her stomach, licking and sucking around her navel. He then drags his tongue down the very center of her, tasting her wet folds now. Taking one between his lips, he sucks on it softly and slowly, moaning so she can feel the vibrations of his voice through her.

Leslie's breasts heave as her breathing speeds up slightly in pleasure. His name escapes her lips in a breathy moan... 

Leslie woke with a start at someone's hand on her shoulder. She looked up into the smiling face of her best friend, Heather. 

"So who's Nate?" 

"W-What?!" Leslie's eyes got wide as she realized that she had been talking in her sleep. "Oh he's no one." She could feel her cheeks flood with color as she spoke.

"Yeah right, he's obviously someone the way you were shifting in your seat and moaning his name." Heather sat on Leslie's desk and stared into her eyes. "You were having a sex dream, weren't you? I could tell."

Leslie's cheeks flashed a brilliant red, giving her away. Her best friend simply chuckled at her and walked away. Leslie stared after her in an awkward silence. The rest of her day was less than normal. At the oddest times she'd find Heather grinning broadly at her or she'd start to remember some of her dream and she would feel a warm gush between her legs. 

Matters got worse when she was had to stop at the grocery store before heading home. She was standing in the fresh vegetables section when she felt a hand on her shoulder and heard a familiar voice. 

"Hey Leslie."

She turned to stare into the green-eyed god of her dreams. She could feel her cheeks flush.

"Oh, hi Nate." Her eyes seemed directed at the lengthy cucumber she had in her hands and it made her blush harder. She looked in the only direction she could, in his eyes. 

She must have been staring at him longer than she'd expected and she had barely heard a word he said until he asked her "Is something wrong?"

"Oh, no. Sorry." Her eyes once again turned downward as her hand clenched around the vegetable. Her palms were becoming sweaty and her face felt hot. When he placed a finger under her chin to lift her eyes to his, her skin nearly moaned in desire. 

Her clover green eyes softened as they stared at him, she could feel her mind begin to drift uncontrollably...

Her pussy throbs heatedly at his lips. Leslie's hips rise in strain to try to meet his tongue, wanting to bring it closer, deeper. Her fingers clasp and unclasp in his hair as waves of pleasurable heat course through her body.

Nate curls his tongue up against her clit slowly, rubbing it with the tip. He moans louder, feeling her pussy drip onto his lips. He then takes her clit between his lips and begins to suck erotically, rubbing his fingers over her body, up towards her breasts. He pulls on her nipple rings gently as he rocks his head between her thighs.

Her back arches bringing her breasts more fully into his hands and her clit more fully into his mouth, getting him deeper. She moans in small gasps and small beads of sweat form at the back of her neck and at the juncture of her thighs as her body begins to rise in temperature. She can feel her moisture glide onto his tongue and every time he moans into her she can feel it deeply which only adds to her mounting pleasures. Her moans have become louder telling him that she is nearer to release.

He groans louder into her tight wet hole, digging his tongue into her now, tongue fucking her deeply as he rubs her clit each time he pulls out and pushes back in. He starts to suck at her engorged clit, hard, deep, wanting her to cum all over his mouth and feel it run over his tongue and down his throat. Wanting to drink from her as he grips her nipples harder.

Her hips follow the motion of his tongue, grinding them along with his mouth. The moment she feels him suck her clit between his teeth, her body breaks loose. Her juices flow out of her evenly as she shouts his name in between throaty moans. Her thighs are burning as her vaginal muscles clasp and unclasp on his tongue. He licks at her in deep strokes, taking all of her juices with the tip of his tongue...

Leslie's mind jerks her back into reality as she felt foreign lips on her own. She backed up suddenly, hitting the display of cucumbers sharply. Her eyes go wide and her breathing becomes labored. She stares at him as he simply stands across from her. His cheeks are flushed and she glances down to notice that he has a hard-on raging in his pants. 

She gasps slightly and nearly runs from him up to the cash register, as she notices the cucumber still in her hands. She can feel hot stinging tears of embarrassment ride down her cheeks as she mentally beats herself up for daydreaming right in front of him. In horrified shock she wonders what she did in front of him. Her tears mix with the rain as she runs to her car.

Her phone rang several times once she got home, they all were Nate. She sat silently trembling in her bed. She had no clue why she was acting this way, I mean he had obviously not been turned off by it, or he wouldn't be calling her. After Nate had called for about the seventh time, Leslie was exhausted and soon fell asleep, her dreams always picking up where the last had left off...

 He moans loudly as he licks and drinks all of her juices. Rolling his tongue around her pussy and sucking everything he can as he drags his fingertips along her hard nipples. His fingers still playing at her nipples cause her vaginal walls to quiver again, bringing on more juices and pleasurable bursts. She moans slightly embarrassed at her second orgasm coming so quickly after the first one. Her eyes shut and her back arches more fully as his tongue continues to stroke her. Her hands play and slightly tug in his sandy hair and she whispers in a shaky voice.

 "Please fuck me."

He slides his hands up over her shoulders as he rises above her. Pulling her legs around him as he starts to grind up against her. He lowers his mouth upon her nipple, pulling at it with his teeth as he rolls the tip of his moist cock against her clit. Her hips burn as his erection merely rolls across her clit, but doesn't enter.

 Her hands roam his back, grasping at it slightly, rocking his body into hers more fully. Her fingernails rake softly across his skin and she locks her ankles right above his ass, pulling him closer to her. In breathy sighs she pleads for him to enter her. He moans against her breast as he slowly enters her, making her want it even more than ever. He rolls his hips as he pushes up into her, his thick hard cock rocking up into her completely now as he starts to grind with her.

She groans slightly as he enters her slowly, teasing her. Her thighs tighten around his hips as she feels his erection throb within her, causing sparks of heat and wetness to build up in her abdomen. She pushes her heels slightly into his lower back, urging him to go deeper. He slides easily inside of her tightness, her juices work as natural lubricants. Her hips grind slowly and deeply to meet his, and she bites her lower lip trying to fight the urge to cum again.

He slowly thrusts into her deeper than ever. He groans up against her neck now, licking and sucking at it passionately as his entire body is pressed to hers. His hard throbbing cock moves in and out of her tight dripping wet hole. He starts to rock into her a little faster, wanting her to cum all over his member, and also wanting to cum all inside of her...

Leslie woke again with a jerk, only to find her body sprawled on the bed with her thighs open wide. Her body tingles at the pleasure that waves through her. Almost disoriented she looks down at her naked form and in slight shock she spies a foreign object crammed into her tight womanly center. Her fingers shake as she takes it out, her moans coming out of her as if her body is sad that the object is leaving. Her eyes widen as she stares at the intrusion. Her fingers are becoming wet from the juices that stream down the green leathery peel of the cucumber from the market.

Her face flushes completely as she realizes she hadn't fallen asleep. She had just been daydreaming again, but this trip took her farther than before. Her body throbs and she realizes she never finished her orgasm. Biting her lower lip she looks again at the hot vegetable in her hands. She throws away any inhibitions and gently places the tip of the cucumber at her clit. Her hips buck underneath her as she moans throatily. Shoving the vegetation into her wet gaping body, her moans become cries of pleasure.

Her ears focus on the wet slippery sounds of her pleasure as waves of it roll over her skin. The natural texture of the cucumber causing sweeter sensations within her. She can feel the bumps of it ride along her inner cavern and it causes her hips to rut on the cucumber as if it were real flesh. The highest plateau of ecstasy hit her and her body shakes heavenly, causing cascades of clear liquid juices to stream in between her fingers.

Her breath tries to slow itself in the glowing aftermath of her orgasm. Her eyelids flutter closed in a dreamy stupor. She is still in this sleep-like state when her phone rings again. Without thinking she picks it up and hardly recognizes her own voice as it takes on a husky tone.

"Hello." 

"Leslie?" The voice on the other end is Nate's. Leslie's throat tightened and she tried to speak, but her nervousness claimed her once again. "Leslie?"

Leslie breaks out of her shell slightly. "Yes, Nate."

At the huskiness of her voice and the way his name rolls off her lips, she can hear his breath catch slightly. In almost a rush outside of her self she asks him to come over, not really knowing why she needed his company so badly. She only knew that she didn't want to be alone. 

She sat curled up in the chair that sat in the corner of her room, her mind drifted to erotic thoughts in spurts as she waited for him. And that's where she was when he found her. 

Leslie looked up at him through lust-heavy lids. She simply stayed sitting in the chair as he crossed the room. The moment that they stared at each other seemed to stretch into an eternity, the air sparked with electrical tension. It actually took Leslie a moment to realize she was still naked, but the thought of it didn't embarrass her. She shut her eyes, as if willing herself to wake up scared that she was daydreaming again. 

A finger on her chin brought her eyes open. Nate was crouched down and looking into her eyes. She could feel her own body tingle in response to his nearness as he leaned in to kiss her lips softly yet deeply. A moan forced itself past her lips as they opened more to receive him. Their kiss deepened and her body nearly screamed out another moan as she felt his thumbs run over the taunt peak of her nipples.

Leslie could feel her inner thighs become slightly wet as her juices began to form. Her skin felt like it was on fire as her mind raced, loudly hoping that this was real. Her eyes opened when she felt her weight shift as Nate carried her over to her bed. Her emotions pooled and nearly overflowed at the sweetness he showed as he laid her down. His name breathed past her lips as her hands brought his face and mouth into hers once again. 

Leslie couldn't help but laugh softly at the fact that Nate was still fully clothed. Her fingers boldly traced the edges of his shirt and pulled it off swiftly, loving the sight of her first view of his naked flesh. Her eyes looked into his and she saw a desire that matched her own, making her cheeks flush slightly red. 

She raised her knees so that her thighs set on either side of Nate's hips. Having him straddling her in such a way, she could feel his throbbing hard erection through his pants resting against her womanly center. She smiled as her fingers traced the waistband of his pants, just teasing his skin, never going down in them. He groaned against her neck as he began to trail his tongue down the column of her throat. At the feeling of his tongue on her skin, her hips involuntarily shifted towards him, making his erection and the fabric of his pants rub against her clit. She moaned louder.

Her fingers trembled slightly, though not from fear, as they found the button to his pants and slowly undid them. Her clit throbs for him as her legs spread wider. Nate's fingers travel slowly down her body, stopping to tug softly on one of her nipple rings before resting his fingertips at her sweet nub. She leans her head back as she moans in desire. Her fingers skillfully open and slide his pants past his hips and he finishes pulling them down with one hand while his other hand softly fingers her private lips. 

She can feel his member nearly spring free from its fabric cage and her fingers curl around the velvety tip. She can feel Nate moan her name against her neck as his fingers slowly began to dip in and out of her dripping cunt. Her hips buck as his fingers enter her. They slide easily in and out of her as she can feel her own juices getting smeared along his fingertips. His member throbs in her fingers as they encircle his tip. She sighs at the hardness and thickness of it, needing to feel it filling her. 

She moans out the word please, not knowing where the huskiness in her own voice is coming from. Nate looks into her eyes and she can see the need in him as well. He places his hands underneath her ass to lift her up slightly as he positions his hardening cock at the base of her opening. They look at each other in lingering moments before he thrusts himself fully into her. Her body jerks in pleasure as he fills her suddenly and he lets his member linger inside her before he begins his powerful thrusts. 

Leslie wraps her thighs around him and locks her legs at the ankles about his waist. His thrusts are pushed into her deeper as her legs keep his body close to hers. She can feel the spirals of pleasure crawling up her spine in deliberate pleasurable agony. Her body arches towards Nate with every move and their moans mingle together. She feels the first signs of his precum spreading through her walls and they clench and unclench around his member. Her orgasm begins to build in great lengths.

Her legs press him in closer to her as his thrusts become better in speed and pressure. She can feel her body heat rise and her thighs tremble as her pleasure is released. Her moans rise above Nate's groans and she can feel his cock twitch and begin to release inside of her, mixing pleasures. Her mouth finds his and they kiss, letting their tongues simulate the sex that they just shared. Her body tingles on every nerve in that gratifying way that cause your breath to catch.
