 How am I supposed to think straight when he's sitting right beside me looking hot as hell? I swear just the sight of him makes my panties wet and my IQ drop. Currently, he's driving with his left hand and rubbing the head of his cock with the right. Using his thumb, in circular motions, through his tight jeans and all I can think is that I really, really wish he'd let me do that for him. Hell, I'd settle for just looking at it, well, and maybe kissing it a little. 

My thoughts wander, and before long...

I walk into his office and he's sitting in a chair at the desk, with his pants around his ankles. His legs are spread and he's stroking his perfect cock.

He stops when he sees me, reaching for his khaki dress slacks and stuttering an excuse. 

"Save it," I tell him, winking as I close the door and step further into the room.

"You look like you could use some help," I observe, standing between his legs and slowly releasing the buttons of my white Oxford. Tossing the shirt to the floor, I reach under my dress, removing my panties, and squatting down in front of him. 

"Sshhh," I whisper, holding my index finger to my lips.

Leaning towards him, I kiss the tip of his cock, dipping my tongue into the slit, then, swirling around the head. His erection is massive and I have to work it in slowly as it stretches my mouth and jaws wide. He tastes sweet and salty at the same time and the combination is incredibly addicting, making me suck harder and faster, wanting more. I circle his hard length with my hand, and begin to stroke while I suck hard on the head of his cock. His legs start to shake and tighten around me, signaling that he's close so I increase my efforts. He moans low and deep, his back arching, pushing himself deeper into my mouth as he squirts down my throat...

...Uh oh! He's talking. Shit! I wasn't listening, I was too busy daydreaming. Just nod. That's right, nod and smile. Don't think about how good his pants would look on the bedroom floor. Well damn, here we go again...

I chose him from the male escort site because of his sexy smile, none of the others could hold a candle to him and he's even more handsome in person as I let him into my apartment. 

He makes small talk while he undresses but I'm completely entranced by the flesh he's slowly revealing. He probably thinks I'm mentally challenged because I can't decide whether to look at his eyes or his mouth and my eyes move rapidly between the two. 

"How do you want me? You choose," he announces, and thank goodness, I'm looking at his mouth.

Clearing my throat, I reply. "On your knees." 

I scoot to the edge of the bed, place a pillow behind my head and recline back, spreading my legs. 

He drops to the floor and wastes no time sinking his tongue into my folds. His skills are undoubted as he laps at my pussy masterfully, sinking his fingers in my opening, making my legs shake and my body tense, readying for release. My breath comes in pants, my moans of pleasure growing louder. His musky scent wafts up to me, having completely taken over my senses. 

I feel the earthquake and the stars explode into fireworks as he curls his fingers inside me and licks my clit...

"...I charge by the orgasm..."

"What?" I stammer. Yeah, that got my attention and raised the temperature a good ten degrees. 

"I said, I charged your phone..."

I should have known. What was I thinking? Oh right, can't think, unless it's about sex, with him. 

Mmmmmm sex with him... 

We had been watching each other all during the lecture. Finally, the sex education class is drawing to a close and I'm hoping for some hands-on instruction from the professor. The other students filter out of the auditorium and I pretend to be last, locking the door behind them. 

"What do you want?" He asks bluntly, watching me as he stands, leaning on the front of his desk with his arms crossed.

I stroll toward him, my fingertips grazing the crotch of his pants. 

"You," I answer confidently.

He grabs me by the arms and spins me around, bending me over the desk. 

"I may be more than you bargained for," he says in my ear.

"I hope so," I retort.

However, after my panties are pulled down and, I feel the length of his cock rubbing up and down my slit, I wonder if maybe he's right.

I suck in a deep breath as his giant erection enters me, stretching me open, to accommodate his size. The pain gives way to pleasure quickly and nothing is ever going to feel this good again so I push back against him, to make the most of it. I want to be reminded every time I sit down for the rest of the day, that he was inside me. 

"More...please," I beg, mindlessly and, being a gentleman, he slams into me harder, and I see stars...

"...We're almost there," he announces, in his honeyed voice, shaking me from the fantasy. 

Oh good! I can walk behind him and watch his strong, powerful back, broad shoulders, and sexy ass. 

I jump out of the car before he even has the keys out of the ignition and follow him to the house. It should be illegal to look that good but I'm really glad it's not.

How come my gynecologist doesn't look like him? That should totally be one of the job requirements. Of course, I would be there every day and people might think it's weird. "Doctor I've have a terrible ache between legs ever since I learned of your existence." Yeah, that might work. Wonder if I could get a standing 9:00 appointment every Monday through Friday? Ok, that might be too much. Monday through Thursday then, I can be flexible. 

Speaking of flexibility; the way his biceps flex when he lifts the groceries onto the kitchen table. 

"We'll put these away and get comfortable," he says with a wink.

See there? Smart, strong, and good looking...

...I wait in the designated office of my gynecologist, on my back with my feet in the stirrups. I'm pretty sure the nurse, who showed me into room four, knew that I was here for more than a check up. Frankly, I don't care what she knows or thinks, I just need Dr. Magic Hands to get in here.

Finally, he steps into the room, smirking when he sees me, lying naked. I didn't want him to get confused by me wearing a patient gown. I'm only here for one thing and I need it now. 

"I see you're here for your morning check up," he comments as he squeezes my breasts, smacking my large nipples with the palm of his hand, the slight sting increasing the wetness between my thighs.

Handsome, hypnotic, and powerful, he moves between my spread legs, his fingers dancing elegantly over my pebbled skin, my body rising up to meet his touch. 

Nearly maddened, my nerves stretched tight, I match his rhythm as he enters me roughly, a white, burning light searing the vision behind my closed eyes. 

The way he fills me takes my breath away, his large size stroking every, A through Z, spot inside of me. The man's middle initial should be G. 

Practically purring under him, ripples of pleasure course my veins until my passion overflows, my voice screaming in delight...

"Everything is put away," he says, breaking my concentration. 

Oh yeah, groceries. Forgot all about those.

"Ready to go upstairs?" He says, one eyebrow raised in question. 

Am I ready? Good grief I've been ready for an hour. Is it in yet? Forget upstairs, how about on the stairs? 

He's looking at me like I'm crazy. Oops! Must have said that out loud.