 I was bored. It was getting near the end of the year and it was a beautiful day outside. A day for going out with friends and having fun. And where was I? Stuck in a boring class in a boring school listening to a boring teacher drone on about the most boring subject on earth. It wasn't even as though we'd have exams on this stuff. They teach it, and I use the word teach advisably, because they have to.

My eyes wandered around the room and happen to alight on Charlie. Now he was a more interesting subject. Eighteen, same age as me, tall and handsome and incredibly popular. He was a star on the football team, all muscles and grace. He also had a girlfriend but I ignored her for right now.

I wondered what it would be like to have him make love to me. I could see it now. Him slowing undoing my blouse and removing it. My bra coming off and Charlie is touching my breasts, kissing them. I feel my nipples stiffening. Then he moves on. I'm wearing yoga pants, not a stupid school uniform. He rolls them down, leaving me standing there in bikini panties. He stands back, admiring me.

Still watching me he slowly strips. I'm holding my breath but gasp as his jocks drop away, revealing a huge erection. He's got that because of me. Now he's lowering my panties and holding me against him. I can feel his cock pressing against me while my breasts are crushed against his chest.

He picks me up and carries me to the bed, lowering me onto it. Nestling beside me he is touching me, stroking my breasts, my pussy, kissing me, tasting me. Then he's urging my legs apart. He's going to do it. He's really going to do it. I'm feeling hot down there. Too hot.

Change of scene. We're no longer in a bedroom. We're in a classroom, at the back of the classroom. I've got my silly school uniform on. He pushes me forward so I'm leaning over a desk. He lifts up my dress and takes hold of my panties. Down they go. I'm breathing hard. Everyone in the class is watching us. No. Strike that. It's as though we're invisible. No one in the class sees us.

I hear his zip come down. His hand is between my legs rubbing me. I can feel his erection pressed against my bottom. My god, he's going to take me in the classroom. What if someone turns around and looks at us. 

Smack. There's a loud bang in front of me and I jump, focusing on the here and now. Mr Janders had just slapped his hand down hard on my desk.

"Do I have your attention now?" he snarls at me.

"Ah, yessir, sorry, sir," I gasped. "I, um, I was thinking about an assignment I have to hand in tomorrow."

"Then why don't you stay back and tell me all about this assignment after class has finished," suggested Mr Janders, and I swore horribly. (But silently. I was irritated, not insane.)

All right, I'll pay attention, even if it is the most boring subject on earth. I did, too, pointedly not looking towards Charlie. Now I found my eyes on Bruno. I have no idea how he got that nickname. Wait, yes I do. Someone told me that he's so hairy that when he strips he looks like a bear. He's as big as one, too. He's also on the team but I'm not sure what he does. Probably just stands in the middle of the field and scares whoever they're playing against. I couldn't imagine him making love to me.

There again, I could imagine him as a rapist. I'm walking home through the park. It's late evening and it's getting dark. Then Bruno is standing in front of me. His hand grabs my arm and he starts dragging me behind the bushes.

"Don't even think of screaming," he tells me and his voice is deep and growling. Once behind the bushes he forces me to the ground. His hands are at my jeans, pulling open the catch and zip, peeling them off me. I'm horrified at the ease with which he takes them off. It takes me forever, they're so tight. He takes hold of my panties, small lacy panties, and just pulls them in either direction, ripping them in half. My t-shirt and bra come off with one savage jerk and I'm lying there, naked and helpless.

He doesn't bother to undress, just unzipping and taking out a humungous cock. I blink. Partly at the size of it and partly because there's fur on it. The man is truly an animal. He's smiling as a hand rubs over my breasts, making me terribly aware of them. I'm even more aware of my pussy, lying exposed to his eyes. I knew the use he was going to make of me. I'm trembling and want to scream but don't dare. He moves closer, his cock touching me.

And that's enough of that. I take a big breath and focus on Mr Janders, giving him a big smile when I see he's looking daggers at me. He'd thought he'd caught me day-dreaming again. 

I managed to get through the rest of the class without getting into trouble and when the final bell rung I was so relieved. All I had to do now was listen to one of Mr Janders's lectures and I'd be free. I just hope he didn't yap on for too long.

"Wait for me in my office," he snapped at me as I walked up to him, indicating the little office he had attached to this classroom. Then he turned his attention to the sycophants who pretended that they understood and enjoyed his lectures.

I waited, irritated and fretting, wanting to be out of there. Finally, finally, Mr Janders strolled in as though we had all the time in the world. He might not have a life outside of school, but I did.

"Valerie," he said nodding to me and sitting down. "I believe I've spoken to you before about daydreaming instead of paying attention."

I nodded and tuned out. It was going to be the same old, same old. As long as I nodded and made agreeing noises every so often I could ignore him and let the whole lecture wash over me.

I put an attentive look on my face and wondered what he'd be like as a lover. OK, he was probably twice my age but that meant experience, didn't it? Now that I thought about it he wasn't a bad looking man, quite handsome really. He had all his hair and a pleasant face, looked as though he was quite fit and, now that I thought about it, he was a very big man. He was probably as big as Bruno. I'd just never noticed before because he was a boring teacher and someone you ignored.

Now that I was thinking about it I wondered if he'd be all hairy the way Bruno was reputed to be. Probably not, I decided. Bruno always looked as though he needed a shave even if he'd just had a shave. You could see the fur line on Bruno's neck where the shaving stopped. 

Would Mr Janders be rough or romantic, I wondered. Probably neither, but smooth. How would he go about seducing me? He'd sit next to me while he was lecturing me, I decided. He wouldn't lecture so much as chat to me, eventually putting a hand on my knee. I could imagine him stroking my leg, his hand sliding slowly up until it was brushing against my panties. He'd start rubbing me through my panties. 

How would he get my panties off? He wouldn't. I could see it now, a hand slipping under the crotch of my panties, stroking me. I'm breathing hard, wanting to tell him to stop, wanting him to continue. His finger hooks the crotch of my panties, drawing them away from me and to the side. He releases them but they're now to the side of my pussy leaving me completely exposed. His hand is now on my pussy, rubbing it.

I suddenly realised that Mr Janders had stopped talking and was looking at me expectantly. I nodded, doing my yessir, yessir, three bags full bit.

"So you agree that that's a fair and reasonable suggestion?" he asked, apparently wanting to make sure.

"Yes, sir," I said quickly. Who cares what his suggestion was. All I had to do was stall anything he suggested for a few more weeks and I was so out of here. Goodbye school, hullo work. I already had a job lined up in my father's company.

"Well there's no time like the present," Mr Janders said, getting up and moving around to my side of the desk, indicating that I should stand.

"Ah, what, right now?" I asked inanely.

"Well, yes. Can you think of a better time and place?"

Not having the faintest idea of what I'd agreed to all I could do was shake my head, my brain racing trying to pick up on what he'd been saying. All I could remember was that I thought he'd make a smooth lover.

"Right, then," he said. "Let's get to it."

With that he sat on the chair I'd just vacated, took my arm, and jerked me across his lap.

"What the hell?" I squealed, even as I felt my uniform skirt being hitched up to my waist.

"Problem?" he asked. 

Problem? Was he kidding? Of course there was a problem.

"What are you doing?"

"I'm going to spank you, Valerie, for consistent rudeness and disrespect, just as you agreed to. You were listening and agreeing weren't you?"

No, I fucking wasn't. But I couldn't say that, could I?

"Well, yes, but. . ." My voice trailed off. What the hell could I say?

"So no problems," he said, and I could hear the smirk on his face. Bastard.

Double bastard I thought as I felt my panties going down.

"My panties," I squealed.

"Well, I did say the spanking would be on your bare bottom, remember," came the happy comment.

Oh my god. I was bent over a man's knee with my bottom showing. And that wouldn't be all that was on display. What the hell was I supposed to do? There's a big difference between daydreaming what would happen if a boy saw you naked and having your pussy flashing at someone for real. 

He wouldn't really spank me, I was telling myself. Teachers just don't do that sort of thing. He was just trying to throw a scare into me, although pulling my panties down was taking it a bit far. I was still telling myself when his hand came down hard upon my bottom.

I squealed and would have jumped off his lap but the miserable monster was holding me in place with a hand firmly pressed against my back.

"Stop squealing," he told me, "or I will have to spank even harder."

Harder? He couldn't, could he? Whatever, when the next spank landed I managed to keep my mouth shut. Why take a chance?

I couldn't help but give a horrified squeak when the third spank landed. The first one had been on one cheek and the second on the other but the third one landed between my cheeks. I'd never realised what long fingers Mr Janders had until I felt them curve around my bottom and slap against my mound. Did he apologise for touching me there? Did he hell. He just kept on happily spanking away.

You try and not make any noise when a great oaf is raining blows upon your bottom, mixing them up with occasional stinging slaps against your pussy. It didn't take long and I was apologising and promising to mend my ways and letting him know I had learned my lesson and he could stop spanking me. Please.

It seemed he was really determined that I did indeed learn a lesson and I thought he was never going to stop. I'll swear that my bottom must have been bright red when he finally finished. Come to think of it, my pussy was probably the same colour. It certainly felt flushed and swollen. I have never been so relieved as when he suddenly swung me onto my feet.

"OK," he said in an odd sounding voice. "I think that should do it. Sit down."

Sit down? Where? He was on the visitor's chair. I looked down at him and felt very queasy all of a sudden. He was sitting there smiling with his cock out and it was standing up. Very much standing up. Again I was finding a big difference between wondering about the damn things and seeing one standing tall right in front of me. Standing too damn tall for my peace of mind.

"Wh-what do you mean?" I stammered.

He calmly reached over and slid his arms around me, cupping my bottom and drawing me nearer. 

"Finish taking your panties off and sit down."

That seemed clear enough. He expected me to sit on that thing. I wouldn't do it. This wasn't a daydream. I'd never, ever, imagined myself sitting on a teacher's lap. I was truly appalled at the idea. I was even more appalled to find I'd shaken one foot loose from my panties and was standing closer to him, straddling his legs, even.

I was muttering, "No, no, no. I'm not going to do this," while at the same time I found myself easing down onto him. I almost screamed when I felt that first touch of his cock brushing against my lips.

It was slowly dawning on me that my pussy was pursed and ready for action. I could feel the heat and moisture in me and I just knew it had been caused by that damned spanking. He'd done it deliberately. 

I was looking at him and he was just smiling in a gentle fashion, subtly encouraging me. His hands were on my hips, adjusting my position slightly. Then his cock was pushing past my lips and into me. Um, since he was sitting down and not moving I guess I should say I was pushing down onto his cock and taking it into me, not the other way around. Semantics aside, it still meant I now had what felt like a humongous cock starting to come inside me.

I wanted to stop, to pull away and stand up. I must have been off balance or something because I couldn't rise. I just kept sinking down onto him. It was a case of me trying to say, but I'm a virgin, and then I wasn't. Oddly enough, although it hurt, I didn't even let out a peep when my virginity departed. I just kept sinking down, feeling this wonderful cock moving along my passage, stretching and filling me. 

And then I was sitting on his lap, feeling slightly stunned that his cock had slipped so easily into me. Feeling a lot more stunned at how it felt inside me. I'd never felt anything like that before. (Well, of course I hadn't. I had been a virgin. Still, it felt good.)

I was wondering what I was supposed to do now. I knew just sticking it in was only the start and I had a rough idea of what to do, but the difference between theory and practice can be huge. Mr Janders had no problems knowing what to do. He was calmly undoing my blouse.

"Ah, what are you doing?" I asked inanely. I mean, I could see what he was doing. Like I said, he was undoing my blouse. He didn't say anything, just opening my blouse and pushing it off my shoulders. When he reached behind me I finally caught on. Oh, yes, I thought, as my bra was unclipped. He wants to see my breasts.

Partly right. He didn't waste much time looking at them. His hands were all over them, and then he tilted me away from him, leaned down and rubbed his face on them. And that was something to experience. When he tilted me his cock slid inside me and I almost screamed from the shock of it as it rubbed against me and fanned the flames I hadn't known were burning. 

He seemed to want to suck and nibble on my nipples. Oh god. Nibbled nipples, I thought, and almost giggled. I don't think he would have appreciated that.

Then he straightened up and said one word. 

"Bounce."

"How?" I wondered, but did my best. Hands on his shoulders, I tried to bounce. It turned out that the attempt was all that was required. As soon as I tried to bounce he did the same and I found myself bouncing up and down on his lap in fine style. When I say lap I guess I should say cock, as that was what I was bouncing on. I was sliding up and down it like a pole dancer on a busy day and the things it was doing to me.

I will admit I'd been a bit reluctant to do this but now that I was doing it I could feel a certain enthusiasm developing. The feelings being raised inside me were addictive, to say the least. I wanted more of them and I found the harder I bounced the better it felt. 

I was gasping and experimenting, trying to wiggle a bit as I bounced to see if that had any effect on me. I wasn't too sure but from the look on Mr Janders face it certainly had an effect on him. I only got to try it a couple of times. After I did that little wiggle a second time things changed.

"Fuck this!" Mr Janders said rather explosively and rose to his feet. 

Seeing I was perched on his cock I went up with him. Frantic to stop myself falling, my legs went up and closed around his waist, but I needn't have worried. He took a single step towards his desk and then my back was on it and I didn't have to worry about bouncing anymore. 

He was driving into me and he was going a lot harder and faster than I had managed. He quickly reduced me to a mindless idiot. I was going, "Uh, uh, uh," as his groin pummelled me, driving his cock deep. I was sort of twitching my hips, trying to keep up with him, but I don't think he was worrying about that. He just suddenly seemed desperate to take me.

Strange sensations were washing through me and now that the pace had picked up they seemed a lot more intense. And they had an accumulative effect, each thrust seeming to be adding to the overall feeling. I totally lost it, awash in a world of feeling that kept getting more, more, more something.

Then I found out what a deep, cock-initiated, climax was like, and if I thought I'd lost it before my body was correcting me. The world just seemed to explode inside me and I could feel Mr Janders gushing into me, adding gas to the flame.

I left shortly afterwards, his words of warning to pay more attention in class going with me. As far as I was concerned I'd better get the highest possible marks for his boring class or I'd be having a word or two to say to him.

Still, on the plus side, I now had a bit of experience on which to build my daydreams. Take Charlie for instance - maybe I could picture him lying down naked while I bounced on him. I'm sure I could come up with some interesting scenarios.

Still that was for another time. I went home and changed into something worth wearing and headed off down to the mall to meet up with some friends.

"Hey, Valerie," one of my friends called out. "What did old Janders want with you?"

He hadn't felt that old, let me tell you.

"Oh, same old," I said airily. "If you daydream your life away you'll never get anywhere. Pay attention in class. Yada, yada, yada."

"With you nodding and saying, yes sir, yes sir, three bags full?" came the giggled retort.

"That's me. I just went along with everything he said." Boy, had I ever.

That was the end of the subject and we went window shopping. OK, so we might have actually gone into some shops and tried on a few things, but we were all short of cash so we didn't actually buy anything. Time passed and it was time to go home.

I was strolling through the park as it's the shortest way for me to go home. I've done it hundreds of times and didn't think twice about doing it one more time, even though it was getting dark quite rapidly. 

As you can imagine I got quite a turn when Bruno appeared on the path in front of me. It was as though he'd dropped down from the sky. More prosaically, he'd been crossing the park in a different direction and our paths had crossed at that point. That didn't stop me giving a little scream and feeling a flash of panic.

"Valerie," Bruno exclaimed. "What's wrong? You look nervous. Is someone following you?"

To my surprise Bruno squared his shoulders and was looking past me with a hostile look, ready to do battle. 

"No, no. It's all right, Bruno. There's no-one there. You just gave me a shock. You seemed to appear out of nowhere."

"Ah, fair enough. What are you doing wandering through the park at this time of the night, anyway. Don't you know a girl needs to be aware of her safety? You can get some unsavoury types handing around the park at times."

So who appointed you as my father? I didn't actually say that but it was none of his business if I was walking through the park unescorted.

"Oh, you mean unsavoury types like you?" I asked innocently.

"Touche," he said with a grin. "Actually I was thinking more of someone like Charlie?"

"Charlie? Unsavoury? You have got to be kidding me."

"Not really. I like Charlie but he is a bit careless when it comes to understanding the difference between yes and no. In certain situations it had been suggested that he assumes yes and doesn't hear no. In think I'd better walk you home."
