 The rain pounds against the roof, as it has for two days, nonstop. Damp cold seeping through the house to settle like a dark blanket over my mood. Curled in the window seat, I snuggle deeper into your sweater. The mug cradled in my hands lends its fragrant steam to the moment. Jasmine tea and the warm scent of your skin surrounds me as I watch the rain drops gather together and stream down the windowpane. 

Closing my eyes I can almost feel the rise and fall of your chest against my back, the familiar comfort of being held in your arms. Slowly the gray scene outside fades and my lips curve into a soft smile as I slip into a daydream of you. 

I can smell the tang of the ocean and feel the wind caress my face. The water is lovely and cool after the heat of the day, calm with soft crests that lap upon the shore, creeping closer and closer to our bare toes. Its the quiet time of evening, the rising moon cuts a silver path across the dark velvet surface of the water. I can feel your breath against my ear as you pull me close against your chest, arms encircling me to ward off the light chill in the air. The soft pounding of your heart against my back keeping time with the rhythm of the water as it beats against the sand. 

I feel my body react to your nearness, my pulse throbbing to the tips of my breasts as your arms brush against them causing my nipples to grow taut beneath the soft, white cotton t-shirt. You cross your arms around me, and I feel your thumbs brush the underside of my breasts on either side of my body. Working slowly toward the tips to tease my aching nipples with slow circles. Laying my head back against your shoulder I smile trying to concentrate on the water, but its no use. The slightest touch of your hands causes my blood to race beneath my skin, heat licking up over my chest to settle in the base of my spine. 

I can hear your soft laughter against my ear as you murmur your affection for the way my body responds for you, and I feel the burn of a soft blush settle in my cheeks. You lean back taking my weight against your chest, one hand moving down between my breasts and over the flat of my stomach to slide your fingers beneath the waistband of my jeans. The other snakes beneath my shirt to cup the weight of my breast against your palm, fingers toying with my nipple till the soft gasp you love so much escapes my lips. 

Your mouth moves against my ear as you tell me what you're going to do. Every desire of your body, every move of your hand between my legs as it brushes the soft thatch of hair, teasing down over my mound. My breaths grow uneven as I reach down and draw the buttons of my jeans open to encourage the freedom of your hand against sensitive flesh. Knees trembling, I spread my legs and surrender to your caresses. 

The wind picks up teasing golden strands of hair across my heated face as your fingers move against the slick, swollen folds of my sex, easing past to move inside. My muscles clench tightly around them as your thumb plays wicked havoc against my clit. Writhing back against your chest I moan softly, lower lip caught between my teeth. My hips rock forward against your hand, burying your fingers deeper within. Your mouth is warm against my neck, teeth grazing my skin as your other hand kneads my breast, drawing against my nipple as your roll it between thumb and forefinger. 

Caught fast in your embrace all I can do is move my hands down along your arms to join yours in their exploration. Unable to pleasure you in return I am at your whim, lost to the sensations provided by your probing fingers and talented mouth that makes its way along the back of my neck beneath my hair, sending chills coursing over the surface of my skin. Your voice is barely heard over the din of the oceans swelling crests, words of encouragement as I feel the pleasure building, burning in my belly. Coiled in the small of my back. My body arches against the exquisite need that threatens to burst within my chest, hips writhing to meet thrust of your fingers as you grind the heel of your hand against my throbbing clit. Each movement orchestrated to propel me toward the edge of the abyss. 

Your mouth finds my ear and I hear your voice speak my name. The tone is demanding as you tell me to come for you. Shaking I tense up, trying to resist the desire, the fall too far, the edge too close. My lungs burn with the need to cry out, head tossing against your shoulder as I draw ragged breaths. You speak more firmly and I have no choice but to obey. Lost as the dam bursts and I'm swept away by the flood of pleasure that racks my body, leaving me exhausted, convulsing tightly around your fingers. I feel the warmth of my orgasm cupped against my mound, cradled in your palm. 

The peel of the phone shatters the delicate walls of my dream. They fall away like glass as my eyes open to the same gray morning and streaks of summer rain against my window. Lifting my fingers I suckle my own essence from them as I turn to pursue the bothersome reality that intrudes upon my thoughts of you...though I cannot help but smile, as the warmth of your hands seems to linger on my skin.