 Daydreamer

Sitting on the sea

Soaking up the sun

Chapter 1

She remembered the first time she saw him; he was accommodating and polite to her. She wasn't looking for anything since this was her first outing since the loss of her husband. Her job had her traveling, and he ended up being her driver for many of the trips she took around town. The first few times she was around him she kept to herself, barely even talked. As she saw him more and more, she became comfortable with him and made small talk, but something happened late one night when he asked her to have a drink with him.

She wasn't sure if it was the drink or two she'd had or that maybe things he said touched her soul, but she said too much to him that night and didn't know how he would take it. He was intrigued by her and baited her, seeing what she would say. Everything changed that night. She had never felt this way about anyone since her loss. He moved her in ways she couldn't explain. He was under her skin, and she enjoyed it. Things were different, this wasn't an intense sexual attraction, although there was one, it wasn't the only force driving her. He touched her heart, soul, and mind. She began to crave him, his presence; just the thought of him drove her crazy.

He wasn't like all the other men that just wanted her for sex. He wanted her for her, and he saw the inner beauty that she held. They had a connection. She was not sure how he felt or what he was thinking, he was a hard one to read, but he always said the right things to her at the right moment. He made an effort to see her even when it was hard for them to find the time because of their busy lives. They found comfort in each other, knowing that there was one person out there thinking and caring about them.

The day finally came where they could spend some alone time together, just the two of them. Where they could leave all their cares at the door and make it just about them. She gave him a huge hug, holding him tight. It had been a while since she had seen him and just wanted to keep him. She inhaled his scent and felt the intoxicating effect he had on her. They sat down on the couch, holding hands; she loved the feel of their fingers intertwined. His brown eyes melted her into putty. She didn't even care what happens tonight, she is with him, and that's all that matters.

He told her all about his travels, and she could hear the excitement in his voice as he shared. She ran her free hand along the side of his face, caressing his beautiful skin. She moved closer to him. Her hand moved down along his jaw, pausing for a moment, trying to read his eyes, she moved in closer and kissed him. The feel of his soft lips on hers is fantastic. It was a gentle kiss; he didn't pull away. She felt his arm moving around her, holding her as he returned the kiss. They pulled away from each other and looked into each other's eyes. Neither one spoke for what seems like minutes.

She finally says, "I'm sorry, I shouldn't have done that." and looked down.

He gently touched her chin and pulled her face up and told her, "I've wanted to do the same thing for a very long time."

He took her hand and led her to the bedroom. She found that he had done some planning already, and she softly smiled to herself, thinking he was amazing. The room was softly lit, and he had a bouquet of carnations by the bed. Her heart melted; he remembered that she loved carnations. Her heart raced; she has never been so excited and nervous at the same time. He came up behind her, brushed her hair aside, and kissed her neck. She felt electricity run down her spine. He continued kissing her moving to her shoulder. He reached around her and started unbuttoning her blouse as he still kissed her skin.

Her shirt drifted to the floor, and he turned her around and kissed her. This kiss was more passionate, she felt his soft lips, and her lips started to part as she felt his tongue dancing with hers. Her knees went weak, she wrapped her arm around him, felt the heat of him. Her hands pulled his shirt up and over his head. She admired his godlike chest. She moved to the bed and lay down, taking him with her. They lie there, staring at each other not wanting the night to end. She rubbed her hand over his chest, leaning down, kissed his neck, and continued kissing him all over. She lay her head down on his chest and listened to his heartbeat. She felt his fingers in her hair, and at that very moment, everything was right in the world.

She opens her eyes and realized they had fallen asleep; he looked so peaceful sleeping there next to her. She watched him thinking about how someone can be so amazingly beautiful and be in her bed. She moved ever so slightly not wanting to wake him for she had a plan for that. She moved to the edge of the bed and stood up and removed her skirt; her eyes watched him sleep. She thought to herself, how did I get so lucky to have a man like this in my life. She stopped for a moment, wondering if she should continue. Would moving forward ruin what they had between them? Would he be disappointed in her?

She almost grabbed her stuff to leave when she saws him stir. She couldn't go now after everything that had happened wasn't this what she wished would happen? He rolled onto his back, still asleep. She crawled back onto the bed, crawling over him. She straddled him and started to kiss his neck lightly. A kiss here, then one over there, leaving a trail of kisses as she moved her way down his body. She felt his chest rise and fall with each breath he took. She's on his chest, kissing and lightly licking his skin. She felt him stir a bit. She kept on kissing his chest, and her tongue touched his left nipple.

His hands moved, reaching for her. She stopped him; their fingers interlocked. She held it down on the bed; his other hand found her hair as she made her move farther down his chest. She felt his heart beat faster, there's heat rising from his body, and she knows that he's hers for the moment. Her free hand moved to the top of his pants, unbuttoned them. She then found the zipper and started to pull it down. His hand tightens around hers. She is almost there; kissing his belly button as she inhaled his scent. Her head was spinning as she loosened her fingers and let his hand go. She slides further down the bed, still licking his skin. She has found what she's looking for and without using her hands, licked the head of his hard cock. Her tongue was running around it. She heard a faint moan escape his lips. She begins to take his cock in her mouth, sliding her tongue down as her lips sealed around it. She moved her mouth up and down his hard cock, licking and sucking. She takes him all the way in her mouth, feeling his hair tickle her nose. She can tell by how his body is reacting that he's enjoying himself very much.

She brought her lips up to the rim of his head and ran her tongue around it. Licking and playing with it, his hips moved. She knows that he wants more. She teased him a bit more with her tongue; he moaned out more. She wondered if she should tease him more or give him what he wants, her hand found his balls and gently played with them and she felt him shiver. She knows he's close. She took him all in, feeling him in her throat, he moaned out louder. She continued sucking and licking him. She felt his hand on her shoulder. She looked up at him and saw that he was off in a pleasure-filled world. He squeezed her, and she knows what's going to happen next. She felt his cock getting super hard as he released his cum into her mouth. His body shook as she finished licking and sucking all the cum out of him.

He grabbed her and pulled her down on the bed as he switched places with her. She was surprised to see that his cock was still hard. Their eyes locked, and she saw the hunger in his eyes. He's between her legs, his cock teasing her. Her heart is pounding, and she wants him so badly. The tip of his cock rubbed against her clit; she moaned out. She reached for him; he stopped her hands and held them over her head as his cock slid in her. She moaned out. This was no ordinary sex; they made love in their own way. They finished and fell asleep in each other's arms.

She woke and found herself on the couch. She rubbed her eyes and looked around. Where was she? She realized she's in her apartment and that all of it was only a dream. A genuine desire that she wished would come true, but deep down inside, she knew it would never happen. She put her head back down on the couch with a tear running down her cheek.