 A message from Mityam: Over the course of our relationship we have shared some of our most secret fantasies. This installment was written as a result of my wonderful partner's secret desires. It is by far and away one of the most arousing pieces that we have written. Please enjoy it as much as we have. "Mityam"

Daydreams 8: My fantasy presented

*Tim

As my mind returns to the present, wrapped in your wonderful arms, my lips locked on yours and our tongues languishing, I can't help but wonder what this day will bring.

Our tongues teasing, touching as my fingers start to unbutton your blouse. Slowly I work the buttons free until the garment is loose and I pull it off your shoulders. Dropping the blouse to the floor my hands gently move to your lacy bra. Gently I start to massage your full soft breasts, the nipples hardening, as I knew they would. My fingers tenderly pinching them thru the cloth as your breath starts to quicken. Reaching under you, I easily unhook the clips to the bra and pull it free. Your breasts spill from their confinement, the nipples are so hard as my hands cup the magnificent globes. My mouth still softly kisses yours, as my hands move down your stomach to unzip your black business skirt. Once the zipper is down, I slide down the bed and pull it off your legs. Your black pantyhose cover your soft firm legs. The sight of a slim red line of hair pointing to heaven under the hose makes my mouth water. My hands slowly grasp the waistband and pull the hose over your hips, past your knees and finally off your feet. Looking up I smile as your naked body contrasts the red satin sheets, the freckles blending with the soft smooth material. Sliding up along side of you, my hardness rubbing against your soft smooth body, my excitement growing. Moving along your face my lips press against yours again. 

"Rita...I want you to relax!" I whisper. Reaching under the pillow I remove a black satin blindfold. Wrapping it around your eyes. "Can you see?"

"No...it's completely dark." You reply.

"Ok, two rules...you must obey or we stop!" I whisper again, "First; do not remove the blindfold. Second; you may not speak. The only sounds you are allowed to make are the moans and screams of pleasure I plan to extract from your beautiful body!"

"Yes lover, whatever you say." You say, a smile crossing your face.

My mouth moves quickly to your full breasts, my wet lips caressing the soft smooth skin, my hot tongue flicks out to tease your erect nipple. My lips slowly suck the hard nub into the wet warm cavern. Sucking gently on the nipple, my other hand gently kneading your other breast. Moving from nipple to nipple, my lips pulling the hard button, lifting the breast. My teeth gently biting the morsel, teasing...your breath quickens, your body reacts to the oral stimulation. My bare stomach pressing against your mound, holding your hips and lower body in place. The satin sheets making the job hard as you slide around with every movement. Pushing your breasts together, my lips suck both hard nipples into the wetness. My tongue teasing the ends, my lips sucking softly as you quietly start to moan. My teeth bite gently into the hard fleshy tips, you tense...your back arches to meet my mouth; your moans become more audible.

Releasing the nipples my tongue slowly licks its way down your stomach. Your hands grasping my gray course hair, pushing my head urgently toward your now very wet quivering womanhood. Your mind races ahead of my tongue...longing to feel its warm wet flesh against you, in that place we have explored before. Your moaning is one of anticipation and excitement; you are not content with my teasing. You want to feel me take you to that blissful place where reality and fantasy melt together. You want the release you know my tongue will bring; you push harder, the slickness of the satin sheets helps to send my body lower. You can feel my hardness as it pushes along the inside of your leg, my tongue dragging lower until you feel it pass over your already exposed clit. You shudder as I flick the little hard button several times sending bolts of pure pleasure coursing through your body. Reaching over I pull a pillow up.

"Lift your hips lover!" I ask quietly.

You respond, your hips lifting off the bed as I slide the pillow under your ass. Your now elevated pussy is exposed, ready for me to enjoy. Settling down my mouth immediately covers your sweet pussy, pubic hair tickling my lips as I suck the entire area. My tongue tip gently licks along your wet crease, teasing your hole, flicking against the hard clit. You can feel the gently tongue lashing you are receiving. Your excitement grows; your body begins to thrash from side to side as that immense pleasure starts to build. My hands reach up and open your lips wide. My wet tongue lashes out, pressing against your wetness...pushing against the opening. Submerged in total darkness, the smoothness of the satin sheets caressing your skin, you concentrate on the slowly growing orgasm. Your hands pulling my soft mouth and wet tongue hard into your pussy. So involved in the pleasure of the moment you fail to notice movement on the bed. 

Suddenly, you feel a soft wet pair of lips seize one of those hard aching nipples. The slow sucking surprises you, and then the feel of soft whiskers against the bottom of your breast mystifies you. Your mind is thrown into total overload. You lift your head, thinking about pulling the blindfold off.

"What the...?" You shriek. 

"Shhh...Rita, you know the rules. Just lay back and enjoy this!" I gently whisper from my prone position. My chin moving up and down against your clit to make sure you don't let this new development stem the growing rise of arousal. My mouth slides back into place, my fingers holding you open so my tongue can continue to lick slowly. 

Now your mind begins to take in the new sensations. The soft lips and whiskers on your breasts and nipples bring new waves of pleasure into your body. Never have you felt this much pleasure and you slump back into the bed to absorb the feelings. Your curiosity about this new addition is overwhelming; you pull your hand off my head and feel a strong smooth arm. Tracing upward, your fingers translate the feeling of the smooth muscular arm into a visual image. The skin is so smooth, devoid of any apparent hair as your fingers travel upward over the smooth firm forearm and onto the stranger's neck. He smiles as he feels your soft touch; your excitement grows in rapid steps as his lips suck those wonderful nipples. His teeth gently bites, his tongue twirls around the aureole, teases the small bumps. Your breath quickens, your hands gently trace the smooth face of the unseen stranger. His hair is cut short, his face smooth except for the soft goatee framing his mouth and chin. Those whiskers rubbing against your breasts add to the growing desire. 

My mouth gently licks at your swollen pussy, teasing the crease, softly sliding up and down the slit. The tip pushes slowly every time it feels your wet opening. Your body quivers as the sensations increase. Moving your hand slowly down his smooth chest, your fingers caressing the small hard nipples. You find no hair along the way; his stomach is so smooth, a slight ripple of muscle as you search lower and lower. My mouth sucks now on your hard clit, biting it softly; teasing...my tongue licks the hood as you feel the rush of pleasure. Your first orgasm is only moments away; you arch your hips pleading for me to push you over the edge. Your hand travels lower seeking the stranger's hardness...your fingers brush down his abdomen, you discover only smooth hot skin...you smile...he is shaven. Suddenly your delicate hand finds the base of his huge cock...you shutter as your hand grips the base...you are unable to get your hand completely around it. Sliding your hand slowly upward, the hot hard prick is smooth and there seems to be no end to it. Finally your hand finds the large head...you suck in your breath...you figure the beast to be at least 10" long and over 3" in diameter. 

"Oh God!" You silently whisper as you visualize the instrument of forbidden pleasure. Your hand slides up and down the rigid shaft. Your body starts to tremble as the orgasm starts to wash over you slowly. My tongue licks, probes, as the stranger's teeth clench your nipple, bites gently and pulls it up and away from your body. Your legs clamp my head tight, gripping it as your entire body goes rigid. 

"Ohhhhhhhhhh Goddddddddddd!!!" You whimper as the orgasm slams thru your body. Your hand tightens around the large smooth cock in your hand sending shivers racing thru the stranger. Your body slowly starts to relax as your grip on my head and the smooth prick eases. The unseen stranger breaths a slight sigh of relief as he pulls quietly away from you.

Lifting my head, my hands gently grasp your ankles. Silently motioning to the stranger, he slides above your head. You are lying there, beautifully naked, basking in the afterglow of the emotional and physical release. Slowly I pull your legs into the air and up toward you head, you have a startled look on your face as the stranger tenderly grasps your feet and holds your legs open for me. His hard massive cock lies down across your nose, the head just above your full red lips. Moving up onto the bed, kneeling between your outspread legs I slowly tease your still wet and hot pussy with the head of my somewhat smaller but equally as hard cock. Sliding it up and down the steamy slit I quickly find your moist opening and press the head into it. You are so wet, so hot as I press steadily until I am completely buried in your hot tight pussy. Your muscles automatically squeezing as I begin a long slow series of pulling and pushing. 

Your body immediately reacts to my cock, you breath quickens, and your arousal ignites once again as I slowly begin to fuck you. Reaching up, your hand finds the middle of the smooth hard prick in your face; pulling it softly your tongue flicks out and teases the head. Your mouth opens as you pull the massive member into your hot willing mouth. First just the head, you lips sealed around it as you start to slowly suck. Your tongue running over the small slit in the end. In this position you are unable to pull any more into your wanton mouth. My cock is slowly filling your pussy, sliding easily in and out of the hot wet opening. The stranger sensing your growing frustration releases your feet and slides down along side you. Grasping his prick he guides it past your lips and into your waiting mouth. You slowly inhale as much of him as you can...you gag when he tries to push it past your throat and withdraws slightly. You grasp the cock and slowly feed it into your mouth, relaxing you manage to get it partially down your throat. Your tongue licks along the length...the veins under the tip of your tongue. The stranger throws his head back. "Ohhhhhhhh" He moans loudly as your mouth sucks and teases him as he starts to slowly withdraw and then push the rigid throbbing cock in and out of your mouth.

You have dreamt of this...a hard cock fucking your hot pussy...another fucking your wanton mouth but never in your wildest dreams did you envision it being this good. Your mind can distinctly record the feeling of both men, the stretching of your pussy, the desire to suck the entire length into your throat. Sucking feverously, you desire to please both men, your pussy squeezing my pounding cock. All the years of pent-up frustration, years of being the good girl as you were taught are dissolved away. Tonight, if just for one night you are one, very hot, horny SLUT. You don't care, all you want is to have these two hard rods pleasure you, fill every hole, make you scream with pleasure. Tomorrow you can go back to being the good woman everyone knows you are, but for now all you want is to be fucked and fucked and fucked. Fucked until you can't stand it anymore.

My thumb reaches down and starts to massage your clit. Still sensitive from the recent orgasm, your body bucks as a fresh round of emotions swell deep inside you. I know you will not last long as I pick up the pace. My cock speeding up, pushing and pulling faster and deeper, my thumb pressing against your hard sensitive clit. The stranger sees you are close...he begins to fuck your mouth faster...you body trembles...the orgasm floods out...spilling out around my cock...leaking down across your naked ass. Pulling out I let you fall to the bed...my hands lightly caressing your body. The stranger slowly withdraws himself from you...you attempt to stop him...grabbing the massive member and holding it in place.

"Rita...let go!" I instruct you, you comply. The stranger gets off the bed and moves to the end. Gently I roll you over onto your stomach, the stranger slides behind you; he grabs your hips and pulls you onto your knees. You allow him to do what he wants and he spreads your legs and quickly plunges all 10" massive inches into your sopping wet cunt. He fills you like you have never been filled, your pussy stretched wider than ever before, the intruder pressed hard against the walls, the head imbedded into your cervix. 

"Ahhhhhhhhhh fuck!" You scream as another rush of sexual arousal fills your body. There is no gentle fucking this time, the stranger starts to immediately fuck you with a passion and fervor you have never experienced. His massive cock plundering your tight pussy, his hand reaches under you and squeezes your full breasts. Your hand reaches out to find my thigh, moving along the smooth skin you find my still rigid prick. The stranger is hammering your tight pussy with the long fat smooth cock. Your eyes are closed...your arousal growing as he stretches your cunt, opening it like never before, the hot cock slick with your juices sliding in and out of your pussy. Your ass high in the air, your face in the pillow as your arousal climbs.

Silently I lay on my back, the satin sheets making my sliding easy as I work my way under your bent body. My hot tongue licking at the soft skin, my body moving under yours, my legs slide around your arms. Adjusting my body, my cock slides against lips, and your mouth opens and I push my cum-covered cock into that wonderful place it has been so many times before. I will never get enough of the feeling of your tender wet mouth sucking me. You can taste your own juices on the rigid member; you suck like a woman possessed. You have lost all inhibitions; pure lust rules your being. You have become the slut you wanted as you suck me, your tongue playing along the sides. Your pussy is stretched by the smooth cock pumping unmercifully in and out, your mouth sucking like it was the last time you would ever taste the forbidden pleasure. My hips move to meet your mouth; again you are being fucked like you dreamt. 

Reaching up my tongue flicks out and lashes against your exposed clit. Your body quivers as a new sensation ripples through your body. The massive cock slips in and out of your hot wet pussy. My tongue slowly licks along the edges of your pussy, licking, tasting you as my tongue slides down and licks at the edges of the stretched hole. The smooth cock slides under my tongue as I lick along your pussy, teasing you. 

You are captured by the feelings surrounding your hot wanton pussy. You are acutely aware of exactly where my tongue is. Your mind is working overtime trying to figure out where my tongue is when you can't feel it. "Is it possible? Is he? Where is his tongue right now?" You think silently as your body moves to the forbidden pleasure you are experiencing. You mouth sucking my hard cock as my tongue licks against your clit. It moves down and runs between the hammering prick and your soaked pussy.

"Is it all you hoped for Rita?" I whisper to you as I drop my head down a little and look at you.

"Mmmmmmm!" Is all I hear, your mouth full as you mutter your answer. You can feel yet another orgasm racing toward your pussy. You are now concerned how many of these emotional explosions you can endure...but you are more than willing to find out.

You suddenly release my cock from your mouth. "Ahhhhhhhhhhhhhhh Fuck me...fuck me harder...Come on you mother fucker...Harder...Faster!!!!!" you cry out as the latest orgasm washes over you. Your pussy clamps hard on the stranger's cock, your pussy is so wet as my tongue laps at the opening. As the orgasm slowly recedes, you suck my still very hard cock back into your mouth. Sucking with renewed vigor you become aware that the stranger is shifting positions. Disappointed, you feel the large intruder slide out of your steamy hot cunt...your mouth slides off my still aching cock as you wonder what is going on. 

Suddenly, the stranger is running his smooth hand up and down your smooth ass. His fingers tease you, gently caressing the anal opening. You shutter at this teasing, you feel what you think is cool gel sliding down your ass. His finger coated in the lubricant presses into your anal opening slowly. Your body tenses, the finger slowly slides deeper as yet another round of excitement grows in you. Soon the unseen stranger is finger fucking your ass, and then a second finger is added...you ass stretches as you sense me lying down on the bed next to you. My hands reach out and gently caress your hanging breasts...my fingers squeezing the nipples...pinching them, rolling them. You moan slightly as the fingers pleasure your ass. Their size filling your ass, stretching the opening, fuels the continuous arousal you have been consumed by for the last hour or more. 

The fingers are slowly removed and the stranger grabs you around the waist and lifts you off the bed. Turning you around he sits you on top of me. You are confused...you can feel my hard cock rubbing against your pussy...you wonder what is going to happen next, hoping for new pleasures...my hands grasp your waist and lift you slightly. The stranger holds you up as I grasp my hard cock and slide it back and forth along your ass. Finding the opening I push the head into your tight lubricated ass...the head squeezes past the entrance and slowly fills your tight ass. Pulling you down onto my rock hard prick until I can feel your ass on my stomach. You ass is so tight, the muscles squeezing me, reaching up my hands cup your breasts again as I pull you down against me. Your back resting against my chest, my mouth sucking on your earlobe. My tongue softly licks the inside of your ear.

"Ahhhhhhhhhh!!!!" You cry out as my hard prick settles deep in your tight ass. The feeling is surreal as I slowly pull you down tighter against my body. My hips arch and my throbbing member pushes deeper. You shudder as you feel the warm tongue of the stranger pushing up thru your wet hot slit. His tongue slides along the opening...licking and lapping all the way to your hard clit. His mouth sucks the hard little clit, his tongue licks at the hood. Your body responds again, you wonder just how much more of this you can tolerate. Your breathing accelerates as he licks rapidly up and down your pussy, sticking his tongue into your pussy.

"Ohhhhhhh Goddddddddddd!" You cry out as I start to slowly work my cock in and out of your wonderfully tight ass. The lubrication is cool and slick as my throbbing cock slides deep into your ass and then slides out to the tip. You love the full feeling of my hard cock slowly fucking your tight ass. The stranger's tongue licks your hot pussy as his fingers roll your clit around and around. Then the hot tongue is gone, emptiness comes over you...Is the stranger leaving...you silently wonder.

Just as you think he is gone...that massive head of his cock starts to slide up along your wet slit. Pressing the head against your clit...sliding it back down the hot pussy...he teases you for a moment and then that huge prick is slowly pushing into your tight pussy. Your eyes widen...you have only fantasized about this possibility...two men...two hard cocks fucking your ass and cunt at the same time. The stranger pushes slowly, driving his cock deep inside your pussy. I can feel his cock against the membrane that separates us. He is so hard as he starts to slowly fuck you. I start to time my movements to him...when he is deep in your pussy...I am at the top of your ass...so as he pulls I push. His hands reach out and massage your tits...pinching your nipples...fueling your arousal.
