 He awoke to the sound of the shower. He looked over and noticed she was not in bed with him. He looked at the clock. It was after 7PM. Wow. He had been totally out. He could not remember being that relaxed. 

He lay there for a moment just taking in the day’s events. He couldn’t avoid a smile coming to his lips or a twinge in his groin as he shook his head.

She awoke first. It was almost dark the last rays of sunshine were creating a wonderful sunset when she looked out the window. She looked back to him. He looked so peaceful, so handsome lying there. She felt warm and tingly, but very hungry. She had slept but all this sex had worked up her appetite. 

She went to the shower and turned on the water while she laid out her dress for evening. He had mentioned earlier that he had made reservations for a late dinner at a local restaurant that would offer them great food, good wine, and a very private booth. She knew what this meant and brought just the right dress for the occasion. 

She had selected a dark black dress with a red floral pattern with a sheer back that clung to her shapely body and would not allow for anything underneath. It would be easy for her to slowly pull up the hem once they were seated to allow him access to her most private parts. She had also brought heels to match. She held up the dress in front of her now and thought it would be perfect especially with the glow of her new all over tan. She felt a small tingle between her legs just thinking about it. They had originally played out this little fantasy game for him once before but she found once she started that she enjoyed it as much as he did. 

She put the dress back on the hanger and turned to look ather self in the mirror. She ran her hands over her breasts and down her sides closing her eyes and remembering what they had done to and with each other today and she smiled as a chill ran through her. She stepped into the shower. The water felt refreshing and soothing on her body. She looked up and smiled when she heard him slide the shower door open.

“Join me?” she asked.

He looked her body over smiled and said, “ I think I better wait this one out so I have something left for later.”

She laughed and said, “ What’s the matter? Had to much of a good thing?” Not wanting to admit her own tenderness between her legs.

He replied, “ Oh no, never. I just want to be ready later when you’re really going to want it” Holding his cock and balls in his hand for her amusement.

“Oh? You sound pretty sure of yourself.” She shot back.

With that he reached in and took her in his arms and kissed her deeply, passionately while pinching her nipple in one hand and ever so gently teasing her pussy with the other. 

Then as quickly as he had started he stopped leaving her gasping her eyes fluttering and mouth open. 

He said to her as he turned, “ Finish showering so I can get in there before all the hot water is gone!” 

He turned so she couldn’t see the look of satisfaction on his face. It was that knowing smile that came over him when he knew that he had gotten to her.

She just stood there for a second. Wow. Damn him. All he had to do was kiss her like that touch her that certain way and she was off and running. She felt overwhelmed for a second. 

He had her turned on, he knew it, and there was nothing she could do about it. At least not right this minute. But she really didn’t care. She loved it!

She shot back at him smiling, “ Bastard!” And giggled as she closed the shower door and resumed washing. 

She finished showering and left the water on for him. While he showered she began doing her hair and makeup. As she did she could see him through the glass shower door as he washed him self. She was a little jealous as he washed between his legs as she thought about doing it for him. 

She had finished drying her hair by the time he had finished showering and was finishing applying her makeup standing in just her heels about to put on her dress and leaning into the mirror. This made it easier to see what she was doing and had the added benefit of teasing him by showing him her flexed legs and ass while her tits swayed and hung forward towards the mirror. This, she thought as she did her eye makeup, would be a small victory in their battle of the teases. 

He turned off the water and dried him self with a towel and slid the shower door open as he dried his hair. When he looked up he couldn’t help but stare at the beautiful image before him. 

She was wearing only her heels. Her hair was already dry and she was leaning forward over the bathroom counter looking into the mirror adjusting her makeup. This had to be one of the most beautiful sexy images he had ever seen. Her beautiful shapely legs made even more so by her high heels, the soft curves of her hips and ass. Her legs were spread just enough so he could see just the tiniest slice of her outer pussy lips. Then the small tight curve of her waist leading up to her back where he could see the sides of her perfect heavy breasts. Then looking into the mirror he could see her beautiful tits hanging and swaying slightly as she leaned forward and moved her hands about her face. 

He looked up just in time to see her lick her lips and smile a naughty smile back at him in the mirror.

She said, “ Hmmm, something wrong?” looking back at him in the mirror.

He saw himself in the mirror. His mouth was hanging open as he stared at her.

He said, “ Oh no, no." trying to recover. "Oh okay, you look gorgeous and you know what seeing you like this does. So this is how it’s going to be tonight, huh?”

She smiled as she returned her attention to the mirror and said simply, “ You started it!”

He came up behind her and put his arms around her and tried to turn her to face him but she broke away and said, “ Oh no, oh no you don’t. You’ll just have t o wait. I’m starving and if you don’t hurry we will miss our reservation.” 

He held her from behind though pressing against her and reaching around and squeezing both those beautiful tits. 

Oh she loved this, feeling him behind her and looking in the mirror at them so close together. Seeing him behind her and seeing his hands on her made her almost loose her little bit of self-control. But this would wait for another time. She hadn’t yet shared with him her desire, her turn-on at watching. 

Quickly then she turned and reached for her dress sliding it on over her head. Once she had it pulled into place she turned her back to him and asked him to close the few fasteners at the neck. It was so sexy on her. The material was soft and clung to her curves.

He sighed, “ OK.” And helped her with the fasteners. Then he combed his hair shaved and got dressed. He wore a blue suit, a white shirt, and a dark blue tie. His tan made him look younger he thought as he turned out the light in the bathroom and went to find her.

She was waiting for him sitting on the couch. She was beautiful. He couldn’t believe his good fortune to be here with her. He knew what she looked like with no clothes and this only served to make her even hotter in his eyes when he saw here dressed like she was now. It turned him on to know she was with him and that she had nothing on under that dress. 

He had been out with her on their “Dinner Date” once before and remembered the heads she turned as they walked through the restaurant. She looked even more stunning now if that was possible. 

As he drew near her she uncrossed her legs to stand and he saw her naked upper thigh and was forced to smile his approval as he held out his hands to her and said,“ You are beautiful!”

She had left him in the bathroom to finish getting ready and went to wait in the living room. She felt like a girl on her first date. Her heart was racing and she felt flush. She calmed herself by trying to convince herself it was just the sun and the alcohol from the day kicking in. Then he walked into the room and she felt a little rush of wetness between her legs. God, he looked fabulous, the dark suit and the white shirt set off by his tan and his smile, his sexy eyes. She shivered as she started to rise to meet him.

When she took his hands she could feel the electricity and knew he felt it too. 

He pulled her to him and took her in his arms and kissed her gently. The effect on them both was unreal. She was melting again. As she pressed herself to him she was reassured somewhat by the feel of his semi erect cock pressing against her thigh. This pleased her. 

When their kiss ended she said to him, “ You look very, very handsome tonight.” 

He said smiling, “ Thank you.”

He took her by the hand and off they went to the restaurant. As they approached the restaurant, he said to her, “ I hope you will like this place. It is very private and I have a nice quiet booth reserved just for us.” 

She smiled back at him and replied, “ Oh I’m sure it will be just fine.”

They pulled into a parking spot and he walked around to open her door. He saw her slide her legs out and smiled at the site. He soon saw her attract the first of many admiring looks for that evening from two men and their wives at the door going out to their car. He just smiled at them as he took her arm and walked with her close to him into the restaurant. She smiled at him as she also noticed looks. But she was not noticing the men but the admiring looks on the women’s faces. 

They found the hostess and she led them to their table. It was again perfect. A booth with tall sides in a far corner where they would be able to enjoy each other with limited interruptions. He held her hand as she slipped into the booth ahead of him. He looked down just in time to see the hem of her dress sliding up revealing her soft upper thigh almost to her ass. He smiled to himself thinking of their last dinner date. He then slid in beside her and accepted the menus from the hostess.

They were now alone for a moment at their table. He let his hand wander under the table until he found her leg and started tracing little circles at the inside of her right knee and slowly worked his way up her leg. He went very slowly gently pushing his hand between her crossed legs forcing her to uncross them and allow him further up her thigh. 

As he did she looked at him squinting her eyes and smirking and said, “ You are certainly not wasting any time, are you?”

He said looking into her eyes, “ I can’t resist. You’re so beautiful. And knowing that you have nothing on under that dress makes me crazy. I know it makes you hot too. I’d bet you are soaking wet right now.”

She looked at him squinting her eyes, “ You think you know everything, You think just because …..” 

Her words were cut off in mid sentence and she closed her eyes and moaned quietly as his probing hand and fingers had found their way to the top of her leg and then around and into her very, very wet pussy. 

He looked at her smiling and said, “Mmmm, looks like I was right”

She opened her eyeswide looking back at him and said, “ Damn you! You have the most amazing ability to make my body do whatever you want it to. You barely touch me and my pussy starts running like a river. Ohhhh!”

He laughed quietly and asked, “' Want me to stop?” Pausing his finger action.

She shifted uncomfortably in her seat and said, “ NO! I don’t want you to stop. Not now. Oh youuu….” 

Her words again cut off as he resumed his fingering of her wet and sensitive pussy paying particular attention to her now hard clit. 

He held her clit pinching it gently between his thumb and fore finger as he pulled on it causing it to become harder and more sensitive. The he let go and took hold of one lip and pulled on it and then let go. With each release she exhaled deeply. He repeated this pulling on her other pussy lip. In between he ran his middle finger slowly and deeply in and out of her pussy. She was very wet now. His hand was wet from her. Her outer mound was swollen and turned out allowing him access to her inner tender folds. He was firm in his attentions but gentle using just enough pressure to make her shudder and occasionally moan under her breath. 

He loved the feeling of her soft wetness and hearing her moan at his touch. The heat from her excited pussy excited him along with her low moaning. His cock was rock hard. It was a good thing they were in a booth that was out of the way with a long tablecloth to cover their under table activity. 

He saw her eyes close and heard her breathing quicken. He then inserted his middle finger into her pussy. As soon as he did she clamped down on it and shuddered again as she held onto the table with one hand and grabbed his dick through his pants with the other. With her eyes still closed she let out a small groan biting her lip as she did. She was cumming. 

He had pushed her to far. He probed her quivering pussy with his fingers stoking in and out while thumbing her clit trying to catch up with her orgasm before it was over. He figured as long as she was cumming he may as well try and make the most of it. She was now already calming down so he reluctantly slid his fingers from within her sopping wet pussy, stopping his gentle assault. This all had only taken minutes.

Blinking her eyes for focus and with her mouth slightly open she said to him, “You are so naughty. And that was soooo good. I can’t believe how quickly you made me cum! It’s like you have me on the edge all the time when we are together, Damn you! I’m not sure I like being that easy to control.”

He smiled and replied, “ I like you on the edge. And no mater what you say I Know you love it. Besides, I didn’t hear you objecting. In fact I believe all I heard from you were moans as you were cumming. And, I believe you practically yanked my cock off while you were at it!”

She laughed, “ Oops, sorry. But it’s really your fault. I just got carried away.” 

As she turned to him and undid his zipper and reached in to get her hands on his cock and balls under the cover of the table cloth and his napkin.

At this very moment their waitress appeared to take their order. He had all he could do to keep himself composed while he ordered a drink because she was now firmly stroking and squeezing his cock under the table. 

She was making short slow strokes with her thumb and finger making a circle around his width. She would slide her hand down a few inches and then back up to just under the head and then squeeze while running her thumb over the head to collect the large amounts of pre-cum he was producing. 

She loved this and couldn’t wait for the waitress to leave so she could bring her fingertip to her mouth for a taste.

She smiled at the waitress and ordered a drink also and then the waitress was gone. As soon as they were alone again she leaned in and nibbled and licked his ear telling him how much she loved his cock. 

As she did she temporarily released her grip on him causing him to exhale deeply. He looked over to her just in time to see her licking her fingers quickly and smiling up at him. 

She looked up at him and moaned, “ Mmmm so good mmm”

She quickly returned her hand to his cock and this time worked her fingers down slowly to his balls. She was surprised to find them full and tight against him. Apparently he was closer than she thought. This made her tingle and her pussy throb slightly. She smiled as she let her fingers linger, gently pulling at his sack and caressing his balls.

The waitress returned with their drinks and asked if they wanted to order. He asked if they could have a few minutes, mustering all of his self-control.

With the waitress gone, she again returned to her soft but firm stroking of his cock.

He couldn’t believe it, he was very close. He felt he should warn her. He turned to whisper to her saying, “ Baby, I’m gonna cum if you keep that up. You...” 

Now his words were cut off by her increased stroking and her telling him quiently, “Mmm I know. Cum now cum for me here and now.”

With that she took his napkin and held it in a balloon shape over his cock with her free hand while she began to stroke his cock very fast. He closed his eyes and gripped the table until his knuckles were white. Then he could hold back no more. He just gave in and started his long slow release pulsing in an orgasm, squirting out cum into the napkin she held over his cock. 

As her one hand continued stroking she made sure the other covered the head of his cock with the napkin to catch his hot load. Even with this she still had some running down on her hand as he shot several times, each time she could feel his cock throb in her grip. 

Soon she could tell he was finished and she carefully wiped him clean and returned his cock to his pants and zipped him back up. 

Then she brought her hand quickly up making sure no one was around and licked the last few drops of cum off her hand.

She looked up at him and said, “Umm you taste so good. What a wonderful appetizer. I believe that so far tonight that makes us even. Do you feel good baby?” 

Licking her lips, smiling and then casually taking a sip of her drink. 

He shook his head reaching for his drink, “Oh man, Now Who’s in control? Even? I don’t think so. The evening’s still young. But I think you’re safe for the rest of dinner after that incredible little load you just took.”

She laughed as she set her drink down and said, “ Somehow I didn’t think we were through for the day. But I thought the least I could do was return the favor this time.” 

And then she leaned over and kissed him softly yet passionately, melting a little as she did. She then got up and excused herself to the ladies room tucking the wet napkin into her purse first so as to dispose of the evidence. When she returned their dinner had been served and they had the rest of their dinner without any real activity save for the occasional under table squeeze or stroke just because. 

As they were leaving he asked her if she wanted to stop for a nightcap next door explaining there was a very nice bar with live music that she might like. She squeezed his hand and nodded her agreement. They walked the short distance and entered. The place was sort of crowded but some people were leaving as they entered two stools at the end of the bar opened up in and they were in the corner away from the crowd. He got the bartenders attention and ordered after dinner drinks. 

They held hands and he srtoked her back as she caressed his thigh through his pants and they talked quietly, stopping to kissing occasionally. 

A slow song came on that caught their attention and without saying a word he got up took her hand and led her to the crowded dance floor. She felt wonderful. Their day had been unbelievable. She couldn’t remember when she had enjoyed having sex this much or pleasing a man as much. Then there was their playful fun at dinner. He was bringing out her exhibitionist/voyeuristic side. He had no idea how much this turned her on or did he? Was it the sun and drinks getting to her? She didn’t care she just wanted it to keep going. 

He held her close. She put her arms around his neck and kissed him deeply. His arms around her pulling her close letting one hand stoke her ass briefly. She could feel his cock press against her through his pants, not quite soft yet not hard either. 

She broke off their kiss looked into his eyes and smiled her approval saying to him, “ Hmm, feels like you are recovering ok.” Pressing her self momentarily tighter against him. 

He smiled down at her and leaned down whisper into her ear, “ Oh, I’m better than ok. When you’re around it’s amazing. It seems like he’s always ready to go.”

She laughed and said to him, “ I’m glad, because you have the same effect on me when you’re around. I feel like I’m in heat. I’m always wet.”

He laughed and said, “ Good, I like you that way.” And held her close again. 
