 Days like this, Harvey hated his job. Since he'd been late this morning, he'd been volunteered to take the rookie Manny's place at holding the stop sign at the north end of the construction. In addition to taking his chances with traffic, this meant he'd get constant ribbing from his two "pals" Bob and Taylor who were running the digger today. 

He leaned on the post, swearing under is breath as he heard the pair laughing again. It had to be 95 at least today and it was fucking hot on this pavement. The loud whistles interrupted his thoughts and he turned to see Bob and Taylor...Whoa. Tight ass in grey at eleven o'clock. He watched the woman wiggle as she reached for something in the back seat of her pricy black sedan and felt his mouth water. 

Bob and Taylor were acting like asses, whistling and calling to the woman. Harvey just stood still in admiration as she backed up on pencil thin heels and straightened, a small handbag in one hand and a leather portfolio in the other. Her grey suit was tailored to her figure, giving her a professional look while subtly accenting what appeared to be excellent curves. She turned and Harvey sucked in a hot breath.

She was even more gorgeous from the front, her body long and slender, her walk graceful as she approached the work site, one foot in front of the other so her hips swayed with each step. She surveyed each man. The look she directed at Bob would have shriveled someone with more intelligence. Harvey waited until her eyes turned to him.

He knew what she'd see. On the outside, he might be a bit sweaty and rough, with his tee, faded jeans and worn boots, his hair in need of a trim. But nightly workouts kept his body in the best shape he could be in, so that when he wanted company, there was plenty to pick from. Her eyes scanned up and down his body as he leaned, totally ignoring the traffic and the voice from the walkie-talkie at his hip, watching her. Those blue eyes narrowed a bit and she looked down a moment, unzipping the portfolio. 

Harvey took the card she offered when she looked back up. "I suppose you get off at five?" she said, her voice like honey. Harvey nodded, cocking his head as he studied her. "My office, ten after," she said, closing the portfolio, "If it's fifteen, your opportunity is gone." Then she turned and sauntered towards the building. 

Harvey watched her until the door closed behind her sweet ass. Then he glanced down at the card in his hand. Miranda Winters. He glanced up at the building again and smiled. Looks like today wasn't such a bad day after all...

---------------------------------

Harvey knocked lightly before opening the door. Had to figure she'd be a lawyer, with that car and suit, but he was still curious enough to show up. He hoped he'd read the situation right and she wasn't looking for someone to move furniture. "Hello?" he called.

"Just a minute." He turned towards the voice and got an eye full. Evidently there was a washroom in the office space. Miss Miranda Winters was bent over again, her skirt missing this time, those long golden legs bare to the tiny red thong that hugged her pussy. She still wore the black pumps with the tall heels and the view had all the blood in his head draining south. As she smoothed her hands up one leg and stood, their eyes met in the mirror over the sink.

"Right on time," she smiled. The look was pure sin – a promise of dark deeds and hot sex.

"Whatcha need, honey?" he drawled, shutting the door behind him with a click. She turned and he realized the jacket was gone too and she wore only a thin white blouse. Her breasts strained against the cotton, nipples hard and clear through the sheer material. She sauntered towards him, barely dressed, making him swallow hard as his mouth watered. She looked good enough to eat – and he planned to.

"I've got this...thing," she purred, stopping close enough he could smell spice and woman. Something like cinnamon but not, something addictive and he drew in a deep breath. She slid a hand over his chest, scraping a nail over his nipple through his tee. He felt a tingle and his cock jerked against his fly.

"Tell me more," he managed. She smiled again, her eyes dark and slightly closed. She slid her hand down his chest, over his belly, over the bulge in his jeans. He nearly swore as the buttons on the fly dug in to his throbbing penis.

"You could call it a...need," she continued, sinking down to squat before him, both hands now on his crotch, stroking his cock through the denim, "I need a hard man in my mouth."

Damn. He was gonna cum in his pants if she kept this up. "I...I can do that," he croaked. He clenched his jaw, concentrating on calming his erection, and tugged his tee over his head.

She licked her bottom lip. "My, my," she smiled, her eyes on his belly, "Such a big boy, too." 

He glanced down to see his head was visible above the waist of his jeans. Man, he was hard. "Better do something while he's big, babe," he growled, "Coz, he's gonna explode pretty soon."

She laughed, a smoky sound. "I see," she said, tugging his fly until the buttons gave and his cock surged free. Harvey's eyes nearly crossed as she wrapped her hands around his shaft and gave him a gently tug. "I think I can take care of this."

She did and her methods had Harvey groaning. She kept one hand low on his shaft, her fingers firm, holding him tightly. The other hand balanced against his thigh as she brought her mouth to his head. Her tongue slid over her lips, then darted out to stroke his slit, catching the precum bubbling there. She made a little sound of pleasure and her tongue swirled around his bulbous head, stroking. Around and around, then she pursed her lips and kissed his tip, sucking lightly. With a smacking sound, she pulled away and looked up at his face.

Harvey had his fists and jaw clenched as she tasted him. He felt lightheaded and his body was burning. The sight of her, bent over his deep red penis, was erotic enough. The caress of her tongue was maddening. "More," he grunted. She smiled.

This time she didn't lick. She pushed his head slowly through her lips, starting to suck as his tip penetrated her mouth, keeping the pressure on as she drew him deeper. The sensations were like a slick pussy, her mouth tight around his cock, wet and hot. She took him deep, sliding his head into her throat, but couldn't swallow him all. She drew him back, scraping her teeth lightly along the bottom of his shaft until she popped him free. 

His cock hung in the air a moment, bobbing lightly. It glistened with spit, deep red and visibly throbbing. Harvey ground his teeth together to fight the ache. "Tasty," she murmured, then took him in again. This time she moved up and down his shaft, sucking him in and sliding him out, letting him fuck her mouth. He groaned, his hips moving with the rhythm she set, his cock swelling even more with pleasure as he thrust between her tight lips.

"I'm...I'm gonna cum, babe," he managed, panting, his hands clenching and unclenching at his side. He wanted to slide his fingers into her hair and fuck her mouth hard and fast. He wanted to yank her to her feet and bend her over the desk and fuck her pussy until he exploded. She let his head pop free and he thought he was going to lose it as his vision blurred.

"Hold it, babe," she teased, "No cumming until I'm ready." She shifted her hand and her thumb pressed hard under his cock. Harvey felt the urge dim a little and took his first real breath since she'd started. She shifted, letting go and rising smoothly to her feet. She stepped back from him, watching with those big dark eyes, her fingers slowly unbuttoning her blouse. Harvey shoved his jeans down and toed off his boots, his eyes never leaving her hands.

As she shrugged the white cotton from her shoulders, his cock jerked. Her breasts were big and bare, pale with hard rosy tips. His mouth watered and he reached for her. She stepped back with a tsk sound. She wore only the red thong and heels and he desperately wanted to touch, to taste, to bury his dick to the hilt inside her hot body.

"One rule," she said, holding up a finger. He took her hand, sucking the fingertip into his mouth and rolling his tongue around her. She shivered and he watched with narrow eyes and please expression. She pulled her hand away and slid both hands behind her back. The movement made her breasts thrust forward and he was again itching to touch.

"No latex," she said. His eyes came up to hers. "I'm allergic." He didn't say a word. "I'm healthy, protected. You can fuck me, but no latex."

"Why trust me?" he asked, cursing his mouth for asking a question he didn't care to know. All he really cared about was the 'fuck me' part.

"I don't," she answered shortly. She took one step closer. "But I want you."

Finally, his hands slid over her belly, her breasts. Her breath caught as he rubbed her nipples with his thumbs. "Fair enough," he said. In a lightning fast move, he scooped her up, set her on the desk. "But these got to go," he growled, grabbing her panties and yanking. She gasped as the thin material ripped.

Harvey went to his knees before her, spreading her legs. She was bare between her thighs too, shaved pink and already glistening. His mouth watered as he glanced up at her. "You better hold on to something, honey," he warned. Then he lowered his mouth and began to feast. 

She sobbed out a breath as his tongue explored her swollen flesh. His hands were hard on her inner thighs, hot and firm, holding her open to him even as she squirmed. Finding her clit, he suckled and nibbled her hard nub, teasing her mercilessly as she writhed, rocking her hips against his mouth. She clutched at the edge of the desk, at his hair, gasping, and he moved lower. 

She was sweeter, hotter, here as he swirled his tongue around her quivering hole. His hands felt the tension in her body. He heard it in her whimpering cries. Dipping his tongue into her pussy, he rubbed her intimately and was rewarded by a rush of sweet juice. He suckled her, flicking his tongue into her, milking her orgasm until she shuddered weakly.

Finally, he thought, as he got to his feet. She sat at the edge of the desk, leaning back on her arms, her body flushed and still open for him. He grinned. "You came without me, babe," he teased, wrapping a hand around his aching cock and giving himself a pump. Her eyes widened as he stepped closer. "Time to take your punishment."

"God...I...you," she started, but he captured her jaw with one hand, crushing his mouth to hers. As the kiss deepened and their tongues stroked, he stepped between her legs, his hand shifting to her inner thigh as he dragged his head along her swollen slit. He drew back for a breath, releasing her chin. She seemed stunned, one hand shakily brushing her hair back from her face. He grinned, licking his lips. More, he thought, recapturing her lips, swallowing her gasp as his head fit against her wet hole, as his fat tip pushed gently against her.

"I..." she gasped, then cried out as he gripped her hips and thrust deep. Her tight body clamped around him as he buried himself inside her. With a hoarse groan, he bucked his hips against hers, his cock twisting inside her. Her eyes rolled back as she gasped and clutched his shoulders.

"You...you're so...God, fuck me," she sobbed, "I can't..." He drew back and thrust again, ramming his cock into her again and again. Her nails dug into his shoulders as she thrust her hips to meet him, eagerly taking his full erection with each stroke. Her hands slipped, struggled for purchase as the force of his pounding increased. She finally grabbed his hips. "So damn good," she gasped. 

Got that right, he groaned silently. She was as hot as fire, wrapped so tightly around his cock that he could feel her heart beat, that he could feel her muscles give and stretch to accommodate his thickness. He pumped endlessly, each deep thrust another step towards climax, his balls swelling, his cock hardening. Harvey's hands tightened on her hips as he drove faster, hammering her cunt, his breath as ragged as hers as he fucked her hard.

"Yes, yes," she cried. He felt the first tremors and slid his hands to her ass, shifting closer and lifting her so he thrust up. He hit the perfect spot and she clenched around him, her nails slipping and digging into his ass as he ground himself against her. "Oh, my God," she practically screamed as she arched against him.

Harvey's body shook with effort. Every instinct said to drive himself to peak. But he wanted this to be more than another quickie for her. He wanted to burn himself into her memory. He wanted to be the man she compared all her other lovers to. He gripped her tightly, rocking his hips against her, his head pressed tight inside her and she shook with pleasure, her inner muscles rippling up and down his shaft.

Her hands loosened, fell away. Her eyes closed and she gave a final breathless sob as her body went lax on the desktop. Now, his body demanded. Even as she came down, he was pumping again, long strokes designed to drag his shaft against her tender pussy lips. He began to thrust faster, pistoning his cock in and out, his shaft swelling, his balls clenching.

"Yes," he roared as his cock pulsed, his release shooting up, out, into her core. She cried out again, her pussy spasming around him as he ejaculated again and again, a seemingly endless stream of hot semen filling her core. She flung her arms out, shuddering, gasping, as he let go of her ass and planted his hands flat on the desktop. He leaned over her, head bowed, panting and shuddering as his cock emptied. Fighting the weakness, he slipped his spent penis from her, stepped away.

"Take that, babe," he managed. She started to laugh, spread naked on the desk.

She lifted her head, then slowly sat up. "That was just what I needed, babe," she teased, her voice still a little breathless.

Harvey saluted her, picking up his jeans. He knew this little...session...was over. He also considered it time well spent. He watched her saunter naked to the washroom as he tugged on his boots. She came out a moment later, wrapped in a blue silk robe. His mouth watered a bit, but he pushed it aside.

"Thanks," she smiled. He tugged his tee over his head.

"No problem, sweetheart," he grinned, "Gotta run. Got me a hot date tonight..." Her laughter followed him into the hall.

---------------------------------

Harvey didn't need to look to know why the whistles started. He was running the digger today and he shifted it to idle before looking over. Miss Miranda Winters wiggled her tight ass as she walked towards the building. At the last moment, before disappearing through the door, she winked at him and held up five fingers. Harvey grinned. Hot damn days. Hot damn woman. He was a lucky guy...