 We were going to spend the entire weekend at the Daytona Speedway. I don't know how we got a spot in the infield for our camper but we did. I could see the look of sheer excitement on your face. Knowing that we would be there watching it all in person was a thrill in itself. We got settled in and decided to walk around checking things out. I love spending time with you but this was very special to me. Being in your own little heaven as you went from one souvenir trailer to another.

We decided to eat dinner at Race Rock roaming around making sure that we looked at everything. We ate, drank and laughed but it was getting late and we needed to be up bright and early. So, we headed back to our own little spot amongst all the other fans from around the world. 

We watched the Busch race Saturday, and just agreed that we should stay at our site tonight because to morrow would be another busy day, and we needed to relax. We cooked some burgers on the grill and cleaned up. You determined to sit in the chaise lounge and have a beer. I puttered around and then joined you in the chaise lounge also having a beer. Well one beer led to many beers and the next thing I know I was feeling tipsy.

I got this very bright idea, and told you I would be right back. When I returned you asked what took me so long and I just shrugged, grabbing your hand and leading the way. You asked, "Where are we going?" I replied with, "You will see, just be patient." We walked a ways and I told you to close your eyes. You started to form something from your lips and I put my finger over your mouth and said, "Shush." I once again grabbed your hand and led the way not saying anything. When we finally arrived, I stood you where I wanted you and then told you to uncover your eyes. As you took your hands away from your face all you saw was a blanket laid out, a candle burning on each side of the blanket, and a bucket of beer all in the middle of victory lane....

I walked over to you, put my arms around you and kissed you for a moment. I then pulled my mouth away from yours and stated, "This is because I love you and you are very special to me." Not to mention that has also been a fantasy that I have wanted to share with you. We got settled onto the blanket. I ran my fingers through your hair as my lips gently parted yours, my tongue entering your mouth. My fingers worked quickly as they unbuttoned your shirt revealing your chest. I wanted to just rip your clothes off and take advantage of you but I kept reminding myself that I needed to take my time and make sure that this was a time not forgotten. 

My mouth moved to your neck and ears kissing, and sucking them as my fingers worked on unbuttoning and unzipping your pants, sliding my hand down inside to feel the goal that I will soon reach. My breasts yearned to be touched so I sat up for a moment and took off my sweatshirt revealing full=sized breasts with hardened nipples. You immediately reached for them running your pointer finger around them seeing if you could get them any harder. Twisting my nipples between two fingers, making my legs weaken. I wanted you to taste them, suck them and lick them. Then as it seemed you had read my mind you brought them to your mouth. I wanted you to continue but this was your moment so, I pulled myself away and turned pulling your boxers from your body. I looked and there was your manhood. I couldn't wait to taste it. I quickly went to your side getting close enough to put your soft but swelling penis to my mouth. I sucked playing with your balls as you reached under my skirt, between my legs and started playing with my clit.

I opened my legs a little further so that you could get to my clit easier. My body was responding to your touch, my moisture was like the morning dew on blades of grass. I tried to moan but it was muffled from your cock in my mouth. I was pushing my butt towards you wanting your fingers inside me. You knew what I was seeking and stuck a finger in making me pause the cock sucking for a moment until I adjusted. You moved your finger in and out slowly at first and then added another finger to find that special spot. Oh my god that feels good I exclaimed. I tried to push my butt back more to meet your thrusts. I was becoming hotter and wetter, and sucking you harder wanting that flood of juice to swallow. As I was continuing to knead your balls and suck your cock, I got my first taste of pre-cum and knew that you were nearing the culmination. My moans became louder as you brought your other fingers to my clit working both of them. You pressed my clit harder and worked it faster, I couldn't control the releasing of my juices and you soon followed my lead. I quickly swallowed your cum making sure not to miss any.

But I was not done with you, and my plans needed a stiff penis so I went back to work this time running my hand up and down the length of your manhood adding a twist of the wrist every once and a while. My tongue teased the tip of your cock as my hand continued its own job. Soon enough you were hard as a rock with veins bulging. I got up and stood over you with a leg on each side. I bent down so that I could feel your hard cock pushing against my closed lips. I moaned as my pussy lips were letting your big cock cross the threshold stretching me but then everything went into place and it felt sooo good. I wrapped my feet under your thighs, and put my arms by your shoulders. 

My tits were hanging down and my hard nipples were brushing your chest. I moved my hips slowly but making sure that I had every inch of you deep within. I rode your schlong faster as you took my swinging breasts into your palms wrapping fingers around them. Oh yes baby squeeze my tits. I was fucking you hard and fast now making circles with my hips. Feeling every inch of your cock move in and out of my hot wet pussy, noises of enjoyment came from my mouth. Our breathing becoming heavier and increasing as we neared the conclusion. I grabbed your shoulders and you grabbed my ass pushing me, encouraging me to take it all in. Ride me baby you kept stating, and I followed your orders. Your pubic bone was putting pressure on my clit stimulating me even more. Oh, baby oh was all I could say. I am going to cum you told me but I wasn't stopping until my pussy squeezed all your cum out of your body. I was so wet that I could hear it, and this time you followed me. 

My moans echoing in the darkness as I reached my climax. My motions slowed until they stopped, I wrapped my arms around your neck, rested my lips against your ear, and whispered, and "I think we got a winner here." As my mind hoped that, I gave you a sexual encounter you would never forget but always brag about.