 Part Six, I Want it Hard

Wyrm's gray eyes were locked to Samuel's as he turned to regard her. She was wearing her thick coat, that did a fine job at hiding her thin womanly figure, but had it unbuttoned to reveal her tight black shirt underneath that had been cut at the bottom to reveal her bellybutton ring hanging down. Her lips were downturned in a grimace as she arched an eyebrow at him as she crossed her arms under her breasts and bit her lower lip.

"Not happy to see me," she asked as she narrowed her eyes dangerously.

"Of course I am," he lied. 

"Let's talk somewhere a bit more private," she said, nodding her head to indicate his apartment just behind her a bit down the hall. "We have much to discuss."

Samuel had a feeling that a "discussion" wasn't going to be a conversation. He was relieved as one revelation occurred to him. She must have not told anybody. She must have been able to keep her grunts quiet or else, she would be accompanied by more of her gang members and maybe even the leader himself.

He followed the tiny thug down the hallway and shadowed her as the two stepped through the busted doorframe of the broken down apartment that he had called home for months now. She spun on her heels as soon as they were both fully in the room and smacked him across the face with an open-handed slap so hard that he had to shake the spots from his eyes.

"Here I am," she began with a growl, staring holes in him as she spoke through gritted teeth. "Risking my ass to help you out and you're hiding from me!"

"I'm not hiding from you," he offered. In truth, he wasn't lying. It was her connections that he was hiding from. He didn't think this woman would tell on herself any more than he would. "And how are you helping me out?"

"Do you know who my man is," she asked, visibly calmer.

"I do now," he admitted, rubbing the side of his face still. She had one hell of an arm on her. "After we had sex."

"So you must know what would happen to me if he were to find out," she asked.

"Probably the same thing that would happen to me," he answered bitterly.

"My fate would surely be worse," she said with a sign. Her eyes looked into his with what appeared to be sympathy. "And that's just for having sex with you."

"What else have you done to gain the anger of your man," Samuel asked, spitting the word man with a great amount of anger.

"Here," she huffed. She reached into her thick coat and pulled out the figurine of the unicorn that she had stolen just the day before. His eyes opened wide as she handed the item to him.

"Why," his question came out in a silent breath. He couldn't believe what she was doing. In truth, she never had the right to take it, to begin with, but there was nothing that he could have done to get it back.

"It felt like the right thing to do," she mumbled as she looked around him toward the open doorframe. "Let's go back away from prying eyes."

Samuel turned to look behind him but found no one on the other side of the door frame. When he turned back to look at Wyrm once more, he saw a glimpse of her backside as she vanished around the corner toward his room. He followed her, the unicorn firmly in his grip.

Once inside his bedroom, he closed the door behind him and turned to look at the fascinating woman, who had shed from her thick coat and was sitting on the edge of the bed, looking up at him.

"So," she began. "What are you planning on doing with that thing?"

"I'm going to sell it," he admitted, not feeling like there was a need to lie to her about his intentions. If she had stolen the thing, she must know of its value to begin with. "It should give me enough to give me a boost in life once more."

"And what are you going to do with this new boost," she asked pointedly. He eyed her curiously for a moment before walking over and taking a seat on the edge of the bed next to her.

"What would you have me do," he asked. She looked to him and placed a hand on his leg.

"I would have you make sure you never end up in a place like this again," she said. The hint of humanity in her tone shocked him more than a little. She was acting like an entirely different person than the day before.

"I have some ideas," he said, offering her a comforting smile. "I'll be ok."

"I bet you will," she said, rubbing a hand over the stubble of her shaved head.

In a flash so fast that Samuel couldn't keep up, Wyrm pushed him on his back and straddled her legs over him until she was sitting on his lap and looking down into his eyes. She rubbed her hands up his stomach from underneath his shirt and scratched her nails down his chest as she chewed on her lower lip.

"I want it hard," she finally said, breaking the silence. "I want it so hard that you make me cry."

Samuel stared wide-eyed at the woman on his lap for a long moment as she arched her back and looked down at him. He could feel his erection pushing against the constraints of his pants and knew that she could feel the growth from under her as well, for she smiled to the sensation.

"Remember," she said as she stood up from the bed and yanked all of her clothing off before pulling his pants down to the floor to eye his swinging shaft. "Hard."

She crawled back onto his lap and sat down on him, penetrating her cunt with his still-expanding cock. She closed her eyes and let out a soft moan as her bottom rested against his thighs. He reached down and gently stroked her legs as she sat still on top of him. Her eyes flashed dangerously and she scratched her nails down his chest, causing a small line of broken skin to begin to bleed. After a moment of him not acting, she reached back and slapped him across the face so hard that his vision temporarily went black. 

She reached back for another slap but Samuel caught her by the wrist and thrust his hips up, throwing her over his head. She landed on the floor on the other side of the bed and he was quick to roll over and land on top of her on the floor. She looked up at him with the same wild look in her eyes and swung her arm forward, clipping him in the jaw with a punch. He shook the pain away from his jaw as he gripped both of her arms tightly. She twisted her hips and kneed him in the side so hard that his breath left his lungs as he toppled over to his side on the floor.

She rolled around on top of him once more and tried to pull her hands free but he held on firmly so she bent down and sunk her teeth into the side of his neck. It felt like she would pull a chunk of his flesh away. The pain was so bad. He gritted his teeth and twisted his entire body, rolling her over onto her back. He pulled his head back, yanking his neck from her teeth so fast that he heard her teeth clamp together. She growled and threw her head back forward toward him but he was on to her this time. He kept back from her and twisted her wrists until she had rolled over on her stomach.

"You better get rougher than that," she growled, twisting her back so that she could turn to look over her shoulder at him. He pressed his hands down on her back and felt her asscheeks squeeze his cock. 

"You want it rough," he growled, anger rushing through him. His neck and face felt like they were on fire. "You got it."

He scooped his arms under her stomach and lifted her up before spinning her to drop her upper body on the bed, leaving her legs hanging down the floor. She kicked upward with her legs but he clamped her legs together with his knees and pushed the angle of his dick down with a free hand while his other hand held her pinned to the bed. 

She looked back over her shoulder and he watched her eyes close tight as he shoved the entirety of his throbbing cock deep into her asshole. She let out a guttural sound from her throat and threw a hand back to grab at him but he quickly leaned away from her touch. 

He began working his long, hard, and throbbing rod in and out of her tight ass as he stretched his free hand up to the back of her neck. He hooked his hand under the front of her throat and pulled her up. She made a choking sound as he picked up his pace. He could feel his strength and stamina rise and knew that he could build his pace up to equal the insane speed from the previous night and again from the shower with Angelica.

Faster and faster he worked his hips and louder and louder, the choked screams of Wyrm sounded throughout the room. Sounds of his thighs crashing against her asscheeks grew louder and louder to match the intensity of her choked screams.

"You wanted it rough," he teased. "You asked for this."

He released her throat and her face fell into the mattress as she gasped for breath. 

Faster.

She cried out something unintelligible but he didn't dare slow down. He pounded his rod into her asshole even faster. Her cries grew louder to match the sounds of flesh on flesh.

"I...mmm," her sobs muffled by the mattress in her face. "C...uuu...mmm...i...nnnnn..g!"

Her stretched muscles on her back began to spasm as he worked faster and faster in and out of her. Her screams worked in short bursts and her hands gripped the sheets of the bed in a death grip as if she were afraid to let go. He looked down to see the side of the bed had a dark spot underneath her.

Faster.

His lungs began to ache as he took in quick and sharp breaths as his thrusts worked inhumanly fast. He could feel the swelling of his cock but didn't want to finish just yet. She asked for this. She wanted him to be rough with her. What was it she had asked? She wanted him to make her cry?

He pulled his cock from her ruined asshole and spun her body around so that her head was facing him. He rolled her over onto her back and looked down into her eyes, which had rolled up to the back of her head. She finally managed to focus her eyes on him and he dropped his heavy dick onto her face. He waited for an attack from her but it appeared that her fight was over. She had received what she had wanted. 

Now it was his turn!

"Open your mouth," he ordered. She laid on her back completely motionless, staring up at him. That dangerous look began to glow on her face once more and he knew he had to stop it right then. He reached down, pried her mouth open with his fingers and shoved his shaft between her lips and passed her throat. She gagged and squeezed his ass as her body twisted on the bed. She swung a few weak punches against his side but he was too caught up in the moment to feel them.

He picked up his rapid pace where he had left off, pounding his cock in her mouth and down her throat at a speed so quick that his balls smacked against her forehead and echoed a smacking noise across the room that drowned out her gags.

Her body continued to twist from side to side until he reached down and hooked his fingers inside of her soaking wet pussy and pulled her still. Her cries escaped from around his rod as he began fingering her at a tempo to match his thrusts in her mouth. Her teeth tried to clamp down on him but the girth of his cock was too thick for her to do any damage. If anything, it turned him on even more.

She threw her legs up in the air as she kicked wildly. Wetness sprayed from her climaxing pussy as he felt his balls tighten. He pulled his cock from her mouth and looked down at her. Her eyes were locked to his and he noticed the wetness of tears running down the sides of her face.

"Jerk me off," he ordered.

She reached a hand up and wrapped her fingers around his pulsating shaft as she lifted her head and licked on his balls. She pulled her enclosed hand up and down his cock, which was soaking wet from her saliva. She pulled fast and hard, though her speed didn't even come close to matching his previous thrusts. Her tongue worked furiously on his tightened ball sack.

He threw his head back and howled a grunt as he felt his load shoot out of him. He looked down to see that the first blast shot a thin rope of his cum down her chest and over one nipple. He watched as his second blast landed down her chin and over her neck. She lifted her head up and took him in her mouth and swallowed the rest of his cum as it poured from him. 

He twisted in the air and fell back on the bed next to her but aimed in the opposite direction. He turned to his side and kissed the side of her leg, tasting the saltiness of her sweat. He felt her mouth sucking on his deflating cock as her hands rubbed up and down his side.

"Worth it," she whispered after a moment. He looked down to see her smiling down at him. 

She eventually stood up and slowly pulled her clothes back on before turning to look at him once more. She gave him a smile that almost looked sad.

"I hope you get everything that you want," she said. She started to walk out of his door but stopped and turned to face him one last time. "Don't forget me."

He watched her leave and heard her light footsteps as she exited his apartment completely. What had come over her? She wanted the best for him? Just yesterday, he had the feeling that he was just a plaything for her. He assumed that she would want to use him for just that until she had grown bored of him. Now it almost seemed like she was breaking up with him so he could find better things in life. 

He stood up and pulled his own clothes on a few minutes later. He had to head back to Cricket's apartment. She could be back already. He didn't want to worry her.

He stepped through the broken doorframe and entered the other hall. He walked up to Cricket's apartment door and pushed it open.