 I had worked at the local drug store for about two years since dropping out of college. I had made the common mistake of focusing on beer and girls rather than my studies. Still living at with the folks at 21 and working a crappy job didn't exactly make me popular with the ladies back home. I hadn't had a steady girlfriend since high school and only a few quick flings since then. I had hit a dry spell as of late and was beginning to think that I would never get laid again. That was when they hired the new girl.

Heather was six months younger than I was. She stood about 5'8, taller than the girls I usually go for. She had long, dark-brown hair with faint, dark-blonde streaks. It stopped just above her ass. Heather had a slim figure, about 115 pounds. She accentuated this often by wearing short sleeved, v-neck shirts that rode just above her belly button and showed just a hint of cleavage. She had small breasts but always wore a bra that exaggerated her true bust size. It seemed like she was always dressed in tight, low-cut jeans. They framed her small but perfectly formed ass. Heather really was quite beautiful. She had one of the prettiest faces I had ever seen. It was slim like the rest of her shapes, with high cheekbones, a small chin and a cute little button nose. Her eyes were by far her most striking features. They were the deepest shade of brown that almost made them look black. She had a glare that would send shivers down your spine. It seemed like she was looking right into you.

It took a while before we warmed up to one another. She later told me that when we first met she thought I was mean looking and was afraid to talk to me. I told her that I had the impression she was a bitch. I guess working a dead-end job can make you come across that way to other people. We always worked the late shift together, and after a few months, became friends. As it turned out, I wasn't the mean guy she though I was and she was rather sweet as well. When it was near closing time we would go out back and grab a quick smoke and chat for a few minutes. After work we sometimes went to the tavern across the street from the store to have a few beers and shoot some pool. It was on one of these occasions that we became closer than I had ever thought we would.

It had been quite a rough night at work. Bitchy customers and long hours made us eager to blow off some steam. We took her car to the bar for another night of drinks and pool. It was out of the ordinary, but we ended up staying until last call. We both had quite a buzz so I left my car at the bar and drove hers to my place. She said she wasn't comfortable driving home in her present state so I invited her inside. My parents were out of town for the week so I cranked up the stereo and grabbed a couple of beers out of the fridge. We sang along to the music and chatted for a little while before we decided to watch a movie. We went to my room and I popped in a tape. We crawled up into my lofted bed and lay across it as we watched the tape. About a half-hour later we both nodded off.

When I awoke, I had to squint to see the television as it was so bright and the room was dark. The credits rolled in the movie we had fallen asleep to. We must have been out for about an hour or so. I grabbed the remote, turned off the television, moved my pillow to the head of the bed and laid my head down to go to sleep for the night. To my surprise, she too awoke and crawled up beside me. I was lying on my right side and she was facing me. I pulled the comforter over both of us and fell asleep once again. I soon woke up once again and found that she had moved even closer to me and our bodies were now pressed up against each other. I slid my arm under her head and rolled onto my back. She put her forehead in the crook of my neck, slid closer, laid her right arm across me and crossed her right leg over mine. She seemed to be shivering so I moved my right hand to her back and began rubbing it.

We lay like that for a while, just enjoying the warmth of our combined body heat. She was wearing a rather thin blouse and I could feel the clasp of her bra through the light material. She began rubbing my shoulder. I took this as a signal to get closer and rolled on my side once again to face her. I place my left hand on the small of her back. Her shirt had ridden up and I had my hand on bare skin. Something about this touch sent a charge through my body and I could feel myself starting to get hard. I started to run my hand slowly on the small of her back, slightly up her shirt, to her waist and back again. She reciprocated by rubbing my shoulder even more, then sliding it down my arm and up the sleeve of my T-shirt to feel my muscled shoulder. I let my hand roam down towards her ass, feeling the top of her pants and finally pushing down the back of them. She was wearing a satin thong, which only served to heighten my arousal.

We were now both breathing quite heavily, as I could hear the air being expelled through her nose. I opened my mouth and let out an excited sigh. This triggered her to do the same and I could feel her hot breath on my face. We continued our rubbing each other until we were almost writhing against one another. I leaned my head down to kiss her and found her mouth slightly parted. I placed my lips on hers and pressed. She pressed back and we shared the warmest, most sensual kiss I have ever experienced. Our mouths parted briefly until she once again pressed her mouth to mine. This time I could feel her tongue protruding slightly and I extended mine to meet it. I caressed her tongue with mine then set off to explore the rest of her kiss. I ran my tongue under the inside of her upper lip, returned to her tongue briefly before lightly nibbling her bottom lip. Our breathing accelerated noticeably as we started to really make out. We were still caressing each other's bodies, but now with increased fervor.

I was now running my palm all the way up her back under her shirt before plunging down the back of her jeans. Finding too much resistance to proceed further, I reached around to the front of her waist and unbuttoned the top of her pants. Now free from obstruction I returned my palm to the back of her pants. I traced the outline of her thong before fully grasping her petite ass cheek. I squeezed and she moaned into my mouth. Our legs were now completely entwined and I could feel my erection pressing into her. I lifted my leg and my knee was firmly embedded in her crotch. She ground her pubic bone into the top of my thigh. We were no longer two bodies but one, writhing mass of warmth.

This continued for a while before she rolled onto her back, breaking our kiss. As I stared down upon her, she began to unbutton her blouse. The faint light that was filtering through the window revealed button by button, more and more of her torso to me. She opened her blouse and I could see the outline of her black push-up bra contrasted by her pale skin. I placed my hand on her stomach and felt the softest, warmest form I had ever touched. I continued my movement to the side of her waist and up her ribs to bottom of her bra. I cupped her covered right breast in my left palm as I leaned down to resume our kiss. She once again moaned and plunged her tongue deep into my mouth. Now fully engorged, I slid my hand under the bottom of her bra and felt her small but ample tit. Her nipple was hard and responded to my touch. I massaged her breast before sliding my hand back down her tummy to the top of her unbuttoned jeans.

I unzipped her pants and put my hand back on her stomach before sliding the tips of my fingers just under the top of her soft satin panties. I proceeded further until I could feel the soft wisps of the top of her bush. She lifted her hips to encourage me to go even further down. I slid my palm as far as down her panties as I could. She parted her legs and I cupped her mound in my palm. She let out a whimper and I started to move my palm around, feeling her lips and pubic hair in my hand. I ran my middle finger down her crevice and found that she was quite wet. I massaged her clit and then slowly slid my finger into her warm hole. I finger fucked her while we made out until she grabbed my wrist and pulled my hand from her sex.

She rolled onto her side and brought herself up to her elbow so she could remove her blouse and now displaced bra. She pushed me to my back and rolled over until she was straddling me. She pulled my shirt up and I raised my torso to accommodate her. She pressed her breasts into my chest while leaning in to kiss me again. Her long hair fell all about me and tickled my neck and shoulders. I grabbed her hips and pressed them down while I raised mine to grind my now throbbing member into her. She rocked forward and back again. We were now dry humping. She lifted her chest from mine and I raised my head to take her protruding nipple into my mouth. I sloppily mouthed her tit while she held me around the back of my head, running her fingers through my short hair.  

She rolled off of me and reached down to unzip her boots. I sat up and leaned down to help her. Off came her boots and socks, followed by her jeans. I laid back and she began to unzip my pants. I kicked off my shoes and socks, and helped her take my pants off. We were now both dressed in only our underwear. She once again straddled me and leaned down to kiss me. Our pelvises ground into one another's and she slid back and forth rubbing my cock along the line of her now soaking wet cunt, which was outlined by her slippery panties.

I rolled her over onto her back and kissed my way down her body. She shuddered in pleasure as I neared the top of her underwear. I lingered there for a bit, giving her wet kisses around her belly button. Her legs parted and I continued down and lightly mouthed her covered pussy before moving to her inner thighs. As I kissed them I slid her thong to the side and effortlessly slid my index finger into her juicy cunt. While I fucked her with my digit I put my thumb on her clit and began to rub it back and forth. I slid a second finger into her and searched for her g-spot. Finding it I ran my fingers along the inside the front of her pussy until she could take no more and finally came, bucking against my hand. 

I withdrew my fingers and put them in my mouth to taste her wetness. It was slick and had a distinctive taste that made me even more eager to lick her slit. I placed my hands on either side of her hips and slid my fingers around the waist of her panties, pulling them down slowly until they cleared her ass. I slid them down her thighs, past her knees and off of her legs before casting them aside. I took station at her lightly trimmed bush and reaching under her hips grabbed her by the top of her thighs. I leaned in and running my tongue from the side of her outer lips traced around her pussy. I slid my tongue inside one lip and licking up the length of one side and then the other. I flattened my tongue and pressed it against her clit then circled all around it. I moved down slightly and placed the tip of my tongue at her entrance and slithered it into her juicy hole. The warmth was unbelievable as her wetness streamed and covered my whole face. She came again and I struggled to keep my mouth on her sex.

She grabbed me by the hair, pulled me up and ordered me to fuck her immediately. I removed my underwear and rose to my knees, inching up to her cunt. My cock lie on her pubic region and she reached down and rubbed her wetness to draw lubrication. She grasped my dick in her hand and fisted it slowly sending waves of pleasure through my body. She released it and I leaned down bracing myself by placing my hands on either side of her and kissed her deeply on more time. I took my cock in hand at the base and placed it at the opening of her cunt. I rubbed the tip up and down the length of her slit before I entered her ever so slightly. She raised her hips, trying to draw me in, and I lurched forward slowly until I was fully enveloped by her velvety soft sheath.

Not a word was spoken as I slowly thrust in and out of her. Just sighing and moaning could be heard as we fucked. I leaned down as our pace quickened. We kissed briefly and I removed my mouth from hers and began to lightly suckle on her earlobe. I nibbled her neck and she threw her arms around me, pulling me closer. She wrapped her legs around my waist, urging me to fuck her with more vigor. My eyes popped open and I was looking right into her dark, piercing eyes. I thrust even faster and she opened her mouth, seemingly wanting to say something. However, she said nothing. She just whimpered softly and squinted her eyebrows together as if grimacing in pain. 

The look on her face and shuddering of her breath as she approached orgasm started to send me over the edge. I felt a tingling in my balls and I slowed slightly, trying to prolong the pleasure. As she came, she lifted her hips and ground her pubic bone into me. She started gyrating and I could no longer control the onset of the inevitable. I buried myself as deeply as I could and came hard, shooting stream after stream of cum into her wetness. We both exhaled deeply and remained motionless as the plateau subsided. I rolled off and lay next to her. I reached a hand around and grasped her behind the head and lifted her lips to mine for one last warm, deep, wet kiss. I let her head down and she snuggled close to me.

As we drifted off to sleep, I knew that going to work at a dead end job would be much more exciting than I ever thought it could be.