 The little town where I was raised is located in the beautiful hills and valleys of western Pennsylvania. The scenery is gorgeous, especially in autumn when colors burst from the trees before the onset of winter's chill. It was Amish country. A few decades ago it wasn't uncommon to see them in their horse and buggy taking fresh corn and other vegetables to the open market. Since then, the little town has grown up. Instead of an open market there are fast-food restaurants and small businesses. People still generally get along with each other and no one is a stranger. 

My circle of friends rebelled, of course, back in our teenage years. We listened to rock and roll, preferred bongs to joints, drove the few miles across the state line to Ohio (the legal drinking age in Ohio was 18 back in those years) to get beer and bourbon, and in general spent most of our evenings trying to outdo the buzz we got the previous night. We had our secret spot, way out in the country, where we'd build a small campfire, break out a couple acoustic guitars, pass the bong, crack open some beers, laugh and sing along to some Neil Young, Lynyrd Skynrd, Allman Brothers, Led Zeppelin. It was how we coped with the sheer boredom of our given birthplace. 

We graduated from high school and went our separate ways. I tried college and it didn't like me more than I didn't like it. I didn't study much but got good grades in high school, which helped my pursuit of a higher education. College started off good, but then it was over for me, seemingly as quickly as it began. The school I attended was 90 miles from home. None of my high school friends joined me at that college, but I was raised in that no one was a stranger, so I made friends there easily. 

Now I'm don't have model-quality good looks but I'm handsome enough. I stand 6'2', 190, sandy brown hair, blue eyes, always smiling. I was and still am in good shape. Enjoyed working out in the yard and fields. I'm a simple man. I like the instant gratification of accomplishing something of a physical nature. Mowing the yard, weeding the garden, repairing the shed. I'm not a great carpenter or a master landscaper but when I finish the work I can glance at what I accomplished, nod my head and say good job, amigo. So, I'm average. I wasn't blessed with a whopper of a package either. Just average there too. 

I had a girlfriend in high school. We made out like crazy every chance we got. She let me get to 2nd base and 3rd base but never would let me penetrate home plate. She used her hands to take me to completion and I did the same for her. But nothing oral and certainly nothing better than that. I didn't mind much. We got along great and made puppy love plans for a forever life together. Until I left for college. She stayed in our hometown and almost immediately got knocked up by some kid in a neighboring town. The way I found out was a little cruel. She mailed me a letter that included the promise ring I gave to her in our senior year. I was devastated. Thankfully, college girls helped me get over her. Not that I was promiscuous in my brief stint at school, because I wasn't, but I was surrounded by pretty girls that provided the distractions I needed to emotionally move forward. A drunken evening with one of those pretty girls ended up in losing my virginity. The next morning together was awkward, so much so that we didn't pursue anything more than our one night of passion. 

I had only been with the one girl when school and I parted paths. However, I had made several good friends there and we stayed in touch. A couple months later one of my buddies invited me back up to the school for a big party. I was working as an outside salesman for the local auto parts store in my hometown and lived in a small apartment on my own. I was bored out of my mind and jumped at the chance to see my buddies, and especially to mingle with some college gals again. It's here that this story really begins.

After helping with retail in the store till mid-afternoon, I quickly showered and hit the highway for Erie. It's a gorgeous drive through hills and valleys for a couple hours. The volume was cranked on my car stereo. Blue Oyster Cult, UFO, Judas Priest and AC/DC cassettes were strewn on the passenger seat of my little stick-shift Toyota. I packed a couple peanut butter & jelly sandwiches and a bag of chips for the ride. I devoured them before I was even halfway to party-town, my appetite for simple nourishment preceding my hunger to party. I lit up a joint and tried not to be distracted by the music and scenery, not an easy task for me, but I made it to town and stubbed out the roach in the ashtray as I entered city traffic. 

I had an address for the party, located in a campground on the outskirts of town, close to the wine country of New York state. My buddy said show up around 6:00pm, and it was almost 7:00 when I pulled up, but I had a hard time finding the campsite for the party. Turns out it was 6 connected campground sites. I guess they expected a blowout gig but there was less than a dozen people there. "It's still early", I reminded myself as I parked and greeted the early crowd. Turns out they needed help, so I pitched in setting up the kegs and wiring up the stereo and speakers. I didn't know anyone there yet but introduced myself by lighting a joint and passing it around. I got some names and shared a few laughs. Darkness started to settle in as the party started getting busy. Cars and pickups pulled up in small caravans, people tumbling out first to pee, then grab a brew. 

I was nursing a beer, sitting on a large rock between 2 tents, scanning the people as they arrived. Car with 4 dudes, pickup with 3 dudes, another car filled with dudes. "Where were all the chicks?" I wondered. Finally I recognized a couple buddies and walked over to catch up with them. We sat down in the dewy grass and chatted about life, which for them was all about college. Joints were passed around, beers refilled, laughter from everywhere surrounding us. Despite being exactly where I wanted to be that night, I was feeling left out. I didn't identify with the college talk anymore. Talk about classes and teachers bored me. I felt disconnected from everyone else. And to make matters worse, dudes outnumbered the girls by at least 10::1. Yeah there were around a hundred people there. Loud rock-n-roll music, beer, weed, hoots and hollers, but only around 10 or so females. 

As the evening wore on and my wall of inhibitions started crumbling, I chatted with a couple of the girls. Soon as they found out that not only was I not a student but I had been expelled from school, they lost any interest in getting to know me. The feeling of discontentment and disconnection grew inside me. I started walking around the campsites, joining in conversations but staying on the perimeter of any emotional sharing. I made a couple new friends that night but knew I would be forgotten the next day. I was down to a handful of joints and suddenly didn't want to waste anymore of my stash with these people. I wanted to leave. Just head back home, put this night behind me, and focus on my future, which was on an entirely different path from everyone at the party. 

I looked around for my buddies but couldn't find them. And as it turns out I never heard from them again. It was just after 2:00am when I said "fuck it" to myself, found my car and decided to head out. I only had a few beers that night, spread out over 6 or 7 hours, so I wasn't feeling too buzzed to drive. I didn't even turn on my car stereo, wanting instead to reflect on my life, the poor choices I'd made, what I could do to turn myself around. Feeling sorry for myself, I lit a joint just as I passed through city limits and entered the highway. It was a pitch-dark, cloudy and moonless night. A driver had to focus on the road as there wasn't any ambient light to help. I had only driven a couple miles when I thought I just passed someone walking along the outer edge of the road, barely visible even though I was concentrating hard. There was nobody else on the highway. No other headlights in sight. I made a decision and pulled over.

Sure enough, around 50 yards behind me I could see the form of someone tentatively walking closer, approaching my car. When he/she was around 20 feet away I could tell it was a girl. I didn't get out of the car. My intent was to ask if I could give her a lift somewhere. I wanted to appear harmless and not scare her away. I guess that worked because she came right up to the open driver's side window and handed me a card.

"My name is Julie. I'm deaf and dumb, not stupid," the card read. I looked at the card, looked through the window at her, and wondered what sort of predicament this person had gotten into. I couldn't decide if she was ridiculously brave, horribly naïve, crazy buzzed, or all of the above. I held up my hands in the 10:00 and 2:00 position and made driving motions, wordlessly asking if she wanted me to drive her somewhere. She looked at me for a few seconds and made the bold decision to accept my offer. She walked around to the passenger side as I opened the door from the inside. She sat down and pulled a notepad from her backpack. 

"My name is Julie," she wrote. "I got separated from my friends at a party and lost them. I go to school at Edinboro University. Can you take to my dorm?"

Edinboro was around 15 miles down the highway. I felt like the proverbial knight in shining armor as I wrote that I would help her out. I mean anyone, anything could have pulled over, and she might not ever be seen again. "This girl is so lucky," I thought. "I'm gonna be the good guy and save her from who knows what."

We wrote back and forth for a few minutes, handing the notepad to each other. I told her my name is Joe and that I was also in Erie to party, but a different party than the one she went to. I explained that I didn't go to school, but she didn't seem to care a bit about that. I think she was just grateful for her fortunate turn of events. Then she made a sniffing sound. I knew she could smell weed in my car, so I asked in writing if she wanted to smoke. "Yes, please" she scrawled on the notepad. So we sat in my car on the side of the deserted highway and smoked a fat doobie of my best weed. I started noticing things about her, that she had blue eyes, a cute smile, shoulder-length brown hair, smelled nice, and looked closely at me as I wrote. We finished the joint and grinned. I started up the car and pulled onto the highway towards a different destination that I had planned. 

I could tell the good weed was hitting Julie smack in her buzz spot. She made giggling noises that I knew she couldn't hear herself, but I could. When I took the Edinboro exit, she turned on the map light and started penning directions to her dorm. "Turn left at the next light." "Go a mile and turn right on Waterford Street." "Go left on University Avenue." "Turn right on Wheeler." "My dorm is called Kessler House on the right." Wheeler Avenue was a short dead-end street with dormitories on either side. Kessler House was the last one. We shared a couple of notes after I parked in front of her dorm. "I hope I don't get in trouble" she wrote. "You'll be fine" I wrote. "Nice meeting you." "Thank you, Joe" she wrote. Then she quickly reached over, kissed my cheek, got out and ran past her dorm into the darkness beyond the end of the street. 

I was stunned, and not entirely from the great buzz. "What the hell is she doing" I wondered. Then I noticed she left her backpack in the grass in front of her dorm. "This is strange as fuck" I thought as I got out of my car, grabbed her backpack and started following the path she had taken. As my eyes started adjusting to the surrounding darkness, I could tell she had led me, or I had followed her, into what appeared to be a small park. I saw something on the ground and picked it up. It was her sandals. A few feet further and I found her blouse. All of a sudden I started to understand what was going on here. 

I found her sitting on top of a picnic table, legs swinging beneath her short frame. She still had on her bra and shorts as well as a big grin. She motioned with her hands for the backpack, which I handed to her with wide staring eyes. She unzipped it and pulled out a blanket, then she hopped off the table and spread the blanket on the grass. She sat down and motioned at me with the crook of her index finger. Oh yes, I was coming down too.

She practically pulled me down onto the blanket. I kinda stumbled and twisted onto my back, where she went straight on top of me and started kissing my face and lips. My frame supported her body as we twisted and ground together, our kisses getting more frantic. She was making the most incredible sexual noises as we kissed. I could feel and hear her hunger, her appetite for the same things I desperately wanted. She sat up and unhooked her bra, thank goodness because it was dark and I was horribly inexperienced. I also sat up and pulled off my shirt, then she plunged back down on me. Her breasts felt heavenly as she pressed against my chest. Our hands were all over each other's bare skin, heating up our passion. Her hand went to my groin, where I was hard as a rock. She grunted in approval. I was getting crazy turned on by this whole event, this deaf and dumb girl who was driving me insane. 

Instincts took over as I moved her onto her back. We quickly lost the rest of our clothes, flung around us like littered rubbish. She grabbed and stroked my hardness, whimpering to be coupled. My hand went between her legs, God she was wet. "Aaah ahhhaaaahh" she cried. I moved over her and plunged deep into her pussy. She clamped her legs around my waist as best she could and we fucked like wild animals. The noises she made were nothing short of amazing. If you could hear the sounds of pure passion in a place where vocabulary didn't exist, these are the sounds you would hear. Indescribable, and utterly erotic. Within only a couple minutes of our wild fucking, I felt the inside of her pussy shudder as she cried out in unmistakable pleasure. I flew straight over the edge and came along with her, both of us grinding, thrashing, unleashing our innermost desires. 

We quickly came down from our sexual peak, tangled bodies under the dark, starry sky. Quick gasps slowed down to deeper breaths. We simply looked at each other and smiled. "She is so beautiful" I reflected. 

This was a strong and confident girl. It was obvious she had overcome debilitating physical disabilities and persevered. She was in college, seemed to be really intelligent, brave and definitely rash enough to risk her well-being when she tried to get back to school from Erie in the middle of the night. I felt a twinge of sadness for her, but she was feeling something different: me. Soon as I felt her touch between my legs, I started to stiffen. A couple minutes of her exploration and I was hard as a rock again. Her face still smiled but her eyes revealed a deep smoky passion. 

She mounted me and took my hardness deep inside. Lying flat against me, I grasped her ass as we grinded and moved and fucked like we were seasoned lovers. She sat up with my cock still inside her wet warmth and started to fuck me like that. Damn she felt good. I reached up, took her breasts in my hands and pinched her nipples, which drove her crazy. She plunged up and down on me, crying out in her noisy, erotic sounds of passion. She climaxed first, collapsing down on me. I wasn't done yet. Quickly I moved behind her. She got on her hands and knees and smiled back to me as I slid inside her sopping pussy. Grasping her hips. I fucked her like a man possessed. Faster, faster, faster, until that overwhelming feeling of no return came over me and I unloaded my orgasm deep inside her. 

Only a moment went by, then she looked at her watch and cried out. No idea what she said, but she was obviously concerned about the time. We gathered up clothes and blanket, got dressed and staggered back to my car. She gave me a really hot goodnight kiss and then grabbed her notepad. "Thank you, Joe!" she wrote, ripped off the page, handed it to me, blew me a kiss, and ran into her dorm. I stood there stunned, not knowing what just happened or what I should do next. 

But what I did do next was to slowly gather my senses, get back in the car, turn it around, and headed back to my apartment an hour away. By the time I arrived it was nearly dawn. "What a weird night" I thought with a huge grin, "This will never happen again." Well, that particular event didn't happen again. I never saw Julie after that night. But I did try to go see her because I couldn't get her out of my mind. So a few weeks later I drove back up to Edinboro University. Not knowing what to do or who to speak to, I parked in front of Kessler House and stood by my car. Then I asked several people in passing if they knew Julie, a deaf and dumb female student. Finally I met one who told me that a couple weeks ago both her parents were killed in a car accident, so Julie had left school. I felt empty as I got back in my car and headed back to the highway. However, I left with the knowledge that I will always look past people's disabilities because something / someone really beautiful and passionate could be hidden inside that person. Maybe it would just take the right situation, or the right person, or perhaps both together, to unlock their door and invite their hidden desires into my world.