 Dean sat at his desk in the office wondering when the day would ever end. Work had been slow and boring for him all week long, and it hadn't helped that things on Lily's side of the office were hopping. They could usually entertain one another with casual conversation over the office messaging system when they weren't busy. Today wasn't one of those days, though.

It made matters worse that Dean's night had been filled with abstract dreams fueled by hunger for his co-worker. Life outside of work had been busy for them both, lately, resulting in it being a week or more since they were last together. He made himself avoid counting the days. That would only add to his frustration, and it was already at dangerous levels.

He picked up his phone and began punching out a message. They almost never texted while at work. It was best to keep things professional, if friendly, at the office. But he couldn't stand it any longer. Dean hit [SEND] and stretched up, looking out his office door and across the cubicles that separated Lily's office from his. He could just barely make out the motion of her picking up her phone. Her back stiffened and he could imagine her eyes going wide as she read.

"I woke this morning needing to fuck you until you could barely breathe and couldn't walk, much less think. I need to mark you, ravage you, make you scream my name until the only thing left inside you is my lust and the knowledge that you belong to me. I need to fuck you. Hard. To own your body in a way that you will never forget. I need to make you cum until it hurts. And then make you do it again. I need to feel your need and hunger submit to my own. I need to feel your dominated body helpless beneath my will."

Lily's eyes were impossibly wide and her cheeks felt like they were on fire. She quickly tapped out a response.

"I'm incredibly turned on. I want to feel you pinning my wrists down... It does something to me..."

Dean was only a little surprised that she replied. She was always the one calming things if he started to get a little too friendly at work. But he knew she had to be aching for release as much as he was.

"Do you prefer pinning over tying, or a combination of the two?" He sent the message before he could consider how absurd it was for him to have to ask that question. It had been more than 2-1/2 years since the night they met and discovered their instant connection. He should know things like that by now.

The question didn't seem to bother Lily. "Pinning. Definitely. It's so hot," came her immediately reply. "Any time you pin me, it gets me riled. Even when I am certain I'm not in the mood."

Dean smiled and tucked the confession at the end away for later use. He knew that pinning her wrists drove Lily crazy and he did it quite reguarly in the heat of the moment. But Dean had never realized how potentially effective it could be without things even having warmed up.

"Agreed. Though once I've dominated you like that, it's preferable to have my hands free to make proper use of my possession."

One hand strayed down to Dean's lap and he wondered if Lily was touching herself, too. He wished he could see that.

"True... But I think I might prefer you telling me not to move my hands. I like when you do the slightly severe, quiet strength thing."

Dean shivered at the thought of Lily obeying his command to stay poised for his use.

"I like that. I really fucking like that. The simmering strength angle always provides a huge release."

"God I want you. I want to hear more."

"I'm tired of texting, Little One. I've got to have you."

"Deeeeean." He could practically hear Lily whining all the way across the office as he read her message. 

"I want to bend you over right now and take what's mine."

"Damn, I need that. I want to hear you growl into my ear as you yank my head back by my hair."

Lily stared at her phone, waiting for a response that never came. She jerked and dropped the phone when she heard her office door shut. She knew it was Dean without having to look up. She could feel the hunger radiating out from him.

Dean locked the door and stared down at Lily. He could smell her excitment. Before she could react, he was on her. He grabbed her by her wrists and tugged her out of her chair, spinning her around to push her face first against the back wall of her office, as far from their co-workers as possible. He stretched her wrists high above her head and growled out a whisper into Lily's ear.

"Don't you dare fucking move."

Lily whimpered softly and her body went taut in shock. Her eyes were huge, white orbs.

"Dean...," she tried to find the will to resist, but simply couldn't. The growing wetness between her thighs was testament to that.

He grabbed a handful of her hair and jerked her head back, growling again.

"I will have what is mine."

He forced her thighs apart with one knee and reached between her legs to grip her in his strong hand. Lily gasped out in shock at the feel of his sudden, rough touch on her heat. Her panties were soaked, so much so that she wondered if Dean could feel the wetness even through her jeans. 

"Tell me who this belongs to, Little One."

She tensed, barely able to breathe. Lily struggled to keep her wrists above her head, wanting to remain in place for him, but knowing they shouldn't be doing this in the office.

"Oh god, we can't."

Dean gave her hair another tug and pulled back his hand for a spank between her thighs, ending the swat with a tight grip on her mound. 

"Fuck!" Lily bit her lip to stifle the sharp cry threatening to rip from her throat. She began to grind down against his hand, gasping for breath.

"Exactly. I can do anything I want to my adorable Little One. And why is that, Lily?" he prompted her, knowing the confession would make her melt.

Lily shook visibly. She could feel herself gushing with wetness.

"You own me... ," she whimpered. "I'm yours."

"Better," Dean whispered and softly kissed her cheek. He kept the tight grip on her hair, forcing Lily's gaze to remain on the wrists she fought to keep pinned over her head. She trembled violently against the wall, almost panting, and Dean began softly petting the soaked fabric over her aching heat.

"Now be more specific. What else belongs to me?"

Lily struggled to breathe. She was blushing furiously, her entire body taking on a pink hue. She turned her head as much as Dean's control would allow and looked into his eyes.

"My pussy belongs to you."

"Yes, my sweet Lily. Your pussy belongs to me."

Dean smiled and kissed her softly, whispering against her lips, "And your delicious cum does, too."

With a subtle tug on Lily's hair, he returned her gaze to her wrists. Dean burrowed into her neck, nipping at her skin as he breathed in her heavy scent.

"You're ready to give it to me, already. I can smell your lust."

Lily sobbed out softly, desperately, and writhed against the wall. Dean's words made her skin quiver, and she watched her wrists start slipping down.

"No no, Little One," came the reprimand, and Dean pulled back his hand to spank the heat between her thighs once more, causing Lily to gasp out sharply. Her body jerked against his and went taut as the punishment was accentuated by the tender brush of Dean's lips over her neck.

"You were told not to move," he whispered sweetly and then smiled as she pressed her wrists into the wall as hard as she could. He rewarded her effort by softly petting over Lily's pussy once more. "Good girl."

"Dean, please...," Lily whimpered and arched her hips into his touch.

Dean pulled his hand from between her thighs and pressed it to the wall beside her. He shifted his hips forward to meet her, pinning her hard against the wall.

"'Please?' Would you like permission to cum, Little One?"

Dean gave her hair another tug, jerking her head back again. With a low growl, he sank his teeth into her neck, marking her instantly.

"Yes!" Lily cried out desperately, loving how Dean made her feel helpless in the face of his hunger, pinned against the wall awaiting his use. She was so incredibly wet for him. The fresh mark on her neck made her drip as she sobbed out his name.

"Dean..."

"All you need do is ask permission."

Dean tenderly kissed his mark and moved both of his hands to her hips. He loosened her jeans, sliding them and her panties down to her knees. The cool office air made her flaming pussy ache even more.

"But once you start, you may not stop. You may not move your wrists an inch. You will stay in your place and be used."

Lily gasped and whimpered, eyes widening as Dean's orders started to sink in. She was getting wetter by the instant.

"Please! Can I cum?"

The last word came out in a squeak as Dean growled and shoved two fingers into her waiting cunt.

"Give me what belongs to me, Little One," he whispered and jerked his wrist back and forth. "Cum!"

Lily bit into her lower lip until she thought it would bleed but couldn't take it any more. Her body reponded eagerly to Dean's command, the pleasure ripping through her, causing her hips to arch sharply. She pressed her wrists to the wall and opened her mouth wide to scream out his name.

"Dea..."

"Shhhhhhh! Not so loud, my darling Lily." He clamped a hand over her mouth and began rhythmically grinding his fingers into her pussy, working them in and out of her dripping heat, coaxing her body into endless orgasm after orgasm. "Do you want everyone to hear me using you?"

Lily sobbed into his hand, unable to repond any other way. She screamed against his palm again and again, unable to hold back, thankful that Dean's control muffled her cries. Her body was going wild against his, twisting and straining desperately with a mind of its own. The pleasure was so intense, but something inside her made her focus on her wrists, determined to exert her will to keep them in place no matter how much of a struggle that proved to be.

"No stopping now, Little One," Dean was whispering in her ear. He kissed her shoulder, her neck. His lips found her cheek in the sweetest contrast to the rough treatment he was giving her pussy. She screamed again as she felt a third finger in her cunt.

"You know me. I demand every drop. You will cum until that is the only thing you know how to do."

She couldn't breathe. All she could do was buck and cum as Dean's honeyed voice sent powerful words to her core.

"Can you keep quiet on your own, Beautiful?

A crooked smile spread over Dean's lips as he gazed down upon her. Lily's eyes were rolled back in her head as she surrendered to the lust taking her. He slowly moved his hand from her mouth, drinking in the shaky gasps that escaped her lips. Lily let out a soft mewl when he kissed her cheek again and slid his hand down her body, tracing over her hip and around between her and the wall. Dean reached low over her mound, middle finger finding her swollen clit. He circled and tapped the heated bud, working toward a steady massage.

"Don't you dare stop cumming, and keep your wrists where they belong."

Lily's eyes went impossibly wide and she jerked uncontrollably, gushing over Dean's fingers.

"I can't," she whined, struggling with her wrists as the spasms ripping through her body erased every last ounce of control.

"Stay still!" Dean growled into Lily's ear and spanked her clit, causing her to buck and twist sharply against him. She buried her face in shoulder, biting her lip in effor to hold back the cry threatening to expose their activities. Dean only intensified his assault. He jerked his wrist back and forth, twisting his fingers inside her, and bit down on her shoulder.

Lily gasped, knees threatening to buckle. She was cumming even harder now, and through the ecstatic haze clouding her mind she realized that the pain in her fingers must be from desperately grasping at the smooth wall in a vain attempt to brace herself by clinging to something, anything.

"Dean...," she somehow managed to breathe out, his name a plea for ... what, she was unsure.

"Enough!" Dean growled and shifted his hands. Fingers slick with Lily's wetness tangled in her hair as Dean's other hand moved from her clit to her throat. He pulled Lily away from the wall, manhandling her around to bend her over the desk. Lily tense in anticipation, shock making her entire body going taut. She didn't have to wait long. Driven by lust, taking only the time to unzip his fly and pull out his rigid cock, Dean slammed his thick shaft in to the hilt. He claimed his darling girl instantly and fully in one savage thrust, stifling Lily's cies with a firm grip on her throat.

Lily's mouth worked in a silence scream that shook her to the core. She sobbed and writhed back against Dean, so unbearably wet and tight around him. It was all too much, the pleasure and pain, she struggled against the myriad sensations.

"Cum!" came Dean's order and Lily had no choice but to obey. Her throat spasmed in Dean's strong hand. His grip made her work for every breath. Screaming was not an option. She felt the office air hit her back when Dean pushed up her shirt. Then he was bending over her, his male strength claiming her feminity. He bit at her shoulders and back again and again, bucking into her forcefully. He ground his hips roughly, stretching Lily's clenching cunt around his cock, her insane wetness making it easy for Dean to rocket in and out.

He tangled his fingers in her hair again and arched Lily's head back with a tug. A subtle shift moved his hand from her throat to her chin and he turned her face to his. Their eyes locked and Dean whispered out his command once more before covering Lily's mouth with his own.

"Cum!"

Lily felt the single, powerful word travel straight from one set of lips to the other. She screamed into Dean's mouth, cumming over and over as he continued to demand it of her. She couldn't stop the sensations ripping through her body if she wanted to, now. Her body belonged to Dean and would repond as he wished. The treatment being given to her pussy made her sob and a tear trickled down her cheek from the intensity of Dean's assault on her body. All she could do now was writhe and cum. She was so very slick with sweat, unable to breathe normally or think.

Dean slid his hand back down to her throat. He didn't bother choking her again. His mere touch was enough. Eyes boring into hers he whispered against her lips.

"Beg me to cum," he coaxed her and kissed her forehead.

"Beg me to fill you," he prompted and pressed his lips to her forehead again.

"Beg me to own you," he commanded and paid sweet attention to her forehead once more.

"Beg me to make it stop."

"Please! Oh god, please, Dean!" she gasped out desperately as he crushed her body against the desk and bucked his hips forward roughly, grinding into her and pinning her in place.

"Please, cum for me. Inside me," she panted. "Own me. Claim me inside out. Please," she mewled. "I can't take any more!"

Her words made Dean's spine stiffen. He growled out his lust and moved his hand from her throat to the small of her back, pinning her hips exactly where he wanted them. His fingers tightened in her hair to tug her head backward. Lily's body arched weirdly and all she could do was receive his cock. He pistoned his hips steadily, driving his thick shaft forward to plow into her tender pussy.

"More!" he growled into her ear.

"Dean... I can't... No more," Lily's sobs answered him. She twisted and writhed, eyes impossibly wide and heart racing so fast she thought it would burst. "Please," she begged. She was so wet, so unbearably tender. Every movement made her go crazy.

"You can do it, Little One," Dean whispered and leaned over her, kissing her forehead as he looked upon her upside down. His lips pressed to her skin in a thousand sweet, tiny kisses while his hips continue to drive forward relentlessly.

"I need to stop, Dean. Please!"

Another tear rolled down Lily's cheek. She felt Dean's hand leave the small of her back to slide around her body and cup her right breast. His thumb and middle finger closed over the aching nipple.

"Once more. Dig deep and cum with me."

"I need your cum. I need it!" Lily sobbed out helplessly, twisting against Dean's hold and shaking her head. "But... I can't... I can't!"

"Once, Little One," he insisted. His voice was soft, calm, almost eerily so. She didn't know how she could obey, but she also knew it would be impossible to resist. His lips were on her forehead in a steady progression of kisses until he suddenly tugged her hair harder. She arched sharply and felt Dean's lips cover hers. His hips moved erratically, now. He was panting against her mouth with each thrust.

"Cum!" he growled and slammed into her, filling her, cumming in wave after explosive wave. He screamed into her, marking her pussy with the brand of his cum.

Lily sobbed uncontrollably and bit her lip to remain as silent as possible. Tears streamed down her cheeks.

"Dean," she whimpered his name over and over, the only word she could think. Her body jerked and shook beneath his of its own accord. Dimly, she realized her face was in Dean's hands and he was kissing her mouth passionately. She melted into him, soft sounds escaping her lips as he kissed away her tears. His hips slowed to a lazy roll and Lily's body instinctively milked his cock for every last drop of cum.

"Oh, my Little One," she heard him say.

"Dean ..." Lily's voice was all mewls and gasps and quivering breaths. She shuddered with random aftershocks, kissing him back and finally going completely limp beneath him.

Dean fought to catch his breath and took an unsteady step back away from Lily. The front of his jeans were soaked with her juices, but he didn't care. He sat down in Lily's chair and guided her into his lap, cradling her to his chest and softly stroking her hair.

"My sweet Little One."

Lily pressed her face into his neck, and tried to control her breathing. She curled close, her entire body so very tender. Dean smiled down at her and kissed the top of her head as he played with her hair. His fingertips lightly caressed her cheek and she could smell herself on him.

"I needed you desperately, Little One," Dean whispered and kissed her hair again.

"Me, too." Lily murmed with a little smile. She stretched and nuzzled into his neck, giggling as she realized the mess that Dean's lap must be. "I'm dripping."

Dean grinned widely and shrugged, knowing they had both gotten exactly what they needed today. He wrapped both arms around Lily and held her close, talking to her softly as they waited for the office to empty so they could sneak out. Tonight would be a quiet one after their office antics, but that was good. Dean always preferred to take her only once he was fully rested, and he was already looking forward to the next time.