 We took a cab back to the campus and made our way to our new apartment, kissing as we entered the door. Much of my stuff was still packed but the bed had been moved into the bedroom though it was still unmade. I told Annie I would find the sheets, pillows and take care of the bed while she went to the bathroom if she wanted.

I made the bed and quickly stripped down to my shorts. I heard Annie rummaging around in the living room and went to see what she was up to. I found her in nothing but a thong, which was pretty interesting since she hadn't been wearing any underwear at dinner and I knew it wasn't mine. Annie was lighting some candles in the living room. I went over to her and kissed her on the back of the neck. 

"Where did you get those?" referring to the thong. 

"I brought them along because I thought you might like them, she said. You likey?" 

"Mmmmh, I likey," I moaned. 

Her sweet, wet lips found mine and I quickly inhaled the warm fragrance surrounding my beautiful Annie. I put my arms around her and felt her supple body press into mine while my hands moved to hold her ass cheeks, pulling her close so our bodies matched each other's nooks and crannies. Ever since I met Annie, I could see she had the most perfectly shaped ass of any woman I ever dated. Now, in my hands, I could feel it was smooth and firm. I could hardly wait to see it close up and in better light but there was no way I wanted to break the mood.

Her naked breasts pressed against me and I could feel my prick harden further as her warm boobs mashed against my chest. She wrapped her arms around my neck and we melted into a hot kiss with her tongue probing me. Breaking the kiss Annie dropped to the floor like a feather falling on a summer day's breeze. She glanced up at me to ensure I was watching. My eyes were glued to her every movement. On her hands and knees she moved across the floor, toward the bedroom, on all fours. That perfect ass swaying back and forth in an exaggerated fashion meant clearly for seduction. Her large pussy lips, bulging against the fabric of her thong, were very visible and the uncharacteristic lewdness of the moments kept my eyes riveted to her body. Her long arms established a slow, cat-like gait causing her breasts to swing below her. As she entered the bedroom door the light silhouetted her erect nipples. I never wanted anyone so much in my life. I slipped off my briefs and followed Annie into the bedroom; thanking god it was time for my dick to take command.

Annie was lying lengthwise on the end of the bed with her head propped up on her bent arm looking at me. My cock was standing straight up in a full heart pounding erection. "My, she said, you are a big boy. I like big boys. There is so much to play with."

"Annie, I can't believe how fucking hot you look," I said. "It has been a such a long time but now I really need to fuck you."

"Slow down, Annie said. We need to get a few ground rules straight."

"What? What are you talking about," was my reply, unable to grasp why there needed to establish ground rules for sex? When you fall in love with someone isn't the next step to jump their bones and have mind blowing sex? 

"What's the point of ground rules unless your going to tell me I can't cum in your mouth? Okay, I could live with that. We'll just substitute something else like cuming on those magnificent boobs," as I tried desperately to negotiate my way into the bed. 

I couldn't believe I was this close and everything could come to a screeching halt. My dick was never going to forgive me if I screwed this up. My mind raced with previous girlfriend sex dos and don'ts. There was the one that never let me touch her asshole and the one who had to have sex with a bra on because she saw it in a movie once and thought is was sophisticated. I thought she was just up tight. Also, the girl that wouldn't let me touch her, even kiss her, when she had her period because her mom made her use a pad growing up and she thought it made her gross and disgusting. Annie was different. She was free and uninhibited. What kind of rule could she have?

"I just want to tell you before this gets too far that if we have sex I have to be in complete control and you must do whatever I tell you to. Is that understood," Annie said?

Now that really got me thinking. Before we get too far? We're already too far. I was WAY over the top. I was in a sex trance. Annie had been teasing me with sex or the prospect of sex for the past seven months and tonight she told me she was going to seduce me and then she fucking spread her legs to show me her pussy. If that isn't fucking going too far what is? And what does she mean by being in complete control. Does she want to be on top? No problem, any position she likes but even with all these questions, all I could muster in response was 

"Okay, sure." 

At this point, my dick was doing all the thinking. No questions, no concerns, who cares about the ramifications, who cares what she is feeling, the only thing that matters right now is to slide my cock into the slippery hole we call, pussy. Fuck it; I'll take some lube and the warm recesses between her breasts. It 's more interesting than beating off but something is better than nothing.

"Good, I was hoping you would say that," Annie replied. 

I advanced toward Annie crossing the Rubicon that was the distance between the bed and myself. I slid up to her hoping she wasn't going to stop my advances. My hands began the move to her breasts. Her soft, firm and warm boobs felt like the sweetest things I had ever touched as I started kneading them. I kissed her and Annie kissed back, hard, moving her left arm around my neck. I continued to caress her boobs. As we kissed she bit down on my lower lip, not so hard that it really hurt, but I did notice. Annie pulled away from me now and sat up in bed. She slipped the thong slowly down over her ass, knelt and put it over my head so the crotch was over my face. I could smell her scent on the material and it was pure sweetness. She scooted back to the head of the bed and leaned back against the pillows facing me. Her legs were together and then like a pedal opening as she spread her legs wide in front of me, legs extended in the air, while I just stood there and looked in awe. My eyes must have been bulging out and I could see that she was excited, too because her labia were large and swollen like an orchid with its petals extended. Her lips looked thick, red and moist like they had been slapped a few times. The hood of her clit was pulled back as her clit extended outward, a little mound of joy. Just full enough so you could find it without having to look hard.

"Lick my ass," Annie said with an distinct tone of command in her voice. 

"What," I said and suddenly I was snapped out of my sexual fog? 

"I said Lick...My...Ass," she repeated emphasizing each word!

"Annie, you're really hot and I would do just about anything but I've got to say I'm not really into that...I mean, didn't you just use the bathroom?"

"I just told you I was in charge and you said, okay. So now I'm telling you to Lick My Ass. You can do what I tell you to do, or we don't really need to have sex. And NO, I don't think it is gross. Are you telling me you think my ass is gross? Is that what your trying to say, Jack?"

"No you have a beautiful ass, but are you telling me you won't have sex unless I lick your ass," I asked Annie? 

She sat up on the bed cross-legged and her arms crossed under her breasts like a queen on a throne.

"That's just what I'm telling you. You can choose to do what I tell you, now and every time, or NO SEX, plain and simple. If you CHOOSE to obey me then we will have more sex than you ever imagined but I decide when and how. I am telling you that if you want to have sex with me, you will do whatever I tell you to do and as soon as I tell you to do it."

"You mean I am suppose to be your slave?"

"No, not my slave, it's just this is the only way I can be comfortable having sex. If you want me at all, even once, it's on my terms and then afterward I own your cock. It only goes where I tell it and when I tell it. You do what I want and when I want. I will never humiliate you in front of others but make no mistake you are giving yourself to me. In exchange, I think you will agree it will be the most pleasant sex you have ever had," Annie replied. 

"So what's your answer because you won't get this offer again? 

I thought about the past several months. Could I have seen this coming? Sure Annie was demanding at times but for the most part she was a real flirt and had that strong exhibitionist side I loved. She had been really cautious about not having sex and hadn't moved anything into this apartment. I realized now that Annie had been getting me to commit to everything while she held back; the relationship, the apartment, sex, telling her I loved her, everything. On the other hand what could be so bad about doing whatever she told me to do in bed...might be kind of fun. She would probably get tired of it after a while and then we would drift back to normality. On the other hand, what did she have it mind? I hadn't even had sex with her once and she wants me to start off by licking her ass. It seemed a little extreme so where would it go from there? Don't you have to warm up to that kind of thing? What was this suppose to be some plan to show me who was boss? Actually, she was showing me who was boss. How was that different than any other relationship? Ultimately the woman decides when and where to have sex, it's just not so out in the open. I suppose licking her butt cheeks wouldn't be so bad. They look good enough to eat anyway. After all her ass was perfect. I guess I don't have any real problem doing a few kinky things for her in exchange for some good sex.

"Okay," I said again. 

"Okay, what," Annie asked? 

"Okay, I'll do what ever you tell me to do or be your sex servant or what ever you want to call it, I replied. You know Annie, I do love you," I said. 

As soon as I said I love you in that situation, it sounded really wimpy like I was trying to get the judge to commute the sentence. Man, did I really have to beg for sex? I was pathetic, a Bassett hound with my tongue hanging out hoping I get a little affection. What is it about sex that makes men always seem like they are begging? Either that or they are viewed as an aggressor, unfeeling and insensitive.

"We shall see," was all Annie said. 

Then Annie looked at me with a pleasure I had never seen from a women. That look that says 'you are going to get so fucking screwed tonight you won't even be able to walk.' I couldn't decide if that was a good thing or bad but I wasn't going to back away now.

Annie came to the bottom of the bed. I was still kneeling so her pussy was now about the height of my face. The thick aroma of her wetness hit me square in the face and I could feel the knot of sexual tension building in my stomach and my cock was again standing straight up. Boy did I need sex. Annie spread her legs in front of me and took the top of my head and pulled it to her pussy. She rubbed my face up, down and all around her wetness. This wasn't so bad, I began thinking, and in fact it was damn nice, a little messy but really nice. She made small circles with her hips rubbing me with her body. Now I could sense that Annie too, was getting more excited.

"Get on the bed, Annie demanded, and lay face up with your head at the bottom of the bed." I complied with her instructions. 

Annie climbed on the bed and knelt with her ass now poised over my face. 

"Your going to eat my ass and if I don't like what your doing I'm going smother you until I am happy with your efforts. Do you understand," Annie asked? 

"Yes," answering meekly.

"You're going to continue to eat my ass out until I am as clean as a washed baby's bottom, Annie warned. And if you don't enjoy this now you had better learn to enjoy it because I love having my ass eaten."

Already the slightly musky smell of her ass hit me and the reality of the situation became immediately apparent. Annie wasn't at all interested in being kissing on her butt cheeks; she wanted a complete tongue job, crack and all. She was seconds from pushing my nose and face straight up her ass so I could lick her butt hole. She not only wanted a rim job but an anal licking with full asshole penetration. I was immediately repulsed. Now don't get me wrong, Annie was a really hot girl and in my heightened state of horniness I was ready to do almost anything but this set off perversion bells in my head. So when her ass plunked itself down on my face, I was less that enthusiastic and tried to appease her with a modest attempt at a rim job. Annie was having none of it. She soon realized I wasn't getting into to the spirit of the activity and taking her hands she spread her ass cheeks and pressed herself down on my face, hard. She clamped her ass down so the pressure from her ass closed my nostrils tight. In a few seconds, I got the message and in desperation pushed my tongue deep into her asshole. In, out and around, I started making love to Annie's ass and she finally relented but kept her cheeks secure enough while still allowing me air. While I worked her ass, Annie fingered her pussy and moved all over my face. Her lubrication began rolling non-stop onto me. This made quite a gooey mess mixed with my saliva. With her hands on my chest Annie rubbed herself over me from asshole to clit and it seemed my face was her personal dildo. My tongue was covered with a mix of pussy juice and the distinctive tartness of ass. At this point, I was torn between the incredible and amazing erotic nature of the situation and my aversion to being used as a wimpy ass-eater.

The rest of the night and into the early hours of the morning, sex with Annie was incredibly intense and physical. She was the kind of girl that didn't just lie there. She was aggressive and dominating in bed and on several occasions I had to slow her down because I thought she was going to tear my balls off. My balls hang low in my scrotum so there is plenty to play with and Annie took great pleasure in squeezing and pulling my balls till they ached. Some of the ball play got too extreme with the pulling and twisting that on two occasions I had to beg her to stop because I felt like I would pass out. Finally, after I had given her several orgasms, feeling like my ball had been hit with a hammer and taken on the new job of being her personal asshole washer Annie told me to come in her.

Annie was creative and exciting and her style of sex was marked by passion and intensity that even at this point in the evening she kept me hard. As Annie lay under me, I entered her about three in the morning. She was soft, warm and wet but her multiple orgasms, and her heightened sexual state allowed my insertion with little force. I had been with a few women and most of the time that first push resulted in some pain for them. Annie seems to revel in the feeling of my cock sliding in and out of her. She pulled me close and wrapped her long, thin legs around me; she grabbed my butt cheeks pulling me close. I could feel her sweaty, pubic fur again me, her slick breasts heaving below me, her arms draped from my neck and for the first time in the evening I felt really one with Annie. We had been going at it for many hours and our sweaty bodies easily slid against each other. It was like the rest of the stuff we had gone through was so she could get to this point, completely emptied of the need to dominate, and giving of herself completely. I slowly moved my dick in and out of her pussy, careful to prolong these precious moment.

Looking into my eyes, Annie told me she needed to feel my dick deep inside her. 

"Bang my cervix with your cock. I want to feel you." 

She wanted my warm juice to splash on her wall and then feel my fluids squishing in her pussy. Annie turned me on like I had never been turned on before. I leaned in to kiss her just as she exploded in orgasm and she squeezed me hard, her nails dug into my legs puncturing me in a few places. This forced me to speed my thrusts hoping to cum before her orgasm faded. In a few more seconds, I was spraying my cum deep in her right against her cervix.

I collapsed on Annie in that moment of sexual glow with my dick still in her pussy. I rolled to her right while she was still wrapped around me and our glands remained joined until finally I deflated and slipped out of her pussy. In a blinding moment of understanding I knew I would do anything to have this kind of sex again. Who knows what her kinky mind would come up with but she had me hooked.