 Jim Stephenson was not a people person. He had inherited the dealership from his father who had made a fortune in the post-war years when dealers could not get cars fast enough to fill their orders. A new car sold for almost double its suggested list price.

When Jim took over the business from his father they were selling over a hundred new units per month and as many used off the used lot. The dealership employed over a hundred people and carried a six million dollar inventory.

There were certain perks being the dealer's live-in lover. I had been promoted from salesperson to New Car manager. Along with the promotion came a doubling of my salary and a choice of a top of the line automobile as my company supplied car.

I shared Jim's sprawling ranch-house located in the Ceder forest of the Beverly Woods, an exclusive patch of wilderness north of the city where the who's-who lived their private lives.

Jim had purchased the large house complete with an in-ground pool and guest house for just under three million from the previous owner, the proprietor of a large fast food franchise. It was an ideal location for entertaining our friends and business associates. 

Of course there was a down side of my liason with Stephenson, he was not the most handsome man that I could have hoped for. Standing only five foot seven with a caved-in forehead he did not present an impressive figure of a man. Stephenson suffered from a lack of self-confidence and tended to avoid problems rather than confront them. Having me as a trophy-wife on his arm helped bolster his confidence. 

Part of the duties of the New Car Manager was handling the "House Deals'. House deals were deals with no salesperson's commission involved, either buyers who wanted to deal directly with the dealership in hopes of getting a better deal or fleet accounts.

I was dealing with the purchasing agent for a fairly large stationery company that wanted us to put a bid in on fifteen units, five sedans and ten minivans. The sale would be close to half a million dollars with a tidy bundle for the dealership. 

The purchasing agent for Bunting-Gillis was a large older fellow name Fred Peacock. Fred was in his late fifties or early sixties and completely bald. He stood well over six foot and looked about two hundred and fifty pounds. 

Peacock was a jovial fellow and easy enough to do business with but for such a large purchase he expected me to throw him a bone, to be specific all of mine. It would be an opportunity for him to screw a not bad looking twenty-seven-year-old blond with a dynamite body. Fred knew in order to get the deal I would be willing to drop my panties. 

Fred chose the Town and Country Motel on the motel strip leading into the city. The Town and Country was a better class motel with nicely furnished air-conditioned rooms. Fred booked the room for the entire afternoon and hung the "Do not disturb" card on the doorknob as we entered.

Knowing Peacock expected a lady rather than a hooker I had deliberately dressed conservatively as if it were another day at the office. A Navy skirt-suit over a white blouse and my finest lingerie.

I thew my jacket over the back of the black leather chair and began unbuttoning the forint of my blouse. Peacock's eyes were fastened to my cleavage as the front of my blouse opened revealing my overflowing white satin bra. The bra was demi-cup allowing the top hemispheres of my breasts to remain bare, revealing a hint of the pink aureole of my nipples threatening to pop out. 

Unfastening the final button I pulled the blouse out from my skirt and peeled the sleeves off of my arms. I casually peeled the blouse off and tossed it on top of my jacket.

Peacock continued to watch as I pinched the front fastener on the bra allowing the cups to pop open and their precious cargo to tumble out into his view. Fred's eyes were treated to an un-obstructed view of my bared 38C tits. My boobs were creamy mounds of alabaster white skin crowned by large pink nipples. My teats were like giant pencil erasure jutting out half-an-inch from the aureole. I knew Fred was already imagining what it would be like to wrap his lips around them.

As he admired my naked breasts my hand unfastened my skirt and I allowed it to drop to the floor around my ankles. Casually I stepped out of the pile of Italian linen ands kicked it aside. I now stood before Peacock proudly in my snow-white silk panties and a pair of thigh-high stockings suspended by a scarlet garter belt. My four inch heels made my shapely legs rise up to that heaven hidden by my panties.

I dropped to my knees on the plush carpet before where my awe-struck admirer stood.

Peacock did not protest as I unfastened his trousers and reached in to extract his rock hard cock.

Peacock was a big man in many ways, his fully erect cock must have exceeded ten inches with its shiny mushroom-shape helmet. I guided him to my lips.

Cocks always feel bigger when they are in your mouth than when you look at them. Fred';s cock slid across my tongue like a the trunk of a gigantic tree. Inch after inch it passed between my lips as the massive cockhead journeyed towards my throat.

I knew it was crucial to keep my chin up so Fred's cockhead could find its way into my throat without blocking my air passage. Years of sucking cocks had taught me how to deep-throat the biggest of cocks, I felt Peacock's pubic hair tickle my lips as the last inch entered my head.

Fred gently cradled my head in his hands as my mouth began to bob up and down on his shaft. He emitted a low moan as my cheeks concave in, my tongue swirled up and around his meat and I began to gobble his cock.

I rolled Fred's balls gently in my hand knowing they contained the salty brine that was soon to fill my mouth.

Fred's huge cock was no stranger to my mouth, his company usually made a large purchase each year and I would reward him for giving us the deal by allowing his to drain his balls down my throat. My belly had been filled with Fred's cum several times before.

I took home Fred's signature on the dotted line and a mouth tasting of his salty cum. It had been a rewarding afternoon for both of us, Fred had done me in the ass before we parted which was his custom.

I was sitting at the computer entering orders when Jim came by.

"How did the Bunting-Gillis deal go?" he asked.

"Great," I said, Fred says they are going to need a seven-ton van soon."

Jim smiled, he was pleased to barter my favors for profit.

Stan Jackson was just plain animal sex. I had "discovered" Stan at the dealership's Christmas Party after I had a tad too much to drink.

Stan was a mechanic in the Service Department, an ex Royal Marine. Stan had been the first black man admitted to the elite British regiment. Stan had immigrated to Canada with his wife and started a family in a neat bungalow not far from the dealership. Robin Jackson, Stan's wife, was a petite attractive black woman who had produced two children with Stan.

Like I said we had met at the Christmas Party and I had ended up in the backseat of Stan's car in the parking lot with ten inches of black cock stretching my pussy. The sex had been fantastic with Stan giving me multiple orgasms. After that night we regularly spent a couple of afternoons a week at a motel where Stan would fulfill his Mr. Goodwrench role slamming his Johnson bar deep inside my white pussy.

It was a typical afternoon at the Red Rose Motel, Stan's beautiful black cock was slick with my pussy juice as I offered him my ass. His slick cock spread my asshole open and slid into me like it had so many times before. Stan was doing me like a dog and loved how his hand came around and strummed my clitoris as his monster slid in and out of my dirt-chute. 

"Ah yes fuck me!" I pleaded as my tits swung like huge pendulums hanging from my chest.

I always fucked Stan bare cock, my diaphragm was still in my purse. It was exciting, like playing Russian Roulette with his potent cock spraying black baby seeds so close to my garden. We both realized the consequences of the game we played knowing that the slightest misjudgment could result in pregnancy and I would taunt him begging his to cum into me.

So far Stan had been strong and managed to withdraw in time to spill his thick creamy jism over my belly or into my mouth. That was one of the reasons he liked fucking my ass, he could pump gallons of his cum into my ass with impunity. He also like the way my sphincter gripped his cock like a human vise not wanting to let it escape. 

As I rocked back and forth on Stan's shaft his cock penetrated me to the deepest depths of my ass. I imagined that when I opened my mouth to scream the head of his mighty cock could come popping out at any time. 

It had been a rough night. Both Peter and Louis had demanded a lot of my body.

I had launched the contest to reward the top producing salesman of the month with being his dinner date and spending a night with him in one op the town's top hotels. Everyone expected Louis Luconuvich to win as Louis had a record of being the top producer for ten months of the year. No one expected Peter Weddles to close several sweetheart deals that tied him with Luconuvich. What to do? Two winners,two dinner dates, two guys fucking me all night at the hotel. We decided that we would have a "threesome" rather that two separate nights. 

Luconuvich was a Hungarian immigrant in his fifties. He was fairly well off being a top salesman and stated he made more money as a salesman than he would as the dealer with less responsibility. Louis had a large ethnic clientele who trusted him explicitly. He could sell a car sight unseen to a customer in another city over the telephone.

Peter Weddles was an early thirties bachelor. It was not that he didn't like women he just didn't have the knock of getting intimate with females. Pete was a bit on the chubby side with wild bushy hair but he had a great personality.

The dinner at The Matador Steak House was quite scrumptious as we chatted over Filet Mignon and lobster while we consumed a couple of bottles of 1971 Dom Perrion. All through the meal the guys were sizing me up knowing before the night was over they would have their cocks in me. They tried not to appear to rush through dinner but I knew they were looking forward to desert. Finally we left the restaurant and headed for the hotel.

The Royal Connaught is a grand old lady of hotels. Built in an era when railway tycoons the elite enjoyed the good life everything was big and lavish. The suite I had reserved was furnished in turn-of-the-century mahogany furnishings and the largest canopy bed I had ever seen dominated the room. 

I had dressed with whetting the guys' appetite for me in mind. Sexy underwear, a skimpy silver silk half-bra supporting my 36C breasts with matching French high-cut panties. A black garter belt supported my charcoal color thigh highs. As my strapless black sheath dress fell into a rumble pile around my ankles I stood before my lovers displaying my pale white body. 

My front-fastening bra popped open freeing my creamy mounds and revealing my delicious pink nipples to my lovers. Discarding the bra I hooked my thumbs under the waistband of my panties and peeled them down over my hips. I had put my panties on over the garter belt so as I slid them down my legs a revealed my puffy pussy lips that had been just freshly waxed for the occasion.

I now stood proudly naked wearing only stockings, my four inch heels and a smile.

"Who wants some?" I asked my mesmerized admirers.

Louis and Pete had already began shedding their clothes. Pete was the first to remove his shorts and reveal his cock to me. He was not too long but fat, the kind I liked to feel in me.

"Bring that here!" I smiled at him.

Pete walked over to where I stood with his boner in his hand. I dropped to my knees placing my mouth at the level of his cock. Opening my mouth wide he guided his hard cock right into my warm welcoming mouth. My lips sealed around his meat and I inhaled deeply as my tongue caressed his throbbing member.

Peter's cock came alive inside my head, his hips thrusting it in and out between my lips. His hands held my head firmly as he fucked my face.

In the corner of my eye I saw Luconuvich moving around behind me. As I sucked Weddles' cock I felt Louis' cockhead slid down my back heading towards my ass. I raised myself up somewhat on my knees allowing him a better angle to enter me. 

Louis' cockhead spread my ass cheeks and slid into me like a handle into a bumper jack. With his cock fully buried in me he began to ratchet my ass.

Luconuvich's cock pushed my head further onto Weddles' cock forcing him further down my throat. Back in my college days I had learned how to take a cock partway down my throat without gagging so the two cocks were soon comfortably buried in me.

We fell into a synchronized rhythm with the two cocks sliding in and out as my body rocked back and forth on their meat sticks.

Peter came first spurting his salty brine down my throat to fill my belly with his seed. I gulped his cum down like it was escargot.

My asshole had relaxed and Louis was plunging into me right up to the base of his cock, time after time he slammed his pole into my ass. I sensed he was about to blow a load of his snot into my bowels as I accepted his plunges. 

I could feel Luconuvich explode in me like a volcano, his boiling lava filling my dirt chute as he emptied his balls into me.

For the next two hours I was slave to their cocks taking them again and again into every one of my orifices. At one point Pete pulled his cock out of my mouth while I was sucking it and gave me an eye wash with his thick, sticky cum.

The story of our night became a legend around the dealership with everyone waiting for the next contest.