 This is chapter 3 of Dean and Marie- Her little bag of tricks. You need to read the first two chapters before reading on for any of this to make sense. Of course as always everyone is over 18 and then some. This story contains spanking, paddling, anal play, toys, and a golf club. If it is not something that you are interested in there are plenty of stories here at Literotica to please you. Thanks, Dean

Chapter 3: Her bag full of tricks

Marie could not believe the she and Dean had fallen asleep in front of the fire and slept on the rug all night. She could not remember when she had slept so soundly. Dean must have slept just as soundly because she was able to get away from him even with his arm draped over her as he slept. Marie got up and started the coffee and then went through the fridge looking for something to make for breakfast. Marie knew that one of Dean's favorite meals for breakfast was both bacon and eggs, with hash browns or biscuits and gravy also with hash browns. She could swear the man was could live on potatoes alone. He once told her that he ate about 10 pounds of potatoes a week by himself. 

Marie decided that today they were having bacon and eggs with hash browns because she simply did not want to have to make biscuits this morning and in all her haste to pack she did not think to buy the canned ones. Marie got started on the breakfast and was just getting ready to plate it when she saw Dean begin to stir.

"Wake up sleepy head we have a big day ahead of us and you are not going to spend it all sleeping." Marie chided at Dean to get him up and around. Dean just rolled over and groaned and tried to go back to sleep. Marie was having none of that so she just walked over and yanked what little blanket Dean had left off of him.

To Marie's dismay he said nothing. He just laid there and drifted off again. No noise, no complaint, just lights out. Marie of course not to be outdone simply walked to the sink, filled a glass of water and dumped it right on his crotch. Dean immediately came alive with a torrent of "What the hell was that for I was getting up in my own good time. You are going to pay for that one missy."

"Not today I'm not." Marie Chided. "Today is my day to play and you are going to get a few extra for going back to sleep. Now get you butt to the table mister cause I have a full day planned for both of us and I plan on enjoying every second of it." Marie stated quite proud of herself. 

Dean got up off the floor and walked to the table and sat down ready to eat his breakfast when Marie looked at him and said, "Don't you think you're forgetting something?"

Dean gave her a puzzled look and said, "Nothing that I can think of at the moment so let's eat."

Sometimes you really are a goof you know. Go get some clothes on. I am not going to sit here and eat breakfast with a naked man at the table." Marie said in an exasperated tone.

"Well you weren't complaining last night about me being naked so I don't see what the problem is now." Dean was quick to remark.

"You can really tick me off sometimes you know that. There is a big difference between food and sex and right now we are eating food so go get some clothes on." Marie said with a bit of jest.

"Hey we can save time and just combine the two. We can have sex and eat at the same time. You just lay on the table and I will put my breakfast in a few select spots and we can both have a great time." Dean said with a laugh.

"Okay that's it, today is my day and you are wearing clothes to breakfast or you are not eating." Marie said as she grabbed a kitchen towel and started to swirl it getting ready to take aim again.

Dean immediately ran for the bedroom and safety because one Marie was a good shot and two, he did not have a stich of clothes on and he knew it would be painful. After changing Dean calmly walked into the kitchen looking for Marie in hopes that she was not trying to ambush him. He discovered she was on the phone. That was one well timed phone call Dean thought to himself as he sat down at the table and started eating. Marie was not on the phone very long and Dean asked her who she was talking to. 

"Oh that was just Mr. Matthew's" Marie replied.

Dean just about choked on his food and then he looked up with a bit of concern and asked what the boss wanted. Marie said nothing; she just simply sat down and started eating her breakfast.

Dean gave her a look and she then replied, "Mr. Matthews just wanted to know how the conference was going and asked what room we were in. I told him we were staying with relatives to save the company money and then he remembered that was why he decided to let us go in the first place." "There is nothing to worry about." Marie continued.

Dean and Marie sat in relevant silence and finished their breakfast. As soon as they were finished they both got up and cleaned up the dishes and put everything away just like they had done this many times before. Of course they had not ever been together at least not in this sense. Dean asked Marie what they were going to do today and she said, "Oh we are just going to take a walk around the lake." 

Dean was a bit curious and asked her just how far it was around this lake and she told him almost a mile to go all the way around it. It was not exactly a lake but it was a 23 acre pond that her grandfather had built many years before. Marie loved coming here and she spent a great deal of time with her grandfather fishing in the lake and just exploring the 118 acres that went with the property. There were trails cut through the timber in every direction so you go actually walk all day to cover them all. Marie just loved it here and when her grandfather passed away he left the property to Marie.

Marie and her grandfather always talked about putting a cabin up on the property but her grandfather never got to that part before he passed. He always stayed in a run-down camper every time he came here. Marie had the cabin built in remembrance of her grandfather and she aptly named it Gramp's place and had a sign over the door so everyone that came here would know it. Dean asked her some questions about the history of the place and she told him everything about it he wanted to know and more. She just beamed at him as she talked about it and her grandfather. Dean made a note to self, with a smile on his face, to never say anything bad about her grandfather or he would be hitching a ride back to town.

"What are you smirking about?" asked Marie.

"Oh nothing that I want to explain right now, but maybe later." Dean said, hoping she would leave it alone. It was time for the walk around the lake and Marie looked at Dean and told him that they were taking the short loop around the lake but he was to pay careful attention to what she showed him as they walked. "I am going to point out several items on the walk and you need to remember where they are located." Marie told Dean as they began the walk.

"What am I looking for exactly?" Dean asked.

"I told you I would point them out for you as we go, you just need to remember where they are located." Marie repeated again.

As they were walking for about 10 minutes Marie turned to Dean and said, "Number One.""

Dean looked at the post with the wooden box on top of it and said, "Is this something your grandfather put up out here." 

Marie looked at him and chuckled and then replied "Oh yes it is something he put out here but I am using it for a very different reason than what grandfather ever thought of using it. As a matter of fact he is probably up there watching as we do this laughing his head off this very minute."

Dean was not sure what Marie was up to but he had a feeling that it was aimed right at him and it was driving him nuts. Marie turned again about another 10 minutes later and said "Number Two."

They kept walking along on the trail around the lake until Marie had shown him five of the boxes. She looked at him and said, "Your lucky there is only one more box and then we have about ten minutes to get back to the cabin."

Dean did not say anything he just kept following along as they went down the path till they got to number six. Being a bit of a smartass he looked at Marie and said. "Oh goody I'll bet that is number six."

Marie laughed and told him that indeed it was number six but then Dean looked at it and discovered that it was about four feet tall and about a foot wide while the others were only about a foot square. 

Dean asked Marie why the difference in that one box and she replied, "Oh goody I bet that is number six, and don't you forget it buster because when you see what it is I will be the one at the cabin laughing when you come walking back. Good luck carrying it." She said with a great deal of laughter. 

They arrived back at the camp and it was still only about nine in the morning so Marie looked at Dean and told him he should go enjoy himself and fish for a while since she had things to do to get ready for this evening. Dean was eager to go fishing but not that thrilled that Marie had all that time to plan out what she was going to do to him later. Knowing there was nothing he could do about it he grabbed the fishing gear and headed toward the lake. Marie opened the door after him and said, "Just so you know the fishing is best on the other side of the point back in the trees. The bass are really good back there."

Dean told her thanks and got in the boat and then hollered back at Marie, "When will I know to come back?"

Marie replied, "That won't be a problem it is a short walk down the path so I will come and get you."

Dean got in the boat and started the motor and pulled in around the point into the trees and started to fish. It was not very long and he had caught five really nice bass and then decided that it was a great place to take a nap. After all he already had his limits and Marie had woken him up early this morning. Besides I won't sleep that long and she will never know. Dean leaned back in the chair and was asleep in a few minutes. The next thing he heard was Marie yelling, "Mr. Murphy why are you sleeping and not fishing. I told you that you could fish and I did not mean to come down here and take a nap."

"I really did not see any harm in it after all I already got my limit right after I got here so I really could not fish any longer." Dean replied quickly.

Marie gave him a look and said, "Don't give me that crap this is a private pond and you know there are not any limits on it."

Dean had no idea what to say to that since he really did not think Marie would know about the limits on fish. He just shrugged his shoulders and told her he would be to the cabin shortly.

Marie quickly said, "Oh no buster you come over here and get me so that I don't have to walk back. There is a place right over here where grandpa used to pick me up when he went fishing and I was still asleep when he left."

Dean started the motor and went to the spot Marie was indicating so that she could get in the boat. He got close and he threw her the rope and she pulled him up on shore a little ways and started to get in the boat. She had one foot in the boat and Dean was looking the other way and turned just as she was stepping in when he heard "SPLASH."

Dean did not know what to say. Marie came up out of the waste deep water and said "What the hell were you trying to prove? That you could get me wet or piss me off or see if you could get your jollies or all three."

Dean tried several times to apologize but Marie was having none of it. He helped her in the boat and sat quietly while she continued to berate him for tipping the boat while she was trying to get in. Dean tried to control himself as much as he could but finally he started to laugh and then Marie turned to him and started to laugh. Dean finally said "I am glad that you finally see the humor in this and you not mad at me anymore."

"Oh I was never mad at you in the first place I still think it was a bonehead move on your part." Marie stated quite emphatically. 

Dean had a puzzled look on his face and finally said, "What were you laughing at then?"

"Oh I was laughing at how red your ass is going to be tonight when I am finished with it. You just earned yourself another 30 whacks on your ass with my paddle and I don't care if you say yellow or not." Marie said with a laugh.

Dean knew at this point he was probably in more trouble than he wanted to be in but he really did not have a choice. 

Marie told Dean that when he got the fish cleaned he was to take a shower and then meet her in the living room so that they could start his little punishment session. Dean simply nodded his head as he headed to clean the fish. Once he was finished he went straight to the shower because he did not want to incur any more wrath than he already had for one day. 

Once he was out of the shower he went into the living room and saw Marie sitting there waiting for him. She asked him if he was ready to begin and he simply nodded. Marie told him that the first part of his little experience was very simple. You will take another walk around the lake and at each of the boxes you will find a note in it that you will follow exactly as it reads. When you are finished you will end up back at the cabin on the gravel and rock path just like we did earlier today. Dean simply looked at her and said, "Yes sweetheart."

"Before you leave however you won't need any of your clothes so take them off and before you try and argue you already know that there is no one out here but us so get moving buster." Marie said as she walked to the door and pointed down the path.

Dean took off all his clothes and started down the path. In the background he could hear Marie calling out, "Have a great time on your hike because I am going to have a great time thinking about it. I will make sure to get everything ready for your return. 

Dean headed down the path around the lake and it only took him about 10 minutes before he reached the first box. Tentatively he opened it since he had no idea what Marie had left in it and he found a note from Marie. It read dear Dean, since you had such a wonderful time playing with my ass last night I felt it only fair that I get to enjoy playing with yours today. This will be an awesome little adventure don't you think. Oh, I am sure you do. Now reach in the box and take out the butt plug that I left for you and stick it in your ass before you go on to the next box. Be happy I did leave some lube in here because I almost made you suck on it to get it ready. I am such a sweetheart. Have fun, Marie.

Dean thought to himself that this was not going to be good because he had no idea what she would do to him next. Dean reached in the box and grabbed the lube and then the butt plug. He was happy that it was small, only about an inch in diameter, and lubed it up. He carefully placed it up his ass and started down the path again to the next box. 

Dean walked along the path but it took him a bit longer to reach the next box with the plug moving about as he walked. He could feel the plug working up against his prostrate and it was causing him to secrete fluid as he walked. Dean thought this is going to be unbearable to walk with all the way around the lake. Hopefully I can take it out at the next box and Marie will have some other devious plan to torture me with. 

Dean finally made it to the second box after about 15 minutes and took a deep labored breath when he got there. His ass did not necessarily hurt from the plug but walking with it and stepping over branches and rocks along the path did not help the issue in the least. He finally got the courage to open the lid on the container and he reached in and grabbed Marie's note which said, Hi sweetheart how are you feeling after you last little walk or better yet how is your ass feeling. I am sure that you are ready to get rid of that plug in your ass so I am going to be nice and let you take it out now. Dean quickly reached back and pulled the plug out and breathed a sigh of relief. It was to be short lived however. Marie went on to say that now that you have the plug out I want you to reach in the box and pull out you next toy. 

Dean's eyes perked up as he read that part to himself. He reached in the box and pulled out a plug that was slightly bigger than the last one. This plug must be about 1 ¼ inches in diameter and about 4 inches long. Marie had again left lube in the box so he lubed it up and placed it up his ass. He knew that Marie must be sitting at the cabin just laughing her ass off at the thought of him walking around the entire lake with a plug up his ass. Surely she won't make him use butt plugs all the way around. Dean left the discarded butt plug in the box as Marie had told him to do so in the letter and was on his way again down the path toward the next box. 

The entire time he walked he was thinking of devious ways to repay Marie for her kindness. Kindness are you nuts he thought to himself. She is trying to stretch my ass out while I am out here in the forest around the lake playing the naked wood nymph for crying out loud. With that thought he did chuckle to himself a bit but continued on his way. 

Dean was able to make it to the next box in about the same amount of time as before since the plug was not that much larger than the previous one had been. He walked up to box number three and pulled out the letter from Marie and started to read. Oh darling I am so glad you made it to the halfway point. I am sure that you are tired of having a butt plug up your ass so I am going to give you a break from butt plugs for a bit.

Dean was thrilled at that though until he continued to read. Inside the box you will find a dildo that is about 8 inches long and 1 ½ inches in diameter. I got one that was a bit longer to help you out. You see you are going to lube it up and stick it up your ass and this time you will have to hold it in your ass as you walk to the next box. Make sure it doesn't fall out and get dirty because you will have to put it back in. Oh Yeah, I could be watching you. 

Dean was ready to shoot Marie at this point. Now I have to walk and hold the damn thing in my ass as I walk. It will take me forever to get to the next box. Dean apprehensively lubed up the dildo and shoved it up his ass slowly. At least she was thoughtful enough to increase them in small amounts Dean thought to himself. Dean plodded along on the next leg of the journey switching hands back and forth to hold in the dildo that did not want to stay in place. He could just feel Marie's eyes on him as he made this part of the journey. He didn't know how Marie could be watching him but he had a feeling she was. 

It only took Dean about 25 minutes of shuffling along the path to get to the fourth box. He was exhausted from walking and trying to keep the plug in place. Dean just stood there for a few minutes staring at the box before he opened it up. Once he did the letter from Marie was different than all the rest. It went on to say, Sweetheart since I am sure you are tired I am going to give you a choice of what you have to do this time. Remember you have to pick one of the items. There is a dildo and butt plug in the box. You can use whichever one you want to use for the next leg of your journey. If you choose the dildo just lube it up and slide it up your ass. If you choose the butt plug then you also have to put the battery operated egg up your ass first and then the butt plug. Remember to turn on the egg after you put the plug in if that is what you choose. Oh yeah if you choose the butt plug and the egg you don't get to use any lube either.

Dean just stared at the note after he read it. I have to use the damn dildo that takes me longer to walk there or I use the egg and plug which will stay in by itself. Dean opted for the egg and butt plug thinking that he could make better time than with the dildo. Lube was not a concern at this point since he had lubed himself every time at the other stops. The egg went in easily enough but the butt plug took a little work due to the fact that it was larger by about a ¼ inch and the egg was already in his ass to start with. Dean finally got the plug seated and started on to the fifth box.
