 Okay, so my name is Chris Johnson. I am not tall at all - I'm only 5'5" but a highly muscular wrestler. In addition, I have a dick that hangs seven inches when limp and pops out to eleven when it's erect. I'll admit, sometimes it looks a little freakish, but hey - it earned me the locker room nickname of "Big Johnson", and plenty of girls have enjoyed it!

I go to California Lutheran University in Thousand Oaks, California, and of the 2000+ student body, I am probably the biggest man-whore on the campus. Perhaps it seems a little strange that a student at a church school would be admitting to being a man-whore, but you know what? I don't judge other people, therefore I don't expect to be judged by anybody but God Himself. Beyond that, even if all this sex is a sin - which I'm don't necessarily know if it is - God forgives all my sins, anyway!

I grew up in the church. I lived in Burbank for my whole life until I headed off to college. My family has attended Salem Lutheran Church in Glendale since before I was born. Growing up, there were three other guys in the church who I have hung out with since we were all in the nursery - Joe, Sean, and Austin. They were the crew that I always rolled with and definitely had the mad hoopla with.

I lost my virginity in 2001, when I was 14, about an hour after Sunday service, in the back of the sanctuary, to the pastor's daughter. Sean - who is now a Marine, and therefore getting MAD pussy - followed in 2003, at 16. Joe busted his cherry in 2004, at 17, and Austin was the last to go, on the night of his senior prom in 2005, when he was 18.

Ah, Natalie Bennett. Pastor Jack Bennett's daughter, an acolyte when she was a little kid, active in the Lutheran Youth Organization when we were in high school, always sang Silent Night on Christmas Eve - and a regular hot little piece of ass, too. She was 15 and a year older than me when we swapped v-cards in the back of the church that Sunday morning. Now, I'll be honest - I've done the deed with over 50 other girls in the four plus years since that day back in 2001. Nonetheless, I always find my mind wandering to Natalie, comparing each and every girl to her. Granted, Natalie's performance has probably been exaggerated over time and blurred with other girls, but I still have a pretty good idea of how it was - after all, it WAS my first time.

Natalie graduated in 2004 and went off to Texas Lutheran University. Well, I figured I'd probably seen the last of her, and it was unfortunate, too. I'd always kind of hoped that we'd hook up again.

So anyway, I started at Cal Lu in the fall of 2005. It was far enough away from home that it was an effort to get between the two places - driving down the 101 is never fun - but close enough that if I really wanted to go home, it wouldn't be a problem. The unfortunate thing about CLU was that there were no girls that I knew there, so there was also really no chance of getting booty for a while. I was starting to develop a real case of the blue balls.

And so I was sitting in Denny's really late one night (or maybe really early one morning!) in October, studying for a mid-term, when who should walk in but Natalie Bennett. I thought my eyes were lying to me and first, but I realized after a moment, that nope - it was really her! She looked a little different - her hair was cut in a pageboy cut, and she was wearing glasses. It was definitely her, though.

 But how could that be? my mind asked. She's in Texas!

Well, when she was seated, she didn't appear to have any books with her, so I figured it was safe to assume that she wasn't studying. When she ordered a somewhat sizable breakfast, I decided I was right - the people studying had coffee, coffee, and more coffee - and that was it.

Well, I figured this might be my chance. Stuffing my books into my bag, I took a deep breath and walked over to her table. "Uh, Natalie Bennett?" I said.

She looked up, wondering who it was interrupting her. Almost immediately, though, curiosity changed to recognition. "Chris Johnson," she said, with a hint of a laugh in her voice. "The guy who never calls."

Oops. I was at a loss for words. "Well, um, sorry," I tried.

"Oh no, it's okay," she said. "I know that you were... shall we say, busy."

"Huh?"

"The Wang's 50, Chris. I know about that. Hell, everybody at Salem between the ages of 15 and 25 knows about it."

I felt my face turning red. I could swear that my hair had caught fire, and I really wanted to sink into the floor.

She must've noticed, because right away, she quickly added, "Don't worry, I don't make it a habit to judge people for their sexual practices."

Without missing a beat, she very matter-of-factly quipped, "After all, I fucked a horse in Texas."

Now I was truly at a loss for words. My jaw dropped about halfway to my knees, and my eyes became about the size of .33 records.

She started laughing. "No, I'm just kidding," she said reassuringly. "There is no way that I would ever have sex with anything but a human - or a sex toy. However, I guess I have done plenty of things that I'd rather my dad never knew about."

Now I started laughing, too. "Yeah, that's understandable," I said. "I guess I wouldn't want your dad knowing about what I've done, either."

Then I remembered why I had come over here. "So, I thought you were in Texas?"

"I was," she said. "I just didn't like being so far away, though. I like being kind of close to home, and I like the atmosphere here a lot more than at TLU. Besides, even though Texas guys can be nice to look at in their tight jeans, California guys have them beat looks-wise ten ways till Sunday. Besides that, I seem to recall that a certain guy I know is, well, rather gifted..."

As she said this, she lightly placed her left hand on my crotch. My cock jumped immediately. Oh God, I thought, I can't get a huge boner in public.

I backed away a bit. "Uh, I see," I replied.

Noticing my discomfort, she said, "Well, anyway, I think you should give me a call sometime."

You bet your oh-so-beautiful ass I will.

We swapped cell phone numbers, and then I headed out of there as quickly as I could, walking rather strangely to hide my massive boner. When I got back to my dorm, I went straight into the bathroom and jacked off furiously. I shot a massive load into the wad of tissue I was holding. Just thinking about Natalie Bennett, especially thinking about Natalie touching my cock, made me feel like I would have the perpetual hard-on. Fortunately, it subsided quickly.

A couple days passed. My mid-terms came, and went - rather painfully, like a bad case of indigestion. After my last midterm, when I got back to my dorm, I looked at the scrap of paper on my desk.

Natalie B., (310) 555-3244

What the hell, I thought. I picked up the phone and called. It rang. It rang again, and again, six times, and then her voicemail picked up.

"Hi, this is Natalie. I can't answer the phone right now, but if you leave a message, I'll get back to you as quick as I can. Bye!"

"Hey, Natalie, this is Chris Johnson."

Okay, now what else?

"Um, I'm done with all of my mid-terms, so I just thought I'd give you a call and say hi. Give me a call back - (310) 555-3256. Later."

At about 7:00 that evening, my phone rang.

"Hello?" "Hi, Chris? This is Natalie."

Hot damn.

"Hey Natalie, what's up?"

"Not much. How about you?"

"Pretty much the same."

"Well, that's cool. Hey, since you're done with all your mid-terms, are you doing anything later on?"

"Well, I didn't have any plans."

"You want to come over and just hang out?"

"Sounds good to me."

"9:00?"

"Sure."

"See you then."

"Alrighty. Bye."

"Bye."

I headed over to Natalie's place in the Old West complex at about 8:50. I got to her room at 8:55. I knocked, but there was no answer. The door was partially open, so I pushed it all the way open.

There, on Natalie's bed, was Natalie, locked in a 69 with her roomate, Ellen Hoover, a girl that I knew by sight, but didn't know personally. Hmmm, I kind of felt bad just standing there, so I stepped out of the room, latching the door as I went. When the door latched, I heard both of them scream. Then I knocked.

"Uh, just a second!" I heard Natalie's voice call shakily from inside.

A moment later, the door opened, and a fully dressed but slightly disheveled Ellen swept past me, heading down the hall as if a rottweiler were nipping at her heels. Then, Natalie appeared in the door, an embarrassed grin on her face. "Hi, Chris, come on in."

She led me in to her certainly austere but nicely decorated dorm room. It had definitely had a woman's touch applied to it. I sat down on a small blue couch that was situated facing the television. Natalie seated herself next to me, smoothing her skirt as she sat.

An awkward silence followed for the next couple of minutes, finally broken by Natalie saying, "Uh, Chris, you know, I wasn't expecting you for a few more minutes."

"So I gathered," I replied.

The awkward silence returned. "Yeah," Natalie said a few minutes later.

Then, it was as if a dam had broken.

"So, me and Ellen. That's been going on for a while." Really. Hmmm.

"She's from San Bernardino. We met at the LYO gathering in Atlanta, back in 2003. We became really good friends, and then when we ended up at roommates here at CLU this year... well, things just kind of got out of control one night. We started making out, and then, fingering each other. After a while, we started doing oral too."

Okay, now my dick was getting hard. This shit was hot.

"But tonight, when you saw us just now, that was the first time we'd ever done a 69. We were both really close to cumming, too, well..."

She just let it trail off. Oops. Now I felt kinda bad - I had interrupted her when she was seconds from an orgasm.

"So as it is, I'm really horny right now."

HAH! There was my opening.

"Well," I said, with the "gentle, concerned guy" tone in my voice, "I feel bad that you didn't get your orgasm. So, I think that I should make it up to you, and help you out with that horniness issue."

Natalie turned and looked at me, smiled, and - I kid you not - licked her lips. "Oh really?" she asked. "And just how would you do that?"

"Oh, I have my ways."

Natalie stood up, stood in front of me, and then, straddling my legs, sat down on my lap and brought her face within a few centimeters of mine. "Show me."

Cupping her ass with my hands, I pulled her as close to me as I could get her, and then kissed her. As I did so, I felt my cock spring to full attention, which Natalie must've noticed as well, with her bare pussy rubbing against the crotch of my jeans.

Slowly I kissed my way down to her neck, and then down to her chest. I unbuttoned her top, leaving her cleavage exposed, but not exposing her breasts - yet. But why wait?

I slid her top down her arms, exposing her breasts. Not big - maybe 32Bs - but that was okay - she had a small frame, and her breasts went great with her body. Gently, I kissed each nipple, making her moan. As I did so, I slid my right hand up her skirt and started playing with her clit, causing her to moan even louder.

Her hands had stayed inactive while I was doing this, but now she started doing things with them. First, she unbuckled my belt, pulling it all the way through my belt loops in one fell swoop. I stopped for a moment.

"Where did you learn to do something like that?" I asked.

"Every guy in Texas wears a belt," she said with a wicked smile. "Let's say that a lot of them found themselves without a belt in my presence."

I wasn't quite sure what to think of that comment. You know, it said to me that she had definitely gotten very experienced sexually, and that I was really going to enjoy this, but at the same time, it made me feel a little jealous that the girl of my fantasies for the last few years had been fucking all these Texans -

OH FUCK IT. Why should I care how many guys she's slept with? The point was, she was sitting on my lap, two thirds naked, and I was about to be the guy sticking my dick in her tight pussy!

"Lift your ass up a moment," she said.

I did so, and in one swift motion, she had my jeans down to my knees, causing my cock to spring straight upwards. Natalie didn't waste any time, but quickly engulfed my cock in her warm, inviting pussy.

You know, many sex experts have said that human beings revert to their basic, primal instincts during sex. As Natalie started fucking me, I couldn't have agreed with them more.

As she sat there, her hot, tight wet twat sliding up and down like a sheath on my cock, she stared into my eyes. It looked like they were burning. Then, I swear to God I heard her growl. Not like a friendly "rrrr", but like something you would hear come out of a bobcat's mouth just before it jumped on a deer. For a moment, I thought she was going to go praying mantis and eat me.

But no. Instead, grabbing my hands, she threw her head back, stretched both our arms out as far as they would go, braced her feet against the back of the couch, and started pumping up and down on my cock as hard as she could. She was doing it so hard, I felt like I was being fucked. She was slam fucking me like a sex-starved nymphomaniac who hadn't seen a dick in over a year (later I would find out just how true that thought was, but that's another story for another time).

Well, this was driving me crazy. Here I was, fucking the girl who I had fantasized about every time I had fucked a girl for the last several years, and I was being fucked as if there was no tomorrow. The combined stimulus was enough to drive me to near insanity.

And then, I started growling too. At this point, I almost didn't realize it was me - I felt almost voyeuristic, as if I was a third party observing two crazy people screwing like their lives depended upon it. Only the knowledge that yes, I was the guy participating kept me grounded in reality.

Natalie pulled herself back forward, dangling her tits in my face. I gently began nipping at her nipples, causing her to howl in delight. Then, she started to lift herself all the way off my cock and slam herself back down, causing me to penetrate extremely deeply with each thrust, brushing her cervix each time.

At this point, she went from howling to straight up screaming. Not a continuous scream, mind you, and not very high pitched, either. But it was loud, and sure to attract attention.

However, only the "outside observer" part of my mind realized this. The "caveman" part was far too busy fucking like crazy. At this point, the reality of things was beginning to remind the "observer" part of me of that stupid Bloodhound Gang song - you know, "you and me baby ain't nothin' but mammals", etc., etc.

Finally, when it seemed like neither of us could take it any longer, Natalie stiffened, pressing her boobs up against my face and digging her fingernails deeply into my back as she had, literally, a screaming orgasm. The pain of her fingernails digging into me was just one more stimulus, and it sent me over the top.

Now, you have to realize, at this point, I hadn't had sex since I had left for CLU in mid-August, and I had some mad blue balls. So, when I exploded into her, I started screaming as well - although it was a "man" scream, deep and throaty.

Finally, we both finished cumming, and it seemed like at that point, common sense returned to both of us. I looked at Natalie. She was a total wreck. Her hair looked like a rat's nest, her mascara had run all over her face, and she was covered in sweat. And then, I became aware of something else.

THE PAIN!

Oh, holy shit, my back felt like it was on fire. "OW!" I shouted.

Natalie looked at me, and then drew her hands away from my back, realizing that they were covered in my blood. "Oh my God!" she said. "Oh my God! Oh, I am so sorry!"

She stood up, trying to decide what to do. "Jesus, Chris, I am so sorry."

I just sat there, staring at her. I opened my mouth to say something, but all that came out was "OW!"

It looked like she was almost about to break down into tears, and then she seemed to have an idea. Grabbing me by the hand, she said, "Come with me."

"OW!"

She led me into the bathroom, told me to strip (good-bye Kingsmen Football t-shirt!), and get into the shower. I did so, and she turned the water on. The cold stream of water hitting my back felt good at first, and then it turned hot.

"OW!"

Despite my continued shouts of pain, Natalie gently cleaned up my back. Then she turned the water off, very carefully swabbed my back dry with a clean towel, and went to work with the bacitracin.

"SON OF A BITCH!"

She looked at me with amusement. "Well, that's an improvement over 'OW'."

I just gritted my teeth. She finished putting the anti-bacterial ointment on my back, and then got gauze and bandage tape to cover it all. When she was done, I looked like a disaster straight out of an emergency room.

I stood there in the shower, still in a bit of pain. She sat on the bathroom floor, still naked but for the skirt bunched up around her waste, and still looking like a mess. Despite that, looking at her, my cock started to harden again.

She looked at it, then looked at me, and then smiled. Kneeling in front of me, she gently kissed the tip of my cock, and then began to take it into her mouth a little bit at a time.

Now, if she had been able to deep throat me, I would've thought she was a freak. She wasn't able to, but she did take a decent portion of my dick into her mouth. Slowly, she bobbed up and down my rigid shaft. As I watched my cock disappear in and out of her mouth, I felt my second orgasm of the evening start to bubble to the surface.

I will say, Natalie is a very talented cock-sucker. I don't know where she learned those talents, I don't want to know, and quite frankly, I don't care. As it was, though, her skills had me about to cum within ninety seconds.

As I felt my cock begin to pulsate irregularly in that sure sign that I'm about to cum, I warned her. She smiled, pulled my cock from her mouth, and began jacking me off with her hand.

A few seconds later, I stiffened, and then blew. My cum shot out, straight onto her waiting tongue. Four, five, six jets, and then it was just little dribbles that she let drop onto her tits. She closed her mouth, swallowed, and when she re-opened her mouth, the cum was gone.

I spent that night with Natalie. I've dated her for the six months since then. We've fucked in some of the craziest places, ranging from behind the Gumby/Luther statue to the office of one of our professors. We even had Ellen join in with us one time, but that's another story.

For now, just suffice it to say, the man-whore and the nympho are quite happy together.