 Dear Diary,

I can't believe what happened last night. My head is in such a daze this morning, but I've never felt more satisfied. All the nerves in my body seem to be on fire, I feel so good that it almost hurts. I feel like such a whore for what I've done, it was wrong, it was illegal, it was immoral. I let my daddy rape me, and I loved every second of it.

I'm not a slut, well, maybe I am now but I wasn't. Sure, I'd fooled around with boys, but even though I had turned eighteen I was still a virgin. I was planning on saving it for someone I really loved, someone who really cares about me. But, that doesn't mean I didn't fool around with boys, which is why when my Daddy told me he was going out of town this weekend, I had invited my boyfriend Ron over for a bit of fun.

"Bye Daddy!" I shouted through the open second story window as my father waved from his big pick-up truck, pulling out of the driveway. I pulled the blinds down and turn around, walking towards my closet to find something to wear. I knew my boyfriend would be here within the hour, and I love to dress up, and he doesn't seem to mind that at all.

I had the perfect outfit in mind. I stripped off my sweatshirt and pants, and slid my hot pink tank top over my big 32D tits. I stepped into my old middle school uniform skirt, which fit me perfectly still, but only comes down low enough to barely cover my ass and pussy if I stand up. I gave my little hairless pussy a rub before sliding on matching hot pink panties, booty shorts, that just accent my light skinned ass perfectly. I slid on my sheer white stockings that come all the way up to my thigh, and slipped on a pair of 4" fuck my heels that my boyfriend got for me.

I walked over to my vanity mirror and sat down, and started to apply my usual make up, with the exception of some ruby red lipstick. I smiled as a finished applying it, thinking of the last time my boyfriend came over, and how it left a red circle at the bottom of his manhood. I brush my shoulder length blonde hair, and throw it into pony talks to complete the outfit. I stand up, admiring my body, then grabbing my nipples between my fingers I pinch them hard and twist, making pain and pleasure shoot up my body, and making my nipples stand out just right.

DING, DING.

I felt my pussy get damp and my heart skips a beat as I race down the stairs, nearly killing myself in the big heels. I walk quickly to the door, my big tits bouncing up and down. I swing open the door and see him, his jaw drops, I can already see the tent forming in his pants. I giggle and grab him by his shirt and pull him into the house. I slammed the door behind us and pressed him to it, grinding my big tits into his chest, lifting my leg up as he hands quickly find their way to my ass and squeezed it roughly. I pressed my lips to his, feeling his tongue invade my mouth as his hard cock presses against me through his pants. I reach down and start stroking it through the rough jean material, and he responds but gripping me tighter, his fingers digging into my ass now as he tries to fuck me through our clothes.

I push away from him, smirking as I turn around, my skirt flying up revealing everything I have for him. I walk towards the stairs, one foot in front of the other, wiggling my butt at him. I stop at the stairs, bend over and grab my ankles, looking back at him through my legs, watching him stroke his cock through his pants. I smirk again, get up and climb up the stairs, and right before I enter my room again I give him a wicked smile and motion him to follow with my finger.

I'm already on the bed when he walks in the door, legs spread, sucking on my finger like a naughty girl. He leaps into the bed and presses his body down into mine, I can feel his cock again rubbing my pussy through his pants and my panties, now soaked. His hands grab at my tits through my shirt, grabbing my nipples as I wrap my legs around him, pressing him even tighter against me. His tongue is back in my mouth again, shoving it's way down my throat as I grab his hair and pull. He tears his lips away as he lifts up my shirt, my big tits bouncing from our grinding, he takes a nipple into his mouth and another between his fingers. He starts to gently suck, which turns into biting and twisting as I pull his hair harder.

I roll him over, and grind my pussy into his cock again, giving him a show by making my tits bounce up and down. He places his hands behind his head as watches my little show as I take off his shirt and kiss down his chest. I rub my pussy down his leg as I keep kissing lower, and lower, till I get to his belt. I undo it and tie his hands to my headboard with it. I tug his pants down to his ankles, kissing down his left leg then back up the right one. He struggles against his restraints as I kiss his cock through his boxers, reaching a hand through his pant leg and start to lightly run my nails on his balls. He squirmed, still trying to free his hands so he can shove his cock in my mouth, he loves it rough but I wanted to be in control, this was too much fun.

I pulled his cock out, and ran my tongue over the head, scooping up his pre-cum, tasting the saltiness of it and loving it. I cupped his balls, massaged them slowly as I sucked on the head, letting my tongue drag across the hole of his cock.

"Baby, stop teasing me and suck my cock, PLEASE!" he begged, and I happily obliged, shoving his entire five inch length easily into my mouth. I stared straight up at him as my red lips left a sexy ring around his cock, his head is rolled back and I moved my head up and down his hard cock, sucking for all I was worth. I snaked my middle finger down the crack of his ass, teasing his asshole.

I pulled my mouth of his cock, and said in a sultry voice, "You like that don't you baby? You love it when I do kinky things to you?"

"Fuck yes," he managed to reply, almost choking on his words as I took his whole length back into my mouth. "Suck my cock like the dirty whore you are. Yeah, you love it when I call you filthy names don't you slut?"

"Mmm, fuck yeah baby," ripping my mouth off his cock with a loud pop. "I bet you want me to untie your hands so you can throat fuck this little slut good don't you?" I say, in between licks of his cock. I reach up and untie his hands and he's on me in a flash. I drop to my knees on the side of the bed as he grabs my pigtails and makes me bury my nose into his pubic hairs.

"Oh yeah slut, take it like the whore you are," he shouts as I resist the urge to gag on his cock pocking the back of my throat over and over again. My big tits swayed before I grabbed them and started massaging them as he viciously humped my mouth, my hair starting to get messed up. I snaked on finger back up his crack, and gently pushed it into his, "Oh fuck yes you little skank, shove that finger in my ass, I'm going to nut right in your little mouth."

I ripped my head off his cock, grabbed it with my hand and began to jerk him off nice and hard, shoving my finger deeper into his ass. "Yes baby, that's right cum all over your little slut. Watch these big tits sway back and forth while I fuck your ass with my finger and jerk your rock hard cock off," I say, still trying to catch my breath, "cum all over my pretty fucking face, cum all over your little sluts face and tits baby doll."

That was all it took. "Oh fuck," he shouts. I can feel it run up his cock as I bury the last inch of my finger in his ass. "Here it comes you dirty whore, take it all!" he shouts as his cock begins to erupt his hot cum all over me. "Fuck, fuck, fuck," he repeats as he continues to spray me with his delicious cum. The first shot lands right on my tongue, the rest hits everywhere else as I continue to jerk him off. It was all over me, my tits were covered.

"Mmm, baby you taste so good, I can't get enough of your hot cum," I say scooping it up and licking it off my fingers.

"Oh shit!" you shout, and scramble away from me like a mad man, trying to pick up your pants and you literally jump out my open window.

"What the fuck is wrong with you?" I shout, turning my head furiously to grab my shirt I see my daddy standing in the doorway.

"Oh shit."