 Dear Diary, 

Last night, I was feeling wild, not quite myself. I've written how I was sick of this suburban hell that my family had procured for me and so I decided to take matters into my own hands. It was while I was masturbating in my room that I felt the urge to have something inside of me that wasn't my own fingers or the vibrator my friend Jessie had bought for me as a joke. Some joke; I couldn't wait to use it, it was my favourite present. Anyway, as I masturbated a sudden wave of...horniness just took over me and consumed me. I wanted sex. I'm not a virgin, my fleeting sexual encounter with Kyle Roberts last year was my first but I could hardly count it as an encounter as it lasted only a few minutes. No, this time I wanted pure sex -- if such an act could be described as pure! It was in this state of mind that I jumped out of bed and listened to my surroundings. My sister was most definitely asleep in the room next door; it was 2am so my mother and father would definitely be sleeping too. It was perfect. I didn't know what was coming over me but I wanted it so badly that I knew what I had to do. I dressed in my very little black dress that my father had deemed "unsuitable" for my grandmother's birthday or any occasion except stripping. I then teamed it with my highest black heels that I bought for prom. I ruffled my dark curls and made them alive and volumous instead of the cute ringlets my mother thought were suitable for her eighteen year old and then coloured my lips with a bright red lipstick that I'd got for Halloween. I caught a look of myself in the mirror and I didn't look like myself with my mussed hair and rouged lips against my pale skin. I gave myself a smile before tottering downstairs and sneaking quietly out of the front door. 

I felt bizarre but slightly elated as I caught a cab by the main road to the town's red-light district, a place where my friends and I often joked about. The taxi driver stared at me in his mirror, taking in my appearance so I flashed him a sexy smile which he returned. "You sure that's where you want to be goin' kid?" He asked.

"Yes sir." I answered and grinned alluringly at his reflection in the mirror. The vibrations from the cab felt good on my bare lips under my dress and I began moving in a rhythm to the bumps and jolts that the cab was sending to my pussy. It felt so good; I was pleased with what I was about to do and my continued horniness made me want to do it more. I started to think about what I was going to do and started grinding into the vibrating cab seat and uttered a soft moan so that the driver looked up attentively. I continued to grind into the bare leather wanting to come but the driver stopped the taxi, "Er, we're here ma'am." He said turning round to see me flushed and my legs wide open ready to come and I saw that he turned pink in the dark cab. I paid him the money and swaggered out of the cab to the unknown.

I saw as one girl dressed in a tight red dress leaned gracefully into a car window and offered him her services. He smiled and nodded and she climbed into the back of his car. I had to say that my parents old values of never getting into a car with strangers did come to mind but I pushed any thoughts of normalcy into the back of my head and stood on the corner, hitched my dress up and stood pouting my lips and showing off my slim body to potential customers. 

"Looks like we've got some fresh meat!" Exclaimed one of the other prostitutes to her friend. 

"You're right." Said her friend, taking in my appearance.

The two girls guffawed and went off to a car that was rounding the corner. I sighed, thinking that maybe it wasn't a good idea after all but then a man approached me.

"Hi there, may I have your company?" He asked. I thought that this was maybe a bit formal of him but there was nothing casual about the gentleman. He was just slightly taller than me with heels on, with brown hair that I believed to be his best feature as it was shiny and cut to suit his round face. He was neither handsome nor ugly and not someone I would pick out of a crowd but just regular. He wore a navy blue suit and tie and had shiny black shoes which made him look extremely wealthy and smart. I answered him with a smile and took his hand where he led me to an elegant car. 

Before I knew it, he was asking me about prices and what I'd do.

"I'll do whatever you like and if you're satisfied you can pay me a good wage." I grinned. He laughed and said that that sounded fair as he drove me to his apartment.

***

"Oh yes!" He murmured as I ran my hand over the crotch area of his trousers and I felt a bulge formed there. I was pleased that I had managed to keep my nerves at bay as they had been replaced with feelings beyond being horny. I wanted it now; hard and rough and this man was going to give me what I wanted. I tore at his belt and pulled his trousers and boxers down and his cock sprang out. I was surprised that it was actually quite large and thick and I couldn't wait to have it inside of me. I ran my fingers along its length and he hissed with pleasure. I then took him into my mouth, swirling my tongue around it and sucking hard. He grasped my shoulders tightly and panted hard as I sucked up and down his shaft. He pushed me further onto his cock so that I gagged at his size but I pushed myself until there was no more to take. I could feel myself getting wetter below as it knew what was going to come next. 

"Mmm you like that?" I asked as I released my lips from his cock that now stood firm and erect in front of my face.

"Yes...yes...let me...let me fuck you." He said breathlessly. That was what I'd been waiting for. I got up off my knees and to my surprise he picked me up. I wrapped my legs around his hips and we both fell onto the bed as her nuzzled and sucked at my neck. He was tearing at my clothes pulling away my very little black dress and throwing his own shirt into a corner. I was shocked again at his body, expecting it to be rounded but found his torso and chest to be toned and muscular. I ran my hands along the plains of his heaving chest feeling his heart pounding under my left palm. I found his nipples and traced them with my fingers making him hiss. I then ran my fingers over his rugged torso and admired the V-shape of his hips that led to his now pulsing cock. I rested my hands either side of the V and pulled his hips towards me and he spread my legs.

I gasped as he impaled me on his long and ample cock; the size of him knocking the breath from me. I felt myself spasm into a quick orgasm as he took me and rocked himself slowly against my aching spot inside. 

"Harder!" I yelled after my first orgasm subsided and relished in the aftershock. I felt his pace quicken as he sank harder and faster into my depths, the room rent with the sounds of his skin slapping against mine and our short eager breaths. He grasped at my breasts and kneaded them as he thrust into me. I wrapped my legs around his hips once more to bring him closer -- needing him to fuck me harder, faster and deeper. 

I shouted out as another wave of pleasure consumed me. He must have felt as my pussy clamped and convulsed around his cock as he let out a grunt of satisfaction. I felt my back arch and my head lift from the pillow as I shouted out in ecstasy -- "Yes!" this is what I wanted this is what I'd come out for, the rough meaningless hot sex! I did not care about the money, or the man I would be with I cared only for the complete and satiated feeling I would feel after sleeping with a stranger. I began to uncurl my toes and put my head back into the act and looked up at his contorted face. He was going to come soon, I could tell but he was holding it off as he wanted the experience to last longer. I didn't know how many more orgasms I could have but I knew that I didn't mind. Suddenly, he withdrew his cock from me and all my juices ran out, dribbling down onto the bedding. Was he going to come? I thought. I thought he was going to go for longer but what he did next shocked me but completely rocked my world. He thrust his throbbing cock into my ass that was sodden with the lubrication from my juices. For the second time that night I lost my breath and hissed as he entered me. 

"Ssshit." I heard him mutter under his breath and then gasp as my ass was speared to the hilt of his cock. He began to pump again gaining speed. I felt new sensations below, sensations I never thought I would be able to feel. He then shoved two fingers into dripping pussy and began to rub my most pleasurable spot. I could feel myself coming for the third time in that room last night. My toes curled again and my fingernails grabbed and scratched at his back. My head tossed back into the pillow as I began to meet his thrusts with my own. He grunted and I moaned as I panted out streams of profanities -- "fuck...fuck... yes oh yes...oh...fuck me...harder...yes." And he did as he was told, he fucked my ass harder and felt as it grabbed at his cock and I came once more as I screamed and yelled in bliss. He couldn't take any more, he pulled his cock out of my ass and erupted huge ropes of hot white cum onto my smooth stomach. He shuddered in ecstasy, uttering final groans as cum dribbled from his now wilting cock.

I sat back in the cab feeling satisfied and exhilarated. I counted the amounts of notes he had given me, ticking off each as I counted. It was a lot of money but then he must have felt as satisfied as I was. I made it back into bed easily enough -- my parents would never know the difference and I couldn't be happier as last night I slept with a wide rouged smile on my face.

Eve.