 Welcome to ch. 04 of Dear John. Finally two of the main characters are going to have sex. As per literotica guidelines, any person engaged in sexual activity are over 18. Enjoy.

*****

That evening we four sat down to one of Karen's tasty meals. Fresh made biscuits, beef roast with those little red potatoes and baby carrots, mashed potatoes and homemade gravy and french cut green beans. I was in heaven.

When we finished the homemade peach cobbler with a scoop of ice cream I cleared my throat. 

"Ladies, I have a proposal to make. Sunny you know that your mom is probably gone for good, right?" She looked at me with those big eyes. I could see nothing but sadness when she said, "Yeah dad. I agree. I don't know why she left us but I don't think she will ever be back."

"Our divorce has been official for a few months so I think it's time to find you a new mom. Would you and Cindy agree to let Karen and I start dating to see if we are compatible? And before you say anything, Karen would you be interested in just dating for now and to enjoy being together like a family? Maybe move into a relationship at some point?"

Now let me explain my romantic relationship with Karen up to this point. There was no romantic relationship. Period. She had been there for Sunny and I from the moment she read Sandy's letter on but had not done anything or said one word out of line. No sexy outfits or veiled looks. No lingering touches or phrases with double meanings. 

She just took over the domestic chores of a household like she had always been there to ease whatever transition I was in for. She had been abandoned once herself by her ex husband so she knew of the hurt, the lonely nights that I would have to endure. She knew that for Sunny and I to heal would take time so she gave us that. 

I could tell that Sunny had begun to heal quicker than I had but I didn't realise to what extent until I overheard her and Cindy talking that morning.

All I heard was a resounding "YES!!" The two girls looked at each other and slapped their hands in a high five. Karens face got very red and she looked embarrassed. She stayed silent as she just looked down at her plate and said "yes" quietly.

The following Friday night I picked Karen up for our first date. She still had her home so as I pulled into her drive I realized that I had no idea what to expect from a 'dressed up' Karen. I had never seen her in anything but work clothes or casual wear around my house.

She was beautiful. It was well into summer by then so she wore a fairly short, almost down to her knees, one piece tube style dark green dress. Her breasts were held in place only by the top of her dress and nothing else, I could not see a panty line either. The silver four inch heels put her to just over six feet, the same as me. She completed the outfit with minimum of makeup, a small pearl necklace, a lace shawl and tiny silver clutch that matched her shoes. I couldn't tell if she wore earrings because she wore her hair loosely around her face. 

I was gobsmacked. All I could do was stare as I held the door for my beautiful date. I was treated to a generous helping of the top of her hose then some bare thigh as she sat down in the passenger seat. I still couldn't tell for sure but I suspected that she was pantiless also. I continued to stare at her until she looked up and said, "do I look okay John? You haven't said a word."

I came out of my dazed state quickly then. "Karen you are beautiful. You absolutely are the sexiest woman I have ever seen. Sorry but I was just speechless for a second."

She giggled as she said in a nervous whisper, "Thank you John." Then in a louder voice, " Well then, close the door and let's go."

There were several restaurants that I could have chosen but most of them had memories of dinner with my wife attached so I chose a lounge that was a bit further away. They had good food I had heard but most importantly they had a more intimate atmosphere. Tablecloths with subdued lighting and candlelight at the tables. A perfect romantic setting for our first date.

I wanted to get to know Karen better but we kept the conversation light as we ate and while she relaxed with me. She admitted that she loved Sunny and that she had been so helpful when her husband left her. "She and Cindy were already best friends but Sunny kept telling her that they could be sisters and she would share her dad if she wanted. Even at her young age Sunny always seemed more mature than other girls her age."

I knew what she meant. My daughter had really been a rock for me also but I wanted to know Karen better.

"Karen tell me about you."

"Well there isn't much to tell. I probably married too young but I felt like I was in love. I was still in high school when I got pregnant with Cindy. He was four years older than I was. Our parents wanted us to marry so they could have a grandchild and like an idiot I said yes. I should have stayed single and given Cindy up for adoption but I was still a kid."

"I knew almost from the beginning that marrying him was a mistake. He would come home late smelling of perfume or like he had just had sex. He was usually high back then and most of our arguments revolved around his drug use. He had a good job so he could provide a home for us but he could never stop the drugs or keep his dick in his pants. Oh sorry for the language." Her face turned red.

"That's okay I know what you meant. So what happened to make him leave you like he did?"

"Well to be totally honest I stopped having sex with him because of his years of serial cheating. I found out that he was screwing some crack whore and who knows who else. I think she was some old girlfriend or something but I was afraid that he would bring some disease home and infect me. I guess she had a lot of girlfriends that would hand out pussy for just a hit on a joint so I was afraid that if one of them got infected they all would be. I'm sorry again for the language." She said quietly.

"Karen, look at me," I said as I reached over and raised her chin. "Don't apologize again for saying what you feel. I understand how hurtful this must be for you but if you and I are ever to develop any type of relationship, I want you to tell me everything."

"Okay but that is really about it. I told him if he wanted to ever have sex again with me that he would leave those other women alone and stop with the drugs. I said I had had enough. We would not be intimate ever again until he showed me that he had been tested for STDs and was clean. That was the night that he packed his clothes and walked out on me. I never cheated on him. Ever." 

"It wasn't until our divorce was final that I agreed to go out on a date. I was so afraid of catching a disease that I insisted on a condom with everyone. I was only intimate three times before the day Sandy left you. I was supposed to have a date that night but when I read her letter I knew that you would need support. So here we are." Karen put her hands together and looked down again.

"Karen why have you given me so much and never asked for anything in return? Don't get me wrong, you have been like an angel sent from heaven to rescue Sunny and I but you have given up any life that you may have had. My daughter and I could have survived but you made that survival so much less painful."

"Thank you John. To be honest, it wasn't much of a life and I'm lonely. Not many men want to date a big girl my age with a teenage daughter. You are going through something that I know a little about so I was just trying to help you and Sunny. When you let me read the letter from Sandy it was almost like deja vu all over again. Now when I am at your house it's like I have a family to care for again. I feel pride in your home and I am so happy and content while I am cooking for all of us, I feel complete even when I'm doing your wash. You need some new underwear by the way. Yours looks rather worn," She giggled like a teen, lightening the moment.

"Thanks for that." I smiled, suddenly in thought. "Karen, I don't know if I love you yet but would you agree to a friends with benefits arrangement? I mean after all we are both single now and practically living together anyway. I haven't had sex since the last time Sandy and I did it which was several weeks before she left. So that makes it at about eight months. I can assure you that I don't feel like playing the field and I have the feeling that you feel the same way." 

"John I am totally in favor of a fwb but I am going to be very candid here. If we start having sex I want us to be exclusive as long as we are together. No playing around with other people. Ever. I am on birth control so we are safe from getting me pregnant." She finished.

"I have never been one to play around when I'm in a relationship so that's okay with me if we are exclusive. I don't have a huge sex drive so it's not like I want to do it all the time either. But it's been over eight months for me and only twice the previous six months. My biggest concern is that I want Sunny to have a positive female influence in her life. She is growing up so fast." I took Karens hand in mine. "What I'm about to say is the truth. I don't want you to leave us. Ever." I chose that moment to relate the incident of overhearing the conversation between our girls. She said what I felt about the incident. "The little connivers are trying to get us married." she giggled again. 

I started rubbing the back of her hand with my thumb, looking into her eyes. I leaned over and gave her a light kiss on her lips. Just a searching light kiss. She closed her eyes and leaned into the kiss. We stayed just like that for several seconds then I pushed my tongue out and began probing her lips. We kissed in a slow intimate way for a few minutes. We parted while I looked into her eyes.

"I can think of worse ways for our lives to go than for us to marry. For right now though I want to make love to you tonight. Would you care to go to your place or mine?" I asked.

"If we are going to be together then yours. The girls won't mind. In fact they probably want this to happen," Karen finished.

I paid the check and we quickly went to my car then hurried to my house. 

We could hear the music and laughter coming from the two girls in Sunny's room so we tiptoed quietly to the master.

I found out several things about Karen that night. She was a great kisser. We spent at least an hour swapping spit before any clothes disappeared. She loved to have her ears and a special place on her neck nibbled on. Her breasts were spectacular and her nipples were not that big but very sensitive. She was very good at giving oral, I found out later, but no one had ever gone down on her, ever. She almost ripped my hair out when she came the first time orally. I could feel her thigh muscles quivering as I brought her to the cusp of orgasm then slowed down until she cooled off a bit. I did this several times before I put her over the top. 

As I said the results were worth it. She was catching her breath when she asked, "John I have never felt that before. Are you sure that you are okay putting your mouth down there? Everyone else I've been with said it's nasty and wouldn't do it."

I dipped my fingers into her swampy hole and brought them to her lips. "Open," I said. She opened her lips and I inserted my fingers into her mouth. 

"Taste yourself." When she did I asked her, "Is that nasty?"

"Hmmm not nasty. Different but definitely not nasty."

"Okay then. Case closed. You are not nasty down there. In fact you have a very nice tasting pussy. The best I ever tasted."

"Better than, Sandy?"

"Oh yes much better. Her pussy was always a bit strong and fishy tasting. Yours is more flowery if that makes sense."

"Okay I'll take your word for it." She hesitated. "John you haven't cum yet. Don't you want to make love to me?"

"I was just getting to that. Do you want me to use a condom?"

"No need. I'm on birth control and you haven't been with anyone since Sandy so make love to me John."

When I first entered Karen's pussy it was a bit of a struggle. I am not that big, 6 ½"-7" on a good day and average girth but her pussy felt really tight when I entered her love canal. I had to push in very slowly using very short strokes until I felt our natural lube take over. 

"God you are huge John!" She whispered loudly. "Go slowly lover until I can adjust."

'No problem' I thought as I enjoyed the magic that was Karen's pussy.

Our first coupling lasted for at least 15 minutes. We were not in a hurry so I slowly moved in and out for several minutes until I felt her begin to tense again. We didn't do any freaky stuff either, just straight missionary sex.

"Oh yeah Johnny, fuck me baby. Fuck me, slide that big dick in me. You fill me just right. Fuck me baby fuck me forever Johnny. Fill me with your cum. I'm cumming Johnny."

Karen put her mouth against my chest then to silence the squeal and shook uncontrollably for several strokes until I couldn't hold it any longer.

"Ugghhhh here it cums." I moaned into her hair. I was filling her with my cum while she was finishing her third maybe fourth orgasm of the evening. When I finished I just propped myself on my elbows while she had those delicious aftershocks for several minutes. Her legs were wrapped around my waist holding me inside her. Finally she could speak.

"I hope you don't think I'm easy. After all this is only our first date." she said.

I suddenly thought I could hear some giggling outside my bedroom door.

"I think someone heard us," I whispered.

Karen just smiled at me. "Well what if they did. This IS what they wanted, isn't it?"

"Yeah I guess. I just hate the thought of having two teen girls around when we are in here. I was hoping to wait a while longer to have the birds and the bees talk with Sunny." I mused sadly.

"John! That is going to be my job and don't you forget it. Besides, this is the computer age. If either girl was to have a question, all they need to do is look it up on the internet."

I just sighed at the loss of parental control in today's high tech world.