 The world was in a deep slumber. No one saw the little cluster of stars shift, suddenly gather and then trickle earthwards on this cool, crisp night. The bright sparkles became a shimmering river, pouring down through the night sky, skimming over the rooftops of a little town, speeding toward one particular darkened home.

The young woman was fast asleep on her narrow bed. She was not aware of the quivering lights streaming through her wall as if it didn't exist, gathering above her, bathing her in a white glow. Nothing would wake her this night, nor anyone else in the village for that matter, for they had all been granted the deepest of sleeps.

The glimmering cloud of stars hovered over her, as if observing her beauty. With lightning quickness a tendril of sparkles curled under her crude blankets and swept them off her. She lay on her side breathing quietly, her thin, worn gown her only covering.

Silently the cluster of shimmering lights dropped, flowed over and around her limbs, encircled her torso, swept through her long hair and under her head. Almost imperceptibly at first, the girl began to lift off the mattress and rotate. As if weightless, her body rose, until she was magically suspended, lying comfortably in the middle of the winking and blinking cloud of little lights.

After a moment, bright sparkles began to swirl and stream underneath her gown, making the fabric ripple and move. And then, in the blink of an eye, her night dress slid effortlessly off her supple body, exposing her soft, pale skin.

Her sudden nakedness seemed to make the cloud of light pulse and quiver with new intensity. The shimmering stars lit her beautiful legs, her lovely hips, her smooth back, her slender neck, her sweet breasts and rosy nipples, her trim tummy and the mound of dark curls just below. Her pretty, sleeping face wore the hint of a smile, as if she was content to lay unclothed and vulnerable in this sunny cocoon.

For a moment everything was still. Then suddenly little sparks of light began to stream and flow over the surface of her youthful skin, worshipping her feminine form. Some swirled around her feet and ankles, some whirled around her knees and teased her legs, some streamed around her neck and along her shoulders, some danced along the insides of her arms and up into her armpits, some traced circles around her bare buttocks and swept up her spine.

One can only imagine the heavenly sensations these sparkling rivers of light unleashed as they travelled. The rise and fall of the girl's tummy began to quicken. Her mouth popped open as her lungs demanded more air. Her body began to arch and squirm with delight as the streaming stars swept over her delicate flesh. Her first moan erupted as the river of sparkles swirled onto her soft breasts and danced over her taut nipples.

The more urgent her groans of pleasure became, the more urgently the flickering stars moved, constantly changing their intimate routes. A whirlwind of fiery specks encircled her slender waist. Her head tilted back as a tendril of spinning sparkles roamed around her ears, caressed her closed eyes and kissed her gaping mouth. Another flurry of little stars spun up the insides of her thighs. Her legs opened. A moment later she let out a desperate moan as the glowing specks streamed through her pubic hair, grazed her virginal lips, swept over her tummy and up onto her heaving chest.

If you weren't watching carefully you wouldn't have seen the first of these tiny stars pop into her open mouth. It was followed by another, and then another, and then the whole stream plunged in. Surrendering herself, the girl's stretched her arms wide and opened her hands. More and more bright specks whirled inside her mouth and disappeared, until suddenly, with a flash of white light, a river of shimmering sparks suddenly burst from between her tender pussy lips.

The girl let out an unearthly cry of joy. Her legs trembled, her hands clutched at golden air, her body quaked, overcome by supernatural pleasure. The bright sparkles that had somehow exploded from her nether parts whirled up over her intimate cleft, split and streamed over her breasts and nipples, zoomed up over her chin and back into her quivering mouth, completing a circuit of shooting stars.

What ecstasy the girl was experiencing no one will ever know. She was clearly nearing an unearthly orgasm. The swarming specks of light moved faster and faster, until the girl seemed to be impaled by a solid shaft of light. At the peak of bliss her body arched like a bow, her legs stiffened, her toes and fingers spread wide. And then she came, perhaps more violently than any woman had ever cum in the history of creation.

There was a crackling sound, like a lightning bolt slicing through air. Tiny sparks of light burst from the tips of the girl's fingers and toes. As she thrashed with each wave of joy, the streaming stars slowed and exited her suspended body. Eventually all movement stopped, except for the girl's receding gasps for air.

By the time the cluster of stars gently lowered her spent body onto the bed she was smiling again. Once her blankets were back in place, the cloud of bright lights paused above her for a moment, then suddenly swirled up through the roof and back to the heavens.

* * * * *

When the girl awoke she felt wonderful. She couldn't remember the last time she had such a satisfying sleep. She also couldn't remember getting up in the night and removing her gown. No matter. She must have been too hot under her blankets. Her body seemed to be radiating warmth this morning.

She was still feeling very happy when she arrived at the market later that day. The man she loved and hoped to marry was going to meet her there. He had volunteered to help her carry her family's supplies. There he was, standing near the basket weaver's tent.

The handsome, dark-haired young man saw her at the same moment. He quickly made his way through the crowd and they embraced. After a deep and passionate kiss, the young man held her away from him and looked into her eyes.

"My goodness," he said with surprise. "You're in a good mood today!"

"Yes Joseph, I am," she replied with a laugh. "And if you ask me why, I can't really give you a answer, except to say that I love you more than all the stars in the sky!"

* * * * *

Nine months later a bright light shifted and moved in the cool, crisp night sky. From earth it looked like a giant star, but it was really made up of thousands of little glowing specks. They shone brighter than ever on this occasion, casting a proud beam of light onto a little stable in the town of Bethlehem, where Mary had just given birth to a heavenly son... on the very first Christmas.