 INTRODUCTION

Frank Till who lived somewhere in New Zealand was a happy man. Enjoying good health, a good job and not requiring companionship, he lived in near luxury and was rarely visited and that suited him just fine. 

It couldn't last. Good things never do.

The one thing he attributed for securing such a good life was his brain. Okay, women always talk as if guys per se have a brain deficiency or if the women are real bitches they say the cranial cavity lacks an occupant. Frank never thought that was funny so women didn't think he was funny. So be it.

Frank's brain told him to stay away from women and life would be sweet, so he took his advice. At the plant the women Frank supervised assembling fishing rods from parts brought in from China to the specifications of plant owner Walter Young thought he was okay. Occasionally a few of them gave him a glad eye or a soft touch just to let him know they were there if he were interested.

But Frank wasn't born yesterday. He knew what would happen if he shafted one of them. According to what the lucky woman told her companies on the assembly line he'd hear mention of 'big balls' and giggling, or 'premature ejaculation' and sympathetic sighs or 'I'm having trouble walking this morning' and he'd receive looks of admiration. Instead he stuck to his regular visit to any one of the five young women who lived in the staff hostel at Happy Holiday Inn. He always arrived wearing a mask to remain incognito and was greeted as Mr Mask, but was aware whoever accommodated him inevitably would say. "Goodbye Frank" when he left, half a pound and sixty bucks lighter.

THE ULTIMATE SEDUCTION

It was Saturday and Frank was just home from the plant that only operated till noon on Saturdays. He was on the couched nude, drinking a beer and enjoying Mendelssohn's Violin Concerto in E Minor and eating a steak burger he'd purchased on the way home when there was a knock at the front door.

Frank sighed, put down the remains of his burger and grabbing a robe went to the front door thinking it would be someone collecting for the hungry in Africa or wanting him to sign a petition banning people from door-knocking.

The blonde with untidy hair looked at him holding his gown in front of him and said, "Why are you nude?"

"Because I was relaxing with music and a beer and enjoying a burger when I was fucking rudely interrupted."

Her eyes flickered and she stepped back from the door and then said something that hooked into Frank. "That's Mendelssohn's Violin Concerto isn't it?"

"Yes," Frank said suspiciously.

"Hmmm. You can't be as bad as you look. I've just moved in renting the Pearson's home two doors along."

"What have you done to them?"

"Nothing, absolutely nothing. They have gone to Ireland...oh I see, that was a joke wasn't it?"

Frank had visions of a rat sniffing the remains of his burger and wished she'd get on with it and allow him to beat the rat to the remains.

"My name is Nancy Best, recently widowed, and I'd like to borrow a cup of sugar."

She held out an empty cup.

"Why me? Have you been told I'm single and sexy?"

"You sexy? What a laugh," she said, not laughing. "Well?"

"I suppose so. Were the Robinson's too mean to loan you sugar."

"You mean the people living between us?"

She swept her hair back and the movement caught Frank's eye to a nice pair of tits. "They are out. Only the dog tried to answer the door."

Frank grunted and said she better come in.

"No way, not with you undressed."

"Please yourself." He grabbed the cup, unintentionally showing bared butt, filled it, and handed it back and closed the door before she had finished saying thank you.

He grinned and throught good riddance but that changed a little when back on the sofa, licking his fingers after finishing the burger, he thought of shafting Widow Best on the sofa while they listened to Mendelssohn. No, perhaps a military tattoo would get a good rhythm going. One with a drum roll in the finale he thought and suddenly found he had an erection.

"What is this?" he said looking at the fat penis in surprise, having only visited the female's hostel at the Happy Holiday Inn two nights earlier. 

Two nights later the woman called him and said could he come over, her kitchen sink was blocked. 

He replied no, and added grumpily, "Get yourself a man."

Frank slammed down the phone thinking cheeky bitch and then thought oh fuck, that was unkind. She'd said recently widowed and looked a little younger than him, not quite thirty. She'd now be bawling her eyes out.

He grabbed a wrench and a plunger and went up to the Pearson's house.

Nancy answered the door knock, looked at him and said "Go Away" and slammed the door but he was too quick for her and thrust the wrench in the closing gap between the door and door frame. Only he had his fingers over the wrench exactly where the door closed, didn't he?

"Oh fuck," he shouted and she opened the door to see what was bugging him now, saw the blood and sat on the floor, looking very white.

"Don't sit you silly bitch. Get me a towel," Frank groaned.

She staggered off, telling him to come in and close the door, and returned with a towel and bowl of water, not looking so pale.

"Sit down while I attend to you."

He sat and she went on to her knees giving him a great look down her dress front as she leaned over.

"Ohmigod, you could lose both fingers."

Frank fainted.

He awoke to feel his head was against something soft. Only balloons or a woman's breasts could be that soft. She bent over him and her tears dropped on to his face and she wiped them away with fingers.

"I'm sorry I injured you. Actually it's not as bad as it first looked, just two superficial cuts that I have managed to close with band-aids."

"Really."

She nodded and said should she take him home to bed or would he prefer to attend to her block drain?

Well, it was unlikely she'd want to fuck him so Frank said drain and though he heard her whisper "My hero" but couldn't be certain.

"I really don't want to leave your breasts."

"Mention my breasts again and I'll knife you, and upward thrust through the gut."

This time there was nothing wrong with Frank's hearing. He was up in a shot, feeling pain in his hand and thinking about an upward thrust that had nothing to do with sex. He walked to the kitchen and the woman (he'd forgotten her name already) walked behind carrying the wrench and plunger.

A useless plunger was on the bench. Frank brushed it aside and used his big one. Just one thrust and the drain gurgled and the water emptied in a rush, surprising even him.

"My God, you are a genius," she said, hugging him. He could smell perfume and perhaps a faint whiff of pussy but she made no effort to whip out a breast for him. Obviously she was not THAT grateful. Thirty seconds later Frank had been marched through the front door and it closed behind him. How grateful was that? Not even the offer of coffee.

Almost a week later Frank was driving home in rain and he spotted her walking, sheltered under an umbrella and lugging groceries. He went by her and working gas pedal and handbrake executed a brilliant turning slide around beside her. She shrieked but held her ground. He opened the door and said, "Hi, hop in."

She climbed aboard and said, "We're facing the wrong way. Our homes are back there. And why did you just say hi -- have you forgotten my name already."

"Oh fuck she was about to mangle him. Suddenly a name beckoned. "Of course not, you're Widow Best."

"Don't you ever, ever call me that name again. I'm either Nancy to you or nothing."

Armed with that name, now committed to memory, Frank said, "Okay, okay Nancy, No need to get bitchy. How did your husband die?" He thought it safer not to add had she killed him.

"Jeremy was shot by a husband who found him with his wife. She was also fatally shot."

"Well that removed two problems for the guy. Sorry about your loss."

A minute later Nancy "Thank you." and Frank knew he, with his big mouth, could breath easy again.

"Come and share dinner with me tonight."

"No thanks."

"Why not?"

"I don't have much to do with women."

Nancy smiled and said she'd figured that out, as women were good at reading men.

"What do you mean?"

"Oh nothing."

"You must have meant something."

She laughed and said come to dinner. "Who knows, you might get lucky?"

"What sort of lucky?"

"What sort of lucky would you like Frank?"

"Are we going around in circles?"

"No we've come along a straight route and are now outside my house you good man. I'm expecting you at 8:00."

"And if I'm late or a no-show?"

Nancy grinned. "I come after you Frank."

"W-with a knife?"

"You're rather smart for a man Frankie. Thank you for the ride."

At home he parked the SUV shaking his head. Crazy mixed up broad; he'd rather offer his dick to a woodpecker than to her. Er, woodpecker?"

A soothing piece of Mozart was playing. She kissed him and said go into the lounge and strip off. I'll be in with drinks in a minute and you can undress me."

He turned to run.

"STAY!"

He froze, she shut the door, gave him a whack on the ass and walked off to the kitchen.

Frank stood awkwardly by the open fire with half a boner, wondering whether to slap it senseless or work it up to fully erect when she entered and handed him a bottle of beer. Her preference was wine.

"Jesus Frank, look at what I've been missing?"

She wasn't just looking at his dick but all over. "You muscular honey. Undress me Frank.

He unbuttoned the top and pulled it away. Easy. Her tits were about to burst from the bra. He groped around her back until she said, "Try the bow at the front honey."

She reached down and grabbed Frank and said in babytalk, "Oh little darling, are you honey's honey. You are a bitsy-witsy big for your age."

Nancy, still holding him, turned a hip toward him and he saw the button over the side zip. He had her skirt off in a flash and licked his lips when seeing she was in hold-ups.

"Be okay if I remove only the panties."

"It's you call. I'm doing dinner. You are in charge of seduction."

Frank removed the panties and sniffed them. She said she thought it was an awful smell unless aroused.

"It's a great smell," he offered and as a 'What now?' look came across her face he grabbed Nancy and threw her over the end of the sofa. He nosed in under her butt cheeks, tasted pussy and then drawing back a tad blew on it.

Nancy shrieked and shuddered.

Frank pulled Nancy to her feet and grinning said, "May we eat?"

"An entrée and then will you do my properly. You can't leave me like this."

Nancy brought in a dozen fresh oysters for him and half a dozen for her. He scoffed his and she ate hers delicately.

"No, don't eat that last one. Stick it into your pussy and I'll hook it our for you."

"Oh how revolting," she said. He flexed his shoulders and cracked his knuckles and she pushed the last oyster into herself and stood up, cheeks flaming.

There was plenty of space on the table so Frank lifted her on to the table and lowered her down.

"Suck your thumb," he commanded, and she obeyed. He then went down on her and after some unnecessary fiddling hooked out the oyster.

"Here, eat it."

"Yuk no."

Frank clamped his teeth through half of the oyster and began kissing her. When he pulled away he only had half left so swallowed, looking at the intensity in her eyes.

"Fuck me Frank, harder than you've ever fucked a woman before."

They moaned and then screeched, groaned and yelled until both of them came excessively. By then the heavy table was five feet away from its original position, jammed against the dinning room dresser.

"God you animal," the animal's mate wheezed to Frank.

Setting off at 4:00 am. Frank thought he'd need crutches to get home, but he finally made it. He knew it was the end. He'd been seduced by a very crafty woman. As a result of accepting an invitation to a planned seduction he'd be given away peace and quiet, his personal freedom, most of his money, his record and CD collections and his comic collection would go and in all probability his X-rated DVD collection would go.

Well, nothing lasts forever he said. Nancy had said she'd like to move in at the weekend and he'd agreed, saying she could stay for as long as she continued providing him with the best fucks he'd ever received. If the standard dropped, she was out.

"Oooh," she'd said. "I'm aiming to fuck you to death."

Well, she obviously liked to joke. That was a joke. Wasn't it? He thought he should check into her husband's death and make sure there was no more history of deaths in her wake. But did he really need to worry. Death by fucking...what a way to go!

THE END