 NOTE TO READERS

This is a longer form story than what I typically write. Let me know if you like this length or not. Looking to see if there is a niche on this site for long-form stories.

****************************

I was riding my bike home, glad for the rain that hid my tears. Business was slow, so my boss sent me home without working. The bastard, and after making me wait for nearly an hour in the restaurant, unpaid, to see if business picked up. I really hated the prick, it's not the first time he's screwed me on my paycheck, and he's such an ass about having to take time off for classes, acting as if I should quit college so I could flip burgers for the rest of my life.

Dammit, I needed that money. Books cost more than I expected this quarter, and I hadn't saved enough. Lisa, my best friend and roommate, had talked me into going to the beach for Spring break. Now I'm not going to be able to cover my portion of the rent, and I had already owed Lisa a hundred dollars for last month. 

Of course, Rory, a guy I had met at the beach, had made it worth my time. I still can't believe I slept with a guy I had just met only hours before. Lisa was definitely rubbing off on me. I had only been with two guys before Rory, my first boy friend, who I still loved, though we had said goodbye before I came to college, and another guy who I dated on-and-off my first year of college, but we never really had that much in common.

When I finally got back to my small, two bedroom apartment, soaking, cold, and angry, I was glad that Lisa wasn't home. I really didn't want to talk about it, it would just make me mad all over again. I made dinner for myself. My diet now consisted almost entirely of ramen, rice, oatmeal, and tap water. Every once in a while I would treat myself to a can of soup. This was not how I pictured college life.

After I finished dinner, I decided to go into my room and look for another job. It was difficult to find part-time jobs near the college, but I looked on a regular basis, hoping to find anything that would let me quit my job.

I heard Lisa come in, accompanied by a male voice, probably her boyfriend, but you never knew with her. I hadn't met him yet; I should probably go say hi, but wasn't feeling up to it. Besides, based on the sounds I was hearing, I didn't think they were in the chatting mood either. Great, I was going to have to hear her having sex. That's not going to help me study. I really wished our bedrooms didn't share a wall, or at least had better insulation.

I couldn't quite make out what they were saying, but I could tell when I started to hear the moaning that they had already moved past the petting phase. Lisa always had good luck with guys. She didn't go long without a boyfriend, and they were always gorgeous. I envied how natural flirting was for her. Whenever I tried, it always felt stupid and awkward.

The moaning got louder, reminding me how long it had been since Rory. I heard Lisa's boyfriend, I think his name is Sam, grunting. Lisa was probably giving him a blowjob. I recalled unzipping Rory and taking him out for the first time. Holding him in my hand, teasing him with my tongue, watching his head tilt back in pleasure as I swallowed him. I couldn't believe that I had only met him a few hours before and already had his dick in my mouth. I had never done anything like that before. He was so incredibly cute. Oh man, I was starting to get horny.

I remember him moaning as I sucked his hard dick, letting my tongue run along it. He sounded a lot like Sam was sounding now. I moved my laptop off the bed and started to rub my breasts through my shirt. I realized where this was going and decided that I could use the distraction, so stripped down to just my panties and bra and started touching myself again. 

After a few minutes of this, I heard Lisa say something that sounded like, "Oh yeah, lick me just like that," from the other side of the wall. Her moaning afterward made me suspect that he was down with that. Rory had done that as well, but he had stopped too soon. He was actually the only guy that had ever done that for me, and I really enjoyed it. If he had only continued for a few more minutes, I was sure I would have had an orgasm. I let my hand drift down between my legs and started playing with my clit.

Lisa's cries brought me out of my reverie. Her boyfriend really seemed to know what he was doing. I picked up the pace on my clit as I listened to her crying out for more. Damn, I wish Rory had let me finish. I wondered what Lisa's boyfriend looked like. She didn't seem to have a type; sometimes they would be big, muscly men and other times they would be lean and more athletic looking. Race didn't seem to matter, nor age. She had dated a guy a few months ago that was in his forties. Damn handsome though, I wouldn't have turned him away. Funny, she dated another guy that I had a bigger problem with his age than the forty-something guy. He was cute, but it seemed wrong to date a guy in high school, even though he was eighteen, only a couple years younger than us.

I felt the wall shake, then it shook again. They must have changed positions and Lisa was getting pounded hard. The shaking continued in a staccato rythym and I wondered if the walls shook when Rory fucked me. I probably would have been mortified if I had known somebody heard us, but right now, it was turning me on thinking that there might have been somebody on the other side of the wall masturbating like I was while listening in.

I took off my panties, climbed under the covers, and rolled onto my belly, with my hips elevated and fingers on my clit. I masturbated more frequently standing in the shower, but this was my preferred position. I had the back of my hand resting on the bed with two fingers pressing against my clit and started grinding on them, pressing my hips faster then slower while I moved my fingers around. I moaned into my pillow.

I heard Lisa having another orgasm. My fingers were becoming slick from the juices leaking out of my pussy and my muscles were starting to tighten as I was getting close to my own climax. 

Her boyfriend started to grunt and I clearly heard him say, "I'm going to cum!", followed by Lisa saying, "Cum inside me. I want your cum inside me!" His grunting picked up and my moaning did as well. The wall stopped shaking and I didn't hear anything else coming from next door. I knew what was happening right now. 

I could picture Rory's face above mine, looking like he was in pain, feeling his cock inside me twitching as he came inside me on that vacation. I started moaning loudly and my hips pressed down onto my hand as I lost control over my body. Waves of ecstasy washed over me and I was no longer thinking, just feeling the white hot orgasm that I had given myself.

***

Lisa's boyfriend was gone by the time I woke up the next morning. I was sitting at the table eating my oatmeal when Lisa came in, wearing just a short, silky robe. She didn't have any body issues. I remembered how upset I was when we first started living together and she walked out of her room stark naked. She laughed and said that I was going to have to deal with it. It was our first argument. At least she now wore a robe.

"Hey Deb, sorry about last night. I didn't realize you were home from work already."

I realized she must have heard me to know I was home, my cheeks burned. Stupid thin walls; this was why I typically masturbated in the shower. I couldn't believe she caught me. Ahh, Sam probably heard it too. I hadn't even met him yet. How would I face him?

"I'm so embarrassed. I didn't mean for you guys to hear me."

"Hey, babe, don't worry about it." She held up her index and middle fingers and flexed them while giving me a wink, "We all do it sometimes. Besides, Sam liked it. We had another round not long after, though we tried to keep it quiet so we didn't disturb you any more."

I didn't really know what to say. I certainly didn't want to talk about it anymore, though it sort of turned me on knowing I had been caught. So I just continued to eat my oatmeal. My boring, blah, so-sick-of-it-I-was-ready-to-chuck-it-out-the-god-damn-window, oatmeal.

Lisa continued, "Weren't you supposed to be working late last night?"

"Yeah, but Stan, the fucktard, sent me home without letting me work." I was already pissed again. "He made me sit in the restaurant for nearly an hour before he sent me home. And now I don't know if I'll be able to make rent this month."

"Don't worry about it. I've got you covered."

"Thanks, but I feel bad when you have to pay my rent. It's not like you have much more money than I do. I still owe you a couple hundred for last month."

"I know you're good for it. And if not, meh. It's only money."

"Thanks, you really are the best!"

"What are bff's for if not to help out when needed? Besides, I've got some extra cash this month. But if you are needing money, there is always Philip."

"I don't know. It seems like it would be so awkward." Well, that was certainly not as strong of a no as I had given the last time she asked me to pose for erotic photos. Was I really considering it?

"Why don't you just go on down to the studio and check it out? You don't have to do it if you aren't comfortable with it. I've been down there, and they are totally cool. They treat you like a movie star, and don't pressure you at all; you don't even have to get naked."

"You've done it?" 

"Of course. I wouldn't want to send you down there if it was skeasy. Besides, you only live once, right? My body won't last, and I wanted to know what it would be like. That's actually how I met Sam. I had a lot of fun. I think you will too." 

I hadn't known Lisa had done it. I was about to ask to see the photos before I decided I probably didn't need to see erotic photos of my best friend. Well, if she did it and said I would like it, perhaps I would. Even though we had very different personalities, she was usually pretty good about knowing what I would like or not.

Besides, I would love to tell Stan to go fuck himself as I walked out of a shift. OK, probably won't be able to do that on what I would make at the photo shoot, but a girl can have dreams.

"Maybe I could check it out. How much do they pay?"

***

I took the bus to the studio. It was a large house, about double the width of any of the other homes, in an older, but nice urban residential neighborhood. The houses were close together, but there was just enough space that somebody could walk between them as long as they kept their arms close to their sides. None of the houses had garages and the streets were filled with cars.

I walked past the studio, too nervous to go in. I walked around the block and was about to get back on the bus when I thought about Stan taking away my shift and not being able to pay rent. I took a deep breath and walked back to the studio. I opened the gate at the street and went up the little path to the front door, my heart beating a million beats per minute. A small sign in the window next to the door showed that I was in the right place. Was I supposed to knock? Or walk in? I decided to knock.

A woman came to the door and greeted me. When I told her who I was, she gave me a quick hug, introduced herself as Irene, Philip's assistant, and told me how excited she was that I made it. I had been worried that they would be upset because I was late for the appointment after walking around the block, but if she was, she showed no sign of it.

Irene gave me a tour of the studio, the reception area looked like something from a lawyer's office or something. Very professional, other than the artwork on the walls was erotic in nature, though mostly just toned abs and graceful curves, no blatant nudity. My eye caught on a photo that looked like a recreation of the Discobolus of Myron, the famous ancient greek sculpture of a nude male throwing a discus. The only thing protecting his modesty was the strategic position of his leg. I think I would enjoy having that one up on the wall of my bedroom, thin walls be damned.

The next room was the studio itself. It took up most of the rest of the floor, though there was a small kitchen and break area in the back of the house. The studio had a number of sets, including one with a bed, another that looked like a torture chamber or something, and a couple others. There were quite a few props nearby, some made me blush a little.

Upstairs was like a salon and clothing store put together, though most of the clothes were fairly skimpy. Irene introduced me to Paul, a stylist, and Patty, the wardrobe specialist. We chatted for a few minutes before Irene showed me to one of the dressing rooms that had been set aside "for the stars", Irene comically over-emphasizing the phrase along with waving her hands in a dramatic fashion. 

The room was nicely appointed. A comfortable looking small couch took up one wall, and a makeup station and three-way dressing mirror the other. A window looked out onto the street and a closet made up the fourth wall.

Irene said, "Lisa told us that you were nervous about doing a shoot. How would you feel about taking a few test pictures? You can just wear what you are wearing now or you can pick something out. Perhaps some evening wear? Patty can help you find something nice that you will feel comfortable in. We'll have Paul do your hair and makeup. Of course, we won't pay you for the shoot since we really can't use the photos, it's not that kind of studio. But we do like to make sure our models are comfortable. It will also help us know how well you take direction and whether the camera likes you or not."

"That sounds OK." That actually made me feel pretty good. I was worried they were going to expect me to pose in lingerie right away. Actually, this whole experience so far was way outside what I was expecting. Regardless of Lisa's description, I thought the place was going to be sleazy, with a bunch of gross guys hanging out or something. The reality was far from that. The lighting was good, the people friendly, everything seemed new or well cared for. 

Irene had me sign some release forms, then Patty sized me and found me a dress and Paul did my hair and makeup. When I looked into the mirror, I couldn't believe who was looking back. My hair was lightly curled, and the dress fit me perfectly, showing off plenty of cleavage. If I had the courage to walk into a club looking like this, I doubt I would have any trouble getting drinks.

I walked as confidently as I could downstairs and into the studio, the bright lights nearly blinding me. 

Once my eyes adjusted, I saw Irene talking to a man that I recognized. I had seen his photo on the website for the studio. It was the famous Philip D'Armon. He came over to me and took my hand in his, "It is a pleasure to make your acquaintance, Deborah. You look ravishing." He then brought my hand to his mouth and kissed it lightly before gently dropping it. It seemed natural to him, not cheezy, like some frat boys try to do.

The shoot was amazing. Philip and Irene made me feel very comfortable, and they respected my limits, which was nice. I was beginning to think that maybe I could do this.

Going home was interesting. My hair and makeup were still done up, though I was wearing just a pair of grungy jeans and a sweatshirt. It seemed like everybody was staring at me. I just pretended to not notice, but enjoyed the feeling.

Lisa met me at the door of the apartment. "How did it go? Did you like it? What did you think of Philip?"

"Breath in, breath out," I said to her and we both laughed. She had a habit of speaking quickly and not letting others have an opportunity to participate in the conversation, but she knew about her problem and had a good sense of humor about it.

I continued, "You were right. It was fun. And Philip was amazing."

"Do you have your photos?"

"No, not yet. He said he would send them later tonight or tomorrow."

"That's right, sorry. That's actually better than his regular shoots. He can take a week or two with those. I don't think he puts as much effort into the test photos, but they are amazing anyway."

I told her all about my experience, and she surprised me by talking about hers. Apparently, she had done a full nude photo shoot with a nude male model, who was now her boyfriend, Sam. I blushed when she told me they had sex in front of the camera. She asked if I wanted to see the photos, but I declined, still not wanting to see my bff like that.

The photos came after dinner. We pulled them up and went through them together. Damn, I looked good. He really was a master. I know I didn't look like this normally. I suppose he was right about the poses that were a little bit uncomfortable could turn out very well. Philip seemed to be an expert in capturing my best features and ignoring my worst. 

Before I went to bed that night, I practiced the poses in the mirror. I could see how they accentuated my curves. I wondered if I would have the courage to pose like this at the night club that Lisa and I went to on occasion, when we had the funds to get in the door anyway. I really needed to get one of those sexy black dresses.

***

The next day, Irene sent me an email inviting me back for a real photo shoot. The email included a few dates and times that I could choose from as well as asking me what name I wanted to be known as. The legal documents, including pay records, would have my real name, but I would be known in the studio and publicly under any name I wanted. They recommended this in order to help preserve some privacy.

The email also included a document that showed different poses and the amount they were willing to pay if I agreed to them. Just the amount for the solo lingerie shoot was more than I made at the burger place in a week. The top rate was for hard-core anal sex. No way, not even for that much money, which would allow me to quit my regular job, though I would have to find a new job sometime next quarter. Even better, this was just an advance. I also got ten percent of revenue for five years from any photos that were sold, once the advance was paid.

I looked through the photos in the document and decided that I would be willing to do a lingerie shoot with a male model. It would be more than enought to make rent this month and pay back Lisa. Hopefully, I wouldn't get behind again. I just needed to plan a little better, no more vacations until I graduated. I certainly wasn't going to be comfortable being half-naked with a male model, but I hadn't seen any ugly ones yet. I really hoped that Lisa was right about it, and that I wouldn't regret my decision later. I replied, along with selecting a date that worked for me and providing them the alias of Loren.

I couldn't believe I was going to do this. I felt so naughty. Looking at the photos had obviously turned me on, and thinking about what I was going to be doing with one of those sexy men from the photos turned me on even more. I took off my clothes, and opened the document to some of the sexier pictures, imagining myself at the shoot. I performed the poses while I looked at myself in the mirror and masturbated. It didn't take long before I gave myself an orgasm. In fact, I ended up giving myself a few orgasms that night.

***

It was the day of the shoot. I got on the bus and headed to the studio. I wondered what it was going to be like. Who would be the male model? I wasn't even going to know their real name. How crazy was that?

Irene met me at the door, "Loren, how wonderful of you to come today." They were expecting me, but I suppose it was part of making me feel welcome and letting me know that they were using my alias instead of my real name.

She ushered me upstairs where Paul and Patty got to work right away. Paul wanted to cut my hair short. I didn't want to at first, but after showing me a few photos, he talked me into it. He thought it would accentuate my neck, which he called "graceful". "Philip will love it, so will you, dear."
