 KN stood over the small woman, his eyes devouring her bare beauty. Her small, slender, graceful body made his mouth water. The pale bikini stripes across her heightened his interest in her. She lay on her back, one knee bent, concealing nothing from him. The dark brush of her pussy seemed to almost tug at his cock from a distance - it was like a magnet pulling at him. Bending over her, he closed his hands over the soft mounds of her breasts. Her skin was cool from the swim and satin smooth. Her nipples burrowed into his palms as he mashed the fleshy globes against her graceful ribs. Aaaahhh," Vijaya moaned softly as fire washed through her. She knew she shouldn't be enjoying this, but knew, too, that she was going to. Her head rolled with building excitement, her fingers curled.

Releasing one of Vijaya's breasts, he reached down and touched the inside of her knee. Gently, he pushed outward, spreading her leg to expose more of her pussy. Huddled far down between her graceful thighs, deep in the heart of her black bush, nestled in the crevice between her pouting, full labia, was a flash of exciting brown flesh. His probing finger had already told him that her vagina was almost virginal - much tighter and hotter than his wife's.

He stroked the back of his fingers down the silken flesh on the inside of her thigh. Reaching her pussy, he spread her labia carefully. Her inner folds were a brilliant brown pink, shining wet, slick and juicy. The bud of her clitoris gleamed like a pearl in the bright sunlight. After coating his finger with her juices, he gently teased that nerve-loaded button.

"Wwaaahhh," Vijaya moaned at the sparkling blue sky. Her toes tensed, her hips rolled and twisted. Fire was slashing through her sun-baked flesh as she lay naked and not protesting under the man's insolent explorations. "Aaawww," she moaned again as her lust soared higher. She tried to tell herself that she was impatient for him to get it over with, but knew that wasn't really it. She wanted his cock in her, deep inside her, that was what she was impatient for. She reached out blindly and found the hard, hot shaft. A burning drop of slippery fluid seared her fingers as she curled them around the knob-head of KN's hard pulsing prick. She stroked the powerful, heavy cylinder, trying to build his excitement, encouraging him to thrust his prick into her belly.

he woman fondling KN's cock was writhing like an animal in the bright sunlight. His hands looked brown and hard and brutal against her soft, pale flesh. One hand still engulfed one of her breasts. A pert, pink nipple peeked out from between his pinching fingers. He diddled the steaming folds of her weeping pussy with the fingers of his other hand. Her slick secretions had coated his fingers. Her hot milking grip around his thrumming, ready prick was lifting him higher and higher.

Finally, Ripu KN lowered himself onto the petite real estate agent. he aluminum and plastic of the lounge groaned as his weight was added to hers. Her skin felt like satin against his hairy body.

Vijaya spread her thighs wide as he came down on her. She kept hold of his cock until she had nestled its head at the opening to her ready vagina. Then she awkwardly pulled her hand from between them and clutched his hard, muscular back. She heaved her hips up in an attempt to get the cock she needed so desperately into her. Vijaya's pussy embraced the sensitive head of Steve KN's cock like a velvet glove. Thrilled with the hot, gripping tightness of her tunnel, he eased his phallus into her with gentle, careful pumps of his hips. She was tight, deliciously, delectably tight, a hot clinging sheath of living flesh embracing his stocky cock. He could feel wisps of wiry pubic hair scratching the skin of his shaft as he eased it into her.

"Aaaawww, fuck me," Vijaya moaned, wrapping her legs around his muscular hips and urging him deeper. She spurred him on with her heels, urging him further into her hot, hungry hole. "Fuck me," she whispered. Her animal lust had burned away all of her hesitations and inhibitions. All that mattered now was reaching that wonderful, burning peak of pleasure.

KN was grinning ferociously, his muscles knotting as he bored his explosively swollen prick into the hot, willing, eager body under him. He clutched her firm flesh with his powerful fingers as he piston his cock into her eager pussy. Vijaya was heaving and jerking under him, her hips lifting and driving against his thrusts. His pubic arch smashed against hers, pulverizing her clitoris into a patch of fiery pleasure. She clawed at his broad tanned back, kicked his muscular working buttocks with her heels, to spur him deeper then pushed her feet against the lounge in an attempt to raise her pelvis higher. The rivets and joints of the lounge squealed in protest at the pounding action. The enclosed pool deck rang with the slapping, heaving, panting, gasping juicy sounds of their linking.

"Aaww, awww, awwww, I'm cum-I'm cum-minggg," Vijaya gasped. Her athletic young body arched clear off the lounge as she climaxed.

With an animal whoop of pleasure, Ripu KN slammed his cock deep into the straining body under him, and rode out her violent orgasmic bucking. His own cum was hanging barely out of reach as he brought her off in a gush of juices so copious that they drenched their tangled pubic bushes.

"Aaaahhhh," Vijaya sighed, her muscles relaxing as her orgasm faded away. She lay limp under KN, fighting for breath. It wasn't until he began to move again that she realized that he hadn't yet climaxed. She lay on her back, dazed, feeling his huge phallus piston and squashing in her fulfilled vagina. She was too exhausted to do anything other than just lie there limp, taking his powerful, demanding thrusts. Then suddenly, she was roaring up that searing slope of pleasure again.

Ripu KN heaved his cock into the lax body under him, pounding his shaft into her. His head nestled in the curve of her neck and he rammed his hungry phallus into her clinging sheath again and again and again. He felt her breasts mash flat against his unforgiving chest, felt her nipples burning into his skin. He was aware of her pubic bush scrubbing against his, her sleek, smooth thighs rubbing against his hard hairy ones. It all added up to an incredible symphony of sexual sensations, a blazing orchestration that was building toward a crashing carnal finale. He heaved and thrust and felt the fire explode outward from his groin. Ripping pulses of thick semen pattered deep in the heart of Vijaya Sanorita's body as he poured his load into her.His body knotted and strained as he speared her guts with his spouting tool.

"Aaaaawwww," Vijaya wailed. She felt limp as an old dishrag as a second orgasm blazed through her. She felt every quiver of the cock convulsing in her vagina and instinctively milked the pulsing, pumping organ with her muscular channel. Then the pulsing inside her slowly died away, and Vijaya's pleasure faded. As her lust went away, nausea and disgust at what she had just done filled her. Squeezing her eyes shut, she fought back tears of shame. Her vagina seemed to snap shut as the man climbed off her, his dripping cock spraying her thighs with their mixed juices. She didn't get up from the lounge until she heard him dive into the water.

On shaking legs, Vijaya stood up. She felt sweaty, soiled and filthy. For a moment she debated, then decided it would make little difference now. She went to the edge of the pool and executed a smooth, graceful dive into the cool, refreshing water. She swam the length of the pool and back, twisting and turning to cleanse her body of the lust-sweat and cum, then hauled herself out onto the hot deck. After dying herself with Ripu KN's towel, she dressed. Then she took the listing agreement from her purse and filled in the blanks.

KN stopped swimming. Standing in the shallows, his limp cock looking rippled and strange through the water, he took the agreement and the pen from her. His signature was as bold as his gaze.

"Thanks," he said shortly, handing the signed agreement back to her.

"I'll find my own way out," she responded coolly.

Vijaya didn't start to shake until she was sitting behind the wheel of the car. Then she leaned forward and rested her head on the cracked steering wheel and shook. Finally she regained her composure.

Now, to make it all worthwhile, she had to get the buyer.

* * *

Vijaya was relieved to find the brokerage office unoccupied. She deliberately left the blinds drawn and re-locked the door so she wouldn't be bothered. A note on her desk told her none of the other agents would be in. With a weary sigh, she sank down on her chair. A sticky, wet coldness in her panties made her shudder. She was oozing thick, gooey cum. Ripu KN's cum.

She decided not to do anything about it. The discomfort seemed a just punishment for her whoring. And that was exactly what it was, she told herself - whoring. She had debased herself, used her body for material gain. It was no better than what she would have had to do if she had kept her job at the Mall. She reminded herself of the reason for what she had done. It had been necessary. It was a matter of life and death. Yes, she had used her body, and yes, she had been unfaithful to her husband. But, it hadn't been her idea, it had been KN's.

Still, she had done what she had done.

The only thing she could comfort herself with was her ultimate purpose. She had improved Uday's chances of survival. There was an uncomfortable "Catch 22" aura to the situation she found herself in. To save her husband's life, she had to be unfaithful to him. To save her marriage, she had to break her marriage vows.

Vijaya rubbed her forehead, fighting a headache. She consoled herself with the idea that she wouldn't have to be unfaithful again. Ripu KN had admitted he was eager to sell, that he needed the cash. And she had his signature on the listing agreement, which was binding. In the acres of fine print there were ways he could wriggle out of the agreement, but they weren't simple. He could, of course, reject any of the offers she got on his property, but it wasn't likely he would. Not if, as he said, he really needed the money.

Vijaya's next task was to convince the potential buyer. The sooner she managed that, the better. Technically, she was an employee of the agency. Technically, the listing agreement and her employment contract bound her to share the listing with the other employees of the agency. She was entitled to the seller's commission, less a percentage to the agency. If someone else found a buyer for KN's house, they would get the buyer's commission.

Vijaya needed both commissions. So, it meant breaking the agency's rule. She slipped the listing agreement under a stack of yellow legal pads in the bottom drawer of her desk. Then, instead of filling out one of the five-by-eight cards that went into the central listing file, she reached for the telephone. If she moved juicily enough on arranging the sale, she might get away with it. If she was found out, she would probably lose her job. She would certainly lose all rights to any commissions from the deal.

"Mr. Badri Dayal, please," she said to the telephone.

"Mr. Dayal, this is Vijaya Sanorita of the Dia Agency. I believe I have just what you want." She nodded. "It's not exactly what you specified, but I think when you see it, you'll like it." She nodded again. "The seller is asking more, but I'm sure we can talk him down to a Crore and a half." Patiently, Vijaya nodded again. "I know and I know that is more than you mentioned - not that much more, though. I'm sure that you'll feel it's worth the extra money. It's an exclusive listing."

"When can you see it?" Vijaya swore quietly to herself. "I'll have to get back to you about when. . . . Yes, I'm sorry I can't arrange it immediately. . . . The seller insists on an appointment. I'll be right back in touch with you, Mr. Dayal. Thank you."

"Shit!" Vijaya said loudly after hanging up the receiver. She had completely forgotten to arrange with KN about showing the house and she had been so flustered when she had left him. Now she was going to have to call him. The last thing she wanted to do was talk with him.

Grimly, she picked up the receiver and dialed the KN's number.

"Mr. KN, this is Mrs. Sanorita," she announced, deliberately being formal and distant.

"No, I am not calling to arrange another morning workout," she informed him icily. "I'm calling to arrange to show your house to a buyer I have in mind. When would be convenient?"

Vijaya flushed pink and then her knuckles whitened as her grip on the phone tightened. "Mr. KN, I have already given you that particular form of kickback. I would appreciate it if, from now on, you would keep our relationship on a suitable businesslike basis. Now, when may I show the buyer the house?"

Vijaya started to make a note on her desk calendar, then changed her mind. She didn't want to leave written evidence of what she was doing right out on her desk top. After carefully writing on a note pad, she tore the sheet of paper off.

"Thank you, Mr. KN. You'll leave the key where? Thank you."

Vijaya sighed with relief after hanging up and then quickly dialed again.

"Mr. Dayal? Vijaya Sanorita again here, the seller will be out of town tomorrow afternoon and the house will be empty. May I pick you up at your office about one o'clock . . .? Very good, I'll see you tomorrow at one."

After hanging up, Vijaya fiddled nervously with the note. Then she folded it carefully in half and put it in her purse. Then she slumped down in the chair, totally exhausted. She had known when she had set out that morning it was going to be a difficult day. But it had become even more nerve-wracking than expected.

As Vijaya slumped at her desk, her elbows pushing the blotter slowly across the polished wood, she became aware of the thick odor of sex that was drifting up from her crotch. Instead of finding the aroma exciting the way she usually did, it made her feel sick. She got up and went into the small washroom, and carefully locked the door. She hauled her soggy panties down and off. Tossing the scrap of nylon in the sink, she turned on the hot water. While they were soaking she dampened a paper towel and hauled her ghaghra up to expose her pussy. The hair was matted and stringy with partially dried cum. Brisk scrubbing separated the twisted coils of curly pubic hair and left it bushy and resilient.

The rubbing and stroking triggered a perverse wave of sexual excitement. She remembered the feel of Ripu KN's stocky, sturdy cock in her vagina and bit her lip. She hated to admit, even to herself, that she had enjoyed the encounter and after wiping the pale smooth flesh on the insides of her thighs clear of cum, Vijaya wadded up the paper towel. The lid of the trash container banged and clattered. After rinsing out her panties, Vijaya hung them over the light to dry and went back out to the empty office. If someone did happen to come in, which wasn't likely, she could make a quick dash for the washroom and retrieve her panties.

Pacing the office only increased Vijaya's awareness of her panty-less state. Cool air touched her swollen tissues, reminding her of the caress of the cool water during her nude swim that morning. She became aware of the exciting silken friction between her thighs, and remembered the hard, scratchy feel of Ripu KN between those same soft thighs. Vijaya tried to control the surge of sexual excitement her memories brought. She stared out at the sunlit street. It had been a fluke, and it wasn't going to happen again. She had never been unfaithful to Uday before, and she wouldn't ever be again. Even as ill as he was, he was all the man she needed, she told herself.

But God, KN's massive cock had felt good piston in and out of her hot hole. It had been big, and delicious, and exciting. If Uday ever heard about what she had done, it would kill him. Disgusted with herself for dwelling on what had happened, and enjoying the reliving of it, Vijaya turned away from the window and went to get her panties. It was going to be a strain to go home and face Uday and act as if nothing had happened, but she had to do exactly that. After the fourth senseless circuit of the office to straighten something that didn't need straightening, Vijaya took a firm grip on herself and made it out the door. Perversely, this time the old car started on the first try. Leaving the usual stinging blue cloud of oil behind her, Vijaya headed for home.

"Vijaya? How'd it go?"

Even though she had been expecting her husband's question, Vijaya hesitated for a split second. She had never lied to Uday before. "Oh, all right. I got the listing, just as I expected."

But not the way I expected, she added silently to herself. She suddenly noticed the faint gleam of sweat on her husband's face. So soon? Was it starting again so soon? "How are you, darling?" she asked softly, bending over to give him a kiss. She caught his faint, distinctive odor - the smell of a body slowly going sour.

"Can't kick," he replied, half seriously.

Vijaya frowned. "Hi- what is it about your knees again?"

Uday grinned tightly, humorlessly. "My knees, my ankles, my hips, my shoulders, my elbows. Hell, even my toes hurt."

Vijaya settled down in his lap and cuddled him tenderly. "Oh, Uday," she said miserably. "Maybe we should call and reschedule your appointment?"

"And lop another half a week off my life?"

Vijaya winced. "With the listing I got today, if I line up the buyer, too, that'll do it."

"Think it'll all pan out?"

"It has to," she said quickly.

"I don't know how you think you're going to do it," he commented innocently.

Vijaya lurched guiltily and then snuggled against him, ignoring the clammy coldness of his skin. " You just be the best damn real estate agent in town."

"And how many hours of work is that going to take?" he asked.

"Vijaya, I want you with me as much as possible. We don't have much time together left."

Vijaya stiffened, angry. His defeatist attitude rankled. He was talking as if she was sure to lose him.

"Uday, I'm working so we'll have each other forever," she argued.

"The vows said 'Till death us do part,' nothing more," he reminded her. "Death separates everyone sooner or later. In our case it's going to be sooner."

"No sooner than necessary." She glared at him. "What's gotten into you? You've never been a quitter."

"I'm not quitting, I'm being quit," Uday replied sourly.

"I'm not pulling the plug, God and that damned Committee is pulling the plug."

Vijaya surged up out of his lap, furious. "Nobody's pulling the plug on you," she snapped. "I don't know why God has done what He's done, that's His business. As for The Committee, they made what seems to them to be the best decision." She was pacing furiously back and forth in front of him. "As for us, we are not giving up. I am not giving up, and you are not giving up. I am not going to let you give up. We are going to fight and keep fighting until we get a dialysis machine!"

And what I went through for you today is not going to be for nothing, she thought bitterly.

Uday slumped wearily. The sweat was thicker on his forehead. It was forming shining beads. "Okay, okay, I'm sorry," he apologized weakly. "I guess the damn damn itching is getting to me."

Vijaya felt a surge of sympathy for him, but no regret for her outburst. She knew it was getting harder and harder for him to fight, and she had to keep him going, any way she could. Of all the symptoms of his disease, the worst was the itching. He described it as a creepy, crawling sensation just under his skin, as if the flesh was softening and melting away.

"Why don't you go get undressed?" she said softly. "I'll run a bath for you, then I can give you a rubdown."
