 Ty to rgraham666 and pure for their editing.

It is an evening in winter. My rooms are warm and their possessions are as I like them: The candle's light reflecting nothing but my signature.  The iridescent quartz egg I have been nervously rolling around in my palm is quite hard, and now quite warm as well. My inner knowing tells me he is near.

The knock is light on the door. He enters without a word, taking me into his arms immediately. He is dressed in a perfectly starched white shirt and faded jeans under a full length charcoal wool coat. He is six feet and two inches tall, with wide shoulders tapering down to narrow hips astride his flat stomach.  He has soft, light brown hair, and very still brown eyes. He has to lean over to embrace my petite frame.  I lay my cheek against his sternum and wrap my arms around his waist. This is unexpected!  I have been encircled; I love the feel of it.  He rocks me slightly back and forth, kissing my blond tresses then laying his cheek against them as our senses commune.

As we stand apart he notices the small object in my hand. Taking it, he comments on its warmth and asks me what it is. I tell him that I have been using it to transfer nervous energy from me. He smiles and embraces me again. He whispers "be still" against my now tingling ear. I have known this man for months, but it has been only earlier this evening that we have moved to be together alone.

He sits down at the end of my hi-backed, dark tapestried sofa. He is simply elegant. One would never know that he hadn't sat there a hundred times before.  He is a very still pool. It calms me, as I sit beside him, just to look at him with my pale blue eyes. I want to drink him. 

Again he wordlessly draws me to him until my side runs along his and my head lies tilted against his shoulder. Our eyes look into each other as our hands explore and our breathing deepens and increases. 

"What are you thinking, beautiful?" 

"That I will only once kiss you for the first time." 

With that we know the time has come. He takes my face in his hands. His eyes do not stray from my plump, parting lips. He moves so slowly! The touch of his tongue is like that of delicate snowflakes upon bare ground. It touches me at the very edge of my sensitivity, then slowly melts over my tongue. His mouth becomes like water, dripping onto me, running over me, swirling around in me, filling me. My mouth is made liquid everywhere he touches. We are becoming intimate in this one orifice. He is making love to my mouth. My only thought is, 'drink, drink this.' 

Never have my senses resonated like this. I offer small resistance as he pulls off and sits up. He slips out of his coat as I slide my back up against the pillow at the other end of the couch. I am wearing a thin black spaghetti-strapped cotton T and faded blue cotton shorts rolled over twice at the waist. As I move I notice the ample cleavage the clingy shirt exposes and feel my thong moistening under the small shorts. I feel very relaxed. One of my firm legs leans against the back of the sofa, the other lays off of it, my foot on the floor. I feel the fire he has started in me.  I do not move and I cannot wait.  

He makes himself comfortable on top of me.  We kiss again. If anything it is even more languorous and luxurious than before. He drapes his tongue onto mine like a painter carefully laying a gossamer piece of fabric about the naked hips of his beloved subject.  I press my breasts against his chest, wrap my arms around his neck and join with him. The passion of our kissing ascends. The heat of the fire he is stoking in me now radiates throughout my core. His hands move over me. I want his hard cock touching me. I know, with growing amazement, that it will wait.

I drop my head back and groan out loud as he slides off of my mouth to plant luscious wet kisses down the side of my neck and across my collar bone to my throat. He runs his long fingers up the back of my fragile neck as he points his tongue, then he slowly draws it up and out to my jaw. He lifts his head and looks me directly in the eye. I let him see what is inside of me with no hesitation, and surprisingly, it is the simplest thing to do. I sense the past moving on. I bask in the simple presence of the moment. His eyes shine, earthy and strong, the ground I have gone to. 

His fingers feel like little torches everywhere they touch my exposed flesh, making me literally swoon. Soon he runs his palms up the covered sides of my ample breasts and circles them again and again over my engorged nipples. He runs his hands up underneath my T to squeeze my breasts together while he breathes gently onto the hot swollen bells, then blows on them to see them swell even more. He is fueling the fire in me. I marvel at his skill.

Oh, but his patience is testing me! I pull my shirt over my head and drop it. Now he can suck on my nipples through the black lace of my bra. Instead, he kisses me again as he plucks my nipples like strings on an instrument, then reaches around and releases my tits from their bonds. He begins the same torturously fine ministrations with his tongue on my now fully exposed breasts. I watch, enraptured, while inside I struggle with my inclination to act, and fight against my inclination to think. 

"Let go," I say aloud, not meaning to. He puts a hand on my forehead and as he draws it back into my hair he pulls his mouth off of my left breast. 

"let go, yes." 

He doesn't know about the painfull memory of the man I called husband. The man that betrayed my love and trust, forcing me to find a new way, rudderless and alone. He doesn't know that he is the first man since that time that I have chosen to grant access to the heavily guarded sanctuary that is who I am inside.

I turn my thoughts away from these things. I push myself up, then begin unbuttoning his shirt. Though I want to, I refuse to move fast. As soon as I am able to reach them though, my tongue takes a greedy turn, encircling his nipples while I suck them, licking them slowly from bottom to top, taking them between my teeth. I am so full of desire for this man! I hear his moans. They make me feel weak and wild at the same time! He releases the cuffs himself and leisurely discards his shirt. I reach for his jeans but feel his hands circle my shoulders and lay me back again. 

"Not now little one" 

I am almost flat on my back. My need is burning me! "Please...."

He eases off my shorts, dropping them on the floor. I watch his eyes drink me in. I am made still by them. He is such a deep well of desire! He leans over, placing one hand around my thigh against the sofa back and with the other he ever so lightly traces along the waistband of my black cotton thong. 

"Please...." He looks into my craven eyes but says nothing, resuming his work. Such is his devotion to pleasuring me. I lay back, blown away.  His tongue traces the waistband now. "Oh yes, oh please!" 

He lifts and pulls over the thin fabric with his forefinger granting entry underneath to his index finger and that incredible tongue. As his mouth plays over my mound, his finger steadily traces my delicate swollen folds. I moan and whimper and draw my head from side to side. Not a sound does he make.

I want to touch his cock! I feel such a need for it. At every turn that I have expected the scene to change, it has not. I am aching and spellbound. 

He kneels between my legs and draws them up to rest against his chest. He loops two fingers under the waistband of my undies, now soaked in his saliva and my juices. I lift my hips to help the fabric escape from beneath me. Before he pulls them over my ankles, he leans forward and takes a deep breath, drinking in my scent from them. His rigid long cock now throbs against my leg. The last stitch of my clothing is discarded. 

He whispers "You are such a fine and lovely woman." The most beautiful feeling fills my heart. His words are like music, making me drift and sway. He runs his hands over the front of my legs, kissing the arch of my foot, then kissing and licking the sides of my calves as he moves his hands around to the back of my thighs. With no warning he forcefully pushes my legs down and apart, my knees stopping just at my shoulders. I cry out in shock as I'm pulled to attention! 

The sudden action and strength of his motion escalates my want to something fierce! The full presentation of my sex seems to be having the same effect. We look at each other intensely, bright flaming fire in both of our eyes. We are like two powerful totems together in a magic circle made of the fire's light. I am a Mountain Lioness. Before me, a beautiful Snow Leopard. I feel his grip on me. I hear him growling low and long. I have no fear.  

He lays over me, his hands at my ankles and his raging hard-on, still covered, against my sex. He suckles each of my breasts passionately. When he draws his still pressing hands back to my ass and lowers his face to my dripping pussy, I begin to pant. 
 "Oh...my...God!" I gasp.

His tongue touches the hairs at the back of my anus like the slightest breeze on a hot day touching the grass on a hill, then moves as such over my pucker and all the way up my glazed slit to my begging clit. 

This tongue would be my master! 

"Oh my God!"  It's all I can say as time after time he pushes my legs forward and tours my sex with the tip of his tongue like a hummingbird's wings fluttering against the air. I have never known such exquisite torture! "Please, I need you!" I whine. 


He pays me no heed. I am left to thrash my head about, squeeze my breasts, pinch and pull on my nipples and run my hands over my own flesh. I am desperate, but I am also honored by his dedication to my pleasure. I am staggered by his discipline. I feel like I am in a dream. 

He finally looks up at me. He lets loose my legs but puts a hand firmly between my heaving breasts. I stretch my legs out and over his shoulders and settle further back on the couch.  He starts again, now with force and from the bottom of my labia. He makes wide tongue strokes, lapping up the juices between my lips. He doesn't stop each strike until he is over my swollen clit. He watches me watch him. He is gauging my reaction. He brings his palm over my weeping cunt and begins to rub his index finger over my "little man." I moan and groan. It feels so good! He changes to moving his finger in figure eights around my clit then down one side and up the other of my hot pink lips. I have no more thoughts, just carnal pleasure, and lust. He puts his finger at my entrance, slick and open, and pushes it all the way in. I cry out! I pant and pant. I feel his hand and finger turn. Now he strokes my depths in the front. 

"You're so sweet to taste beautiful, does my finger inside of you feel good?" 

I am being swept away. His tongue is doing duty on my clit as he inserts another finger into my pussy. I am on the verge of orgasm. He knows I am close to the edge. I am burning down! My hips are rocking back and forth and I am half unconscious when suddenly his tongue is gone and his hand is furiously pumping my cunt, his fingers pushing rapid fire against the ultra-sensitive spot deep inside me. I can't even make words..... I scream, as one of the most intense orgasms ever rips through my core. The second my breathing slows and I open my eyes he does it again! "Fuck!"  I scream as my consciousness is once again shattered by bliss.

When my awareness reforms and my eyes slowly open, I find him on top of me. His very wet jeans and rigid cock are once again pressing into my thigh. He has his elbows on the pillow on either side of my head and is running his fingers lightly through my hair. His simmering eyes are directly above mine. His voice is low but not a whisper. 

"Would you like me to fuck you in your bed?" 

My eyes flare open wide as a new wave of desire grabs me like a riptide. I nod my head in slow motion. He stands and offers his hand to me. I raise mine with an effort. He walks me into my bedroom as if it were his and sits me down on the edge of my massive pine sleigh bed. There are candles here too, and it is by their light that I watch him step back from me, open his jeans, and let them fall over his beautiful long cock and legs to the floor. My mouth has gone dry. This man is masterly! He steps out of his loafers and jeans, stands back tall, spreads his legs and takes his hard glistening cock in his hand with his thumb on top and two long fingers underneath. As his hand moves in slow rhythm spreading pre-cum from head to base I stare transfixed, swallowing hard. 

This is for me! I feel the power of every Goddess from every mystery. He understands the nature of the goddess and is her devotee! I feel that power settle gently inside as I sense him worshiping me.

As he moves forward I lay back and lift my feet from the floor to his shoulders. He releases his cock to take my ankles in his hands and pull my hips to the edge of the woven silk bedcover. I lift my hips and brace my elbows under my hands on my ass. He stations the head of his tool, thick and wet, at the opening that is the goddess' door. I no longer feel any inclination to beg as I am aware that now he brings gifts to me. I feel serenity. He squats and flexes his supple muscles as he gently pushes his offering deep inside of me. I feel the steel of it penetrating: the satisfaction of such an overwhelming need! He takes another long slow stroke, putting his large hands in place of mine on my ass.  My eyes glow in the soft light, then close tight as he changes his devotion to fast, hard, deep, fabulous fucking! 

"Oh yes baby, fuck me, yes!" 

I am overcome by wave after wave of intensely powerful orgasmic spasms. My hands dig hard into the fine cloth as I succumb to the electricity exploding everywhere inside. He holds himself tight against me enjoying my muscles sucking his cock and my face distorted in pure abandon to satisfaction of desire. 

As I begin to recover he leans over and kisses my bellybutton. I feel his hands grip loosen and I whine for him not to leave me. Every inch he pulls out feels like a little death: a little death by phallus. 

I am still panting but now wear the most delightfull smile. With little strength I creep back onto the bed, turning my legs towards the numerous pillows at it's head. He crawls between my legs yet again, spreading his knees wide. The deep well of him reflects an unquenched fire through his dark eyes.  His tool is wet and huge right in front of my admiring eyes.  

He bends over and kisses me. He whispers that he has more to give me. I feel so loved! He gathers several pillows, putting one behind my head and conveying the rest of them together underneath my lower back and smoking ass. Again he drapes my legs over my shoulders, my full breasts squeezed together in between. Again he circumnavigates my sex, this time flicking his luscious tongue back and forth as he takes each hungry tour. I want to be warm poured water but I cannot. The electricity is once again coursing and charging through me, forcing my body to respond. Each time he reaches my asshole I get electrified! He lingers there more and more. "You want my ass" I quietly say. 

He looks surprised; "How did you know?"  

I smile at him. "I could tell." 

I lift my legs and roll off the side of the bed. My feet make a soft pitter patter sound as I cross the dark hall to the bathroom and the cabinet where I keep my perfumes, bath salts and assorted other things.  His eyes do not leave me as I return to my spot with a bottle of fine oil. His brown eyes look at me questioningly despite his need. 

I say exactly what I feel. "I trust you."

I lovingly bathe his cock, balls and pubes in oil. He moans and sighs as his cock twitching in my hands. I am so enjoying pleasuring him this way, but I can't wait to feel him again from the inside. I want his cock in my butt! I lay my head back into the pillow and push the pillows under me more tightly together as he draws my legs all the way up to my shoulders so that I can hold them from behind my knees. I smile as I notice that the intensity of his need has nearly taken him now. He settles between my legs, one hand on the cover between my left leg and side, the other holding the base of his erection, directing it to my nether mound. Even now he takes the time to look up at me. 

"Yes baby, put it in my butt. I want your cock in my ass. I want you to cum deep inside of me. Please, take it...." 

We continue to look at each other. He puts the head of his cock against my pucker. I drizzle a bit more oil over his helmet just as he pushes it in. I take in a staggered breath and feel my whole body fall to him. He gasps and flushes as my body opens and he pushes himself further in. We experience an unbelievable lack of resistance. I am amazed by my level of physical openness and trust; he is simply overcome. He finds the will to pull nearly out one time, then he gives himself over to his desire. His eyes close. He is in ecstasy. His head rises high, his mouth still open wide, then lowers and begins to roll from shoulder to shoulder as he drives his throbbing dick into me again and again. My anal muscles quiver and grasp him during every stroke. He feels so good inside my ass. I know his groans are coming from the very center of him. I purr and spank his butt. He groans and thrusts more aggressively with his hips. 

I can feel him struggling for composure after the long wait. I can feel it in the shaking of his body. I can see it in the sweat glowing on his skin and dripping from his face onto mine.  I know I am witnessing the center of him. I have never felt such intimacy. I want to end his struggle. I want to see him explode in orgasm. "Dearheart, what do you want?" 

He can't even open his eyes. He can barely talk at all.  "I'm...so...close. Please.... let me cum." I do not deny him. I want to feel the gift of his seed deep within me. 

"Yes baby, cum. Don't be quiet though, let me hear everything you feel!" 

"Your ass...is... amazing!" My hands hold his shoulders as he heaves, gasps and tenses everywhere as the first rope of cum explodes from his tightened balls. He pulls back for a second, then drives madly into me over and over until he is thoroughly spent and his seed is running out of my hole.

He crashes onto my body, his head beside mine on the pillow. I wrap my arms and legs around him and hold him tight to me. Seeing and feeling him orgasm inside me makes me feel so full, so connected to him. I can't run enough sweet kisses up his neck. I can't run my hands over his shoulders tenderly enough. I can't be close enough, even with him still inside of me. 

As he begins to recover he turns his head and we smile at each other from the true center of our hearts. I slowly lower my legs and he slips out of me but not away. He rests right by me like a treasure in my care, his head lying against the pillow of my breasts, blanketed in my arms. This amazingly deep, quiet, masterly, loving man has made me let the past be gone. He has walked me away from my will, to ground I have never known, and feelings I have never known so sweetly. He has worshiped me as Femme, the Goddess. I feel blessed, and more alive than I have ever been. 

In time we move. The pillows are back at the head of the bed. He lies against them. His tilted head rests upon the folded hand at the end of his bent elbow. I lay on my side, my leg thrown over his and my chin resting on my hand atop his chest. We are glowing. We are still in the circle. We watch each other as I lightly trace my free hand's fingers up and down the beautiful muscles of his torso and his long outstretched arm. 

Laid out, completely disarmed, he says what is suddenly simple for him. 

"I trust you". 

End

If you like this story please tell a friend! 
