 If there was ever one thing that he knew with his whole body it was this: to give her pleasure was the ultimate experience. 

His tongue ran delicately over her nipples, which were already hard. He heard her give a slight gasp as he did so and took that as his cue to continue. The sensation of his tongue probing around her nipples sent shivers down her back. 

He continued down her stomach pausing at her naval to give that a quick kiss. Then he continued his descent down her body. He unzipped her pants which were already unbuttoned from earlier. They were slightly snug around her hips and he had to give them a tug to remove them. 

Her panties, white with a strawberry right in the center, beckoned him. Again shivers run through her as he softly ran his lips over the cotton. He could feel them become moister as he continued. 

“Don’t tease me like that,” she commanded throwing her head back. He smiled devilishly.

“But I like to,” he said teasingly. 

“Come on,” she whimpered, “you’re going to drive me nuts.”

“That’s the plan,” he chuckled again. 

He ran his tongue up and down the length of her panties. The trembling in her legs told him that her anticipation was growing. She spread her legs a little more and placed her hands on his head. 

He lifted his head up to look into her glowing eyes. The look in her eye told him that she was ready. He always liked to get a girl warmed up before going too far. “It’s like running,” he once explained to a friend. “If you start a race with cold muscles then the entire race will be unenjoyable. You’ll still finish but it won’t be any fun. If you warm up first then you can take your time throughout the race and make a strong finish.”

She was thoroughly warmed up now. Her panties were now quite wet. Sliding his hands all the way up her legs he began to pull them off. He was tempted to just haul off and fuck her right there but he wasn’t that selfish. If there was one thing that his older brother had always told him it was to be a gentlemen, “Ladies first.” A cold breeze swept up through her open legs and she laughed.

“What?” he asked.

“The wind,” she replied, “It’s cold.” He smiled broadly. 

The first thing that she felt was his soft lips on her inner thigh. The kiss sent goosebumps down her leg. Again she laughed. Next was the other thigh. Then the kisses drew nearer and nearer…

He lightly tongued the outer skin and she gasped deeply. He loved when she did that. It was as if she were saying “Yes do it more!” only without any words. Slowly he began to lap deeper and deeper into her. The moans became louder and louder with each successive tongue movement. She could feel the warmth from his tongue inside of her.

The motion he was repeating became quicker and more sporadic. “If you get stuck in a runt,” his brother had told him, “try writing the a,b,c’s. If that doesn’t work then tell her a story one letter a time. Trust me, she’ll like it.” His brother had winked at him then. “I H-A-V-E N-E-V-E-R L-O-V-E-D S-O-M-E-O-N-E S-O M-U-C-H” He wondered if she knew that he was spelling things out. 

The sheets were twisted and the pillows were on the floor. Her fingers ran wildly through his hair as he continued to pleasure her. 

It wasn’t long before he felt her legs tremble. Almost there he thought to himself. This was the part where he would concentrate on one area. Below her curly “V” and above her entrance. He would swoosh his tongue and lap it and lick as quickly as he could. It drove her absolutely crazy when he did this. Her spot. Every girl has a different one, this just happened to be hers. The trembling in her legs stopped for a second and then her body clenched. She let out a loud moan of a pleasure as her muscles slowly released, twitching each time he continued to move his tongue.

“Ok,” she said softly. He ignored her and continued lapping. He hit her spot again and her head shot back. “Ok I said. You’re going to make my head explode if you keep doing that.”

“That doesn’t seem like such a bad way to die,” he joked. “Death by orgasm.”