 "Are you sure you'll be all right?" Vijaya asked, concerned.

"I'll be all right!" Uday snapped. "Go on, get the hell out of here."

"But . . ."

"If you don't go, you'll lose the sale for sure," Uday argued. "And if you do, what will happen to me then will make today look like a tea party. Right?"

"Yes," she agreed softly. "But still . . ."

"Go," he snorted. "Go. There's nothing you can do for me here anyway. Now go, already, before you're late."

Vijaya opened her mouth, then closed it. There was nothing to say. Her feet dragging, she turned, picked up her purse and left the house. Once behind the wheel of the car, she sobbed once. Furious with herself, she coaxed the car to life, blinking back her tears.

Uday was being consumed by a terrible agony. They were stretching the time between treatments much too far, and they both knew it. They were buying desperately needed time, but at a dreadful cost to Uday. Vijaya had wanted to get an emergency appointment and take Uday to the hospital today. This time, though, he was the strong one, and refused. He insisted that the situation with Dayal and KN was too delicate to risk any postponements or cancellations of appointments. Vijaya knew he was right, which made what she had to do harder.

She fogged the streets with pollution as she headed for her rendezvous with Dayal. He was waiting in front of his office when she pulled up and double-parked.

"Here I am, Mr. Dayal," she called out cheerily, leaning across the seat.

The well-dressed man eyed her car dubiously. "Would it be better if we took my car?" he asked.

Vijaya studied him. His wavy red hair was meticulously arranged. He was a big, strapping Panjabi, or at least Punju looking, with fair skin and freckles and blue eyes. His lightweight suit was beautifully and expensively tailored, the shirt and tie color coordinated. Definitely an impressive man.

"Okay," he agreed, opening the door. It let out a groan of protest.

"Just look out for that broken spring," she warned, motioning toward the sharp wire sticking up from the center of the seat. Badri Dayal leaned tentatively against the door, then checked that it was closed tightly before putting his full weight against it. As she pulled out into the traffic, Vijaya was conscious of the man's careful appraisal of her.

"Must inhibit snuggling at the drive-in," Dayal commented.

"What?" Vijaya asked, puzzled.

"The broken spring," Dayal explained. "Must get in the way when you're with your husband."

"Oh, we use the back seat," Vijaya said absently. Then she realized what she had said and blushed furiously.

"Ah ha," the red-haired man responded with a grin.

Vijaya changed the subject. "I'm sure you'll be pleased with the house," she said. "It is a bit more modern than you indicated, I admit. But it has all the features you asked for, including a swimming pool."

"The cost is a little high," he noted.

"I think it's worth it," Vijaya stated confidently, guiding the car around a corner. The engine labored as they headed up into the hills. "I'm certain you'll find it worth the extra money."

"Mmmmm," Dayal replied noncommittally, watching the scenery.

When his eyes shifted back to Vijaya, she felt it and fought the urge to squirm. Fearful of babbling unnecessarily, she held her tongue. Her small size made it necessary for her to sit up very straight to see out of the car. She knew he was studying her trim torso and the way her blouse molded to her breasts. As usual, she wore no bra. She felt a hot flush burn her cheeks.

It was a relief when they reached the KN house. She located the key where Mr. KN had left it and managed to unlock the big door. Pushing it open, she stepped aside to let Dayal go first.

He held back. "It's very modern," he noted.

"But very comfortable," Vijaya countered quickly. "There's none of the coldness or sterility you find in most contemporary houses."

"We'll see," Dayal replied. He stepped through the big doorway.

She escorted him through the house, saying no more than she had to. Her brief experience at selling houses had convinced her it was better to let the house itself do the talking. She tried to gauge the big man's mood, but wasn't successful. She found herself wondering just how he would look without any clothes on, and blushed again. Badri Dayal was impressive - over six feet tall and very well built. He appeared very trim he must work to keep himself in shape. His shoulders were broad, his belly firm, with no hint of a paunch.

Finally they wandered out along the length of the deck surrounding the pool. Dayal leaned his big hands on the railing and looked out over the valley. There was a thirty foot drop to the hillside below.

"Very impressive," he acknowledged.

Vijaya had her back on the scenery. She was more interested in what was going on in Badri Dayal's head. She leaned back against the railing, her hands gripping the redwood behind her. She had her graceful legs crossed. The breeze from the valley stirred her short ghaghra and teased the hair at the back of her neck gently.

"I think the view alone is worth Crore dollars," she commented.

Dayal looked sideways at her. His eyes swept down the graceful line of her body. "Which view?" he asked.

Vijaya resisted the urge to fold her arms defensively across her breasts, and held her pose. "That one," she replied with a toss of her head.

"What about this one," he countered, nodding in her direction.

Vijaya felt herself flushing slightly. "I'm hardly the judge of that," she answered carefully.

"Well spoken," he told her with a smile. "What's in this deal for you?"

"Huh? My usual commission. That's all," Vijaya answered, her fingers gripping the rail tightly. 

"What if I told you I'd give you the same commission, even if you could get the price lower?" the colored-haired man asked carefully.

Vijaya took a deep breath, and felt her nipples rub the inside of her blouse. Her tits stiffened sharply. She didn't glance down, but saw Dayal's eyes slide to her breasts and knew it showed.

"That would be unethical - illegal, in fact," she replied.

"Hmm," the man acknowledged wordlessly. His eyes were still on her breasts.

Vijaya took a deep breath, and straightened her back a fraction. Inside, she was shaking. "Besides, it's impossible," she explained. "The seller will not go below Crore and a half."

"And you think it's worth it," he observed, shifting his gaze to her face.

Vijaya was wrestling with herself. Dayal was poised on a knife edge, ready to tumble either way. She knew what she was going to have to do in order to get the sale. Inside she was a mixture of shame, disgust, and, undeniably, excitement.

"Why don't we go inside and look at the house again," she suggested softly.

"Including the master bedroom?" the man asked.

"We might even start there," Vijaya answered. She led the way across the deck to the sliding glass doors that opened out onto the deck from the master bedroom. It was on the outer end of one leg of the horseshoe. It had windows on three sides, and was suspended out over the valley. In the center of the room was a king-sized bed.

In the air-conditioned coolness, Vijaya turned to face Badri Dayal. Kicking off her sandals, she went up very close to him and unbuttoned his suit jacket. Spreading it open, she brushed his firm, strong torso with gentle fingers. It was, she reflected, much easier the second time.

"What do you think?" she asked softly. "Is it worth it?" She tipped her head back and looked into his frank blue eyes.

"It's still just a little soon to say for sure," he countered.

"True," Vijaya agreed. She carefully eased his jacket back off his shoulders and down his arms. She hung it carefully over the back of a nearby chair. "But, I'm confident you'll agree with me in the end," she told him.

She released his sapphire tie clasp then attacked the neat knot at his throat. As she did, his strong hands gripped her shoulders, then slid down to her ribs. His fingers squeezed her, as if he was testing the durability of her diminutive body.

"I am not a china doll," she informed him with a calmness that belied her inner turmoil. She stripped off his tie and hung it with the jacket.

Her fingers trembled slightly as she unbuttoned his shirt, and exposed his chest, freckled and bearing a sparse growth of curly auburn hair.

He stroked his thumbs up over the gentle mounds of her breasts, pressing them through the smooth, cool fabric of her blouse. Her nipples were palpable hard lumps under the cloth. Ashe tormented those delicate buds, he marveled at the slight woman that was undressing him. She had interested him from the first time he had met her. When he had begun the banter out on the deck, he had had little hope that it would actually get him this far. Now that it had, he wondered about the house, and the woman he was fondling. She was right, the house was worth it. Now, he was about to find out if she was. Her petite, fine-boned form in his strong hands excited him immensely.

Vijaya spread his shirt open, running her fingers through the almost kinky hair, brushing them over his nipples. Then she leaned forward and nibbled at his chest, her working lips finding and nuzzling one of his nipples. She ran her tongue around it, tasting his sweat. Suddenly she became conscious of his masculine cologne. A chill struck through her as the pleasant smell reminded her of the sour scent of Uday's decaying body.

Pulling away, Vijaya pushed the shirt back off Badri Dayal's broad shoulders. As she did, he began unbuttoning her blouse. He paused a moment while she carefully hung his shirt up. Somehow, Vijaya knew she had to be meticulously careful with his clothes.

She found herself thinking about Uday. She was worried about him. He had been in a terrible state when she had left. "Beautiful," Badri Dayal commented, stripping Vijaya's blouse off her. As he dropped it, his eyes swept over Vijaya's graceful, slender torso, pausing on the tips of her breasts, the line of her collarbone, the flatness of her stomach.

Vijaya couldn't meet his eyes. She hung her head slightly as he studied her. She wasn't ashamed of her body, but she was ashamed of what she was doing with it. She suppressed a shiver. She tried to ignore her regrets and reached for his belt. The silver buckle clinked musically when she unfastened it. She unzipped his slacks and the fly spread open. The thrust of his cock pushed his underpants out. His hands were on her again, stroking and petting her silken skin, making her whole body burn with lust.

She wondered if whores felt like this with their customers. She had heard that to them, a fuck was nothing more than just business. Didn't they get hot, burn with passion? Why should she be any better than a common prostitute, any different from a call girl? Because she was enjoying what she was doing!! She knelt and eased off Mr. Dayal's Gucci loafers, then tugged his pants down. After he had stepped out of them, she carefully shook them out as she stood up, then turned to drape them over the chair. 

He took the opportunity to unfasten her ghaghra. It fell around her ankles and she was left in just her filmy panties. By unspoken agreement, they faced each other as they reached for each other's last garment. Hands slipped inside underpants and panties, and they were pushed lower and lower and lower. Vijaya's dark pubic bush eased into view, as did Dayal's dark red one. His cock leaped free of his underpants, stabbing straight at Vijaya's flat, pulsing belly.

Then they were both nude, standing there inches apart. Dayal swept Vijaya up against him, feeling the soft, yielding warmth of her small body against his feeling his cock slide upward along her belly. He lowered his mouth to hers for a demanding kiss.

Vijaya spread her graceful, slender thighs and clasped one of Dayal's big ones between them. She scrubbed her wiry bush along his leg, grinding her crotch against him. Her tongue met and dueled with his. Then she was off her feet, being carried while the embrace and the kiss went on their legs tangling at every step. They sank down together on the cool covers of the huge bed. Vijaya had a fleeting worry. What if they stained the covers? KN would discover what they had done. He would be furious!

Then big hands were fondling and probing and touching her as she sprawled on her back on the bed, and lust made her forget everything else. There was no pretending to her lust. Dayal was quickly discovering all the erogenous zones on her passionate, responsive body - her breasts and belly, the insides of her thighs. And he wasn't gentle. He bruised her with his strength and size. He played with her the way a cat might play with a mouse, tumbling and punishing her on the big bed. And she loved it.

She was being driven mad by his attentions. He twisted her nipples one after the other and her breasts burst into flame. A hand pressed into her tender belly hard, and her body writhed in desperate, eager response, her fingers clawing blindly at the bed. Suddenly, he stopped touching her. Vijaya's eyes snapped open with surprise and she rolled her head to look at him. He was lying languidly on his side, peacefully studying her with steady blue eyes. His hair wasn't even mussed. The only sign of his interest in her was his monstrous erection. His cock looked larger in diameter than KN's stocky one, and longer than Uday's. The pale skin of the huge tower gleamed like ivory against the lush red of his pubic bush.

"Wh-what's the matter?" Vijaya croaked out. She was screaming with passion, and frightened at the sudden inactivity.

"I'm curious," the man answered. "I'm wondering what makes you tick."

"Huh?"

"Why are you doing this?" he asked, a sweep of his arm encompassing her gracefully nude body. "I know you get a commission on the sale, but so what? What would make Mrs. Sanorita go to such great lengths for that commission?"

Vijaya was shaken by the man's total control. Why wasn't he pounding that big cock into her? Was she going to lose him now? "I don't see why that should concern you," she answered softly. Her chest was still heaving with excitement.

"No reason," he admitted. "I just wondered."

Something made Vijaya decide to keep her secret from him. "Well, I don't intend to answer your question," she informed him.

"Assuming, that is, that there is an answer to it." Then she posed, arching and stretching her lithe body like a healthy animal, to let him see how excited she was. "So come here and take me," she said softly.

Dayal shook his head. "No. Not until you tell me the reason. I'm certain that there is a reason for it, a very good reason. You're not the type for a casual lay, Mrs. Sanorita."

"You can't make me say anything I don't want to," Vijaya whispered, frightened.

"Ah, but I can, and I will," the red-haired man replied confidently.

Vijaya stared at him, wide-eyed. This wasn't the way things were supposed to go at all.

Dayal's hand gripped her wrist, tightly but not painfully, and pinned her arm to the bed.

"What are you going to do?" Vijaya asked fearfully, suddenly realizing how completely at the man's mercy she was. She crossed her other arm across her breasts, bent her leg and used it to shield her sex as best she could.

Dayal brushed aside her shielding arm with insolent ease, and his big hand closed on one tender breast. His hand was so large it completely covered the diminutive brown and dark mound. Vijaya froze, stopped breathing, terrified he was planning to hurt her.

Badri Dayal squeezed and massaged her breast gently. The softness and tenderness were delectable. He could see her taut nipple poking between two of his fingers, seeking escape. "I'm going to have you begging me to screw you," he informed her softly. "I'm going to have you so horny you'd sell your own mother out to get my cock in your pussy, And before I give you what you want, you'll have to tell me the truth."

Vijaya felt a perverse flash of sexual excitement at this announcement. The thought of being a sexual toy, totally at a man's mercy, was incredibly exciting.

"Never," she croaked in a hoarse whisper.

Dayal smiled confidently at her brave challenge. He knew she was daring him to try, that she was looking forward to it as much as he was. He closed his fingers on the peak of her tit and tugged, pulling her breast upward into a perfect cone. When the nipple slipped from between his fingers, her breast rebounded to its usual firm rounded shape. The nipple, however, was sharper and harder than it had been. Her flat stomach was sucked in with excitement, her chest was heaving with her erratic breathing. Still holding one of her wrists, still immobilizing that arm, he repeated the torture on her other breast. Vijaya's eyes closed. She suddenly realized just how exquisite this torment was going to be. Because, the more she tried to fight down her sexual need, to control it, the more she was aroused by his stimulation. It was like trying not to think of food when you're hungry, every attempt only reminding you of what you're trying not to think of. Vijaya was aware of the scratchy feel of the bed covers under her naked body, the feel of the machine-cooled air on her bare skin.

Her nipples were pulsing from the tugging Dayal had given them. Both breasts felt swollen and full, were aching with a wild need. Vijaya clenched her hands on the bedspread. She licked suddenly dry lips. Dayal smiled confidently at the evidence of her growing lust. And he had barely started on her, too. Her mouth was slack as she rolled her head gently. She was an exquisite woman, perfectly proportioned and delightfully youthful. Leaning forward, he sought one of her breasts with his mouth. First he just brushed her nipple with partially opened lips. He felt her whole body shudder in response. Teasingly, he blew on her tit. Then his tongue speared out and licked the turgid little nubbin, batting it with the tip of his tongue, feeling it bounce and rebound like it was made of rubber. She tasted young and fresh and sweet.

The color-haired man closed his lips around her nipple and sucked it into his mouth. Lifting his head slightly, he drew her breast upward much as he had before with his hand. He tongued her tit as he sucked on it. He let his teeth close on the nerve- loaded button and worried it carefully with them. He heard Vijaya suck in a ragged gasp. Shifting his jaw back and forth he rolled her nipple between his teeth, and felt Vijaya begin to writhe, felt the bed shifting as her legs thrashed.

He released her breast and lifted his head so he could look at her. Her chest was heaving. She was rolling her head from side to side, and he knew it wasn't in denial of him. Her cheeks were flushed with passion, her face twisted almost as if she were in pain. But it wasn't pain, it was naked animal lust. He lowered his mouth to her other breast and drew as much of that delicate mound into his mouth as he could. At the same time, he slid his free hand down her flat torso, down toward her pubic vee. But he didn't go all the way there - he paused to probe one finger deeply into her navel. Vijaya felt blood rushing to her breast as the man sucked on it. His tongue rasped over her nipple like sandpaper, building the fires in her helpless body still higher.

"No," she moaned raggedly. It was a futile denial, one that she doubted he had even heard.

She felt his hand, strong and hard and rough, stroking down her tensed belly, and her hips heaved and shifted restlessly. She thought he was going for her pussy, and wasn't sure if she wanted him to yet or not. Then, when he stopped at her navel, she whimpered softly. His finger poked into her belly button, and Vijaya's body convulsed involuntarily. He drilled his finger deep into her stomach, and an incredible sexual itch erupted deep in her body. It was unlike anything she had ever felt before in her life. That single drilling thrust into her navel, a thrust she would have expected to hurt, set off an unbelievable itching deep in the heart of her sexual organs, an itching she knew there was only one way to scratch.
