 I have been fortunate to have a very good sex life over the years and after reading stories on this site for a year or so I thought I would contribute some of mine. I am certainly no writer (so take it easy on me) but all of these stories will be true with of course names and dates changed. I did not start out to sleep with married women but once I did I enjoyed the thrill of the conquest and the no strings relationships. 

Even though we went to the same High School I did not know Debbie that well. I played ball with her husband Rick but was not exactly a fan of his so we did not hang out. They dated since the seventh grade and got married shortly after high school. We ended up playing on the same softball team and I would see them at team drinking parties. It was at the end of the summer and I was getting ready to go back to college. There was to be one final party and even though I was a little tired I decided to go anyway. I was a late arriver and I ran into Debbie on the way to get a beer. I asked her where Rick was and she said he had too much at the 19th hole and was sleeping it off. I socialized and drank for a couple of hours and decided it was time to go. I went around and said my goodbyes. 

As I was heading to my car Deb called out to me. Her apartment was right across the park and she had walked over. It was dark so I agreed to walk her home. As we walked (slowly) through the park she asked why I had never asked her out in high school. I laughed and said you were dating your husband since seventh grade. I did hear that they had broken up once but by the time I had a chance to do anything about it they were back together. She laughed and said she wished she knew. If we had gone on a date would you have tried to have sex with me she asked. I laughed and said not only would I have tried but I would have succeeded. Really, she said. How many times? Since we would have been in the back seat of a car then probably twice. 

Now if I got you in my dorm room definitely six or seven times. She stopped walking and said bullshit while slapping my shoulder. I took a step closer to her and informed her it had already happened. Rick only fucked me three times once and that was on our honeymoon. I leaned in and kissed her. While she did not respond immediately she didn't slap me either. She started to stammer I can't but I moved in and gave a full-blown kiss. Within seconds our tongues were going at it. I slipped my hand down her shorts and entered her with one finger. I slipped my second finger in and she started rubbing my cock. I had purposely stopped near a bench and guided her over to it. 

I whispered that we did not have a lot of time before someone came by and she moaned okay. I pulled my shorts down and then hers and sat on the edge of the bench guiding her over me. With her back to me I lowered her down on my cock. She gasped as she slowly lowered herself on me. Once she was impaled she began to rock. We got into a good rhythm and I wish I could say we fucked for a while it was probably only a few minutes before I could feel her tightening on me and groaning "I am cumming". I followed her but blasting my seed up inside her. We quickly pulled out shorts up before anyone walked by. She started to say goodbye but I insisted on finishing the short walk home as it was dark. If Rick is up tell him you promised me a beer if I walked you home.

We walked into her house and she said loudly I will check on Rick and then get you that beer. I stood at the bottom of the stairs and as she reached the bottom she said he was still out. Did you shake him I asked? Yes. He is out. I pulled her toward me and said "Good. I wouldn't want him waking up and seeing what I am going to do to you". I lifted her up and she protested only slightly. I lowered her onto the couch and pulled her shorts off. I stepped out of my shorts, lifted her legs up and drove my cock straight into her pussy. There was no foreplay. This was not making love, it was a straight fucking. We went at it hard and since this was the second time I lasted longer. I thought I was fucking her hard but she kept begging for harder. To keep her from screaming I covered her mouth with mine and I never kissed anyone as hard as I kissed her. After we came together we just lied there spent. She kissed me lightly and said she could not remember the last time she got fucked twice in one night.

We each used the bathroom and I helped myself to some orange juice as we chatted about whether this was a one-time thing or ongoing. Since I was going back to college the next day we would have to play it by ear. I asked her to check on Rick again because I was ready to fuck her again as a good-bye present. When she came back to the kitchen I took her in my arms and kissed her. I lifted her shirt off her and she said "Really, again" For the first time I played with her tits alternating between massaging them, sucking on them and gently biting her nipples. They were beautiful. When she was sufficiently aroused I backed her against the frig, picked her up and guided my cock into her. She was sufficiently lubricated and I went right in. 

On my second thrust into her we heard the bathroom door open and while she had a scared look on her face I continued to fuck her. That's when we heard a drunk Rick slurring "Deb, you coming up?" We froze but then I started again very slowly. She whispered for me to stop and then she yelled she was just getting some water and would be right up. We heard drunken Rick stumble back into his room. I was o turned on by fucking his wife with him right upstairs. I don't think I had ever been that hard and I started hammering into her. She almost took a bite out of my shoulder to keep from screaming as I filled her married pussy up with what seemed like a gallon of cum.

Deb ran into the bathroom to clean up before checking on Rick. By this time, it was 2:00 am so I cleaned up as well getting ready to leave. I waited close to a half hour in the dark and then Deb appeared to see if I had left. She was now wearing a very sexy nightie and I felt myself stir. She kissed me and thanked me for an incredible night. I informed her that wearing that sexy a nightie was turning me on and it was time to set her record of getting fucked four times. She gave me a lustful smile and I pulled her panties off, bent her over the back of the kitchen chair and entered her from behind as I wanted each fuck to be different and memorable. It wasn't long before we came and we were both spent for the night. I gave her my college phone number and address and said she should contact me if she wanted this to continue.