 "Hey!" I exclaimed. "You can't do that!"

She pulled back, keeping a firm grip on me with her warm little hand, and said "Sure I can - it's big, but I bet I can get it all in..." She popped my cock back into her mouth, and resumed giving me some of the best head I'd had in years.

"No - I mean - you shouldn't be doing it... it's not right!"

This time she kept up a steady pumping motion with her hand as she drew back and said, "Yes - I know that. It's very nasty for me to be sucking my Daddy's cock..."

"But, I'm..."

"Hush, Daddy. It's nasty to suck my Daddy's great big cock, and that's what makes me so hot doing it. I'm a nasty little girl and I've always dreamed of fucking my Daddy and now that I have the chance, well..." She glanced downward, and I realised that her other hand was inside her panties, as she fingered herself.

Again she began; she pushed forward quickly, and more than half of my length slipped between her widestretched lips. I could feel my cockhead at the entrance to her throat.

Even though I knew that I should stop her, the sensations were so intense and pleasurable that for a moment I could only sit there, looking down at her. Somehow, her top was pushed up, and I could see her pretty tits in their little sports bra. I could see that her other hand, inside her cotton panties, was stroking in and out of her obviously-wet pussy.

Involuntarily, as she plunged forward a bit more on my cock, my hips drove forward, attempting to fuck her hot wet mouth.

"Mmmmm!" she hummed, the vibrations stimulating me even more, and increased her activity.

Suddenly, I felt the head pop through into her tight throat, and she pushed forward all the way to the base of my straining cock till I felt her lips touch my hair; the hand that had been cradling my shaft now slid downward and began caressing my balls, causing me to almost forget how wrong this was and to again surge forward into that wet, hot tight hole.

I could feel my cum beginning to rise in my nuts, and then, suddenly, I remembered again just what was going on, who she was and who I was.

I reached down, pushing her away (not without a certain unregenerate regret as I saw my spit-shiny cock emerging from between her lips... ) and announced firmly, "No more of that, young lady!"

She raised her head, and looked down at me as she absentmindedly licked the fingers of the hand that had been inside her panties (somehow other her hand had recaptured its grip on my shaft and was again gently stroking... )

She looked like a pornographer's dream, kneeling in front of me, my hard cock in her little fist, the flippy little cheer skirt she still wore falling back to almost-modestly hide her wet-pantie-covered mound, top pulled up to show her lovely tits in their modest sports bra, one pigtails' pink ribbon straggling loose, one still in its cute bow, licking her own pussy juices from her glistening fingers... 

"You're right," she murmured. "That's about enough of that, I'd say. Now it's time for this..."

And before I realised what she was about to do, she suddenly pulled the lever that caused the chair I sat in to fully recline; since I'd been sort of pushing backward from her, I flopped backward with it.

Another one of those dancer-like moves left me pinned in place as she swung a leg upward and across me and wound up straddling my hips.

"Hey! No..." I exclaimed as I realised what she was about to do, but she kept right on.

Her free hand reached downward, raising the front of her pleated cheer skirt, pulling the crotch of her panties aside, and then her hips surged forward and down, her other hand guiding my cock unerringly to her pussy, and suddenly I felt her sliding the head along her hot, wet soft lips, rubbing it gently against her clit, and then pressing against it until it popped between the outer lips... 

She paused then, looking downward at me. Her cheeks were blushing a deep red, and a flush was spreading across the tops of her breasts as well.

"But..." I began.

"Hush!" she said.

She rotated her hips slowly, rubbing my cockhead against the inside of her pussy lips, then slowly sank downward an inch or so, gasping as the thick blunt head pushed past her lips and began to spread her cunt widely enough to penetrate.

She paused again, letting me feel her muscles gripping my cock's head, pulling at it, urging it inward. I lay there, so astonished I could hardly move.

She threw her head back, moaned gently, and then began to press ever more downward, slowly sliding down my shaft until it was fully embedded in her hot, tight channel.

"Oh, god, Daddy," she gasped out. "You're so big... I've never been so full, never been so stretched out... I have to... have to..."

She began to move her hips slightly. I could feel myself shifting and moving inside her. It felt as if my cock were being gripped and gently masturbated by a strong hand in a hot wet velvet glove.

I know when I'm licked. Or fucked, as the case may be.

I reached up to take her hips to guide her, but she grabbed my wrists.

"I'm driving on this one," she said. "If you have to do something with your hands..."

Releasing one of my wrists, she reached up and pulled up her bra. Then she gripped both wrists again, and raised my hands to her grapefruit-sized breasts with their small pink nipples and puffy darker-toned aureoles.

I could feel her hard nipples pressed against the palms of my hands as she pressed them against her tits and then moved them a bit. She moaned, eyes falling half-closed. "Make my titties feel good, Daddy," she said in a little-girl voice.

By this time I didn't need any encouragement along those lines. Her breasts were so pretty - high, round and firm, with just enough give to feel good as I caressed and kneaded them, sometimes catching her hard nipples with my fingers and rolling them like little pebbles, sometimes just lifting and stroking the smooth globes. There was no sag to her tits, and her perky nipples pointed just a bit upward.

As I stimulated her nipples, Debbie began moving her hips again, her hands on my shoulders for support.

First she continued the gentle rotation she had used before, then gradually began a slow back-and-forth surging motion.

What made it particularly nasty-feeling was that her little cheer skirt fell down and hid our hips and the place where my cock slipped in and out of her hot clinging fuckhole.

As my own hips began thrusting to meet her rhythm, she gradually began a steady pumping motion, sliding up and down along my rock-hard cock. I picked up the motion, and we both gradually increased both the speed and the depth of our motions until the whole length of my shaft was pumping in and out of her tight, hot hole.

She would raise her hips, leaning her weight on my shoulders, as I pulled back, until only the head remained embedded in her wet cunt, then thrust downward to meet my upward thrust, her tight pussy smoothly engulfing the whole length.

Over and over she pumped me, her eyes wide and fixed on my face... 

"Fuck me hard, Daddy... fill my nasty fuckhole with your big hard cock! Ooooh, yes! Daddy - shove your cock into my hot wet pussy... make me cum and cum... fuck me, Daddy... I always wanted your big cock in my nasty cunt, so big and so hard... I could hear you fucking Mommy and I lay there and I imagined you were fucking me and I played with my little pussy till I came and came... Harder, Daddy, harder - make me cum; make your nasty little girl cum... fill me with your cum, Daddy..."

Suddenly her eyes widened, and I could feel her cunt pulse and milk at my cock.

"Oooh, Daddy, I'm cumming...!" Her hips bucked especially hard against mine, and then she stopped moving, holding my cock pressed as far as it would go into her hot snatch, as the spasms of a huge orgasm ran through her body, then collapsed against me, my cock still buried in her pulsing cunt.

I might have been reluctant before, but now that it had gone this far, nothing but the desire to fuck this hot little cunt until I filled her with my cum was all that remained.

Lifting her up, I pulled my still-rigid cock from her sopping cunt, and rolled out from under her. I laid her out on the chair where I had just been, and stripped her soaking panties down around one ankle. I lifted her long pretty legs over my shoulders, bending her double, spreading her wet red cunt to plunge my aching cock in again, even more deeply than before.

As I began to slam into her again, she opened her eyes, smiled up at me, and began, in her turn, to meet my thrusts.

"Oh, Daddy... You're so big and I'm so little and I feel so full of your big hard cock... fuck me again, Daddy... make me cum some more..."

I was pounding her as hard as ever I'd fucked any girl, and she was driving back at me with the same urgency, and then she was cumming again.

This time she began moaning incoherently as the orgasm began, finally building up to a scream as she came and came.

Again drawing back, I rolled her over, lifting her hips a bit to expose her stretched, drooling cunt, and then drove into her from behind, slamming my hips again and again against the cheeks of her ass.

I realised that she was babbling again: "Oooh, sooo good... fuck me like a bitch, Daddy... I'm your bitch, fuck me harder, fuck me like the slut bitch i am..."

I hadn't realised that I could move faster or harder, but her dirty talk stimulated me to new efforts.

And then she began a new litany of lust.

"Fuck my ass, Daddy... fuck your nasty little girl's slut ass... fill my ass with your cum..."

"What?" I gasped. "You want me in your ass?"

"Yesss... fuck me in the ass like a nasty cheap whore... fuck my slut ass... please Daddy, fuck my ass... shoot your hot cum in my ass..."

I pulled back from her cunt, and reached down with the fingers of one hand to scoop some of the juice that was soaking her pussy and thighs, and rubbed it between her cheeks. I shoved a finger into her asshole to loosen her, then two fingers covered with her cunt juices.

I lifted my glistening cock, coated with her pussy oils and juices, to touch her anus and then pressed slowly forward.

I could feel the little muscle ring spreading as she writhed and moaned under me.

"Oh, it hurts... don't stop, it feels so good, too... shove it in, Daddy, shove it all the way in my ass... fuck my ass hard..."

I felt the head pop past her sphincter, and then I was pushing steadily forward until I felt my hips touch her sweet ass.

"Oh, god I'm so full... I can feel it all the way up my ass... Fuck me now, Daddy, fuck me hard..."

I didn't need any encouragement; I had never felt anything so hot and tight on my cock as this little girl's ass. I began picking up speed and stroke until I was again slamming my full ten inches into her ass. She grunted with each thrust, and reached back between her legs to plunge three fingers into her own greedy cunt, pumping them in and out in rhythm with my cock pounding her ass.

I was so nearly finished that it only took a couple of seconds of pumping that hot tight ass before I felt my own cum boiling up in my balls and gushing through my cock to pump wad after wad into her. At the same time, she began one last, long set of wracking orgasms, jamming her fingers in and out of her cunt, shoving her ass back against me again and again as I kept on cumming into her bowels.

Finally, with a last moan, she collapsed forward, hand still buried in her cunt, and I collapsed on top of her, feeling my gradually-softening cock slipping from her sweet hot ass.

We lay there for a while... I really don't know how long; I think both of us had more or less passed out from the intensity of that incredible fuck session.

All I know is that what brought both of us back to reality was the sound of the door opening and a female voice exclaiming "What the hell?!?"

I jerked my head around, and saw a blonde woman staring at us. I rolled off Debbie and attempted to cover myself.

Debbie languidly turned her head and opened one eye.

"Oh, hi, Vickey," she said.

The blonde put her hands on her hips and studied the scene before her for a while.

"What are you - telecommuting, now? Is this some sort of work-at-home deal?"