 NOT incest (well, not yet anyway - can't say about later chapters), despite the title and apparent goings-on. I want to make sure that nobody feels cheated in the regard. Everybody is over eighteen. Copyright by SlyTranslator. Please do not reprint without giving proper credit.

=============================================

I heard a sound from the direction of the door. I looked that way.

I stared.

The State University cheerleader unform certainly flattered her slim body and long legs. She had her Physics 101 text under her arm, and she was reading a text off her phone as she stepped in and kicked the door to behind her without looking up.

At first, she wasn't looking my way, and I could just sit quietly there, gazing at this vision of collegiate loveliness.

Then she glanced my way; her eyes widened with amazement, and in a moment she had dropped the book and phone in the middle of the floor and was hurrying toward me.

"Daddy!" she exclaimed. "It's you! It's really you! I haven't seen you in years and years and Mommy said that I'd never see you again because you didn't love me or her and that I was bad and that's why you got divorced and I was so ashamed and I felt dirty and..."

With a sudden squeak of dismay she tripped on the pattern in the carpet -- at least that's the only thing I could see to trip over on the perfectly-clean carpet. (I was briefly reminded of a "Wizard of Id" strip where the jester slips on a carrot and then explains that he had to -- bananas were out of season.)

Long legs and arms flailing coltishly, she pitched forward toward me. Instinctively I half-rose from the chair, reaching out to catch her.

She bumped solidly into me, causing me to drop back into the chair.

With the breath half knocked out of me, I grabbed at her, as much to keep myself and the chair from pitching over backward as to steady her.

When everything seemed stable again, I realised that I was sitting in the easy chair, that she had somehow flopped into my lap and had one foot on the floor and the other leg draped over the arm of the chair. Her skirt had ridden almost up to one hip, and i caught a glimpse of white cotton panties.

Embarrassed, I looked up; the uniform top was low enough cut that i could see her sports bra and a little of the curve of one modest but undeniably feminine breast.

I became aware that in catching her, I had somehow managed to wind up with one hand on her leg, just above the knee... and also of the fact that her bottom was pressed solidly into my lap, and that, whatever I felt that I ought to be thinking or not thinking, my cock was reacting to the firm warm flesh it touched through just a few thin layers of cloth.

I jerked my eyes up to her face -- she was looking at me in a puzzled way; as my semi-erection became a bit less semi-, she moved a bit, as if to find a more comfortable position. My traitorous cock happily slipped over just a bit to nestle into the warm gap between her cheeks.

Cheeks flaming, I jerked my eyes off her face, which wasn't much better, as I found myself staring downward at my hand on her smooth thigh and the fully-revealed curve of her panty-covered mound.

With surprise, I realised that there was writing on the front of her panties; despite myself, I read it: "I (little red heart) My Daddy", it said.

Little Jimmy was impressed with that, stiffening a bit more in his warm nest between her cheeks.

Surprised, I looked up again, and found myself transfixed by her direct gaze, eyes wide and pupils dilated. She moistened her lips with a little pink tonguetip, then looked downward herself, my gaze moving with hers.

She reached out and grasped my hand where it rested just above her knee, lifting it from her flesh. With relief, I realised that soon we would be apologising to each other for this embarrassing moment, and then we could go on with the evening.

Except that instead of pushing it away, she raised my hand and pressed it firmly to the warm soft surface of her inner leg, right next to that cotton-covered mound, then began moving it gently back and forth, stroking her own thigh with my hand.

I stared wide-eyed as our two hands slowly crept nearer to the top of her leg, then looked up again.

Her huge eyes stared hypnotically into mine, and her lips seemed swollen and fuller than a moment before. Somehow, her head almost seemed too heavy for her neck to fully support; it fell against my shoulder.

Then this whole mad episode reached an even higher pinnacle of madness -- she pressed my hand to the warm cotton-covered mound of her pussy, and murmured "Fuck me, Daddy."

I tried to jerk my hand away; tried to push her from my lap, but she held on.

"Please fuck me, Daddy," she continued. "Can't you feel how hot and wet my pussy is?"

It certainly was; as she rubbed my hand against her crotch, the warm cotton was becoming definitely moist to the touch.

She wiggled her bottom against my still-stiffening cock, bringing it to full awareness, and continued with her obscene murmur, "My pussy always gets so hot when I think of your big cock, Daddy... I have to stop whatever I'm doing and finger myself right then, it makes me SO hot and horny.

"Please fuck me, Daddy... shove your great big cock in my tight, wet pussy. Stretch me till it hurts, and then fuck me hard, Daddy."

By now she was actually masturbating herself with my middle finger, and the crotch of her panties was soaked through. I could feel her pussy opening wide, flowering, as she pressed my finger in more and more firmly through the sopping wet cloth.

Suddenly she twisted with a dancer's move and wound up straddling my lap, one leg over each of the chair's arms and her arms around my neck to hold herself in place. Her hot cunt in its soaked panties pressed against my crotch, and caressed my rigidly-standing cock through the thin layers of cloth between them as she began to rock her hips, grinding her crotch against mine.

She pressed herself against me; I could feel her breasts pressing against my chest through her thin bra. She slipped her arms under mine, reaching up to grasp my shoulders from behind in a way that let her almost chin herself on me as her hot pussy stroked the length of my cock again and again.

Her chin rested on my shoulder, one of her pigtails tickling my face, and she was moaning continually as she humped my straining cock.

"Oooh, Daddy, I love you. Can you feel how much my nasty little pussy loves her Daddy's big hard cock? Oh, Daddy, I think I'm going to cum. I'm so hot and ready and I can feel your hot thick cock rubbing my hot wet pussy... it's rubbing on my clit... Ooooh, Daddy, I'm gonna cummmm..."

Her hips bucked and twisted again and again; she began with a soft moan, but it built and peaked till she rode my crotch to orgasm, then collapsed against me, her chin on my shoulder.

I have to admit that I wasn't far behind; despite the perversity of the situation -- or perhaps because of it, to be honest -- I felt myself go still in the chair, and then my hips were bucking against hers as hot cum spurted out and soaked into my own underwear.

"Ooooh, Daddy, that was sooo good," she murmured in my ear. "I love you, Daddy."

Carefully, she climbed off my lap.

"I never thought I'd get a chance to fuck my Daddy, though," she said.

"Debbie, I'm sorry... I didn't mean to..." I began stammering, face flaming red.

"Hush!" she murmured. "It wasn't your fault... I did it all. And I think I want to do some more..." she said.

With a start, I realised that she had dropped to her knees in front of me, and before I could say or do anything, she had managed to unzip my pants and slip my still semi-hard cock out through my boxers and fly.

"I dreamed of doing this for so longmmmmm..." she said, as her little warm mouth engulfed the head of my cock.