 Vijaya was fiddling aimlessly with leftover paperwork. The first thing she had done when she had gotten to the office was check for the listing agreement. Her knees had begun shaking when she discovered that she had not locked her desk after all. But the KN listing agreement was still safely hidden where she had left it. Now she could only wait. She used the time to get caught upon her paperwork. Because interest rates were sky high, the real estate business was in a slump. Most people who wanted to buy couldn't get the loans they needed. And very few people wanted to sell. Anyone who could was grimly hanging on to what he had.

And that was the reason why and what had driven Vijaya to take the desperate steps she had with Ripu KN. Now the die was cast. All she could do was wait. Uday's time on the kidney machine was drawing closer and closer to an end, making the waiting all the more difficult. Vijaya jumped when the telephone rang, then grabbed it before the one other agent that was in could answer it.

"Mrs. Sanorita, this is Badri Dayal," the voice on the other end said.

"Yes, sir," Vijaya responded, acutely conscious that the other salesman was listening to everything she said. "How are you today?"

"Fine, thanks."

"What can I do for you?" Vijaya asked, trying to make it sound like an ordinary inquiry.

"Mrs. Sanorita, we seem to have a problem" Mr. Dayal answered.

Vijaya's heart sank. "Oh?" she asked, trying to keep her fear from showing on either her face or in her voice.

"I've had a bit of a problem with the bank," Dayal continued. "They don't want to give me a mortgage."

"Why not?" Vijaya asked. She saw the other salesman eyeing her curiously, which made her even more cautious. She was searching for phrases and sentences that would give nothing away about the sale.

"They won't say, exactly."

"It's not you, is it?" Vijaya asked fearfully.

"No, definitely not," Dayal assured her "My credit is A-one. No, that's not the problem."

"Too expensive?" Vijaya pried.

"No. If they'd give me the mortgage they'd only want eight per cent. That's a bargain these days."

"Then I don't understand."

"They just don't seem to want to release the money," Dayal continued.

"That doesn't make any sense."

"I told them that. How can they make money if they don't loan out money is my philosophy. They gave me a runaround about not wanting to put that much money into one project. They also made some comment about being able to get a better return on short-term paper, rather than a thirty-year mortgage. I think they are trying to pull a stall, on the theory that the ceiling on interest rates is going to be raised again."

"That makes sense," Vijaya agreed.

"The man who is the problem is Sundar Raj," Dayal went on.

"Why tell me?" Vijaya asked. She was relieved to note that her colleague in the office had gone back to his paperwork, but knew he still might be listening.

"I think there is a solution to the log-jam," Dayal explained. "I think that if you were to go and see Mr. Raj, you could change his mind."

"Huh?" Vijaya asked suspiciously.

"I think that this is a situation where your - ah - unique sales approach could tip the balance in our favor."

"But . . ."

"Mrs. Sanorita, if I don't get the mortgage, the entire deal is off," Dayal pointed out coolly. "If that should happen, where would that leave you - and your husband?"

Vijaya felt sick. She didn't want to do this - she didn't!

"Now, I really want to buy that house. And KN definitely wants to sell. But there is nothing I can do to get that mortgage, and there is a great deal you can do."

"Yes," Vijaya agreed softly, reluctantly, a sour knot forming in her stomach. Tangled in with that knot of dismay were tight, gleaming threads of excitement.

"Raj is the man's name - Sundar Raj. He's vice president in charge of something - notes I think it is."

"I know him a bit," Vijaya admitted. She had spoken with him on the telephone a couple of times and remembered his thin voice and precise phrasing.

"If anyone can change his mind, you can, Mrs. Sanorita," Dayal told her.

"Thank you," Vijaya replied, squeezing the words out of her constricted throat.

"I'll be looking forward to a call from Mr. Raj. Good-bye, Mrs. Sanorita."

"Good-bye," Vijaya said softly, then hung up.

"What was that all about?" the other agent asked. "Trouble?"

Vijaya tried to hide her shaking by shuffling papers. She didn't trust her voice, and said nothing.

"Something to do with Uday?" the man pried.

Vijaya clutched at that innocent explanation. "Yes, something to do with Uday," she answered. It wasn't really a lie, was it?

She knew what she had to do. She felt horror clutch at her as she contemplated the situation. The real horror was not that she was faced with whoring again. The true horror was the sick, vile, disgusting, perverted excitement she felt at the prospect. What was she becoming? Dear God, what kind of an animal was she becoming that she had the feeling that her prayers had been answered?

She checked her watch, lunch time. "Are you going to be here this afternoon?" she asked.

The man nodded. "Damned if I know why, with business the way it is. But, I might as well sit here as sit at home. Maybe something will happen to break the monotony. You are going out?"

Vijaya nodded. "I have to see Uday's specialist, after lunch," she lied, thinking quickly.

"Might as well take the whole afternoon, if you want it," the man told her. "I'll cover the phones."

"I'm not expecting any calls."

"See you tomorrow."

Vijaya hid her eyes behind her dark glasses once she was out on the sidewalk. Her heart was pounding hard as she turned toward the bank. She had no appetite for lunch at this point. In the cool interior of the bank, Vijaya walked over to the low railing that set the offices apart. She had the hideous feeling that everyone knew what she was up to.

"I'd like to see Mr. Raj, please," she said softly.

"Certainly," the cool sultry adulteress looking receptionist replied. "Who shall I say is calling?"

"Sanorita, Mrs. Vijaya Sanorita." While the girl was on the phone, Vijaya watched the customers crossing the polished floor. She had the feeling they were all watching her.

"Mr. Raj will see you," the receptionist reported. "The third office from the end."

"Thank you." Passing through the gap in the railing, Vijaya made her way across the conservative gray carpeting to the indicated doorway. She had been relieved to find that Raj had an office. When she saw the solid, sturdy, opaque wooden door, she felt almost relaxed.

"Mr. Raj?" she asked from the doorway,

"Mrs. Sanorita." The man pushed his swivel chair back and stood up. "Won't you please come in? It is indeed a pleasure to meet you in person."

Vijaya kept her face expressionless as she studied the banker and shook his hand. The man's grip was so feeble she felt as if she had been handed a limp sack of soft gelatin. The rest of him matched his handshake. He was about as tall as Ripu KN, but where KN was hard, Sundar Raj was soft. KN was broad across the shoulders, narrow across the waist. The bank vice president reversed it, and had the contours of a pear. He was a study in pink and gray - gray hair, pink, round face, gray suit and vest. His tie and his hair seemed to have been color coordinated, gray with a thin pink stripe. His hair was combed across his bald spot in a series of gray slats. Even his eyes were gray, while the whites were bloodshot. His silver framed glasses perched on his round pink nose. Vijaya's feeling of eager anticipation was fading rapidly.

"Please, have a seat, Mrs. Sanorita," Raj urged politely in his reedy voice. He closed the door behind her, then held the chair beside his desk for her to sit down in.

Vijaya was sure he was sneaking a careful look down her neckline. She carefully crossed her legs, so her ghaghra would ride up her thigh.

"Now, just what can I do for you?" the pink and gray man asked as he lowered himself into his chair.

Vijaya noticed he pushed back so the desk didn't cut off his view of her trim legs. She fiddled with the top button of her blouse. "I wanted to discuss the Badri Dayal situation with you."

"Dayal - Dayal," Raj mused. "Ah, yes, of course, Badri Dayal. Well now, it is a bit unusual to discuss confidential matters with an outsider."

"I'm here at Mr. Dayal's request," Vijaya explained. "Why, exactly, are you refusing to grant Mr. Dayal a mortgage?"

The bluntness of the question seemed to astonish the banker. He rocked back in his chair, and the springs protested with a thin squeak. When he rebounded forward again, he sought refuge in the papers on his desk, flipping through stack after stack. It reminded Vijaya of a small gray mouse building a nest.

"Aaahhh, yes, here we are," Raj chirped, extracting a long form from the heap. "Dayal, Badri A. Uhm hmm. Hmmmmm."

He unfolded the application and looked it over carefully. "Yes, this all seems to be in order." He looked at Vijaya again.

Vijaya's exasperation was increasing. She was beginning to think nothing was going to get through to this creature. She casually let the top button of her blouse slip through the hole. "Why won't you give him the mortgage?" she asked again. "He has an excellent credit rating, there is no disagreement over the interest rate, and you have an appraisal of over one and a half Crore on the house in question."

Raj's necktie bobbed peculiarly as he swallowed hard. His eyes kept straying from Vijaya's face down to the vee of her unbuttoned kurta. "Ahem, well, yes, indeed," he agreed. "But, you must admit we are discussing a very large sum of money."

Vijaya was toying with the second button now. "Certainly. But I was under the impression that the business of banks was to loan large sums of money. An eight percent return on your investment, especially an investment of this size, is hardly trivial." She could see a film of sweat forming on the man's pink forehead.

"Ahum, well, that is true," he wheezed. "However, with interest rates as high as they are, the return on eight percent is really minimal."

Vijaya decided to play dumb. "I don't understand. Perhaps if you worked it out for me on paper?"

"Well, um, it's really very simple," Raj explained, pulling a yellow pad over in front of him. "For the sake of simplicity, we'll take one Crore dollars. Now, we can either loan it out in one large lump, at eight percent," he explained, scribbling on the pad.

Vijaya wasn't listening. She got gracefully up from her chair and went around behind it. As she passed the door, she casually reached out and locked it. Then she went and stood behind Sundar Raj. She unbuttoned the second button on her blouse.

"I see what you are driving at," she murmured softly, carefully pressing the soft warmth of one of her breasts against the man's head as she leaned over him. He turned his head, and for a moment Vijaya had the insane feeling he was searching for her tit to suckle on just the way a hungry baby does.

"Now," Raj squeaked, "if we break that Crore into smaller amounts, of, say, ten loans of one hundred thousand each, the picture changes radically."

Vijaya eased around beside him and leaned over, her hands on the desk. Her breasts swayed enticingly inside her open blouse. "What are the exact figures on that?" she asked one eye on the electronic calculator near her left hand.

"Well, now the problem gets more complex," Raj pointed out. He reached for the calculator. Vijaya intercepted him, putting her hand on top of his and pinning it to the desk. She turned and looked him full in the face, noting how his color was shifting from pink to red, and washing out the stripe in his tie. "Why, I'm surprised that a man of your intellect can't do that in his head," she flattered him.

His eyes were watering as his gaze bounced desperately from her face to her breasts. His flabby lips were shining.

"Well, yes, of course," he admitted. "I used to do it that way before I got the calculator."

"You know, Mr. Raj, you are a very interesting man," Vijaya informed him in a soft, sexy voice. She was still holding his hand.

"Oh, no," he protested softly.

"Why, you are, too," Vijaya insisted, letting his hand go and turning to sit on his desk. Crossing her legs, she kicked off her sandals. Then she folded her arms under her breasts and lifted and pressed them inward. "Why, I'm sure Mrs. Raj has a great deal of difficulty keeping her hands off you."

"There is - cough - there is no Mrs. Raj," the banker mumbled nervously. "Now, as I was saying, if we . . ."

"No Mrs. Raj!" Vijaya exclaimed. "Why, that's unbelieveable! Oh, but wait, I understand. A man of your qualities and talents doesn't want to be tied down to just one woman. Mr. Raj, you are a devil, aren't you - the gay bachelor."

Not really "gay" Vijaya prayed softly.

"Well, I, uhm, I - aaahhhh. Yes, I am a bachelor," he admitted.

Vijaya had the feeling the banker was suddenly finding his pants a little too tight. She wondered if he still lived with his mother. She unbuttoned still another button.

"Now, I've got to keep my mind on business." she insisted. "You were saying about the loan?" She twisted sideways and leaned forward, giving him a totally unobstructed view of her pale breasts and their brown dark tips.

Raj's hand shook as he picked up a pencil. The numbers on the pad were a meaningless jumble. He kept seeing Mrs. Sanorita's bare breasts inside her blouse. They were practically in front of his nose, tantalizing soft mounds with brown tips as delectable and exciting as anything he had ever seen in his life. There was a subtle pain in his chest from the sight of this small woman's graceful, feminine torso within her blouse. And why were his pants suddenly so tight and uncomfortable?

Vijaya knew she almost had him. She let her arms slide the length of his desk, bulldozing a drift of papers along. The telephone toppled off the desk and bounced on the carpet with a soft ring. "Yes, Mr. Raj," the receptionist said tingly from the receiver. Raj scrabbled for the phone, picked it up and muttered something, then hung up.

Vijaya was lying on his desk, on her side. She stroked one leg sensuously against the other. "I'm sorry," she groaned, "I just can't keep my mind on business in your presence. I am just too hot!"

She unbuttoned the last button of her blouse and spread it open to reveal one delicate breast.

"Mrs. - Mrs. Sanorita, wh-what in the world are you doing?" he stuttered in a strangled voice.

Vijaya was holding her head propped up with one hand. With the other, she reached over and eased the banker's suit jacket back off one shoulder and then the other. "Aren't you terribly warm in all those clothes?" she asked softly. "It is very warm in here. Why, you're even perspiring!"

"Yes, yes, I guess it is rather warm. The air conditioning must have broken down," Raj agreed. He shed his jacket with Vijaya's help.

"I am just so warm," Vijaya purred, rolling on her back on the desk. She felt the calendar digging into her shoulder and shoved it aside. Then she sensuously wriggled out of her kurta and blouse. 

Sundar Raj was at a total loss. He had never, ever encountered anything like this. Why, the woman was practically naked! Right in the middle of his desk! And her breasts, they looked so soft and exciting, like mounds of ice cream. They were delicious gentle white hills, with sharp pink points. What would happen if he touched them? They were just too inviting not to touch and maybe even suck - suckle and take a bite - and h reached out with shaking fingers and gently brushed the brown points - and jerked his hand back when he felt an electric charge streak up his arm. He had never before touched anything so incredibly hot and exciting.

"Oh, yes," Vijaya hissed. Her passion was becoming real. Something about seducing this balding innocent was incredibly exciting. The gentle, shy touch of his fingers on her tits made her breasts burn with excitement. She reached down and unfastened her ghaghra. Then she lifted her hips off the desk and eased her ghaghra down over her thighs, let it slide down her legs and kicked it off.

The wood of the desk was cool against her buttocks, right through her panties. Nearly naked, Vijaya writhed sensuously on the banker's desk. She rubbed the insides of her thighs together, thrilling to the feel of satin skin against satin skin. Raj's shaking fingers were playing delicately with her tits, making her nipples burn. When he finally engulfed her small breasts on which sweat beads were visible and looked like diamonds to pluck with both of his sweating hands, Vijaya's eyes glazed with passion. God, she loved having her body caressed by a man - or a woman for that matter. It just felt so incredibly, wonderfully good to have hands touching her.

"Aren't you wearing too many clothes?" she whispered softly.

"Yes," Sundar Raj squeaked. "I am, I am wearing too many clothes." Jerking his hands off Vijaya's breasts, he lurched up from his chair, sending it banging back into the wall. He tore frantically at his vest. A gold pocket watch popped out of its pocket and swung wildly on the end of its chain as he hurriedly stripped off his vest. Then he was tearing at his pants, his shirt. His sleeveless undershirt was bulged out by his potbelly, and his legs, protruding from the bottom of his boxer shorts, were skinny and knobby and ludicrous. But there was something lurking inside shorts enough to make Vijaya's mouth and pussy both water. Then the banker stripped off his underwear, and Vijaya gulped. Hanging below the man's potbelly was the most titanic, incredibly delicious-looking cock she had ever seen in her entire life. It dangled obscenely downward, a monstrous pillar of blood- engorged flesh, pallid white with a pink knob. A shining drool of lubricant swung pendulum-like toward the floor from the slit at the tip.

"My panties," Vijaya croaked. "Take off my panties."

Raj was licking his lips mindlessly. He was giddy with a lust he had never felt in his life. He felt his swollen cock swinging ponderously between his scrawny thighs. As he moved around to the end of his desk, his cock rapped against it with a dull thud, sending a painful jolt through him. He reached for the lithe, graceful woman's panties, and hooked his pudgy fingers in the elastic. He fastened his eyes on her breasts as he hauled her panties off her, exposing more and more of her incredibly pretty belly, then a dark, thrilling patch of hair. She lifted her hips off the desk, and he pulled and tugged the lacy garment down, noting how the crotch seemed to cling up between her thighs. The lace pulled away from her bush and he could see two pouting lips and a dark, exciting slit between them far down between her thighs and ruffled dark brown pink folds protruded from her slit and this was what the girly magazines he had risked buying had concealed from him. This was what was really in that formless gray area they showed, or behind the artfully positioned thigh or towel or hand. This was the secret that had been withheld from him for all these years.

He felt as if he were about to explode. Vijaya let her thighs spread, and dangled her feet and legs over the end of the desk. She opened herself wide to the man, blatantly exposing the hot core of her sex. "Touch me - down there," she urged him. "Touch me! See what I have down there. All for you, just for you." She fondled her breasts, pressing and massaging them, rolling the nipples between her fingers.

Raj stood between her open thighs, drooling at the sight of her wantonly exposed pussy. He heard her request, and couldn't believe his incredible good fortune. His pudgy hands trembled with a palsied lust as he reached for her dark, exciting bush. The hair was springy and wiry. He combed his fingers through it, combed the coils out straight and watched how they sprang back to embrace the pale flesh under them. He touched the labia through the hair, and was amazed at how soft and yielding the flesh was in spite of the hard bone beneath. Then he spread the labia, exposing a flash of brilliant, shining pink underneath. Incredibly complicated, was his first thought. There were marvelously intricate folds of pink tissues. There, what was that, that funny looking little pink pearl up near the top? He touched it.
