 Vijayalakshmi was sitting at the employment office of Shanti's bank. 

Vijayalakshmi had been in town for a week and it had been a week like she'd never known before. She was amazed at all the things she'd seen and done. 

It was a new life for a small town girl.

The day before had been spent buying Vijayalakshmi new clothes. 

She was dressed in a simple but expensive skirt and blouse that fit her like a glove. Shanti had explained that the bank liked attractive young women working for them, and that the man who was in charge of hiring especially liked attractive women. Shanti had assured her that a little flirting was all she needed to do to get a job.

"But I've never worked in a bank before," Vijayalakshmi had protested.

"Don't worry about it, sugar," Shanti said. "A good-looking gal like you will find herself as a secretary in somebody's office somebody who likes pretty girls. You won't have any problem. I know all those horny old men at the bank."

Vijayalakshmi still felt nervous, but she knew she couldn't back out now the

Hatchet-faced woman who had taken Vijayalakshmi's application now came back out of an inner office and told Vijayalakshmi that she could go in. 

Vijayalakshmi straightened her clothes as she walked into the office.

Mr.Subodh Kapoor sat behind a big desk. 

He was a younger man than she had expected and kind of good-looking. He had a picture of his wife and children on the desk.

"You're Vijayalakshmi," he said.

"Yes," she answered.

"Shanti told me you'd be coming in. She had high hopes for you, but I've been looking over your application and I can't see where you've had the kind of training we're looking for."

Vijayalakshmi felt her spirits sink as this was what she'd expected as she wished she had gone ahead and tried to find work in the department store near their apartment. 

She felt like she could be a good salesperson or something like that.

Vijayalakshmi sat down and crossed her legs and she let her skirt ride back past her knees and she saw Mr. Kapoor looking at her legs.

"However," he said. "You do have possibilities."

"I do?" she said, leaning forward and letting her tits press lewdly against the front of her blouse. It was plain to see that she wasn't wearing a bra and that her big nipples were already hard and pointy. Mr. Kapoor cleared his throat. "You really think you might find something for me?" she asked again.

Vijayalakshmi was beginning to have fun. 

Mr.Kapoor was a lot like the boys back home. He was getting nervous and sweaty at her teasing.

She knew that a woman like Shanti and he would have been over his desk and mauling her by now but Mr. Kapoor wasn't quite that brave. Although he was obviously enjoying looking at her as she saw him wiggle in his seat and she wondered if he had a hard-on. 

"What kind of work would I be doing, Mr. Kapoor?" she asked. "Shanti mentioned something about doing some secretary work. I don't really know a lot about that."

"Hmmmm," he said. "I can see that by your application. But perhaps we could find something that doesn't require a lot of skills sometimes our secretary's do a lot of special work and public relations."

"That sounds like fun," Vijayalakshmi said.

"Now don't get me wrong," Kapoor said. "It's not going to be that much fun. It's going to require long hours and sometimes working late with the boss."

"I wouldn't mind that," she said.

"Are you sure you don't have a boyfriend who would mind?" he asked. "Sometimes boyfriends can get a little nasty when their girls are working after dark."

I don't have any boyfriends," she answered. "Not yet. I don't know many people here."

Mr. Kapoor stood up and she could see the bulge between his legs he was walking a little uncomfortably and she giggled she had always enjoyed the way she turned men on now she enjoyed it even more because Shanti and Ratan had taught her what it was all about.

Subodh Kapoor moved behind her chair and he had never felt so damned uncomfortable in an interview before there was something about the sweet look of this young girl that really worked him up and she was making it obvious that she might not mind a little flirting from him and he put his hand on her shoulder and felt the heat of her body and it seemed to spread through his body and make his cock as hard as a rock.

"Maybe we could work something out," he suggested. "I think we might have a job opening for a woman of your obvious qualifications."

"Oh, thank you, sir," she said, turning so suddenly that his hand brushed across one large tit and he felt the give of her firm tit-flesh and he realized that she wasn't wearing a bra it made him harder to think of all that hot tit waiting for his fingers.

"Perhaps you could come back later," he suggested. "After business hours when everyone's gone and we could have more time to talk about what kind of job we could give you."

Vijayalakshmi realized what he had in mind, and she knew what she was going to do. She was only supposed to flirt with him, but there was a perfectly nice couch in the corner. She found herself getting turned on by the situation.

She might not have been interested if he had been an ugly man. But there was something very attractive about this young banker. She was sure he would know how to use that big cock in his trousers.

"I don't think I need to come back after business hours," she said. She got up and locked the door. "I think we have plenty of time right now."

She saw the surprise in his face as she walked toward him. She leaned close enough so that the points of her tits nearly touched him in the chest. She could see the hunger in his eyes.

"Do you want to fuck me?" she asked.

"Oh, God, yes," he answered her. "More than anything I've ever wanted in my life."

"And do I get a job?" she asked.

"You've got one, sugar," he answered her. "But you still have to prove you have talent."

"I'm about to do that," she promised.

Vijayalakshmi could feel the excitement racing through her and she moved closer to Subodh Kapoor as her huge round tits pressed against his chest. His face turned a bright red as she could tell he was itching to grab her, but he was too scared to move.

"Don't be shy, baby," she told him. "Take me in your arms. I won't break. Promise!"

"Goddamn," Subodh Kapoor said softly. "I don't think I've ever met a woman like you!"

She made the move because he still seemed too nervous to move. She put her arms around his back and pulled him even closer against her. She wiggled her big tits against his chest. She felt him move his crotch against her and his cock felt steely hard as it rubbed against her pussy.

"Ummmmm," she said. "You feel like you're really hot for me."

His hands went around her ass. She felt him cupping her ass cheeks and jerking her against him so that she could feel the entire length of his fat cock.

She slid her hand between them and her fingers rubbed across his thick prick. She felt him jerk with pleasure. His hands gripped her ass a little tighter.

She was no longer in control. He was kissing her mouth and ramming his tongue savagely down her throat. He started guiding her over to the couch.

His hands moved down the backs of her thighs and under her short skirt. She felt him moving his fingers up her ass until he was caressing her cheeks again. This time there was only the thin fabric of her panties protecting her from his heated fingers.

"You make me feel so good," she whispered.

He pushed her down on the couch. Her legs spread automatically and his hand went between her creamy thighs. She felt his fingertips rubbing across her pussy-lips. She could already feel a burning heat in her cunt.

"Oh, that's right, baby," she moaned. "You know what I like. You know what makes me feel good!"

She slumped down farther on the couch and opened her legs wider. Now his entire hand stroked her pussy-mound. She could feel the electric sparks jumping from her pussy to her swollen tits. As he moved his hands up to caress her tits, she moaned ecstatically.

"Undo me," she told him. "Take my blouse off. Play with my big tits."

Subodh acted as if he could hardly wait to get her blouse off and get at her luscious jugs as his fingers fumbled with her buttons. She removed his hand and undid them herself, she pulled the blouse apart and let her Grape fruit-sized tits spring out at him. She saw the hungry look in his eyes as she grabbed the back of his head and pulled his face down to the creamy valley between her soft breasts.

"Suck them," she whispered. "Have you a feast and I like having my big tits sucked!"

He started licking her aching nipples. She felt his tongue moving roughly over her tender breasts. She kept stroking the back of his head as she felt both her tits getting covered with his saliva.

He finally opened his mouth wide and took one of her tender nipples between his teeth. He bit down gently and she writhed in pleasure. He started drawing her nipple back and forth between his teeth. Even Shanti and Kamesh had not given her this kind of pleasure. It made her entire body ache with desire.

Again she reached down and rubbed her fingers across his rock-hard cock.

He moved so that she could reach it better as her fingers quickly rubbed up and down the length of his cock.

"God, baby," he groaned. "You don't know what you're doing to me. You don't fucking know."

She knew exactly what she was doing to him as she found the zipper on his trousers and pulled it down. Her hand eased inside the opening as his cock felt so hard and she had to fight with his shorts to get them out of the

Way, finally her fingers touched his bare cock-flesh.

"Oh, God," he moaned. "God, your hand feels good!"

She clutched his steely cock and carefully pulled it out of his trousers. She wrapped her fingers around it and started moving her hand up and down. Immediately, she felt a hot spurting of his cock-cream. She felt his sticky jism running over her fingers and she worked her hand faster.

"Not so fast, baby," he pleaded. "You'll make me come too soon, and I want some of your sweet pussy!"

Vijayalakshmi slowed her hand down but she kept him clutched tightly. He was really sucking and biting on her tits and she could feel a burning fever all over her body. She pushed his head away.

"Let me take my panties off," she moaned.

"Let me take everything off!"

Quickly, Vijayalakshmi sat up on the couch and began tearing at her clothes. 

It took her only a few moments to completely undress. She heard him sigh as he stared at her naked body. She could feel the hot heat of his eyes going all over her. He was fucking her with his horny eyes.

"Do you like me?" she asked.

"God, yes," he moaned. "I think you're beautiful!"

He pushed her back on the couch again. This time his lips felt even hungrier. He was sucking on her titties like he was going to devour her. She didn't understand how he got so much of her titty-flesh into his mouth.She could feel his teeth biting her and his tongue running over her nipples.

This time Subodh Kapoor rose up and he started tearing off his clothes. He had a good body. She reached up and ran her fingers through his curly chest-hair and down to his flat belly. She could sense his trembling excitement.

"Now come on and fuck me," she groaned. "Come and fuck me good! Give me your big hard cock!"

She trembled as he came to the couch. He spread her legs wide and pressed his bloated cock-head against her pussy-lips. She gasped with pleasure as she felt how thick his cock-head was. He was like a young stallion, and he was really ready to fuck her.

"Don't tease me with it," she pleaded. "Give it to me hard. Put that big goddamned thing in my pussy!"

She had been holding her voice down, but now she didn't give a damn if everyone in the bank heard what was going on. The slight pressure of his huge prick-head just felt too good.

She reached down and wrapped her fingers around his throbbing cock. She pulled the swollen head of his cock hard against her pussy. She felt his hard cock-head pop into her cunt. It was what she wanted. She screamed in pleasure and pulled harder at his fat cock.

"Now!" she screamed. "Put it in me all the way. Don't wait any more.

Put it in me all the fucking way!"

This time he gave her what she wanted. He thrust forward and she felt his cock sliding into her cunt all the way. He really filled her even better than Kamesh. She could feel his throbbing cock-head all the way into her belly.

"Good," she groaned. "That feels so good. Do it to me, baby. Fuck me good!"

Subodh began to fuck her in slow, delicious strokes. His fat cock filled her so completely that she could hardly understand how he was moving at all. She could feel his bloated cock-head savagely pushing her pussy-lips apart each time he thrust into her cunt.

"That's the way to do it!" she cried. "That's the way I like it. Fuck your whore! Fuck your little office whore!"

She slipped her hands down his back and felt his taut ass. She held onto tightly as he kept thrusting his hard cock into her cunt. Subodh Kapoor may have been a sensible type, but he sure knew where to put his big cock.

She felt him change his pace. He was driving deep into her and then lifting himself up when he pulled back. This made his cock rub against her aching clit. It made her crazy. She lifted her legs so that his cock thrust deep inside her pussy.

"You fuck well" she whispered. "You fuck good I've never been fucked so good!"

His hands moved up to her tits again. He was grabbing them like he couldn't get enough of them. She felt his thumbs tweaking her rigid nipples.

"I'm fucking your ass off," he moaned. "I'm fucking your sweet ass off.

You bitch. You sweet fucking bitch! How does it feel, bitch? How does it feel to have my big cock inside you?"

"It feels good," she answered. "Nothing has ever felt so good. You know how to use your prick!"

He was ramming her a little faster. She could hear the wet sounds his cock was making as his swollen cock tore into her. She could feel his hot knob ramming deep into her cunt. She could feel his jism leaking inside her. His jism was mixing with her juices and making his cock slide into her easier.

Vijayalakshmi could feel the warmth growing in her pussy. She knew it was getting closer to her climax. She raised her legs higher and locked them around his back. She found his mouth and stabbed her tongue inside. She felt the first shivering-spasm shooting through her cunt.

"Oh, that's it!" she cried. "That's what I want. It feels good!It feels so good. You know how to make me come, Mr. Kapoor! You know how to make me come! IT FEELS GOOD, SO GOOD!"

It did feel better than she expected. She felt the hot climax shooting through her body. Her juices flooded his thick cock, and he started driving it into her faster. She felt like he was going to drive her right through the couch.

"I love your cock," she moaned. "I love your big cock. Give it to me hard! Give it to me hard. Come in my pussy!"

The couch was slamming against the wall each time he thrust. She had not expected Subodh Kapoor to get so violent, but he was giving her a fucking like she'd never had before. He acted like he was trying to tear her in half with his huge cock.

"My cock's bigger, bitch," he moaned. "You feel it getting bigger? It's getting ready to shoot my cum in you!"

She couldn't answer because his mouth covered hers again. His tongue was ramming into her mouth almost as fast as his cock was stabbing her cunt. She felt more of his jism leaking into her cunt and she raised her ass off the couch.

"I'm ready for it, baby!" she cried. "I'm ready for it. Shoot it in me. Shoot the cum in me!"

He moved his mouth to her throat and she felt him biting her. She had known anyone to get so turned on. She felt one of his hands playing in her thick dark hair.

"I'm coming!" he screamed. "I'm coming. I'm going to shoot my cum! I'm going to fucking come in your pussy! Feel my cum? Feel it shooting in your pussy? FEEL IT!"

He rammed into her deeply and she felt his cum shooting into her cunt. She loved nothing better than dripping cum in her cunt and onto her thighs. She moved her ass quickly to drain every drop of his precious jism.

"That's right," she moaned. "Shoot it all in me. Shoot every drop!"

He kept moving his cock into her pussy for what seemed like hours before his prick went soft and slipped out of her. She felt his cock rubbing against the creamy insides of her thighs.

"That felt wonderful," she whispered. "And you don't really have to give me a job."

"Baby," Subodh Kapoor said. "You're not going anywhere else to work. This company couldn't afford to let a woman like you get away!"