 For the longest time I thought I led an interesting and exciting life. Yes, I've had my share of triumphs and tragedies, my share of adventures, my share of lovers. But the day I met Debbie, I realized that I didn't know what true excitement could be.

I've always been attracted to smart and funny women, and Debbie is off the chart in both of those categories. But there are lots of smart and funny women, you might say to me. Well, not as many as you'd imagine, but, yes, you're right, there are quite a few. And I've met many of them. Every once in a while a woman comes along who is bright and witty and beautiful. And that is rarer still. But Debbie makes those rare beauties look like chopped liver. My Debbie is the most vibrant, smart, funny, sexy and adventuresome woman I've ever come across.

I met her quite by accident, on visit to an office of a friend of mine. She caught my eye the minute I walked through the door. You know how some people have a smile that is contagious? Well, what I caught when Debbie greeted me with that broad smile of hers was terminal!! Before me I saw an almost pixie-like woman, oh, maybe 5-3 on a good day, reddish brown hair, trim figure, and drop-dead gorgeous!

Now, normally I prefer women closer to my own age and I was pretty sure that Debbie was only in her mid-thirties. But she was so enchanting, I found myself flirting with her for all that I was worth. It was only later, when she agreed to go out with me that I discovered that she was nearly as old as I am. This charismatic beauty was fifty years old!

Do you know how some woman have an aura of sexiness about them? Well, that's what I've always heard, but I never really crossed paths with one until Debbie. Sexiness radiated from her. Just the way she walked and moved made me feel all warm and fuzzy inside. It was impossible to take my eyes off her. She commanded my attention! Her eyes sparkled when she spoke and if she needed to emphasize a point, she would touch my arm, sending sizzles of electricity straight into my brain.

Needless to say, I fell hopeless in love with her.

After our first date we kissed on her doorstep. I like kissing, the intimacy of it. Kissing Debbie was wonderful! I liked the feel of her body pressed up close to mine. How she wrapped her arms around me and stood on her tip-toes to help me reach her sweet lips. I was in heaven. All my senses were intoxicated by this woman: the smell of her perfume, the feel of her body, the look on her pretty face, the taste of her lips, and the cute sounds she made as we embraced. Without even realizing what was going on, I soon found myself in bed with her. It all seemed so natural. It was probably the single most satisfying experience of my life, both highly romantic and acutely erotic. From that moment, I was hooked.

Now, I know what you're thinking. The romancing is always wonderful, but after a while, the excitement of exploring a woman dies down, and the relationship eventually becomes hum-drum. Not with Debbie. She's like the Energizer Bunny. Always running, always upbeat, always adventuresome, always ready for fun, and, always ready for sex.

Well, let me give you an example. One day I arrived home after work, plopped down on the sofa, and turned on Sports Center.

After a little while, Debbie breezed into the room, a big smile on her face. She looked perfect, as usual. Nobody knows how to dress quite like Debbie does. She often told me that looking and feeling good starts with the underwear. "What's closest to the skin is what counts," she would say. Lacy or frilly bras and thongs made her feel sexy, and when Debbie felt sexy, it made her happy and when she was happy, everyone around her seemed to be happier.

Walking over to the TV, Debbie clicked it off.

"Hey, I was watching that!" I protested.

Looking over her shoulder at me, Debbie smiled. Then she turned on the stereo, puledl out a Robert Palmer CD and put it on to play.

When the music started, Debbie's body began undulating to the rhythm and her eyes were locked on mine.

As Debbie danced before me, I was mesmerized. I couldn't move and I couldn't take my eyes off her. Kicking off her heels, she turned her back to me and moved her ass in such smooth circles, I began to feel myself become aroused. I had to wiggle in my seat to adjust my trousers as I watched her reach back with her hand to unzip her dress, slowly pulling the zipper down so that I could catch a glimpse of the strap of her bra. Then quickly turning to face me, Debbie gyrated slowly from the stereo over to the sofa, letting her dress fall away slightly from her shoulders. The flash of skin only aroused me more.

The look on her face varied from smiling to sultry. Oh, she knew what she was doing. She knew me well enough to know how to press my buttons. And as she danced before, my desire for her continued to grow.

And what a tease! Just as I thought she was close enough for me to reach out to touch her, Debbie would back away, laughing at how I was being tormented. Continuing to sway so sensually with the music, Debbie again turned away from me, stopping only long enough to let her dress fall to the floor. Stepping out of her dress, she moved her ass to the music, her full cheeks separated by the lavender thong she was were. Moving toward me again, I could see her large, full breasts nearly falling out of her low-cut lavender bra. Her legs were adorned with faintly-pink thigh-highs which excited me as I took in her legs from her thong down to her toes.

Groping for my crotch, I need to adjust my pants again as my hardness raged. Shaking her head "No", she motioned for me to keep my hands away from my lap. Without saying a word she had told me volumes about what she had in mind for me.

The next phase of her plot almost made me lose control. Dancing over to the cushioned chair opposite the sofa and near to the stereo, Debbie sat back into the cushions and she stretched out one leg and then the next. Then slowly, she began rolling down the stocking on her left leg, until it was down to her foot. Pulling it off quickly, and tossing the silky stocking away, she flexed her toes, knowing how much I enjoy watching a bare footed woman.

Switching to the other leg, Debbie repeated the maneuver, smiling as she watched my face, knowing what it was doing to me.

Now barefoot, Debbie got up and began dancing to a new song. Oh, my, she looked so sexy! It was all that I could do not get up and take her into my arms and carry her off the bedroom. 

Turning her back to me again, she reached behind herself to unclasp her bra. With her back still toward me, she dangled it out on one finger before letting it drop to the floor. When she turned back to face me her hands were crossed in front of her, barely concealing her full breasts from my view.

I must have had a pitiful look on my face because she danced over to me, her hands moving to cup her breasts. Standing about three feet from me, Debbie began massaging her breasts to torture me even more. Her nipples were hard and inviting and I wanted to suck on them desperately. 

Moving between my legs, Debbie leaned forward and offered me one of her breasts. Eagerly taking it my mouth, I tried to reach for her in order to bring her closer, but with her free hand she deflected my hand away and shook her head "no" again.

When I tried to suckle her other breast, she laughed and backed away from me, her body still moving, as if one with the music. I moaned pathetically, which was probably exactly the effect she was after.

Turning her back to me again, Debbie danced backward to me and sat down on my lap. Wanting to touch her breasts, I reached around her, but, again, she deflected my advances. Grinding her ass into my lap, my hardness became even more acute than it was before.

"Please, Debbie, Please! You're killing me!" I pleaded.

Giving me one last long hard grind, Debbie got up and moved into the center of the room. Her large breasts bounced with the music as her hips swayed. As I watched her intently, she reached her thumbs into the elastic of her thong and began pushing it downward. This time she didn't turn around, but kept her eyes riveted to my face. I knew she wanted to see my expression when she finally revealed her neatly trimmed pussy to me. When the thong got pushed down to her thighs, she let it go and it fell to the floor. Then using the chair as a stripper's pole, she circled and swaying as if she was an exotic dancer rather than an office administrator. 

Debbie moved with grace and style, but she could throw in a provocative squat or thrust, just to let you know what things were going on in her head. As I watched her intently, I wanted her more and more. She was driving me crazy with desire.

When a slower, more romantic song came on, Debbie walked sultrily toward me and, pushing my knees apart with her hands, she knelt down before me. Pressing my hands firmly on the cushions, Debbie then deftly unbuckled and unzipped my pants. Looking at me with a look that melted my heart (but not my desire), she reached in and pulled out my throbbing cock. I lifted my butt so that she could pull my pants down to my knees, but she never let go of me. Once I was settled again, Debbie began stroking me. I knew that she enjoyed the feel of a man in her hands, just as I knew how much pleasure it gave her to give me such pleasure.

Then, leaning forward, she took me into her warm, wet mouth. I shuddered at the feeling and wanted desperately to soon return the favor. Using her hand to stroke me, she let her tongue cradle the swollen head before taking the full length of my hardness into her mouth. I began groaning and grasping at the cushions as the pleasure coursed through my body.

Just when I thought I would explode, Debbie stopped and finally spoke, "No, darling, not quite yet!"

Then she moved up onto my lap and lowered herself down onto me, her wetness engulfing me totally. I pressed my head between her breasts as Debbie started riding me. She was so wet. I love the sloshing sounds that comes when making love with her. As Debbie moved up and down on me, she began moaning. As much as her dance had excited me, it must have done the same to her, because it was only a few minutes before she erupted, gasping loudly before taking my head in her hands and kissing me deeply.

With her kiss, I too, erupted, thrusting up into her wetness and filling her with my passion.

We embraced and remained like that for a long time. Keeping my cock inside her, Debbie rocked back and forth occasionally to keep me hard. Finally, I maneuvered her onto the sofa so that her head lay back on a pillow. Looking down on my sexy Debbie, I kissed her feet and legs, letting my hot tongue slide down along her inner thighs. She had pleased me so greatly, I simply had to repay her.

As my tongue parted her lips, I could taste myself inside her. Pressing her bare feet onto my shoulders, she opened herself to me and I took her swollen clit into my mouth.  Gasping, she ran her hands through my hair and guided my head to the places that gave her the most pleasure. When I felt her thighs tremble with the first wave of her orgasm, it gave me such pleasure. When Debbie cried out when the full force of it washed over her I was quite pleased with myself. I didn't stop licking and sucking until the second one rose and crested. Only when the last tremor subsided, did I raise my head and smile. I knew that this was just the beginning of a long night of passion.

So that is life with Debbie. We have had many adventures which I will save for another time. I just wanted to let you know that I'm the luckiest guy in the world.