 Mamta and I hadn't really dated very long, so our break-up wasn't traumatic or anything, which made Debra's offer all the more puzzling to me. Another classmate of ours, she had been much more of a friend to Mamta than she had ever been to me, so when she offered me her sympathy and suggested I come to her apartment to talk things out, I just thought it was kind of weird. I went as far as to say that I thought she'd want to help Mamta more than me to which she replied that she was just trying to be impartial. I didn't really feel that there was anything that needed to be talked out but I finally told her that I'd come by, hoping more that it would just get her off my back. She seemed satisfied and told me when to be there but didn't see me rolling my eyes and shaking my head as she walked away.

Debra's apartment was just a block away from my dorm, so swinging by was no big inconvenience. She opened the door and let me in, not looking any different than she had earlier that day, so I had no reason to suspect anything funny was going on. She was quite a bit shorter than me with thick, dark hair, a round, full ass and an impressive rack but she wasn't somebody who I necessarily found attractive. She poured a couple glasses of red wine, handed me one and led me over to the couch. She asked me if there was anything that I wanted to get off my chest and I basically laid it out that things had never gotten all that serious between Mamta and me, so there wasn't really anything to get over. Debra nodded and said that Mamta had pretty much said the same thing as well as that we didn't seem to be in synch sexually, either. I had to agree with that; while Mamta had a kick-ass body, she seemed pretty uptight sexually, but I don't know that that was something I'd have shared with Debra. Instead, I just agreed that we had not been in synch.

"She said that you were too big," Debra replied, looking at me over the rim of her wineglass.

"Really?" I responded, my eyebrows furrowed. I was perplexed because I'd never been accused of being too big before and considered myself to be about average.

"Mmm-hmm," Debra continued, running her finger along the rim of her wineglass, "She said that sex with you was painful."

"I gotta be honest, Debra," I answered, "I think I'm about average. Maybe she was just too small."

"Well," she started, setting down her wineglass and moving closer to me, "I'd be happy to check for myself and put the question to rest."

Her hand was moving up my thigh and I could feel my cock beginning to rise. I hadn't even had an entire glass of wine but, looking at Debra, she was suddenly looking a lot more attractive to me. I still played it cool, though, and told her to knock herself out. She started opening my jeans as my cock continued to grow to full rigidity and, as she started to work them down, she moved down onto the floor. My briefs were completely tented out, which didn't escape Debra's notice, but she removed my jeans first, then came back to address them. She lifted the waistband and slowly worked it down until my cock sprung free, her eyes locked on it, then fully removed my briefs and took my shaft in her fist.

"It isn't as big as I was expecting," she said, without a hint of disappointment in her voice, "but, God, is it nice. Do you mind if I suck it?" She looked up at me as she asked this, still stroking, and I told her to go for it. She smiled before lowering her head into my lap and engulfing my tool in her mouth. Her thick, dark hair tickled my thighs but my attention was focused on the pleasure of her lips sliding up and down my rigid shaft while her hand pumped the base. I had set my wine down, so I ran both hands through her hair as I watched my cock disappear into her mouth and reappear, slick with her saliva. After a few minutes of hugely pleasurable cocksucking, she slipped her mouth free and, while continuing to pump my shaft, started running her tongue over my balls. I couldn't help but moan.

Mamta had been a respectable cocksucker, so it wasn't like I hadn't had a decent blowjob in a while, but Debra really seemed into what she was doing. Once she'd given my balls a good tongue bath, she ran her tongue up and down and around my shaft, working her way back up to the head. She ran her tongue around the head before wrapping her lips around it and sliding them down my shaft again. I just watched her talented mouth working as I felt the incredible pleasure that it was providing. It didn't take long at all before I felt an orgasm slowly beginning to build and I certainly appreciated being in a position to just enjoy the efforts Debra was putting into bringing it on.

I was muttering encouragements as she continued running her hot mouth up and down my shaft, meaning every positive word that I said to her; I was already thinking how I'd like to experience this on a regular basis. As my orgasm continued to come closer and closer and I was nearly out of my mind with the level of pleasure that I was feeling, my cock also was beginning to swell in anticipation. Debra continued sucking, still appearing to enjoy my cock in her mouth as much as I was enjoying her mouth on my cock. I couldn't help but start pushing my cock toward her face, my ass rising up off the couch, as I teetered right on the brink of cumming, so anxious I was to blow my load. Finally, with a moan of relief, I began to spurt into her mouth while she devoured my load and continued milking it from me.

Spent, I collapsed back onto the couch as Debra raised her head, licking her lips. She stood and stepped over to grab her glass of wine, which she downed in one gulp as I admired her full breasts and round ass, which were both now a lot more appealing to me. When she turned back, I asked if she was going to undress for me now. She cocked her head and asked if that was what I wanted, to which I just nodded slowly while smiling. She set her empty glass back down and started raising her top up, revealing her pale white belly followed by a lacy black bra. Her head disappeared while her pale cleavage came into view, drawing my attention, then her face appeared again. She smiled at my attentive stare then began to work the elastic waist of her pants slowly down to reveal that her panties were black as well. Once she'd stepped out of her pants, I had her execute a turn for me and was pleased to see that her panties were actually a thong.

She started to reach behind her to unfasten her bra, but I stopped her and, instead, had her come over and lie on the couch. I moved up over her and lowered my lips to hers, our tongues quickly ending up in each other's mouths. We made out passionately as I fondled her tits for a few minutes before I started kissing my way down her neck. I reached behind her and undid her bra myself, sliding the cups down as my lips were working their way down the soft flesh toward her nipples. Her areolas were large and light pink, surrounding thick, hard nipples, which I immediately began to suck as soon as they were exposed. As I alternated from one nipple to the other, Debra managed to slide her bra the rest of the way off and cast it aside then began running her fingers through my hair.

I was pretty confident that, after sucking me off, partially stripping, making out and having her nipples sucked, Debra would be pretty worked up so I started moving down, intending to provide her some relief. I kissed my way over her belly and over the front of her panties before pulling them aside to reveal a smooth, hairless pussy. Diving right in, I began to lap up the juices that were accumulating between her soft lips before focusing my tonguing on her clit. I slipped a finger easily into her, thanks to the copious lubrication, while licking and sucking her clit and glanced up to see her fondling her tits with her eyes closed. I watched as she gently pulled her hard nipples, feeling the blood returning to my no-longer-flaccid tool as I prepared a second finger to join the first already embedded in her pussy.

As my second finger slipped easily into Debra's slick pussy along with the first and she let out a deep moan, I knew there wasn't going to be any of the sort of problems that Mamta had experienced. Pumping those two fingers while continuing to lick and suck her clit, my cock was quickly reviving. Debra was rocking her hips and had abandoned her tits to grasp my head and hold it in place. Her moaning and whimpering was getting louder and more continuous as her pussy became more engorged and, somehow, even more slippery the longer I devoured her. When her hip gyrations went from extremely quick to suddenly more like slow motion, I knew that she was about to explode, which she did with a pleasure-filled cry. I continued to eat her pussy as she shuddered through her orgasm, raising my head once she'd gone completely still.

Rising to my knees with my rigid cock jutting out before me, I slid Debra's thong panties over her ass and down her legs and tossed them aside. Giving my cock a few strokes, I leaned forward over Debra and guided it into her juicy pussy, easily sliding all the way to the root as we both moaned softly. I slowly began to piston in and out of her, relishing the feel of her slippery pussy wrapped around my tool. Because of the difference in our heights, we couldn't make out in this position as we fucked, though I really wasn't focused on that as I was thinking more about how great it felt sliding my cock in and out of her. I fondled her tits a bit as I humped her but even found that a bit awkward so I started thinking about a change of position. I couldn't bring myself to immediately stop fucking her, but eventually pulled free of her pussy and sat on the couch so that she could straddle me.

In this new position, her tits were right there in front of me so I played with them while she figured out how to ride me to achieve the maximum level of pleasure. It took only a few minutes for her to figure that out and she was off to the races. I was certainly enjoying the feeling of her pussy wrapped around my cock, regardless of how it was moving, but I was completely focused on the two mammoth tits in front of me. I hefted the weight of them in my hands, gently caressed the smooth skin along the undersides, ran my palms lightly over her hard nipples and traced circles around her large areolas with my fingertips. I did notice that Debra started out riding me slowly and casually but gradually, just as her moaning increased, the pace of her fucking was increasing as well.

When she was reaching a frantic pace and I knew she was approaching another orgasm, I let my hands drop down to her hips to help push myself deeper into her. My attention was still mainly focused on her bouncing tits but I was certainly enjoying the feel of her hot, wet pussy sliding up and down my cock. As I stared at her tits, I realized that I absolutely had to fuck them before I left her apartment. Once she'd cum a second time, I doubted very much that she'd deny me anything that I suggested. With a smug smile that she never saw with her eyes closed, I focused my efforts on helping her to cum. I knew it was all paying off when I could feel her pussy becoming even more slippery and hot and her moaning was getting quite high-pitched. Finally, she seemed to go into slow motion as a shiver passed through her and she let out a long, low moan.

As she caught her breath, I decided that I wasn't going to fuck those beauties quite yet because I still felt like I had a ways to go before I would be ready to cum myself. Once she opened her eyes and let out a sigh, I suggested she get on all-fours so I could take her from behind. She gingerly dismounted me and moved next to me with her ass in the air as I positioned myself behind her. Her ass was well-padded and I planned to make it jiggle as my hips repeatedly bounced off of it. I guided my cock back into her, pushed all the way in as she moaned into the sofa cushion, then grasped her by the hips and started to slide in and out of her slippery pussy. True to my expectations, her ass jiggled enticingly each time my hips made contact, even at my slow initial pace.

I started out just holding her by the hips and slowly fucking her, enjoying the feel of my cock sliding in and out of her and anticipating a nice, slow build to an orgasm. Her tits were resting against the couch cushion, so I reached down from her hips and slid my hands under them, caressing the soft flesh and gently fondling her hard nipples. She raised her head up off the cushion, raising her tits up off of it at the same time, and allowing me better access to fondle them. Leaning over her, I was still slowly humping her ass, burying my cock as deeply as I could and gradually feeling the stirrings of my next orgasm. While one of Debra's arms supported her, the other was tucked under her, presumably to stimulate her clit while I fucked her.

As I felt my orgasm starting to build up more, I released her tits, straightened up and took her by the hips again. I increased my pace, still fascinated by the jiggling of her ass, and was fucking her faster and harder, intending to switch to her tits once I was much closer to cumming. In the meantime, I relished fucking her hot pussy, intending to do it for as long as I could manage. Since the last girl I'd fucked had been Mamta, and we'd been "out of synch sexually," I was really appreciating how incredible this unexpected tryst with Debra was turning out. She was the opposite of uptight and had been not only open to everything, but had opened that initial door and was clearly enjoying herself as much as I was. I could have knelt behind her all night, my hips smacking against her jiggling ass, but eventually I felt the slow build nearing a peak and decided it was time to fuck her tits.

I pulled out and suggested she roll onto her back, moving up to straddle her ribs once she was positioned. I lay my cock between her fleshy globes and squeezed them together around it as she reached around to squeeze my ass. Slowly, I started sliding in and out between her jugs, moaning at the feel of the soft, smooth flesh wrapped around my tool. I'd tit-fucked Mamta, as well as a few other girls, but Debra's were, by far, the largest tits I'd every had my dick between and, let me tell you, size does matter. I'd thought that I would have been content to fuck her doggie-style all night long, but that was before I'd started tit-fucking her. Unfortunately, there was no way I'd be able to fuck those beauties all night because it felt so damn good that it had my orgasm coming on much more quickly than I'd expected. I tried to draw it out longer by fucking them slowly, but it got to the point where it was a lost cause.

Just as I was about to explode all over her chest, I released her tits and moved up far enough to slide my cock into her mouth again. It took only a few strokes into that hot orifice before I exploded down her throat again. She swallowed my second load and nursed my cock until I was completely spent, then I pulled out and moved to sit on the couch. She sat up, too, then got up and retrieved the bottle of wine, refilling her glass and topping mine off as I continued to admire both her fleshy tits and her fleshy ass. She sat back down beside me and we toasted to "helping me get over Mamta."

"Speaking of Mamta," Debra said, after a sip of wine, "would you mind if we kept this, and any future encounters if you're interested, from her? I don't want her feeling like I betrayed her or anything."

"No, that's fine," I replied, thinking more that I didn't really want anyone in our major knowing that I was banging her, "that could be pretty awkward, so it is probably better if we are discreet."

"So you're interested in coming back?" she asked.

"Oh, Debra," I said, "I can't be 100% certain that I'm over Mamta yet, so I'd better retain your services for the foreseeable future."

There were so many potential rehabilitative activities bouncing around my brain that I wasn't sure where we'd need to begin.