 I love hiking, especially through the mountains, so on occasion I will spend a weekend camping so that I can get in a lot of hiking. As dangerous as it sounds, I often do this by myself. It is entirely possible that I could be eaten by a bear while I sleep and not be discovered for days or weeks. The possibility is somewhat remote, though, because I always check in with the rangers when I arrive and let them know where I’ll be and that I’ll be alone. More often than not I’ll get a couple of visits a day from thoughtful rangers just checking in on me. I don’t mind these visits, especially since rangers are generally good people and, since they know the area, they often impart tips and suggestions on the best places for hiking and where to find the best views. Until recently, that has been the main benefit I’ve received from the rangers.

For this particular trip, I’d reserved a campsite at a park in a somewhat remote part of the state. I’d never visited there before and thought that, due to its remoteness, the wilderness might be a bit more pristine. I followed the directions until I was the only car on the road, then turned off the paved way onto a dirt and gravel road. Trailed by a cloud of dust, I finally found the ranger station and parked. The ranger station was small and quiet and I wondered when the last time was it had seen any visitors. As I approached the counter I also wondered if anyone was even around. Before I had a chance to call out, a door behind the counter opened and a ranger came out. I was pleasantly surprised that the ranger was a she and not too unattractive at that. She also seemed a little flushed which made me think I’d probably disturbed her nap.

If she’d just woken up, though, she sure didn’t seem like it. She was pleasant (as most rangers are) and made frequent eye contact while looking over my reservation form. I took the opportunity while she was looking through some of her papers to give her the once over. She was about 5’-5” tall with light brown hair pulled back into a ponytail, gold oval-shaped wire-rimmed glasses and beautiful hazel eyes. It was hard to get a good impression of her figure under the unflattering ranger uniform, but she wasn’t in obviously bad shape. I took in as much as I could figuring I’d at least have some fantasy material as I lay alone in my tent that night.

Since I was in no rush to get going and she seemed pleased to have a visitor, I stayed and talked longer than I had originally planned. I also learned her name was Shannon. I didn’t want to overstay my welcome and was getting ready to excuse myself when Shannon hesitated for a second, then asked if I knew anything about computers. I indicated that I knew a fair amount, but was by no means an authority.

“Can you come take a look at something for me?” she asked as she invited me around the counter. I assumed she was having some computer problems (which may have explained her state when I arrived) and that she was asking me for some help. If you review exactly what she said, though, you’ll notice that I read a bit into her words. You’ll see what I mean.

The office was fair sized and dominated by a desk and a reference table which held the computer. We’d spent enough time b.s.-ing for the screen saver to pop up – the state park logo was now bouncing around the monitor. I stood beside Shannon as she sat before the computer and moved the mouse to turn off the screen saver. The desktop wallpaper also showed the state park logo. Shannon clicked on a minimized application on the bottom of the screen which turned out to be Internet Explorer. The website she’d been on popped back up to show a screenful of thumbnailed pictures. As I looked closer, I noticed that they were sexually graphic pictures which piqued my curiosity.

“I think this is my favorite,” Shannon said as she clicked on one of them. A much larger photo showing a big-busted, nude blonde sitting on the lap of a mostly unseen man whose massive tool was buried deep in her shaved pussy filled the screen. I felt blood beginning to flow into my nether regions as Shannon just stared for a few moments at the screen. She then went back to the thumbnail screen and clicked another, saying “Although I like this one, too.” The second shot came up showing the blonde with her lips wrapped around the huge tool. We both gazed at the screen for a few minutes before Shannon looked up at my face briefly, noting my trancelike state, then glanced down at the bulge in my cargo shorts.

“It looks like you like this one, too.” She said as she reached out to stroke my straining hardness. That drew me out of my daze. I looked down at Shannon as she smiled up at me, rubbing the front of my shorts.

“You spend all day looking at this stuff?” I asked.

“Most days.” She answered.

“You must be pretty horny” I stated.

“Incredibly” she clarified.

I leaned down and pressed my lips against hers. She responded by opening her mouth and allowing my tongue access while her own tongue entered my mouth. I helped her to stand and her arms went immediately around my neck while my hands went to the front of her pants. I unfastened her belt, unbuttoned her uniform pants and slid the zipper down. I slipped my hand down the front of her pants, across her flat stomach and down to the soaking wet crotch of her panties. I rubbed the front briefly, feeling the bump of her engorged clit pushing outward before venturing inside. My hand passed through the curls of her pubic hair and down over her erect clit to her puffy, swollen lips that were slippery with her moisture. I slipped a finger into her but the confines of her pants made any action difficult, so I slipped it out again and put it to work stimulating her clit. She stopped kissing me and pushed her face into my neck while moaning with pleasure. My free hand had a grasp on her ass while I slid the middle finger of my other hand slowly up and down over her clit. I didn’t expect her first orgasm to take very long and when she started pushing her hips against my hand, I knew she was close. I continued my slow, steady ministrations while assisting her hip motions with the hand that was on her ass. Her breathing got faster and faster until she sucked in a breath and held it while her body convulsed against me. She let out her breath with a long moan.

She lifted her head from my shoulder and looked into my eyes while whispering “Thank You!” We began making out again while I removed my hand from the depths of her panties and placed both hands on her hips. Meanwhile, she moved one of her arms from my neck and reached between us to grasp my raging hard-on through my shorts.

“What should we do with this?” she mumbled against my lips.

“I’ve got an idea” I said as I broke our kiss and turned her away from me. From behind her, I grasped her pants and panties at their waistbands and tugged them down to her knees. I leaned her forward until she was bent over the desk, her head resting on her arms. I opened my shorts and let them drop and pushed my briefs down until my cock sprung out. I rubbed my member up and down the crack of Shannon’s ass before plunging into her still sopping pussy. She let out a groan as I sunk all the way in, grasping her by the hips. I had no trouble sliding all the way in thanks to all of her juices, but her pussy gripped me very tightly which made the pleasure even more intense. I fucked her slowly, holding her hips for a few minutes before running my hands up under her uniform shirt where I encountered a sports bra. I ran my hands over the bra feeling her nipples straining against the material. I had a feeling the bra was really constraining some substantial breasts, so I lifted it and pushed it up. I cupped her breasts, which were now hanging freely, and judged them to be about 36B or C. Her nipples were hard little nuggets that I rolled between my fingers and gently tugged while still slowly fucking her from behind. I noticed that she was still resting her head on her arms which meant she wasn’t using her hands on herself, so I slipped one of my hands down between Shannon’s legs. Her clit was still engorged and straining outward, so I began rubbing it lightly in circles as my cock slid in and out of her pussy just beneath it. 

The tightness of her pussy combined with the incredible lubrication she was producing made for an absolutely incredible feeling on my prick that seemed to spread over my entire body. I could have stood there fucking her slowly for a week, but when Shannon began pushing back to meet my thrusts, I figured she was getting close to her second orgasm. I thought I’d try to cum with her, so I increased my pace while keeping up the long strokes. Shannon responded to my new pace with more noises that increased in intensity as she pushed back harder against me. Suddenly she jammed herself backward forcefully and let out one long “ooohhh.” Orgasm number two had arrived with a vengeance.

I kept fucking her through it, intent on finishing myself, but Shannon stopped me. She turned around and pushed me down onto the chair before dropping to her knees before me. My throbbing cock was slimy with her juices, which she went to work cleaning off. She grasped it by the base and licked all around and up and down it, making sure she didn’t miss one taste of her own flavor. She then plunged it all the way into her mouth, gripping it as tightly between her lips as her pussy had been gripping it previously. As her head bobbed up and down, one of her hands pumped on the base of my cock while the other briefly caressed my balls. The hand on my balls soon disappeared into Shannon’s lap, but I didn’t care because I was on my way to new heights of ecstasy even without it. I was tempted to close my eyes and throw my head back, but I was enjoying the sight of my cock sliding in and out of Shannon’s mouth. It felt as if all of the blood in my body had gone down to my groin as the pleasure just kept building and building. Finally, with a loud groan, I came hard down Shannon’s throat, shooting load after load until I thought my balls would turn inside out. As I relaxed back on the chair and Shannon milked all she could out of me, she whimpered softly around my limp prick as her fingers brought her to another orgasm. She let my prick fall from her mouth and replaced it with her slippery fingers, again cleaning up her own juices, then rested her head on my thigh.

Once I’d caught my breath and the blood had returned to my brain, I asked Shannon if we should be concerned about someone showing up.

“No. When someone drives in, you can hear them from pretty far away then you can see them coming up through that window.” She hooked her thumb over her shoulder without picking up her head. “We don’t get too much traffic up here anyway and the other rangers always call before they come up…in case whoever is working needs some lunch or a magazine or something. I’m not expecting to see anyone else for…” she picked up her head and looked over at the clock on the wall “another hour and a half or so. My shift ends at 4 and that would be my relief.” She looked up at me and smiled. “So were safe.”

I smiled back at her. “So why are we still wearing so much then?” I still had my t-shirt on and my shorts and briefs rested on top of my still-tied hiking boots. Shannon still had her uniform shirt buttoned all the way up (although her bra beneath it was out of place) and, though her pants and panties had found their way down to her ankles, she still had her own shoes on and tied. Her smile brightened and her eyes lit up behind her glasses when I said this. Although my assumptions had failed me earlier, I wondered whether she had expected me to split now that I’d blown my load. I had no intentions of leaving until I had to, though.

I whipped my t-shirt over my head and leaned down to untie my boots as Shannon went to work on her shoes. My shoes, shorts and briefs were all off quickly and Shannon’s shoes, pants and panties followed. Still sitting in the chair, I leaned in to lock lips with Shannon, who was kneeling before me, as I began to unbutton her shirt. I pushed it off her shoulders and she helped it down her arms. Her sports bra was bunched up above her lovely breasts so I grabbed it by the sides and she raised her arms to allow me to remove it. This was my first view of her breasts and they were magnificent. They stood out proudly from her chest and were topped with large pink aureola and long, hard nipples. I leaned in to kiss her again and took both breasts in my hands, running my thumbs over the nipples. I then leaned down and flicked each of the nipples with my tongue before sucking on each one for a few seconds. Shannon was pushing her chest toward my face while holding the back of my head. My hands traveled down from her breasts to her waist, around to her ass then I moved one to her pussy. I hadn’t gotten a real view of that yet, either, but I could feel that her juices hadn’t stopped flowing as I slipped a finger into her. Shannon moaned softly as I fingered her and the heel of my hand brushed against her clit while I was still sucking on her nipples. I lifted my head and looked at Shannon, whose eyes were closed and tongue was licking her lips. She’d taken her hair out of the ponytail, allowing it to cascade over her naked shoulders, and she looked stunning. I moved both hands back to her hips and helped her stand as I did the same. I put my arms around her as she did me and we made out again, our now naked bodies pressed together. I could feel my cock coming back to life as it was tickled by her curly pubes. I backed her up against the desk and had her sit on the edge. I went from kissing her lips and sucking her tongue to kissing her neck and licking her ears. She briefly stroked my growing cock before it was out of her reach as I licked and sucked her nipples on my way down, kissing and licking her stomach and abdomen but stopping just as I reached her pubic triangle. She knew what was coming and had reclined on the desk and spread her legs apart. I pulled the chair up and got comfortable.

Her pussy was covered, but not concealed, by downy, light brown hair. I kissed her inner thighs on both sides before going to work on it. The first thing I did was run my tongue from bottom to top, immediately discovering why she enjoyed her own taste so much. I stopped at her clit and focused the attentions of my tongue upon it while spreading her lips away from it with two fingers. Two other fingers found their way into her pussy, where they pumped in and out as I lapped at her clit. I glanced upward to see Shannon playing with her nipples as I ate her out. Under the desk, my cock continue to grow. I continued pumping two fingers slowly in and out, but switched from lapping at her clit to sucking on it. The response was immediate. Shannon let out a moan, one of her hands went to the back of my head and she began to rotate her hips. She propped herself up on one elbow and looked me in the eye while I continued to suck on her clit. The lust in her eyes made my dick throb. She started talking dirty to me between moans, egging me on. I followed the rhythm of her hips with my pumping fingers and alternated licking and sucking her clit. She broke eye contact and threw her head back, her hair swinging wildly. Finally, her cunt tightened on my fingers as she groaned loudly and released another flood of juices, which I eagerly drank up.

She collapsed on her back to recover while I stood before her. I teased her opening with my throbbing prick before slipping easily in. She let out another moan, but barely moved. I picked her legs up under the knees and hooked them over my arms while my hands rested near her hips. I was quickly returning to the heights of ecstasy due again to the combination of her natural lubrication and the squeeze of her pussy. I was fucking her slowly, pulling almost all of the way out then plunging back in as deeply as I could. I slid one of my hands over so that I could stimulate her clit with my thumb. She was gradually recovering from her latest climax, first by making eye contact with me as I smiled down at her, then by propping herself up on both elbows. At first I wasn’t sure why she’d propped herself up, but then she pulled herself up completely and wrapped her arms around my neck. She wrapped her legs around my back, so I slipped my hands under her ass and lifted her off the desk. Carefully I made sure the chair was still behind me and sat down. Shannon grabbed the back of the chair and began riding me furiously. I let my hands go back to her hips and concentrated on sucking her nipples as they bounced before me.

Shannon was well on her way to another orgasm and I was not far behind. She rode up and down on my cock, spreading the pleasure from her pussy over my entire body. This pleasure soon began to concentrate in my lap as I felt my orgasm building from the very depths of my being. About the same time I noticed this, I noticed Shannon was gradually increasing her pace and letting out little grunts each time she slammed herself down. Finally, the grunts suddenly ceased and I felt her pussy convulse around me. This was more than I could take, having been hanging just on the edge at that point. My own orgasm rocked me and I shot my load deep into Shannon’s wonderful pussy. We both were barely moving, just riding the waves of our mutual pleasure. Finally, her head dropped to my shoulder and we just sat there.

I don’t know how much time we passed sitting there, my shriveled cock barely held inside her by her tight pussy, but a squawk from the radio roused us. Shannon reached for it from where she sat and shushed me with her finger before responding to the call. She spoke briefly, glancing at the clock on the wall and registering mild surprise. The ranger who would be relieving her was on his way up to the station and was checking in before leaving. He’d be there in about half an hour. Once she’d signed off, Shannon looked at me resignedly as if to say “Looks like the party’s over.” I knew half an hour wouldn’t be enough time to recover, have another go and be presentable when he showed up, but I wasn’t pleased with the idea of this being the end.

“Got any plans for the weekend?” I asked as Shannon hugged me tightly. She pulled back suddenly and looked in my face incredulously. Before she had a chance to answer, I continued, “I’ve got this great campsite and I’d love it if you would share my tent with me.” I smiled and she started kissing me all over my face. “I’ll take that as a yes?” I responded.

Turns out Shannon is more prepared than a boy scout. She has a bunch of gear in her Jeep, including changes of clothes and camping supplies just in case she gets the urge to camp out after her shift. We agreed that I’d head up to the campsite and set it up and she’d meet me after her shift ended, warning the other ranger that she would be camping with “a friend” and not to be surprised to see her Jeep. We started to get dressed and I couldn’t help but watch Shannon until she was completely clothed again. She looked so great naked, but she also looked great after she slipped into her panties and when she was wearing just panties and bra and when she wore her uniform shirt without pants, etc. I was feeling a rise again, so I figured I’d better get my own clothes on and get going.

Shannon met me at the campsite a while later and we were both ready to go again. We spent most of the first night in the tent, but the next day we had sex in some of the most beautiful and scenic spots in the park. Shannon has to be the most helpful park ranger I have ever met.