 As she pushed me back onto the bed, Debbie sank to her knees between my legs. I felt her hands undoing my belt and tugging my pants down. I cooperated as best I knew how, hoping that the look of sexual hunger I had just seen in her eyes was leading where I thought it was.

In our entire married life, I think Debbie had given me six or seven full-fledged blowjobs. It wasn't that she hated sucking my cock. She just didn't seem all that enthusiastic about it, except when she was really aroused. When I somehow managed to get her really hot, I could count on a deep throating second to none. Even then, however, she had only let me cum in her mouth twice – and once was by accident. 

As she pulled my khakis off, my erection was obvious. My cock was straining at the fabric of my boxer briefs, and there was a large, dark precum stain where the tip of my dick was oozing already. "Mmmmmmmmm," she moaned quietly. "I was hoping I might find something to eat."

I groaned unintelligibly, almost totally overwhelmed with the prospect of having my throbbing cock sucked by this incredibly sexy woman. Debbie ran both her hands gently up the inside of my thighs, giving me the shivers. Then one hand gave my cock a long, slow squeeze. I moaned again as she grasped my aching tool. "That feels sooooooo good," I managed to whisper.

Debbie used both hands, gently pulling the fly open and reaching in with her fingers to extract my cock from my underwear. When she had the entire length of my shaft exposed, her right hand closed around it and slowly pumped up and down. "What am I doing?" she whispered softly. "Talk dirty to me."

I winced, just a little uncomfortable at the idea of talking nasty to Debbie. That was a new request. Oh, I knew just what to say, but I was worried that I might come on too strong for her and ruin the moment. I gulped and thought, nothing ventured, nothing gained. "You're stroking my cock," I said quietly, awaiting her reaction.

Silence. But she continued her excruciatingly slow movements, working her fist up the shaft, letting her fingers dance around the crown, then re-gripping and slowly working her way down to the base. I could hear her breathing now, and I almost believed I could feel my own pulse in her grip as the blood engorged my cock, making it throb more than I even thought possible.

Finally, she broke the stillness. "Tell me what you want," she said, as she continued to work my meat in her delicate hand. I looked down at her. Debbie's sparkling eyes were staring at my cock. She watched intently as she moved her hand up and down, over and over. It was as if she were in a trance. I figured now was my chance.

"I want you to use your mouth," I said. Suddenly her hand stopped. "No, talk dirty to me," she said quietly. "Tell me what you want, but be nasssssssty about it." It was as if she was reading my mind.

"I want you to suck my cock. I want to feel it when you swallow my cock all the way down." "Yesssssssssssssss," she hissed. Almost immediately, she moved up so her face was right in front of my aching pole. Using her fist at the base, she began kissing my cock head gently with her lips pursed. Then another first. She stuck out her tongue and began tapping my cock against it. I groaned again as I felt her rub the head of my dick over her outstretched tongue, the warm wetness spreading all over the head and top part of the shaft.

She stopped and whispered loudly, "keep talking dirty to me. What am I doing now?" She wanted me to narrate. "You're slapping my big dick against your tongue," I said. "And you're getting ready to suck it into your hot mouth," I added, hoping that wasn't too predictable.

"Mmmmpppphhhhhhhh…" was all I heard as my incredibly sexy wife opened her mouth wide and engulfed the first three inches of my straining cock. I shuddered, and sat halfway up, a low moan escaping my lips as I watched her. Debbie's dark eyes flashed up at me for a moment, then rolled back, fluttered and then closed, and I knew what was coming next. 

She worked her mouth up and down, right hand still encircling the base of my hard meat. Drool was running out both corners of her mouth and flowing down onto my swollen balls as she slurped and sucked. She backed off just long enough to bathe the head of my dick briefly with her tongue, using a swirling motion. "Tell me what you want, lover," she said in a voice huskier than usual. Then she opened wide again, slid her tongue out and eased her open mouth down over the crown. 

I started to respond, and my voice cracked. "Ssss…" was all I managed to get out as I watched her lips working lower and lower down my thick shaft until she released her hand and sank all the way to the base. My words turned into a long "unnnnhhhhhhhhhhh" as she twisted her head from side to side, her throat muscles rippling against my throbbing pole. 

Debbie slowly brought her head up again, releasing my cock from her mouth. She made no effort to conceal the stringy stands of throat goo that connected her lips to my cock. Instead, she grasped my sticky, wet shaft in her hand and began to pump her fist up and down. The noise her fingers made as they spread the slippery saliva up and down was incredibly hot. Eyes fixed on my cock, she whispered slowly, "Tell me… tell me what you want me to do."

I couldn't help myself. Any hope of resisting had disappeared when she deep throated me. I didn't care now if my words were too nasty or scary. I knew what I wanted, and she was asking me to reveal my desires. "Suck my cock, baby. I want you to suck my cock dry. Swallow it down deep like that again, over and over and make me cum. I want to cum in your mouth. I want you to swallow my load."

Debbie didn't say a word. She simply opened her mouth again and slowly sucked about half my cock into her mouth. She inhaled deeply and then exhaled, as if she had second thoughts. I was terrified that I had gone too far when she pulled back, my dick slipping from between her lips. 

"Push my head down," she moaned, her eyes never leaving my cock. I almost came when she said this. Without another word, she inserted my slimy dick back into her mouth. I reached down with both hands and ran my fingers through her silky hair as she sucked, bobbing up and down on the tip of my engorged tool. 

"Hrdr… psh mmma hdd dunn," she groaned, her words muffled by the cock in her mouth. My mouth dropped open as my hands gripped her hair in two tight fists. I tugged, and she responded, letting my cock slide into her throat. She held her head motionless somehow, and I began to guide her. 

I used her hair like reins, pulling steadily, and shivering again when her mouth and throat were full of hard cock meat. I yanked her back up, and she followed my lead. I could hear her struggling to breathe through her nose, and was shocked that she didn't back away. Over and over again, I pulled her all the way down, sinking my dick as deep into her throat as I could.

My balls began to churn, and I knew I couldn't last much longer. In a moment of weakness, I pulled Debbie's mouth all the way off my cock. The head and shaft were shiny with her spittle. My balls were soaked. She gasped and cleared her throat, thick strands of frothy spit hanging from her chin. "I want to cum in your mouth," I said, almost matter-of-factly. "Cummmmmmmmmm," she moaned quietly in response. She was still staring at my cock.

Using both hands, I pulled her face toward my massive hard-on. Her mouth opened and I pulled her down slowly, steadily, until I could feel the head of my cock slide into her incredibly tight throat again. Lower and lower, her red lips stretched tightly around my shaft until I could feel them pressing at the very base again. I bucked my hips, trying to drive my cock even deeper. Debbie moaned, and the vibrations she sent through my cock and balls triggered a huge orgasm.

I felt my balls contracting, sending a huge spurt of semen up the shaft, spewing into her throat. Again and again, my balls spasmed, flooding Debbie's throat with a record amount of spunk. I felt her neck muscles squeezing my prick as she swallowed somehow. After spurting eight or ten ropes, I released her hair, and she almost fell backward. Her mouth came off my cock with an audible "pop" noise. But as soon as my dick was free, she leaned in close again and began licking the oozing cum, lapping at my cock and balls like a milk-starved kitten.

I was sweating profusely. My heart was pounding. I was breathing heavily. All I could manage to say was, "Ohhhh my god that was good." Debbie continued running her tongue over me, cleaning up every sign of my release. She finally leaned back, licking her lips. Our eyes locked, and she winked at me.

"That was really hot, lover," she said. "Thanks for the special presents tonight. I've had a wonderful birthday." She stood up and walked to the bathroom. As I lay panting and exhausted on the bed, I watched my hottie wife's ass swaying as she moved across the carpeted room. I could hardly believe what had just happened. 

And I had no idea that this was only the beginning.

Author's note: Like most Literotica authors, I appreciate your feedback. Only a fraction of the people who viewed my first attempt even voted, and fewer still made any comment. If you like it, please say so!