 All incidents portrayed in this work are fictitious. All characters are over the age of 18.

Thanks kind stranger for the inspiration.

*****

He wanted to be anywhere but here. Declan couldn't believe he had to take a job as a mall security cop, but the freelance photo world was slow at the moment and he was still paying off student loans.

For him, the worst part of the job was being stuck in the observation room off to the side of the food court. The old owners had converted a walk in closet to a small room with a one way mirror overlooking the nexus of the mall. The idea was it would give us a good vantage point over the crowds at busy times, but mostly it was just an up close view of saw people fixing their hair or picking things from their teeth. It got old quickly. 

Today, however, he was lucky enough to be on plain clothes duty. There had been an uptick in thefts around the mall so the owners promised the tenants an increase of security. Of course, the mall didn't want to hire anyone else, so the observation room just sat empty. Declan didn't mind this, as he much preferred wandering the halls with his head on a swivel than being cramped in a dark room.

It was a hot one today, and the mall was fairly busy for a weekday. Grandparents and students obviously skipping class were the majority of the shoppers, but out the corner of his eye he spotted someone who definitely stood out.

He knew that body immediately - Marci. She was his younger sister's friend throughout high school and did she ever know how to get a man's attention. She was a 5'6", knockout redhead with a body that was born for sin; pert breasts and a toned ass and an attitude that oozed sexuality. He lost track of her when his sister went off to college, but it seemed like Marci stuck around town. Wearing a spaghetti strap teal top and denim cutoffs, she was impossible not to notice in this mall full of seniors. 

She made her way across the hall in front of him and into the mall's boutique lingerie store. Declan figured this was as good of time as any to take a break, so he took a seat at the "reluctantly agreed to go shopping with my wife" seats in the centre of the hallway.

He popped open his phone and check if there were any notifications from the other guards, but all seemed quiet today. Occasionally he'd peek up to see what Marci was looking at, imagining what she must look like in the lingerie she was eyeballing. After pursuing most of the store, she circled back to a black lace bra with emerald under the stitching of the cups and causally picked up before disappearing into the change room with it.

He barely had time to imagine what she might look like in it when he saw her coming out of the dressing room and immediately leaving the store. And before he could even wonder what had happened, he noticed something that made his heart sink - a black strap under her teal top. If there was anything he was sure of, it was that she was not wearing that when she entered the store, and she did not go to the register before she left.

Begrudgingly he got up and jogged to catch up with her.

"Excuse me," he announced as tapped her on the shoulder.

She spun around and recognized him immediately.

"Declan!?" She threw her arms around him.

"Hey Marci," was all he could muster while feeling her body pressed so tightly to his.

"Wow! It's been ages! How have you been? Are you still doing wedding photos and stuff?"

"Kind of. Actually that's what I want to talk to you about."

"You want to talk to me about wedding photos?" She laughed.

"No, not quite. I'm doing some security work on the side. Here in this mall in fact. And I happened to notice your bra..."

She was a bit taken aback. "You noticed my bra?"

"Yes, well you weren't wearing one when you went into the boutique, and now you are."

"Do you notice all the mall patrons bras?" She slyly enquired.

"Well no, but I happened to notice you and..."

"You noticed I wasn't wearing a bra."

"Exactly."

"Declan," she said starting to realize his insinuation, "I paid for this bra."

Declan knew she was starting to get upset. He really didn't need a scene in the middle of the food court. "Look, lets talk in here," Declan said and pulled Marci into the empty observation room. She didn't protest, but she certainly wasn't happy. Declan continued, "I know you didn't go to the register and walked—"

"I paid for this bra," she repeated.

"Well then show me the receipt."

"I don't have it. I bought it, Declan. You know me, so just trust me."

"Wish I could Marci, but you're going to have to show me—"

"Show you?! Fine!" Marci snapped as she pulled off her top revealing the emerald bra. "Look - no security tags," she said as she spun around giving him a eyeful.

"Yeah, ummm..." Declan stammered. He was taken aback and how good she looked in that bra, and felt his cock start to stiffen.

She stopped and gave a heavy sigh. A smile slowly began to cross her face and she looked Declan up and down. She slowly stepped towards him.

"Look, I bought the bra. You can either let me go now, or"— she reached down and felt his cock in his trousers —"you can let me convince you to let me go." She pressed herself up against him and whispered in his ear.

"Either way I'm leaving here with this bra."

Declan was frozen. 

"Well I guess I'll have to convince you," Marci cooed.

She dropped to her knees and reached for his belt. He remained frozen, overwhelmed by all that was happening. With precision, she until his belt, unzipped his trousers and shifting pulled everything down, letting his exceedingly erect cock spring up.

"Even bigger than I remember," she said.

"Remember!?" Declan stammered, finally regaining the ability to speak.

"Of course! Every time I'd sleep over at your house I'd sneak into your room and pull back the sheets just to see it. Don't feel special - I peeked at all the brothers and fathers. God, I was such a little slut." And with that she engulfed his cock right down to it's base.

Were it not for the shock of the situation, Declan might have cum right then. Instead, he managed to hold his shit together while Marci began tracing her tongue up his shaft from the base of his cock, swirling around it's head before being taken entirely back down her throat. 

Her soft hands began to cup his balls and his body gave in, slowly beginning to rock back and forth pushing his dick faster and faster into her eager mouth. His hands found their way to the back of her head and pulled her red hair back as he began to fuck her face. Everything else drifted from his mind, his single thought was now on how much he needed to fuck this woman. "You have no idea how many times I though about this," he said.

She popped his cock from her mouth and a sly smile crossed her face. "I always knew you wanted to fuck me."

No longer holding back, Declan grabbed her arm and pulled her up and stared her right in the eye - their faces inches from each other. "Turn around. Hands against the wall," he commanded his younger sister's friend. For all the times he sat upstairs jerking off in his room while they had pillow fights in the basement, it was now time to show her what he was made of.

Marci bit her lip, and spun around pressing her palms against the cold stone of the small room. She glanced to her right, at the window and the mall patrons passing on the other side of the one way glass, oblivious to what was going on inside the small room. The thought make her pussy quiver and her whole body shook. 

Declan reached around and took her tits into his hands, kneading them through the expensive fabric before running his hands down her sides and swiftly pulling off her jean shorts and the bring pink thong he found underneath. As he stood back up he ran his hands back up the outsides of her legs, up to her firm ass. His right hand slipped down between her legs to find her damp lips waiting for him.

In any other situation he would have proceed to devour her soaked hairless pussy, and tease her clit with his tongue until she begged for his cock, but there was no time for such pleasures today. He needed to be inside her. He lined up his cock, grabbed her hips and with a single motion pulled himself deep into her warm slit.

"Oh fuck," she moaned.

Declan began to pound into Marci with his entire body. She felt every inch of his dick as it slide in and out of her, her breasts jiggling within the confines of the black and emerald bra. She glanced out the one way mirror on her right to the mall and saw an elderly woman staring at her own reflection. "Declan," she smirked, "look."

Without losing pace he glanced over and saw the clueless old woman. There was no way she could see the fuck fest happening just on the other side of the mirror, but she had a huge grin on her face none-the-less. "Let's give her a show," said Marci and she pulled herself off Declan's cock.

She spun around, got on her knees in front of him and grabbed his dick with both hands and began to work his shaft. She could feel how close he was. 

"Cum on my face," she demanded. "Now."

Declan felt his whole body convulse as he started erupting all over Marci's beautiful face. She giggled as ropes of cum shot all over her. He exhaled as the wave began to subside. 

Marci looked over at the old lady, still staring vacantly at the mirror. She stood and walked over to the glass, looked the old lady almost directly in the eye and scooped a rope of cum of her chin, licking it from her finger right in front of her unwitting audience. 

As his senses began to return, Declan looked over at Marci in time to see the old woman walk away, still oblivious to what was happening in the observation room. He watched Marci reach over to her purse and retrieve her phone, taking a selfie of her cum drenched face.

"My members are going to love this," she said as she began to pull her shorts back on. "I'm a cam girl," she answered his unspoken question "I have my own private site and everything. I make a killing and it's tons of fun. Also a great excuse to get new lingerie And speaking of"— she scooped a spot of cum from the emerald bra — "Definitely can't take this back now."

Delcan's faculties began to return. "Marci, that was amazing, but that doesn't change the fact that you can't just steal stuff." 

"I didn't. I told you, I make a killing. Why would I steal it?"

"But you—"

"Bought it online and picked it up in store?" She lifted her phone and showed him the emailed receipt. "You need to learn to trust me, Declan. Especially if we're going to work together."

"Work together? What the hell are you talking about?" 

"You're a photographer. I have a site that needs photos. It'll pay way better than being a mall cop. Seems like a good fit." She reached down and gently grabbed his deflated cock and leaned into to whisper in his ear, "A real good fit."

She walked around him to the door of the room. "Look me up. I'm sure you'll be able to figure out my cam name."

With that she left Declan alone, half naked in the small observation room, his cock returning to life as his mind began to whirl with the prospect of what Marci was proposing. 

As he turned and looked back out the window at the clueless patrons of the food court, he heard a faint buzz from his pocket. Pulling out his phone he saw a message from one of the other guards.

"Declan, where the hell are you!? We've got reports of a theft at the phone kiosk!" it read.

Declan took a moment and smiled as he composed his reply.

"Not my problem. I quit."