 My name's Amy. I'm in my mid-late twenties now and this story is about an experience I had back when I was 19 and in my second year at Uni.

Having lost my virginity fairly early, I arrived at Uni with a fair bit of sexual experience under my belt compared with many friends from my hometown. I'd moved away to the other side of the country and lived in halls of residence during the first year. Having made good friendships with most of the other 7 guys/girls in my halls, I stayed on for the second year along with some others. At the start of the first year. I'd met a girl called Emily at the 'Freshers' event for new starters. We immediately hit it off and became best friends over the course of the year. 

Emily had blonde, medium-length curly hair, in stark contrast to my long, straight dark-brown hair. She was a similar size to me at only 5ft 6inches, and had a similar build with a slightly darker complexion (my Irish ancestry means I'm pretty pale!). She was very pretty and had perfect skin - I wish mine was as smooth as hers, but she sets a high-bar. I secretly had a girl-crush on Emily. It was no wonder, she was simply beautiful, with bouncy 32C breasts, perky little nipples for tits that size, a firm ass and the smoothest legs I'd ever seen.

In the six months prior to our meeting, my relationship with Lucy (my best friend from home) had become sexual, although nobody outside of us two had any idea what was going on. Although me and Lucy both considered ourselves straight, we'd discovered new levels of pleasure together and our relationship was more of a 'best-friends-with-benefits' arrangement rather than anything serious. I totally got-off on the secrecy and sneaking around! Regardless, I'd begun to question my sexuality and having this perfect, cute and bubbly new friend around didn't help with my confusion. Occasionally, around Emily I'd catch myself stealing glances at her body, but I was too unsure and scared to do anything about it. Anyway, she was one of my 7 housemates. As well as a house, we also shared much the same taste in music, TV, films, clothes (which we swapped often) and guys. 

Halls were a pretty wild place in the first year. With none of our final degree mark resting on it, people used to be out late most nights and would often turn up to lectures drunk, or not at all. People had pretty loose requirements when it came to sex too and rarely a night went by where at least one of my housemates didn't bring a stranger back on a one-night-stand. I'd been fucking Ed (one of my housemates) on a casual basis pretty regularly, he was seriously hot and wasn't often without company. He was also no slouch in bed and was hard to turn down when I'd been drinking or feeling a little lonely.

Sometimes Ed would wait up for me to get home after a night out to see if I was in the mood, or he'd 'accidentally-on-purpose' bump into me on the landing at 3am not wearing much. He knew a surefire way to get me horny was to twist any conversation round to sex. He thought I didn't know his plan, but it was pretty obvious what he was up to. However, I was fairly pragmatic about it - we were used to using each other and, when I'm drunk and horny I couldn't care less about his plan - I had needs.

Emily was more reserved than me. She'd slept with a couple of guys early-on (including another housemate, Rob) but had got a long-term boyfriend halfway through the first year called Will. 

They were good for each other and great fun to be around. Will was a semi-permanent fixture at our place and stayed over most nights. He was around 6ft tall and had a good body (I saw it around the house quite a bit). We got on really well and I often thought that me and Will would've made a good couple if Emily hadn't made the first move.

I'd been planning to make a move for Will myself, but left it too long. It never crossed my mind that Em might've liked him, let alone that she'd be bold enough to make the first move. I can be quite blinkered like that, you may even call me slightly selfish, but it's a character trait I'm aware of and try to control.

Anyway, despite quietly lusting after Will for a month or two, I got used to them being together and enjoyed their company. However, Will sometimes made it hard as he was a very flirty guy and occasionally I'd find myself thinking about him, particularly if I'd been drinking. In fact, there'd been a few occasions during their year-long relationship when I thought Will was being inappropriately flirty with me, especially when Emily wasn't around.

Once, he'd let his eyes linger way too long when we met on the landing one night. To put it into context, I was staggering drunkenly from Ed's room back to my own wearing only a long T-shirt on my body and a 'just fucked' look on my face. In hindsight though, Will was basically just a standard pervy guy, so this was understandable - I didn't think any less of him for having a gawp. Anyone else would have too.

Another time, he'd come to our place to spend the night with Emily. He'd been out with his own mates and let himself in with the hidden 'emergency key'. It was about 2AM when he walked into the lounge to find me on my knees, sucking off some guy I'd bought back. Although I was still dressed, I was oblivious to Will as I continued to suck for all I was worth. The really embarrassing part was that I was furiously and brazenly fingering myself under my short skirt, which would've been obvious to see from Will's position. As soon as I noticed him I wanted the ground to swallow me whole - I must have looked like such a slut!

Will made out he'd only just that second walked in. At the time he feigned apology and covered up his eyes, but let it slip several days later that he'd seen more than just that second or two, though wouldn't say how long. He teased me about it and I took it all in good spirit, but he could've been watching for ages for all I knew. The weird thing was that I was kind-of turned on by the fact he saw me this exposed, and in the end I'd look forward to the times he'd tease me about it in private.

We never told Emily about that night as I knew it'd make her uncomfortable. However, it felt like we were keeping secrets together from her, like we had something to hide. I did have a knowing chuckle to myself a few days later when she confided in me that Will had woken her up that very night and fucked her harder than ever before - apparently he'd been insatiable for weeks after. Again, I secretly got-off on this information, and I didn't blame Will for looking, I'd probably do the same in that situation! Will obviously liked what he saw, but apart from my reputation and modesty there was no harm done - it's not like we'd done anything.

The time when I knew for sure that Will fancied me too was on a night out for a friend's birthday. About 15 of us had gone out to celebrate and were all pretty hammered. Will seemed to take every opportunity to touch me that he could. A pat of my leg at the table, a hug, a peck on the cheek etc etc. At one point, Emily was dancing with one of the other guys in our group, so Will danced with me. The song became a slower number and he put his arms around me - I'd like to point out that Emily also had her arms around her partner, but far more innocently than me and Will.

As we swayed, Will's hands traced round my back to my sides and slid slowly down to my hips. I could feel the electricity and couldn't bring myself to stop him. His hands slowly slipped round to the small of my back, and I held my breath as they immediately moved down, lighting hovering over my ass. By not immediately stopping him, it was already too late, Will knew I didn't want him to stop.

I stayed, frozen in his grip, swaying gently to the music. My eyes were fixed on Emily the whole time. I was watching her, initially half-heartedly hoping she'd see us, get jealous and make an excuse to come over which would get me out of this situation. However, I soon realised I didn't want an easy way out, I was enjoying this far too much. I'd wanted Will from day one, and here I was with his hands on my ass.

We both took a sharp intake of breath as he slowly squeezed my ass once, then having met no resistance, twice. All the while my gaze was locked onto Emily who was drunk, dancing and oblivious. As the song ended, I shook myself out of my daydream, wriggled free from Will and left the dancefloor. I'd let the cat out of the bag. By not stopping him at all, Will now knew that I returned the lust he clearly felt towards me. I knew things were going to get complicated with the three of us from that moment on.

That brings me to the start of my second year when we all went out to celebrate Emily's 19th birthday. We hadn't seen much of each other since that night and had spent the summer back in our hometowns. We had some catching-up to do! After several bars we ended up in the regular local club where Emily continued to drink all the shots put in front of her. She was pretty drunk which gets her horny (another trait we shared, along with millions of girls around the world). We were inseparable for most of the night and I was enjoying having my friend back after what seemed like forever.

Suddenly Will snuck up behind her on the dancefloor and encircled her in his arms from behind. He roughly squeezed her sizeable tits right in front of me and nibbled her neck passionately. 

She immediately turned away from me and pulled him in for a long, deep kiss. Without realising, I was watching them intently as they passionately snogged each other, and Will's hands slid all over her body. Suddenly, my heart skipped a beat as I realised that me and Will had made eye contact. He'd opened his eyes and was staring over her shoulder directly at me as he tongued her mouth and felt her up through that tight dress.

We stared at each other for ages while he kissed and caressed my best friend, but Will's look said that his mind was elsewhere. I snapped out of my transfixed state and went to the toilets to get my head together. I couldn't deny it any more - I wanted Will, and was sure he wanted me, but Emily was my best friend and therefore I'd have to continue to torture myself.

After grabbing a quick drinks on my own, I went to find the others. I was beginning to think Will and Emily had given into their desires and gone back home to fuck when I noticed them in a dark corner. Emily (normally fairly reserved in public) was obviously more drunk than I realised. Will had her pressed up against a wall with her legs slightly spread and was rhythmically rubbing his hand under the high hem or her dress. It didn't take a genius to realise from the wanton look of abandon on her face that Will's fingers were working some magic on her pussy.

Somehow, hardly anyone else has noticed but it was pretty clear what was going on. Emily's pretty face was slumped against his shoulder, eyes closed in pleasure - or inebriation. She looked slutty and beautiful all at the same time as her mouth hung slightly open, clearly lost in her own world. Knowing her as I do, this behaviour was more likely to be driven by drink than desire. She was clearly out of control while Will finger fucked her to orgasm right there in the club. She'd be mortified when (or if) she remembered in the morning.

Watching this brazen display of passion had got me pretty juiced up and I was gutted that it was so near the end of the night. I was in the mood to be pulled and had just clicked the dial down a notch on my level of requirements! I approached Will just as he was straightening Emily up and getting himself together.

"Busy?", I said, with sarcasm in my voice.

He grinned back a little flustered and tried to act normal, hoping I hadn't seen what they'd been up to. "We should get Emily home" he said, "She's pretty tired and could probably do with getting to bed".

"What you mean William..." I bantered with a knowing smirk on my face "...is that YOU could do with getting her to bed so you can give her a birthday present before she passes out"!

"Well yes, that too" he laughed. "But I'm not sure she'll be in any fit state after the amount she's drunk this evening" he said.

"So you thought you'd sneak in some action early, just in case?" I questioned sarcastically.

Will looked embarrassed and pretended to be confused. As he stumbled with his words, Emily's legs gave way beneath her. Her back slid down the wall and she landed quite hard on her ass, on the floor of the club. Me and Will exchanged a look and rolled our eyes at each other.

"Come on" I said loudly to Emily, "Let's get you home to bed, you can sleep it off".

We took an arm each over our shoulders and walked Emily out to the taxi rank. Dragged would've been a better description.

The taxi dropped all three of us off at mine & Emily's halls at around 1.30am. Will was staying over, as he often did. He put on a film and we flopped onto the sofa. Me on the left, Will in the middle and Emily - conscious at least - slumped on the right, with her legs draped across his lap. I got up and got us some vodkas. Emily insisted she wanted one so I obliged, but by the time I'd got back she was asleep in the position I'd left her.

I kept the vodkas coming as me and Will continued to watch the film - Emily was comatose and we were both quite drunk. It was dark, but I could see by the light of the TV that Will was caressing those smooth legs as they lay across his lap, slowly massaging her calves and moving upward to her thighs. Watching this was reigniting the fire I felt earlier and I could feel myself getting wet. After several minutes, he got to the hem of her dress. Given that she was unconscious, I figured he'd stop there, but he started to push it upwards.

My mind recalled one of the intimate details Emily had shared with me about Will. He liked to wake her up in the morning - or sometimes in the middle of the night - by fingering or going down on her while she was still asleep, and that she loved it. She told me she'd wake up to find she was already soaking wet and desperate for sex. On one occasion she said she'd subconsciously spread her legs in her sleep and woken up to find Will sliding his cock into her. Even being as open as I am, this sounded like it was right on the borderline to me and I'd have to have been with someone a long time before I thought that being molested in my sleep was ok, but each to their own!

Regardless, this was obviously acceptable to her and a pang of excitement ran through me as Emily's hem rode higher and higher. Will shifted in his seat and it was clear he had a raging hard-on he was trying to keep under control. I had no idea where this was going - had he forgotten I was right next to him, or that Emily was passed out and incapable of doing anything with him? I felt uncomfortable and I let out a small cough to remind Will of the situation since he was obviously lost in a moment of desire. I shifted round on the sofa to face them and tucked my legs under my bum. His hands froze and came back down her legs, and continued to stroke and squeeze her lower thighs as before.

Such was our drunken state that Emily's dress remained where he left it, lewdly crumpled up around her hips and stomach exposing the pretty, light green, lacy hipster knickers from the set she'd bought with me earlier that day. The low-lit room wasn't lowly-lit enough to hide much and the light from the TV made what was going on much clearer to me than Will obviously thought. I broke the silence.

"You're gonna be pretty frustrated tonight, mister" I said playfully.

"Yeah I know it sucks" he said.

"She looked lovely tonight" I said, nodding in Emily's direction. "At least, she did until you and her got frisky in the club, then she looked kinda slutty" I joked.

Will sensed the opportunity to laugh off what I'd seen earlier and chuckled "Sorry about that, she sometimes gets like that when she's had too much to drink, I don't know what came over her".

"Well I know what came over you!" I sniggered, matter-of-factly, nodding in her direction.

Will took a mocking intake of breath and pretended to be shocked by my comment. "Amy"" he said, again feigning shock "you really are a filthy individual aren't you?" he finished.

"Err sometimes yes" I joked "but so are you from what Emily tells me".

"What do you mean?" he said, looking a little concerned.

"Oh, nothing" I flirted, enjoying the sexual direction the conversation was heading in. "Just that me and Emily share EVERYTHING", we're close and there's not much we don't know about each other as far as guys are concerned".

"What have you been told?" Will rolled his eyes.

"I couldn't possibly betray a confidence" I responded, fully intending to betray a confidence.

Will leaned in closer "Come on, what's she been saying?" he whispered (I don't know why as Emily wouldn't have woken if he'd shouted through a megaphone). His stroking of Emily's thigh was like a barometer of his excitement, as his hand moved higher again.

"Oh, nothing important, just some of the things you like to do, you know, in bed".

"Err such as?" he sounded worried but looked excited.

"A few things in particular, actually" I teased. I leaned in really close to Will and put my mouth right up against his ear as if telling a forbidden secret as he listed intently.

"Emily told me..." I whispered "...that you love her to shave everything off" I broke for a second, letting him think I was finished with this relatively tame revelation. I continued, cranking it up a notch.

"She told me that you like to wake her up with 'special kisses'..." again I paused, letting it sink in that she'd been telling me some of Will's most personal preferences. Now I was so hot that I couldn't resist taking it to the next level and talking a little dirty.

"She also told me that you like to watch her play with herself while you get yourself off..." I whispered.

I froze again to sense Will's reaction. He had turned his head away from me and was looking down at Emily. I peered round the back of his head to see Emily's underwear crudely pulled halfway down her thighs and his hand working it's way into her beautifully shaven pussy.

I was watching the guy I'd lusted after for a year openly fingering my unconscious, hot best friend right in front of me - and far from being jealous or disgusted, I was turned on to the point of being dangerous.

"Finally..." I whispered, this time my lips brushed lightly against his ear as his other hand made contact with my right thigh "...my best friend... the girl you're fingering right in front of me... told me that you like to fuck her..." both our breathing was sharp now. "...cum inside her..." his hand opened and rested fully on my bare leg. "...and then afterwards you like to eat her fucked pussy..." Will's hand trailed up the back of my thigh and was now under my short skirt stroking my ass.

"...I told you we shared everything didn't I?" I teased, as the side of Will's head rubbed against mine, our cheeks firmly touching as our heads moved slowly backwards, both of us knowing what was coming next. 

Our cheeks never broke contact, then Will's lips found mine and we locked into a powerful, passionate kiss. His hand moved out from my ass, up and over the top of my thigh and down the inside. Instinctively I opened my legs giving Will whatever access he wanted. In no time at all, Will's hand was forcefully rubbing the crotch of my soaking knickers as we kissed. He was fumbling and struggling between my legs because of the angle, but just about managed to enter over the waistband, glide down through my thin brown bush to slide a finger between my soaking wet pussy lips.

Taboo is the biggest turn-on for me and I lost all regard for my best friend as I broke the kiss and stared down to see Emily exposed, with Will's fingers still sliding in and out of her as his other hand did the same to me. At that point I was so horny I'd have done anything to anyone. I rubbed Will's cock through his jeans as he stroked me faster and faster. He withdrew his other hand from Emily and used it to stroke up my leg before grabbing and squeezing my ass.
