 Dee.

Had grown up in the city, she was 18, tall sender, green eyes and reddish blond hair and had not really experience sex, 

She had read some real dirty magazines she found hidden in the house they once rented, 

And once when she was in the rest room at school a black girl came in the stall and demanded her to raise her top up, she did and this girl slowly sucked her nipple, she was scared and never told any one, she didn’t know this girl and never seen her again,

Now her mother and stepfather had separated and her mother’s new boy friend had a brother that lived in the county, her mother announced they were moving to the country, she hated it,

She loved being around people, the hustle of the city, what would she do in the country?

Her mother left her in the city while she took her younger brothers and sisters to the country, 

She needed someone to stay in the house until she could return and get the rest of there stuff, a few days later her mother‘s new boy friend and his brother returned to get her, in a pick up truck.

She told them she was riding in the back of the truck with the furniture, she didn’t like there looks nor did she want to ride between two men that she barely knew on a long trip.

She got a blanket and pillow and got in the back, she knew it was going to be a long ride.

.

They headed down interstate 75,she was getting the truckers to blow there horns at her, Hey she was a kid this was fun, she even seen a bunch of the Iron horse men go bye and waved at them she knew a few of them thru her step dad.

They were about 50 miles south of Lexington Kentucky, when it started to rain; well she thought so much for keeping away from those tobacco-chewing hillbillies. What? Could she do, it was raining hard and they pulled over for her to get in the cab, 

She was soaked with rain, and decided she would get sick if she didn’t get out of the rain, so she climb out of the truck and went and got in the cab,

Bob got out so she could be in the middle; he offered her his shirt to dry off with

She declined 

Just stop at a restroom and I’ll go inside and dry she said however the heat from the defroster helped some but she was chilling, and her teeth started shattering, so Bob said here sweetie take my shirt and wrap it around you. Before you take pneumonia .so she took his shirt and thanked him, it smelled like it had been worn for days, but it was nice of him to let her have his shirt.

She got warm and dosed off, when she awoke she was leaning on Bob, and they were on a dirt road, where are we she asked? We are almost there Bob said just a few more miles, She took Bob shirt off and thanked him again.

She couldn’t believe the time that had passed it was going on 7 at night;

She thought it would be good to see her mother and siblings. And got excited. But as they got close she could see the place was a dump. Older 2 story house, ran down this was not what she was used to,

They had rented a 4 story house in the city, this place looked like it had not been painted in years, a few of the windows had cracks in them there was rotten wood in the porch floor, and the roof leaked, and the smell was bad, she knew her mother would clean it and give it that woman touch, she couldn’t help but get nausea 

The nearest neighbor was 5 miles away and you had to walk 2 mile to get to your mailbox, she long for the city to be with her friends,

She slept late the next day, and knew she would have to get back in school, soon

Her 2 brothers and 4 sisters were glad she was there they had felt the same way she did, and wanted to go back, however mom said no we have to make the best of it,

She helped her mother clean and make new curtains, and even helped paint some, the place was looking better, and smelled a whole lot better after the chickens were made to stay off the porches, and the goat was put behind the shed.

Her and her mother went into town and purchased flowers, and some yard decorations and went out to eat just the two of them this was good, some private time with mom, 

She tried to convince her to move back she missed her friends and cousins, but mom stood firm in her staying, they went by the school to enroll all 7 of them what a school the 7th and 8th graders were in a long 1 story building away from the high and elementary school an old canning factory had been turned in to a school, she was to start school the next Monday,

This was Friday afternoon, she decided to go for a walk, she got to the main highway and 

And noticed a small stream over the bank across the road, she went down the bank and walked up the stream, found a larger hole of water and undressed and stepped into the cool mountain stream, she laid back and looked up at the sky,

There she noticed him standing watching her, at first she was startle by his appearance, tall and sender wearing a black tee with pictures of copperhead snakes on it, jeans, a bandana tied around his head with long hair tied back, and a black leather outback hat on over the bandana, biker boots, he just stood there, unaware she had noticed him,

She said! Hey! ‘ I see you there’. ‘Do you want to go for a swim? She asked him.

Sure. He said and came down the bank to the water.

She said my name is Dee what is yours? He told her he was di-o-ge it was an Indian name pronounce like your spelling D-O-G..

He looked to be in his mid 40’s he undressed and got in the water, she noticed the Tattoo’s all on his back and arms and a few on his hands. She thought this was cool.

Reminded her of her father and step dad friends that were in The Iron Horse men club, She also had met a few of the Ace of Spades. But she was just a kid and felt comfortable and protected like friends. Around bikers.

She was embarrassed to see a man naked. He said what is wrong? OH!

Nothing. Why? You just turned red is all

She blushed and giggled.

So were did you come from? He said .I haven’t seen you around here before.



We just moved here from the city, my mother started dating Bruce Henderson and we are staying at his brother Bob’s house. I know them well he said, Old Bob and me was in Statesville’ together, we used to really whip some but in there, why were you there? She asked for fighting in the bars, He said, we cut up a few Yankees one night that was bad mouthing us. Calling us rednecks, then they spit on us.

They had a rich uncle that was a lawyer, and we got 5 yrs each and they started it, Seems like an honest man has to be the one to pay for every thing these days, with the government being as crooked as they are now. 

I understand that, and she thought of her own father being killed in a brawl, similar to what he was telling.

She said! Nice afternoon isn’t it? Yes! Even nicer now that I’ve met you, Are you married she asked? Was. He said, she left after I was in jail a year or so, went and took up with one of my buddies friend, she now lives in Florida, dances in a night club, sometimes she will bring my daughter up for a visit and to see her kin folks.

The Sun was in his eyes and he moved to sit next to her, oh!  My back he said got a catch in it, Can you rub it just below the shoulder blade, sure! She said.

He sat in front of her and she slowly began to massage his tan skin, feels good he said. Nice hands, she blushed and he turned and gently kissed her on the cheek.

Thank you! Your very nice, and your just so beautiful he said. Might I kiss you? 

Her heart skipped a beat; she wanted it but didn’t know what to do.

She had only been kissed twice in her life and that was counting her mother giving her a good night kiss. OK she said.

He started kissing her gently then he separated her lips with his tongue moving his tongue into her virgin mouth, She moved her tongue around his and then felt his hand move up to her breast she jumped, no one had touched her breast before, it tingled and the cool water had made her nipples rock hard, 

He lowered and took one of her nipples into his mouth and started sucking it, massaging it with his tongue, she closed her eyes and felt his body next to hers.,

He moved to the other breast and gently kissed it. Then raised back up and kissed her again on the lips. She put her arms around his neck and embraced him.

“ Let’s get out of this water” he said,

I live just up the hill, come on up. They got out and dressed, then walked hand and hand up the hill.

She couldn’t believe his place a 2 story A frame with a breath taking view of the valley below. She was in paradise. He offered her a beer and told her about some of the fights he had been in.

What started them and how he ended the fights. 

He didn’t let anyone run over him.

He had some hunting trophy’s hanging around.

A buck he killed in 78,a few doves. And a lot of rattle and copperheads snakes he killed locally.

They went up stairs to the upper deck and he told her to undress and they could lie in the evening sun on the deck, he went to get some oil and she spread some beach towels out for them to lie on  

Ready! He said, Ready!! But was she? 

She lies down on her stomach and he sprayed some oil on her back.

Then slowly started massaging her shoulders, then moving down her body to her buttocks, then her legs and feet.

This was unreal she thought, a dream, not reality; she knew she would wake up soon, what?

Roll over he said, she did and he applied oil to her breast and massage them then he started running his tongue up and down her belly, it tingled.

She felt him take one of her nipples into his mouth. And start sucking on it like a baby will suck on its bottle when he is really hungry. Just before closing his eyes.

He was now lying beside her, and she felt his hand as he slowly ran it up her leg touching her inner thigh.

She was experiencing feeling she had never felt before.

The heat, the oil was more then she could bear.

She rolled over facing him and put her leg over him, letting her hot wet virgin cunt lie softly upon his thigh.

They kissed as he ran his fingers thru her soft hair, 

He looked deep into her eyes,

Reached down and gently parted her pussy lips, 

She felt the heat, the hardness of his finger, as he slowly and ever so gently touched her clitoris. 

She felt her clitoris, having a retraction, 

A sensation she had never experience before ‘She moaned loudly and softly as he eased one finger down her crack,,,

She then started sucking on his neck, and embraced him harder, pressing her self closer to him.

He then laid her on her back and raised her legs into the air, ran a hand down each oily thigh, around to her ass, she felt his finger glide across he ass hole and she felt her body stiffen up, 

She was starting to rise up on to her knees’, and he had laid back, she got the oil spray and sprayed his full torso, 

Then massaged his stomach, his thighs and chest,

His cock was rock hard

(She had seen some pictures of a black guy with a white girl having his cock in her mouth.).

And had a desire to have a cock in her mouth, a bottle to enjoy.

She placed her self over him and lowered to his stiffness gently placing his cock into her mouth.

She had a desire to suck and lick, she rolled her tongue around and started moving up and down.

She couldn’t get more then the head into her mouth, and began to feel her mouth water, and her mouth loosen  with each thrust.

She felt a little more of his cock going in to her mouth and soon she was half way down his cock, he MOAN!!! 

She could feel his torso raise and his cock stiffen, as it began to swell.

The desire hit her to take it deeper and with a hard twisting thrust, 

She lowers her self and felt Gush! After! Gush! After! Gush of hot cum hitting her neck, her inner jaws as she raised with a Suck!, and  then lowered with a thrust as he  shot another round of hot  cum into her mouth,

He then raised and kissed her and took the cum from her mouth into his, laid her back and spread her legs, and let the hot cum run from his mouth onto hot swollen virgin cunt…

It was already dark out and she knew her mother would be worried; he gave her a ride on his bike back to the main road, 

Where she walked the 2 miles home in the dark,,,,,,,

Nothing like a country night she thought, as she looked at the full moon above..

Niceclit4u

Give it a vote. You know for the ratings. t/y