 Dee sharing a sexual experience she had before meeting me.

Dee is on her back, naked and legs spread and calves resting over my shoulders. I'm passionately licking her pussy and she's grinding her pelvis into my face. She uses one hand to rub her breasts and the other to pull her lips up to expose her clit, making the licking easier and more centered on the magic button.

Dee starts to rub her pussy lips, dipping into her opening and running it back up to run circles around her button. I can hear her breathing becoming quite erratic and she asks me to tease her pussy with my cock. She loves to masturbate while I push ever so slightly into her and then tease her by pulling back.

I get up on my knees and position myself to push my cock into her very moist pussy. I run it in and out, only a couple inches deep though, as she rubs harder on her clit. She's manipulating herself to meet each of my short thrusts into her pussy.

I begin to rub her thighs, up around her pelvis and up to her breasts, squeezing and pulling the nipples, then up to her neck. She loves to have her neck kissed, licked and caressed, and I usually do it to get to my ultimate goal, my finger brushing her lips and then her sucking them. Once she gets to that point, the juices are flowing and I can literally fuck her mouth with my finger. When she gets close, she gets faster, so I get faster as well.

When she's really close, I push a finger into her ass. Dee's not into anal sex as far as fucking, but she loves the finger fucking when there's a cock in her pussy. It's not the easiest maneuver to pull off, but the bone jarring orgasms make it worth it. She will literally sob from the emotions after an orgasm reached this way.

Dee let's out a scream, bucking as hard as she can and still trying to rub her pussy as she does. I beg her to keep rubbing her pussy.

Finally, she starts sobbing and exclaims, "I just can't rub it anymore!" After a couple minutes of cuddling and kissing, we settle next to each other and snuggle up for the evening.

Dee never reached orgasm with her first boyfriend, and it took us several weeks during our dating period, for her to actually have one with me. She could get very close but for some reason she just couldn't release the emotions. 

Eventually, we went to a porn drive-in, and I put my hand in her panties and asked, "You're very wet, do you like this film?" 

She shyly replied, "I love the hands and knees action, I've never tried it, but I think I would like it too." Later, I would find this to be a little, white lie. 

As we made out, I massaged her hard clit and she finally came right there in the car at the drive in.

Anyway, on this particular night, I made mention that she had very intense orgasms and asked, "Is this the most erotic sex you've ever had? Seems like the intensity of the orgasms says it is, but.."

Dee, in a soft, sultry voice, asked, "Do you really want to know?" 

"Yes, and if it's not, I'd be very curious to know what was," I begged of her.

Dee, almost apologetically, said, "Well then, no, I'm sorry...back when I was about 22 y/o living in Dallas with my old boyfriend Dan, I worked for a construction company. We were on a job and had our mobile office on site. At 5pm, my boss left for the day, as he got outside, he knocked on the window and said "Lover boy is here." I had a bit more work to get done before I could go, so Dan came inside to wait for me. Are you sure you want to hear this?"

Without trying to sound like I was begging, I told her, "Please continue." 

Dee said, "Okay, well Dan was reading a magazine, then got up and looked at stuff posted on the walls around the room, and soon was standing behind me. He placed his hands on my shoulders and began giving me a shoulder & neck rub. It didn't take very long and he was massaging my breasts through my blouse. He started nuzzling and kissing the back of my neck, something I truly love, and makes me warm and tingly all over. But, I pulled away telling him to stop, I am at work and can't be doing this stuff here. He pulled away and went back to sit down."

"When I got up to go, he came back to me and grabbed me by the waist and planted a big kiss on me, darting his tongue in and out and giving me small kisses around my lips. Things began to heat up a bit, and it wasn't long before I forgot where I was. Once again, he was caressing my breasts through my blouse, squeezing my ass through my pants and still kissing me passionately. When he started to unbutton my blouse, I pulled away quickly." 

He plead with her, "C'mon, we're all alone and I know you want it as bad as I do, I can tell by your kisses!"

"Well, I did want it and I didn't care anymore that I was at work. He unbuttoned my blouse and pulled my bra up revealing my puffy brown nipples on my small perky white breasts. His mouth went right after them and it didn't take long for them to get rock hard. I think it was at that point that I grabbed his belt and unbuckled it, pulled his zipper down and undid the jeans button. I tugged at his jeans and got them down below his knees."

"Dan went after my pants and it took very little to get them down around my ankles. One button, a zipper and no belt, it was almost just one solid tug to get me standing there in my panties. He pulled my bra off, it was digging a bit into my breasts, so I was happy to get rid of it. I began groping his cock, stroking the length of it and feeling it harden right there in my hands. I had never sucked cock before, but the time seemed right, so I got to my knees and went at it. I must admit, I wasn't very good at it, but he didn't complain either."

"I was licking his shaft and tasting his sweet precum when I decided to just go for it...taking him deep into my mouth. Nobody had ever put their cock in my mouth, it was warm and he was hard, and felt totally natural for me to be doing this. I could feel the vein in his cock hardening on my tongue and hoped that it didn't mean he would be coming in my mouth."

"After about 5 minutes of sucking his cock, he pulled me up and pressed his body up against mine. Dan began removing my panties, pulling them down my legs and pulling them over my feet" 

"I am going to fuck you right here!" Dan exclaimed.

"He rubbed his prick up against my pubic hair and in between my legs. Sliding in and out of my slit was very exciting, but he had another surprise for me." 

He said, "Dee, I want to fuck you from behind!" 

"I had never been taken from behind before, the missionary position is the only way we'd ever done it. Then I thought, well, I've never fucked anybody at work before either. I was a bit tentative, but I agreed. He turned me away, rubbing his dick in between my ass cheeks for a minute or so, then ran it between my legs and teased my opening from behind. Dan was a bit taller than I, so he pushed me forward, bending me at the waist, and again pushed his dick up against my ass cheeks."

"For one brief moment I thought he's going to try and take me anal..."NO ANAL, NO WAY!" I blurted out.

Dan laughed and said, "I wasn't even thinking about that." 

"His mission was to take my pussy from behind and that's what he started to do. I was a little wet and he managed to push himself into me on about the third thrust. I let out a little scream as he hit bottom, I wasn't expecting him to penetrate that deeply into me, and his fat cock was stretching me and rubbing up against the front of my pussy wall with each stroke and that was driving me crazy."

"He rubbed my ass, reached around and squeezed and played with my breasts and then grabbed my hips and began really pumping me for all he was worth. I thought he was about to come when we heard a car door in front of the trailer. I grabbed my clothes and frantically ran into the restroom while he pulled his pants up and sat down with a magazine." 

"My boss came back to remind me to take the deposit to the bank."

Dan explained, "Dee's in the restroom and I'll remind her when she comes out." 

"I came out when I knew my boss was gone. While mostly scared to death of almost getting caught, the shy, but adventurous, young un in me wanted to continue. I quickly pulled my pants down and Dan did the same. He once again bent me over and this time, grabbing me by my hips, he plunged in completely with one try."

"From my present position, I could see out in front of the trailer and kept a close watch for anyone else stopping by. Dan began to fuck me, grabbing me by the hips, starting with slow deep strokes, then faster and faster. He wasn't going to be interrupted again. I rubbed my clit and slammed back against him with my extremely wet pussy and met his every thrust. After two to three minutes, he tensed up and began moaning. I could feel his throbbing cock as he released his full load into me. He continued for several more minutes and then when he softened, he pulled out. Dan, gasping to regain control of his breathing, fell back into the chair."

Dan waved at me to come to him, "I need to show you something else," he claimed. 

"As it turns out, Dan was intent on teaching me how to suck his dick. Pulling me down to him, he pressed his sticky cock up against my mouth and slowly stroked it in and out. My wet mouth was making him horny again, and he quickly got hard. He grabbed me by the back of my head and literally fucked my mouth until he came again, this time he shot right onto my tongue. I almost gagged, not knowing exactly what to do, I struggled to swallow his salty juices and managed to get every drop down. After a few minutes of licking and sucking his now limp dick, we got cleaned up, dressed and left the building."

Apparently concerned about my ego, Dee said, "Remember, you asked me about the most erotic sex I've had, not the biggest, best or most intense orgasms I've experienced."

"WOW! That sounded pretty hot! Was that the only time you had sex where you could get caught?" as I begged for more of the story.

"Yes, that was the only place away from our apartment that we made love. Other than when Dan fingered me to get me wet, I hadn't experimented or known a lot of different sexual techniques. Fucking Dan at work was a giant leap for me sexually...and also a sign that I was young and stupid," Dee replied, almost trying to downplay what she had done.

"And very, very hot!" I added.