 She stood five foot eight and one half inch. A former cheerleader, she now taught at the local Catholic school. Her blonde hair, green eyes and large 36DD breasts were the cause of many a wet dream for the teenage boys in her class, but Dede wasn't taking any chances with them.

She and her best friend Jennifer worked together and always made sure they were never alone with a student one on one. It wasn't hard for Dede to ignore the attentions of these adolescents, they were mere boys, and she was forty-six.

She moonlighted as a bartender on weekends at the local watering hole. She was sure to wear tops that accentuated her natural assets, which in turn, got her more tips, which in turn got her more suggestive comments. She would pretend not to like them and treated most of her customers in a bitchy manner. This also seemed to draw more tips.

One Friday evening Joseph walked into the bar. He had just finished football practice where he was the head coach at another public school in the same city. He immediately noticed Dede behind the bar and sauntered up to the bar. She deliberately ignored him for several minutes.

She could tell just by his body language that he thought he was something special and Dede hated those type of guys, so she made him wait.

"Excuse me, bartender. Can I get some service?" he said loud enough to be heard over the cacophony of noise.

"What can I get you?"

"Normally, I'd say beer, but tonight I want something special. What do you suggest?"

Dede recognized a pickup line when she heard one. She rolled her eyes and said she'd make him her best drink. She laughed inside knowing that she would make a woman's drink, her favorite drink in fact, an Amaretto Sour. She turned her back and said something over her shoulder

"I've got just the thing"

"Sounds good. Will you join me?"

"Can't drink while I'm working." she hollered back as she walked to the other end of the bar to make his sissy drink.

She brought it back and saw a couple of regulars hitting on him. She knew exactly what to do.

"Here's your amaretto sour sir." She said loud enough to be heard over a jet engine.

"That'll be $12 dollars" she continued. She would make this loser pay.

He gave her a twenty and told her to keep the change. He took his drink, put his arm around one of the regulars and walked to their table. Surprised, Dede simply said thanks and stared at him as he walked away.

The crowd was rowdy that night and a fight broke out near the bar. Joseph was not one of them, but when a bottle was broken, he stepped in, grabbed the drunken man by the collar and escorted him to the front door. Roughly!

The crowd gave a loud cheer, but he ignored it. Disgusted by the actions of the drunk, Joseph went back to his table, but the 'regulars' had already moved on to their next free drink victim.

Dede had watched the whole thing and was a little more than impressed. She took another look at the stranger and decided to make an effort to apologize for being such a bitch earlier.

She brought him a beer, something dark and bold. Her bar carried the local Micro Brewery's beer, Lazlo's Porter. She brought him a pint on the house.

"What's this for?"

"Just a thank you from the bar staff for helping with those jerks."

Dede turned to walk away, but he was quick. He grabbed her arm in his strong hands and held her. She jerked backwards, almost falling. She looked at him and simply said,

"Let go"

"I'd really like it if you joined me, but I understand you're working. Maybe when your done?"

He let go of her arm, but held her gaze. Her green eyes had softened a little. She didn't say no, she just turned and went back to her station behind the bar.

From time to time, Dede would look Josephs way and each time she saw him in a different light. Maybe, she thought. Her thoughts were distracted by another customer flashing money and asking for a drink.

The evening ended peacefully and Dede pulled in a tidy sum of tips. She spent the next couple of days with her husband, that's to say, she was home doing laundry, cleaning house, making dinner while he was out running.

It had become his routine. Go to work, come home, change and go out and run. He would be gone for some time before returning all sweaty. It was gross she thought. He'd then take a shower, eat and do some work that was always waiting for him.

On the rare occasion that he wasn't running, he'd do a few chores around the house. Mow the lawn, clean his garage and take out the garbage. It didn't help that he travelled, a lot. Dede found herself home alone more nights than she cared for.

The week came and went uneventfully as usual. Dede would get up at 5am, jog for about an hour, come home, shower and get ready for work. She would pause and look at herself in the full length mirror in her bedroom. Not bad for a woman of my age she would silently think to herself.

She still saw herself as fat, even though everyone would tell her otherwise. Her job as a teacher occupied most of her time. Jennifer was a teachers assistant who had her own issues with her boyfriend.

He was very controlling and according to Jennifer, not all that good in bed. Jennifer had become quite the flirt and Dede noticed which she had to admit made her a little jealous of Jennifer's new freedoms, if you could call it that. She didn't have the same commitment that Dede was in.

Twenty plus years to the same man who she wasn't even sure still loved her. Sure, he said he did, but his actions said otherwise. She never thought she'd have to practically beg him for sex.

It was Friday night and Dede was behind the counter at the bar again. Lot's of regulars were in that night and naturally most of the men would hit on Dede. This time she would flirt back more than usual. It wasn't for bigger tips, but to fill a void that her husband had created. She needed intimacy.

While Dede wasn't looking for the strapping red haired man from the previous week, she wasn't surprised when he showed up. Dede gave him a friendly wave, which was so unlike the previous week. She was rather bitchy to him.

He smiled and sauntered over to the bar and leaned on railing and asked for a drink.

"Something special!" he said.

Dede smiled and asked if he wanted an Amaretto Sour jokingly. Then brought him a beer. And a shot. Actually two shots. Puzzled, he looked at her. His eyes conveyed his confusion.

"You pay for the beer, I'm buying the shots." she added.

"Well okay. But I thought you couldn't drink while working?"

"Don't tell anyone."

She winked at him, grabbed the shot of Jack Daniel's Old No. 7 and threw it down her throat. She licked her lips and turned to help the next customer.

Joseph, smiled, raised his shot and drank it down, scooped up his beer and sat at the same table as the week before. Only this time he wasn't buying for the same two women who hit him up for drinks last week.

Dede made sure he was served as needed and when things quieted down, she asked to quit her shift early. Instead of going home, she grabbed two more beers and two more shots and took them to Joseph's table. She didn't bother to ask if she could sit there.

"My names Dede. What's yours?"

"Joseph"

He extended his meaty hand. Dede's hand looked small in his. They made small talk, she telling him she's a teacher during the day. He telling her he was the head football coach at a neighboring town. They were not competitors though, as Dede taught at a small Catholic school and he coached and taught science at one of the largest schools in the state.

The pressure to win games was immense and this was his time to get away from it all. There was a mutual respect between the two teachers. She explained that she bartended for extra money in the summer months and mostly for something to do. She didn't mention her husband.

He told her that summer workout's, while optional, were expected and his team was preparing for a hopeful run at the state championship later that fall. It all starts with the commitment in the summer when the kids could be doing other things. He knew he had a good group of kids who loved the sport and he wasn't going to let them off with a lazy effort.

In college, Joseph was a linebacker at a Power Five Conference school. He started his last three years and if not for a shoulder injury that sidelined him his senior year, he was a potential NFL draft prospect. He could've redshirted, but knew the injury was probably more permanent than expected. Joseph didn't mention his wife.

They exchanged numbers before the bar closed, and Dede gave him a kiss on his cheek. She then turned and went to her car while Joseph stood there and watched her leave. He knew he had to have her.

He waited a few days so he didn't appear too anxious then sent a text.

'Hello Beautiful'

Dede didn't have her phone on in the morning and didn't see the text until it was lunch time at the school. She saw the text and replied in kind.

'Hello handsome'

'I was hoping I'd hear from you'

Dede could feel her heart pounding in her chest. What was she doing. She's married.

'Just wondering if you'll be working tonight'

'No just have to grade some papers. What are you doing?'

'No practice. Have free time. Wanna spend it with you'

Dede sat and thought for a long moment. Her husband was out of town again. She did have to grade papers, but she really wanted to see Joseph too. She didn't reply immediately. Instead she went to look for Jennifer. Ironically, Jennifer was looking for Dede.

"Hey, I was just looking for you"

Jennifer said as she rounded the corner of the hallway, her phone in her hand.

"Can we talk in private?" she added.

"Sure. What's up?"

"Dede, we've been friends for a long time right?"

Jennifer didn't wait for the reply as she continued.

"You know my relationship with my boyfriend is on the rocks. I need you to cover for me. If he calls, can you tell him I'm with you and were out at a teacher meeting?"

"Um, sure. Anything. So what'cha really doing?"

"I'm meeting someone. I've been talking to them for a few weeks and,well, we hit it off really well. I'm so nervous, and excited"

"No problem, I'll cover for ya. If he calls or texts me I'll let him know your phone is dead"

"Thanks Dede, you're the best"

They talked about a lot of things, but Dede decided she wasn't ready to share her new interest just yet.

She finally texted Joseph back.

'Can't make it tonight, but tomorrow?'

Her phone buzzed immediately with his confirming reply for tomorrow. Was she really going to meet him in private? Was this a good idea? A million thoughts rushed through her head and she was only brought back to reality by the noisy kids coming back from lunch. She needed the distraction.

The following day after work, Dede rushed home, took a shower and put on her sexiest thong and matching black Victoria's Secret bra. She looked at herself in the mirror and liked what she saw. She didn't look fat.

She met Joseph at a discreet location, darkly lit, lots of people so they blended in. They had a drink. Then another. Dede had never been so nervous. Could she do this? She liked the way he looked and smelled. She liked the things he said.

He told her he had seen her weeks before he actually approached the bar. He felt she was out of his league. She felt he was out of hers. They talked for awhile and the more they talked, the more Dede realized she wanted him. He was moving slow. Not wanting to pressure things. Dede made the decision to move things faster.

"I don't live far. Would you like to come over?"

"Are you sure?"

She took his had and led him back to her car. She drove. Fast. They arrived within a few minutes and she led him into her home. She didn't bother turning on the lights and Joseph didn't bother to care.

He was no more through the door when he grabbed her arm, spun her around and kissed her hard. Dede's nerves were on edge. She had only been with one man ever and that was of course her husband. The more they kissed, the more she could feel her nervousness ebb away as she melted in his arms.

His touch felt good and Dede had all but forgotten about her husband. She reached for his shirt, untucking it from his pants and unbuttoning it. His muscular chest and firm stomach were something she'd never seen. Her husband was average build at best and since he started running, he was almost puny.

His hands reached for the sides of her top. He could feel her tense, so he eased up. She felt him stop, so she grabbed her top and pulled it off. She stood there looking into his eyes for a moment. Her nerves on their very edge. Her thong becoming soaked. 

He moved his mouth to her neck, her shoulders and his fingers reached behind her and expertly unhooked her bra. She stood there, nearly unable to move. Her hands by her side, she looked away. He could tell she was beyond nervous. Almost scared. He asked,

"Do you want me to stop?"

"No"

Dede was surprised how guttural she sounded. She wanted him more than ever. Her fear suddenly gone. She took his hand and placed them on her breasts. She leaned into him, reaching up to kiss him again, before letting go of his neck and reaching down to his crotch.

She could feel his engorged member and she had to touch it. To hold it in her hands, to stroke him. She unzipped his pants and reached inside. She gasped a little at its girth. He was much larger than her husband. She felt herself get even wetter.

His hands caressed her breasts, his mouth on her nipple. It felt so good. She hadn't been touched in so long. 

Everything he did was putting Dede into a sexual frenzy. She wasted little time removing the rest of her clothes. She stood before this stranger completely naked and completely comfortable.

The dim lights hid the fact that this was a home of a husband and wife. Joseph never gave a thought that she might be married, nor did he care that he was too. 

He stared at Dede's naked body, only long enough to remove his shirt, pants, socks and shoes. His cock straining his underwear. He didn't want to expose himself unless she wanted him too.

Dede wanted him too. She took his underwear and slid them down his thighs, letting them slide the rest of the way on their own as she took his cock into her mouth. She didn't know if she was any good or not as she didn't get feedback from her husband.

She licked and sucked his head, licked the sides of his cock as she stroked him. He placed his hands on her head and began to gyrate his hips, sliding his cock in and out or her mouth. He knew he wouldn't last long just from pure excitement and he wanted to make this last for as long as possible.

He moaned and told her how good it felt, but she needed to stop or he was going to cum. She stood, but continued to stroke his cock. He put his hands back on her breasts, then slowly took first one then the other nipple into his warm mouth. Dede let out her own moan.

Joseph's hand reached down between her legs. Her Brazilian waxed pussy was soft and smooth. Her juices were flowing, running down her inner thighs. His first touch was so electric, her eyes closed and she let out a louder moan.

"Ohh. My. God!"

Joseph continued to rub her clit between his thumb and fingers. Pulling slightly, then sliding inside her. He applied pressure inside her, making her moan again. 

Dede began her own grinding gyrations, and the faster he slid his fingers in and out of her, the faster she gyrated. She had her first orgasm within moments.

Never before had she felt such a rush of pleasure. Her knees had weakened and she needed to lie down. She needed his massive cock inside her. Now! 

She took him to the couch, pushed him down and sat on top of him, inserting his now throbbing cock inside her. She raised her hands, running her fingers through her blonde hair.

Joseph reached up and played with her breasts and tugging on her nipples. The sensations sent waive after waive of pleasure straight to her vagina. Dede raised her hips up and down on his long shaft faster and faster.

Dede put her hands on his shoulders to help balance herself as she bounced up and down. She reached a second climax, telling him loudly on how good it felt. 

Joseph held out as long as he could but it was inevitable that he was going to cum and the moment came fast. He unleashed his cum inside her with a low moan. 

She climbed off him, her body still shaky from her climax. They looked at each other and laughed softly telling each other how great it was. Joseph left a little while later but not before asking if they could meet again.

"Tomorrow?" She asked.

"I'll make sure I'm available."

Joseph left after another lengthly kiss knowing he would see her again.