 My name is Grace Andrews. I am fifty six years old and a widow. I am very healthy, not too fat and I have to work for a living as my husband did not leave much of an estate when he passed away suddenly. 

I found this job through another widow friend of mine that owns this very large house that she rents out rooms in. It is located close to the college and nearly all the nine rooms are rented out to grad-students. I have two rooms on the first floor in the back next to the kitchen. I don't cook for the boys but I do make sure they don't burn down the place and I check every day to make sure they keep the place clean and orderly. In other words I am a house mother. 

One boy who is a little older came here to play football as well as get an education. However when he played his first game some one stepped on his ankle and broke it badly. Then another fellow fell on top of him and dislocated his neck. So Douglas Dupree was placed in a special bed on the first floor in what used to be the living room. 

There was a young pretty nurse hired to care for him but she only came in four times a day and did not stay over night. Dug used a bedpan and this was a real bone of contention for him. He hated it and wanted to use a bathroom like every other guy in the house. But of course with a broken ankle that was very hard to do. But the fool tried and this is where I got involved. 

I was asked to cook for Dug and was paid very well to do so. I welcomed the extra income and so over the course of the first week we got to be very well acquainted. 

The first time I had an occasion to be a help to Douglas was the very next week on Saturday. This is football day here and all the other boys were at the game. Being the weekend the nurse was not in so I was all alone with Dug. 

He had a cast from his ankle up to above his right knee and a neck brace that held his head up at a weird angle. He could not see down to his feet.

I had taken a small TV in and placed it up on the top of a wardrobe so Dug could see the game. I had gone off to do my regular duties and Dug though he could get out of bed and turn the TV antenna so the picture would come in better. 

Like these boys like to say "Wrong"

I did not hear him fall but I was about half way down the back stairs I heard him yelling. I hurried to see what on earth happened and found Stupid Mr. Dupree on the floor with his good leg all twisted and bent like a pretzel. I called nine one one and helped him the best I could until the medics arrived. 

I did take a second look at Mr. Dupree's privates as it had been sometime since I was with a man. I may be over fifty but by no means am I dead nor do I lack the natural urges of a woman. 

Back before my husband died I was very active with my husband and well; shell we say I was not a true blue one man woman. My husband was a very good lover but he was on the road a lot and I somehow managed to not always be alone when he was out of town. My husband found out a few years back maybe twelve or so. But he said that was okay as he had a few ladies on the road that he visited from time to time. So we openly agreed when we were not together we could have friends over so to speak. 

It as not long before I found out my husband was not the best lover in town but he was still very good. 

So we lived with this arrangement for a lot of years and it worked fine for us. After he died I some how got away from the sex thing and after I took this house mother job I had almost put sex out of my mind. Well almost. But it came back with a rush and woke up a desire in me that had been dormant too long.

It only took ten minutes for the Medics to get here. In these ten minutes I managed to comfort Mr. Dupree and get a handle on his most private manhood. I must say I was impressed to say the least. 

His night shirt had been pulled up around his back and he was exposed from the waist down. The hem of his night gown got hook on a hinge that lifted the mechanical bed and this is what caused him to go asshole over tea cup. 

He was hurting yet he had enough sense to know he was naked and exposed. He asked me to cover him up. I had a hard time getting the material loose but in the mean time I took his rather manly manhood in my hand and arranged it so it was not longer bound up tight between the material and his bum leg. This small act relieved his pain greatly. 

It also kind of bound us together as very close friends. I have to admit I may have fondled his privates a little longer than was necessary but it just felt good to touch a man. I was excited that he even may have become aroused some even though he was in pain. I found this kind of exciting myself just knowing I could excite a man again. When the Medics came though the door Dug was smiling up at me and all covered up. 

He was returned the next day with his left leg in a cast and in some kind of harness that held his legs up and slightly parted. This time he was in a hospital gown with the ties in back. His were untied. 

I had fixed a nice pot of home made soup and as soon as Douglas was ready I came in with a bowl to feel him. Oh; I am so sorry I mean feed him. How silly of me.

We talked of things to come after he gets out of traction and is well enough to resume his studies. He loved my soup and I helped him with his book reader so he could read while he lay there. I left him and about an hour later he rang for me. He said he knew it was not my job to act as nurse but he had a problem and wanted to ask me to help him. He had some how twisted his bedpan and could not get it under him properly. 

I smiled and moved to see what his problem was. Well I saw his problem right away. He had the loveliest erection I had ever seen. It was pointing nearly straight out with a slight twist to the right. The head was round some what pointed with a wide mouth opening with a very prominent rim at the rear. The shaft was thick at the base some where deep in that forest of dark curly hair. But was a little slimmer as it approached the deep purple head. It was simply a very lovely cock if I had ever seen one and I had seen a few in my time.

I lifted his gown higher so he could not see me. I took his cock in my hand and turned it as I pulled the skin up as far as it would go. I pushed down still gripping his massive cock tightly forcing the head to be drawn nearly flat. He moaned as if I had hurt him. But I knew that sound and it was not from hurt it was from pure pleasure. 

His cock was dry so I leaned in and took it in my mouth to give it a nice wet lubricated surface. I took my mouth away and went back to working in up and down. 

Doug said "please suck it for me I need to cum so bad. I know you want to suck me as much as I want you too."

Well Doug was right about that I did want to suck him off. He had a lovely cock and it had been so damn long since I tasted male semen and I needed that too.

It did not take much to set his big boy off. I was surprised but welcomed the thick salty fluid. His semen was sweet, warm and thick as butter milk. I sucked it down deep into my mouth with in trepidation and willingness. 

I knew all too well this was not the time or place for such a romantic encounter but yet I went on. Doug was breathing deep as his cock jerked slightly. I tasted his sperm and the very sensation of it overwhelmed me. But I recovered quickly sucking his cum deep into my mouth and swallowing it eagerly. I milked his cock to get every drop of this glorious fluid. I licked his cock as it wilted in my hand. I let it slip from my mouth and my hand. 

Looking up I saw he had his eyes closed so I took myself and hurried away. That was marvelous and I loved every moment, very drop and every emotion we shared.

The game was over and several of the guys came by to say "Hi" to Doug and tell him how they won the game at the last moment. Things settled down around mid-night and so I decided to check on Doug one more time before I went to bed.

He was reading trying to keep up with his studies and was awake when I came in. 

"Hi Grace. Thought you would be I bed at this hour?" He said.

I placed a hand on his arm and ask it there was anything I could do before I retired. 

He smiled and said "You were wonderful. I loved your tender touch. It had been a long time. How does one thank a wonderful lady for something like that? I think a simple thanks seem to be too little for so very much." 

I said "don't even think that way. It was as much for my own pleasure as for you. Believe me I needed that too. I did want it as much as you did. Really." 

He reached out and laid his hand over mine. 

"Maybe some day soon I can repay you for your kindness." He said smiling from ear to ear. 

He took my hand and pulled me close and kissed me. I was surprised at that but let him circle his tongue around mine. He sucked my tongue and let his good hand find my breast. He had magic fingers as he worked his finger in between the buttons and found my hard nipple. 

His touch sent shivers through out my body. I was wetter now than when I had enjoyed the taste of his manly semen. I loved his touch as he tightened his finger on my nipple. 

I slipped a hand between his legs again to find he was hard as an iron rod. 

God knew I was so hot I was foaming at the mouth. I needed to feel is fingers in my pussy and told him so. He suggested that I stand on a stool so he could reach my pussy as I again jerked him off. I could not suck his cock at this angle but I said for him to let me know when he was going to come and I would let him cum in my mouth. 

His fingers worked their magic quickly and I was shivering with a wild climax before he came again. He had two fingers in me and his thumb rubbing my clitoris. This combination worked wonders as I let go with a real dam buster. Running all over his hand and the floor. 

"Holy shit. That was! Well Wow; I never saw a woman come out side like that... god how great that must feel to a guy if he is fucking you. I can't wait until I am well." He was not making any sense but I was feeling a lot of relief. 

I felt his cock stiffen and his balls drew up tight under his massive cock. I stepped down off the stool to lean my head under the little tent and took his cock in my mouth just in time to get the first spurt.

It was as sweet as the first time and I again welcomed his every drop. I sucked, swallowed and milked his lovely cock until his was completely spent. 

I pulled back my head to see Spurgen Hinder standing there watching me. Spurgen; is a very short thin student from Germany. He is an exchange student and has up till now been a very quiet well mannered boy. He is around thirty so no longer a boy but I call all the student that live here boys. 

"Grace; you're wonderful. I never saw any girl or woman give such great head before. I love oral sex and from what I saw you're the very best. Could I get in on the fun?" He said as he pulled out his cock. 

I was speechless and still in shock. Spurgen came up to me he was two inches shorter than my five feet six inches. But I have to admit I was also surprised at seeing the thickest cock I had ever seen. It was not all that long but my God was it a thick one. 

He said "Bend over and let me fuck you first then you can finish me off with your sexy mouth."

Doug said "You little shit get he fuck out of here."

I said "Doug relax. If I don't he will tell every one and I would get fired and I need this job."

Doug said "Grace; I'll take care of you. You don't have to do this. I'll kick the little shit's ass when I get out of this." 

"No, no it's alright Doug." I did as I was told. I could not take my eyes off his cock. I wondered what it would feel like to have a thick cock in me like this one. It would stretch me open but I thought it would feel great. All I had to do now was calm down Doug and get on with this. 

I went closer to Doug and smiled at him. "You can watch and if you get a hard-on again I suck you off again. Deal?" I said squeezing his hand. 

Doug got a strange look on his face and I knew he wanted to watch.

I went over to the side of the room and pulled my skirt up around my waist my panties were already on the floor. I bend over the chair giving Spurgen a good look at my ass and pussy.

I looked back around to see his trousers drop to the floor. The next thing I knew he had me by the hips pulling me back and down on to him. 

He expertly used two fingers to spread my very wet pussy wide so he could get the head of his cock started into me. Once the head was between my lips he rubbed it back and forth a few times getting us both very well lubricated. 

The he took a good grip on my hips and slowly pushed. He felt the resistance but kept up the pressure but not ramming or jamming at me. He knew what it would take to get that fucking pole in my tight pussy. 

I had never been too tight for anyone before and this seemed to excite me thinking he was so thick that he had to work to get in my pussy. But then he started to slide inside. I felt the muscles stretch and for a moment it was a little uncomfortable. But once he had it in as far as it would go I darn near exploded right here and then. 

When he pulled back he pulled my insides out with him and then he pushed a little faster pushing every thing back in. I was getting excited but at the same time I was afraid that he would rip me up inside. But I guess the part of me that was getting excited also got me wetter before long he was doing one hell of a job on my pussy. 

I felt my pussy getting strangely looser and him sliding easier in and out. He was fucking me faster and deeper than I thought he could. I was feeling it and liking it very much. I could see in my mind what he was watching and hopefully what Doug was watching also. 

My climax came upon me in a rush. I felt it start and then it was there pouring from me like a river over flowing its banks. I let out a cry of pure delight as I let go with the climax of all climaxes. 

I was still delighting myself to no end when I felt Spurgen shake. The heat in my throbbing pussy was like a fire. His molten lave poured forth filling me time after time. It was a good two minutes before the two of us even thought about slowing down. 

I looked over at Doug. He was playing with his cock and looking at me as if he had never seen such a thing before. Well maybe he has not seen a women climax that much or enjoyed being fucked to a climax like this.

Spurgen pulled out of me and his massive cock was no longer big and thick. He laughed and said "Very few women can get me off like that. I can stay hard for two or three times unless the first is so fantastic I can not recover."

Spurgen dressed and left the room. I went over to Doug and we laughed at each other. But I did not suck him off again. 

The next day a tall slender lady close to my age, maybe a few yeas younger showed up dressed in a nurse's uniform. 

She was here to help Dough move his legs and get on the road to recovery. She said her Name was Karen Carr. I started to leave when Doug said he wanted me to stay. 

I said 'No; he had work to do and he did not need me to watch." 

From what Doug told me the therapy session started out as normal the way he expected. But after ten minutes of the nurse working with his leg his hospital gown got pushed will up above his cock and balls. 

He thought this Karen Carr was getting red faced and she seemed to be interested in Doug's' privates. At one point she held Doug's leg high up and then folded his knee so his foot rested on the bed. At this point Karen took a moment to rub the underside of his leg with a warming lotion. Her fingers came up the inside of his thigh to slightly touch his cock head. 

Doug moaned to let her know he liked that and she was only too wiling to help this poor unfortunate fellow with his problem. 

Karen was tall near six foot. A big girl with a large frame but not overly fat. She looked solid as a rock. Her powerful hands were made for this kind of work. She was pretty with dark hair framing a wide full lipped mouth. 

By the time I check again the door was locked. I had a key and went in unannounced. Karen was leaning over Doug with this cock out of sight. She had his cock in her mouth right up to the balls. It had to be down her throat I thought "Where else could it be." 

I locked the door and stood there watching this woman give Doug an even better cock sucking than I had. I thought I was good and maybe I was but Karen was fantastic. I was not jealous as I knew Doug was having the time of his life.

As I approached the opposite side of the bed. Karen looked up long enough to see me smiling. She nodded and lowered her mouth back down over Doug's cock. I got my little stool and standing on it was able to lean in far enough to relieve Karen of her burden. She held his cock for me as I took my turn at sucking and tasting his manly cock. I enjoyed this for a few moments and then let Karen have her turn. Doug had reached down and had one of my tits out where he could enjoy their feel. I liked this too. 

How long Karen and I swapped his cock from mouth to mouth I don't remember. Karen was the one to enjoy his cum. Doug blasted off and Karen willingly sucked, swallowed and milked it of every last drop. I had stepped off my stool and was happily watching this masterful artiest ingest the last of Doug's semen. 

Doug flopped back and was dead to the world. Karen came up to me leaned down and kissed me. She opened her mouth and let me swipe my tongue around tasting Doug's cum. 

As she kissed me I felt her hand cup my dangling tit. Her fingers found my slowly stiffening nipple. The kiss became more intense. I was coming alive and the heat between my legs was causing a great deal of wetness. Karen pulled me to her wrapping her long strong arms around me. I let her fondle me but then I pushed her back and I looked into dark burning eyes that were on fire. Hell I was on fire too.

Stepping back I said "God you're good. But not now. Will you be back tomorrow? If so I think maybe we can continue this. I also want to invite a friend to join us. He's a little Germen fellow I think you would like him. What do you say to this idea?"

Karen moved close again touched me on the cheek and said "Today was wonderful and maybe tomorrow can be even more wonderful. I don't see why not. This little Germen fellow you have enjoyed him I take it." 

I smiled and told her I had and I think she would fine him very much to her satisfaction. 

Karen kissed me again. 

I fussed with Doug getting him all cleaned up and let him sleep as I went off the find Spurgen. I found Spurgen in his room deep in study. I only poked my head in long enough to ask him if he was free to join Doug, his new nurse and I for a little get together tomorrow. 

Spurgen said "I noticed the door was locked when I came in. I did not knock but I did take a moment to listen. May I guess that the three of you were engaged in a bit of sexual fun?"

I smiled and told him if he would like to join this fun I would love to have him. 

The foursome; my first

*

If I get enough requests I'll write a follow up ...