 She had been pestering me to come over to hers for weeks under some flimsy pretence. I can't remember exactly what it was, no actually I do. She wanted me to help her move her bed. I had my suspicions that her motives weren't quite as true as she made out but I'm a generous sort of a soul and if someone asks for my help and I'm able to give it then I see no reason to refuse.

How did I know her? She worked as a PA for another of the teams at the company I was at the time. I'd seen her out at a couple of work drink things and we had a couple of conversations. Mild flirtation. Nothing serious but I have to admit that the whole secretary fantasy was a big thing for me. 

The heels, tight blouses, horn-rimmed glasses, bright red lips, pencil skirts and stockings all did it for me and boy did she embrace that. She called it her uniform. It still makes me rock hard now thinking about her, dressed like that. Although she wasn't big, she wasn't exactly petite either. But my god did she have all the right curves in all the right places.

Ok so I lied about the mild flirtation. I do remember once telling her that I would like to see her in skirt that zips all the way up the back so that I could bend her over and ever so slowly unzip that skirt listening to the tiny teeth of the zip unmeshing; as though they were celebrating their own opening. I told her that I would fold back the flaps of the skirt to reveal her underwear and after slowly sliding them down I told her how I wanted to mercilessly punish her tight little cunt with my thick hard cock. I did worry that that might have overstepped the mark with that but I relaxed when I got the invite for assistance.

Actually on reflection I needn't have worried. She sent me a picture of herself masturbating later that same night telling me that she was thinking about me hammering her wet pussy. That her fingers weren't doing the job and she needed me to fill her up with my hot white sticky semen in order for her to scratch this particular itch.

Needless to say this sent my lizard brain into frenzied overdrive, stroking myself until I had drained every last drop of ejaculate from my testes depositing my essence in a sticky mess on my stomach, hand and throbbing cock. 

At this point, I'd like to say something about the differences between seduction techniques men and women should use when seeking to attract someone of the opposite sex. Please guys don't send pictures of your wang. It. Doesn't. Work. You need to use your words. By all means be filthy and crude but the most important lesson is to be descriptive. Your words can be like laser guided bombs, delivering pinpoint accuracy military-grade arousal if you want them to be you just need to flick her switch.

When you say something is long and hard and when you say "God it'll make you feel sore" it doesn't matter that you're talking about long division because she'll be thinking of something else. I wish I'd have known this when I was at school I would have paid much more attention in creative writing as opposed to concentrating on different ways that I could deface textbooks with dicks.

When it comes to men however there is a crucial physiological difference to consider. Over thousands of years of evolution part of the male brain (or brain brain as I term it) has broken off into what will be termed the penis brain. Now please don't label me a misogynist for saying that men are smarter for having two brains. They're not. Remember the penis brain broke off like coastal erosion so if anything men are simpler creatures who can be easily manipulated by the female of the species who has managed to keep their brain in one piece.

The penis brain is like the emergency back up system, only it is run by a masturbation obsessed thirteen year old teenage boy. It clearly doesn't work. Brain might be having a few beers and getting sleepy. Penis brain will be "dude I got this" only when you wake up again everything is on fire and penis brain is like "brah sorry, I fucked up again".

Anyway penis brain loves nudes. But you ladies know this that's why it doesn't work like that. As I said you're too smart for us.

So. I'm walking up to the block of flats of this woman and I feel my pulse begin to flutter; not sure what might happen next. I rang the bell for her flat and she buzzed me in. I climbed the stairs to the first floor and knocked at the door.

When it opened she greeted me stood wearing nothing but lacey blue underwear, a white shirt and a smile. Full red lips and deep brown eyes looking up at me.

I remember saying, "Is this a bad time?" Thinking that I caught her changing. "No no hun. I always dress like this around the house. Come in." I felt a little like a fly being led into a spider's web but I can't deny that it wasn't an appealing sensation. It accompanied the throbbing ache in my testes quite nicely as I could feel my manhood begin to engorge.

She led through the lounge to her bedroom where she sat at the head of the bed cross legged so I had full view of her panties. "Well," she said "what do you think we can do?" I sat down on the edge of the bed and looked around the room to survey the scene.

It was pretty obvious given the size of the room and the amount of furniture that was already in it that there was nowhere else for the bed to go.

"You know this bed isn't going to fit anywhere else."

"Oh," she replied disappointedly. "What can we do then?"

I sat there and thought about the predicament we found ourselves in. "Do you have any stockings you can put on?" She said nothing but nodded eagerly and started rooting around inside a drawer before pulling out a pair of very sheer hold ups. Still facing away from me she bent over while slowly sliding the nylons up her legs. 

As my erection strained against my shorts I asked if she shouldn't also put on some heels as well. "Maybe the black patent leather stilettos?"

She obliged and stood there in front of me. "Now what?" I took a moment in order to try and slow my pulse as I knew what I was about to say.

"Well. The only thing left to do is for you to get on your knees and close your eyes." I was surprised when she dutifully did so. I stood up from the bed and positioning myself in front of her unfastened my belt; before pushing my shorts and boxers to the floor freeing myself.

She took me in her mouth with a passion and gusto that I to this day have not experienced. Massaging my scrotum while jerking my shaft she worked the head of my penis with her tongue; all while staring up at me with those big brown eyes. Wet and sloppy, in the very best way possible it felt like I placed my cock into a washing machine on spin cycle. I did not last long.

As I became overcome I grabbed her hair and fucked her pretty red mouth. Grazing the back of her throat, the sound of her gagging drove me over the edge. My body shuddered as I shot thick ropes of hot semen down her throat, her eyes bulging.

"God thank you. Sorry I got caught up in the moment."

"You're fine darling. Im just not used to your size." On her knees, looking up at me. "Can you lie me on that bed and fuck me now please. My pussy needs you to punish it."

Well I am a generous sort of a soul and if I can help then I see no reason to refuse.

Still kneeling in front of me I took her blouse in my hands and tore it open sending little white buttons scattering across the room. Guiding her onto the bed and lying her down I took her blue lace knickers in my hands and ripped them open too exposing her sex to a whimpered exclamation of delight.

With her stockinged legs wrapped around my waist and her six inch heels digging into my back I thrust into her fully. So tight and wet I felt even bigger than in her mouth. 

I dragged myself out slowly before thrusting hard back inside her. The rhythm, slow at first, built her hips pushing to meet me. Each thrust met with a little uh noise. As the pace intensified all I could hear was a continuous "uh uh uh", her eyes wide with lust encouraging me into her. 

She nodded feverishly at me as her body convulsed and her eyes rolled back into her head. I felt her tighten around me bringing me to climax, my hot sticky wad gushed into her punished pussy.

"God I needed that."

"So did I."

***

I found out later that week. Although we didn't get to move the bed we did in fact break it. Well that was one way to solve the problem I guess.