 Leland Taylor strode into Deerborn lodge. His driver, Bradford Smythe, or simply "Brad", had noticeably sweaty palms as the approached the countryside inn. Brad had worked for Leland for almost five years. He was reliable and honest, but Leland always wondered if the man had any fun. He would make it his mission that Brad would finally enjoy his time at Deerborn Lodge.

Brad parked underneath the sycamore that resided near the lodge's entrance.

While Leland walked towards the front door. Brad leaned against the car and removed his driving gloves.

Suddenly a girl jumped down from the tree. Brad yelped and stepped back, "Jeeze, girl. You almost scared the pants off me."

"I sure would have liked to see that!" She giggled, "I've seen you around before, right?

"I am Mr. Taylor's driver, miss."

"My name is Haylie, Mr. Driver." She said.

"Actually, it's Brad." He smiled shyly, "I guess you work inside."

"That's right. I've been here for almost four years. I don't think you've participated in our activities like the other guests." Haylie grinned, "May I ask why?"

"I - I suppose I figured it wasn't my place - nor my money." He said hesitantly. She had begun to step towards him. She played with her long red hair. Brad found himself thinking she was a magnificent example of beauty. "What if I said, this is the right place and I won't send you the bill?"

"Miss, I'm not-" Before he could finish his sentence, she wrapped her hands around his neck and passionately kissed him. When she released him, he felt a new longing for her. Yet he pushed it aside, "I'm sorry." He pulled her off him and ran inside the lodge.

Haylie crossed her arms disappointedly, but then a mischievous smile spread across her face. "You won't get away from Haylie Blossom so easily, Mr. Driver."

Later that night, when Haylie believed the others were in bed. She snuck into the office and checked the books. She discovered which room Brad would be staying in. She hoped her transparent nightgown would lure him onto her. She wore her favorite black brassier and matching panties. 

She was careful when she passed by occupied rooms. She sighed when she reached the door without incident. She took in a deep breath and unlocked the door. When she opened it she could just barely see a figure in the bed. She stood at the edge of the bed and dropped her nightgown. She crawled under the covers with Brad. He was flat on his back. He seemed to be asleep, but she wasn't certain. She eased her hand on top of his groin and began to gently massage his balls. "Wake up, sweetie." She purred in his ear.

"Haylie..." He murmured. She giggled. Could he be dreaming about her?

Brad was back in the car. He looked out the window and Haylie looked back at him. "What are you doing Haylie?"

"I thought we had a date, silly." She kissed him while he leaned out the window. Suddenly they were in the back of the car. He was on top of her naked body, "Take me. Make me yours." 

Brad began kissing her chest. He savored her body with his tongue. He began to feel his cock harden against her thigh. He adjusted accordingly to find her sweet cunt. She grunted when she felt just the tip of his manhood enter, "I hope you have more for me."

"Yeah, baby." He slowly pushed deeper into her. She began to moan as she felt more of his length.

He gasped awake and realized he wasn't alone. She smacked a hand over his mouth. "Shhh... I didn't mean to disturb your dream. I hope it was fun." She softly giggled. He relaxed as he recognized her voice.

"I really want you," he said, firmly cupping his hands around her breasts.

"That's all I wanted to hear." She flung herself on top of him and began kissing him eagerly. He felt his cock shoot up. She noticed and seamlessly began to pull off his shorts. 

He watched her as she took control. Then she threw his shorts away and giggled. She sat on top of him and began to rub her pussy on him. He shut his eyes and groaned, "Stop teasing me."

"Then take me." She collapsed to his side and slid off her panties. He leaned over her and began delicately kissing her neck to the collarbone. He quickly admired her brassier. He removed it for her and the black cups fell apart to release her heavy tits. He kissed in between them and even nibbled her tit. She sighed, and got her legs on either side of him as he adjusted. His hands went under her hips and she felt his eager cock slide between her thighs as it edged into her sticky cunt.

"I want you to remember this night for the rest of your life." He whispered in her ear.

She smiled, "Then what are you waiting for?"

He thrust into her and she moaned loudly. Her hips bucked to help him go in deeply. He slowly thrust and they both felt a swell of pleasure. She braced her chest against his, and occasionally his hands snuck in to squeeze her breasts. She pushed out her chest to make it easier for him as he lovingly drew in and out of her. Their rhythm was perfect as they made love. She always enjoyed sex, but it had never been so spectacular. His thrusts began to quicken just as she felt her climax, and suddenly the pleasure burst forth and together they reached the greatest satisfaction either of them had ever felt. She breathed heavily as he eased out of her and collapsed beside her. She kissed his lips and felt a surge of love. 

"Promise me, you'll never leave me, Brad."

"I promise," He answered and kissed her forehead.