 "What do you mean, one room with two double beds?" Matt demanded.

The receptionist looked worried. "I'm sorry. There's been some confusion. It was supposed to be two double rooms?"

"That's right. That's what I said when I booked the rooms," Matt answered. "Well, give us two double rooms, like I asked." His tall, strong, athletic body was tense with anger.

The receptionist looked more worried. "I can't," she said. "We don't have any spare rooms. Everything is booked up."

Matt argued with the receptionist about the booking, with the rest of us supporting him. This went on until the receptionist looked at their record of the booking and obviously saw that the hotel had made the mistake, not Matt. Her attitude changed from one of indignation to guilty helplessness.

"Oh no," she said. " I don't know what to do."

There were four of us in our group. We had decided to spend a weekend together at the beach, Matt and I, and our good friends, Sam and Amanda. Now all our arrangements were being thrown into confusion. I was so looking forward to the weekend, making love with Matt all night, every night, and relaxing on the beach during the day.

"What about some of the other hotels?" asked Amanda.

"I think everything will be booked up, but I'll try," said the receptionist.

The four us stood around grumbling about fate and hotel booking clerks to one another, while we waited for the receptionist to talk to other hotels.

A few minutes later, she called us over. "I'm sorry. There just isn't anything in town tonight. I can get you two double rooms tomorrow. Oh, I'm so sorry."

"What about to tonight?" I asked, my anger and frustration very clear in my voice.

"There are no rooms anywhere," the receptionist repeated. "All I can offer is the family room. To try and make up for our mistake, we can offer you the room at the normal ordinary double room rate and offer you a complimentary meal at our restaurant."

We all looked at one another.

"What do you think, Jenny? Matt asked me.

"Not much choice really," I said. "And their restaurant has a very good reputation."

"All right," said Matt.

So we took our things to the room. It was nice, roomy, airy with two large double-beds side by side against one wall, about three feet apart. It had a large ensuite with a large shower, which would make getting changed and everything easier, I thought. But that wouldn't make for missing the fucking I had been looking forward to all day.

We cleaned up and then went to the restaurant. The food was truly excellent, as was the service and the wine. By the time we had finished, we had all gotten over our grumpiness and were talking and laughing happily together. We had even forgotten to complain about the booking error.

Bedtime came and we all managed to get into our respective beds with reasonable modesty. I was wearing my panties and a floppy t-shirt. I was lying on the side of the bed nearest to Sam and Amanda, while Matt was snuggled up on my other side. We lay there talking while we watched TV.

Matt stroked my side under the blankets. Suddenly I was incredibly horny, my juices flowing. Damn, damn, damn, why couldn't we have our own room. I so wanted to fuck him, feel his beautiful dick sliding in and out of me.

I lifted my knees to tent the bedding so that Sam and Amanda would not see the telltale movements through the blanket and put my hand on Matt's dick. It was already hard and hot. I squeezed it gently through his underpants, then reached inside to hold its hot, hard, throbbing nakedness.

Matt reached across and stroked my pussy through my panties. I was hard put to repress a moan of pleasure. Together we slipped my panties and his underpants off, trying not to make any movements that would tell Sam and Amanda what we were doing.

I tried to keep up the conversation with Amanda. We had been talking about one of the actresses on TV, but it was becoming increasingly difficult to concentrate.

Again I rejoiced at the feel of Matt's naked dick in my hand and squeezed and stroked it, paying particular attention to the sensitive ridge around his knob. I wanted to suck it. Matt responded by parting the lips of my cunt with his fingers and rubbing his fingertips up and down my cunt, from the opening of my vagina to my clitoris and back. Oh, Jesus, it was so good. Then he slipped a finger inside me and I couldn't resist a little gasp of pleasure as it slid in.

I rolled onto my side to face Amanda and Sam. Matt nestled up behind me, his raging dick pressing between the cheeks of my ass. His hand remained stroking my hot, wet cunt. Oh, but it felt so good, stoking the fires that had been burning in me all day. Amanda, too, was lying on her side, facing me. But she didn't seem to be taking any notice of what we were doing, so I knew we were getting away with it.

Matt guided his throbbing dick into my waiting cunt. I gasped with pleasure, closing my mouth firmly to stop myself from crying out loud. Ever so gently, Matt started moving his dick in and out of my receptive cunt. It felt so good. I think the awareness of Sam and Amanda so close and fucking like this under their noses turned me on even more. I was rubbing my clitoris as Matt slowly, gently, trying not make any obvious movements, thrust in and out. I could feel every inch of his dick as it massaged my hot inner walls, stretching me, filling me in the most delightful way.

I opened my eyes, to see Amanda staring at me. Suddenly I realized that they were doing the same as us. Yes, there was definitely a small, slow regular movement from the blanket as Sam's hips moved. There was no doubt, he was fucking her in exactly the same way as Matt was fucking me. Then, when I looked closely, I could see Amanda's left upper shoulder moving rhythmically. Exactly the same way that mine was as I rubbed my own engorged clitoris.

Even as I recognized the situation, I could see awareness dawning in Amanda's eyes. Together we smiled at each other, thrilling in mutual understanding. Our smiles became laughter of pure pleasure.

"What's up," both the men asked, speaking almost exactly together.

"Look," I said to Matt, nodding my head at the other bed.

"Oh, Jesus," was his response and he pushed his dick harder into me.

All pretense was now thrown aside. I pulled my t-shirt off and watched Amanda do the same, her beautiful breasts exposed to my eyes. Despite our deep and long friendship with Sam and Amanda, we had always been restrained around one another. The most I had ever seen of Sam's tall, slim, strong and athletic body he was almost identical in build to Matt - was clad in a pair of shorts for swimming. I had seen Amanda naked, but only brief glimpses on occasions when we had to change in the same room. It was a body worth looking at, though, I thought. Tall, slim, well-muscled, with high firm breasts. Her long blonde hair and pretty face made her one of the most attractive women I had ever seen. I was proud of my own body and looks black hair in contrast to her, and a taut body. I was proud of my breasts, too. Firm, high and with nipples that became hugely erect when aroused. But I always envied her height.

Matt was thrusting into me harder, no longer trying to hide his movements. It was what my body had craved for and I responded, pushing my backside against him to meet his strokes. His dick felt so good as it slid in and out of my hot, wet cunt. The moans that I had previously muffled leaked out of my mouth. Matt's arm was around me, rubbing my clitoris in the way I loved so much. His other arm reached around and was pinching and pulling at my nipple.

On the other bed I could see the movements as Sam thrust in and out of Amanda and she responded to his thrusts. She, too, was moaning softly with pleasure. Their top sheet had slid down slightly and I could see her breasts with his fingers working on her nipple. It was erect and it was huge. My first reaction was that I wanted to kiss it.

Amanda and I kept watching one another, fascinated, enjoying what we were watching and feeling. I was so turned on and my juices were flowing very hard.

Deliberately, I pulled the sheet down so that Amanda could see my breasts and Matt's fingers that were massaging them so deliciously. The feeling from my nipple seemed to transmit itself direct to my cunt and, impossibly, I seemed to become hotter and even more aroused.

Amanda looked at me, smiling and licking her lips, and pushed the sheet covering her further down. Now I could see her firm, flat stomach with Sam's arm reaching across to disappear under the sheet. It was moving strongly, firmly rubbing over her clitoris in exactly the same way that Matt was rubbing me as his dick pushed in and out from behind.

I was aware of Matt watching Sam and Amanda as well, his head raised up to look over my shoulder.

"That's just so sexy," he breathed.

"I want to see more," Amanda said, her voice low and hoass with sex. "Let me see. Please."

"Oh, yes, please," asked Sam from behind her.

Matt answered for us by taking the sheet and throwing it back to leave us totally exposed to their eyes. He never missed a beat in the rhythm of his fucking.

Sam responded by doing the same and Amanda opened her legs so that we could see clearly.

Her light-colored pubic hair was trimmed neatly into a little triangle above her cunt, while her cunt lips had been totally shaved. Almost like mine, although my hair was black and my triangle was a little larger than hers, making mine much more pronounced against my body. I always kept my pussy lips shaved I found I was much more sensitive without the hair. Matt also said he liked my hair trimmed like that he too liked the feel of my shaved pussy lips, while, in his words, the triangle of pubic hair above my cunt accentuated and pointed like an arrow to the center of my sexuality.

Sam's fingers rubbed over Amanda's cunt, and the hidden pink, pearly bits showed deliciously between his fingers, all glistening with her moisture. I could see the root of Sam's shaft as it pushed in and out and the way the engorged lips of Amanda's cunt moved with his dick, almost as if they were trying to suck onto it.

I opened my legs in a similar way to give them a view of what Matt was doing to me. My whole body thrilled at the exhibition that I was putting on. I had never felt an urge to exhibit myself before, except to Matt, but that was different. Besides I wasn't just putting on a show, I was watching one at the same time.

Matt suddenly swung me round, his strong arms holding me firmly by the waist so that he was now sitting on the edge of the bed with me on his knee, facing Sam and Amanda, still with his dick deep inside my cunt. This brought us much closer to Amanda and Sam and left me open for their inspection. After a moment, Amanda and Sam copied our movements. I could now see wonderfully clearly as Sam's dick pumped slowly in and of Amanda's cunt. She used her fingers to spread her cunt lips to give us a better view. I could see it so well and her cunt was so pretty, pink and gleaming with her fluids. Sam's hard shaft also glistened with her juices, adding to the overall beauty of the scene.

"So pretty," I said.

After watching for a moment, I pulled myself from the bed to kneel on the thickly carpeted floor on my hands and knees so that I could see more closely. Matt followed me, his dick still thrusting firmly in and out of my cunt, his balls slapping against me with every stroke. Now I was looking at Amanda and Sam from less than a foot away. Matt kept fucking me from behind, but was also watching closely over my shoulder. He was very turned on: I could tell from the hardness of his dick, the slightly uneven tempo of his fucking and the grunts and moans he was making.

The sight in front of my eyes was absolutely delicious. Sam's dick was embedded deep inside Amanda's cunt, moving slowly and powerfully in and out. The veins on the side of his dick stood out against the surface and the edges of Amanda's cunt rolled slightly in and out as his flesh massaged hers. His balls hung down in their sack below the point where the two of them were so intimately joined. Just above his dick where the lips of her folds met, I could clearly see Amanda's clitoris, pink, erect, engorged. Suddenly I wanted to touch it: to touch as I knew I could touch it - as I would touch my own - to send shock waves of pleasure spreading through her body.

I reached up with one tentative finger, and with Amanda watching my every movement, slowly, gently, brought my finger tip to her protuberant clitoris. As I touched it, stroking softly, she bucked harder, gasping aloud and gyrated her hips. I stroked more firmly and her movements became even more agitated. Then she was moaning loudly, almost shouting, writhing frantically in Sam's lap as I pressed harder, rubbing. I moved my lips to her cunt, licking first her clitoris, then the whole of her cunt and the base of Sam's dick as it thrust in and out. They tasted wonderful. Then I moved back to her clitoris, sucking it into my mouth, licking it. Her reactions quickly grew stronger, her moans louder. Then her whole body stiffened, and I knew that she was coming. Her orgasm went on and on as I licked at her, softer now, until her body relaxed.

"That was just so hot," Matt whispered as he kept fucking me. "Our turn now." And with that he pulled me back up onto his lap as he sat on the edge of the bed again so that my cunt was displayed as before. I opened my pussy lips as wide as I could with fingers as Amanda knelt on the floor in front of me.

Softly, she reached to touch my clitoris. It was electrifying. She knew exactly what to do. My body took over, delightful tingling sensations ran through me, my hips thrust and bucked and swung wildly. Then she leaned forward and sucked on my clitoris, tongued over the whole of my cunt and the base of Matt's dick. Her long hair swung forward and caressed my inner thighs and the outer lips of my cunt. I was so turned on that each movement seemed to burn like some sort of delicious fire. The total sensation was like nothing I had ever felt before. My whole being seemed to contract into the wonderful sensations radiating from my excited cunt. The tensions built, deliciously, and before I knew it, I was on the verge of orgasm. Matt's dick was thrusting in and out, and I seemed to be able to feel every ridge and part of it as it rubbed so wonderfully over the walls of my cunt. Amanda's tongue was licking over my clitoris and then she started sucking it in and out of her lips. The sensations in my body mounted to bursting point and I came, exploding all over Matt's dick and Amanda's wonderful, wonderful tongue.

I collapsed lying on my back on the bed, half on top of Matt, half beside him, still throbbing from the intensity of my orgasm, with his wonderful dick still buried in my cunt. Now I wanted to suck him, one of my favorite things. I loved the taste of his dick, the feeling as it moved in and out of my mouth, the way it would twitch as he got more and more excited.

I turned over and gently kissed the tip of his dick, marveling as I had many times before at the taste of my own juices which covered it. I licked it and then took the tip into my mouth, slowly licking further and further down the shaft as I gradually took it in as deep as I could. Almost immediately his hips started to buck as he fucked at my mouth, his swollen knob feeling absolutely delicious as it moved back and forth.

Amanda and Sam, I could see, were doing the same, right beside us on the bed. I watched her sucking Sam's dick, while she watched me. We soon started moving together, sucking our men to the same rhythm.

"Swap?" Amanda asked me, taking her mouth from Sam's dick, but still holding it firmly in her hand. "I would like to taste Matt's dick, too."

I didn't need to think before I nodded. I could clearly see that Sam, like Matt, had a beautiful dick: symmetrical, perfectly proportioned, large but too large. Yes, I wanted to suck him too. And fuck him, I realized with surprise.

So we moved around and I took Sam's dick in my hand and kissed it before taking it into my mouth, swirling my tongue around the knob and paying special attention to the sensitive ridge surrounding it. I could taste the blend of Amanda's pussy juices, her saliva and the maleness of Sam. It was gorgeous. I kept sucking while Sam bucked his hips in response.

We had been doing this for a minute or so, when I heard Amanda say, "Your turn now."

I didn't understand what she meant at first.

Then she said, "Come on Sam, you got to watch Jenny and me suck each other when we were fucking. Help me suck on Matt's dick. I know that you'd like to."

"You too," I said to Matt.

Matt's face appeared beside me where I was still sucking on Sam's dick and I relinquished it to turn and kiss him. Our tongues entangled for a moment and then I broke the kiss to move my tongue back to Sam's waiting dick.

Tentatively, Matt moved closer, and then with his tongue tip licked at Sam's hard shaft. Together we licked our tongues up and down the length of it, thrilling in Sam's evident enjoyment of our efforts. Then, as he grew more confident, Matt began to explore boldly with his mouth. I moved down the shaft to kiss the base while Matt took Sam's knob in his mouth. After a minute or so he accustomed himself to its feel and taste and slowly took more and more in his mouth. Sam was responding strongly, fucking back at Matt's mouth. I could tell from Matt's movements that he was also receiving attention that he was very much enjoying.

I moved back to watch and enjoy the display as Matt took more and more initiative. The two men were now into a strong sixty-nine, working hard on each other, their lips and mouths working, sucking, while their hips moved as they fucked each other's mouths, their arms each holding the others' bodies close. They were really getting into it and the sight had a devastatingly strong effect on me. It was one of the sexiest things I had ever seen. They were both playing with each other's balls, brushing softly with their fingertips as they sucked. I watched, enthralled, as their hands wandered further to rub each other's ass.

Amanda moved close to me, her fingers gently touching my breasts, teasing my nipples. I kissed her, my lips parting automatically. I had never kissed a woman before and it was wonderful, different from kissing a man softer and warmer but every bit as nice. And the novelty added an extra thrill.

She responded, kissing me passionately, her tongue touching mine as we explored the insides of each other's mouths. Then she broke the kiss to turn her attention to my nipples, sucking them in and out of her mouth. Oh. God, but she knew exactly how to do it. I responded by doing the same to her, thrilling as her already erect nipples became even more engorged under my tongue, no doubt sending electrifying messages of pleasure direct to her cunt, exactly the same as had happened to me.

Beside us the two men kept sucking on one another, the sight adding to my pleasure. Their movements now were strong, deliberate. I hardly knew what to do. I wanted to keep making love to Amanda; I wanted to fuck Matt and Sam; I wanted to keep watching them; all at the same time.

In the end Amanda and I watched them while we kissed and stroked one another. They rapidly built to a crescendo, grunting, thrusting and then both coming almost at the same time. To my surprise both took the others sperm in their mouth, obviously loving it. Even though Matt had tasted his own sperm often enough, from either my mouth or my cunt, I hadn't expected him to unhesitatingly take Sam's straight into his mouth. The other thing I noticed was how quickly they had come Matt usually had much greater restraint. Sam must have given a really excellent blow job, I thought.
