 "John, look at the time! You better git right now, or you'll be late. Annie would be pissed!" It was Arlene, the office-manager-secretary-exec/assistant, speaking. Annie was John's wife.

John - the business owner- glanced up. It was 4:45. He stood, said to Jason "Damn it, she's right. I have to get the kids from gymnastics. Gotta leave right now - you two will have to finish up. See you again next week!" He grabbed his jacket and almost sprinted out of the office, then sprayed gravel enroute to the street in his big crew-cab pickup. 

Jason, a consultant, had been spending gradually increasing amounts of his time with them - now he drove in from home 90 miles away about two days per week, did other work remotely. He and John and Arlene were all friendly and informal, got along and worked well together. 

She shrugged, grinned at him and said "Guess it's just you and me, partner. Gotta clean up and get out ourselves. At least we got most everything done that we needed to! You just driving home, your usual so-called dinner at some fast-food place on the road?" 

He nodded, retrieving their jackets. Cleanup was one long swipe across the big table: napkins and lunch-trash cascaded into the wastebasket. She unplugged the ever-full coffeepot. 

They left together: she checked the door lock, set the alarm, killed the office lights. 

Outside it was darker than the inside of a dog - dead midwinter at high latitude, no city lights anywhere nearby, and clouds to stop any skylight. The single parking-lot bulb came on when the motion sensor found them. 

Their cars were side by side beneath the bulb. Arlene's auto looked odd: she stepped over to it muttering "What the heck...?" Then "Phooey! Jason, I've got a completely flat tire here! And I know for sure I don't have a spare. Damn!" 

Jason was in no hurry to get on the road, and offered to take it off the car, then they could get it fixed at the closest service-station. She shook her head, said "No, no need but thanks anyhow, that's what AAA is for. They'll come fix it. But could you give me a ride home? I'll call from there. It isn't far, about five minutes max." 

It was actually about ten minutes - two to get out of town, eight more down a sparsely-populated macadam road, then a long gravel drive to an isolated and thoroughly-dark house. Jason pulled up, stopped beside the stairs with his headlights pouring their output uselessly into the void, muttered "Man and boy, it's DARK!" 

Beside him she rummaged in her purse, said "I've got the remote for the outside lights here somewhere." He looked over at her - the blue-green lights from the dash were the only illumination in the car. Her teeth and eyes, reflective surfaces, glittered. She looked up at him and took him by surprise. "Jason, I do believe you were a naughty boy today at the office, weren't you?"

He had no idea what she was talking about, managed only an intelligent "Huh?" 

She smiled at him - he could see that much but no more. In the absolute dark below the dash, her left hand settled on his knee. "I do believe I caught you more than once looking down my blouse, Doctor Jason. Naughty, naughty." 

It was true: she'd worn a boat-necked thing and he'd taken as much advantage of it as possible without being overtly obnoxious or (so he thought) obvious. After all, he did find her totally worthy of such attention - a sort of "plain-attractive" woman, stunning smile, smallish but with a good figure, short curly brown hair, and saucy. Indeterminate age, probably middle thirties. And a considerable if low-key flirt. He'd gotten several good glances at the tops of her bosom today. He blushed into the dark, muttered "Sorry. Hope I didn't embarrass you. Nice boobs, though!" 

She turned to face him even more directly, only her eyes visible, and said "No embarrassment caused. And thank you for the compliment. But Doctor, I'd have a great deal more faith in your compliments if I knew that you'd actually seen what you're talking about." 

She took a long, slow breath and finished almost silently "Care to come inside and see?" 

He was instantly both horny - a condition that was never far away anyhow - and on guard. His hand found hers atop his knee, his fingers located the heavy old-fashioned wedding set, twiddled it gently for a second. "How about this?" he asked softly. 

"My old man left for Florida for two weeks yesterday. A business trip. So he says. Hubby goes to Florida too much to suit me. I suspect he has a girlfriend down there. Combines business with monkey business."

Jason thought for a moment, then squeezed her hand and said "So, is that what this is all about? Tit for tat, so to speak?" 

In the dim light she shook her head. "Some of it is, that's for sure. Sauce for the goose and all that. But the real thing is that I have thought for months now that you are the single sexiest man I've ever run across. Good looks, nice personality, funny as hell when it seems right, hard worker, and brains to spare. Frankly, I get gooey every time I think about you. So - are you coming in or not? Assuming that a bit of delay, won't completely destroy your tight schedule?" 

She led him by the hand up the stairs and inside: the place was warm, the lighting nicely subdued. They stood there inside the door for a second, Jason embarrassed and hugely horny, she almost simpering. "Coats first!" she said, taking both and tossing them onto a sofa. She took his hand again: "Doctor, come with me to the examining room. Or maybe it's the display room?" 

In the bedroom she pulled him around to face her squarely, held both his hands in hers and said "Now. Care to actually SEE what you've been staring at?" 

He nodded, she dropped her arms sideways and stood still, eye-locked with him. His fingers went to the buttons, undid them top to bottom, slowly, steadily. She counted: at the final one she shrugged and the blouse dropped away. His eyes lit up and that pleased her immensely - he liked lingerie and she was wearing a lace special, one of the fine $45 per ounce types every woman wants and few indulge in. 

She reached for the front closure, he batted her hands away gently and said "Mine!" 

She smiled: he was an expert, not the slightest fumble. "Nice to see a man who knows what he's doing!" she whispered as the bra joined the blouse. 

Jason's face broke into an expression of admiration and lustful excitement that flowed over her like warm honey. He nodded, murmured "Oh, yes, indeed! Beautiful!" They were, too - solid, symmetrical, with dark lavender areolas and pert pebble-hard nipples, a beautiful shape and hang. He bent to mouth them, explored, then settled to nurse, adjusting his ministrations minutely as he read her reactions - she could feel him studying her, it was unusual. And very effective - she was suddenly dancing on the edge of climax and he'd not even really begun. She was MUCH hotter than she had thought. Which, she decided, was actually quite a nice thing to be! 

Her hand slid between them as he drove her nearly bonkers with lips and tongue. Her fingers curled firmly around the long bulge of his erection. Its solidity and size boded well. She raised her face towards him, grinned happily and said "Nice! But you've only just gotten started, you know. Would you care to see the rest of me? I'm at your service, Doctor! Please do continue."

They had her naked in a moment - a smoothly contoured and extremely female body, perfect skin, all parts shapely and well-integrated, fine strong muscles underlying the surface everywhere. A gym-buff, he guessed, but with real female padding in all the proper places. She was smoothly, deliciously hairless from the nape down, except for perhaps the densest pubic patch he'd ever encountered. Dense, but neatly trimmed at the edges - "She must wax!" he thought. 

He pirouetted her, studying. "Beautiful!" he said, with real feeling. "A truly gorgeous bottom, one of my favorite bits!" She glowed - it had been a long time since she'd been bathed in such obvious, unadulterated lust aimed exclusively at herself. 

"Now it's my turn to unwrap something. I like opening packages!" said Arlene. "A late Christmas can be lots of fun." She tugged his knit shirt over his head as he kicked off his shoes. Her fingers undid the belt-buckle, gravity took his trousers: he stepped out, kicked them to join his shoes. Tight white jockeys with the tip of his cock exposed above the elastic made Arlene grin happily, made her belly twist violently. She was a pure sucker for white jockeys! With her thumbs she tried to tug them down: they caught on his erection. Better and better, so far as she was concerned. A bit of finagling and the shorts were sliding down, his spring-loaded cock popping free and snapping happily up to stare at her like a separate living being. 

She let her startle show: he was totally clean-shaven, not a pubic hair in sight. A huge contrast to herself. Her hand returned to clasp his shaft and she stood again facing him, head back, lips parted, waiting. As his face approached hers she giggled, tugged on his hardon and asked "So, Doctor Jason, what randy teen-ager did you steal this thing from? God, I do hope you really like to KISS!" 

As their mouths touched he sighed into the disappearing space between them "I could ask the same thing about your boobs, Lady! And yes, you damned betcha I like to kiss." 

Through the several long minutes of that first kiss her hand stayed clamped around his erection. Jason slid a palm down her midline, tickled her navel, slipped fingertips through her dense fur, found her clit bathed in body-oil. She gasped, shifted her feet slightly to give him access, and his finger slipped far up inside her. There it wriggled delightfully - he knew what he was about, he certainly did! 

She broke the kiss, kept her face close to his and said in a hoarse whisper "Doctor, if we're going to do this right, you are simply gonna have to stay for dinner. I'm a good cook."

He was stronger than she thought: a knee-flex, arms around her bottom, and he picked her up, laid her on the bed, spread her knees with his hands. He knelt between her thighs, smiled at her, nodding. "Staying for dinner is more than just okay by me. So long as I get the same thing for dessert as I'm going to have for an appetizer" and let his mouth slide slowly down her midline, across her navel, down over her belly. 

Before he got to her thatch, she caught his ears in her hands, stopped him, and tilted his face to hers, saying "I've been told repeatedly, for years and years, that we just don't do that in this house. So says hubby." 

Jason shook his head incredulously, then gently removed her hands from his ears. "THAT, Arlene, has to be the absolute height of idiocy. But - I'm not "hubby" and it's not my house, so I can change the local rules. Especially the genuinely idiotic ones! Not only can, but will, and hereby DO change them. Lie back and relax - this is all yours. I am going to drive you purely insane. Believe me?" 

She nodded, wide-eyed. 

About twenty minutes later he finally let her breathe again, slid forward, entered her fully. It was like oil on troubled waters, actually calming after the tempest of his tongue and lips. She wrapped him in her arms and legs, managed to say "My GOD! What have I been missing all these years? You've converted me, Preacher!" 

When he rolled them over to put her atop, she sat up and rode him. Hard. 

Later, drowsy and cuddling, her fingertips studied the baby-butt smooth skin of his crotch. It was really quite nice, she thought. She caught his eye, shrugged, smiled, and said "I like you shaved. It's a lot nicer than that darned Brillo-Pad most men carry around. Hubby too - he's pretty hairy generally and awfully hairy here!" She paused. "He's been after me for years to do this to myself for him. Shave. Says it turns him on, even the idea. But he won't reciprocate - I've asked, and he just won't. My guess is he thinks he'd be embarrassed in the gym shower or something."

Jason thought a moment, then said "Would you let ME shave you? I'd like to very much. I do have some practice. Bet you'd like it that way, lots of extra new nerve endings! And believe me, I know for certain that you'll enjoy every little bit of the detailed inspection I have to do before declaring the job finished to my personal specs! Consider the possibilities!" 

She eyed him, then shook her head. "Interesting idea - and just exactly WHAT would I tell Hubby? After all these years of saying "Dammit NO!"?"

Jason laughed. "I see. So, why not make it into a game? Go to the thrift shop, buy several old ties for a nickel each, and be ready - the first time he lays his horniness on you, tell him you want to tie him down - this bed has four posts, so spread-eagle him, naked. Don't say WHY, just let him guess. THEN you take off your clothes and show him a naked pussy, tell him the only way he's going to get any of it is by letting you shave him first. Bet you anything he'll scream and holler and protest, and then agree. Time you finish, he'll have the best hardon of his life, too!"

Arlene giggled, visualizing the scene. Then she shivered violently as another wave of desire and need engulfed her. She kissed Jason long and hard, thinking all the while, then broke and said "OK, mister, I kind of like the idea. I'm just not sure I can really carry it off. SO - if I let you shave me now, you have to promise me that you'll come back next week - you have an eight o'clock here with us on Wednesday, so promise me you'll arrive here, at the house, at about 5 PM on Tuesday, and plan on spending the whole night. I'll do dinner again, and then we can have a full-dress rehearsal. Or maybe it'll be an undress rehearsal? That way I can get it right on Friday when Hubby gets back. Blow his little peanut brain, we will! Agreed?"

Jason nodded, cupped his hand lovingly over her buttocks, and slid his middle finger down the cleft until the tip rested on her anus. She looked at him: he pressed lightly and said "But I have a condition, too. When I come back, we continue exploring. Okay? Trust me? I was right before about mouths, wasn't I?" 

Arlene stared at him, eyes wide, then blushed brightly and buried her face in his neck, muttered "Oh my god, what HAVE I gotten myself into? Okay! I agree to your condition." 

Then she stood up, trotted to the bathroom, returned with a big towel, Hubby's battery-powered mustache clipper, foam and new disposable razor. She laid the assemblage out, lay down on the bed with her legs widespread, giggling hard. 

Jason tucked the towel under her bottom, and with a gentle buzz the clipper mowed a long swath right down her midline: she had a wonderfully prominent mons. The fur fell away like wool from a sheep, not as loose hairs but as a tangled, coherent mat. The foam and steel around her sensitive tissues made Arlene almost frantic with commingled anxiety and embarrassment. And a thick layer of unadulterated lust. But the sensations of Jason's prolonged final inspection, a purely oral examination, were worth every bit of that! 

Afterwards, lying together and glowing, she finally told him that it was - unfortunately - time to head for the kitchen, if she was going to do any cooking. Jason grudgingly agreed, waving a fully-resurrected hard-on at her impishly, complaining that he really wasn't quite finished yet, asking if she'd like to try for four, tying his personal best for an evening. 

She shook her head wonderingly, but before he could sit up, she said "Wait a second. Stay right there." She hopped out of bed, rummaged in her purse, returned and straddled his hips. Gently she settled the velvet tip precisely between her outer lips, just at the opening, pressing but not entering. 

"Here..." she said, holding out a closed fist. "I just thought you might like a little souvenir." 

Puzzled, he held out his hand. She dropped something tiny and metallic into his palm, watched him as he brought it up near his face to look at it. 

An inch and a quarter long, eighth-inch diameter, a complex little mechanism of rubber and spring and plunger. He recognized it instantly - the core from a car-tire valve, the only thing that kept the high-pressure air inside.

"Goddamn! You little SNEAK, you!" He was hugely pleased, tried to say something about it, but lost the ability as she sat down. 

"Doctor Jason, sometimes a girl just has to take ACTION! I knew John would forget his kids and have to leave like he did, in a hurry, if I let him ignore the time. So - how the hell else was I going to get you to drive me home to my dark and lonely house so I could seduce you? I hope you don't mind my little tricks... and YES, I do believe we'll try to tie your record."