 Eva had asked her father's friend, Paul to deflower her and introduce her to the joys and pleasures of sex. Paul, an experienced lover, happily obliged and popped her cherry. Her last words to him before she left were:

"Don't be surprised if you get some confidential phone calls from some of my friends!"

Tina, a shy virgin friend of Eva's had body issues and needed help in losing her virginity. Paul, an experienced lover, was glad to help. His final words to her, after he had introduced her to the pleasures of sex, were:

"You can tell your girlfriends that I'm happy to help and teach them so long as they're over eighteen."

Chrissie and Margie were lesbians and were curious about what it would be like to have sex with a skilled older man. It turned out that they were sexy strippers and gave Paul a very good time while he was initiating them.

His final words were: "That was fabulous, I enjoyed the threesome so much. What the hell? We can do it again anytime you like."

A few days later he had a phone call from Susan, a friend of Eva's. She was obviously very embarrassed and hesitant as she told him that she needed help as she had never had an orgasm. Paul readily agreed to help and invited her round that very evening.

The doorbell rang at exactly 7.30 as arranged and Paul was surprised to usher in not only Susan but her husband Gerry too. He was utterly confused and more than a little worried that Gerry might become aggressive because his wife had made an appointment for sex with another man. However, he appeared calm so Paul offered them both a drink which they accepted. Gerry seemed just as hesitant and embarrassed as his wife and, when Paul asked them what the problem was, neither wanted to begin. Finally, after a long silence Susan blurted out that they had been married for two months and they had had sex several times but she had never had an orgasm. She seemed to think that it was her fault but she told Paul that Gerry believed that it was his fault because he had a very small member. 

Paul listened carefully to what they had to say then he tried to put them both at their ease.

"Firstly, don't blame yourselves. Good sex doesn't always come naturally, sometimes it has to be learned. Secondly, the size of a man's member isn't the only factor that will ensure a woman's satisfaction."

The couple looked very relieved to hear this and Susan asked:

"Will you be able to teach us? I think we would both be much happier if we could both enjoy lovemaking."

"Yes, I'm sure I can help," replied Paul. "I can teach you how to pleasure each other and, if there is no medical reason, you should both be able to have satisfactory orgasms."

"Wonderful!" Susan enthused. "You've given me hope that everything is going to be OK. I love Gerry so much and I really want our marriage to work out."

"OK," said Paul, "but before we start I need to make it clear that I won't be embarrassed whatever you say and do, so you can ask me anything and I will give you an answer to the best of my ability. You can get naked in front of me and I will never say anything to put you down or make you feel bad. I believe that all bodies are wonderful and we should all be proud of what we've got."

"How much do you charge?" Susan asked.

"Nothing at all," said Paul. "I've had so much pleasure in my life from sex that I'm happy to spread the word and enable others to share my knowledge so they can enjoy it as much as I do."

"That's fantastic," Gerry said quickly, "Can we get started?"

"All right," said Paul, "Can you both strip down to your underwear while I go to the kitchen and refresh our drinks, then I'll show you how you can pleasure each other and begin to turn each other on."

When he returned a few minutes later Susan and Gerry were sitting demurely on the couch with their legs together and their arms folded looking very defensive. Gerry was wearing a pair of striped fitted boxer/briefs. His body was tanned and toned but not excessively muscular. Susan was wearing a pink matching bra and pantie set with lacy edges. Her body was slim but curvy with well-developed breasts and rounded hips.

Paul began, "Let's start slowly so you can put each other at ease. Men are usually like a light switch that can be switched on and off. Women are like a fire that needs to be kindled and nurtured before the flame can flare up. Gerry I would like you to ask Susan if she would like a massage of some kind. It doesn't matter where. It can be her feet, her head or her back. Somewhere safe and non-sexual. If she doesn't like massage offer to fix her a drink or offer a snack. Never ever ask her directly for sex because she will very likely say no. Make her a small offer and she is much more likely to accept. Better still, offer her a small menu and ask which she would like. It's hard for a woman to refuse everything."

Gerry looked his wife in the eyes and asked, "Would you like a back or a foot massage darling?"

"Oh yes," she replied, "I'd like both. You can start with my feet."

Gerry smiled and accepted the foot massage balm offered by Paul. He grabbed Susan's foot and began to knead it vigorously.

"Start slowly," urged Paul. "Remember that this is the first course and your aim will be to arouse her. To turn her on."

Gerry responded and was pleased to see his wife relaxing as he massaged her feet as slowly and erotically as he could. Susan was soon purring with pleasure and it was obvious that she was enjoying the foot massage. When he was done with her feet Gerry took the offered body massage oil and was about to squirt it onto Susan's back.

Paul interrupted with some quiet advice. "Squirt it onto your hand a leave it there for a few seconds to warm before you drip it onto her skin. Then slowly and sensuously smooth it over her back. Talk to her and ask if she would like a light smooth massage or a deep firm one. People have different preferences and you always need to connect with her and learn what she likes." 

Paul followed Paul's advice and quietly asked Susan what she would like. 

She replied, "I'd like the gentle touch please."

As Gerry began to massage her shoulders Susan reached behind and released her bra strap so he had access to the whole of her back.

Paul intervened. "See how she's warming to you, now reward her by whispering how much you love her in her ear. Try nibbling her ear lobe gently but stop immediately if she doesn't like it. Kiss the side of her neck while you are massaging her back. The feet, the back, the earlobes and the nape of the neck, these are all erogenous zones and will turn most women on, if you pay attention to them."

Gerry followed Paul's advice and was pleased to see his wife looking happy and relaxed.

"Good, you're both doing really well," Paul enthused. "Continue with the back massage for a little while Gerry, then ask her to turn over. Don't beg, just tell her to turn over in a deep masculine voice. When she turns over tell her that she has great breasts and they really turn you on. Drip some more massage oil into your hand then drip it onto the middle of her chest. You are going to massage her tits but you have to start in a very subtle way. Start by touching her gently in the middle of her chest and underneath the breasts and smooth the oil into her skin around the outsides and into the armpits. Keep well away from the areolae and the nipples. They are extremely sensitive for most women and they need some preparation before you can touch them. Spend some time gently massaging around the outsides and you will be rewarded.

Susan smiled and nodded at this advice and a look of concentration came on her face as Gerry began to massage her breasts. He gently massaged around the outsides of the pert rounded globes enjoying the feeling of her firm, soft young flesh. Paul watched her carefully for signs that she was becoming aroused and when she closed her eyes and sighed contentedly he nodded to Gerry that it was OK to proceed.

Gerry had learned the lesson well and carefully circled the deep red areolae before moving toward the nipples. Paul signalled to him to brush them gently to begin with before gently grasping the whole of the breast. Gerry immediately felt the nipple harden under his fingers and moved on to rub and pinch them to make them harden further. Susan reacted as if she had received a small electric shock and arched her back. Gerry immediately backed off and massaged the whole breast for a while before moving back to stimulate the nipples and areolae. This time Susan sighed with pleasure and opened her eyes to look deep into her husband's eyes and whispered that she loved him. Paul noticed with some satisfaction a small wet patch appearing on the front of her panties.

She sat up and held her husband's head firmly in both hands as she planted a kiss on his lips. He responded by kissing her passionately and soon their mouths parted and their tongues were intertwined. As they kissed, Susan's hands roamed across his shoulders and down the front of his chest. He too jolted with pleasure as she rubbed and tweaked his nipples. 

"Good, that's really good," said Paul. "Now it's time to lose the rest of your clothes and get naked."

Bashfully, they both removed the final item of clothing. She revealed a neat little cleft topped by a narrow landing strip of pubic hair. Her bottom was rounded and tight with two little dimples above. His ass was tight and firm with more muscle definition. His pubic hair was trimmed but not shaved and his intact, uncircumcised penis was rather small, but certainly not a micro penis. His normal sized balls hung below.

"How much do you know about the vulva?" Paul asked Gerry.

"The vul... what?" asked Gerry.

"The external female genitals are called the 'vulva'." replied Paul.

"Oh, I thought it was called the 'vagina'" said Gerry, still a little confused.

"No, the vagina is internal - the love tunnel, if you like" continued Paul. "The vulva is what you can see on the outside and it's more complicated than many men think. If Susan is willing, I'll give you a tour."

Susan nodded her consent and laid back on the couch with her legs instinctively pressed together to preserve her modesty.

"So, what you can see here are the outer lips - her labia" instructed Paul. "Above that, under her pubic hair is her mound. Many women enjoy it if you press gently on the mound. Try it now.

Gerry complied and Susan moaned her approval so Gerry repeated it once or twice to adjust the amount of pressure that Susan enjoyed. She relaxed and her legs parted slightly to reveal the slit. 

"Yes, that's it." Paul continued, "Feedback is good. Always tell each other what you like and don't like. If you do something your partner doesn't like, don't waste time apologising, just remember it and move on. Now, the outer lips are sensitive but not as sensitive as what's inside. Try stroking across her outer lips with the flat of your hand Gerry. Then, if she's enjoying it, you can slip one or two fingers between the lips and slide them up and down. She should be getting wet and slick down there by now if you've been doing it right. Have you taken the time to really look at her genitals?"

"No, I haven't." replied Gerry. "I think she's been too shy to let me have a good look."

"Yes, that's right, it's not his fault." Susan agreed. "In fact, I've never had a good look down there myself. It's hard to see without a mirror and I've felt it wasn't right to inspect myself too closely."

"OK, then I'll give you both a tour." said Paul. "It's very important that you understand each other's body if you are going to give and receive the maximum pleasure."

The couple nodded their acceptance of this logic and Paul fetched a small hand mirror from the bathroom.

He started with: "We all start out the same in the early days of development in the womb before the testosterone kicks in and makes the males change direction. Because of this, just about every feature of Susan's body has its parallel in Gerry's. They just take different forms because they developed differently."

"What do you mean?" asked Gerry.

"Well, I'll show you." replied Paul. "Do you see these outer lips on Susan's pussy?" He angled the mirror so she could see. "Well they joined together to make Gerry's scrotum and you can still see the join right down Gerry's penis through his scrotum and down the perineum underneath. "

They both inspected Gerry's genitals with great interest to verify what Paul was saying.

Paul continued. "Let's start our tour at the top. I've already mentioned her mound and below that is the clitoris. Most of the time it's hidden under its little hood. The hood is the equivalent of the foreskin and it's just as sensitive. In fact the clitoris has more nerve endings and it's often so sensitive that women can't bear for it to be touched until they are fully turned on. That's a big difference between men and women. Below the clitoris are the two inner lips or labia. They too are very sensitive and they can take many forms. Some women have very small thin ones. Others have thick, fleshy ones that hang outside their outer lips. Sometimes they are symmetrical, often one is bigger than the other, sometimes they are pink, others are deep red or brown but all of them are normal. Let's have a look at Susan's."

Gerry leaned in as Paul gently parted Susan's outer labia to reveal the delicate thin pink lips inside. As they watched they flushed a deeper red with brown tips as Paul parted the inner lips and Susan became even more sexually excited. Inside the inner lips Susan's pussy was smooth and glossy and Paul pointed out a tiny hole in its surface. 

"That's the opening to the urethra or the 'pee-hole'." Paul pointed out.

"Oh, I've always wondered how women pee." Gerry blurted out. Then he stopped abruptly to hide his embarrassment. 

"It's OK" said Paul. "Remember that this is a learning opportunity for both of you. There's no need to be embarrassed."

"Yes, that's right." Said Susan softly, "We're both learning here and it's important that we both feel at ease and understand each other's body. There are things I don't know yet about your body but I'm hoping to learn."

Paul smiled, then he continued: "Below the urethra is the opening to the vagina, 'the love tunnel'. Many virgins, but not all, have a membrane partially covering the opening. I see you don't have a hymen Susan which is what I expected as you told me that you two have made love many times. The vagina is like a stretchy tube so it can accommodate just about any size of penis. Another thing you need to know about it is that, on the roof of the vagina there is a slightly rougher, spongy spot called the G-spot."

Neither Gerry nor Susan had heard of this so they looked at Paul quizzically, waiting for him to explain.

"The G-spot isn't all that well understood, but many people think it's the female equivalent of the prostate. What I do know from personal experience is that, when most women are really turned on, massaging the G-spot often drives them wild and can trigger an even deeper orgasm."

"Massaging, what do you mean?" asked Gerry. 

"Sometimes it can be done by the penis during intercourse if you can hit the right spot. But many women need direct stimulation of the clitoris and the G-spot with the tongue, fingers or a toy."

Susan nodded her understanding. "Is that why I haven't been able to have an orgasm?" she asked.

"I don't know," admitted Paul. "There could be many reasons, maybe you weren't turned on for long enough, maybe your clitoris didn't get enough stimulation during intercourse and needs some direct stimulation. If you've never had an orgasm, maybe your body just needs to learn what like. What I can tell you is that I'm just about 100% sure that you can and will have amazing orgasms."

"That's terrific." enthused Gerry as he noticed Susan's lip tremble and a tear in her eye.

Paul continued: "You may be surprised to learn that women have erections too. It's just that theirs are mostly inside. I've noticed that Susan is aroused now so we should be able to feel hers, if we know where to look." Paul took Gerry's fingertip and placed it on the hood of her clitoris. "Can you feel the hard shaft under there? It's just like your penis erection but smaller. In fact, there is lots of tissue that fills with blood when she is aroused. The clitoris gets bigger and often pops out from beneath its hood and it has two 'legs' that extend down inside beside the inner lips." 

"Oh, that felt good." exclaimed Susan. "Can you do it again please?"

"We're working up to it." teased Paul. "We need to get you really aroused first. Gerry, lube the tip of your finger with this coconut oil and massage on both sides of her clit but don't touch the shaft or the clit itself yet. Take it slowly and, when she starts to respond, tease the inner lips too with your fingers before you go back to the sides of the clit."

Gerry willingly complied and Susan angled the mirror so she could watch her genitals being pleasured for the first time ever. This foreplay was obviously a huge turn on for both of them as her vulva turned a deeper shade and Gerry's erection began to fill his penis with blood. He squirmed with embarrassment and tried to hide it.

"It's OK sweetie," Susan whispered to him as she wrapped her fingers around his hardening shaft.

"Yes, it's OK," encouraged Paul, "You're both having an erection and it feels good doesn't it? Susan, you can encourage Paul by pleasuring his cock while he is pleasuring your pussy. If it feels good, do it."

As Gerry continued his delicate massage Susan began to breathe more deeply and moaned with pleasure. Observing this Paul indicated to Gerry that it was time to stimulate the clit directly.

"Oh my god, that feels so good," squeaked Susan. "Don't stop. Yes, yes, just there, keep going."

She dropped the mirror as the first waves of her climax began to wash over her. Gerry looked at her lovingly as he watched her have the first orgasm of her life. As the orgasm began to die away Paul quietly told him to carefully insert a lubed finger and find the G-spot on the roof of her vagina. He found it almost immediately and Susan bucked and squirmed as she felt the intensity of her orgasm reaching a new peak. Paul indicated to Gerry to rub her G-spot with the tip of his middle finger with a 'come hither' motion while he massaged her clit with a finger on his other hand. Susan squealed in ecstasy at the intensity of the renewed waves of pleasure racking her body. 

"OOOOOOOH! That's so good, Oh, oh, oh!" She stopped abruptly as a massive full body orgasm hit her like a huge wave. Gerry stopped too, stunned by the effect his ministrations were having on his wife. As the climax began to die away, Susan began to sob and Gerry looked very concerned.

"It's OK." Paul said soothingly, "It's normal to feel overwhelmed the first time. Just give each other a big hug. I'll go and fix us some more drinks."

He took his time over the drinks to give the couple time to relax and come to terms with their experience. When he returned, they were looking happy and relaxed.

"That was amazing, thank you so much Paul." gushed Susan.

Gerry, already pleased, beamed as his wife asked Paul:

"Now I'd like to give him some pleasure too. Can you teach me?"

"Of course," replied Paul. "You'll need to get him hard again first and I know the way to do it. Let's both have a look at his cock and you can learn how to handle it. First, take hold of it and slide your hand down the shaft to pull back the foreskin."

As the skin slid smoothly down the shaft Susan gasped as the purple mushroom head was revealed. It swelled visibly under gaze and the shaft began to harden in her hand.

Paul instructed Susan to take some coconut oil to lubricate Gerry's genitals. She started at the tip gently massaging the eye then she applied the oil all over the head paying special attention to the frenulum which Paul pointed out on the underneath. The head ended in a coronal ridge then the shaft continued below this as a mucus membrane similar to that around Susan's pee-hole. Under Paul's direction Susan used her tiny hands to slide the foreskin up and down the shaft to repeatedly reveal and cover the head. Susan was pleased to see that Gerry groaned with pleasure as she did this. 
