 The Beach Bar was a long walk and on the way Janine dimly saw guests making out on the beach or the lawn in the dark. In the distance she heard an unseen woman cry out in a long, uninhibited moan of passion and imagined a huge stream of hot, white semen flowing from the body of a man into the body of this woman, filling her up and satisfying for the present the deepest, most basic animal desires of both parties to the copulation. She suddenly realized that she wanted the same thing for herself and that she was wet again between her legs, under the loincloth. 

She reached the Beach Bar, which was just beginning to fill up, got a tall rum drink from the appreciative topless female bartender, who ogled Janine's bare tits and their prominent pink circles. Janine thought the barternder's firm brown tits were cute but she wasn't interested in girls tonight and so she left the bar and hopped onto a stool in the corner to look around. The bar was decorated like a tropical fisherman's hut, very casual and inviting, with loudspeakers hanging from poles. It had open walls to let the breeze blow through and slowly turning fans overhead to ensure that dancers stayed cool. A long bar took up the entire north side and there was a wide shelf running along the other three walls for guests to park their drinks, broken only by the entrances and exits on each side, where baskets of condoms hung. Seating was on tall wooden stools with leather cushions and matched circular tables held the drinks of guests sitting just off the dance floor, in the center. A dj in a corner was playing traditional Island melodies, hauntingly beautiful ballads in Spanish, but he would soon switch to the same familiar dance music heard everywhere in the world. 

To her right, a nude couple bickered. She could hear the woman berate the man, probably her husband, in a whiney voice: "I don't understand you -- it is so dumb. We pay all this money to go to a fancy place surrounded by beautiful men with big dicks and you want to be the only one fucking me with your little wiener and you don't want me to get any from anyone else bigger than you are. That is so dumb. I want to get laid right now." From what Janine could see, the guy's "wiener" looked plenty big enough, so maybe her cunt was loose. She watched as the man grabbed the woman by the arm and pulled her roughly down the steps onto the sand and over to a palm tree, where he shoved her over an overturned boat and pushed himself into her from behind without a condom, with no sign of resistance. What an unpleasant couple! Janine hoped they didn't procreate. 

Her gaze would have returned to the bar when she jumped with a start. She was looking into the eyes of an olive-skinned man standing in front of her, almost between her legs. He made her gush in her loincloth, he was so attractive. His body was muscular and lean, and he had broad shoulders, narrow hips, and athletic, powerful legs. He had curly black hair and his green eyes. His loincloth was pulled tight showing off his very large package and the ends were tucked in on the sides so as not to obstruct the view. Excellent advertising, though Janine, but it would be considered unsubtle in New York. 

"Hi!" said the man, looking deeply into Janine's own eyes. "I think you have the prettiest boobs of anyone here tonight. Can I touch them?" Janine admired the original pick-up line, as unsubtle as his loincloth, and was thankful that her distinctive areolas had finally attracted a guy this good looking. "Can I touch your cock and balls?" She asked in return, to show him she wasn't a pushover. He said sure and they shook private parts and not hands in greeting. 

They talked for a while about the Iznoma Hedonia experience, touching each other, his hands resting on her thighs and hers holding his heavy genitals through the loincloth. She found out that he was from Westchester County. She had no interest in talking about suburban life, however, so she asked him what he did for a living. He answered that he was an aspiring actor trying to get to Broadway but was out of work at the moment. He had come down to the resort to meet someone who could cast him in an adult movie. 

Janine decided that she wanted to talk about that even less, so she agreed right away when he asked "Would you like to dance?" They were only a few couples on the dance floor already and so they danced with abandon, not caring how much space they took up. She noticed with interest how he moved his sculpted pelvis, bending the taut six-pack ripped belly above it and how his package moved between his legs. She hoped that he was noticing how firm her ass was and how her pretty tits bounced. He was. The dj, who might have been watching them, played a few slow dances. His muscled shoulders and chest were rock-solid and when he took Janine into his arms she felt wrapped in steel armor, her full breasts mashed against this tanned chest. His dick pushed into her pelvis through the loincloth when they danced close and soon he dropped both hands to her apple butt and was bending over to feel it up. 

Janine thought this was all very promising. For a moment, her attention was diverted by a yelp -- the unpleasant couple she had noticed before was finally reaching a noisy climax -- and then she settled back to the mood. She impulsively decided to make her own move.

She started by dropping her hand to his crotch and lifting his balls as they hung in the loincloth, feeling the enormous weight of is oversize testicles. She pulled the cord of his loincloth down and underneath his ballsack, so big, long dick and his huge, dangling balls were out and could be seen by everyone. 

When the tempo speeded up, he turned her around and leaned on her back, dirty dancing with his hands around her waist. She felt him grinding his cock on her back and butt and his warm, slick precome smearing on her skin from behind. "You're leaking all over me!" she said to him as he kissed her neck and licked her ear. But she was leaking, too! Her pussy was dripping in her loincloth and just maybe that was what he meant when he whispered in Janine's ear that she smelled as hot as she looked. She felt his hands travel down her hips and the creases of her groin and close in on her cunt. By now he would feel the dampness. She felt him bunch the fabric up and grasp her outer pussy lips from the side with the other hand. Within seconds he had curled a finger into the entrance to her vagina. Everyone was watching them intently. Some of the other guests were doing the same. 

"Let's go outside!" Janine whispered. She did not care about getting away from the boisterous crowd, or the curious eyes watching her get fingered. She just wanted to lie down and get fucked and the only horizontal space big enough here was the dance floor, where they might get stepped on, or the bar but it was full of drinks. 

It might have been the rum but she had suddenly had a mental flash about how she would write about all this. She started to think of his body and her body and what it all meant. She was getting into the mindset she had wished for that afternoon, when she suddenly realized that her story for the magazine should be all about her own reactions and her experience to actually experiencing sex, not observing it or reacting to the libidinous atmosphere of Iznoma Hedonia. She had to experience it herself! Now was the time to do her most important research, through taking ownership of her feelings. This was going to be participatory gonzo pornography! 

Without bothering to rearrange their clothes, Janine led the hunk out of the bar by the penis, as if she were leading her stud bull by a leash, all eyes following them. Janine saw an overturned boat on the beach under a palm tree and headed for it. As they left the bar, the man grabbed a handful of condoms from the nearest hanging basket. Confident, optimistic, and also responsible, but capable of showing submission! thought Janine. Nice combination in a man! 

As they walked down the beach away from the bar, this is what went through Janine's mind:

"This gorgeous man has a very big cock that he is going to push right into my body soon. I am going to be fucked well and for a long time. He will handle my breasts roughly and I will enjoy it, even when he sucks on me so hard it hurts. My cunt is juicing for him and that is a good thing because he will be tight and he will stretch me. 

"There -- I was right. He is kissing me on my neck and shoulders, over my face, and on my mouth, and he is licking my tongue. My hand is still on his cock and I can feel a drop coming out of the eye. I feel very desired, because his body is changing just in anticipation of having sex with me. I am dripping into my loincloth -- I can feel it. 

"Now he is kneeling on the boat to bring his mouth to level with my breasts. He is fondling me roughly, as I thought he would. He is licking my beautiful pink discs. He is sucking my nipples very hard and I feel it in my cunt. His hands are stroking and squeezing me and the nipple he is not tasting he is pulling with his fingers. I wish I could milk right now. Oh, he is standing up again!

"He has pushed me down on this boat and he is standing in front of me with his dick sticking in my face. Of course I want to suck it. I want to taste that drop and the flow coming after it. I am sure that I will also taste his semen before long. 

"I surprised him -- made him realize I had ideas too! When I licked his dick he thought I was going to start sucking him right away. I surprised him by wrapping my tits around his cock and rubbing him. My tits are big enough to hold his cock. They are firmer than Marjorie's and higher than Deidre's and they may be smaller but I have enough to wrap around the side of this man's big cock. He is fucking my tits. I like to watch it slide up and down between my breasts. My breasts look very big when he does that. His little eye opens and closes when he does that. I see another emission coming out of his cock, thin and watery. This man is very good at making precome and it is visible evidence of his desire for me. He has probably come several times today so he is not going to come right away. That is very good because I have plans for this beautiful cock. 

"It is long and hard in my mouth now. His precum glided into my mouth from the end of my tongue and tasted savory and good. I am sucking him and letting my throat relax. I am breathing deeply and I know that my chest is heaving and he likes that. I am pushing down on him and letting the length of him pass over my tongue and into the back of my mouth and down into my throat. He is deep inside my mouth and throat, just like he will be deep in my vagina soon. His balls are swinging below my chin now -- I can feel them touch my neck. His pubic hair tickles my nose. I would like to take a deep breath to smell him but I cannot breathe this way so it will have to wait. I am possessed by his cock but right now I am in control of his cock -- I put it down my throat. I am feeling a little lightheaded -- it is time to stop and take a breath. I am going to do it again, several times, but first I want to lick those enormous balls that were knocking under my chin, the balls that right now are making sperm because his body wants me. They taste masculine and powerful, like the clean sweat of an athlete or dancer. It makes me wonder how his semen will taste. 

"He has put his hands under my arms and is lifting me up from the sand. He has taken off my loincloth and thrown it on the ground but left the cord around my hips. I am leaning back and now lying on the overturned boat. This man is clever -- he has put my butt where the boat comes to a point at the bow he has and so now my pretty pussy is spread wide and available to him and my legs are down at the sides. Now he will show me how generous he is. If he drives his cock hard into me right away, he is selfish and concerned with his own pleasure and I will feel possessed and ravished by a dominant male. If he takes time for my pleasure, I will feel caressed, secure, and seduced by a caring love partner. 

"He is licking me -- he is taking time for my pleasure! His tongue is lapping up the wetness at the entrance to my cunt. I am making more because I am so aroused. Now his tongue making circles around the hood of my clit -- he is staying away from my pearl for now. But I still feel the movement and the little feelings as they pull on my clit. From time to time he goes back to my entrance and licks out the fluids that I have produced for him. Ohh -- now he is back and he has stopped toying with my clit. He is sucking it into his mouth! I feel his tongue on my pleasure and he put his finger in my oh this is so good and he is rubbing at the top of oh fuck it feels like he is oh oh"

Janine's mind went blank for a few minutes during her long, satisfying orgasm and the bliss that followed, during which the man freed his big cock and balls entirely from the loincloth, pulled on one of the condoms, and mounted her, bracing his feet on the sand and thrusting into her silky, wet pussy, which had sprung back to its nice tightness in the hours since Carlos stretched her. It took him four thrusts to get all the way in, each of which felt magnificent. Janine moaned and started to come around to awareness again, feeling this welcome intruder tunnel into her vagina. 

"This talented man is fucking me in the best way. He is angling right where I like it and pushing in and out to rub that place with his length. My cunt is his but he is doing it right for me. He is bent over kissing my tits -- he sucks on me. My clit is being pulled up and down by the action of his thrusts. My whole pelvis feels stuffed and vibrating. I am building up inside. He feels so good sliding in and out of me. I need relief to come soon. He is licking my neck. He is going to make me come again! His cok is long and uh I push up he garg"

Janine floated away on another peak, mind again erased blank as she felt him buck his hips above her and push in hard. He was coming, she knew, but all she could think of was pure pleasure and the image of his rich creamy semen shooting into her. 

They came back down to earth together and the man lay on top of her, supported on his elbows, for the longest time. His dick softened after a long time and Janine could feel it slide out of her tight passage. The man stood up and started to pull the condom off when she said "Wait! Bring it over here. I want to taste you!"

The man knelt by her head and pulled the condom off over her face. A big glob of come dripped out and fell onto her cheek and then another hit her neck. He brought his now-limp dick to her lips now and she sucked him into her warm, inviting mouth, playing with it with her tongue. Janine now knew how he tasted and it was very good. 

After several minutes, the man's dick was still soft. It was obviously done for the night. Janine released him from her mouth to let the man stand up. "Wow," he said. "I've come five times today. I didn't know I could do it. I think it was your tits."

Janine was happy to take credit but just then she wanted to lie there on her back a bit longer, listening to the ocean and feeling the final tingles in her pussy. So they said good-bye and the man started walking back to the hotel, nude, soft cock swinging, not bothering to look for his loincloth. The remaining condoms were scattered on the sand next to the boat. Janine's legs were still splayed by the bow of the overturned sailboat hull and her feet were firmly on the sand. 

She must have dozed for a few minutes because when she awake another man was standing in the moonlight looking at her naked body. He was tall, imposing, and thin, with long fingers and a long, thin cock dangling visibly below the hanging front of his loincloth. "You are a beautiful sea creature, washed on the beach!" he informed her with a laugh, in a deep, masculine voice. His eyes took in her entire body but lingered on her fine tits. 

"I swam ashore to deposit my eggs in the sand," she said deadpan, remembering her zoology class in college. 

"Then allow me to fertilize them," said the man, pulling off his loincloth. Despite the joke, he leaned over to pick up a condom pack lying on the sand. Janine was only too happy to receive a third man that day because she felt an itch in her cunt and a new sense of whorish sensuality. She wanted to see where this wanton promiscuity would lead her, at least within the libertine but protected atmosphere of Iznoma Hedonia. 

The tall man with the long cock did not wait, as he could see from her glistening, relaxed and slightly gaping pussy that Janine was not in any need of foreplay. While she lay there unmoving, he crouched and mounted her in a single thrust, causing her to yelp and arch her back when she felt the crown of his long penis slide across her cervix until he reached her depth, high up in her welcoming vagina. The man settled onto his elbows above her, the upper part of his manly chest in front of her face making her feel protected and dominated, and started to fuck her. 

It was a languid, relaxed, easy fuck, at least at first. He took his time pulling out of her, letting her enjoy the full length and then he would thrust back in a long slide. Janine felt every inch even though she knew she was much looser and wetter than usual. It was a new sensation and that is what she wanted. She started to feel more energy in their coupling and lifted her legs and wrapped them around his hips. He started to thrust a little harder and she could feel the weight of his swinging ball sack hitting her butt with more force now. She started to meet his thrusts by raising her pelvis up, lifting her lower body off the boat an inch or two. She raised her hands to his chest, but instead of pushing him away she followed his body up and down as he started to pound into her forcefully. She relaxed into it, enjoying being taken a little more roughly than before, feeling her butt skid on the smooth hull of the boat from the thrusts, her mind turning over half-formed, unfocused images of sea turtles and warm sea water full of sperm and fertile eggs until she felt herself tip over the edge. 

It was deep, long, slow orgasm that seemed to come from deep in her pelvis and made her pull him closer and deeper into her with her legs until he was grinding against her clit and at the same time she could that he was all the way in deep inside her. The muscle contractions in her belly felt intense on top of the slight soreness she already felt from her earlier fucks that day. Her climax triggered his and he bellowed and arched his back, pushing into her at the same time she was pulling him in, bucking his hips and grimacing, lost in the sensation of his semen flowing and filling her up, ignoring for a moment the condom that was protecting them from their own fertility and impulsiveness and promiscuity. 

She rode the wave all the way and moments later he exploded inside her, rigid as a board over her while she rocked her pelvis upwards to keep him going as his semen flowed into her, or at least into the condom inside her.

This time it took both of them several minutes to get over their orgasms and clear their heads. The man slipped out of her and dropped down to lick Janine's beautifully erotic breasts, with their prominent pink discs, and suck on her generous nipples. She happily paid him back by sucking on his limp cock after pulling the condom off. She was enjoying the aching feeling deep in her pelvis, muscles sore from repeated orgasmic contractions and exertion. Thank heaven she was multiorgasmic, she thought. She usually only had a couple in a night with her old boyfriends, although she could pull out a couple more with the men she picked up at bars, because the idea of promiscuity excited her. 
