 Sean rushed through the doorway, crossing the front path in seconds, before grabbing Jenny up tight in his strong embrace.

"Jenny! Oh, you have no idea how much I've missed you." Jen had been in the south of France for the best part of four months, working as a volunteer at a childrens home there.

"Sean! Sean! I can't breathe! Not so tight!" she gasped in reply.

Relaxing his grip he allowed her to breathe again. "Sorry, it's just that I've been so desperately waiting to see you again. You've been away so long, and I've barely a day goes past when I haven't thought of you"

"It's okay, it's okay. I'm here now. I missed you too, even though I was away doing all these incredible things, I still missed home and my friends."

Sean's heart sank. It was the reminder he hadn't wanted. Jenny had never felt the same about him as he did for her. She'd always just seen him as a friend, whereas in his mind he saw her as a lover. Foolishley he had hoped that absence would have made her heart grow fonder, but that obviously wasn't the case. Holding her out at arms length Sean once again stared deep into her green eyes, looking for a hint of returned emotion, but only found joy, not love, contained there.

"What's with the arms then?" Sean said with a grin, running his hands down her arms from her shoulders, catching her hands in his.

"What? Oh, you mean the muscles? Well, we spent the best part of three weeks demolishing a wall around the courtyard of the place and shifting the rocks off to where they could be picked up. These were kind of a bonus extra to the whole job." she replied, grinning as well.

"Come in, come in, grab a seat on the sofa, and I'll grab a couple of drinks. I want to hear all about it. Every last detail" he said, gesturing towards his flat

They talked for hours. She'd done so much out there, it nearly blew Seans mind. So many great things for so many people, and all because Jen just wanted to help. She'd always been the one to go out of her way to aid someone, even for the smallest of things, so it hadn't really been a surprise when she'd announced she was going to do a gap year before university, and spend some time abroad. Neither glanced at the time until at a slight lull, Jen had glanced at a clock. "Oh my God!" she cried "It's gone three in the morning. There's no way I can creep back home tonight, not without waking my parents."

"Don't worry Jen, I've got a spare bed you can use. It's not much cop, the springs are slightly dodgy on it, but it's passable"

"Are you sure I won't be bothering you?"

"No, no way. You know my flat is always open to you." "Well.. If you're sure..."

"Jen." Sean replied with a groan, rolling his eyes.

Sean barely got any sleep, his mind and eyes kept wandering towards where Jen was sleeping, a peaceful expression on her face, every feature was engrained upon his memory, each delicate curve causing his heart to flutter once again. Before he knew it the sun was rising and Jen started stirring on her bed. Sleepily slipping into his bathrobe, Sean crept out the room, trying not to disturb the sleeping beauty. "Oh," he thought, "for her to be Sleeping Beauty whom a kiss on the lips would wake her and win her heart."

He was in the kitchen sipping on a mug of coffee when she slipped through the door and sat down opposite him, massaging her shoulder. Her dusty blond hair was a mess, roughly swept back behind her ears, falling just short of her shoulders.

"Morning, any in the pot for me?"

"Sure, help yourself if you want." Sean shuffled anxiously in the seat, trying to hide the tenting of his robe under the table. She was wearing one of his spare bathrobes, and being fairly loosely fastened was providing a rather revealing view of her body, not quite revealing everything, but certainly showing a lot more flesh than she probably realised.

"Did you get much sleep" Sean asked, taking another sip of his coffee, desperately trying to keep his gaze away from the her front.

"Oh, pretty much. You were right about the springs being shot though, my shoulder is locked stiff."

"Maybe I could help, I could massage it for you?"

"Sean, you've no idea how much I've missed your massages. Feel free."

Slipping around behind her Sean started to rub into her muscles, which were nicely knotted, but the bathrobe was too thick and was getting in the way. The view down the front was exquisite though. He could see the darkening of skin at the end of one breast hinting at a nipple tantalisingly out of sight behind the edge of the robe.

"Jen, could you just slip the shoulder of the robe off?" please, please reveal more, please, please he prayed desperately.

Obliging, Jen slipped it off, but pulled the robe tighter, obstructing most of his view. Damn, damn, damn. I should have kept my mouth shut. Damn. Gently, he started working at the knots, persuading the muscles to release, each rub eliciting a slight sigh from Jen. After a few minutes he'd worked most of them out, and he began to slow down and lighten the massage, savouring the feeling of her soft skin under his hands, allowing her to relax until the final knots were gone. Impusively, he leaned down and kissed her shoulder. When he got no reaction, he lightly kissed the small of her neck, a faint gasp escaped her mouth. Dare I go any further? She'll kill me if I over step the line! Tentatively, he kissed her jawbone, then her ear lobe. With each kiss her head turned towards his, until all he could see were her lips. This is it. It's now or never. He kissed her lips. Gently, then pulling away slightly, awaiting her reaction. She kissed him back. YES! He kissed her again, harder this time, years of love, of desire, expressed through the touch of his lips on hers.

Breaking away from the kiss, he pulled her chair back away from the table, slipping his arm underneath her legs, then swept her up into his arms. Kissing her again, he carried her through to the bedroom, and laid her down on his bed. He undid the tie from around her waist, allowing the robe to fall back against the bed, revealing her all to perfect body. He'd dreamt of this moment for as long as he could remember, but nothing compared to the real thing. Her fair sized breasts (he'd once stolen a glance at one of her bra's in her bedroom drawer and knew them to be a B cup) resting against her chest, her tits standing proud to attention, her toned stomach, the graceful lines of her waist drawing the eyes down to the untrimmed mess of blond hair around her sopping pussy. As he gazed in admiration, she sat up and undid his robe, pushing it back off his shoulders, allowing his cock to stand free. He allowed her to pull him down onto his knees, then guessing her desire, he pushed his head towards her crotch, reaching out with his tongue to gently tease her, lightly flicking it around her lips, then dipping it inside her, the out again flicking across her clit, then back in again, deeper, faster, harder, enjoying the taste of her wet pussy. Lightly at first and then harder, and harder, she pulled his head closer, until with a cry she shook sending a wave of juice rushing out over his mouth, which he greedily swallowed. Laying down beside her on the bed, Sean began to trace her delicate frame with one finger, starting at the face, then slowly working his way down to her shoulder, along the edge of her breast, watching as her skin goosepimpled. Down further still he went, dipping lightly into her dripping pussy, then bringing his finger up to her mouth allowed her to lick it clean. Rolling even closer towards her he lent over and kissed her left breast, teasing with his tongue until her nipples were hard, playfully biting them. Then quickly, he rolled on top of her as she parted her legs, his cock slipping in easily between her pussy lips. Starting slowly, he began to drive his cock in and out of her pussy, her legs wrapped around his back, pulling him harder and faster with every stroke, in raw animal passion. With a loud cry he climaxed sending hot jism inside her, and as he withdrew, across her breasts and stomach. Jen reached down and scooped some up on one finger, slipping it suggestively into her mouth sucking it clean. With one hand she idly gestured to him to clean her breasts. Sean hesitated. He'd never tasted his jism before, but as he told himself, he expected her to like it! Leaning forward, he kissed the nipple on her right breast, then worked his way up with light butterfly kisses. Each kiss brought a fresh amount of jism into his mouth. Surprised, Sean discovered he quite liked the taste. Hungrily he licked up any remaining, before kissing her hard upon the lips, freshly aroused. Slowly at first she kissed back, then more passionately as she became aroused. Suddenly she stood up, pulling him towards the edge of the bed, her eyes locked on his freshly erect cock. Tilting back he allowed her to straddle him, her legs wide as she impaled herself on him moaning as she did so. As she started pumping up and down, Sean saw her breasts bouncing up and down infront of him. Leaning in closer, he took her hard left nipple in his mouth, biting down on it, Jen screaming with pain and pleasure, pumping herself faster and faster. Continuing to suck and bite on the nipple, he took her right breast in his spare hand, massaging that one, pinching the nipple at the same time as he bit her other one. Something wet suddenly shot down his throat. With a start he realised that it was breast milk. Hungrily he sucked harder and harder, each squirt gaining an extra moan from her, her right breast squirting on the bed and over his chest. Suddenly, she pulled his head in tight to her chest as she screamed and orgasmed. Still she kept pumping, till he could hold it no longer, and came himself, shooting wave after wave of sperm into her.

Collapsing back in the bed with her, he kissed her again, before laying back to lovingly caress her body

He woke with a start. Staring at the sleepig face of Jen. She was in the spare bed. Looking down at the bed spread, the only stain he could see was from an ejaculation he'd had whilst asleep. SHIT he thought to himself. That was so goddamned real.

Getting out of bed, and slipping into his dressing gown, he crept down to the kitchen and made himself a cup of coffee.

He was in the kitchen sipping on a mug of coffee when she slipped through the door and sat down opposite him, massaging her shoulder. Her dusty blond hair was a mess, roughly swept back behind her ears, falling just short of her shoulders.

"Morning, any in the pot for me?"

"Sure, help yourself if you want." Sean shuffled anxiously in the seat, trying to hide the tenting of his robe under the table. Just like he'd dreamed she was wearing one of his spare bathrobes, and being fairly loosely fastened was providing a rather revealing view of her body, not quite revealing everything, but certainly showing a lot more flesh than she probably realised. His mind filled in the details, flickering in with images from his dream of fucking her. Deja vu?

"Did you get much sleep" Sean asked, taking another sip of his coffee, desperately trying to keep his gaze away from the her front.

"Oh, pretty much. You were right about the springs being shot though, my shoulder is locked stiff."

"Maybe I could help, I could massage it for you?"

.......