 So, I ran into an old friend from high school the other day. I was at a local bowling alley/bar that seemed to be overly crowded for a weekday. It is summer however, so I guess that explains it. All the lanes were taken so I decided to head to the bar area and take one of the two empty stools that were left.

I had just ordered my drink when someone asked, "Is this seat taken?"

Thinking it was a line, I was going to tell the man that my boyfriend just went to the bathroom, but when I turned to tell him, I saw it was Eric, a guy I went to school with and had a crush on. He had the same smile I had found irresistible in school, but his hair was longer.

"Eric! Oh my gosh! How are you? No, it's ok, have a seat!"

"Can I have a hug first?" he asked kind of chuckling.

So I stood up and wrapped my arms around his neck and we hugged. He squeezed me tight and it sent shivers down my spine. I was thinking of how in school I would have died to have on of his hugs. After he released me, he sat down and we started talking about 'the good ole days' and then I turned the conversation to the present.

"So, tell me, how are things going with you and your wife?"

"Well, honestly, things are kinda shaky. I mean, things are ok I guess."

"You don't sound very convincing."

"Well, I just don't know how much I should say. How much you want to hear."

"Eric, sweetie, we've been friends a long time. We may not have stayed in close contact, but you know you can tell me anything."

"I'd really like to talk to you, but here's not a good place. We need somewhere quiet, where we can talk without everyone hearing us."

"Well, I'm up for that. You know I'm a good listener."

"Ok. I'm actually here in town because a friend of mine is on vacation and asked me to feed his fish. We could go to his place."

"Sure, let's go. Just let me settle up with the bartender."

"I got it. It's the least I can do 'cuz I'm about to talk your ear off."

So he paid the tab and we left. Turned out his friend's place wasn't too far away. Eric unlocked the door and led the way inside. We went over to the couch and sat down.

"Ok bud, spill." I said as I sat down next to him.

"Where to start?" he said rather sadly.

"Just tell me what's wrong or what's right?"

So then Eric spilled everything. Telling me how for the most part things in his relationship were satisfactory but it seemed that things could be so much more. As I listened to him, I inched closer. Not even meaning to. At one point, I noticed I had moved close enough that our knees were touching. Eric kept talking as if he didn't notice. There was one point where things seemed to be really difficult so I reached out and held his hand and put it on top of my knee. He noticed that. It caused him to stumble a little.

When he stopped talking, I reached up to touch his cheek. "Well, I will help you in any way I can you know. ANY way." I said as I squeezed his knee.

"I appreciate that" he said and he leaned in to kiss me. A soft, tentative kiss that deepened when I didn't pull away.

He pulled back a little shaky and laughed nervously. "I'm sorry. I shouldn't have done that. I was just touched by your concern."

"There's nothing to apologize for Eric." I said as I slid my hand behind his head, grabbing a handful of his wavy hair and pulling him forward for another kiss. He didn't resist.

This time the kiss was deeper, more passionate. He reached up and got a handful of my own hair and pulled me closer. He felt like he was trying to climb down my throat. That feel of need and desperation. Here was a man who was starving for something and I was willing to feed whatever need it was.

While his one hand in my hair held me in place, his other hand reached up and started squeezing my breasts. I let out a little moan in his mouth and then he did the same. All of a sudden he let go of me and pulled back. I thought he was having second thoughts. But then he reached out and yanked at my t-shirt. He pulled it over my head roughly and the started kneading my breasts again. Then he reached around and unhooked my bra and threw it to the floor. In a rush, his mouth was upon my breasts, his tongue teasing my hardened nipples.

While he bit and teased on nipple, he reached up with his hand and started pinching the other. I ran my fingers through his hair. "Oh Eric," I said as he bit down. "Harder Eric, harder." He did as I told him and I was in ecstasy. 

Then Eric lay me back on the couch. More like pushed me back. His hands went down my stomach to my waist and unfastened my pants. He then yanked down my pants and panties at once. After he pulled them completely off, he spread my legs so that one was bent up on the couch and the other was over the edge of the couch.

He leaned in to kiss me again and pinch my nipples harder. He slid his hand down between my legs and rubbed my mound. "You're so wet already" he said as he slid a finger inside my slit.

As he rubbed his fingers up and down, I started to squirm just a bit. He started rubbing my clit faster causing me to let out another moan. Next thing I know, Eric was on his knees on the floor between my legs and he buried his face where his fingers had just been. When he started tonguing my clit, I nearly lost it. When he bit my clit, I did. He stayed right there and lapped up the juices that were flowing. And when he slid his fingers inside my pussy at the same time, he made me cum again.

He sat up, wiping his face and grinned. Then he stood up and took his clothes off. His hard cock sprang to attention. I smiled and when he came near me, I grabbed his sac in my hands and started to squeeze. Then I took his cock in my hand and leaned in and started to lick the plump head, making sure to pay attention to his 'button hole'. It was Eric's turn to moan.

I started to suck his cock in earnest and could feel his sac tighten. He pulled out of my mouth and came up between my legs pushing me back on the couch again. He kissed me hard and deep and then started kissing and sucking on my neck. I pushed his head against my neck urging him to suck harder.

"Bite me Eric. Bite me hard."

He did and I was in heaven. "Harder still, please...I need harder. I don't care if you draw blood, just harder!"

He started rubbing his cock against my slit and when he bit down harder, he rammed his cock in me. That sent me over the edge! What a feeling! Pleasure from pain. I came all over his wonderfully hard cock.

After he had me that way, Eric got up and helped me change positions. "I want to fuck your hot pussy from behind."

I got on my knees on the couch, arched my back and Eric shoved my shoulders down. He started to show what he wanted.

"Gee, are you going to spank me too?" I asked jokingly.

"But of course my dear heart." he said as he landed the first slap across a cheek.

Then he slapped me again and his hand landed across my cheeks and my exposed pussy. "ooooh, do that again, but harder!"

"You like that do you?" he asked as he slapped me harder several more times.

"Hell yeah!"

Then he reached down between my legs to play with my clit. I was squirming so he slapped my ass again. He shoved his thumb in my pussy as he finger fucked me. Then he slid his cock up and down my slit and shoved it inside me.

"Oh yes!" I yelled. "Yes baby. Just like that!"

Next thing I knew, he grabbed a handful of my hair and held on while his hips ground against me. Then he started thrusting in and out. Nice and hard.

"Oh yeah, fuck me Eric. Fuck me hard!"

He pulled on my hair pulling my head back some while he rode me. "Play with your clit for me baby."

So I reached down and started to rub the hardened, swollen nub. And I moaned loud and long. His glorious hard cock going in and out, his sac hitting the sensitive spot, my fingers working in time to his thrusts.

"Oh, hell yeah!"

*Smack* He spanked me again. Hard.

"Fuck yeah! Come on baby, cum with me!"

"Where do you want me to cum baby?" he asked I could barely talk, "In....side....deep....inside....me."

He started thrusting harder and faster and spanking me.

"Oh man, I am so close."

"Yeah, yeah, give it to me baby."

He grounded, squeezed my ass hard and we both yelled out as we came together.

I collapsed on the couch and Eric collapsed on top of me and as we lay there, the door opened and in walked his friend Khris.

"Well, well, well. Just what are you feeding my fish Eric?" he asked with a wicked smile on his face.