 Dee Dee's boss stakes his claim on her as she pays for her sins. See Chapters 11 and 12 for background. Votes and feedback are very much appreciated.  

"So, what did ya' think of Benjie?" asked my new roommate, Claudia, as we sat in the breakfast nook having coffee and rolls. 

"Hmmm?" I inquired dreamily, as I scanned the entertainment section of the morning paper. "Oh! Your brother? He's a very sweet young man, like you said."

"It sure sounded like you approved of him this morning at about 5," she grinned, devilishly. "I've never heard anyone scream so loud during a climax!"

"You were listening!" I accused, not telling her that I'd spied on them while they'd fucked incestuously a few hours before that in her room.

"Hey! Why is it a problem!" she said. "Ya' didn't seem to mind our threesome last night! An' I saw you sneakin' a peek at us in my room after. Ya' know what they say about West Virginians...'everything's relative!'"

I hadn't minded our threesome at all, and was surprised that she was so at ease with her taboo relationship with Benjie. For me, the whole evening – fuelled by the drug, Ecstasy – had been fantastic. Though I'd been hurt when Jack had rebuffed me after dinner and gone home early, I'd happily used Claudia and her twin brother as substitutes to scratch my sexual itch until at least midnight. And I was flattered...and very satisfied...that Benjie had made a surprise visit to my bed – alone – before he'd left at dawn to catch a plane.

But I still hungered for Jack's love, and was hopeful that he'd drop by later today, as he'd said, to wrap up the remodel project. The work crew – Rogelio, Mario and Pedro – were already putting finishing touches on the backyard gazebo and hot tub they'd built. Sergei, the Russian foreman, and Billy, my young neighbor, helper – and sometime lover – were going to be at the lumber mill most of the day, supervising the finishing of wainscoting that would decorate the old walls in the dining room. Installing that would mark the end of the project. 

And I was looking forward to a day of relaxation, that is, until the phone rang. It was my boss, Dr. Neil McCarthy, whom I hadn't seen since Thursday night, after my successful membership audition at his sex club. "Dee, apologies for calling on Saturday, but would you mind dropping by the office later this morning?" he asked. "There are a few things we need to discuss about your new Club membership."

"Sure," I said. "I need to dress and all, but...how 'bout noon?" I asked, to which he agreed.

I hung up, smiling to myself. He couldn't wait 'til Monday, I thought privately, the day he'd said we'd have lunch. I wonder if he's gotten back his courage, after refusing my invitation to come in and "talk" late Thursday night when he'd dropped me off. Claudia noticed my ruminating grin.

"Why the smirk?" she asked.

"Oh, noth-thinnng," I said, trying to hide my glee while cleaning the table and putting the dishes in the washer. "Have to go to the office. Shouldn't be too long, 'cause Jack said he's coming by later."

"Well, I'm gonna get some sun," she said, as I trotted up the stairs to shower, which took just a few minutes. 

Making myself up and dressing took longer. I chose a pink stretch lace dress made of nylon and spandex. It had a wide, deep V-supported bust which showed some bare breast cleavage. Otherwise, it covered my shoulders, had a high back and short sleeves, and rutching under the bosom, which hugged my middle and accentuated my tits. The lacy skirt portion fell a ways below my waist, stopping just above the knee, and had a scalloped lace hem. Except for the sleeves and six inches above the hem, it was fully lined. If it hadn't been, it would've looked like I was wearing some version of a pretty, very revealing fishnet. I didn't need a bra with the dress's supported bust. And I decided – calculatingly – against panties, as well as stockings, preferring instead to let my olive thighs tempt my boss's eyes through the lower part of the skirt, and contrast with the overall light pink color. To match, I wore flat, pink, Roman-type sandals that laced up past my ankles to my calves. 

Dark brown brows and eyelashes, a graduated blend of sparkly maroon-to-pink color on my upper lids, and pink lip gloss completed the makeup picture. You're an innocent looking Italian girl, Deirdre, I told myself, quite aware of being the opposite. I remembered the dirty, carnal promises I'd made to Dr. Neil – in the throes of our passion – the week before when we'd coupled on one of his office dental chairs. 

One last stop in the bathroom to pee and I'd be off. As I finished, I glanced through the window down to the backyard where Claudia had just crossed to lie on the chaise. The three Latino workmen had stopped hammering nails and, nudging one another, were watching the girl's pale, outrageously curvy body stroll past and recline on the sun chair. She was wearing a bright red tank top, cropped perhaps two inches below her bust line, and a pair of white, hip-hugger short shorts that showed the deep gluteal dimples above her ass. Her nipples stood out prominently, indicating – as always – that she was minus a bra. The conservative housemother in me caused me to open the window and call to her: "Claudia! Could you come up here, please? I need you for a moment." She looked up, shrugged, and traipsed across the yard to the backdoor to come upstairs as the workmen made obscene, hip-thrusting gestures with their bodies in her absence.

"Honey. Do us both a favor and put on a bra," I said. "These guys aren't used to seeing such...," I tried to put it politely, "...a woman with such a beautiful, tantalizing body."

"Okay, Dee Dee," she said, seemingly oblivious to her looks. 

As she went to her room, I heard a ruckus in the yard and turned again to the bathroom window. Billy had left his black Great Dane, Thor, behind and the dog had mounted a neighborhood Labrador Retriever, apparently in heat. The smaller dog was yipping its joy as Thor's hind quarters humped away rapidly, and the workers were laughing and egging them on with cries of "Arriba, pero negro!" and other such things in Spanish. 

I wasn't about to let Claudia go down there alone while that was going on, so I called, "Claudia, when you're decent, come help me in the backyard!" I bounded down the stairs and threw open the backdoor to grab the hose...the only thing I'd heard that might work to disrupt dogs locked in amorous passion. I squirted water at them feebly, and Claudia finally joined me, looking on helplessly...yet fascinated by the sight. The eldest of the men – Rogelio, I think – saw my distaste and attempted to separate the two beasts by hand, but was met with growls and snaps of Thor's toothy jaw. He looked back at me, shrugging, and I turned, beaten, to shut off the water. By this time Thor had thrown a leg over his rampant penis and the dogs were facing in opposite directions, linked only by the Great Dane's massive red cock, the knot of which had swollen to the size of a tennis ball. "Well," I said to Claudia, "I'm going inside, and I suggest you do too...for a while, anyway, until they finish." Claudia followed me dutifully into the kitchen – watching through the window – until nature took its course.

One can learn so much about humans by watching lower animals, I thought, as I drove to the office. Why should I have tried to break up the mating of two dogs just now, when I, myself, have spent the last two evenings fucking my ass off with...seven?...different men, and for the past two hours have contemplated screwing another – my boss! – at my place of work? I chose, for the moment, not to pursue the thought further, since I was curious about what Dr. Neil had to say. 

"This talk is official as well as unofficial," Dr. Neil said, unusually formally, as we sat in his closet-sized office. "First, my congratulations again for becoming a new Club member...and for turning in as fine an audition performance as even the longest-standing members have seen. I received this just this morning," he said, holding up a CD, "...an edited copy of your performance. I've watched it and you can take it home for a while." The CD contained a graphic recording of the lurid show I'd done in front of Dr. Neil and an audience, with six men and a woman a few days before. "I must say, I'm speechless," he concluded, in a stilted manner. 

"Thanks, Dr. Neil," I answered, smiling and crossing my legs to show a smooth upper thigh. His eyes drank in the movement as I continued with, "It was a lot of fun!"

"Uh, yeah...that's one reason I called you in," he almost stammered, as his concentration broke for a moment. He cleared his throat and said, "As a condition of your membership, you'll be required to get a monthly health check, at no cost to you. All of the 'active' members have one done. I'm sure you realize that the membership wants to stay clear of STDs. In fact, when you leave here, I want you to see the doctor on this card – a Club member himself – and get tested." He handed me a business card. "He's expecting you today."

"But, I have a gynecologist...who's very discreet," I said, preferring to stay with the woman I'd seen for years.

"She has no stake in the Club's welfare, Dee," he objected, "nor in the confidentiality required."

"Okay," I said, meekly.

"Also, I want you to curb your, uuh...sexual activity a bit...outside the Club," he said. "Word can get around rather quickly about overly promiscuous members."

"I certainly agree with that," I said, trying to match his seriousness. At the same time, I didn't know how to proceed. What could I do to rein myself in? "Dr. Neil, you said before that I should come to you when I'm in trouble. I guess I'm doing that now. Can you help me, uuh, stabilize my...my sex drive?" I asked.

"I'll try," he said, "which brings us to another matter. I'm happily married, with kids who're nearing their teens, and I don't want to jeopardize my existence in any way. Regardless of my strong feelings for you, both as an employee and as a...as a woman, I won't have an 'affair' with you."

Being much too agreeable, I nodded vigorously and said, "I understand completely," but felt as if I should've crossed my fingers when I did, since I didn't truly believe him. Maybe our definitions of "affair" differed. 

"That doesn't mean nothing will happen between us...physically," he said. "I'd much prefer to be surprised if or when it does."

So, there's the qualifier, I thought. Nothing regular, nothing scheduled, nothing planned. If or when something happens, it has to be a surprise! My God! I flashed, as I crossed my legs the other way – this time feeling a squish as my crotch folded together – that's even more exciting! Dr. Neil's glance panned slowly up from my other thigh, past my breasts, to my eyes. I looked at him and murmured, "But I told you all you had to do was ask, and I'd do whatever you wanted!" I was referring to a passionate promise I'd made to him the week before. 

"I know, Dee, but that would cause me to feel too guilty...too ashamed...undisciplined." he said.

"Well, being Catholic, I can see the fine line you're drawing," I said, "but isn't it rather hypocritical? I mean, you're my boss and my Club sponsor, so I have to do what you say, anyway!"

"But I don't always enjoy acting like the boss," he countered. "You know how childish and crazy I can be at times. I like being dominant...and occasionally...I like being submissive," he said in a near whisper.

"How will I know?" I asked, using the future tense rather than the conditional.

"You won't at first...but you'll learn," he said, missing my grammatical sleight-of-hand. "Now, the other thing is that I'm giving you a raise. Your salary will be increased immediately by 25%, with regular cost-of-living increases, but only if you cease your dependence on Percodan and maintain absolute secrecy about my rules and those of the Club." 

"My God!" I screamed joyfully, hardly believing my ears. I jumped to my feet and clapped my hands to avoid grabbing him impulsively. There go my financial problems! I thought giddily. But my excitement was too great. I leapt at him, grabbing his face and bending over to kiss him quickly. My sudden smooch nearly knocked off his glasses. "Dr. Neil! You've saved me!" I gasped, my face an inch from his. I started to kiss him again, more deeply, but he held me away by my shoulders and stood up to disengage from me.

"That was a surprise...but don't tempt me, Dee," he muttered. "To see if this arrangement will work, I want you to do something for me. Right now I'm feeling dominant. Follow me to the bathroom, please," which I did, like an obedient puppy.

He locked the door for some reason – odd, since no one was around – and stood me at the end of the long bathroom. Sitting on the toilet, he said, "You look stunning today in that pink dress. You're one of the sexiest women alive...and I can smell your perfume from across the room. Your breasts remind me of succulent, ripe fruit," he gasped, as his hands went flat to his thighs. Between them, at his groin, was a visible, growing bulge. 

He looked me directly in the eye and said, "I want you to relax and lean your weight on your right leg, Dee...with your toes forward. Now, spread your legs apart a bit...to stretch your skirt tightly between your thighs. Thrust your right hip just a little to your right...that's it." His hypnotic directions were molding me into an idealized position given some vision of his...perhaps one he'd had in his mind for years. 

His right hand rubbed up and down the prominent ridge his cock was making in his jeans. "Now, Dee, turn your left foot out – not too far, just so you're balanced – and stand easily. Are you comfortable?" he asked, his voice almost a whisper. I nodded, affirmatively, and found myself breathing faster than normal, with my heart beating a rapid tattoo. "Hold your right hand kind of behind your right hip. Rest it on your bottom if you wish, and let your left arm hang down, totally relaxed...maybe with just the tip of a finger touching your left thigh." As my finger touched my thigh I felt a static spark tingle its tip, and I breathed even faster. "Goood," he murmured. "Now, finally, Dee...look at me with a relaxed face – with that innocent, full-lipped half-smile – and let your mouth open...just enough to show your teeth. Mmmm, that's perfect," he said, blinking his eyes to burn the image into his brain.

His easy commands, his calm voice, and my unquestioning compliance had moistened my pussy and it throbbed. I felt a little light-headed, as I always do when I'm turned on. He took off his glasses and placed them on the sink beside the toilet, unbuckled his jeans and very slowly unzipped his fly. The zipper sounded as loud as a buzz saw in the quiet room, and the beat of my heart – buh-blup, buh-blup, buh-blup – seemed to echo off the white, porcelain tile walls. I groaned, jumped visibly and fidgeted when he drew his pants and boxers down to his calves to display his erect cock and dark scrotum, surrounded by a mass of black hair. "Stand still!" he barked, sounding totally unlike him. I licked my dry lips, and shook my head to release tension in my neck and toss my hair, which lessened the tingling in my scalp. 

I moaned as he took his cock in his hand and stroked it. "Don't move, Dee!" he warned, ominously, as I wished that I could be doing what he was doing. I pictured myself moving my hand on him, perhaps laving him with my saliva, then licking his hairy balls, all the while closing my finger and thumb around the head, then spiraling my hand to his scrotum and back. How could he just...do it himself...when I was here...willing...wanting? "Without moving, Dee...I want you to talk...dirty to me. Just move your lips...as you talk...like you were...in a dream," he said, haltingly, as his practiced hand made his member grow even larger. 

"I'm doing it, Dr. Neil." I murmured. "It's my hand that's touching you. Feel my little tan fingers move up and down your cock? Feel my silky skin rub its purple head?" My soft voice was really getting to him now. "Mmmm, I'm drooling on you now, Dr. Neil, making you all slippery, so you'll cum! Oooh, I want you in my mouth...in my wet pussy...so much! But not now. Maybe later. Right now I'm gonna help milk the cum right out of you. Mmmnn, lemme feel your balls...and all the cum in 'em. Feel that?" I asked, as his other hand reached down to cup and fondle his testicles.

"Ooooooh...Dee," he moaned, closing his eyes and lolling his head back slightly over his right shoulder. He extended his legs slightly, parting them a bit more.

"I love your cock, Dr. Neil," I cooed. "It fits so nicely way down in my throat. Feel my throat muscles caress you? Mmmmnn, an' I taste a little bit of your cum oozing out. It's sweet, Dr. Neil...just like the rest of you. Wanna cum in my mouth? My throat? Or do ya' wanna cum in my pussy?" I crooned, softly. His dark eyes, now open and glazed with rising passion, looked at me as his hand moved faster. "Do ya' wanna put your hard cock in my soft, hot pussy? Hmmm? You know my vagina is tight...muscular," I purred, kindling his memory of me a week earlier. "I'll squeeze your cock 'til you scream, Dr. Neil! Don't you wanna spill your seed into me? Maybe make me pregnant? Gimme your baby?" I asked, spurring the fantasy to an extreme.

By now I was as turned on as he, though I hadn't moved a muscle. My crotch was sopping and, without panties, I could feel a drop of juice running down my labia, unhindered by pubic hair. Regardless of Dr. Neil's self-proclaimed "dominance" at this moment, it was I who was in control. Though he'd dictated the fantasy – and therefore the "rules" – it was I who was providing everything but the manual stimuli. And, as I was exerting extreme will power in preventing myself from running to him with my skirt up and plunging onto his erection, I expanded that control to include more of myself, continuing to exercise all but vocal restraint. This was Dr. Neil's first sexual test of me, and I was determined to pass it, given what was at stake. 

"Wanna see my pussy, Dr. Neil?" I asked, lasciviously. "I'm not wearing any panties...just for you!" He nodded, jerkily, his lips pulled back to show his teeth in a carnal grimace. "O-kaaay," I soothed, "Before you cum I'll pull up my dress an' you can see my wet cunt all slick and wanting you. Mmmnn, I can feel my lips so red an' swollen...so ready...dripping. Tell me, Dr. Neil. Tell me when you wanna cum...pleeeease!" I begged.

"Nnngh-now!" he grunted, sounding as if he were gargling. "Now, Dee!" he gasped, and I reached for my dress hem and pulled the stretchy spandex material above my waist to bare my sodden slit to him. As I did, his hand slid from his balls to his glans and brought forth the first looping arc of his thick cum to splash down between his spread legs onto his jeans. "Aaah-aagh!" he grunted, then again, "aaah-aagh!" as I tucked my skirt under my chin and – with my fingers – spread my pussy lips open to his glassy eyes. I thrust my hips forward, spreading myself wider, and leaned back against a supply cabinet for balance, as two more gouts of semen joined the others on his pants. My hips continued thrusting in sympathy – as he moaned uninterruptedly – until what remained of his load slowly coated his grasping hand and ran down his scrotum to the toilet seat. 

My insides ached from want, from my gaping pussy to the far reaches of my ovaries, and I felt tears welling in my eyes. It'd been a long while since I'd been as needful of a man's cock in me without being able to do anything about it. I dropped my skirt and wiped my eyes with the back of my hand, as Dr. Neil's panting finally ceased. "Thank you, Dee," he murmured, groping for some tissue to clean the semen off his pants. "That was exactly what I wanted." Satisfied that his pants were clean enough, he drew them up, fastened them, and turned his back to me to wash his hands in the nearby basin. I turned away to brace myself against the cabinet that I'd leaned on and my shoulders started to tremble, this time bringing silent sobs and a few real tears.
