 Chapter One: The Homecoming 

The morning breezed through the window as I stretched and opened my eyes. The smell of the end of summer was such a delight to my senses. I had a glow on my face and a smile as well because I was going to pick up Jerry from the airport. He has been traveling for nearly a month on business and I had only been able to be with him through the phone line and the computer. They are not like having him here to hold me but do help with the loneliness when he is away and I can't travel with him. The area was quite remote and I didn't think it was a good idea to go with him this time and he agreed. My whining would have distracted him from very important work he needed to do, and this was a great opportunity for him. 

I slipped out of bed and put on my robe then made the bed up with clean sheets. As I put the last pillow in its spot I reflected a moment.

" I would not be sleeping in this bed alone tonight," I thought to myself. 

My face was frozen in a smile the entire morning. I tidied up the place and made sure everything was just perfect. Jerry has always been a very particular man even though he would never say anything about the way I normally took care of the house, perfection was what I wanted to give him. The last touch before getting ready was the rose petals on the floor and on the bed, red ones that resemble our passion. 

I started the shower and took the clip out of my hair and dropped my robe. As the water warmed up I looked in the mirror and turned from side to side. 

"Damn, my ass looks bigger! I guess I'd better give up those chocolate bars and cappuccinos! Oh well, you still look great," I said out loud.

I stepped into the shower, the water felt so warm and good. I started rubbing the soap over my body and my mind wondered. Before I knew it I was rubbing the bar between my thighs and over my pussy. I made a sensual "sigh", and snapped myself out of the trance I was entering thinking of my Jerry coming home...finally. 

"Nope! You don't have time for this! Save it all for Jerry," I thought.

I shook my head under the water and proceeded to rinse off the soap and get out of there while I still had a clear thought. I turned off the water and stepped out of the shower onto the tub mat. I put my leg on the toilet and was drying it, then between my legs and from there to my ass and I felt like someone was watching me. I looked up and saw that I forgot to close the curtain. The neighbor was lurking in from across the lawn. That damn pervert was always spying on me! I wrapped up in the towel and quickly closed the curtain. I guess he thought with Jerry being gone he could get away with more, but I tell Jerry everything. My mind was wondering again so I put on my robe and sat down at my dressing table to start putting on my makeup. 

The phone rang. "Hello? Oh hi Dona how are you today?"

"I'm good mom, how are you? Are you excited?" She said.

"Yes! I am very excited! He is finally going to be home today! I only have three hours left before I look into his eyes! I feel like a giddy school girl." I said with excitement.

"Ya, I bet! I wont keep you. I know you have a lot to do before you go get him. I just wanted to see how you were doing. We will let you two have some space for a couple of days. If you need us though, just give us a call." She said.

"Okies doll, we will have a dinner next week and have you kids come over and welcome him home." I ended.

"Ok mom, love ya," she said as she ended the call.

I returned my attention to my makeup and before I could finish the foundation the phone rang again!

"Hello?" I answered.

"Hi mom. Just checking to see if you need any help today." Ashley said.

"Nope, hon. I have it under control. I'm just getting my make up on now." I said.

"Ok if you need anything just let me know and I'll help where I can. I know you get a little stressed when you're trying to do to much at once," She laughed.

"Yes, I know, but I have it all under control so far. I just have to find the outfit I'm going to wear. I'm going to have dinner catered in tonight so all I have to do is get ready and pick him up." I replied.

"Alright mama, I won't keep you. I'm glad he is finally coming home so you can relax a little. You guys have fun and we will stay away until you say your ready for us to come see you two." She said.

"Ok Ashie, thank you. I already told Dona that we will have a dinner next week together so you all can welcome him home," I ended.

"Sounds good, love you mama and will see you next week. Don't get to rough you two aren't spring chickens anymore ya know." She ended in a laugh.

"I love you too baby girl. I will see you next week." I said as I hung up the phone.

I looked into the mirror as I swabbed my face with finishing powder. There was no need to put on any blush with the glow of love that was showing on my face.

I was very careful to pick just the right homecoming outfit. After searching through my entire closet I finally came across the right thing. He likes it when I wear skirts and dresses with heals. The one I chose was a flirty skirt that just covered half my knees. The material was very sheer but the floral print protected too much of me being shown to the public. It fit me well and clung to the shape of my ass. I decided to not wear any panties and stockings not panty hose so free play could be an open option. After all it had been nearly a month since I had physically felt his touch and he mine. My blouse was white and of the same material as the skirt and a white push up bra underneath it to show just enough cleavage. The bigger problem was to find the right pair of shoes. I must have gone through twenty pair of shoes twice over making my closet a mess in the process but I did find the right ones. The black satin ones with a bow made my toes look so cute. I put my hair back in a barrette and let it hang down across my neck and the little curls flowed on the side of my cheek.

I looked in the mirror one more time with a smile for liking what I saw in it. I took a deep breath and dotted a little perfume on my wrist and behind my ears and the top of the crack of my ass. The five must places to put perfume as Nanny Fine said. I straightened my skirt and went to the kitchen to take my keys off the hook and took one more glance before I headed out the door.

When I got to my car I noticed a flat tire. "Damn it! This is just great!" I said out loud.

I looked around the street in bewilderment as what to do. Of course the only one there would be the pervert. I had to get to the airport and was going to use whatever means I had to in order to do it and looked to me he was my option. 

"I seem to have a flat tire and am suppose to pick Jerry up at the airport in half an hour. Would it be to much to ask you to do me a favor and change the tire for me?" I said with a pout on my lips and my hand on my forehead to keep the sun out of my eyes. 

"Oh, you want my help do you?" He said with a smirk.

With a more determined look on my face I replied, " Yes, I really do. After all we are neighbors, it wouldn't be to much to ask would it?"

He looked down at his feet with a grin and after pausing for a moment and rubbing my shoulder said, " Ok, ok I will do it for you. Maybe in the future you can do something for me?"

"Ok forget it! I'm sure I can find someone to help me that would never think of implying such an appalling thing knowing full well that I am Jerry's woman!" I replied as I started walking down the street.

"Hey, get back here I was only joking with you." He started walking toward the garage and mumbled, " Damn woman are always so uptight."

I just ignored his snide remarks so I could get the tire fixed and get on my way. I paced and I pranced wanting the job to be completed faster than the man could work.

"Would you stop that, it's making it hard for me to concentrate!" Said the neighbor.

"I'm sorry. Jerry hates it when I'm late and he has been away for so long. Maybe if you put that cigar down you wouldn't have to stop and cough so much." I said with a tense grin.

"You know, I could have left you stranded. I didn't have to come change your bloody tire. At least you could be a little kind to a guy that's trying to help you out." The neighbor said with a bit of disgust on his face.

"Yes, your right. I really do appreciate your help. Now would you please hurry it up a bit, before I run out of time?" I said.

"Careful there now girly, you came close to being nice to me." The neighbor said in a half assed joking tone.

With my arms crossed and a smile on my face I said, " I will be nice later and bake you some cookies to go in that big tummy of yours, but for now I'm going to be selfish and impatient!"

"There you go, be on your way. I will hold you to those cookies though. A man don't get a belly like this without effort ya know." He said patty his stomach like an ape.

" Thank you, thank you!" I said as I kissed him on the cheek and jumped in my car. 

The poor man was barely able to get out of the way as I sped off.

I was starting to turn off the highway to the airport exit when I saw red and blue lights flashing behind me.

"For Christ sake!" I thought. 

I pulled over to the side of the road after the exit and waited for the officer to come up to my car.

" Hello Miss. Do you have any idea how fast you were going?" The officer said.

"No sir. I'm sorry my mind wasn't focused on my speed." I replied.

"I clocked you in at seventy miles per hour! Surely no place is so urgent for you to take such chances with your life and the other commuters!" He said with his brows turned down.

"I'm so sorry officer; I should have been paying attention. I've had so many things to get done today and I'm picking my guy up from the airport. I promise I will pay attention from now on. Please, please give me a break." I said.

He was looking right into my eyes that were almost tearing up. 

"It's only five miles over the limit but never the less a great amount of speed. I will let you off with a warning this time but please, be more careful in the future and think of others out here too." He said with urgency.

"I will sir, thank you so much. I really should have paid more attention to what I was doing." I said.

He gave me back my license and said, " Ok Linda, slow it down and have a nice and safe day."

"Thank you sir, you have a good day too... and safe." I said in a grateful voice.

I pulled out to get to the airport, which was just down the road. Looking back I thought, "Thank Christ I look so innocent! What the hell is going to be next?"

I looked at my watch after parking the car in the visitor spot; I was already 10 minutes late! I was so excited to see him that I started to run thru the corridors. As I reached the terminal of his flight I caught sight of him and started calling out his name. He already had his bags beside him and was looking at his watch when he heard me calling out. 

"Good God woman I've been waiting here for nearly twenty minutes", he said just before I jumped into his arms.

"I know darling I had a few problems getting here." I said as I kissed him all over his face and damn near knocked him over from the jump.

He quickly got over his frustration as he kissed me back and held me tightly in his arms. 

"Damn I've missed you baby! Mmm... just let me smell your hair and hold you for a second." He said after kissing me long and passionately. 

"OH! I've missed you too darling! Let's get you home where you belong." I said.

I took his hand and was going to start walking and he pulled me back to him again. He looked deep in my eyes and said, "I love you so much."

I looked back at him and hugged him again saying close to his ear, "I love you too Jerry, so very much! 

I let go of him and put my hands on his face. He took them in his hands and kissed them. That moment will live in me forever. There was no other time that I have felt his love for me as much as that moment.

He looked so tired, but those sparkling eyes still shinned. He took the handles of his luggage that was on wheels and I took the small bag and we headed for the car. After he had put the bigger bags in the trunk I proceeded to put the small one in and I felt his hand slip up the back of my dress. I turned and gave him an approving smile while parting my legs just a little farther for him. He stood right behind me and kissed my neck then looked around for passersby while putting his other hand over my tit.

"Mmm, baby... no panties? I should bend you over this car and take you right here." He whispered.

I turned my head to look at him with a sly grin and said, " Go ahead, I dare you."

His finger slipped through my pussy lips sending a chill up my spine. I couldn't seem to control my want for him then he slipped his finger inside my damp hole and wiggled it in the juice.

"Baby." I whispered as my body felt like going limp.

He pulled his finger out and put it in his mouth and said, " Mmm."

He pressed himself against my ass and I could feel the bulge through his pants as he moved his hips back and forth. He stopped and I could hear the buckle of his belt and the sound of his zipper. I leaned over the bags in the trunk and felt his hand move up my thigh and then the heat of his cock slipping through my pussy lips. It had been so long since I had felt the pleasure of his flesh in my pussy I found myself gasping. His cock slid inside me easily and he drove it deep and then rubbed on my lips and my clit then deep inside my hot hole again. I could feel his precum on my clit as he pushed his hole over it. After just a few more deep thrusts he pulled his cock out of me, pulled down my dress and flipped his cock back in his pants and turned me around. I was in a daze. Before I could say anything he pulled me tight against him and gave me a kiss that almost dropped me to my knees. 

"That's enough for now," He said as he gave a quick squeeze to my ass.

"I want you, NOW!" I said with great want.

"No, No. Not yet. This was just to pay you back for torturing me so many times, now come on and lets go." He said.

" But...Jerry! I want you; need you NOW! Come on, fuck me, spread me baby." I said.

"No! Now come on you, lets go home." He replied and spanked me on the ass.

" Oh, alright! I don't know if I can see to drive this way though. I already got stopped by a cop once today." I said in frustration.

"Speeding again were we?" He said.

"We can talk about that later, darling. Right now I just want to get you home and fuck you stupid." I replied.

We got into the car and started driving back to the interstate highway and he kept looking at me making it very hard for me to keep my eyes on the road. Out of the corner of my eye I saw his hand slide down to his crotch and push up his cock, which was still hard. I reached over and put my hand on his and squeezed it. He slid down in the seat a little and pulled it out with his balls and let them rest over the band of his underwear. I was trying to watch the road but wanted to watch Jerry softly stroke his cock and tease his piss hole.

I sat back in my seat so I could do both and it was turning me on a lot as I could feel my pussy getting wetter. I spread my legs as far as I could and keep one on the gas pedal and ran my fingers up my thigh to my pussy lips spreading them. They were wet and hot to the touch. I put two fingers inside my hole and bent them to bring out my horny nectar moving them in and out. It felt so good I rubbed the juice onto my clit as Jerry kept stroking his cock and watching me. 

He slid over closer to me and I stuck my wet fingers in his mouth and he sucked them while putting his hand between my legs and rubbed my clit. I moved my fingers from his mouth and slid my hand down to his hot hard cock. When he felt my touch he sunk his fingers inside my hole to his second knuckle rubbing my clit on the way through then put his fingers in my mouth and I sucked my juice off them. My hand was still on his cock that was leaking precum and his hand went from my mouth to my neck. When he started licking and sucking my ear I couldn't concentrate on the road. There was a weigh side up ahead and I pulled in and turned the car off.

Jerry put his hand between my legs again and sucked my neck. As I felt his fingers going inside my hole I turned and sucked his lower lip. 

He whispered, "What did you pull over for?"

"Because I don't want to lose site of the road because you're driving me crazy as I'm sure you already know." I said with an evil grin.

His breath on my cheek was making my nipples harden. I wanted to fuck him right then and there, but he kept me at a distance and teased the hell out of me. He worked his fingers back and forth inside my pussy as his thumb teased my clit. We both were very hot and horny for each other's affections. I tried to pull him over on top of me, but he resisted again.

"Come on honey! Come on I want to feel you inside me." I said tugging at his pants.

"I want you just as much baby, but slow down, let's take our time to enjoy the teasing." Jerry said before putting his mouth over mine.

"Umphf." I whimpered.

I traced his cock with my fingers and brushed his balls still hanging over his underwear. His cock was very hard and throbbing to let go, but he still resisted me. My pussy was so wet the juice was smeared on my thighs but before I started to spasm he took his fingers away from my pussy, licked the juice from them and moved over to his side of the car.

"Come on baby, lets go home," he said out of breath. 

I leaned over to him and kissed my cum from his lips.

"No, baby! I want you now, I need you NOW!" I said in a whimpering pout.

"I want you too baby, very much, but at home where I can enjoy being with you fully, now come on let's go home." He persistently said.

I looked in his eyes and reluctantly agreed as I kissed him again. 

The traffic was retched or maybe I was the problem. I just couldn't get home fast enough. Jerry kept giving me a look of disapproval of my driving skills, but he never liked my driving and between those he was staring with a huge grin on his face. If not for that I might have been suspicious of his rejections but I could tell he just wanted to be home and with me. Poor man had been through a lot in the last few weeks. At least I had the comforts of home and the kids and our friends around me. He had nothing but a hard ass job, a cell phone and a laptop. 

I pulled into the garage and shut off the car and sat back in the seat.

"Jerry...I know you're tired and glad to be home so why don't we go inside and just let you relax and take a nap even? We don't have to rush into making love. Then you will be up for a really good homecoming fuck of a time. When you wake we can take a nice hot shower together." I said with concern.

He looked at me and said, " That probably isn't a bad idea. As much as I want to fuck you stupid...I'm not sure if I will have enough energy to give you what I want to. You sure you're ok with that?"

"Yes sweetie, I'm sure. I know you have worked very hard and it has been a long flight home. The best things are worth waiting for, aren't they?"

He shifted himself in the seat and said, "You know...you just make me melt woman. This is what I have wanted to come home to. I know it has been hard for you to have me away so long and I really appreciate your patience, I really do."

"I've waited nearly a month, I think I can handle a little while longer. Come on honey, let's get you in the house." I replied.

He patted my hand and opened the door and was going to get the bags from the trunk.

"No darling, we can get those later." I said as I walked over to his side of the car and grabbed his hand.

He hesitated for a moment and said, " Ya, your right they can wait till later."
