 Two weeks ago I attended a seminar in Steam Boat Springs, CO. I flew into the Hayden airport with two other colleges; we rented a car and drove to the lodge where the seminar was to be held.

The last day of the seminar was on Friday, I was scheduled to fly out that night, but my two colleges where staying for a weekend ski vacation. As I drove the rental car towards the airport it started snowing. I left the rental office and headed to the airline counter. I asked the attendant if the flight was still on time. He replied it was on schedule, but with a weak smile, shrugged his shoulders.

I took a seat in the waiting area. This airport is not like the big mega airports in cities. There is a number of medium sized rooms available for the waiting passengers. I took a seat looking out into the parking lot and watched the snowfall.

I noticed a taxicab pulling up the parking lot to the main entrance for passengers. The back door swung open and a long leg with heels comes out. Then the rest of the woman lifted out. She was a stunning beauty. Long blonde hair with a fur hat on top and matching full-length fur coat covering her body. She rushed into the lobby pulling her suitcase and raced over to the ticket counter.

I heard her say, in kind of loud voice, "Damn"! My head turned her way as she turned to the waiting area. She walked over to the windows looking out into the parking area near my seat. She asked me if I was taking flight 101, I replied yes. She then told me that as she was standing at the counter, the airline was saying that the flight would be delayed for 90 minutes. I told her she might as well take a seat and relax.

The babe swung out of her fur coat, then took off her hat and shook out her hair. Throwing them both on the seat next to me. She was wearing a black cashmere sweater dress. It was obvious that she was without a bra. Her nipples hardened to the chill of the room. The dress showed every nice thing she had under it. She sat down in the next seat. We started chatting, introducing each other and the reason for our trips. Gwen told me she had been visiting a friend. After about ten minutes of talking I found my throat drying out. So I asked Gwen if she would like a beer. She said yes. 

In the small simple bar, I picked up two bottles of my favorite beer. Returning to the waiting area, Gwen had removed her heels. I sat down next to her, and offered her the beer. She told me it was her favorite beer and took a long swig. As she brought the bottle down she licked around the curvature of the bottle top. The way she did it was very seductive. I just chalked it up as keeping a drip off her dress. We talked some more about the mountains and the snowfall we where witnessing. Soon we where needing another beer. When I returned to the seating area, Gwen was now sitting cross-legged in her seat. Her dress was pulled up to her mid thigh. I could see the tops of her thigh high black hose she was wearing. I sat down and she reached for her beer brushing her tits against my arm. 

Was I being aroused by subtle acts of suggestion? I was unsure if they where done in a relaxed atmosphere, or as arousal techniques. So I just smiled and drank my beer. We chatted about the resort life, but when our conversation turned to hot tubs, things got real interesting.

When the conversation turned to the hot tubs, my ears stayed open to what she was saying. My mind turned to seeing her naked body in the hot tub, sipping on a glass of red wine. Somewhere in my dream, she shifted positions in her seat. Legs still crossed, she turned sideways and was now facing me. Gwen had the beer in one hand, and her other arm around the back of my chair. If I had been another passenger sitting farther away, I would be in position to see paradise. She caught me looking down. I must have blushed, because she laughed at me.

Gwen then made it obvious. She moved around in her seat, pulling up her knees and planting her feet into my lap. She laughed again as I could not help it, I looked. I will swear to this, she had no panties on. I said; "Well, it's truly nice to meet you", never taking my eyes off of her pussy.

Gwen's foot then found my cock. I'm guessing it was easy as I felt it growing in size. She smiled and took a drink of beer saying; "what are we going to do next?"

The public address system answered our question. They announced that a flight was landing in five minutes. Gwen told me to check to see if we where to take that flight out. I walked over to the ticket counter and asked about the inbound flight. The attendant told me this was a special charter and that Gwen and I would not be taking it.

I got back to our seats, Gwen held her empty beer bottle upside down and said, "More please." I went to the bar and was ordering when the plane unloaded, people poured into the little terminal. The number of people I saw was like throwing cold water on my sexual adventures with Gwen. I took a deep breath and returned to Gwen. As I sat down I noticed two large buses pull up to the doors. Lucky I was, they all boarded and where gone in fifteen minutes. During that time Gwen sat in a more acceptable position, but coming from her mouth was language, that was almost better than her naked pussy. As the last bus pulled away, Gwen's feet returned to my lap. I was soft and she kept saying; "I wonder where he went?" Then with a smile, she found my cock once again, back to where we had been before.

I was a little shocked, and quickly looked around when Gwen's hand went for my zipper. No one was looking so I didn't move. Her cool hand, she used her beer hand, grabbed my hard cock. She slowly caressed my prick while looking into my eyes. When my eyes met hers she would squeeze me. She really had me very horny now. I guess I dropped my inhibitions, as I reached between her legs and found her pussy with my fingers. Gwen scooted down, moving her body closer to mine. My one finger didn't seem to be enough for the occasion. She was wet beyond believe. Something fun burnt though my mind then. I pulled my finger from her, and lifted it to my nose. Smelling her lovely juice for a few seconds, then using my tongue I slowly licked my finger. This little bit of kink sent Gwen wild. She told me she now wanted to taste me.

I had to think quickly, Gwen got on the floor, kneeling down in front of me. I stood, pulling her up right. I took Gwen's hand and led her out of the waiting room. 

While at the bar buying the beers during the day, I had notice the rest rooms down a hallway. I pulled Gwen in that direction. We walked by the end of the bar and down the hallway. I pulled Gwen into the men's room behind me. Luckily, no one was in there. We ran to the last stall, locking the door behind us. 

Gwen was unbuckling my trousers; I was pulling my shirt out of my pants. My cock sprang out of my under shorts. Gwen pulled my shorts to the floor. She took hold of my cock. I took hold of her shoulders and turned her around, then sat her down on the toilette. 

I stepped closer to Gwen, as she pulled on my cock. She was licking her lips. As the tip of my cock touched her lips, she opened wide and took all of me right in. I could feel her tongue whorl around my shaft. Gwen sucked on me for just a short time. Which was very wise of her as I could of cum very quickly. Gwen stood, reached down to the hem of her dress and pulled it off over her head. She then folded it over the door of the stall. She told me she didn't want to get cum on it because it was a very expensive dress.

Hell, I sure didn't care. She was totally beautiful beyond my dreams. Naked she looked as good as she did in her expensive clothing. I felt like pinching myself because this could be a dream. But I didn't, because a pinch may wake me, if it was a dream.

I took Gwen into my arms, pulling her tight against me. My lips parted just a fraction as I leaned to her face. As I was just about to kiss her, her face moved sideways. She said she did kiss on the mouth.

I had never been so shocked in my life. Yes, I had heard that hookers would say that to their John's. I just could not believe she was a hooker. She didn't fit the stereotype. Gwen saw my disappointment. She took a hold of my hand and kissed it. Then her palms of her hand took my face and she looked my in the eye and said; "Come on you have me all turned on, don't stop now." I thought about the predicament for one half of a second and grabbed her tits and began sucking on one, then the other. 

Gwen sat back down. She held up one finger and curled in and over, telling me to come closer. I got into position again. She took my cock into her mouth. Getting me all wet she began licking and sucking up and down on my shaft. My hands held the sides of her face, I didn't pull her face into my body, and I let her control the movements. Oh she was good all right, in fact she felt wonderful. The regrets ran through my mind, I keep thinking how wonderful she would be to fuck. Not here, but in a king size bed, in a warm dimly lit room. 

Gwen must have been a mind reader. She let my cock out of my mouth and stood up. She asked me if I wanted to fuck her. I jumped at the idea, but I told her I didn't have a condom. Gwen looked at me and said; "I have not fucked anyone without a condom in almost two years. I know I'm safe because I just had my check two weeks ago.

My reply was hesitant. I was lucky that I didn't reply. Oh sure I did want to, but I was weighing my alternatives. I didn't have any alternatives. I started to answer yes, when Gwen told me I could kiss her. That was all it took. This time I sat down on the toilette, keeping my knees together and my cock upright, Gwen straddled me and lowered her pussy down on my cock. 

She was dripping wet and I entered her easily. I went all the way in and she sat on me with out moving. She looked beautiful as she looked into my eyes. I leaned forward, her mouth came to mine. We kissed softly but passionately. My hands cupped her breasts and I squeezed them gently. We kissed for sometime, I could not of counted the minutes. I was in heaven, or would it turn to hell?

My eyes opened when Gwen hips started moving forwards and backwards. Our kiss subsided to watch the action of our bodies. I think I was watching her pussy and Gwen was watching my cock going in and out of her. I let go of one of her breasts and my thumb went to her clit. I tried to hold my thumb on her clit as she moved forwards and backwards grinding my cock into her beautiful body. I heard her whimper to my thumbs touch. This little whimper coming from her mouth sparked my orgasm. I told Gwen I was going to cum. I was relieved that she didn't move off of me. She held me even tighter now against her breasts. I could feel my cock pulsating deep inside of her squirting her full of my sperm. Gwen's pussy was even slicker now. Gwen's fingernails dug into my back as I felt her shoulders quiver as she cum right after mine. We locked in the moment with more kissing, very pleasant relaxed kiss.

I started to say something when the door of the restroom opened. Gwen quickly pulled her dress off of the door, down into our stall. We sat very still. She wanted to giggle like a schoolgirl. I could see it in her face. But, she remained quiet. The gentleman left quickly. I told Gwen we had better get out of here before we get caught. We dressed and walked out of the stall. Gwen took a second in front of the mirror to shake and puff her hair. We both made it out into the hall without anyone seeing us.

We entered the bathroom half drunk, not even thinking about our valuables near our seats. As we rounded the corner back to the waiting area we found 20 some people sitting around. Lucky everything was in place. We took a quick inventory and just in the nick of time, as our plane had just arrived. We allowed the others to disembark. Then stood in line to board our flight.

The jet gained altitude quickly and leveled out. Many of the other turned off their overhead lights. We did also. We sat in silence for a while, and then Gwen asked if I was OK. I told her I sure was. I told her she was remarkable and that I had really enjoyed the late afternoon with her.

Some how our small talk never went to sex. But we did learn many things about each other that we did not tell before hand. We talked about our parents and where we grew up. Our schools and our goals. Gwen was a little vague about her goal; I did not press her for answers. The time went by quickly, much too quick for me. The plane landed and when it came to a full stop and people started standing, my stomach turned over. From nerves I guess. I didn't want this evening to end. I would fly forever sitting next to Gwen.

As we walked down the jet way, I think we both where awkward. We did not talk much. When we reached the waiting area there was another crowd of people. I was following Gwen but two others got in between us. Before I could catch up, I heard a woman's voice calling out for Gwen. My stomach sank into my socks. Shit! Shit! What should I do or say now. Thinking quickly I pulled my business card and caught Gwen just before she got to the other woman. I said excuse me but I think you dropped this. I handed her my card and she thanked me, but held my hand just a tad too long.

I stood there watching Gwen and the other woman walking away. The others from our plane passed me as I stood there. Just before Gwen walked out the door to the street side, she turned towards me and threw me a kiss.