 Mark couldn't wait to get home to Delialah.

His sweet little blonde angel of 18 always helped him unwind after a long hard day of work at the construction site.

As he got into his pick up truck to make the 15 minute drive home, he thought of her.

She was 5'3 and 120 pounds. She had short blonde hair that was almost always in pony tails. Her milky white skin was soft all over her body, especially her small 32B tits. He loved to glide his tongue all over her body and hear the little moans that came from her tight mouth.

Her firm ass was always poking out from under her little pleated skirts she wore to school. 

She had big innocent blue eyes that always stayed locked on his as she sucked his cock. She was one big contradiction. The innocence she emitted belied the cum thirsty demeanor she gave off once the lights turned out.

The whole way home Mark imagined what his baby girl was doing... 

Was she taking a shower? The warm soapy water inching down her smooth body like his hands longed to be?

Was she watching TV? Pressing her slim thighs together as she watched The Spice Girls videos on MTV?

His cock was straining against his dirty jeans. He couldn't wait to get home!

Meanwhile- at home, Delialah was sitting on the couch. She kept glancing at the clock... counting the minutes till Mark would get home.

Today in school, her friend Jamie told her about her date with Rick...

Rick was famous for his clit licking skills and Jamie told Dee all about it.

"It was soo awesome!" Jamie had said.

"Well- don't be stingy! I want details!" Dee had said, her blue eyes shinning.

"OK- so we get to the lake... 'cause my parents were home... we went to his cabin on the lake. Anyhow... He had just gotten this new barbell for his tongue ring he was just dying to use on someone... so he made me take off everything and lay down on his couch." Jamie whispered.

Dee felt her pussy starting to get wet under her green plaid skirt. She crossed her legs to put some pressure or her aching clit. "Yeah, then what happened?"

"He got down on his hands and knees and just looked at me. His gaze alone on my nipples made 'em hard Dee! By the time he got between my knees I was begging for it like a whore!" 

"Oh my goodness! He sounds amazing!" Dee smiled.

"Girl, you have no idea!" Jamie leaned in closer... her full tits straining against her almost transparent white blouse.

"So, he is slowly creeping up between my legs... whispering how beautiful I am... and his breath was making me wetter and wetter... then he started kissing the inside of my thighs and licking them... his tongue ring felt sooo good! It must have been as hard as my clit!"

Dee licked her lips, "So... get to the good stuff! The suspense is killing me!"

Jamie ran a hand through her wavy red hair and her green eyes glistened, "I'm telling it like it happened Dee! Stop being such a horn ball!"

"Well! Your stories always make me wet Jamie. I can't help myself sometimes..."

"OK, so, he is kissing me all over... and then. BAM! His tongue is going up and down my slit... like he needed to make me any wetter! I nearly caused a flood! He was using the whole thing... and that tongue ring kept on grazing my clitty. I thought I was going to explode! Then he started with his fingers in my hole! He had two in there- just pumping them in and out as he started to lick my clit full on!"

"Shit girl! I'm making a puddle over here!" Dee said, "Did you cum??"

"Oh hell yeah! and he just kept licking, and sucking!!! It was heaven! You gotta let him lick you!"

Dee grinned, "I got Mark to do that."

Dee came back to reality... Mark wouldn't be home for awhile... maybe he wouldn't notice...

Dee's hand went under her skirt and found her panties soaked from thinking about her friends story.

She traced a finger up her slit... and moaned. Her thoughts raced- she knew Mark would be angry if she didn't wait for him... but she needed it so bad!

She took off her panties and laid back on the couch...

Her finger tip flew to her clit and she rubbed it softly. Images of Jamie and Ricky flooding her imagination.

She could see her friends tousled red hair falling over her amazingly full 36D tits as she ran her fingers through Ricky's spiky blue hair.

Dee opened her shirt and rubbed her nipples. Her tits were small compared to her friends- but they were firm. She cupped her left tit in her hand as she slipped a finger into her pussy.

She was getting so into her fantasy she didn't hear the front door open, or Mark's keys hitting the table in the front foyer.

When Mark walked into the living room... his eyes were met with Dee on his couch... her skirt around her waist and her blouse open.

One hand pumping away at her dripping cunt- and the other twisting her pink nipple.

He silently unzipped his pants and took off his sweat covered shirt.

He watched her for a moment, not wanting to say anything too early.

When she started moaning her way to orgasm, he spoke.

"Delialah, couldn't you have waited for me?"

Her eyes flew open and her rapidly approaching orgasm stopped in its tracks.

"MARK! Oh my God! I'm sorry baby! I got carried away... I didn't mean to..."

Mark smiled, "You know how I feel about naughty girls...?

She knew...

He walked over to where she lay on the couch and scoped her up.

He threw her over his muscular shoulder and carried her to his bedroom.

He sat her down on the bed and looked at her, a glimmer in his brown eyes.

"Now. Tell me. What got you so hot and bothered that you had to fuck yourself before I got home to do it for you?"

"Well, Jamie told me about her date with Ricky last night." Dee said meekly. Her innocent blue eyes gazing up at him.

"That Jamie is a horrible influence on you. I don't think you should talk to her anymore."

Dee nodded, her pony tails bopping slightly, "I know. But she is so..."

Mark raised an eyebrow.

"She just is so exotic. I want to be like her..."

He nodded and sat down by her, "Tell me Delialah... do you ever think about touching her? About making her cum like you make me cum?"

Dee blushed, "Sometimes. I get really turned on by her all the time though. When she leans in to whisper things to me in Government class, I can see her tits and I want sooo badly to lick them and suck them till she screams my name."

Mark took a ragged breath, "Uh huh. Would you let me watch you with her?"

She gave him a little smile as her hand found his cock in his boxers. "Oh yes. I don't think I'd know what to do... would you tell me how to make her cum?"

He nodded, his eyes closed as her hand squeezed him.

"I want you to Mark. I want to know how to make someone feel as good as you make me feel. Do you think you could teach me?" She dropped to her knees. She looked like a little girl from her place on the floor. 

Again he nodded. 

She started tugging off his boxers.

"I can only imagine how good she would taste. I'd love to have my whole face covered in her juices... and then to see her head buried between my thighs... lapping at my hot cunt... oooooh Mark! I'd get so hot! And you'd be there to watch it all."

"Jesus Dee. I'm going to cum if you keep on popping these dirty images into my head."

She grinned, "Not until I suck you sweet heart. Can I? I promise I'll be good? Just let me suck your cock!"

Mark loved it when she begged. "You really want to? You want to make me cum in your dirty mouth?" He yanked lightly on one of her pony tails.

"Uh huh! I want to really bad!!! Can I??? PLEASE!!!!????!!!!!"

"Tell me how bad..." He was dying to hear his little slut beg for it more.

"Mark! I want to suck your prick till you shoot down my throat! I need to feel it in my mouth! PLEASE!!! I need it sooo bad baby!"

"OK. You can suck it."

Dee nearly swallowed the whole thing on the first lap. But as she went on she slowed down... wanting to savor every second she had her mans big tool in her mouth.

She took her tongue and ran it on the underside of his cock, then brought it up to its sensitive head. She twirled it around before she left a wet kiss on it. She let her lips slide all the way to where her fingers gripped the base.

She let her fingers trace circles on his balls and she could feel him growing riggid with arousal.

"Dee, I'm gonna cum baby!" he moaned...

"She grabbed his cock with both hands and pumped it until he shot in her mouth. She lapped it all up like the greedy whore she was.

Mark moaned one last time as his final spurt of cum dropped from her full lips and onto her chin. She smiled at him and scooped it up with a finger and licked it off.

His hands crept to the last two buttons of her blouse. He unbuttoned them, his eyes locked on hers...

"Dee- tell me. If you brought home Jamie... what would you and her do if I wasn't here?"

"I'm not sure." she answered... the innocence creeping back into her voice.

"What have you done before when she was over?"

"There was this one time that we came home from cheerleading practice when you were working late and watched a porno that she found in her ex boyfriend's sister's room."

"What was it about?" he opened her shirt and exposed her lacey black bra that cupped her firm tits. He gently rubbed her nipples through the soft folds.

"There was a girl dominating this other girl. She was on her knees licking the girls boots." Her breath was coming in quicker gasps now.

"Uh huh... then what did she do?"

"She... she started licking her pussy. It was shaved bare..."

"Did you like that?" His fingers were now in her bra, rubbing her hard nipples in circles.

"Yeah... so did Jamie. Jamie said she was tired of her red bush..."

"Really? Did she show it to you?" Mark was reaching around to unclasp her bra.

"Yes. She lifted up her uniform and pulled her panties to the side... her bush was small but... I-I-I wanted to touch it." 

"Why didn't you?"

"Because... she heard your truck pull up.... so we took the movie out and she got ready to go home..." Dee gasped as Mark took her pink nipple in his mouth.

"Mmmmm." He flicked it with his tongue, then said, "Wasn't that the night I fucked you in your uniform for the first time?"

"Ohhh... Uh huh! I came so hard!"

Mark began kissing between her tits to her stomach... and going down at a rapid rate.

Dee lifted her hips... urging him to go between her slender thighs.

"Do you want to cum again, darling?"

"Oh Mark! YES!"

Mark took off her skirt and spread her legs. Her wet pussy simply called for his tongue.

He ran a finger down the neatly trimmed blonde hair of her lips. He brought it up to her mouth and she lapped up her own juices greedily.

He brought his lips to her pink box and kissed it gently. Her hips rose to met him and a sigh dripping with his name came from her mouth.

He let his tongue slide out and he gently worked her swollen hole.

She was so hot. She wanted to cum soooo badly!

"Fuck me with your mouth Mark!" she whispered. Hearing her swear made me even more eager.

Her brought his tongue to her clit and he licked it slowly... making tiny circles around the hard nub.

"Suck my clit baby! Make me cum! URGH!"

Her fingers were woven in his hair... making his face melt into her slippery cunt.

He sucked on her clit, hard, and fast, he shoved a finger in her tight hole... curving it up to bump her clit from the inside.

Her hips began to buck wildly and he could feel her losing control.

He rammed another finger in, and her pussy swallowed them... contracting around them as he continued sucking her hot clit.

"OH GOD! MARK!!!! I'M CUMMING BABY!!!!!" She screamed- her back arching and her legs squeezing his head.

She went limp and he gave her dripping pussy one last kiss before he rose to look at her.

A smile was on her innocent face that spoke of forbidden knowledge.

He kissed her and she tasted her juice on his lips and in his mouth.

His prick was starting to rise again... and as he brought her hand to it, she opened her eyes.

"You think your ready for another round?" he asked.

She nodded and sat up a little bit.

He crawled on top of her and she guided his cock into her still wet pussy.

He took long and slow strokes.

Plunging his cock into her steadily.

She was still dreamy... but this felt great!

Dee locked her long legs around his waist and squeezed. She loved the feel of him pistoning in and out of her.

"Mark- I love it when you fuck me." 

He picked up speed a little, and she began to rock her hips to meet his thrusts... His big cock was going deeper, and deeper in her hole... and they both were getting hotter and hotter.

He grabbed her ass as he starts to jam his cock faster and faster in between her tight lips.

Her legs are squeezing, and he can feel another orgasm rolling through her hot body.

"MY GOD! MARK! I'M CUMMING AGAIN BABY! DON'T STOP FUCKING ME! PLEAAAASE!"

Her begging voice throws him over the edge - and he spews his hot jizz into her gapping cunt.

As their orgasm subside... he rolls off of her and catches his breath.

"So," he smiles and brushes a stand of gold from her wet fore head, "You planning on having Jamie here tomorrow night?"

She grins, "You'll just have to think about it all day at work now won't you?"

~*~THE END~*~