 His world was one of darkness. Sounds, smells, and textures were what he used since he was 15 when sight abandoned him. He is 40 now, and doing well. A thriving computer business, and a former career in teaching made him a fairly versatile, flexible guy. Now he was his own boss, staying as busy as he wanted, working from home, and fielding most of his work over the phone.

One afternoon he was answering email when his dog saw someone coming up the driveway, and bolted for the door to greet whoever it was. He followed the big black lab up the stairs as the doorbell rang.

When he opened the door, there seemed to be nobody there. He went out on the deck, but found no one, though he thought he caught a faint lingering scent of an expensive perfume. Going back in the house, the scent was stronger. Could someone have slipped inside behind him? No, that's just not possible. Then the phone rang. He went to the nearest phone, and as he went to pick up the receiver, a gentle hand came down on his, touching and holding the phone, guiding it to his ear. Now the perfume was much stronger, and he knew why.

"Hello?" he said, as he now sensed the rest of the person in the house with him. She was about 5'3", petite but curvy build, but that was all he could tell as she stood next to him.

"Hello," the person on the phone said, "Did our delivery arrive?" they asked, "Her name is Kate. We can't tell you who this delivery is from, but we hope you'll enjoy yourself. You need not worry, everything is taken care of."

"Wait," he said, "This is crazy!" but the only reply he heard was the dialtone as the person on the other end hung up the phone.

He turned to the woman who was standing next to him. As he turned, she came into his arms and hugged him tightly. She broke the hug, and lifted her head to kiss him.

"Wait," he said when he could catch his breath, "Your name is Kate?" She nodded her head, and he felt the nod as she held him. "You're not going to talk to me, are you?" he asked, fearing the answer. He lifted her chin with his index finger and felt her head move from side to side slowly.

"I see. Well, then why are you here?" She took his hand and walked him to his chair, and sat him down in it. She then picked up his other hand in hers and kneeled in front of him.

He waited to see what would happen next. She brought his hands to her face, and guided them to lightly touch her hair, which was fine and silky, a little past shoulder length and thick. She brought his hands down to her ears, which were small and delicate, with small pierced earrings, then around to her face. It was an oval face, with a rounded chin, very soft lips, what seemed to be large eyes with long lashes. Her cheeks were high, and as his fingers traced her lips again, she playfully reached out her tongue and licked a finger tip, then quickly grabbed the finger gently with her teeth and slowly pulled the finger into her mouth, teasing the tip with her tongue as it went in deeper and deeper. She slowly sent the finger out, and as it came from between her lips she softly kissed it as if promising more.

Her hands now holding his wrists, she put them on her shoulders and slowly moved them around her neck. As his hands met at her throat, her head tilted back as if she was relishing the feel of them, closing her eyes and losing herself in the sensations. From what he had "seen" touched so far, she was wearing a simple sleeveless top with a medium neckline. She continued moving his hands, now moving slowly down the curve of her neck and up the curve of her breasts. They were larger than average, but not too much for her small frame, and he was able to feel a smooth bra under the shirt she was wearing. He also noticed that her nipples were already reacting to this touching tour. As the hands moved down, they found a slender rib cage, and waist, and then the hem of her shirt. She took his hands, and in one smooth motion lifted the shirt off and set it behind her, capturing his hands again quickly. Now she leaned into him a little more, and "showed" him the softness of the silk bra she had on. As he was touching each breast, gently stroking each nipple, she reached back and undid the clasp, and the bra fell away. Her breasts were very firm, and the nipples were now very hard. She gracefully stood up, and leaned into him, and he felt the soft skin of a nipple on his lips. He took each one and sucked it, nibbling a little and sending shivers down her spine. She then leaned back and brought his hands to the top of her skirt. He could feel the swell of her hips, and the curve of her ass as she slowly turned in front of him. She stopped facing him again, and he heard the sound of a zipper, and then the rustle of fabric as it fell away from her body.

She reached for his hands again, and brought them to her knees, moving them slowly up and around the soft curves of her legs, then around her to the round cheeks of her ass. She stepped closer, and stood with her feet apart slightly. She put one of his hands on her hip, and took the other and curled all the fingers but two into a fist. These two fingers she used to trace the insides of her thighs, then to caress the top of her pelvis, moving down to show him the silky smoothness of her shaved mound. She put another finger in with the others, and used his index finger to slowly explore the thin line of wetness between her legs. She was shivering now, not from cold but from desire. Here she was, standing in front of him, and all he could "see" of her was what came through his hands.

He was amazed. This lovely creature in front of him was apparently here to fulfill a number of fantasies, and she was beautiful. Every curve of her, her scent, her skin. All very soft and sexy. It was nearly impossible to follow her lead, but he didn't want the magic to end.

Her desire was starting to become more urgent. She climbed up and sat on his lap, reaching up and kissing him long and hard, letting his hands wander all over her body. Everywhere he touched now, her skin was getting warmer and warmer. Her scent was now a mixture of the expensive perfume and her natural scent, and was filling his head with images of desire.

Next she pulled him to his feet, and started to undress him. She slowly worked her hands under his shirt, and lifted it over his head. When that was done, she spent time touching him as she had done for him before. Kissing what she touched, nibbling here and there, and sliding her bare skin against his when she could, just to tease. He felt every touch, every subtle contact of her skin on his. At this point he was hyperaware of her, waiting for each soft caress, each brush and contact.

Again she knelt in front of him, and slowly removed his pants. He stepped out of them, and she slowly admired his very erect penis. It was above average, long and relatively thick. She used her fingertips to softly stroke it, and it became even more rigid. She took it in her hand, and slowly moved her hand up and down, providing more complete stimulation. She then took his hands again and placed them on her shoulders as she bent forward and took the entire length of his cock into her mouth. He could feel the muscles of her throat contracting as she seemed to try and swallow everything at once. His legs were shaking, and before he stumbled, she brought him down on the floor and laid him on his back.

She was kissing him again, moving her body next to his. Soon she was on top, with the length of his cock up against her belly. She wiggled up , and straddled him. Reaching between her legs, she sank onto his cock slowly, wanting him to feel every second of his entrance. Soon he felt exactly how hot she really was. She began a slow rhythmic dance while he was inside her. She moved her hips back and forth, side to side, and he could feel the head of his cock at the top of her vagina. It was incredible, and he was afraid he'd cum any time. But just when that thought occurred to him, she slid off him and rolled onto her back.

Now she brought his hands back to her, and put them on her legs. As he felt what she was doing, she raised her legs, parted them, and brought them up nearly over her head. Then she brought his hands down and showed him as she parted her lips in invitation. He did not need any further encouragement. He gently climbed on top, and bent to kiss her as he slid his cock as deep inside her as it could go. Her breathing was getting faster now, and it seemed as though the deep penetration had set something off in her body. As he pumped into her, her body responded with a fever that pushed them to spiral higher and higher in mutual ecstasy.

Soon, much sooner than he wanted, he felt the familiar tightening in his balls, and the orgasm hit them both like a nuclear explosion. Waves and waves of pleasure coarsed through both of them, seemingly without end. When it was finally over, he slid out and stretched out next to her, holding her sensuous body as they cooled off.

She tipped her head up and kissed him softly, and then got to her feet. She collected her clothes, got dressed, and was about to leave. Just as she was at the door, she quickly ran back to him, bent down and kissed him again, and quickly whispered in his ear, "Happy birthday to me" and then she was gone.