 There was this woman I worked for from time to time. She knew my deceased mother and so even though she always called me with pain in the ass type of jobs, I would dutifully show up and take care of whatever she needed. Mrs. Kramer was getting old now and was reluctant to make big changes so I was always patching up her home with duct tape so to speak.

One day, as I was leaving, she mentioned to me her daughter Denise needed some touch up work done at her home nearby. I rolled my eyes to myself. "Oh great. Just what I need. More pain in the ass work!" But, what the hell, I agreed to go over to her daughter's house Saturday morning. 

"She belongs to a biking club and they always ride Saturday mornings." She advised me.

When I got to Denise's house that Saturday I seemed to get a deja vu sensation. I'd been at this house before. I even sort of recognized Denise when she opened the door. Late forties, decent figure and kinda pretty. She told me I'd been there six years prior to look at her kitchen which was definitely in need of repair or replacement even then. Now it was a disaster. Holes in the hollow core cabinet doors, hinges broken or missing. Aged golden oak stain.

Denise was really friendly and apologized for dragging me out to look at his mess. Turned out she was divorced now and her grown son was graduating from college and planning to come back to Los Angeles to live with her until he got started working in his field. Problem was her ex husband wanted to sell the house and have his son live with him instead.

"He says I've messed up the property and he needs me to get it fixed up to sell." She admitted. This house must have been built in 1960 or so and hell yes! it needed work. I told Denise it wasn't all her fault, After all, any house built that long ago would need a lot of work. We continued to chat as she took me through the house which revealed a lot of old and worn out doors, floors, light fixtures and so on.

I shook my head. "Denise, where do you go if he sells the house?" She lowered her eyes.

"I...I don't really know. He's been letting me live here at reduced rent for three years now and he insists he owes me nothing." She continued to avoid my gaze.

I explained that it would seem to me that it would make sense for him to spend some money to fix up the house and then sell or rent it. Of course, both options would leave Denise out in the cold. I suggested he spend the dough to fix up the house and then have his son live here and add something to the rent every month. His son would have a place to live and so would his mother. A win win situation!

Again Denise avoided my gaze. "He's...still bitter about our divorce." was all she could muster up to say in response.

It was totally none of my business but I couldn't help but ask. "What was the problem?" They'd been married 13 years and had a son together. Now, after 8 years, he was still pissed enough to basically put her out on the street. There was a long pause. Finally, Denise spoke.

Ron wanted to do stuff. In bed. Stuff I wasn't comfortable with." She said quietly. Then she finally looked up at me. "Jeff I never refused to, you know, have sex! But, well, he wanted more and I tried to explain to him that I wasn't that kind of girl. I know it sounds old fashioned and silly but..."

"Oh, so he wanted you to have sex with a group of bikers while he videotaped the whole thing?" I asked with a smile on my face.

She understood my humor and smiled back. 

"No. Nothing like that but...um...well, he wanted oral." She reluctantly admitted. "Hell, any guy would want that Denise." I smiled. "I don't think that's really..."

"I'm sorry. I know men expect that sort of stuff nowadays but, well, he knew what kind of girl I was when he married me!" She insisted.

I looked at the attractive divorcee and wished there was a simple solution to her problem. I was really in no position to be giving advice on such a personal issue but apparently there wasn't anyone else helping out so...

"Denise, I don't think your situation is necessarily hopeless." I began. But I think you need to change your thinking about...sex, for things to work out for you." Of course Denise began to interrupt me.

"Oh, I...I'm just...I never..."

"No," I quickly shot back. "It's not a matter of 'I've never.' Its a matter of 'I haven't yet!'" I replied smiling. "Oral sex isn't difficult to perform but it does involve the woman, in this case you, agreeing to sacrifice her pleasure to please the man, in this case, your ex husband." Denise finally made eye contact with me and quietly said...

"Sacrifice my pleasure?"

"Yes, exactly. Once you accept that, it's just a matter of taking his cock, excuse me, into your mouth and he'll do the rest, believe me, it isn't hard. You don't have to actually 'suck' him. Just make your mouth available and he'll satisfy himself."

Denise was mortified by my brutally frank assessment of her situation. "I...I wouldn't even know where to begin." I left that comment floating in the air there in her little suburban living room before replying. 

"You would begin by getting on your knees and pulling down his zipper." I said smiling. "Then you fish out his cock. Make sure you have privacy of course, then look up and make eye contact and take his cock into your mouth."

Denise's shocked expression disappeared from her face now. She seemed to be interested in my graphic instructions. Her eyes never left mine.

"Now, he might not be fully erect when you start out but it shouldn't take too long for that to happen. If he needs a little help, take off your panties and use them to softly caress his balls while you suck his cock. Let him take his time but never let his prick slip out of your mouth. Show him you're determined to please him."

"Take...take off my panties? And use them to...touch his balls."

I knew Denise had heard me the first time. She apparently just wanted to hear more of my "Explanation."

"That's right Denise. Take off your panties and show him your bare pussy for just a moment and then go back to sucking cock. He'll like that! Now, do you shave your pussy?"

"Oh my goodness no!" She fired back. She thought for a moment and then quietly asked: "Should I?"

"All guys like to see a hairless pussy!" I advised her. "You go to the gym and I assume you've noticed all the younger women are shaved these days. Just join the club!"

A little smile came over Denise's face right about then. 

"So, I shave my...my pussy, then I take off my panties and use them to tickle his balls while I'm sucking his cock!" She finally managed to say out loud. "But...well, what do I do at the...the end?"

I shook my head at the pretty divorcee's naive comment. I think she knew very well what she was supposed to do at "The End" but she wanted me to explain it to her.

"You look up at him when you sense he's about to cum and whisper 'Cum in my mouth honey! Let me have your essence." Remember, that sperm is where your beautiful son came from. It's really what a man has to give to a woman. His essence. What a woman has to give to a man is her body. In any and every way he desires it."

This was all quite a bit for Denise to accept after so many years of religious upbringing. Still she knew I was giving her the unvarnished truth from the male perspective. I could tell she was still trying to digest all of this. I just added one more salacious detail.

"And, when he cums in your mouth? You swallow all of his seed. Don't spit it out and don't waste a drop of it."

"Oh, my goodness!" She remarked again. "That's so nasty!"

"Exactly." I simply replied. I looked at Denise thinking over all I'd said and then her eyes met mine. I took a chance and gathered Denise into my arms until our bodies were touching. She gazed up at me and then, to my surprise, she planted a little kiss onto my lips. I held her to me for a few moments and then...I stepped back and pointed to the carpet. Her eyes widened as she came to understand my suggestion. She hesitated but then slowly moved to her knees in front of me. I felt her hands on my fly and then felt my zipper moving downward. Denise's soft hands were fishing around and then I felt her fingers lightly touching my semi hard penis. And those fingers felt good!

"Mmmmm!"" I responded. When she'd managed to free my cock from my pants I felt her warm breath on my bloated cock head and then...then Denise took my cock into her never before violated mouth!

"Oh...Oh!" I involuntarily gasped. Yes, I guess I was expecting this to happen at this point but the reality of it was still astonishing. My cock quickly hardened in her softly sucking mouth and I began to move deeper and deeper into her. Her blue eyes twinkled as she looked up at me, apparently warming to the task now. I made a quick gesture to her lower body and Denise caught my drift. Unfortunately she was wearing those tight biking pants but she was not discouraged. She simply released my cock from her warm wet mouth and moved to her feet. She peeled her tight pants down and then her simple white panties followed revealing her lightly haired vagina. Denise gave me a few moments to admire her bare pussy and it was definitely admirable! Her tightly closed pussy lips were a delightful shade of pink and a barely visible trace of moisture appeared where they came together. She'd become excited as our brutally frank sex conversation had progressed! Yes, I had thoughts about tossing the blow job out the window and trying to fuck Denise but, after all, I was supposed to be teaching her about oral sex so...

Denise picked up her sexy and still warm panties and returned to the task at hand: Sucking my cock! She quickly brought her little panties to my lust filled scrotum and began to softly caress my balls while she took as much cock into her mouth as she could.

It wasn't quite enough. I couldn't help myself! I took Denise's head into my hands and shoved all of my wildly stimulated cock into her vainly resisting throat! She gave a useless whimper of complaint but I managed to stuff myself into her oral cavern until my pubic hairs mashed into her nose. Then I began to fuck Denise's mouth with smooth rhythmic strokes, pleasing myself now. Her soft warm panties continued to stimulate me and her submissive cries just inflamed me all the more. I thought of the brief glimpse she'd afforded me of her bare pussy and I considered how few men had ever realistically seen that!

On and on, Denise was sucking to please now. She'd accepted my need for deep penetration and did her best to take all of my big and bloated hard on into her mouth. Her left hand was teasing my balls with her panties and her right hand was sliding up and down my cockshaft as she did her best to please me. It wouldn't be long now. My balls were getting ready to give up their essence and then, to my surprise, Denise looked up at me and quietly begged: 

"Oh Jeff! Cum in my mouth! Give me all your sperm! Don't spare me!" And, with that, she moved her soft warm panties behind my balls to lightly tickle my asshole! That was too much! The teasing little minx! She continued to attempt to penetrate my anus with her panties as I redoubled my efforts, shoving all the cock I had into her whimpering mouth! And then...then I was there! I began to cum like I never had before, shooting streams of white-hot sperm into Denise's gratefully accepting mouth. Yes, she gave a few insincere grunts of complaint but still began to swallow as she felt my semen filling her mouth. And swallow she did! Denise continued to caress my balls in an attempt to get all of the jism into her mouth until, at last, I was finished. 

I took a moment to recover before collapsing onto the sofa. Denise had this silly smile on her face as she looked at me there still gasping from the thrilling blow job I'd unexpectedly received. She used her little panties to clean off the tiny bit of sperm that had escaped her voraciously sucking mouth and then handed them to me.

"Here. You can keep these!" She said with a little smile. That smile. Somehow right about then I began to wonder about how much or little sexual experience Denise actually had. Yes, it took a bit of work to get her started but, once she got my hardened cock into her mouth, she really worked hard to please me. And she succeeded! And that panties into my asshole thing towards the end...Just beginners luck?

And, finally she spoke. "So, I need to shave my pussy but otherwise...?

Now I wore a great big smile. "Otherwise you're the hottest piece of ass I ever had Denise!" I truthfully admitted. "And your ex-husband will be crazy to let you go if you treat him like you just treated me!"

Denise climbed onto the sofa and we shared some kisses then. She quietly thanked me for her "Lesson" and then walked me out to the truck.

"Let me know how it works out, okay?" I said as I got ready to back out of her driveway.

"Oh, I will!" She coyly responded. "I'll give you all the dirty details!"

I drove off down the little suburban street, Denise's panties, still warm, in my pocket!