 "Hi," that was all she heard or even needed, that sweet southern voice making her melt inside as if on cue. Instant arousal.

"Hi to you too," her voice was as soft as his, her eyes widened.

"I'm feeling very selfish right now." His voice changed into a growl that made her stomach contract with tension. She thought could see it in his eyes.

"Oh? I suppose there is something you want then." She was quiet, waiting for what she knew he would say. 

"Damn right! I am going to fuck you and fuck you hard. Just use you for my pleasure. I don't care about what you want, you're my fucktoy." There was demand coming from him. "What do you have to say about that?" Although he couldn't care less about a response.

"I, umm, well, I....." she was cut off by him. 

"Get on your knees and suck me, now." He was serious she knew and she did as he wanted. 

"Yea, that's right bitch, keep sucking me, I'll tell you when to stop." He would get what he wanted from her, he would make sure of that. He was going to train her well.

"Deeper, take me deeper you cock sucker. I want to hear you gag on my cock."

The sound of her gagging made him want more from her and he would get more no matter what.

She could feel him thrusting into her mouth deeper, pushing himself down her throat. She knew when he was like this there was only one thing to do and that was whatever he wanted.

"You like that don't you? Yea, you're my little cock sucker aren't you? Hmmmm?"

She couldn't reply and he couldn't care what she had to say anyway, this was all about him. All about his pleasure, he would fuck her any damn way he wanted. He had the power and he used it on her.

"You gonna let me cum in your mouth? Hmmmm, are you?" There was nothing soft in his voice now, just raw power. She was trying to shake her head yes so he would know but he didn't care anyway, this was all his choice.

"Well, maybe I will let you, but I'm not done with you yet. I haven't even begun to fuck you." With his cock out of her mouth she gasped for air. 

"I want you to play with your tits, NOW. Pull those nipples, yea, that's right, pull them harder." He would play her until he was done; he knew she couldn't fight him.

"Ouch, oh.... Ummm, ooowww." Her voice was a bit shaky and he loved that. It only made him want to push her more.

"Don't stop. I didn't tell you to stop. Now pinch them, squeeze them hard between your thumb and finger. Yea, do that my little toy, do that." She almost felt scared but she couldn't show it. She knew that would excite him more. He loved the moans of pains she made and was stroking his cock as he inflicted his demands on her.

"Squeeze your tits together, harder, do it the way I like it. Do it!" His voice had an edge of rage, she better comply or else.

"Harder, yea, like that. You know what I want? Hmmmm, do you?" He asked as if he really cared what she thought, HA, he couldn't care less.

"Yes, I know, I know." She almost whimpered. He loved it and he knew he had her.

"Oh, you do, do you? Well, tell me bitch, what do I want? Tell me what I want." Spitting the words at her.

"You want to fuck my tits." There was a hesitation in her voice and he stomped right on it.

"What? What am I going to do to you?" That demand ever present, she had better speak louder.

"You are going to fuck my tits." That's the way he wanted to hear it.

"That's right I am and you know what else? Hmmm? You're gonna love it aren't you? Cuz you're my little slut aren't you?" He was upping the ante here.

"Yes. Yes I am." There was almost a cry in her voice.

"No, don't go trying to cry on me, tell me the way you are going to love it."

"I am, I am going to love it. I want you to fuck my tits. I do." She was complying the best she could.

"Yea that's right, do that, mmmmm yea, that feels good. You like that don't you? Yea I know you do, cuz you're a little slut. You let me do whatever I want don't you?" He was pushing hard now, bringing her to where he wanted.

"Yes, I let you do what you want." Each response sent a quiver in her. How could she allow this she thought?

"Yea that's right, you do. You can't believe you do either can you? You're just a little whore. Doing what ever I tell you, isn't that right?" He was egging her on more and more, pushing the boundary because he knew he could. He was ready to move on to something else now too.

"Open your legs bitch. Do it." That demand again, she heard it and she complied too.

"Yea, just look at that pussy, all wet and shiny. You love this don't you? You can't hide it now, I see how much you love this." 

"Yes, yes, I love it. I want it." Her response was more forceful now. Maybe she did have some fight in her. Maybe.

"Ummm, oh it looks so good, doesn't it feel good? I know it does. Umm, let me taste that, yea, spead those legs, cuz I'm coming in." Damn, she could feel him licking her, sucking and biting. There was nothing gentle and loving here that was for sure.

"Oh, yea.....ahh", her moans betrayed her now. She'd just lost any power she may have thought she had.

"Yea I know. I know bitch, you love it. That's right, keep it up cuz I'm going make you cum so fucking hard. You want to though don't you? Don't you?" When she heard that tone she knew she had to answer.

"I do, I want to. I want you. So bad. Ahhhh, ooohhh," each touch sending her closer to the edge, playing into his hands. 

"Yea, I know you do. I know you better than you know yourself. And you know I do, don't you? I know you better than yourself!" He made sure she knew it too.

"Yes, yes, you do. You know me. You know I love it, I have to have it." It sounded so degrading coming from her mouth.

"Yea that's good baby, its ok." He turned his tone smoother, his every move was planned.

"Are you gonna cum for me, baby, are you? Hmmm? Yea, go ahead, cum for me." He was pushing just a bit more again.

"Yea, yea, I am...... oooooOOOO, ahhhh......" Only sounds came from her now.

"That's right, cum. Come on. Cum for ME now!!" He made her cum over and over. He pushed and pushed, until she begged for mercy.

"Oh god, oh god, please..... oh goddddddddddd." Panting, struggling on each sound.

"Ok, ok, baby, breathe, yea...... just breathe. But you know what? We're not done are we?" He had a low sinister tone in his voice, he was ready to get what he wanted now. She heard that in his voice. His breath was calm as he told her what he wanted next.

"Oh god, no, please no. Don't make me, no, I can't take it." She was pleading with him.

"Oh you don't want that baby? Hummm, well that's too damn bad cuz I do." He would not be denied now, he had taken everything else and he would take this too.

He told her what to do, he demanded it actually. She knew she had no strength left to fight. She turned over onto her stomach, buried her head in the pillow. On her knees, her ass was there for him.

"That's right, my good little slut. Feel that? Feels good doesn't it? Yea, I know it does, I know you like it." He knew by her sounds and movements she wanted it.

"I'll tell you what I am going to do with you ok? I'm going to fuck your ass. You want that don't you? Don't you?" Again using that "couldn't care less" tone. He would do what he wanted. 

"Do you feel that? That's me. That's my hard, thick cock. Feel it.... Yea I know you do. And you love it too, you little slut. My little slut." He kept pushing her. Her mouth was biting the pillow, her voice muffled but he knew she liked it.

"Mmmmm, oh that feels so good. Feel me going deeper? Hmmm, do you? Yea, I know you do. Deeper and deeper, yea, that's me, that's my hard cock and I'm gonna cum in your ass. I'm going to fill your ass with my hot, thick cum and you're going to love it aren't you?" He pushed on and on. 

She heard him about to cum, she knew the sounds he made. He wouldn't stop until he was done. More and more he came, until they both were spent. Panting for breath, gasping for air. Waiting for their eyes to refocus. Finally, they could talk again, their voices returned.

"Oh my gawd that was fantastic!" His voice wasn't mean anymore – it was that sweet southern drawl again. "Oh my fucking gawd." 

"I know, I know it was." She was still panting and feeling aftershocks. "Wow!"

"I hate to do this but I have to go, I'm sorry." He was sorry too. 

"I know you do." And they both hung up their phones.