 We meet in a luxurious hotel room, to begin our illicit affair. You are dressed in a sexy outfit, which shows all of your curves. We sit down and I grab a bottle of quality chardonnay that I have been chilling. We savor the wine and each other, knowing this is the night we have been putting off for years. No one knows we are here as we are alone in our own den of desire. Drinking our wine too fast, we become intoxicated in the alcohol and each other. I stand up and turn on a mix CD that I had made for you, which starts with a song by the sensuous jazz voice of Diana Krull.   

I stand behind you, pressing myself up tightly against your body. I start kissing your neck, while wrapping my arm around you to hold you even tighter against me. You feel my hardness rubbing on your backside, as I whisper that I want to taste your whole body. I then take off your top and continue to kiss down your back, moving my hands softly over your skin. Turning you around, I look you in your beautiful eyes and tell you how long I have wanted this moment to happen. Next, I kiss your wet, warm mouth, as I feel even harder. I slide off your dress, leaving you in your silk panties and a push-up bra. I smile, soaking you in, my mind completely objectifying your beauty. You are the epitome of voluptuousness, with every inch of your skin meant for sin. 

You take off my shirt and I unsnap your bra, so we can feel the heat of our skin more closely. We begin to kiss more passionately as I hold you strongly in my arms.  I then start to work my way to your ears, softly breathing and smooching them. Next, I go back to your neck, licking lightly down it, as my tongue lowers its way down to your nipples. I lightly stroke the top of your chest with my fingertips, while running my tongue all over your breasts, except for your nipples. I then move my hand down to the outside of your panties and rub your pussy, while finally putting your nipples into my lips and gently sucking and licking them. 

Telling me it isn’t fair that I still have my pants on; you go to your knees, unbuttoning my pants and leaving me in my boxer briefs. You run your hands up my muscular calves and chiseled thighs, until you reach the major bulge stretching my black Calvins. Taking both your hands, you pull them down, with my hard cock popping out, straining to be sucked by your sensuous lips. You don’t let me down, administering your tongue from the top to the bottom of my hardness. After a couple of minutes of your teasing, my cock aches to be engulfed, so I grab you by your hair and plunge inside your mouth. You look up at me, your gorgeous eyes purveying the erotic nature of the moment. Your hands squeeze my rounded, athletic butt that you have wanted to grab for so long. 

I say to you that it’s my turn, pulling you up to me and sliding your panties down. I see the moisture on the inside of your thighs. I take two of my fingers and just briefly stroke them across your pussy, just so I can put them in my mouth. I then grab your fingers, and have you replicate what I had just did, telling you that I wanted you to see how good you taste. You could never of imagined yourself doing this, but in the moment it made you feel even nastier and more on fire. Taking your hand, I lead you to the large bed telling you to lie flat on your stomach. I get on all fours and rub my beard across your beautiful bottom. The soft hairs tickle your skin, as you purr "what are you doing." I tell you just to relax, as I'm here to take care of you. Next I run my tongue down you’re the crack of ass, sliding it all the way to the beginning of your slit. I then flip you over, so I can continue to bathe your skin in my kisses. 

I lick your all around the sparse pubic hair you have, tasting everything that isn’t pink. You are squirming, so I grab your hands in mine, and then begin to softly lap up your wet lips. I know your engorged clitoris wants my attention, but I make you wait, much like you had done to me. Finally, I do what you have been begging for, but not before I tell you to play with your breasts, while I bring you to the orgasm you need. While your fingers pinch your nipples, I pull the skin of your abdomen up, further exposing your love button. Sucking it gently, I begin to twirl my tongue in a clockwise fashion. I hear your girlish voice sighing “Oh yes, Oh yes.” I begin to increase the tension of my sucking, while at the same time speeding up the twirling of my tongue. You tell me you can’t take anymore, but knowing that you can, I grab your hands back and hold them firmly, while continuing my attack on your defenseless pussy. Your hips are off the bed, as your body is being completely controlled by the nerve endings of your clit. All of sudden, you start to shake, as your skin flushes and you squeal that you are cumming. Your whole body continues shaking, as my tongue thrashes around, my face bathed in the juices of your sex. 

While you are lying on the bed, I get up for a second. You watch me walk across the room, looking at my well-defined body and especially hard cock. You know that as great as your orgasm was, you still need to feel my strength and hardness inside of you. The inside of your pussy aches to be filled by my cock. I come back to the bed with a bottle of oil. I begin to squirt the oil in my hands and rub them together, so it will be hot when it touches your skin. I tell you to flip over again so I can start by rubbing your shoulders, deeply and rhythmically. It is not the touch of someone who is kneading bread, but instead the touch of man who wants to rub you so sensually that you feel relaxation and ecstasy all at once. As I work the oil into your wonderful skin, I start to slide my fingers down your spine, which makes you arch your ass in the air. As I rub down to the bottom of your spine, you feel chills all over and as I continue to roll the tension away with my thumbs, you feeling a burning desire in the walls of your pussy. 

I then move down to your feet, letting my oiled fingers rub between your toes and the insteps. Next I rub your calves, as your skin glistens with the oil. As I reach your thighs, you are squirming again, as I then run my hands all the way up your ass. I tell you that I need to straddle you to get a better grip, so I sit on your slick cheeks, pressing my hands into your back again, while sliding my cock up and down the crack of your butt. After a couple of minutes of this, I pull you up on all fours, so your ass is sticking out, just waiting for me to plunge myself in your pussy. 

I grab my cock at the base, so the head is completely tight, making it easier to rub the front of your clit from behind. The wetness I feel on the rest of my hardness is incredible. You plead that "I need you so bad inside me, baby", but I continue to tease you. I then rub my chest on your back and whisper in your ear "that I want to fill you up so badly" and plunge deep inside, fucking you hard and slow. Your butt presses up tightly against my thighs, as I hold you with one hand around your belly, while the spanks your behind. After a few minutes of this intense passion, I tell you it is time to massage your front. I pour more oil right on you, as the heat of your body just absorbs it. I then pour some on my own body, your hands rubbing the oil into my pecs and thighs, my cock jutting out in front of me. We then start to rub against each other with our slick bodies forming a sensual bond. We don't go on long with this teasing, as you start rubbing your oily hands across my round butt and pull me deep inside you. It is a whole new sensation, as both of us wanted this from the first time we met. We look into each others eyes knowing that this is the most sexual night of our lives. 

I tell you that I want you on top of me, so I can look at your shiny breasts bouncing while I thrust up inside you. Sinking back down on me, you grind your hips on my thighs, rubbing your clit against my pelvis, while at the same time feeling my engorged cock rubbing on your front walls. You tell me that you are going to cum, as I grab you close to me, chests beating together, as I French kiss you with the most passion I have ever had. You stop kissing me to tell me that you are cumming. The combination of your incredible body and the sexiest voice I know, cause me to cum, with me spasming again and again. I am cumming so hard I am lifting you up in the air with each thrust, which causes a second orgasmic wave to come over you. We fall asleep in each other's arms, knowing that this was a night we will judge all others against.