 "I think I may need a favour," said Ed Friar to his son.

"What can I do for you?" Nick Friar said, taking a drink from the beer his father had handed him.

"You seem to have turned me into a girl magnet."

Nick laughed. "I have?"

"Well, something has. Used to be I was invisible to anyone female under the age of fifty, but this last month or two, something's changed."

"Any particular girls? Apart from Louise and Gina, of course? And Kate Jones, for that matter..."

"One in particular. Her name is Rebecca -- Rebecca Allyn. She works in the files department next to my office."

"And you've pulled her."

"No, she's trying to pull me. It started quietly enough -- lots of her dropping by to talk to me, finding excuses, you know? But it's been getting more and more obvious. I think she undoes a button or two before she comes in now. Keeps leaning over the desk, asking about my private life, talking about what she wears in bed -- or doesn't..."

Nick laughed again. "Blimey. Well, like I say, it's amazing what a bit of confidence will do for anyone, and Louise and Gina certainly gave you that. Go for it, I say."

"I know you would, but there's a difference here."

"Uh-huh?"

"To start with, I have to work with her. Sure, we could get away with a quiet affair, but I doubt it'd stay that, and then things would just get difficult around the office. But more importantly, Becca is just eighteen. Yeah, yeah, I know that doesn't make much odds to you, but there's a difference between twenty-three-year-olds like Louise and Gina, who are old enough to know what they're doing, and a quiet little teen like Becca. She's obviously looking for a father figure..."

"What makes you say that?"

"The whole way she looks at me -- and frankly, her whole little-girl way of trying to flirt with me. I don't think she's very experienced, actually. I could get her into bed without much effort, but I'd feel like a shit, and god knows what she'd end up doing."

Nick took another drink and looked thoughtful. "Okay," he said, "I can suggest one or two things that might help -- but you'll owe me afterwards. Still, seeing as you've chosen to blame me for your sudden effect on women..."

 **** **** **** **** ****