 So hot... It was about 2 in the afternoon as the sun beat down on Nate's back. Erica had asked him if he wouldn't mind doing some yard work for her during the day. Nate currently didn't have a job as he had just moved down to Denver after graduating college. He of course accepted the job. For one it was Erica he would be working for and two, it gave him something to do during the day. Today was hot though, really hot. Nate could feel the back of his neck and the tops of his shoulders burning in the sun's rays. The yard work he was doing wasn't hard by any means, his athletic build and his runners endurance made the job an easy one, but it was taking him a long time to find motivation for the tedious tasks. All day he had been pulling weeds, trimming brush, mowing and raking. It was time to rest a little while.

The best thing about the situation Nate was in, is that he had asked that Erica and her roommates pay him in beer, gas money and food. He wasn't paying rent at the house he currently lived in so as long as he was well fed, could afford to get to where he needed to work and had some cold beer once he got there, he was a happy camper. He headed to the fridge and pulled out a bottle of Blue Moon, then sat at the kitchen table. Alone in a house where three lovely ladies resided, it was tempting to walk around the rooms and do the typical guy thing. (See the beds, feel the panties, you know.) Today Nate was dog tired though, instead he just sat and enjoyed his cold brew.

Erica meanwhile was at work half way across the city. Her birthday was on Monday but the girls had planned a big night for her the following Saturday. That was actually the reason Nate was at her house doing the yard work. She wanted the house and the yard to be clean and ready for the party. She had been doing work all day as well but in the comforts of an air conditioned office. She also needed a break from work though and began tooling around on the internet. Nate had just written his first story about the two of them and it was up on Literotica. She had read the story many times before, but the thought of her reading it at work got her loins a little tingly.

She got to the story and as she read it she could feel herself heating up. Her pussy became wet as the images ran through her mind. She wished that she could re-enact the words she was reading on the screen. Today though, all she could do was work herself up. Her legs tightened as she could feel the first drops move down her inner thigh. She looked over at the clock, desperately hoping it was five... she wouldn't have to wait too much longer.

Being Friday, Nate was on his last day of yard work and the girls in the house would be home sooner today than earlier in the week. As he tilled the area that would soon be the girl's garden, one of the roomies came home. Mariah came out back to visit for a bit and asked Nate if she could borrow his manliness to move the grill she had just bought from the car to the backyard. After chatting for a while, she went inside to clean some things in preparation for the party. Soon, Kerry also returned home. Nate could hear them chatting inside while he finished up the small details still left to be done in the yard.

Mariah and Kerry both came outside just as Nate was finishing up. 

"Hey, we are going to head out for a while. Is there anything you would like us to pick up for you while we're gone?"Mariah asked.

"No, I'm just about finished here and unless you can bring me a nice cold shower, I think I'm good." Nate replied.

"Alright sounds good, don't work too hard!" Mariah said as she walked back inside.

Nate heard the car doors shut as he picked up his rake and shovel. Carrying them back to his pile of things, he passed the doorway. Looking inside for a moment he saw Erica! She must have gotten home sometime within the last five minutes and slipped under his radar. The roommate he had waited for all day was right in front of him, bent over throwing some cloths into the washer. She was wearing just a simple pair of Soffe shorts and her bra, apparently unaware of Nate's presence. She stood up and walked back to her room. Nate stared at her ass as she walked away from him. Seeing her in just a bra and short shorts, Nate found some energy within himself and was becoming a little excited.

He quickly put the rest of his things down and took off his gloves. Knowing the roommates were gone he devised a plan to hopefully sneak a peak at Erica's young tight dancer body. He was going to walk strait into the bathroom which was located just passed Erica's room, while pretending not to know she was home.

As he walked into the house, Erica heard the door shut. She didn't think much of it and continued to sit at her computer checking her Myspace and other things. When Nate passed her doorway, he didn't even look into her room; instead, just walked right into the bathroom and shut the door leaving only the slightest bit cracked open. Nate knew she was there but didn't know she saw him pass right by. She tilted her head a little as if to say huh, I wasn't expecting that, then sat back in her chair. 

Well, Nate had been thinking about that cold shower ever since he jokingly brought it up with the girls outside and decided it could be fun to just take one there...

As Erica sat in her room she heard the shower start to flow. She got a little smirk on her face and was soon out of her chair walking toward the bathroom. She had no idea Nate knew she was home and it was that thought that already had her feeling naughty. On the other hand, Nate knew that Erica was home. It's why he left the door partially open, and why he had stripped naked while he tested the water. Erica approached slowly and peaked into the crack in the doorway. She could see Nate's tan, athletic body next to the shower curtain. She let her eyes wander up his strong, solid legs to his firm ass and tight defined back... she was getting really turned on when she decided to have some fun!

"Hey! What do you think you are doing?" she said.

"Um... I'm sorry I didn't Know..." Nate replied as he reached for a towel.

"Well I have to take a shower, and this is my house so that means I get to go first." She said flirtatiously.

"Babe, I'm sorry. Here go ahead the water is almost ready for ya." He replied.

Erica moved toward him and stuck her hand in the water.

"This water is a little cold don't you think?" 

"Well its really hot out, the girls left and I didn't know you were home so I thought I would cool off a little." He said to her.

He was just playing with her, but pulling it off well. Her nipples had hardened with the sight of Nate holding just a towel in front of his member. He was also doing that on purpose. Rather than cover everything by wrapping the towel around his body he had elected to simply hold the towel teasingly in the front, allowing her to see everything but what she really wanted. 

"Oh well this is too cold for me." She said

"I can see that." he exclaimed as he pointed to her chest.

"Hey! Maybe that not from just the water you ass!" She played back.

"If it is too cold for you, would you mind if I hopped in for just a minute to cool off?" he said with a smile.

"Well that depends, what is in it for me?" She then asked.

"I can turn the water to hot before I get out, that way it will be all ready for you when you get in."

"No, I was thinking more along the lines of, what are you going to do to me if I let you shower here."

Nate could feel his cock hardening under his towel as he replied.

"Well what do you want?"

"First get into the shower, we'll go from there" she said in a teasing voice.

Nate dropped his towel and slowly stepped into the shower. His speed let Erica clearly see that his cock was full grown and her heart fluttered with the sight. She took off her shorts and unstrapped her bra, moved over to the curtain and pulled it back. Nate was facing here with his head back in the water. The shower had just begun to dampen his pecs and abs and Erica followed the water with her eyes as it cascaded down his hard body. She turned to shut the curtain and as she did she felt his arms wrap around her. Wet and a little cold she loved the feeling of his slippery body pressed up against hers. She could feel his shaft make its way into her ass crack as she press against it.

"You know I read our story again while I was at work today. I have been waiting to get off ever since." She told him.

He just slowly licked her neck and whispered back.

"Good, I'm glad you like it babe. Tell me what else you like..."

"Mmm, I really like your cock against my ass like that." She moaned.

Nate reached up and grabbed one of Erica's breasts, letting his other hand slide down to her waiting pussy. 

"Do you like this too?" He asked.

Erica could do nothing as she went weak in the knees, falling ever so slightly down his body. Nate's fingers began to dance over her cunt while his other hand slowly massaged her breast. Her hands didn't know where to go. One reached up and over her, grabbing Nate's head and pulling it into her neck, the other found it's way behind her and wrapped itself around his cock.

"Stroke it Erica, Pull my cock for me." he said in a deep voice.

He played with her body while she stroked his cock, she ran the head of his member up and down her ass crack letting his precum drip all over her ass. Nate took his fingers from Erica's pussy and brought them to her face. She licked at them and then took each finger into her mouth one by one making sure to get it all off. Nate bucked back as she did this and slipped out of her grip. 

Slamming her hands up against the tile she bent over in front of him.

"Give it to me babe, I want your cock inside me" she said as she looked back at him.

With no delay Nate took her hips in his hands and she guided him into her hot tight pussy. They started slow and deep. She took all of him in and reached around with one hand to pull him even deeper. Her head flung back as she felt him slip the extra inch inside. Gradually he increased his speed, watching her ass ripple with his thrusts. 

"Fuck, that's right baby, harder, I want it harder!" She yelled.

He replied with no words, just harder thrusts. Her ass shaking violently, her hands moving up and down the tiles in front of her with each pump. Nate wasn't even moving his body, just pulling her hips onto his cock, then pushing her away again. Minutes passed as the two fucked in the shower. Wet bodies slapping each other, soft moans exchanged and wandering hands had set Erica up for an explosion. 

"Nate! I want to cum, let me cum on your cock!" her voice was desperate.

Nate reached up with one hand and took a hand full of her hair, pulling her head back.

"Then fucking cum babe! All over my cock!" he demanded.

Moaning almost uncontrolled with every thrust Erica came, and came hard. Her legs began to shake as her cunt expelled her warm thick juice down the shaft of her playmate. Her hands slipped down the tile as she struggled to let herself go but stay somewhat standing. Nate pulled at her hair and tightened his grip on her hip. He could feel the difference between the water and her cum on his legs and cock. He wasn't going to last long.

"Keep cuming babe! I'm gonna cum too!" He grunted

she let out a mini scream as she reached the peak of her climax and then started demanding.

"Fuckin cum inside me! I want to feel you cum deep in my pussy..." she sounded fierce.

With that quote, Nate could no longer hold on to his load.

"AHH Fuck!" He yelled.

Spurt after spurt of his hot cum came rushing out of his cock. Erica could feel her pussy fill with his juice. Her nails dug into the space between the tile and her back became stiff as she let him fill her cunt. Nate grunted with each deep thrust into Erica. Back and forth he went, his orgasm seemed to last forever. As the final spasms pulsed through his cock both Nate and Erica relaxed and let the water cool their hot, tired bodies. As the water bounced off of and dripped down the two of them, Nate just smiled and said...

"I'm glad I came over babe, you made my day."

"You can stay as long as you would like..." She replied.