 'God,' she said 'my cunt is sore, how many times have we fucked.' I loved a woman who wasn't afraid to talk dirty. 'That's the sixth time,' I answered. I sounded pretty proud of myself. I shouldn't have, I'd just been unfaithful for the first time in my marriage. Well to be absolutely correct the first, second, third, fourth, fifth and sixth time. And I wanted more.

Dennie was lying naked beside me. I reached over and stroked her nipples, they were hard to my touch, I rolled them gently between my thumb and forefinger trying to stretch them out as long as possible. She gave one of those contented sighs, the sort you only make during sex, and I was about to make it seven.

I had been married 16 years and until today my wife had been my only lover. We'd met young, fallen in love and tied the knot. It didn't bother me that I hadn't sown any wild oats I was determined to be a good husband and we'd had a reasonable sex life. But that had now changed. 

Nine months ago a girl I'd worked with got in touch after a long absence. We'd been very good friends with at one time but when the company had gone bust we'd gone in different directions. She had a baby and the common ground was gone. I'd always fancied her but never had the courage to take it further. This time around I did. I remember clearly sitting in my car, my heart in my mouth, mobile to my ear asking her if she's be interested in taking things further, but assuring her I didn't want to wreck her marriage, her reply was perfect, 'I understand,' she said 'you want to fuck me but not marry me, yeah OK.' Well a week later before I got anywhere near her she changed her mind and I was left frustrated and confused.

But it also changed my attitude, now I positively wanted to find out what it was like to fuck another woman.

I took Dennie's nipple in my mouth and ran my tongue over the end. She had ample breasts and I just loved to suck on them. Dennie brought her hand down on to the back of my head and pulled me hard into her, 'yes,' she said 'suck my tits I love that.' I alternated to the other breast rubbing the wet nipple I had just left, with my hand. I could feel my cock getting hard again, it was a bit sore itself but I wasn't going to worry about that. She must have been a 40D I guessed but a lot of that was because she wasn't a slim thing, hell nor was I! I traced a line between the two nipples with my tongue and then repeated it with kisses. 'I like that,' she said 'do it again.'

I had no idea about how to get another woman into bed, yeah I know it sounds stupid but I'd been out of the game for 20 years and although you want to fuck someone you don't want to screw up your marriage so you just can't walk up to a girl and say 'fancy a fuck.' I tried talking a couple of girls in the office to lunch but I'd never got a vibe that anything further would be welcome. I didn't want to get myself an office reputation for being the 40 year old who is chasing skirt.

I kissed Dennie on the lips and our tongues met. I had no idea if I was her second, or seventy-second lover, but she wasn't holding back and kissed passionately. Breaking away I kissed her chin then her throat, between her breasts and over her stomach. She opened her legs knowing full well where I was going. She smelt of sex, that fantastic mix of pussy juice and cum and hormones that excite your brain and take away the doubts. 'Turn around' she said 'I want your cock.' I swivelled so we were head to toe and prising her pussy open I suck on her clit causing a series of groans from Dennie. She was soaking wet, cum from my last orgasm was leaking down between her thighs I slid my thumb deep inside her and pressed the palm of my hand against her mound moving it around getting her deeply excited.

Dennie, her husband and two kids had moved in next door about 3 years ago. She was about 5' 3" and ample. I liked that firstly because she was so comfortable to screw into and secondly because being a bit overweight myself I had no need to feel self-conscious or try to keep pulling in my stomach to make me look good, I could be myself.

I felt Dennie's mouth close around the head of my cock, and her hand encircle my shaft. She began to wank my cock into her mouth, slow long strokes followed by quick furious wanking and deep sucking then back to slow strokes. After cumming six times already I had plenty of control and there was no danger of me cumming fast, I could just enjoy the sensations. 

Dennie was often in our house, she'd become good friends with my wife. I'd decided ages ago I fancied her and made sure I was around when she was, often just so I could stare at her beautiful breasts when she wasn't looking. I'd got the feeling that she liked me a lot and would occasional touch me on the shoulder, she always smiled at me and there was a warmth in her eyes.

Time to try something new I thought with my mouth firmly clamped over her clit, I let my little finger graze across her anus. There was no reaction so I did it again this time pressing my finger against the entrance. 'What are you doing' she asked 'I'd read that some women like this,' I said. 'Not sure' she said, 'do it again.' I soaked my finger in slippery juice from her pussy and slipped the tip in through the ring of her arse. This time I was greeted with a groan and I knew I was on to a winner.

My chance with Dennie had come at Christmas. All our neighbours had been invited in and the party was going well. I had had enough to drink that I was losing my inhibitions but not enough that I didn't know what I was doing. I managed to catch her alone in the utility room and taking all my courage told her that I though she was fantastic, that she look gorgeous and that although I knew she'd never agree, I'd love to go to bed with her. Her reply was the best present I could have asked for 'how do you know I wouldn't agree? The rest was just arranging a time and place.

'I want to fuck now' said Denny 'but I like what you're doing to my arse.' She turned over onto her front and raised her arse into the air. I had the perfect view of her hairy cunt open and inviting right in front of me. 'Fuck me like this' she said 'and stick your finger in my arse while you do it.' I came up behind her on my knees and slid my hard cock deep into her pussy. I parted her arse cheeks with my hands and slid my finger back through the ring of her anus. I pulled my cock almost out then thrust it back in hard, 'uurrgghh' she groaned 'again and harder,' anything to oblige! And I pushed and pulled my shaft in and out of that hot sticky cunt time and time whilst my finger buried deeper into her arse.

'Make me cum' she cried, 'make me cum again.' My pace became furious, I didn't care now I was consumed by the need to unload deep inside her and feel her cum around my cock. 'More' she said 'keep going, I can feel it coming' her groans became cries of pleasure, 'shit fuck fuck yes yes fuck me' she shouted 'I'm cumming oh god yes I'm cumming aaaarrrrghhhhhh yes yes.' I could let go I'd satisfied this lady. I concentrated hard on the feelings in my cock and was rewarded with that lovely build up of pressure when you know you're almost there. I tried to push harder and deeper into her and then let go with everything I had, feeling my hot cum shoot from the tip of my cock way inside that soaking pussy. I slowed to deep long strokes milking every last pulse from my orgasm before withdrawing and falling beside Dennie.

'Seven' I said, Dennie laughed, 'I think I can just about make it eight before you go' she said with a smile.