 I haven't been having much luck in my love life. It seems like all the women I date want a good time. Most of these ladies want to be wined and dined and I don't get much else out of it. Maybe it is because when they hear I am a dentist, dollar signs go off. The last woman I was seeing wanted to have me buy a wedding ring after two months of seeing her. I thought I would take a break from women for awhile. 

I was in the grocery store the other day when I ran into one of my patients. Her name is Stacy and I know she works for one of the local physicians nearby. I asked her how the new crown was holding up.

"Everything seems to be fine," she told me.

Stacy is normally not someone I would be interested in. Most of my previous dates were on the tall, thin side. Stacy is a big girl. She has curves and she definitely has big tits. I don't know what came over me right then. I asked her if she would like to go out to dinner some night. She gave me a strange look like I was pulling her leg. When I waited for her answer she must have realized I was serious.

Stacy told me she was free Friday night. Was that good for me? I asked her where she lived. I said I would stop by and pick her up. The date was on. I drove over to her place Friday night. She was waiting for me. She was wearing a tight dress, that much was for sure. She was showing cleavage and that dress was mighty short. We got to the restaurant I picked out. I ordered some wine as we waited for our food.

"Why did you ask me out Brian?"

I asked her what did she mean. Stacy said that a young, good looking guy who was a dentist shouldn't have any trouble getting the woman he wanted. I said that the women I dated seem to want to get a dentist for a husband. She asked how did I know she wasn't one of those females. I said I didn't know but I thought I would try something new. 

Stacy said she didn't get many offers to dine out. Most guys were not looking for a heavy set woman and if they were, they only were looking for a one night stand. I told her she could believe what she wanted but I wasn't that type of guy. At first she gave me a look like she didn't believe a thing I said but then our dinner arrived. Things got better from there. Maybe it was the wine that loosened up both up. We finished our meal and I drove back to Stacy's place.

I figured it was going to be a kiss and then our date would be over. Instead, Stacy invited me inside her apartment. We went in and Stacy said she wanted to change her clothes. As she was back in her bedroom I took a look around. Nurses who work at a physician's office must not make much money, I thought. This was a small one bedroom apartment from what I could see.

Stacy soon returned. My eyes went wide. She had changed into a short bathrobe. I could still see her ample cleavage and that robe was cut pretty short. Stacy sat across from me on her sofa. When she sat down, her robe hiked way up. I could swear I could see her bush from where I sat. Stacy asked me what my plans were. I thought she meant for my dental career. I told her I worked for an older dentist. I was his junior assistant.

I said I was trying to save up my money so I could one day strike out on my own. She shook her head after I finished.

"I meant, are you planning to stay the night?"

After she had told me about other guys and one night stands, I didn't know what to think. Stacy motioned for me to come over to the sofa. When I got there she reached out and started to unbuckle my pants. She got my pants and underwear down and then she slid forward. I watched as Stacy took hold of my dick and brought it to her lips. Just like that, Stacy was going down on my bone.

I hadn't been with a woman in a few months. This was unexpected. I put a hand on the back of her head and I pushed my cock down her throat. I will give Stacy this much. She was taking all of me down her throat. All I can tell you is that it felt so damn good. Stacy would look up at me to get a reaction. I was moaning as I worked my throbbing prick all the way in. Stacy sucked me for a few minutes and then she pulled off.

"Maybe we should go somewhere more comfortable," she said.

Stacy got up and led me to her bedroom. She untied her robe and let it slip to the floor. I was now looking at her enormous tits and her hairy bush. Stacy got onto the bed. She got on her hands and knees for me. I took the rest of my clothes off and joined her. I was now looking at her wide pussy lips. They looked to be invited me to enter. Stacy lowered her face to the bed and she lifted her ass up. I stood up on her bed. I placed my hands on her back and I positioned my cock head at her wet pussy. 

Stacy looked back at me as I stuffed my bone deep in her pussy. She let out this cry as I began to slide in and out of her wet hole. One thing was for sure. Stacy craved cock that night. I was pumping my bone all the way in and Stacy was gripping me with her muscles. I guess we just got crazy. I was thrusting into her all the way and then backing out until the tip of my dick was just at her opening.

"Go hard Brian!" 

I pushed in the whole way. I rested my cock there for a moment and then I took Stacy hard. I slammed all the way into her belly. Stacy was screaming as I pounded her as hard as I could. 

"Oh my God, your cock feels so fucking thick!"

I kept giving her what she needed, a good fucking. We went at it for what seemed to be a long time. I was trying to hold out but I felt like I was going to release. Maybe Stacy sensed that I was close. She turned around to look at me.

Please Brian, I need you to cum in me!"

This didn't seem to be the right time to debate whether I should pull out or cum inside her. I drove my cock in the whole way and held it there. Stacy took hold of my prick and I exploded inside her hot quim. I hadn't cum in some days. I blew my sticky load deep inside her belly. Stacy milked my bone and she was whimpering as I gave her every drop of my love cream. My cum soon began to spill out of her damp hole. I saw our juices pouring out and dripping onto her bed.

I just kept going until I thought Stacy couldn't take any more fucking. I slowly withdrew my spent cock and Stacy collapsed onto her stomach. She didn't move for a few moments and then she finally flipped over. She motioned for me to move up to her face. Stacy took hold of my stained cock and brought it to her mouth. She cleaned our love cum from my dick. I never had one of my other girlfriends ever do that for me.

Once she was finished, Stacy got up and went to her bathroom. I heard the water running and in a few minutes she returned.

"I hope you don't think bad of me. I never have sex with my date on the first night."

I didn't care about any such thing right then. That had been some of the best sex I ever had. I hadn't even had to beg for it. Stacy joined me once more. I had her in my arms. I found her erect nipples and I began to suck each one. I held each of her ripe melons in my hands and I worked my mouth and tongue over them. Stacy later said she orgasmed like mad when I sucked on her tits.

I ended up staying the night. The next morning I had Stacy again. This time Stacy was on her side and I lifted up one of her thighs. I positioned my dick at her hole and I took her one more time. One thing I was sure of now. Stacy was cock hungry. She said she didn't have sex very often these days. When the dam broke she just couldn't get enough cock. I pounded her pussy that morning and to my surprise I gave her more of my seed.

Stacy's pussy seemed to gobble my cock up. Her muscles were going into spasms as I pushed my cock in as far as it would go. My balls were pressed against her body. We both climaxed together. Stacy asked me to stay the whole weekend with her. We did talk but we also had more sex sessions. When Sunday morning came my cock was red and it felt sore. We got a shower together and Stacy saw me to the door.

She was still naked and I took in every inch of her body. There was something to be said for having a heavy woman as your lover. I drove home and I collapsed onto my bed. I hadn't gotten much sleep or rest this past weekend. I must have been drifting off when my phone rang. It was Rachel. She was the woman who I dated and then wanted to tie the knot after two months.

"I haven't heard from you Brian, are we going to go out sometime?" She asked.

I told Rachel I was seeing someone else right now.

"I would make it worth your time," she told me.

I know I must be a pig. I was sorely tempted to take Rachel up on her offer. She was actually pretty good in the sack. I did tell her no. I said if things didn't work out I would look her up again. I don't think that will be happening. Stacy told me she would be quite happy with the arrangement we had. She wasn't going to make any demands on me. I think I finally found the right woman to spend my time with. If everything works out, maybe she will be the one getting the ring.