 Chapter 1: The Perfect Beginning of My Descent

You know, when you read stories about men who are sexually subordinated to their wives, there's always some asshole in the comment section—someone who is obviously pretty insecure in his masculinity—that posts a message like: "What a wimp! Divorce the bitch or choke her to death on you cock." These guys think that it reinforces their masculinity to say things like this. But, really, all it shows is how fragile their masculinity is.

In any case, I expect those messages. If it makes you guys—and you know who you are—feel better to post comments like that, post away. It doesn't bother me.

But, for those who seriously wonder how a normal guy winds up being sexually enslaved by his wife, I can tell you how. Well, I can tell you one way that it can happen. I'm sure there are others.

My descent into submission didn't begin with an infidelity that my wife was punishing me for and I accepted because I didn't want to lose her. I've heard that story before. It didn't begin with some sort of blackmail that my wife subjected me to. I wasn't financially dependent on her. None of those things played any role in my descent.

And I didn't begin our relationship in a submissive role. It wasn't the old story of "my wife is way too hot for me; she married me only for my money or only because she could dominate me and I just have to put up with it." I've heard that story, too.

Don't get me wrong. My wife, Charlene—but everyone calls her Charly-is hot. She's beautiful and sexy—slender and petite, with nice perky breasts, and a pixie-like face that makes people think she's younger and more innocent than she is.

But I'm a fine looking guy, too—six-feet tall, 180 pounds, and pretty fit. Women find me attractive. I didn't accept being sexually submissive because it was the only way I could keep Charly and certainly not because it was the only way I could have a beautiful wife.

No one would ever peg me for a submissive. It wasn't something baked into my character. Instead, it grew in me. Really, Charly nurtured it until it was in full bloom. She didn't set out to do that. It wasn't as if she was, all along, a sexually dominant person.

So, I've told what doesn't explain our current relationship—a relationship in which Charly is in complete control of my sexuality as well as her own, where she can do what she wants to me, fuck whoever she wants, deny me whatever she wants to deny me.

What does explain our dominant/submissive relationship? Why would a normal guy like me willingly—ultimately, eagerly—accept the humiliation and degradation that comes with my submissive role? The only way to explain this is to tell my—our—story.

Charly and I fell very much in love soon after we started dating. Everything fit perfectly. We liked the same activities. I liked her friends and family; she liked mine. We were both doing well in our careers. We laughed at the same things and had the same values.

And the sex was terrific! Maybe partly because we clicked so well together in every other way, we were completely comfortable together sexually. As the relationship developed, we went through the thing where you tell each other about your former lovers.

Charly had been more sexually adventurous than I'd expected, but not more so than me. And it didn't threaten me at all. I figured, part of the reason she's so great in bed is that she'd had some experience. Neither of us was in the least insecure about ourselves sexually. We both knew that each other's former lovers paled in comparison to the passion that we shared in bed.

We experimented a lot together. We were young, healthy, attractive, and childless. There was a lot of fun to be had exploring the possibilities that each other's bodies provided.

So, you name it: we had sex in a storeroom at my work when Charly stopped by for lunch one day; she gave me a blowjob in the car on the way home from a party; we went out with another couple and Charly didn't wear any panties so I could sit across from her and press my foot against her clitoris during dinner; we did lots of things like that.

Of course, in addition to oral sex, we tried anal. And we tried every position we could think of on our own, then did our research and found and tried lots of positions we'd never thought of.

Charly was fine with trying facials, something a lot of women don't like because it makes them feel objectified. I think that Charly was so confident in my love and respect for her that this never even crossed her mind. It was just something new for us to try.

Lots of role playing, too. She was a high-class prostitute that I had to pay $500 for a half hour of sex with. I was a stern headmaster at a college for rich, spoiled girls and she'd broken the rules. I had to discipline her, turning her over my knee, flipping up her little plaid skirt, and spanking her, first through her panties and then, to really make her see the seriousness of her infraction, I had to pull down her now soaking panties and spank her bare bottom (at which point, she slid off my lap and sucked my hard cock until it exploded in her mouth). She was the enraged rich debutante who had caught me, the gardener, watching her undress through the window; she was going to have me fired unless I submitted to her every whim, which involved me licking her wet labia until she exploded in an orgasm. I made a fake wall with a hole in it so we could pretend Charly was at a gloryhole sucking the cock of some unknown man. And, more ... lots more.

Of course we had toys. We had a couple of dildos, an anal stimulator, a cock ring. They were fun. More fun when we combined them with some light bondage and role playing. I tied her up and teased her mercilessly until I pleased her beyond her dreams. She did the same to me. Being helpless and teased sexually for what seems like an eternity can lead to the most intense, explosive orgasm, I learned.

And, I guess it was learning this that began my descent into submission. But it didn't happen right away. We continued to engage in all kinds of play.

One night, when Charly was in charge, she blindfolded me and had tied me spread-eagled to the bed. She teased my cock with her hands and mouth. But she didn't let me cum. That was okay. I knew that the longer she teased me, the stronger she'd please me.

But then there was something new. I felt a cold—very cold—washcloth around my cock and balls, immediately shrinking my hardon.

"What are you doing?"

"Just you never mind," she said. "You don't have any say in it anyway so just relax and let it happen."

What happened was new. First, it felt like she was putting a cock ring around my cock and balls. But then she slathered some lube over my cock and pressed it into ... I knew what this was! It was a cock cage—a male chastity device.

I'd seen these in videos on the web, of course. But we didn't own one. Well, I guess we did now. But that was news to me.

I heard a click. Charly pulled off my blindfold and propped my head up with a pillow so I could see her handiwork.

I was locked up in one of those clear silicone devices—a CB6000, I'd later learn.

"Now," Charly cooed, "we'll just see how much I can make you want me ... and how much I can make you want me to let you cum."

And she proceeded to do just that. She straddled me and leaned forward so that her perfect nipples were just barely touching my chest hair. Then she breathed heavily in my ear and moved her chest so that her nipples dragged gently across my chest.

In my groin, I could feel the hotness and the moistness of her cunt. She was staying just millimeters from my caged cock and, so I couldn't feel anything, not even pressure down on my cock and balls.

I thrust up to make contact with her cunt and she pulled away from me, scolding me as she did.

"No, no, no! This isn't about your cock. You'd might as well forget about that for now."

Fat chance! All I could think about is getting my cock out of that damned restraint and fucking the shit out of Charly.

But she would have none of that.

"If you're going to be a bad little boy, maybe I need to take my pussy away from your little penis. Should I do that?"

The slight was just part of our verbal banter when we're playing games like this one. I'm actually slightly bigger than average in that department. But departures from reality is what playing games is all about.

Charly crawled up and positioned her now dripping cunt right over my mouth. In a show of resisting, I closed my mouth and turned my head. It was just a show, and Charly knew it. I love licking her cunt, especially when she's really wet.

"Oh, no," she scolded. "You're going to do a good job of worshipping my pussy." She turned my head upright and lowered herself down onto my mouth. "Now kiss it and lick it like a good little pussyboy."

Her juices were flowing freely and I licked and kissed her with relish. Not surprisingly, this was arousing Charly enormously. Perhaps more surprisingly, it was arousing me incredibly, too. Not that there was anything I could do about it except writhe around and wish that my cock weren't encased in silicone. My cock shared that wish. It was striving with all its might to break out, but to no avail. Maybe Superman's erection would break a cock cage. Mine couldn't.

Charly rode me with increasing ardor until she had a crashing orgasm. She's not a squirter, but she might as well have been for all the cunt juices she was oozing into my mouth.

When she finished, she crashed over to my side and zoned out for a while. She was still panting hard and she would moan from time to time or just say, "WOW!" in an astonished tone.

"How about me?" I asked when she'd recovered.

She sprung up from the bed, surprisingly quickly given that she'd just seemed completely spent, and said, in a bright, cheery tone, "We'll see. ... Maybe. ... But not yet."

I moaned, but my moan was one of disappointment, not pleasure like hers had been.

For more than an hour, Charly left me like that. Tied to the four corners of the bed with the chastity device locked on my cock. At least now that she wasn't touching me my cock wasn't straining against the restraint.

She took a shower and made a show of drying off in front of me, very sensuously. Sitting down on the bed, Charly pulled on her black, fishnet thigh-high stockings and then fastened her black lace demi bra. Then she pulled out a silk scarf and began dragging it over my body, beginning at my toes and working up slowly to my thighs, then starting again on my face and working down to my waist.

This was all arousing me, of course, as Charly intended. My cock was, again, straining at its restraint.

"Okay. ... Okay," I pleaded. "That's enough. Let me out of this thing. I need to fuck you."

"Oh, that sounds like a nice idea." Charly paused for a long minute. "But you don't make the decisions tonight. You can't just say, 'Let me out of this thing,' and expect that to happen."

"Okay," I said somewhat meekly. "Please let me out, Mistress. I'd like to please you with my cock."

"Oh ... that's much better. I especially like the 'Mistress' touch." She continued to tease me with the scarf. "And I think I'll let you out, too. Just not right away."

With that she moved down and brought her lips millimeters from my encased cock, breathing heavily on my crotch. Her warm, moist breath hit my balls and the tip of my cock through the slit in the cage.

This was driving me crazy. My cock was pressing against the chastity device in a vain attempt to escape. I was writhing and moaning, almost in pain from the intensity of the lust that surged through my body.

"You said you wanted to please me with your cock." I nodded furiously. "Well," she continued, "I'm going to let you do that but, first, you'll need to show me how much you want to do that by pleasing me again with your lips and tongue."

Instead of climbing up to ride my face, like she had before, Charly untied my hands and feet and sat down on the chair near the door of our bedroom. She beckoned me to come over and kneel down between her spread legs, which I eagerly did, hoping to speed up my release.

As I knelt down, I saw for the first time, that Charly had the key to my chastity device on a slender chain around her neck. For a moment, my eyes fixed on the means of my release.

"Oh, Ricky," (that's what she called me when she was playing a dominant role), "I see you're interested in this," she said, dangling the small key between her fingers. "But I think there was something said about you pleasing me with your mouth first. Isn't that right?"

It was, and I dove into that pleasant task with enthusiasm. She was clean and smelled of soap from her shower, but soon her labia were slick with her fragrant juices, which I lapped up eagerly.

With my hands unbound, I could gently pull apart her cunt lips and flick my tongue across her clitoris, feeling it harden with each touch of my tongue.

I don't know whether Charly planned to try to delay her climax in order to continue her pleasant torture of me as long as possible. If so, she failed. Soon she was arched back in the chair, panting and heaving, and thrusting her hips up and down in response to my tongue.

She put both her hands on the back of my head, pushing me harder into her sweet, sloppy crotch and screamed loudly as she experienced a crashing orgasm.

My cock was as swollen as possible in its confinement and I could feel pre-cum dribbling down out of the cock cage. God! I wanted out of that thing and into Charly's beautiful cunt that I'd made so hot, wet, and swollen.

As it turned out, I had to wait a few minutes for Charly to return to this world. When her breathing slowed and she was just uttering a few 'WOW!'s a minute, I gently raised her hand to the key that was dangling around her neck.

"Oh ... well ... I guess you've earned it."

Charly took the chain from around her neck as I stood up. She very gently unlocked the CB6000 and disassembled it, freeing my cock and removing the ring around my cock and balls.

For just a moment, she gently caressed my cock and balls with her hand. I can't describe how different this felt from all the other times Charly had handled my cock. Having been in the chastity cage—and been frustrated for so long in it—my cock and balls were incredibly, almost painfully, sensitive to her touch. But she was gentle and it felt wonderful.

"I don't know if I really have the energy to fuck you properly, Rick," she said in a tone that put it outside our play talk for the night. For just a second, I felt incredible disappointment. How could this happen? I was so worked up with lust by all that had happened, I was craving release. The last thing I wanted was for Charly to drift off to a peaceful sleep leaving me to go to the bathroom and jack off on my own.

"So," she continued, "how about if I give you the best blow job you've ever had?" That sounded great! "No," she went on, "how about the best blow job anyone has ever had?" That sounded even greater!

Maybe, after the two crashing orgasms I've given her, Charly didn't have the energy for a proper fuck, but she sure had the energy to give me a terrific blow job.

It was clear that Charly planned to do all the work. I lay down on the bed and she straddled my body. She started by continuing to caress my cock and balls gently with her hands.

My cock was hard and hot and throbbing in her small hands. But it got harder and bigger when she brought her mouth to it, first just breathing gently on my sensitive cock.

Then she raised my cock and put her tongue at the base, just above my ball sack. Gently, excruciatingly slowly, she dragged her moist tongue up along the underside of my cock, flicking it quickly back and forth over the most sensitive part, just below the head.

She toyed with me for a while but this was completely different from her earlier teasing. Every touch of her tongue, her lips, her hands sent an electric jolt of pleasure through my body. She wasn't leaving me stalled by the side of the road to my climax; she was pulling me closer and closer—though very slowly—toward that peak.

When Charly's lips surrounded my cock, I was ecstatic with pleasure. She cupped my balls and worked her magic with her lips and tongue. She wasn't trying to bring me to an orgasm too quickly. There's nothing wrong with that, of course. Quick "suck and blow nut" BJs are great! But Charly was really making love to my cock.

Gradually, she picked up the pace and began stroking the base of my cock with one of her hands. I could feel my orgasm building. Second by second, minute by minute, I was being brought to the peak of an alp. I could tell that when this broke, it would break hard. And it did!

Suddenly, my whole body was spasming in ecstasy. My hips were bucking furiously and my hard cock was filling Charly's mouth with stream after stream of hot, salty cream.

Charly swallowed as I came but I erupted so much that cum slid back down my cock, over her hand, and onto my stomach and balls.

She waited until my orgasm had subsided a bit, just holding my cock hard in her hand. Then she began gently licking up all of the cum that had dribbled out of her mouth.

Her tongue felt wonderful. Sometimes when it hit an especially sensitive spot, it almost hurt. But it always felt wonderful.

When she was done, I was still pretty feeble from my crashing climax. She got up, got a warm rag and wiped me clean. Then she crawled back in bed and lay beside me with her head on my chest.

"So, how was that?" (Like she had to ask!)

"That was pretty terrific!" I said—something of an understatement.

"For me, too," she replied. "And not just the orgasms you gave me."

"I know. It was the same for me. I mean you did give me the best blow job anyone has ever has." Charly giggled when I said this. "But it was really hot for me to make you cum like I did. Even hotter, I think, because I couldn't use anything but my mouth."

"So, you like our new toy?"

"Um-hmm," I responded, though she knew that really meant, "I love it!"

"Good. We'll play with it again sometime." 

I couldn't wait.