 Chapter 3: Workday Frustrations

Driving to work, I was constantly aware of the chastity device locked around my cock and balls. Every time I moved my foot to the brake or back to the gas pedal, I felt it rub against my thighs. As I walked into the office, I realized that the feeling of my genital confinement was affecting my behavior. I said 'hello' to my co-workers, hoping I sounded completely normal. But I felt so different that I worried that they would sense that something was amiss.

I didn't feel my normal confidence; I couldn't bring myself to joke or make small talk. I knew that no one could see the cock cage between my thighs. There was no visible evidence of its presence. No one had any reason to suspect that my cock and balls were trapped in this thing.

Still, I had the nagging sense that everyone knew. I didn't believe that they did; it just felt that way. It felt like, after I walked past the secretaries' desks outside the executives' offices, the secretaries were giggling among themselves at my predicament. It felt like my fellow executives—males and females alike—were exchanging knowing glances between themselves behind my back.

Knowing in my head that none of this was true didn't make it feel any less real. I wound up working with my door closed, something I usually did only when I was incredibly busy and didn't want any interruptions.

Midmorning, the coffee I'd been downing made a bathroom trip necessary. No urinals for me today; too much chance of another guy walking in and catching a glimpse of the CB6000 on my cock. So I went in the stall and pulled down my pants, glancing at the shame between my legs before sitting down to pee like a woman.

Why had I let Charly talk me into this? I wondered. This is ridiculous! 

But I was stuck like this for the day. Nothing I could do about it now.

When I'd finished pissing, there were a few drops of pee in the tip of the CB6000. I didn't want them to dribble out in my pants so I took a few squares of toilet paper and pressed them into the slit. Yet another way that this whole experience was forcing me into a feminine role I thought.

For most of the rest of the morning, I worked, undisturbed, at my desk with the door closed. I got my answer to whether I could forget about the chastity device. I was working on a report that forced me to be checking a lot of figures and thinking hard about the implications of them. And I'd completely forgotten about the cage trapping my cock.

And then the phone rang. It was Charly. "How's your day going, Sweetie?" she said with in a cheery tone as if nothing was different from any other day. But the sound of her voice, and maybe something in the way she said 'Sweetie' made me vividly aware of the situation between my thighs again.

"Okay, I guess," I replied. "But I don't like this."

"Oh, honey," she said sweetly, "I don't like it either. I wish we were together right now." That wasn't what I meant, of course, and she knew it. But she went on.

"If we were together now we could have some fun. ... I mean, if I were in your office for lunch ... well, you remember that time we had lunch in your office." And her voice trailed off.

I did indeed remember that lunch. We didn't finish the sandwiches but we both had what we wanted for lunch: each other.

The door had been closed from the start, but it had been an innocent lunch until Charly started rubbing my thigh, and then my crotch. When she felt my cock harden, she pushed aside her sandwich, saying that she wasn't hungry for that and pulled me up to sit on the edge of my desk.

Like a woman with a mission, she was on her knees in a flash, unzipping my pants and wrestling out my cock. No teasing, no caressing with her hands. Her lips were around my cock immediately, sucking furiously.

I looked over at the door, realizing that it wasn't locked. No one ever came into my office without knocking when the door was shut. Still, the fact that the door wasn't locked caused me some unease. I resolved to be completely silent. It wouldn't do for someone to think that maybe I was moaning from a heart attack and come rushing in to rescue me. But it's hard to be silent when Charly is working my cock with her lips.

I could have cum quickly, but Charly had her own plans. She stood up and pulled her panties down and off, over her heels. She tossed them casually on my desk and, then, bent over my desk, pulling up her skirt and exposing her wet cunt.

My cock was throbbing and I wasted no time slamming it into her snatch. The need for both of us to be quiet and the fear of being discovered made the sex incredibly intense. I fucked her hard. I came quickly, and explosively.

I collapsed on top of her and we both just lay there, awkwardly, half on the desk. When Charly moved, I started to say something but she put her finger to my lips, shushing me.

I sat back in my chair and watched as Charly picked up her panties and wiped her sopping crotch with them. She casually tossed them toward me and, not expecting that, I didn't catch them in my hand. They hit me in the face and I could smell the scent of our combined juices. I held them to my nose and inhaled deeply as Charly straightened her skirt and, without a word, walked to the door and left.

It had been an incredibly hot scene. But that was then; this was now. And I was locked in a chastity device.

I complained about it again to Charly. She responded with fake sympathy. "Oh, you poor darling. It must be awful to have your little pee-pee locked up." Again, with the humiliation talk. "I only wish I were there with you."

"I do, too," I said. "Then you could unlock this damned device and we could have a lunch like we did before."

"Oh, Sweetie," she cooed. "I wouldn't do that. No, you're in your chastity device for the whole day." She paused, and I had nothing to say. Then she went on, "But, I could console you."

And, she proceeded to tell me how she would do that.

"You couldn't fuck me. No. Your little pecker might try to get hard, of course. But it's safely locked up in its cage. But, I could have you pull down your pants and show me the little guy and tell me how much he wants to be released. I wouldn't do that, of course. But I could show him some sympathy. I could put my lips close to him and whisper to him, telling him how adorable he looks in his pretty little chastity. My warm breath would console him, I'm sure."

Right now, her talk wasn't consoling my cock, which was straining against its confines.

"Maybe I'd even press my tongue through the slit in your cage and caress the little guy's tip. It would be like a sweet kiss through the bars of a jail cell. ... And I'll bet your balls are swollen. Wouldn't it be nice if I could gently caress them and take each one into my mouth, sweetly reassuring them that I understood their predicament—filled with millions of sperm cells, eager to take their wild ride and be shot into my mouth, or my cunt, or my ass, but knowing that it's not going to happen anytime soon."

"Wouldn't that be nice, honey?"

"No," I said, writhing in my chair from the image she'd planted in my mind of her teasing me when I am impotent to act on the lust she'd provoked. "What would be nice is for you to come over and unlock this thing."

"Oh, Sweetie, are we back to that. You know that's not going to happen. But you have tonight to look forward to."

And, with that, she said 'goodbye', complaining that she had to get back to work.

Getting back to work for me was hard—because I was hard, and very uncomfortable. But, eventually I got back to what I was doing and managed again to put my predicament out of my mind.

I would have preferred to just work, undisturbed until the end of the day, go home, and get Charly to take off the CB6000. But about 3:00, I got another call from Charly. She said she was calling to apologize.

"Really, Honey, I'm sorry. I've been feeling bad ever since I called you this morning. I was afraid that I'd gotten you aroused and you'd be frustrated because there was nothing you could do about it. Maybe it was even a little uncomfortable for you being aroused in your little cock cage."

Okay, this wasn't going to be a real apology. This was more taunting.

She went on, "But it was arousing for me, too. Thinking about kissing your balls and teasing your cock got me so hot I was distracted from work most of the day. The only way I'm going to be able to concentrate is if I get some relief."

"Tell me about it," I said.

"Well, we can't do much about you right now. But I want you to tell me a story." This was Charly's way of initiating phone sex. We'd done it many times when one of us had to travel out of town. We'd take turns telling sexy stories while the other one masturbated to them.

"Tell me one about how you come over to my office in your chastity device. You want to convince me to unlock your little guy. You'll do anything to get out of that cage."

"I don't know, Charly. I'm pretty busy."

"Oh. Okay," she replied. "I just thought that you'd want to do everything you could to make sure that you get the release you're looking forward tonight."

So, a not-so-veiled threat. Okay, Charly, I thought, you win this round.

I said, "Okay, Charly," but not the rest of that I'd thought. And here's the story I told her.

"So, I come over to your office to get you to unlock my chastity device so we can have sex. I open the door without knocking and walk into your office, closing and locking the door behind me.

"What do you want," you say. "I'm pretty busy."

"I want to fuck you. I want you to take off this damned cock cage and suck my dick until I'm hard as a rock. And then I want to turn you over your desk and fuck you hard, like you're a bitch in heat."

"Well ..." you say, licking your lips toying with a slender chain around your neck. I can't see the end of the chain. It hangs down under your blouse. But I think about the fact that at the end of that chain is the key to my cock cage, the literal and metaphorical key to my release.

"Well ... I'd need some motivation, wouldn't I?"

I walk over and push your chair away from your desk, turning it toward me. I bend over and kiss you passionately. I pull your head to me hard and press my tongue into your mouth. 

When I break the kiss, we're both a bit breathless. But you manage to say, "That's nice ... for THOSE lips."

I start to kneel down to attend to your other lips and you stop me.

"Wait," you say, authoritatively. "First, drop your pants. I want to see your little peedeedink in its tiny cage." 

I knew that adding this sort of humiliation element would get Charly going. And I could tell by the sound of her breathing over the phone that I was right.

I continued.

So, I stand in front of you and reluctantly pull my pants and underpants down to my knees. I unbutton my shirt so it pulls apart, exposing my shameful situation.

"Oh," you say. "That's so cute. It will almost be a shame to unlock the little guy." Again, you play with the chain around your neck.

Awkwardly, with my pants still half down my legs, I drop to my knees. I reach up under your skirt, you raise your hips up off the chair, and I slide your panties off and push your skirt up to your waist.

The musky scent coming from your crotch tells me how aroused you are. Gently pulling your thighs apart, I bring my mouth to your cunt and kiss your clitoris. I pull your lips apart and begin flicking my tongue over your hardening clit, feeling your juices flow freely.

You're breathing harder now and I pull back and say, "Now, unlock this thing so I can give you a proper fucking. 

I can hear her breathing hard over the phone and I know it's time to go for the climax—in the story and in Charly.

But Charly stops me. She says she's going to take over from there. This is not the usual way we do this but, hey, whatever she wants. It's Charly's show now.

I slowly pull the chain up from between my breasts. As the bottom of the chain clears my blouse, it reveals ... not the key! All that is on the chain is the little gold heart charm you gave you for Valentine's Day before we were married.

"What?!" you say in shock.

"Oh, I'm sorry, Darling!" I say. And you can't really tell if I'm sincere or this has all been a ruse. "I'm sorry. I guess I left the key at home."

You start to pull back to get up. I say, "Stop!" And my tone, more than that single word, makes you stop.

"You need to finish what you started."

You hesitate.

"I mean it," I say, sternly. "There's no guarantee that I'll find the key quickly at home, either, you know."

You look at me, judging whether I'm serious. I am, and you can tell that I am. You move back to my slick slit and begin working on it in earnest.

Strangely, perhaps, as you lick me faster and harder, you find that your even more aroused than you was earlier. Somehow the knowledge that you're here, only for my pleasure—and that your pleasure will be denied (well, only delayed, you hope)—makes this even more arousing for you. As your tongue flicks across my stiff little clit faster and faster, you feel my body tense up. My temperature suddenly spikes, and my hips begin thrusting wildly.

I hold your head tightly to my throbbing cunt for a long time. You lick my sweet juices and inhale my scent deeply.

As Charly told the last part of the story, I heard the unmistakable sounds over the phone of her climaxing.

There was a long pause and I guess I made sounds as if I was ending the call. Then, Charly said, "Wait. The story isn't finished. I just need a second to catch my breath."

This was weird. Usually, the real-life orgasm ends the story. It's not like the stories are literature; they're just masturbation aids. But Charly clearly had something in mind.

Finally, I release your head and you pull back into a kneeling position. The glistening juices on your lips and cheeks shine in the office light.

"Stand up," I command you.

You struggle to stand, hobbled by your pants being around your knees. I pull you close to me and put one hand under your balls, pulling them and your caged cock toward me.

"Now, you see," I say, looking up at you, "you can please a woman completely even with this little guy in jail."

With that, I give your cock cage a sweet kiss and pull up your underpants and pants. I fasten your belt, zip up your fly, and give you a gentle pat on your crotch.

"Thanks for stopping by. It was very satisfying."

You leave, painfully aware that it was satisfying for only one of us, but hoping that tonight will be different.

"There," Charly said. "That's how the story should end."

"But, tonight really well be different, right?" I said.

"We'll see." And she laughed in a way that reassured me that whatever torment I went through today would be compensated for tonight.

"But," she went on, "in the meantime, you're effectively impotent. That cute little new secretary—what's her name? Denise?—she could walk into your office right now, take off all her clothes, and beg you to fuck her pretty little body and you'd have to say, "I'm sorry; I can't."

Charly knew I thought Denise was really cute. She was just teasing me, though. She didn't have any concerns about my fidelity—well, especially not now!

"If you feel like you need to give Denise a reason for turning her down, you can just say, 'I'm completely faithful to my wife.' That will sound so sweet. And, you know what? That's guaranteed to be true as long as I hold the key to your chastity device." 

There wasn't much of the day left by that point. But I couldn't make very good use of what time I did have. I was distracted by the images Charly had planted in my mind in both of the phone calls. And even more distracted after I got a knock on my door.

"Come in," I said and when I looked up I was surprised to see Denise. She needed me to sign something for Angela, the person Denise worked for. I hoped I maintained my composure. But I felt incredibly flustered as Denise walked to my desk with the paper to sign. I signed it quickly and watched her skirt swing gently as she walked back toward the door. After she closed the door, I grabbed my crotch, feeling how hard my cock was and how completely impotent it was to do anything about it.

I consoled myself with fantasies about what would be happening tonight, when Charly released me from my entrapment. Tonight, I told myself, is going to be terrific! And I was right, but so completely wrong about how it was going to be terrific.