 Mary met me at the door, for our luncheon engagement, wearing a black short outfit. The top was a linen vest cut low in the front with satin lapels and covered buttons. The short selves were made out of chiffon that matched the chiffon skirt that came nearly her ankles in the back and mid shin in the front. The skirt was over black linen shorts that had a wide belt and belt loops with a zippered fly in the front with a one-inch cuff. Her legs were encased in panty hose; she was wearing ankle high boots with 3 or 4 inch heals. The outfit was absolutely smashing on her, accentuating her rich Hispanic complexion and black hair. I kissed her lightly on the cheek and told her how beautiful she looked. She blushed, but performed a pirouette at my insistence. The shorts lovingly snuggled her well-rounded rump and accentuated her round firm thighs that were in no way obscured by the chiffon over skirt or panty hose.

I told her that the outfit would be absolutely perfect without the panty hose, and she agreed. I ask her if she would take them off before we went to lunch. She said that she had thought about not wearing them, but only decided on them at the last minute. She yielded to my pleading and headed into the bedroom to change. At the door, she turned and shook a finger at me in mock seriousness telling me to be sure not to try to come in while she was changing. I grinned and told her solemnly that I would not think of doing a thing like that. She laughed knowing that I was lying.

Entering the bedroom, she swung the door closed, but it did not latch. Slowly the door swung open, and I could see her toss the shorts with the attached overskirt onto the bed. She was clad in panty hose with panties underneath. Her back was turned to me and she walked into the adjacent bathroom as though she was oblivious of me watching through the open door. It dawned on me that since she had lived in this house for several years, she knew very well that the door would swing back open unless she actually latched it. Therefore, I knew that she wanted me to see her partially clad. 

Just as she turned to go in the bathroom, I noticed that she was watching me enjoy the sight of her in the dressing table mirror. In just a minute she reappeared from the bathroom holding the panty hose in her hand. She saw me in the door way. Acting shocked, she ask what I was doing. I told her that I was enjoying her beauty. To which, she replied "You bum." I ask her if she was going to wear just those plain panties, and she ask me if there was something special that I wanted her to wear. I ask her to show me what others she had. She went to the dresser and opened the drawer with her back to me. I walked up behind her and looked over her shoulder at each pair as she held them up one at a time. I rejected several, but settled on a French cut pair that had lace around the legs and across the waistband.

She called me a bum again when I ask her to allow me to put the new panties on her, but agreed as long as she was facing away from me. I knelt behind her and hooked my fingers into the waste band of her panties and tugged them down over her hips. They caught a little on her inner thighs until she spread her legs just a bit. When they were at her knees she lifted first one leg then the other, and at that last moment I blew my warm breath across her exposed crotch. She wiggled and nearly fell over as goose bumps covered her thighs. I ask her to hand me the new pair of panties, and she turned sideways as she hand them down to me. Again I blew my breath on her exposed crotch as I pulled the French cut panties up around her hips, but this time she just turned completely toward me and gently thrust her hips forward spreading her legs slightly. I gently pulled her against my face breathing hot wet breath into her new panties moistening her hair as I grasp a firm round cheek in each hand. Her hips thrust forward involuntarily as I flicked my tongue between her legs on her nylon covered crotch. She nearly lost her balance as she thrust forward to increase the contact with my mouth and her crotch. I guided her shakily over to the bed and pushed her back onto it as I pushed my face between her beautiful, soft thighs.

I reached up around her hips and unbuttoned her top working my way slowly from the bottom button toward the top. At no time did I take my mouth off her panty covered crotch as my fingers nimbly worked their magic on her buttons, and then I reached up and unclasp her bra, which, thankfully had a clasp in the front, and pushed it up over her breasts. The nipples were hard and pointed as I rubbed them between my fingers and thumbs while my tongue worked it's way around the lace panty legs. I burrowed deeper into her moistness as she squirmed in my arms. Soon she was pulling on my head to get me to climb on top of her. I resisted teasing her more and more as she pumped her hips rhythmically against my hungry mouth. Finally, I could feel that she was going over the edge and beginning to come. I kept her riding wave after wave of ecstasy with my lips, tongue, and fingers. After the last wave, she sat up and I slid the top back off of her shoulders pulling her bra straps with it.

With her panty-clad body stretched out in front of me, I stood and slowly took off all of my clothes while devouring every inch of her naked flesh. She showed her enjoyment by undulating her body provocatively alternately opening and closing her legs. When I was stripped naked, I mounted her on the bed rubbing my cock tenderly against her panty-covered mound. Soon we developed a languid rhythm that inexorably increased in tempo and vigor as our mouths locked in a deep probing kiss. Our breath hissed through flaring nostrils as our lungs fought to supply the needed oxygen to support our passion driven embrace. As our kiss broke she began pleading with me to put it in her. I pulled her panties to one side and frictioned my cock up and down against her moist hungry pussy. Her orgasmic juices were flowing freely lubricating the tender passage for my triumphant entry. Finally, she shifted her hips capturing the head of my cock in her burning entryway. As I plunged all the way into her I ground my chest against her hard nipples mashing her beautiful breasts.