 ---

I love my man. And I know every facet of him. To me, he is everything and he gives me everything. However, I always wonder; how will he feel to another? Have you ever wondered how another woman would feel experiencing your man by taking every inch of him inside of her and describing everything that she feels to you?

That's extreme. You know, I know you feel that way. But bear with me on this one.

---

I met Sienna at a yoga class that I joined last minute on a whim. She is one of those women with a beautiful soul and intelligent mind. Not too beautiful to notice her at once, but her beauty grows onto you as you get to know her better. She amazed me that much. Plus, she was honest and a very down to earth kind of woman, not the stab-you-behind-your-back kind. That's what made me trust her with my man for one night.

We grew closer to each other and I explained to her exactly what I needed for her to do for me and my guy. She agreed to my wildest thoughts simply because I am a down to earth woman too who just loves to try new things and play with people's mind.

After I had her go ahead; I continued to seduce my boyfriend to agree to my craziness. He was skeptical at first but after I explained in a nutshell exactly what will go down. He was game. So we waited for the agreed day.

---

I asked Eli to go to the hotel that we had agreed to meet for our night of debauchery. Meanwhile, I went over and picked Sienna at her place with the intention of getting ready with her there.

Sienna looked good in her black strapless dress with nude heels while I opted for a black pencil skirt with a black shirt and black heels. Together we left the house, heading to the hotel room.

I knocked on the door five minutes late and Eli opened the door quickly, impatience evident in his demeanor; which changed quickly once he saw us together at the door. He couldn't even greet us. He was speechless. Or maybe, excited much?

I entered the room with Sienna following behind me. Eli closed the door but remained there with his gaze trained on us as we made our way towards the bed. Sienna sat at the edge of the bed while I stood near the vanity watching him.

He moved closer to me and I met him half way. His expression was still not readable though he was intrigued.

So I introduced them. "Eli, this is my friend Sienna. Sienna this is my boyfriend, Eli."

They both looked at each other. Measuring and sizing each other up. And I joined in the experience. Witnessing as the temperature started to rise in the room and desire pulsing through each of us. None of us were sure how tonight was going to go, but knew we will definitely have a good time based on the desire in our eyes.

I kissed Eli slowly first. Then I deepen the kiss to express everything that I felt for him but couldn't put into words. He relaxed into my kiss and drew me close. Then sienna moved behind him and wrapped her arms around Eli from behind, kissing the back of his neck. He stiffened and pulled away from the kiss looking at me questioningly though I could feel his desire brewing.

I responded with my eyes on him. He read my expression and knew this was for him. So he relaxed again and resumed kissing me. I kissed him back. Then I moved my hands to his crotch, caressing his cock through his jeans as I deepen the kiss. He grew harder.

Sienna started to unbutton his shirt from behind, one button at a time with excruciating slowness and touching every inch of him that she exposes. Eli became overwhelmed with need. His shirt fell off. I unbuckled his belt and unzipped his jeans. Sienna knelt behind him and pulled them off. He stepped out of them. She moved her hands slowly form his legs to calf muscles. She caressed him slowly moving upwards.

I pulled away from kissing him and turned him around so that his front faces Sienna. She kissed his thighs slowly and her hands massaged his balls. Eli hissed with pleasure. Then she took him in her mouth and deep throated him. He groaned. I kissed his ear and bit him gently, my hands caressing his back. Then I whisper for him to hear me.

"I am going to go and sit on the couch. I will touch myself and make myself come while watching you fuck Sienna; however, she wants to be fucked." He didn't reply; nodding his head instead.

So I moved to the couch and remove my skirt and my shirt. I sat down facing them and enjoying the view wearing my garter belt, bra and my heels. Eli moved his hands onto Sienna's head, showing her how he prefers to be sucked off. However his gaze was fixed on me; letting me soak all his pleasure through his expression.

I grew hotter by the minute. The sight before me was pure erotic. I saw the tension on Eli's body as he was so close to exploding. But he didn't. He pulled out last minute.

He looked at me and I look at him. "Take her to bed" I told him.

He pulled her from her feet and move with her to the bed. He moved behind her, kissing her slowly while his hand held her neck in a chock-like manner; positioning her directly in my view. His other hand disappeared under her dress and he started fucking her with it. Sienna closed her eyes and I felt her legs weakening beneath her as Eli rubbed her pussy.

I clenched my legs tightly. He continued rubbing Sienna's pussy faster, smiling at me as she drew closer. My nipples were tight and my breathing was fast. She came with a scream. I put my hands on my breasts to soothe my nipples as they were too tight and rubbed myself on the couch to ease the ache between my legs.

He continued holding her in his arms while waiting for her to calm down from her orgasm. He looked at me. I looked at him. Then sienna opened her eyes and looked at me.

"Go ahead" I told my Eli confidently.

He pulled down the zipper and sienna's dress came off, pooling at her feet. She stepped off them. He grabbed her breasts and squeezes them hard. She moaned and closed her eyes relishing on the pleasure.

"Don't close your eyes. Look at me. I want to see exactly what he does in your eyes. I want to be fucked by him through you."

She opened her eyes and looked at me. Her eyes glazed dark with desire.

Eli moved her to the bed and positions her on all-fours. He moved behind her and sheaths his cock with a condom. Our eyes met. His gaze full of desire; while mine was consumed with new admiration for my man; and started pushing into her slowly. Inch by inch. The man knows how to drive a woman crazy for Sienna was shaking with desire as she took every inch of him inside of her.

Once he was all in, he paused to let her adjust to his size. His eyes fixed on me.

"How does he feel inside you?"

Sienna drew in a rugged breath and said; "he feels amazing."

"You can do better than that. Describe amazing" I urged her gently.

"He is the perfect size. I feel him on my walls and he is pulsing inside beautifully."

I look at Eli, seeing his expression change to pride as he looks at me listening to the description on amazing. I grew hotter. He starts to move inside her with slow measured strokes. Sienna moves with his rhythm and her moans grew louder by the second.

"Describe his cock to me" I urge her.

She takes her time responding to my request. Just as I was about to repeat myself, she replies with a low chocked voice; "it's magnificent. It's sweet and painful all at once. The fitting is snug and the friction is to die for. It feels good. Too good. I don't know...I'm just loving how it makes me feel inside" she trails off.

"How does it make you feel inside?"

She stays quiet for a minute. Not contemplating a response to my question but reveling on Eli's cock. Finally she says to me; "it makes me feel worshiped and adored."

"Would you like my boyfriend's cock to make you feel any other way?"

"Yes" she chimes immediately.

"Tell us."

"I want to feel like a toy for his desire. I want to feel dirty." She says quickly.

Meanwhile Eli continues his slow movement inside of her. Listening to our exchange while his gaze is fixed on me.

"Any hard limit we should know about before I urge my boyfriend to fuck you like a toy you request to be?" I ask mockingly.

"None."

"Are you sure?"

"Yes" she replies breathlessly.

I look at Eli and said to him; "you are not fucking her hard enough for her liking and for my viewing too as evidenced from her ability to think and answer my questions. She needs to lose her mind and not muster any response or be able to hear me at all. That changes now. So fuck her like you mean it. Fuck her like you fuck me most of the time. Ruthless style."

Eli held her hair as leverage and started to really fuck her. I felt the power my boyfriend has in each trust. Sienna's moan changed its tone. Not too loud but loud enough to show pure ecstasy. Eli moved his hand on her clit and rubbed on her gently as he pounded into her. The expression on her face was priceless.

As I rubbed myself faster to the rhythm of his hand on her clit, Sienna fisted the sheets beneath her, holding them like an anchor that keeps her steady. She closed her eyes and threw her head on the bed and came with a scream that I am sure was heard by our next room neighbors'. Eli continued to pump into her while looking at me.

"How do you feel Sienna?"

She didn't respond at all. Her head was buried in the sheets as she rode her orgasm which was enhanced as Eli moved his hand from her clit to her ass. She choked on her scream.

I came. Hard. With the vision of that hand in my ass.

Eli thrust two more times afterward, and came with a groan. His gaze still fixed on me.

Each of us was consumed with so much emotion but we stared at each other as our breaths calmed down.

I moved over to the bed and check on Sienna. She looked at me with an expression of pure joy. She got up and got dressed. Then went for the door to leave as an Uber I had called was waiting for her outside.

Eli was behind me as I walked her out of the door. She turned and looked at us before exiting and said; "you have an amazing boyfriend, just as you have an amazing woman. Goodnight."

She left the room smiling. I closed the door.

Eli wrapped his arms around me from behind before I could turn. "Thank you for that. You have no idea how I feel."

"You are welcome."

We retired to bed. Together. And made love to each with passion and intensity like no words could describe. Some feelings are just too hard to put into words.