 For Matt

*

She had been asking for me to fuck her all day.

No, she hadn't actually said the words right out loud to me, but I knew. She had been teasing me and tormenting me all day, almost to the point where I couldn't take it anymore. She knew she was doing it too; I could see the look on her face every time she glanced over and saw the increasingly hard bulge in my pants. That little self-satisfied smirk she gave me, and then she'd flip her hair and casually go back to what she was doing. She knew all day that I was horny, and yet she purposely avoided situations where she and I were alone, because she knew the second I got her alone I was going to rip off all her clothes and force her down onto whatever horizontal surface I could find. 

It was later that evening when I was finally presented with an opportunity to strike. She was in the kitchen, unloading the dishwasher, completely oblivious to my presence until I was almost upon her. I bent down quickly, reached around and cupped one of her breast, and began pinching them and rolling them between my fingers. She stiffened immediately when I did this, and tried to straighten up to push me away, but I was ready for it, and I pushed her hard against the counter, trapping her. 

"Matt!" she hissed quietly. "There are people in the other room!"

I smiled wickedly, cupped her other breast with my hand, and pressed my body against hers. I know she could feel how hard I was through the back of her jeans, but she still started squirming, trying to wriggle out from between me and the counter.

"Matt, come on," she said quietly I could tell she was annoyed, "get off! I'm not having sex with you while there are people here, it's rude!"

I smiled again, and leaned down on top of her. "You really don't have a choice now, do you?"

He head whipped around, and she glared at me fiercely. I knew that she loves to be dominated, but she never goes down without a fight. I grabbed one of her wrists and pulled it behind her back, pulling her away from the counter. She glared at me again and tried to twist out of my grip, but I held her fast, and grabbed her other wrist. I pulled her up against me, and she glared up at me, and once again uttered a low threat for me to stop. This really only succeeded in making me harder than I already was. I love it when she looks at me like that, that fierce look of defiance; it makes me want to dominate her all that much more. 

I began to slowly pull her down the hallway towards her bedroom, and she struggled again. She shot a glance at me, and then shook her head. 

"Hey guys," she called into the living room to her roommates, "could you finish unloading the dishwasher, I'm going to take a nap." Her roommates laughed in the living room. They knew as well as she did that sleep was the last thing she was getting for the next few hours. They knew this was another one of our games. "Sure, whatever. Have fun!"

She blushed slightly, and rolled her eyes. I tightened my grip of her wrists, and pulled her urgently down the hallway. She fought me the entire way down, pulling and twisting, letting out soft mewls of protest. As soon as I got her into the door of her room, I spun her around, and pushed her quite hard onto her bed. She landed with a thump and let out a little cry. I shut the door, took a second to lock the door, and then I was upon her. She was still in a half kneeling position on the bed, and I quickly knelt behind her, and wrapped my arms around her, taking her breast into my hands once again. She shot me an annoyed look, but I started to massage her breasts through her shirt, and she closed her eyes and moaned softly. I loved breasts, especially hers and she knew it. She had such large, curvy breasts, I could barley get my hands around them, and her nipples were so hard I could feel them through the shirt and the bra. I pulled her back towards me, pulled her shirt over her head, and threw it on the floor. She turned, and brought her face close to mine. I pulled her closer and kissed her hard, pushing my tongue and deep as into her mouth. She responded in turn and slid her tongue over mine and pressed her mouth harder against mine. 

I slid my hands up and slowly unclasped the front of her bra. I hated getting those things off, they were so hard to figure out. I pulled away from her, taking the bra with me, and threw it on the floor with her shirt. I pushed her back onto the bed, and suddenly I just couldn't take it anymore. I needed to have her, I needed to touch her, I needed to own every inch of her. I grabbed one of her breast roughly, and began to fondle it. Her breasts were so firm and soft, and I could see how hard her nipples were already. 

She moaned softly, brought her hand up and began to caress her other breast. She gave me a naughty smile. "Come on hun, suck on my breasts, I know you want to."

I gave her an equally naughty look back, then leaned my head down and closed my mouth over her right nipple. She gasped, and arched her back upwards. I began to moan softly and my cock started to twitch with excitement. I let go of her breast, took one of her hands, and guided it down towards her crotch. She laughed softly, and unzipped her jeans. She knew a million different ways to turn me on, but watching her play with herself especially while I was sucking on her tits, was one of my favorite. She groaned as she started to rub herself, and I had a feeling she was already wet. 

I pulled away from her breast to catch my breath, and marveled at the sight beneath me. She had one hand on her left breast squeezing her nipple, her jeans were pushed down onto her thighs, and I could see the outline of her fingers inside her black silk panties. I sighed with pleasure, and then captured her left nipple in my mouth while she caressed her own breast. She let out another low moan in her throat, and squeezed her breast harder. I sucked on her nipple hard, pausing once in a while to flick it with my tongue, until my breathing became heavy, and I started letting out little moans. 

I pulled back suddenly, and she made a small moan of protest. I swallowed, and tried to catch my breath. The combination of sucking on those huge breasts, her playing with herself, and the sounds she was making was almost too much for me to take.

"I need to be inside you," I said, and quickly yanked my shirt over my head. "I need to fuck you right now!" I fumbled with the zipper on my pants, and started to yank them down.

A wicked smile crossed her face. "Oh really?" she said teasingly. "I don't think you're turned on enough yet." In one fluid motion she pushed herself up, reached forward, and pulled my pants down further. She grinned like a Cheshire cat, and began to slowly and agonizingly rub the bulge in my boxers. I groaned, and tilted my head back, closing my eyes. I knew what was coming next, she loves to tease me when I'm this turned on, and there was only one thing that turns me on more than sucking on her tits. She pushed me backwards onto the bed, and without warn jerked my boxes down, exposing my swollen cocks. She lowered he head slowly, and then all at once took my entire cock into her mouth, all the way down to hilt. I gasped; I hadn't expected her to deep throat right away. She began to suck my cock hard, moving her wet tongue up and down my shaft until it was slick with saliva. She moaned softly as she did it, and she began to stroke my shaft with her hand at the same time. I groaned, and tangled one of my hands in her hair, forcing her head down further onto my cock. She pushed my cock deeper into her throat until it was completely engulfed in hot wetness of her mouth. I had to bite my hand as she started to run her tongue over the head of my penis, it was driving my crazy, and I was dangerously close to climaxing. I didn't want to come yet though, I had a few more things planned for tonight other that her just giving me head.

I took a deep breath, and pushed her softly off me. She shot me a slightly hurt look. She loved sucking me off, and she knew that I was close to coming. It was harder than I expected to stop her, I needed to come so badly it going to start hurting soon.

"I need to be inside you," I said, surprised to hear an almost angry edge to my voice. "I am going to fuck you, right now!" 

Her eyes widened in surprise at the tone of my voice, and opened her mouth to say something. For a second I though she was going to try and torment me again, which I was not going to let her do anyway, but instead she just smiled.

"What's stopping you then?" She asked in a nonchalant tone, with a cute kittenish look on her face. I grinned. Now she was going to get it. This is what she gets for being a cock tease all day long. I reached over to her nightstand, grabbed a condom, tore open the package, and quickly rolled it over my cock. She licked her lips slowly, lay back onto the bed, anticipating what was going to happen next. I could hear her breathing quicken with excitement as I positioned myself. 

I took a deep breath as I settled into position, and felt her hand clasp my cock, slowly guiding me towards her soaking wet pussy. I paused for just a moment at the entrance, then with one hard thrust, buried my entire cock in her pussy. I heard her gasp, and then moan, partly out of pain, and partly out of pleasure, since I did have a very large cock, and it was sometimes hard for her to take it all in at first. I forced myself to just move it back and forth very slowly, even though I wanted to fuck her so hard that she'd scream.

"Are you okay?" I asked softly, hoping I wasn't hurting her too bad.

"Uhhh, Matt..." she said breathlessly, "Fuck me hard! Oh gods, fuck me as hard as you can, I need to feel you inside me!"

I inhaled sharply. This was one of my favorite parts about sex with her, when we let everything go and just fucked for as long and as hard as I wanted to. She was just giving herself to me, begging me to pound my rock hard cock into her until she came. I swallowed hard, and began to thrust in and out of her very hard, marveling at the feeling of her pussy. It was so warm and wet, I could feel the wetness right through the condom, and overtime I pushed into her I could feel resistance inside her that made me thrust into her even further. I leant down on her, and continued to pound my cock into her, the whole time getting even more turned on by the moaning and mewling that was coming from her. With each stroke she was just begging me to pound her harder. 

I pulled out suddenly, and she cried in protest, but I ignored it, and grabbed her ankles, pushing down on them until they almost touched the bed. I rose to a kneeling potion, and then without warning rammed my hard cock as deeply I could into her pussy. She moaned sharply, and tossed her head from side to side.

"Oh yessss" She breathed, "Oh, fuck me harder Matt, shove your hard cock deep inside me."

"Oh yeah" I said, and shoved my cock into her as deep as it would go. "You like that don't you?" I love it when she talks dirty to me during sex, it makes it feel so dirty and indecent. I rammed my cock into her faster, fucking her with reckless abandon, unable to concentrate on anything but how tight and warm her pussy felt. I began to feel to feel that familiar warm, tight sensation in my stomach that told me I was going to climax soon, so I stopped thrusting and back away for a second. She opened her eyes and looked up at me with a disappointed look on her face, I could tell she didn't want me to take my cock out of her pussy.

"Were you close?" I asked, wanting very badly to come, but I don't like coming unless I make her come first. I loved making her come, the way she moans when she climaxes, and the feeling of her pussy clenching around my cock just sends me through the roof.

"Yeah, I was pretty close, but..." she trailed off, and I knew what she was going to ask me

I grinned, her shyness at a time like this turning me on even more. "You want me to fuck my doggy style so you can play with yourself, don't you?"

She bit her lip and nodded, blushing a little, embarrassed that she wanted to do something dirty to herself while having sex with me. I laughed a bit, and slid off the bed, pulling her towards the edge with me. "I want you to play with yourself," I said, my cock growing harder with anticipation. "And I want you to come too." I flipped her over on her stomach, and she pushed herself hips upward, so she was kneeling on the edge of the bed in front of me. 

I stroked my shaft a few times as I looked at her, her ass up in the air, just waiting for me to dominate her, just waiting for me to shove my hard cock inside her so she could come. I grabbed her hips and placed the head of my cock on the lips of her pussy for just a moment and I slowly forced my cock inside her pussy. I let out a groan of pleasure, her pussy always felt so tight when I fucked her like this, and she let out a loud moan. I leant down and took one of her hand, and guided it between her legs, urging her to rub her clit to make her orgasm that much more intense.

She moaned again and pushed her hips backwards onto my cock. "Oh gods Matt, fuck me!" She groaned, "I want you to come when I come, I want you to come inside me!"

I started thrusting my cock in and out of her pussy slowly, I was already very close to coming, I could feel the heat in my get already, and I wanted to enjoy this for a while until she was ready to come too. She moaned into the pillow she was lying on, and I could feel the tips of her fingers brushing against my shaft as she rubbed herself. I could feel her pussy tightening slowly, and she began to moan louder, begging me to fuck her harder. My breathing became ragged and I started to thrust my hard cock into her wet pussy as hard as I could, her moans bringing me even closer to coming, but I forced myself to hold it off.

"Ohhh..." she moaned, her voice muffled by the pillow. "Mmmm...Matt... Oh gods Matt, I'm going to come soon. Uhh, fuck me hard, and come inside me!!" 

I panted and rammed my cock into her as hard as I could, my grip tightening on her hips. I could feel the orgasm building inside me, my cock started to tight and hot and I could tell I was about to come. I thrust into her harder, and swallowed hard as I felt myself about to climax.

"Oh gods!" She cried, and I felt her pussy start to clench around my cock. "Oh gods Matt, I'm coming...nyahh!" I felt her pussy spasm around my cock and I lost it, my orgasm took me at the same time, and I felt the unbelievable pressure release, "Uhhh" I groaned, and thrust my cock deep inside her, "I'm coming... ahhh... I'm coming!!" I groaned, and held hips and thrust my cock as deeply into her as it would go, releasing my semen deep inside her as she cried out from the intensity of her orgasm. 

I held onto my orgasm as long as I could, reveling in the feeling until I was spent, my energy totally gone. I let out a deep sigh, and collapsed on top of her for a moment, cherishing that completely satisfied feeling that ones gets from and orgasm. We stayed like that for a few seconds, and then she wiggled under me, complaining that I was heavy. I smiled, pushed myself off of her, removed the condom then collapsed on the bed, totally spent. She smiled, pulled the blanket up, and snuggled next to me, laying her head on my chest.

I wrapped my arm around her. "I love you," I said, fighting the urge to yawn and failing miserably.

She laughed softly. "I love you too hun, but we should take a rest for a little while, I have something else that's even more fun planned for a bit later."

I smiled, pulled her closer to me, and began to drift off to sleep. 

Mmmm, I though as I drifted off, sleep...

My eyes snapped open. Wait, I though, What else could she have planned!?