 MY SIDE OF THE BED

The weight of the desert's scorch, coupled with the fire she stoked within, became unbearable. I needed to cool. I tried to roll on my back but the couch's close quarters prevented me. "Ugh," I said. "Too hot." 

I staggered inside and poured myself into bed, sandwiching myself inelegantly between the tussled white hotels linens. The fabric stuck to me. I pulled the sheet up to my chest, hoping the material would absorb the perspiration. I flopped my arms wide away from me, too, pleading to speed my cool down. In short order, I was asleep. 

* * *

I floated in semi-consciousness. I heard the afternoon breeze stir the fronds outside. I sensed her next to me. Her skin was a remarkably perfect blend of cool, warm and soft. She kept me warm under the ceiling fan without overheating me. My right arm was pinned beneath her; palm upturned, I cupped her Mons. Comfortable, I dozed.

I felt her rise. Curious what she was up to, I began to turn my head and open my eyes. Feeling her breath on my neck, she whispered sultrily, "Keep them closed for me." I returned my head to its rest. I felt her tongue caress my ear. With a pregnant pause, she let out a hungry, breathy sigh. She returned to the top, gliding the edge between her lips, her tongue flickering along. At the end she caught my lobe between her teeth. The shock caused me to inhale sharply, my chest and hips rose, and my cock erected rapidly.

I ran my right hand along the left side of her body: up her thigh to her hip, across to her left cheek, over to the small of her back, up her back with my fingertips in the channel of her spine. I swung out at her shoulder blade, caressing her ribcage and the side of her breast. When I was underneath, I cupped her, trapping her resilient gumdrop nipple in the webbing between my index and middle fingers. My left hand accompanied on her right breast, mirroring its sibling's action.

She nibbled her way down my neck. Not wanting to impede, I released her breasts, letting my palms slide across the tops of them as her body slid down. She swung her right leg over me. My cock, glistening in pre-cum, glided with ease along the yielding skin of her abdomen. 

Her mouth moved to my right nipple. Licking masterfully, commandingly, my mind liquefied. My eyes, though still shut, rolled into the back of my head. I massaged her shoulders, my hands gripping tightly to her powdery skin. My right hand released her and slid along her neck and up into her hair. Enflamed, I pushed her head into my chest. I slithered my left hand below and, grabbing her ass, pushed her pelvis against me as I thrust my hips upward, my engorged cock mashed against her belly. I let out a pleading groan.

As her teeth released my nipple, my hand released her head. Her tongue teased a trail along my chest from my right nipple to my left. She offered her care again, working me to a frenzy. With no control, I clutched her ass, ran my fingers through her hair, thrust my cock into her, and panted wantingly. 

She stopped and slid up along my body. Still without permission to open them, my eyes remained shut. My mouth was open, gaping and gasping. I sensed her breasts hanging near my face, just out of reach. I felt my erection slide through grasslands of her Mons before springing free between her thighs. The heat from her vulva was blistering. My cock throbbed seekingly in response. She slowly, purposefully reversed. The engorged head of my cock touched her soft, soaked entry. With her lips lightly kissing my glans, she let out a throaty, "Ngha..." Then, leaning by my ear, said breathily: "Bend your knees, please." The decorum of her words juxtaposed with the passion of the situation was intensely erotic. As requested, I bent my knees. She continued sliding down. The head of my cock slid between her painted lips and popped past the muscled ring of her entry. She enveloped as much of me as she could until her butt came to rest on my thighs. 

I was unsure about this position at first, but then it dawned on me: this shallow angle kept the swollen ridge of my corona rubbing deliciously against the engorged spongy wall of her G-spot. More than happy to oblige, a sly smile crossed my face. She started slowly, sliding up and down along my length, savoring. In turn, I lay back, letting my four active senses enjoy her: the sound of her escalating desire; the scent of her femininity; the softness of her skin, the scalding heat of her wetness along my cock, and the gripping of her muscle along my shaft; and the taste of her saltiness as I kissed her forearms, planted by my head for support. 

I felt her weight change. She sat up. As this is my favorite position—a woman sitting up with me buried within, her back arched, her breasts jutting gloriously forward—I needed to enjoy this with my eyes. She ran her fingers through her hair, clearing her locks away from her face. She then ran her hands down her body, over her breasts, down her belly, around to her waist, coming to rest at her hips, her arms akimbo. My eyes had followed, drinking in her triumphant breasts; her flushed chest; her taut, succulent nipples; her undulating belly; her full hips; the wispy caramel strands of her pubic hair and the florid fleshy mound beneath. My eyes retreated upwards, drinking in her magnificence glazed in sweat. They met hers, locked and stared deep within. I could tell that, despite her best efforts to remain in control, it was slipping. But I could also see that, at the slightest offer, she would happily relinquish. 

I let her continue her gentle, steady rhythm of grinding against me. But without warning, I thrust my hips upward, plunging deep within her, bumping her cervix. She collapsed forward. Her ear now by my mouth, I whispered surely, "Let yourself go..." With that, she rose up on her knees and supported herself with her hands again, pinning my shoulders to the mattress. I laid my legs straight. The time for politeness was gone: We fucked each other. Hard. Fast. Feveredly. Abandonedly. I grabbed her ass with my left hand and pressed her down onto me. I grabbed her left breast with my right hand and fed her electrified nipple to my starved mouth unapologetically. 

Her hair draped into my face. She burst out a series of, "oh! oh! oh! OH!" and with a final "rrrrrrrr—Ah!" she orgasmed. She collapsed onto me as I enjoyed her spasms on my bloated shaft. Wrapping my arms around her, I breathed deeply and purposefully, working to thwart my own orgasm. With the urge passed, I resumed sliding in and out of her, delicately. Her body responded quickly. I tried to match the speed of my thrusts with her ascension. She began calling my name, softly at first, the volume and arousal increasing proportionately. I slid my right hand down her back and anchored my hand on the border between the small of her back and her ass, and pressed her pelvis firmly into me. My left arm braced across her shoulder blades, holding her to me. I kissed her ear, her neck, her shoulder. I felt her body, slicked with perspiration, skate atop mine. With a second set of "oh! oh! oh! OH!" and a final, guttural "grrrrrr!" I brought her again. 

Her body went limp in the afterglow. Flushed and sweaty, she unsteadily rolled off and lay on the bed, bewildered. I gave her a few moments to catch her breath. I rolled to her, my glazed erection poking her thigh. She lifted her head to kiss me, but interrupting her, I whispered, "Close your eyes."