 "There's something about most women that most men don't know," he said, a cheeky little smile played on his face. "Women love talking about sex, use words to explore it with them and they'll adore you for it."

I was intrigued, loved that he knew but what came next entranced me even more. "Add in some imagination and you get the most amazing sex ever," he said, his voice calm even though those gentle brown eyes were appraising every contour of my body and I warmed under his gaze.

"That's true but it's hard to do" I replied, thinking back to a few of my previous suitors for whom imagination had seemed to occupy the same mystical territory as the multiple orgasm.

"Not for me", he leaned closer. "I'll make you a deal. I'll make up a story for you right now and if you like it you take me to your room. Ok?" I studied him properly for the first time, wondering if I could have sex with him. I liked his pose, although he was short he carried power, there was a hidden physical determination to him that made him sexy. He wasn't great looking, wasn't perfectly muscled but I loved his mouth and as a confirmed sapiosexual he was as hot as beans in the intelligence department.

I had to admit I loved this idea, all the more so because he was creating something just for me. I loved his confidence too, totally sure of his own ability to carry this off, happy to take a challenge on and there was something deliciously dirty about my body being the reward.

Fuck, I was hot already, how could someone I'd barely met be pressing my buttons so soon. I was moist from his frank desire, the simple turn on of a man honestly telling you that you were what he wanted. I knew where this was going to end up, into my mind jumped the idea of sinking to my knees in front of him, taking him in my mouth and finishing him there and then. With the whole lobby watching. I even liked the idea of the watchers. Not allowed to admit that though.

'Her eyes widened as he penetrated her. That first movement always caused her a little shock, the expected contact somehow still surprised her. Then came the flow of feeling, the build of sensation, the joining of two bodies into one mind'.

He was actually saying this. To me, in public. My blood pounded through me, I wished his cock would do the same. It wasn't just the words, it was the quiet growl in the delivery, he used his voice as an instrument. I wanted more, leaned closer to hear him better.

'She stroked his arms, felt the firmness of the muscle, the tautness of the skin. They kissed, passionately then hard, tongues searching for each other, locking together in a subtle mimicry of their greater act'.

He kissed me! Soft, firm, lingering and sensual. Then he pulled back. My mind reeled, my heat rose, adrenaline coursed through me pinging shockwaves around my system. He kissed me again and I kissed him back, desperately devouring him, trying to control the subterfuge of endorphins snaking into my glands.

'He was moving harder now, more concerned with his own orgasm than their joint intensity of feeling. She could feel his weight, his presence against her, inside her, using her. There was an urgency to him, an impulsiveness that she responded to, welcomed even as he fucked her harder'.

Without me noticing his hand was between my legs as he said those words. He touched me then, gently caressed me through my soaking wet knickers, then slipped a finger inside. I so nearly came, no warning. My body was on fire, I could feel my nipples straining to hard little points, I was ready, ready, ready for sex and all that I hoped would come with it.

'He needed that release, that energetic explosion to provide the closure and for those moments she was his path, his vehicle, his receptacle. "Empty yourself my darling" she whispered.'

His finger circled my hood over and over. I moaned, several people looked at us. He kissed me again as he intensified the pressure. I moaned into his mouth, bit his lip, generally tried to pretend I wasn't getting as wound up as I clearly was. He pulled back and smiled. I noticed for the first time that his top incisors were a touch longer than normal.

"You've got vampire teeth" I giggled, relieved to have something else to focus on.

"And you've got a beautiful neck," he replied, his meaning clear.

Desire shot through me, pulses of bright white laser fire. He couldn't know how much I liked to be bitten there could he? How vulnerable yet incredibly sexy I felt when a man placed his teeth against that sensitive skin. He leaned forward, brushed his lips across my neck, across my throat, then nipped me gently. 

I moaned properly then, couldn't help it, a powerless plaything in a hopeless position. I covered the hand still toying with me in my liquid and I kissed him again and again, harder, deeper each time. I was so turned on I wished I had a cock, wished I could be inside him, wished I could feel that sensation.

"Your room now" he said and rose from the table, pulling me with him by the hand. I was both lost and found, saved and condemned, my last wish had become my first promise. He walked me to the lift, a calm even pace that belied the hot smoky pull of desire between us. "Your turn to do something for me" he said as the door closed.

I knew what he meant, almost grateful for the instruction I dropped to my knees, had fished him loose and into my welcoming mouth by the second floor. I sucked greedily, hungrily, looked up at him to make eye contact and loved the response I got, an even bigger stiffness to wrap my gilt edged tongue around. The lift slowed, was it stopping? I scrambled to my feet in case, thank god I did as two men and a woman got in on the sixth floor.

I was so, so hot, could still feel him in my mouth even though he wasn't there. To cover himself he pulled me into him for a kiss and the action made me gush even more, made me want him even more, made me need to please him even more. I felt the eyes of our new travelling companions on us, obviously interested in us and our public display.

They must be able to smell it, smell me, sense my wantonness, I thought. Were the two men looking at me? Did my dripping sex give them the right to take me here and now, in public, had I invited them, did I have a defence, did I even want one? How had he got me here with just words, a voice and a kiss? The thought that this guy could take over the world with a voice, some words and a kiss made my knees weak. He seemed to know what I was thinking. "Sex toy" he whispered, softly enough only I could hear.

I flooded, melted into desire, as hot as molten gold but with a brighter sheen. He could have it, whatever he wanted. I'd submit, hell I'd encourage, he could flip me over and use me in any way he chose and I'd welcome him no matter what. The lift stopped, the three people left and we were alone, kissing like crazy until we reached my floor, until with fumbling hands and racing heart I managed to navigate the door.

Onto the bed, finally into some privacy. 'Take me' my brain screamed at him. I tore my knickers off, kicked them free, for the second time pulled him free from his trousers and took him into my mouth. I tasted him, loved it. Swirled his head with my tongue, ran my fingers along his shaft, felt the smooth hardness. I needed him to fuck me with that, quench some of the fire he'd raised, I fell back before him, happy to submit, surely he couldn't refuse?

He took a moment to shift my dress up over my hips, how could he be so calm, so measured when I was so nakedly, rampantly hot? I spread my legs wider as he looked between them, I felt self-conscious for a second but then I saw the desire in his eyes and my whole body shivered in anticipation. He was on me then, the ruffled folds of my dress the only barrier between us and that was no barrier at all. I felt his head, the head that had been in my mouth a moment ago pushed against my entrance and he held it there for a second, savouring the moment.

I screamed as he entered me, what else could I do, reduced as I was to the sensual hussy his words had turned me into. He felt so strong inside me, I stretched to accommodate him, to feel every aspect of him I could. Liquid ran down my legs, ran between my cheeks, instant lubrication for him in case he wanted to thrust in there too. He fucked me, my god he really did, a serious jungle fucking, I had no idea what that meant but it stuck in my head as the best way to describe it. Then he stopped, caught me by surprise.

"We need this off", he started to pull my dress up. "I want you without it so I can see just how ravishing you are." I obliged, putty in his hands, I wanted him to admire me, wanted his lust for me to power across us like a radiant wave.

He raised himself up on one arm and ran the other hand across my shoulders, his touch set the world on a dizzying new plane of intensity. "So beautiful" he whispered. "Just simply stunningly beautiful". I basked in the glow, sunned myself in the radiance of his desire. He pulled back and then thrust once, hard and deep, and stayed there. Then he did it again, and again. Each time it was as though he was entering me anew. What the fucking hell was this, some sort of Icelandic cave man thing? His hardness must be hurting him, he felt so swollen I nearly felt sorry for him.

The gaps between the thrusts was never the same, I was hanging onto him in every sense and each one brought some variation of the sensational feelings building in me. He gradually got faster, made his way back to a rhythm we could settle in. I tasted his sweat when I kissed him, it mixed with mine on his skin, I breathed his musk as I consumed him, totally abandoned to the moment.

"It's my time" he said and I could swear his voice dropped an octave. He gently withdrew and turned me over, placed me on my knees and entered me again. I pushed back, forced him deeper, made him fuck me, on all fours, my breasts swinging from our motion. He didn't hold my hips, my ass wasn't his focus, he held my shoulders, cramped me onto him, raised the intensity yet again.

We reached new heights then, as that all knowing all seeing man used me to finally burst the dam. So deep, so hard, I trembled and shook, a rag tossed by the wind, a naked consumed object of desire. I could feel it come from his base, from the very integral core of his being, like a series of tennis balls propelled up a hosepipe, each one exploding into the sopping, soaking mess I'd become. 

I screamed again, a cry to match his primal power, over and over, unable to vocalise the straining passion I was slave to. Time was lost, the world had gone, the very air I needed to survive wouldn't rush into my lungs fast enough and the only relief I had was when we collapsed together with him still twitching inside me as I spasmed against him.

I was panting, I felt like a ravaged animal, that amount of desire had stripped me of any pretence and simply laid bare who I really was, what I could really be turned into. He held me, suddenly gentle, suddenly supportive. He made my passionate display our secret with those actions and I warmed myself on that trust.

After a while he carefully withdrew, came to stand alongside me. "Taste yourself" he said and I eagerly took him into my mouth again. I felt his fingers in my hair so I looked up at him. "After all you want round two don't you?" he said.