 Cooper Lusk's bored wife left him nine years ago and fled to Sydney, where she probably became a waitress, petrol station cashier, prostitute or whatever.

That's when Cooper handed back his rental home, sold his building maintenance business and drifted south, eager to feel like a free man. A month later he was engaged as one of the three regular skippers of the two 40-max passenger ferries running between Port Ross and the holiday resort of Temple Island.

He lived in an old fishing shack that he'd made more inhabitable and occasionally had a female in for a night or two for a bit of slap and tickle, or as Cooper tended to think, to ensure his pipes remained in good working order.

Usually the females came to him when they were bored at home, between boyfriends or when their husband or 'live-in' guy was away.

Cooper was 35, lean and fit and quite good looking to boot. To top that off, the cheerful guy was always ready with a laugh and a story and, as a bonus, was good to go multiple times a night.

That suggested good marital material but, alas, he only seemed to attract married women or females who found themselves horny when their man was away, for instance visiting his mother way up north or out on an extended period on a commercial fishing boat or away on military manoeuvres.

Still, Cooper was optimistic that that a woman still young enough to have a couple of children and love him, would find him one day (or more likely one night). 

He worked from 8.00 am to 6.00 pm with a 2-hour break between 1.00 and 3.00. A relief skipper sailed his ferry each Monday and Tuesday and the other regular skipper used the same relief skipper each Thursday and Friday.

Being rather an innovative chap, Cooper developed an interesting past-time for the slack period between 10 am and noon when the few passengers aboard sat outside fore and aft or on the lower deck. The wheelhouse, where the vessel was steered by a big wheel, was an enclosure at the front of the upper deck. He selected female passengers travelling alone as a target when one would come up to the coffee machine beside the open sliding door of the wheelhouse.

He would asked cheerfully, "Oh, you're making coffee?" 

Usually the woman, even if a regular and had heard the same line previously, would answer, "Yes, would you like one?"

Such a response would stroke his sexuality and he'd answer, "Yes, I suppose so."

The woman would reply, "Is that a yes or a no" or just ignore him or perhaps pour him a blend of her choice and take it into the wheelhouse.

Coffee-bearing women entering the wheelhouse, she would be considered potential prey.

"Hi, why don't you join me?"

The woman might already have her coffee in the other hand or would say she would fetch her drink or say shyly (yes there are still shy women around) no thanks. He had one experience when symbolically she went for the jugular and snarled, "Back off you creep."

Cooper didn't like being ignored, and was happy with any answer even if it meant the game was over before it started or perhaps given time it might be progressing to Stage 2.

"Hi, call me Cooper."

The replies would vary and include, "Hi, I'm Joss" for example, or a stalling, "Hi, I'm not sure I should be here" or perhaps a distant "I'm Mrs Shute, mother of five". The latter response was disappointing as she should not have added that unnecessary family stuff and instead taken a chance and played the game. 

Very occasionally, perhaps once every couple of months, the woman would lick her top lip and smile, and coo, "Are you coming on to me" and he would reply with a wolfish grin, "Yes, press my button."

* * *

As on any sailing, the game had to start fairly early in the trip as it was 40 minutes between the deckhand casting off and tying up the berthing lines at the other end of the journey.

Women who relaxed about having coffee with the skipper in the wheelhouse, would usually look around and say something like "Nice view", "It's very pleasant here" or perhaps if a potential serious game player, she might ask pointedly, "What's next.?"

By then, Cooper would have completed his appraisal and had decided he'd like to fuck this passenger or think he never wished to touch her. Some could be worth cultivating to hit on firmly on the return voyage.

Only rarely would a female back up against the control panel, lift up her skirt and say something like, "Is this what you want?" 

Yes, very rarely indeed, dammit.

However, with time running out, it was not usual for a female to say, "This is lovely, I'd like to do it again sometime."

He always hoped that promising women like that would brush a hand against his groin, but hey, this wasn't Egypt, Hong Kong or Miami or even Auckland, just across the Tasman Sea.

One night, alone on his reclining chair, Cooper idly imagined stopping the ferry midway to enjoy waiting for a woman to divest two shirts, three under-vests, two pairs of panties, two singlets, a single bra and then ask him to pick the lock of her chastity belt. She then eyed him lushly and murmured, 'I'm coming ready or not."

He shook his head to clear it and returned to watching sport on TV thinking that clearly, he might almost be regarded as a foul predator.

Eventually, as to be expected through having tried so much to make it happen, Cooper experienced almost perfect wheelhouse sex occurred for him and a lady who knew him (he couldn't remember her name; it had been 11 years since they'd met).

She bought two cups of coffee into the wheelhouse and said, "Omigod, Cooper Lusk."

"Yes," he said guiltily, wondering if he was in line for a paternity claim. Then he thought perhaps not, she was some years younger than him. She must be a distant relative of his runaway wife.

"I'm sorry but..."

"That's okay. I've grown breasts and filled out in other directions since we last saw each other. I'm your wife's niece and was 14 years old when I was a bridesmaid at your wedding. I was Nellie Bright then and returned to that name following my divorce last year."

"Oh hi, probably you were the flower girl that vomited over me when I lifted you up to kiss you in thanks while we were waiting for the wedding photos to be taken."

"Oh heavens, fancy you remembering that. Yes, I'd been hungry and had eaten most of the flower in my posy."

"God, I had to restrain your aunt from attacking you and her sister, my bride, was hysterical. The photographer advised his female assistant to sluice me down with water all over as then it would look as if my morning suit was made of a modern material."

"Where is your wife?"

"Probably on her back earning money to meet her living costs in Sydney. She ran away because she was bored and without couth friends in the seaside fishing village where we'd settled for a while."

"Then, what are you doing for sex?"

Recklessly, Cooper quipped and said, "Waiting in vain for someone like you to come along."

Without comment, she bent and pulled her panties off and then lifted up the hem of her dress high and said, "There you go, push into it."

Cooper tethered the wheel, dropped his pants and worked his dick erect.

"We don't have much time. In eight minutes. I'll have to begin berthing manoeuvres."

He pulled down the shutters behind him as she yelled, "Well, at least let's get started."

"Omigod, you're tight," he wheezed and she groaned and complained did he need to be so enormous.

She clamped her legs around him and began humping and he swayed forth and back fighting to keep his balance and hold all her weight while also attempting to counter-thrust.

"Flip your tits out."

"I don't dare as I may lose my grip and we'll tumble to the dick, I mean deck." 

A minute later she said, "This is so exciting I'm about to come. What do I have to do to make you flood over my cervix?"

"Oh no, we forget the condom."

"Why are you blaming me by saying we?"

"Forget it, I'll pull out in time."

"There's no need; I'm protected. Just flood me till I begin to choke."

Cooper then realized he was about to experience on of his fastest ejaculations ever.

"Coming ready or not," he shouted.

"Fill me," she screamed, and began heaving and blathering.

"Wow," they said in unison, panting as they began to descend from their passionate heights.

Cooper checked his watch and yelped that they were 10 seconds away from berthing procedures.

He freed the wheel, checked their position and gave the customary sharp toot of the siren to indicate berthing procedure had commenced.

"I need a shower," she said.

"Later, held me get my pants on."

Soon there will only be you and me onboard as I begin a 2-hour break when we berth and the deckhand will be off for a counter-lunch at the pub.

"You mean you intend having more sex?"

"Yeah, and you can come aboard each day at 1.00 pm for more sex."

"Oh, fantastic. You'll be so good for my health."

"Um, yeah. I guess so. Well at least I did learn your name before we fucked. We are not animals, are we?"

"Of course not. It's just that we both like sex. I can go for hours."

Cooper licked his lips and said, "It's great the we are both horny people um, oh yeah, your name's Nellie. Later I must find about the possibility of you moving in with me. Ripping off spontaneous sex like we just did is so romantic, don't you think?"

He looked at Nellie and saw indications of rising passion.

"No, no. Nellie not just yet. Just allow me to berth the ferry first.

"Oh, okay. I'll get us coffee.

The End