 I want to know. I want to know when you're thinking about me, when you're feeling happy, when you're feeling sad. I want to know when you feel excitement; I want to know when you feel euphoria. I get off on knowing you are having fun. Thinking about you mid-orgasm makes me shudder with extreme pleasure.

I want to taste you. I want to suck on your fingers, your toes, your neck, your nipples, labia, and your clit. I want to drive my tongue deep inside you, wiggle it around, curl it, and squirm my tongue around inside you. To taste you. I want you to cum tonight.

I have this little massager from bed bath and beyond. Just sort of these wooden balls held together by very short dowel rods. If I were with you tonight, I would have you lay naked on your front, and I would massage every inch of you... your shoulders, lower back, your calves, your butt. I'd kiss every part as I finished so your muscles would be as loose as they've ever felt. Then I'd roll you over and begin to massage your legs, your inner thighs. I'd continue to kiss every inch after I finished massaging. Before long, I'd toss the massager aside in favor of just kissing everything. Not a second goes by between kisses on your neck, cleavage, belly, knees, nipples, everything. But I wouldn't kiss the nipples at first. I'd have to tease you first. Holding my mouth over them about a quarter inch, I'd breathe on them. I'd match the rise and fall of your breasts as you breathe. You start to jut your chest out, trying to get me to touch them, to lick them, to kiss them, to bite them, just to make contact in any way. But I would pull away just enough. Then I'd kiss your lips and then suck as hard as I can on the nipple. I would take off my shirt and press my chest against your naked breasts, feeling our skin touch our bodies against each other.

I'd caress your shoulders, knead your breasts, and when your arms drop to my belt, I'll slide off my pants, but you don't get to feel me inside you just yet. I have to taste you, make sure you're wet enough. I bring your knees up and apart, so that your ankles nearly pressed to your beautiful ass. I'd run one long lick from your vagina to the top of the clitoris, tracing the slit and giving almost no pressure. Then I'd use my hands to pull apart your outer labia, revealing the wonderful treasures inside. I'm mesmerized, dazed by the beauty of your sex - as I always am, every time we're together.

I'd begin by placing my tongue against the very top of your clitoris, where it is least sensitive, and running my tongue in almost microscopic circles. You moan, and your hips match those motions. There's my favorite bit of skin between the vagina and the anus. It's soft, and usually extremely sensitive. I like to apply a little pressure there, maybe stroke it a bit while I perform. Then I slide a finger inside you, twisting it around a bit to get you wet. I move my hand so the palm is facing up, and curl my finger in a 'come here' motion.

I drive my tongue deep inside you, wiggle it around, curl it, and make you squirm around my tongue inside of you. My tongue stays hard on your clit. I start to put more pressure on it, move a little lower on it, where it is more sensitive. You can feel my finger on the inside and my tongue on the outside, and it feels like I'm trying to touch them. My other hand moves down below the vagina and lightly strokes the soft skin there. You feel electricity shooting through your body and you arch your back. I want you so badly. I just want to wrap my arms around you, drive deep inside you, and feel you milking my cock. While I hold you tight, your beautiful body spasming, pulsing. And you pass out for just a moment from the overwhelming joy. But I discipline myself, forcing myself to wait until you cum. I want you to get dripping wet. I want you to feel an intense orgasm at my hands - and tongue.

And when you finally stop writhing, I slide up your body, your knees fall conveniently to the sides of my hips, and your legs wrap around me. I attach my lips to each nipple and give it a suck, then kiss you deeply. Then I slide inside you. You're tight, hot, wet, and you feel my cock sliding in and out. I can still feel a few squeezes, involuntary waves from your now passing orgasm. My hands explore your body, every inch from caressing your checks, your forehead, stroking your hair, squeezing your breasts, sliding down to our shoulders. And after what feels like days of pure joy, my pounding inside you, sometimes long, deep strokes, and sometimes extremely quick and shallow, and occasionally hard forceful thrusts. I part your lips with mine, close my eyes, drive my tongue deep inside your mouth, kiss you passionately, and thrust my hips forward, grabbing the edge of the mattress and I start gushing deep inside you.