 Stacie walked into the dimly lit bar with one thing on her mind. She was intent on finding just the right man for a little sexual pleasure.

When she entered the bar she noticed two men sitting at the end of the bar by the door. Both men probably in their middle to late sixties, to old for what she had in mind. There were also two other men sitting on the far side of the bar. Both dressed casual, polo shirts and slacks. She would bet her last dollar that those two had just came in for a couple of drinks after a golf game, they looked the type and like the two older men they were not what she had in mind either. There were two young couples sitting at a table near the pool table having a game of partners it looked like. One man sitting in a corner booth, she could tell he had already had one to many and not suited for what she wanted. There was another man sitting in a far corner booth, he appeared to be reading a book or looking over some papers. Two other men sitting at a table a couple of tables away from the young kids. One man probably a farmer she guessed, also probably in his early sixties was talking to another man that Stacie guessed was mid to late forties. He was the one she thought would make a suitable partner for a little pleasure. 

Stacie sat at a table to the right of them and a little behind them so she could keep her eye on him while she formed her plan. The waitress took her order and while she waited for her drink she looked the man over a little more closely now that she was close enough to size him up. Just an average looking guy, nothing to write home to mother about came to mind, but she just had a feeling this man would fill her needs.

Stacie wasn't much of a looker either, she was 5' 5, shoulder length raven black hair, on the very plump side as well. Her best feature she knew were her eyes, a deep green, a dark jade color is what her husband had told her. He said he could get lost in those eyes of hers, but Stacie did have a pretty face. She was wearing a pair of dark green slacks, beige open backed sandals, and a bright lemon, sleeveless blouse that she had made herself. Stacie usually made all her blouses, she hated that the stores that catered to the larger woman never had anything what she considered sexy for the larger lady. Most of the clothes for larger women she had found were made and cut for women who were broad, not for those who had a belly, and she just hated that. The blouse was scalloped on the edges around the neckline which was deep, showing off her very ample cleavage and scalloped around the hem. Boob men always stared at her chest even if they weren't attracted to her type of woman.

Stacie walked over to the pool table and put her quarters down on it. She asked the kids if she found a partner would they shoot just one game with her and the kids told her they would love to. She walked over to the table where the two men were and asked them if one of them would be her partner in a game of pool. At first she thought the older guy was gonna say sure but instead he turned to his friend and suggested he shoot the game with her.

At first Stacie thought he was going to decline but he told her, "sure, why not, let's kick those kids butts." Stacie smiled and introduced herself and he replied that his name was Tom. Tom broke and put in both a solid and a stripe on the break. He then dropped two more solids in before missing his shot. Stacie got to really look him over while he was shooting. He had a nice body and it fit well into the tight jeans he was wearing. His hair was brown with just a bit of gray in it, and his eyes were coal black, kind of sinister looking she thought to herself. 

The young man was shooting now and it looked like he was going to kick their butts. "So MS Stacie what brings you into a place like this all alone on a Friday night," he asked her? "I needed some air and needed to do a little thinking," she replied. "You having troubles at home," he asked pointing to the wedding band on her finger? "That's putting it mildly," she replied back. Tom chuckled, "Hon we have all been there," he said while pointing to his own wedding band. "Things will probably all work out in the end if you give it a little time" he said. "I doubt it but thanks for caring that kinda makes me feel a little better," she said smiling up at him. Damn he was tall, she hadn't really noticed until now. By now the kid had cleared the table of his balls and everyone was thanking each other for the game. Tom walked Stacie back to her table and she thanked him for playing with her. He smiled down at her and told her it was his pleasure.

She motioned the waitress over and ordered a drink for herself and for Tom and his friend. When the waitress delivered the drinks to their table he turned around and both of them raised their beers to her. "Why don't you come join us Stacie, old Pete here is quite harmless and won't bite you," Tom said to her. Stacie picked up her drink and went to join the two men at their table. Tom introduced Stacie and Pete to each other and then told Pete that she was having a little marital problems at home and winked at him. Pete busted out laughing, "yup been there done that, and been in the dog house myself many of times over the years," he told her. "What's the matter sweetie, he not loving you enough," he asked her with a twinkle in his eye. Tom had kicked him under the table, that was clear when Pete asked him why the hell had he kicked him? "You have to forgive Pete Stacie, it seems he doesn't know how to be discrete in asking a lady a personal question," he said. "Look, when a woman's upset with her man it's for one of four reasons,"Pete was saying. "He forgot their anniversary, he's been out drinking all night with his buddies, he got caught cheating on her, or he's not giving her enough at home," he winked at Stacie as he was listing them off to her. All three of them started laughing then. 

Just then the band started playing a slow song, Stacie was going to ask Tom to dance with her, but again Pete beat her to it. "Why don't you have a dance with Stacie Tom, get her mind off being mad at her man," Pete said to him. "I'm not a good dancer Stacie, I hardly ever dance," he told her. She didn't give him a chance to refuse though, she stood up and took his hand. "Come on Tom, it's been a very long, long time since I've danced with anyone. Don't worry just move your feet back and forth and we'll call it dancing," she said to him.

At first Tom kept a respectable distance between them, but Stacie moved in closer. "God she smells nice, I like her perfume," Tom was thinking to himself. Tom was wondering what it was that her husband had done to make her so upset when Stacie interrupted his thoughts by asking him if she could ask him a personal question. He nodded his head yes so Stacie asked him how old he was, he replied he was 46. "Do you still enjoy sex Tom," she asked him. That question almost made him stumble, he never saw that one coming he was thinking. "I'm sorry if that's to personal a question I'll understand, I was just curious is all," she told him. "I don't mind Stacie, you just kinda of surprised me with that one is all, but to answer your question yes I do, " he told her. Must be Pete was right, the hubby is not giving it up at home. Hell come to think of it, Tom couldn't remember the last time he and his wife and had made love either. Not because he wasn't interested but more often than not she was either to tired or she was fast asleep by the time he got home from work during the week. Tom and his hand were real close friends in the release department. 

"Tom do you make love to your wife often or just once in a while? I'm sorry, I know that is very personal but I'm trying to understand what is going on with my husband. He's a year younger than you and it's been more than six months since we've made love. When I try to make love to him he's always to busy or tired, or maybe he's just not interested in me anymore," she said the latter rather softly.

"How long have you been married Stacie," he asked her? "Twenty-three years next month. How long for you" she asked him. "Twenty-four, silver anniversary is on November 9th of this year," he told her. The song ended and they walked back to the table. Pete was standing up when they got there. "I've got to get going or I'll be in dog house for sure. It was nice meeting you Stacie and I'll see you tomorrow at work Tom," he said as he was leaving.

"I'm going to have one more beer before I head home, would you like another drink Stacie," he asked her. She nodded yes and Tom ordered them another round from the waitress. "Stacie I'm sure your husband still desires you, maybe he's having a medical problem, you know that does happen to us guys as we get older, damn it all," he said winking at her. Tom was thinking of his wife laying home asleep in their bed. His wife was still a looker, she had been prom queen in high school and Tom still couldn't believe she had fallen in love with him when she had her pick of the whole damn school and county for that matter.

Their sex life had become almost nonexistent in the last couple of years. Not for his lack of trying to seduce his wife. She just didn't seem interested in sex anymore. She was all wrapped up with her job, the kids and the grandkids. Sex seemed to be the furthest thing from her mind. Last night he had tried to make love to her and got the same, what he now referred to as her standard response. Oh honey not tonight I'm just beat, catch me tomorrow when I'm more rested she always said.

Tom was tired of jacking off everyday, he wanted to feel his cock buried in a nice warm, wet pussy. Hell he couldn't even remember what the taste of his wife's pussy was like, it had been that long. The band was playing another slow song and Tom took Stacie's hand and led her to the dance floor. He hadn't intended on doing that, it just happened. He admitted to himself that he wanted to hold her in his arms again, it had felt good to have a nice warm body moving against his to the slow beatings of the music. He took a deep breath of her fragrance, whatever her perfume was it was made for her, she smelled yummy. Oh shit he thought to himself, I've got to get myself under control here. 

Stacie moved closer in his arms, he could feel her chest pressing deeply in his. Shit his cock was hard and trobbing in his jeans begging to get out. Not once in all his years of marriage had Tom ever considered or thought about cheating on his wife and he was proud of that. Now here he stood with a stranger in his arms, who smelt so damn good and all he could think about was how much he would love to have his face buried in her pussy right now. Something else struck him as strange as well. Stacie was not a woman who he would normally give a second glance to. Nothing other than her beautiful eyes would have caught his attention, well maybe her tits. She had the biggest set of boobs he had ever seen on a woman. His wife was damn near flat chested, but Stacie had enough to share with every woman in the bar plus a few more to boot. She was a very plump woman, but Tom was just realizing something else about Stacie, she exuded sex. He was thinking to himself how very unlucky most men who came into contact with her would be not knowing or seeing the sex appeal inside of her. Like him in normal circumstances he would have never given her a second glance. 

Stacie could feel the hardness of his body pressing into her and she smiled to herself that she was getting the effect she had been hoping for from him. She could also feel his cock bulging in his jeans and she knew it would not be long before her night of pleasure was to happen. Most of the people had cleared out of the bar as it was near to closing time. Tom had ended up ordering them one more drink because he just wanted to spend a little more time with her. 

"Tom, I want you to fuck me," she asked him. That shocked the hell out of him, and he realized he was sitting there with his mouth wide open and snapped it shut quickly. He didn't know what to say, he was still in shock over her straightforward request. "Stacie I'm married," was all he could think of to say. "I know that Tom, and so am I but I know we both need some physical company," saying that she reached under the table and placed her hand on the crotch of his jeans. "This tells me your not adverse to the idea yourself Tom,," she told him bluntly. "Stacie, we've had to much to drink, and we are both feeling a little vulnerable right now, we would both regret this if we let it happen," he told her. "I won't regret a few hours of feeling that physical closeness a man and a woman can share with each other. Nor the feeling of warm skin pressed against mine. Nor would I regret the taste of long forgotten passion. And Tom, I would never regret the feeling of you warm, hard and throbbing deep inside of me. I would remember it all and this night with fond and warm memories, but never with regret," she told him bluntly. "It's ok Tom, I understand. Would you at least walk me to my car, I'm parked way out back and there isn't any light out there," she asked him. "Of course I will Stacie, I would have never let you walk out alone anyway," he told her as they both stood up to leave. "Tom can you give me a minute to use the ladies room before we leave," she asked. He nodded his head ok and stood outside the door waiting for her. Shit he wanted her and he was having a damn hard time arguing with his feelings of loyalty to his wife and marriage. He had wanted to kiss her all evening, to feel her tongue mating with his, tongue dancing he had thought. He loved kissing, and his wife had told him that is why she had fallen in love with him, because he made her tremble when he kissed her.

Stacie came out of the bathroom and they headed out the front door to the back lot where Stacie was parked. There was a big red Dodge Ram parked outside the front door and Stacie figured that was Tom's truck. The bartender and waitress were coming out the side door and they got into the only other vehicle in the lot. 

When they got to Stacie's SUV, she turned and put out her hand to Tom. "Thanks for listening to me Tom and for the dances." Tom took her hand and told her it had been his pleasure to meet her and hoped they would run into each other again someday. Stacie leaned up to kiss him on the cheek and before he realized what he was doing Tom turned so her kiss would fall on his lips. Instant electricity for them both, Stacie kissed Tom with slow sensual kisses, her tongue lightly dancing with his, as his stroked her tongue into passion. He pulled her close and deepened the kiss, and his wife thought he was a good kisser, Stacie's kisses were driving him crazy with desire. He couldn't fight this attraction any longer and he broke the kiss to tell her that there was a little motel about 18 miles away and they could go there.

Stacie had pulled his shirt from the waistband of his jeans and had slipped her hand inside his shirt, she was placing little kisses all over his chest, stopping to suck gently at his nipple while her finger teased the other one. He felt her hand as it slid gently down his chest to the button on his jeans. "No, I don't want to wait that long, I can't wait that long Tom, I need you now," she said as she opened his jeans to slip her hand inside. At her first touch Tom trembled, it had been so long since someone had touched him this way. Her hand was warm and soft against the hardness of him. Her fingers slow and gentle as they stroked his cock. Stacie never took her hand from him as she pressed a button on her keyring that opened the back of the SUV up. She urged Tom around in back, she still had her hand wrapped softly around his hard cock. She turned Tom so that he could sit down on the back of the SUV, she grabbed a blanket from the corner and tossed it on the ground in front of her. She never took her eyes from his as she kneeled down between his legs. 

Tom watched as the tip of her tongue slid out of her mouth to gently touch the head of his cock, his cock twitched at that light touch. She ran her tongue slowly all over the head of his cock, pausing once to let the tip of it gently dip into the eye of his cock. Her mouth surrounded the head of his cock and Tom felt instant pleasure at the gentle sucking of her mouth. Stacie was very accomplished at this part of sexual foreplay he thought as he watched her loving his cock with her mouth. There was nothing at all hurried about her, she made slow sensual love to his cock like he had never felt before. She teased, and sucked with such deliberation Tom knew that Stacie was making sure that he was getting all the pleasure she could give him. God, how much he has missed this, Tom knew for the rest of his life he too would remember this night with fond memories. Guilt was still stirring inside but Tom couldn't help himself, he had wanted this badly. If it had been any other woman other than Stacie Tom knew without a doubt he would have never gave in to temptation.

Tom was enjoying Stacie's warm mouth as it moved slowly up and down the length of his hard cock, but he wanted to taste Stacie, he was dying to taste the essence of her, to have her woman juices flowing slowly across his tongue and across his lips. With age, came self control and Tom knew he would make sure Stacie was well taken care of. She showed no signs of letting up on the loving she was lavishing to his cock and Tom so much wanted to bury his face in her juices. He tried to pull Stacie away from his cock but she would not have it, she continued to make slow sweet love to his cock till he could not stand it anymore. Tom pulled her away and up from him as he stood up. He kissed her passionately, letting his hand encompass as much as it could of one of her breasts. He had unbuttoned her blouse and now had her tits free from her bra, they spilled out and into his hand. Now these are tits made for sucking he thought to himself, as he lifted her breast to his mouth. Stacie trembled as he gently sucked on her nipple, her breathing was more labored as well. So this is a pleasure point for her he was thinking as he moved to lavish some attention on her other nipple.

Tom let his hand wander lower, slipping it inside the waistband of her slacks. Two things surprised him and pleased him. Stacie wore no under things, and she was smooth as silk where there should be soft hair. His wife was quite bushy down there and Tom had often wondered what it would be like if she were to shave it. He had asked her a couple of times during their years of marriage if she would and she had refused. She said it was irritating having razor burns and the prickly feelings, knowing this from the times she had given birth to their three children and had been shaved in the hospital. By the time they had resumed their normal relations after the birth of a child the hair had grown back. 

Now more than ever Tom wanted to have his face buried in her wet pussy, and Stacie was very wet as his fingers found as he gently inserted one inside her. Stacie moaned and moved her pussy towards his seeking fingers. Tom didn't want to leave her lucious nipples, he found he was more than enjoying being able to have a nipple he could latch onto and suck away, and knowing that it was not just turning her on but that it was immense pleasure for her as well made him reluctant to stop. 

Tom gently pressed Stacie down onto the floor in the back of her SUV, he pulled her slacks slowly down her legs and removed them. Now it was Tom who knelt down on the blanket as he spread her legs to allow his mouth access to her pussy. She tasted fantastic, he had been so hungry for this that Tom decided he would stay there for as long as she would let him. Stacie had a nice size clit and Tom could suck to his hearts content on it. She was moaning and moving with each lick and suck and that drove Tom on. He knew that he would make Stacie cum shortly, and he had plans on making her cum over and over with his mouth. As he was thinking this Stacie tightened up her legs around his head as she let her woman juices flow into his waiting mouth. Her body spasamed with the pleasure he had given her. Tom didn't stop, her now very erect womanhood was just begging for more of his attention and Tom sucked her clit harder. Stacie moaned in her pleasure as he inserted a finger into her while sucking madly at her clit. Stacie was going crazy with the immense feelings of pleasure he was giving her and the pressure Tom was applying to her swollen and throbbing clit was going to make Stacie cum again. Her body tensed, her hips lifted, her legs became tighter around his head as Tom brought her to another earth shattering climax.
