 We had had a very good night so far. The kids were away at their grandmother's, and we had spent the evening cooking a gourmet meal together. Well, to be fair, she did the cooking and I kept the vodka gimlets flowing, as well as serving as DJ. 

My wife is a terrific cook. She is a very beautiful woman, with blonde hair, and sparkling blue eyes, and I love the way she smiles. She also is sexy as hell, with small, beautiful breasts and a fantastic ass that turns me on even more than it did when we were dating. After 20 years and 3 kids, she was still my fantasy girl. 

We had just gotten the dishes cleaned up, and were finishing up our drinks in the kitchen. I put my arms around her and kissed her. "That was a great dinner," I said. My hands moved down to her ass. "What's for dessert?"

"Meet me upstairs in 10 minutes" she said, kissing me on the cheek. She scampered up the steps toward our bedroom.

A few minutes later, I opened the door to see my wife lying on the bed, wearing nothing but a sexy smile, the room lit by several candles. I quickly shed my clothes and joined her. 

I lay next to her as she rolled over and stretched out on her belly, her dirty blonde hair tumbled around her shoulders. I ran my hands down her back, sliding them along her spine to the swell of her ass. I caressed each cheek, savoring their firm smoothness. I pressed my growing erection against her hip as I moved in closer to kiss her neck. 

"Mmmm..." she moaned softly as my lips brushed the sensitive area behind her ear. 

I knew she loved that. I nibbled her earlobe, and then bit her lightly on the nape of her neck. She let out a barely audible moan as she bent her neck and pulled her hair aside to give me better access. 

My hand continued to stroke and squeeze her ass cheeks as I kissed the silky smooth flesh, adding gentle bites to her neck and shoulder. Then I moved my mouth down her back, kissing and licking my way along until I came to the small of her back and gently nuzzled the fine blonde hairs there with my cheek. Slowly, teasingly, I moved lower to the cleft of her ass and ran my tongue lightly along it. 

"Ooo!" she cried and gave her hips a little shake. I smiled at her reaction, and then bit her gently on the ass, causing her to giggle. 

I crawled over her and she spread her legs apart as I settled myself between them with my face over her luscious rump. I continued to kiss and bite at her ass, eliciting little moans of pleasure from her as I worshipped her gorgeous posterior with my hands and mouth. 

"That feels so nice," She sighed contentedly. 

I moved my face lower, sliding down the division between the two perfect orbs, gently nibbling at the firm flesh, savoring her warmth and getting closer to her pussy. She lifted her hips to give me better access to her neatly trimmed twat. I ran my knuckles lightly over her soft mound, slipping my thumb just slightly between her lips, parting them and feeling the edge of the wetness within as I slid my thumb towards her clit. 

I stroked it gently, causing her to let out a soft whimper, her shoulders coming up off the bed as she hung her head down and moved her hips back, trying to push her pussy against my hand, wanting firmer contact. I smiled to myself as I teased her soft cunt, caressing the velvety lips with my fingers and lightly stroking her swelling clit with my thumb, loving her reaction to my touch. 

I stopped my teasing and slid myself up along her body and lay atop her with my stiff cock nestled between her warm ass cheeks, the base of my shaft pressing against her pussy. 

"Oh, you are so hard..." she moaned and pushed back against me as I gently nibbled at her neck. "Oh, I want that in me." 

"We'll get there." I said, softly biting her earlobe. 

She turned her head toward me and smiled. "I want you to lie back for me, now." She said.

Knowing what she had in mind, I eagerly rolled off and lay beside her. She lay on her side next to me and reaching down, took my swollen shaft in her hand. She kissed me as she gently stroked her nails along the smooth skin, causing me to moan with pleasure, her soft touch making me shiver involuntarily. She smiled at me, knowing that she was in charge now. 

She slid herself down the bed, and holding my cock at the base, she pressed her tongue flat against it and ran it up the length of the shaft. I jumped a bit as her tongue touched the sensitive skin and cried, "Oh! Oh, that's nice." 

She continued to bathe my cock with her tongue, running it along the sides, sliding it around the head, and then down the back, teasing me, knowing how much I wanted her to take me in her mouth. She gave my shaft a squeeze with her hand, bringing a gasp from me as precum oozed from the tip of the engorged head. 

She locked those beautiful blue eyes to mine, and ran her tongue over the sticky drop- pulling it away from the head like a silky thin spider web, then putting it back and licking the head clean, never breaking her smoldering gaze. She was a gorgeous, sexy, dirty woman, my sex fantasy come true. 

"Oh God, that's hot..." I whispered to her. 

She smiled at me, and gave the tip of my cock a playful bite. Then she slowly took the engorged head into her mouth, slipping it past her lips and into her throat, not stopping until she had swallowed my full length. 

She held me there for a moment as I groaned with pleasure, and then she slowly began sliding me out, pausing as she went along. I felt her tongue swirling around my shaft and moaned as she sucked me. She worked her way up my cock this way, pausing to tease me each time until she finally removed the head from her mouth. 

She looked at me and asked huskily, "You like that?" 

"Jesus, yes!" I answered in a tight voice. 

She ran her tongue along my length and said, "Mmmm...I love your cock. I love feeling this hard cock in my mouth." 

She took me in again and began sliding it in and out of her mouth, sucking and licking me, coating the turgid flesh with her saliva. She paused a moment and licked the palm of her hand, then stroked her slick hand over my aching member, getting me to gasp and moan again. 

She began using her hand and mouth together, and the sensation was amazing, so warm, so wet, sliding up and down my shaft, her mouth sucking and tongue swirling, her hand stroking and fingers squeezing my slick, swollen cock, with me not really knowing where her hand ended and mouth began. 

The whole thing was working together in ballet of slippery wet warm pleasure. She took her mouth off of me and gripped my shaft tightly, pulling another deep moan from me. She began stroking the shaft up and down with her strong wet fingers, looking up at me. 

"That feel good, baby?" she asked. 

"Are you getting close?" She added only a moment later in a husky whisper. 

The truth is, I was, but I didn't want to cum. Not yet. I had a lot more planned for us tonight. As much as I hated to, I told her to stop, and then she moved up and lay beside me. 

"Your turn." I said.

She rolled onto her back and pulled her legs up to her chest, exposing her pussy to me. "Ok!" she said playfully. 

I dropped down to the lower part of the bed and pressed my tongue flat up against her pussy and gave it a long slow lick. She let out a low groan in response-"Ohhhhhhhh!" 

I plunged my tongue between the folds of her cunt licking her as deep as I could inside before moving up to her swollen clit. She was moaning over and over as I licked at the hard bud then I suddenly moved lower and ran my tongue around the puckered rosette of her ass. 

"Mmmmm..." she groaned. 

Reaching into the bedside table, I took out a small pinky sized vibrator. I turned it on and slipped it into her pussy and up to her clit as I continued to lick her ass. 

She cried out as the vibe hit the sensitive bud. I stopped licking and watched her respond to the buzzing little toy. I reversed the move, placing my tongue to her clit, and put the vibrator at her asshole.

"Ahhhhh...OHHHHH!" She yelped as I slipped the slim purple toy just a bit into tight little pucker of her ass, continuing to lick at her clit. 

I had to stop, but only for enough time to turn myself around to the 69 position with me on top, the way she likes it. I buried my face against the now saturated folds of her pussy and savored her taste before shifting back slightly to wage yet another assault upon her clit. 

I sucked and flicked at her clit with my tongue I then slid the little vibrator just a bit deeper into her ass. She gasped in response then grasped my cock tightly in her hand, sucking it greedily into her mouth

Her mouth was so hot and wet and her moans were sending vibrations down my shaft as she took my length into her throat. 

"MMFF..." her cries were muffled by my hard cock in her mouth. I didn't want her to stop, but I had another plan. I stopped my oral torture to reach over to our stash of toys in the bedside table and pulled out the rabbit vibrator. 

She moaned around my cock as I slipped the silicon shaft of the toy easily into her soaking wet pussy and after sinking it deep, I turned the power on. 

"UHH...AHHHHHH!" She yelled as the soft rubber ears buzzed against her clit. 

I slipped myself out of her mouth and lay beside her, pressing the length of my hard cock against her hip while slipping my free hand under her leg to hold the smaller vibe in her ass. 

I pushed it in a bit further and she yelped again. She reached down, pushing my other hand away to grasp the rabbit buzzing in her pussy, shoving it deeper inside her, the ears harder against her clit. She was lost in the intensity of the vibrations on her clit and in her ass. 

"Ohhhhhh god! Uhhhhhh...Oh god, Oh godohgodohgod.....FUCK! That feels so fucking gooooood!" she moaned. 

"Oh god, it's almost too much! Ahhhh!" 

She rode the two toys for a while, her hips pumping, her moans getting louder and louder as the pleasure intensified. I could see the climax building in her- her body had tensed into one long tight muscle from her pointed toes to her rock hard nipples. 

"Ohhh," she gasped. "I'm gonna cum!" 

She froze for a moment, teetering on the brink, her mouth open in a soundless cry, and then suddenly arched her back, thrusting her breasts forward and screamed, "OHHHHHHHHHH! OHHHH! AaaaaaaAAAAAAGHH!" as the orgasm hit her.

She rode the waves of pleasure moaning and crying out as each one washed over her. I watched her face as she came, the intense pleasure she was feeling reflected in her features. There is nothing sexier to me than the look on her face while in the throes of an intense orgasm. She slowly came down, her breathing slowing as her body relaxed. I shut the toys off and let her bask in the moment. 

I gently removed both the toys and dropped them beside the bed and moved myself between her legs as she spread them wide for me. 

"Oh please fuck me," she whispered, her eyes shining with lust. 

"I need your cock so badly...please fuck me-AAAAAAH!" She cried out, her pleas cut short as I slid my swollen member into her with one quick, hard thrust. 

She pulled her legs back to her chest, opening herself fully and ordered, "Deeper, baby. I want to feel you deep." 

Her pussy was tight and impossibly smooth and wet, still throbbing from the intensity of her orgasm. It engulfed my aching cock like hot wet velvet. I began fucking her in long, slow strokes and she slid her hands down my back to my ass, grasping handfuls of flesh, pulling me deep into her with each thrust. I could feel her passion rolling off her in a warm wave against me. 

"Ohhhh...Ohhhh...Ohhhh...Ahhh!" she cried out with each stroke. 

"Oh, fuck me from behind," She pleaded. I kissed her, our tongues playing together as I pushed deep into her for one last thrust. 

"Ok, babe, turn over," I said, smiling wickedly at her. I knew how much she liked it that way. 

I pulled out and lifted enough so that she could quickly turn over, sticking her tight round ass in the air. I got on my knees behind her and slid my cock back into her hungry pussy. 

"Mmmm-yesssss" she hissed between her teeth as she felt me penetrate her, pushing back against me. 

I looked down at her, drinking in the sight of her with my eyes. She lay with her head turned to the side and her shoulders flat on the bed, her tousled blonde mane framing her beautiful profile; her back arched up to the twin globes of her gorgeous ass snuggled tight against me. I stroked my hand along her back, sliding it up, reveling in the feel of the muscles along her spine, up to the small of her back and the cleft of her ass. I loved how she looked in this position. God, she was sexy. 

"I am an incredibly lucky man," I thought. 

Grasping her hipbones and using them as handles, began giving her what she wanted, fucking her hard at a steady pace. 

She was moaning and crying out as I fucked her, saying over and over, "Oh god, fuck me...fuck me...harder! Fuck my pussy, baby...oh, I love your cock, it feels so fucking gooooood...Oh!" 

She pushed her ass back to meet my every thrust as our thighs slapped against each other. She was so fucking hot. 

"Oh, yes! She cried. "I love your balls slapping my clit...yes! Oh yes, fuck me!" 

I put my left hand on the cleft of her ass and slid my thumb down to her asshole as she pumped her hips against me.

I desperately wanted to fuck her ass. It had been a fantasy of mine forever, but she had been completely against it for a long time. But over the last year or so she had started to enjoy my tongue or her little vibrator in that area if her mood was right. We had tried anal now and again with very little success. She said I was too big, and I didn't want to hurt her. We even had a little joke about our "quarterly attempts" at it. But tonight she was so worked up, and she really had enjoyed the vibrator in her ass just a moment ago, so I thought tonight might be the night.

I stroked her little rosebud with my thumb, still slick from my tongues earlier attention. 

I slowed my thrusting a bit and whispered, "I want your ass..." 

I could feel her hesitate a moment and then she said, "Ok...we can try..." 

I withdrew from her pussy and quickly delved into the drawer one more time to retrieve a bottle of lube. Not wanting to give her the chance to change her mind I hurriedly applied a generous amount to her ass, and then a coating to my shaft as well. I put the head of my cock against the ring of tight muscle and gave a small push. 

"Ok," I said. "Let's just go slow...relax." 

She whimpered as I slowly pushed my cock into her. I felt and saw the head get past the gloriously tight entrance and she stopped me.

"Wait...wait." She gasped. I held still. 

"You ok? You want me to stop? I asked. 

"No, no." She said... "Just...wait." she relaxed a bit, trying to get used to the sensation. 

"Ok," she said. "Try some more"

I pushed again; feeling a little bit more of my length slip in her. God, it felt incredible, so tight and hot around the end of my cock. I desperately wanted to push my full length into her and feel that tight ass surround me, but I didn't want to hurt her. 

"Ohhhh!" she cried out. 

"Does that hurt?" I asked, concerned. 

"Yes- a little, but it feels good too, I...I don't know..." she said. 

I held still for a bit until I felt her start to relax once more. Then I began to move my hips, easing a short amount more of my cock in her. 

"Yeah..." she breathed, "Oh, yes... that's better...that does feel good. Oh, go slow... Ohhh, yesss."

"Does my cock feel good in your ass?" I asked. 

"Yes," she whispered hoarsely, "Yes it does." 

I continued this for a while, cautiously moving my hips, watching her to be sure she was ok. My heart was pounding in my chest from the excitement. I was afraid that she would tell me to stop at any moment. 

She was breathing heavily, crying out softly when she suddenly surprised me by moaning, "Ohhh...Fuck me- fuck my ass..." 

I moved back and forth a bit more, not sure if I was actually sliding in or out, but not really caring as it felt so good. 

"Yess," She said. "Oh that feels good, do it to me, fuck my ass..." 

I couldn't believe it. I had wanted this for so long and finally my gorgeous wife was on her knees, moaning and begging me to fuck her ass. She was my fantasy come true. I didn't care that I wasn't fully in her, the feeling was amazing and the fact that she was begging me to do it just intensified things. 

I kept slowly pumping her, losing myself in the sensation of her tight ass clamped around my cock, listening to her moans of pleasure... 

I didn't want to stop, but all good things must end.

"Oh, I think I'm done." she suddenly said. 

"Yeah?" I asked. 

"Oh yeah," was her definite reply. I slipped my cock out of her and she gasped with relief and a little chuckle as she dropped flat on the bed. 

"Be right back!" I said and quickly ran into the bathroom where I grabbed a washcloth and soap and quickly washed off my cock. 

I hurried back into the bedroom to find my wife on her back, idly stroking her pussy with one hand. She was so beautiful, the light from the candle playing over her naked body. She slid her other hand along her belly to her small, firm breast, caressing the bottom of it and then gently pinching the nipple. She knew how hot that made me. She gave me a lazy smile, her blue eyes shining. I lay at her side and took the nipple she was playing with in my mouth, gently sucking and nibbling at it the way she liked. 

"Mmm..." she sighed contentedly. 

I gave it one last lick and moved down with my head near her thighs and asked, "Did you like getting fucked like that? Did you like my cock in your ass?" as I grinned at her. 

"Yes," she said. "I really did. But now I really need you to fuck my pussy." 

She spread her legs for me and I put my face between her thighs and once again began licking her dripping wet cunt. 

"Ahhhh!" she moaned as I lapped at her clit. 

I took a glass dildo that we had been saving for just the right occasion from the bedside and slipped it into her pussy. 

"OH!" She yelped. "Oh, that's cold! OH! Oh but it's nice...oooh Ohhhhh! Yes!" She groaned as I began fucking her with the hard glass cock. I flicked my tongue over her swollen clit as I pumped it in and out of her faster and faster. 

"Yes, oh yes, fuck me- that feels so good! Fuck meee..." she demanded. 

She suddenly gasped, "No...No more-I want your cock," she pleaded, "please give me your cock." 

I slid the dildo out and got between her legs, slipping my cock into her once again, pulling a long, low groan out of her as I entered her. I fucked her slowly, sliding easily in and out of her wet pussy. 

She held my face in her hands, and looked at me with those beautiful blue eyes and whispered, "Yes, that feels so good." 

She closed her eyes and put her head back on the pillow, enjoying the feel of my cock pumping her. I loved watching her as I stroked my hard cock in and out of her, seeing the pleasure I was giving her reflected in her face. 

She opened her eyes and said, "Do you want me on top for a while?" I smiled and pulled out, lying on my back.

She climbed on top of me and slid my cock slowly into her, slipping down a little at a time taking my shaft in bit by bit, teasing me. She finally settled her hips down on to me with a little wriggle. I looked up at my wife, my gaze held on her lovely face, with her blue eyes and perky button nose, and my hands reached up to cup the swell of her small perfectly shaped breasts, the nipples swollen and hard. 

I slid them down over her stomach, caressing her sensuously rounded little belly, to her sweet neatly trimmed pussy. I moved my hands to her thighs feeling their strength beneath her silky skin. She leaned back with her hands on my thighs pushing her hips forward and began to ride my cock, sliding herself up and down. Each time she slid her pussy up my shaft, she gave my cock a squeeze at the top with her inner muscles, making me gasp with pleasure. 
