 By the way, I forgot to mention in the first chapter that this is the back story to Derek Small, one of the protagonists in my story "Betrayal". Sorry about that!

When I walked into the kitchen the next morning, it was as if nothing had happened the night before.

Laurel was seated at the table with a cup of coffee, a piece of toast and the Sunday Times. She barely glanced up at me as I walked in, and I have to say that I felt somewhat hurt, certainly confused, and maybe a little angry, too.

Grabbing a mug, I filled it with coffee and sat down opposite her. After a full five minutes, I got up to fix some cereal and a banana.

"Could you get me a banana, too, Derek?" Laurel asked from behind the paper.

I put it in front of her and got down to business with my breakfast. Pulling over the sports section, I opened it and tried to interest myself in the scores of the previous day's football games. A thousand things were going through my head that prevented anything from sinking in.

Was Laurel trying to show me who was boss? That I really meant nothing to her? That I was just a little "diversion" in her busy life?

By the time she put the paper down ten long minutes later, and looked across the table at me, I was thoroughly miserable.

"How are you feeling right now, Derek?" she asked, her tone neutral. "Speak honestly."

I took a deep breath. All right. She'd asked for it. "Honestly? A little bit used. Didn't last night mean anything to you?"

"Of course it did. But that was last night."

Her words were like a slap to my face, a very hard one. I flushed hard, but mostly due to anger. How dare she?

Laurel's expression didn't change. "Angry? Hurt?"

"You could say that."

"So you think I just used you for my own ends last night."

"That pretty obvious by the way you're treating me now."

"So it is. I want you to sear into your brain what you're feeling at this moment. I want this memory to be fresh for you twenty years from now."

I slouched back into my chair. "I think I'll be able to remember it, Laurel, dear," I answered, wondering whether I'd be able to get back into my old dorm room again.

"Derek! Look at me! And concentrate. Remember this moment in all its detail."

Her words again had the same impact as a hard slap. What the fuck was going on? I don't think I'd ever felt so low, so miniscule. How could she do this? How could she be so cruel?

We stayed like that for a good minute. I was trying hard not to start crying.

"Derek, please stand up."

For some reason, I did that without even thinking. Laurel also rose and came to me, wrapping her arms around me, and resting her head on my chest as she had the evening before. I didn't respond. Fuck her.

"Derek, honey, I'm not that cruel. It was easy to see how much my words and actions just hurt you. I did it for a reason, though, and I asked you to concentrate so you'd remember this lesson." She stepped back and looked at me. "I want you to remember just how awful this feels so you never do the same thing to someone. Just reverse the situation here today: you've seduced a girl or woman, made her think you cared for her at least superficially, and once you've taken your satisfaction on her, you just cast her aside. We females are most vulnerable just after we've been bedded the first time. Does he still respect me? Did I measure up? Does he even still like me?" Laurel's expression softened. "Now you know just how awful it feels when someone tramples on that. Never do it to a lover. Never! Will you promise me that?" 

I took a deep breath before answering. "I promise."

"Good. Now kiss me, dear boy."

I bent my head to her, and after what we'd done the previous evening, you'll laugh to know that it was the first time we'd really kissed. Like everything else with this remarkable woman, it was a revelation, tender, warm, very passionate and erotically overwhelming. One part of my brain was trying to analyze just what she was doing to achieve this and copy it, giving as good as I was getting, but the more animal part of my brain was quickly responding. Talk about going from an extreme low to a rushing high at breakneck speed. All my previous anger just drained away.

The timeless moment ended when Laurel pulled back. Her expression was curiously mocking. "Oh you'll do very well -- and you're a quick learner. That was most satisfactory." She went back to her seat after pouring a bit more coffee for both of us. "What do you have on today?"

My heart rate kicked up a notch as I thought she might be ready to have some more fun. "I have a paper to finish for tomorrow and some studying for a quiz, a bit of reading for two classes. Not all that much. What did you have in mind?"

"I have some papers to grade and that will take most of the morning. Later this afternoon, I should go out to see my ponies at the stable." She paused for a long moment. "But in between, I thought we might continue your special lessons. Today I thought that we'd work on oral sex."

As she was speaking, she'd been peeling the banana in front of her. I watched as she held it at the bottom, opened her mouth and slipped the entire thing in, slowly and sensually, until only the bottom inch was visible. Seeing that eight inches of fruit disappear into her mouth nearly made my hair stand on end. It did make something else stand up. Her eyes were focused on me the entire time. Slowly, she withdrew it. Biting the end off, she passed the banana across the table as she rose to her feet.

"Now you make sure that homework is all done when I call you."

-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-

"Gently hold me open with the fingers of your left hand," Laurel told me as I knelt between her thighs. "But don't open it too much -- not yet, at least."

Shortly before 1:00 that Sunday, she had called to me from the bottom of the stairs. I hadn't finished all my reading yet, but the rest of my homework was completed. The way it sounded, she could have been calling me down for lunch. Actually, I was sort of hungry. I was about to get a meal of a different kind.

Laurel took my hand and led me into the living room. The front drapes were drawn, but in the window facing the backyard, you could see the wind whipping the snow here and there as it fell. A nice fire was burning and in front of it, she'd put a large rug made of stitched-together lambskins.

She still had on her jeans and a sweater, but her feet were bare. As she bent over to stir the fire and place on another log, I noticed with some satisfaction that these jeans were much more snug than what she usually wore and showed off her marvelous heart-shaped ass perfectly. I was also certain she was aware of what she was showing me.

Turning she smiled. "Now, undress me slowly and as sensuously as you can. Make me ache for you desperately."

"You mean you don't already?"

She made a mock-disgusted expression. "Pretend you are seducing me for the first time."

I had no idea what she expected, not having much experience at this sort of thing. It seemed to me that the operative word here was "slowly", and last night she told me to watch how she responded, so I went about the job just that way.

Moving behind her, I gripped her upper arms, almost pinning them at her sides. Bending down, I gently kissed the side of her long neck since her hair was currently up. She immediately tilted her head to give me more access. The next several minutes I spent with my lips busy on both sides of her neck, then I began to also stroke her arms, and discovered by observation that the fronts of her elbows seemed to be an erogenous zone. Using just my fingertips, I lightly caressed those two areas and was rewarded by a low moan and her leaning back against me. The feel of her butt pushing against my already-hardening cock made me more excited, but I forced myself to keep it slow.

"I want to play with your breasts, darling Laurel," I breathed into her ear, as I transferred my hands to her shoulders. "Will you let me do that?"

"Oh yes," she sighed, either playing her part consummately or really getting into it.

I pulled her arms up for her and she stood there while I achingly slowly inched the bulky sweater up her arms, making sure that the cable stitching on the front dragged over her nipples firmly. Laurel quivered as the last of the sweater made up and over them. As her neck appeared again, I rained kisses down on it while she began to hump her ass against me. Once free of her body, I tossed the sweater across the room.

Laurel sighed as I began caressing her shoulders again, but now my objective was lower and far more enticing. Sliding my hands down to the inside of her elbows again, I warmed them up a bit more, then slid my hands over until they were on her torso just below her breasts.

My only real experience with breasts and nipples was with Mrs Jenson who only wanted me to reach around her back as I was fucking her from behind and then pull her nipples hard as she came for the third time. Somehow I didn't think Laurel would appreciate that treatment at the moment.

I began to rub her tummy lightly with the backs of my fingertips, going up the sides of her torso and back across the upper part of her chest, all the while completely avoiding her breasts. While doing this, I was again kissing her neck and shoulders. Eventually and probably too soon, curiosity got the better of me and I lightly floated the palms of my hands across her breasts. Despite the warmth of the room, her nipples were hard little pebbles and she quivered again as I lightly brushed them.

Coming to rest in my cupped palms, her mounds made nice handfuls, not too big and not too small. They were surprisingly firm. Keeping my palms where they were, I caressed her nipples using my thumbs and forefingers, squeezing and pinching them lightly.

Laurel sighed. "That feels so very good, Derek. Mmmm..." She pressed her delicious ass into me, rotating it a bit. "Just keep doing that. Twist them a little, too. Oh yes..."

I began to use sort of a milking motion squeezing and twisting them more and more and letting her responses guide me. She turned her head. "Kiss me, Derek, kiss me hard."

I did and while it was a bit awkward in that position, it was very satisfactory. Our tongues met, lips sucked on lips and things got pretty feverish in short order. Laurel was panting a bit now, grinding her ass into me and if felt as if my cock was going to burst.

Suddenly, she took a deep breath and then let it out in a low moan as her body shook against me. "Ahhhhhhhhh..."

I held her up with one of my hands flat against her stomach as her orgasm began to taper off. After maybe 30 seconds, she chuckled.

"I didn't expect that to happen!"

"Was that a good orgasm?"

"Oh yes, dear boy."

"So I done good?"

Her left hand snaked between us and found my erection, not that that was very difficult.

"Yes, Derek, honey, more than good. I have cum before having my nipples played with, but I hadn't planned on you doing that to me today." She put her head back against my chest. "You're full of surprises."

I slid my hands down to her waistband. "I've never really undressed a woman before," I told her as I unsnapped them.

She kissed my cheek. "Well, you've made a hell of a great start. Just keep doing what seems to be coming so naturally to you."

Her zipper slid down next and I slid my right hand in. She didn't have any panties on and her pussy was very wet. As I slid my middle finger down her slit, it bumped into the hardness of her clit. Obviously, she was still very turned on. I began to rub.

"Oh no you don't!" she laughed as she straightened up and stepped away from me. "You're not getting me under your power that easily."

"That's not what you want?"

"I have other diversions in mind. Now help me get these jeans off."

As I knelt in front of her, she shimmied while I pulled. My head was quite near the junction of her legs. The scent of her excitement made my head swim: dark, musky and spicy all at once. I'd never smelled anything as intoxicating.

She kicked away her jeans gracefully and stood in front of me unabashedly naked. "Are you ready to learn how to eat a woman properly? How to make her come back for more from your tongue and fingers?"

"Certainly," I answered, beginning to loosen my belt buckle, "but don't you want me to take my clothes off first?"

"No. There's something decidedly wicked for a woman to be the only naked person in the room."

Laurel moved over to one of the overstuffed armchairs that sat at right angles at either end of the sofa. She sat down, slouched back and threw one leg over each arm in a decidedly unladylike position.

I stared at her pussy for a good minute. Like the previous evening it had turned red and looked swollen. Her inner lips were protruding and slightly open, glistening in the firelight. At the top of her slit, I could easily see the hood covering her clit, which I already knew was nicely hard and ready.

"How do I look?" she asked coquettishly.

"Can't you tell by my pants?"

My cock was uncomfortably confined in my jeans, but if she wanted me to remain clothed, I figured I could put up with it awhile.

"Come over here and kneel on the floor." That's when she told me how to hold her open.

Figuring that licking her clit was much the same as rubbing it, I began to try to do that.

"No, no. Make your tongue flat and soft. Do it lightly and slowly at the beginning, and don't forget to lick down lower, too. It feels very nice for a woman if her lover licks the opening to her vagina. Stick your tongue inside, as well, from time to time. There. That's it. Mmmm, that feels very nice. Now move up again to my clit, but only tease it. Make me long to have you to lick it harder. Make me ask for it. Make me beg. Take me to the brink and then don't let me cum."

I stopped licking and looked up. "How will I know when you're going to cum?"

"My hips will start moving. I might moan more and the flow from my pussy will increase."

"Will you flush like you did last night?"

"Oh you noticed that, did you? Yes, I will. I do that when I'm really turned on," she answered as I went back to work, then groaned, "like now."

I discovered that day the joy of making a woman cum with my mouth. The taste, the aroma, the way she wiggled and squirmed, all of that had me very, very turned on, to the point where I had to do something about freeing my cock because the pain was distracting me. So while I continued to assault Laurel with my tongue, I surreptitiously opened my jeans and let the monster out.

By watching for signs, it was easy to spot when she was going to blow. The easiest tell was the way she pursed her lips as she got close. She was also tweaking her own nipples now, and as she approached the point of no return, she'd tweak and twist them more frantically. I decided to keep that information to myself. A guy has to have some mystique to his loving, doesn't he?

Four times I brought Laurel to the brink. She told me to make her beg, and I was going to do that. Besides, when I laid off her clit, their were lots of other fun things to do. Since her juices were really dripping, I got to lick them up.

"Derek, it would feel very nice if you'd suck on my clitoris a little. She really likes that."

I stopped again. "No. Then you'll cum."

"Derek, please!"

I planned to make her wait a bit longer, but she'd given me a very good idea.

As an experiment, I stuck the middle finger of my left hand inside her. She went nuts. Figuring two might feel even better, I tried that, and almost lost her. I had to stop licking her for a moment.

Laurel was writhing as if in pain and literally gasping for air as I pistoned my two slick fingers in and out of her, using her legs to push up against my entry, as if fucking my hand. I was in search of something I'd only heard about.

"Derek! Do you...feel that hard bump...just behind my pubic bone? Oh Lordy what you're doing to me... That's...that's my G-spot. Keep rubbing it just like you're doing. Sweet Jesus! Suck on my clit now, Derek, suck on it now!"

I removed my fingers.

Her body immediately sagged. "Goddammit, Derek, bring me off. Now! You're torturing me!"

"Beg for it."

Laurel's eyes flew open and her smile was rueful. "I'm begging, Derek. Please make me cum, please."

That was good enough for me. I went back to work, first with my tongue, but avoiding her clit, in order to bring her back up. Then I slid my fingers inside her again. The flow of her juices was amazing. My sweet Laurel was incredibly turned on.

There was a hard little area up there, so I began focusing my fingers' attention on what I assumed was her G-spot. Her hips began immediately gyrating again as she humped on my hand. I waited until she was literally gasping, then I moved my mouth up to her clit.

It felt almost like a little penis against my lips. It was certainly as hard as an erection, so I did what came naturally and gently sucked it into my mouth. Laurel nearly levitated off the chair as her orgasm overwhelmed her body. All of a sudden liquid was gushing from her, soaking my hand, my shirt, the chair, the floor. There must have been a cup of the stuff.

After about 30 seconds, it began to subside. My lover was like a wet noodle as she lay there having occasional little aftershocks. Her eyes were closed and a crooked little smile made her face a delight. I'd satisfied this wonderful woman yet again and that made me swell with pride.

Something else was swollen, too, and ready, so I rose on my knees and as I leaned forward to kiss her and my erection poked her between the legs, Laurel's eyes flew open.

"This was supposed to be about oral sex today. I wasn't going to let you fuck me. But after what you just did, I can't say no. Take your pleasure on me, you darling boy."

And I did just that. I guess because of her orgasm, her pussy seemed tighter than the previous evening, so I had trouble getting my cock in. Soon, though, I'd accomplished that, and even with my heightened arousal, I managed to bring her to an orgasm before I came myself. Laurel was beside herself again, literally pulling me into her, urging me on. Any semblance of teaching me anything was scattered to the wind. This was just animal fucking, two people taking their pleasure on each other.

Afterwards, I stayed in her while I softened a bit. We kissed tenderly and I decided that day, I loved kissing her long neck as much as her full, soft lips. Taking a quick break, I went to fetch some towels from the kitchen to clean up the mess we'd made.

Returning to the living room, she was still laying there, her legs spread obscenely wide with my cum slowly oozing from her pussy. I began to get hard again. Doing a quick cleanup which Laurel did nothing to aid, I continued to get hard, until once again, I was fully erect.

I made a decision and lifted her up, then laid her on the lambskins in front of the fire. She made a move to wrap them around herself, but I had other ideas. Lying down on her, I began kissing her throat again. I felt a shift in her lower body as her fingers threaded into my hair, pulling my face against her.

"Are you going to take me again?" she whispered into my ear.

"That was the plan."

"You're more masterful than I first expected."

"I'll take that as a compliment."

"It is one. I cannot resist you. You have me in your power. Take me, Derek."

And I did, thoroughly and completely until I had her writhing and gasping once again. This time I lasted long enough to give her two additional orgasms, strong ones that had her calling my name as I called hers when I came. Our bodies moved together smoothly as I thrust into her and she pushed back. I was aware that there were a lot of other positions in which to have sex, but this one seemed the best if you wanted to observe your lover taking her pleasure.
