 Ever just get in the car and start driving, driving without any real need to go someplace? Cynthia loved to drive, and today was no different. She had a couple of extra days off so she packed a few essentials in a bag, jumped in he car and just started driving.

The music was good, as if every song that came through the speakers of her radio were dedicated to her. She sped down the road, not paying much attention to anything. Unfortunately for her, the thing that broke this trance was the sputter of her car as she ran out of gas.

"Shit, what the hell is wrong with me?" By this time it was evening, the sun was starting it's set behind the mountains. She wasn't positive where she was, she hadn't even been sure about where she was going, but here she was.

"I think I just passed an exit..." Cynthia thought. Every exit in New York State had a gas station close off of it. Could this be different? She had no gas can in her car, and didn't want to risk arriving at a station without any means to carry any fuel back. It was bad enough, she thought, to have run out of gas as a woman, let alone have no plan on how to remedy the situation.

Luckily, she never went anywhere these days without a big bottle of water. "I'll just take it with me, drink it as I go, and use that to carry some gas back here" She knew it wasn't the best plan, but perhaps where ever she ended up, the guy would have a sense of humor and admire her for her creative thought.

She had been wearing a cute little skirt, tank and her most fabulous "drivin'" heels, but was thankful she had the smarts to bring along her sneakers. Yeah, they were platform sneakers, but better to walk in then the heels. She changed her shoes, secured the car and off she went.

The area was pretty rural, only a few cars past. And of those, each one honked at her. "Must be the first real woman these parts have seen in a skirt no less" She was careful to hold her hands at her sides as the cars blew by her. Cynthia hated panty lines, and rarely wore any under garments. That is all she needed was to give any of these love starved honking freaks a show.

This walk was taking her much longer than she thought. If only she had given one of those cars a show, maybe they would have at least given her a ride. 

Off in the distance Cynthia heard a car approaching. She heard it long before she saw the head lights. The car drove right by her, no honk. "Must be a chick", she said out loud. As it passed, she decided to lift her skirt, showing the rear view mirror her "rear". She laughed to herself at the pun she had made in her head.

She heard the car's motor was growing fainter in the distance. Then, strangely, it became louder again.

The car pulled up next to her on the other side of the road. "That your vehicle back there?"

"Yeah..." Cynthia answered to man in the driver's seat, still wearing his sunglasses even though the sun was almost completely gone.

"What's wrong with it?"

"I am embarrassed to say, but I ran of out freaking' gas."

The guy laughed out loud. "And what are you planning on doing? You think you are going to be able to fill up that thing with gas?" He was obviously referring to her water bottle.

Cynthia looked down at the bottle, trying to find something cute to say. Nothing came to mind.

"Why not let me help you out. Consider it pay back for the ass you flashed me. Hop in."

Normally she never would have accepted a ride from someone she didn't know, but she was tired of walking, felt stupid, and thought she might not get a better offer. And he was a hottie.

She crossed the road, jumped into his car and was immediately greeted by his scent. It was a great smelling something, cologne, aftershave, whatever. Whatever it was, it made her hot. Almost instantly her nipples got hard and began to show through her shirt.

"Mitch" he said. It took her a moment to understand what he was saying. "Oh, sorry, I'm Cynthia" She felt like such a slut, but she couldn't take her eyes off of him. The way he sat in the driver's seat, the way he gripped the wheel, the way he shifted gears, everything about him oozed sex. She glanced down at his waist, then lower, and began to imagine how large of a cock he was trying to hide behind those jeans.

"Ya like what you see?" Busted! What on earth could she say. Then she thought, what the hell, what have I got to lose. "As a matter of fact, yes, I do." And then she lift up her skirt to reveal her privates. "You like what you see?" Cynthia boldly said.

Mitch swerved a bit on the road as she said this. Before he could answer her, she removed her shirt, exposing her hard pink nipples. He instinctively reached for one, caressed her breast with his surprisingly soft hand.

His hand left her warm body, but only for a moment, in order to down shift and ease his seat back. It was as if they had done this a million times before. Cynthia leaned over and unzipped his pants. "It must be fate" she thought, finding that he also had no underwear on. His zipper was barely down when his hard cock pushed it's way out of his jeans. The smell was intoxicating. She grabbed it in her hand and slid her mouth over it, tasting his precum, sucking on it, trying to force more of that wonderful tasting liquid out.

She couldn't remember ever feeling the need to suck dick before, but she really felt in the pit of her stomach that if she didn't blow his man she would be missing out on something terrific. His cock was thick and filled her mouth with ever swollen inch. She took it into her mouth as deep as she could, feeling it press against the back of her throat, trying to force it down. Opening her mouth wider, she attempted to tongue his balls as the head of his rod lubed up her throat with it's oozing juice.

He slowed the car even more, trying to watch the road and watch the action taking place in his lap. He ran his hand along her back and found the zipper on her skirt. He eased down and slid his hand underneath the fabric, grabbing hold of her ass. He found her wet pussy again and played with it as it coated his fingers with slippery liquid.

He rubbed her pussy and then followed the curve of her body to her ass. He toyed with her ass hole, sticking his finger tips in her.

It was like fuel to the fire that was growing inside her. Although she was ultimately happy sucking on his boner, she yearned to feel him deep inside of her. Cynthia sat up, pushed her hair back and wiggled out of her skirt. She dropped the skirt on the floor of the car, kicked off her sneakers and leaned back on the door. 

The sun was almost completely gone, but there wa just enough light for Mitch to watch her show. She put one leg on the dash, the other on his shoulder and ran her fingers around her tits. Her pussy was juicing up, aching for anything to penetrate it. Mitch again down shifted into 2nd gear this time, and removed his sunglasses. His eyes were like icing on the cake that sat before her. He followed the curve of her leg down to her hot snatch. Cynthia watched as they got closer, and then as they disappeared inside her waiting hole.

She was on the edge of paradise. This man's hands were the greatest she had ever felt. It was if they were made to fit inside her and only her pussy. One finger, two fingers...and he used the others to spread open her meaty lips. How did he know what she craved?

Cynthia knew that if she didn't stop him she was going to cum right then so she pushed his hand away. He looked at her and without words told her what to do. She threw on leg over him, practically resting her ass on the steering wheel. He put an arm around her and pulled her close to him. She rested her head on his shoulder, and he on hers. He did need to watch the road after all. 

Somehow she managed to get a hand underneath her and grabbed that monstrously big cock. Not like she really needed to help guide it to her pussy, it was so wet and slippery she could have fucked the stick shift. None the less, she took that piece of meat deep inside her. "Oh sweet Jesus..." he whispered in her ear. 

Cynthia slowly began to move her hips back and forth, feeling his cock push against her insides. Again, she was fearful of cumming before she really had a chance to enjoy him fully, so she stopped and tried to bounce up and down on him, to give him a taste of the pleasure she was getting from rubbing her clit against his body.

She reached underneath the shirt he was still wearing and found a hard nipple and pinched it between her fingers, pulling on it as he moaned. Her mouth found his neck, and she couldn't help herself. That intoxicating scent was strong here, and she wanted to taste his flesh. 

He wrapped his free arm around her waist as she fucked him. He was clearly in control of only one thing, the car. Cynthia was the driving force of the sex he was having. She ground her hips hard on him. Her wetness was dripping down his cock, covering his balls in hot liquid.

The car was full of sounds and noises. Her breathing, the slapping of her ass on his balls, the winding out of the gears, his moaning and occasional outburst. "Ah, you dirty whore, fuck me, fuck me hard." That only prompted her to speed up her rhythm.

His load was building in his balls. She could feel his cock straining as it swelled inside her tight pussy. She gasped was every inch she took in. Knowing he would soon fill her, she began to rub her clit with her hand, making sure she was a close to explosion as he felt. 

He pulled off the road onto the shoulder, then onto the grass. Mitch pulled up the emergency brake and with force grabbed Cynthia's arms, pushed her torso against the steering wheel and began to suck on her tits. In seconds she was crying out that he was going to make her cum. 

Like a cork from a champagne bottle, his cock burst open in her. His hot spunk covered her insides, throbbing with each ejaculation. 

That was all Cynthia need to push her over the edge. She reciprocated with convulsions that seems to milk the cum from his cock. 

After what seemed to be minutes of joint cumming, the blaring of the horn brought them back from ecstasy to the inside of his car.

Cynthia leaned forward and collapsed against him. As their breathing returned to normal, Mitch said, "I just got in the car after work and just started driving, destination unknown, ya know? Ever feel like that?"