 I wrote this story for a special friend, you know who you are. Thank you for the great storyline. I had fun playing with it. 

------------------------------------------------------

I am dressed to please, from head to toe. My auburn hair is flowing loosely to my shoulders, held back from my face by a clip. I wear the slightest bit of makeup, to accentuate my features. Small hoops dangle from my ears. I am wearing a choker around my neck.

My nipples are showing through the fabric of my v-neck top, my breasts strain against the shirt, unhindered by any bra. The color accents my blue eyes, a contrast of blue and purple, shimmering, changing in the light. You can see the curves of my body through the shirt, leading to my waist.

My jeans are snug, the seam rubbing against my clit. The purple g-string beneath them does nothing to protect my sensitive skin from the pants. If you were to stand behind me, you would see the outline of the g-string as it travels down and disappears into my crack. Sandals grace my feet. My toenails are painted to match my fingernails, a deep purple. 

My skin is flushed. I am turned on, excited, wanting to please you.

I enter your office. You are on the phone. You gesture for me to sit down, and wait. You continue with your phone call, but your eyes are devouring me. You didn't know I would be stopping by today. You are pleased.

You finish with your phone call just as your secretary pops her head in, "Sir, I am leaving. I will see you in the morning."

"Ok, goodbye Steph, see you tomorrow."

Your eyes never leave mine, even as you speak to her. I can see the lust, the longing, that I feel mirrored in your eyes. You crook your finger, gesturing for me to come to you. I obey. I slowly stand up, and walk to your side of the desk. I lean against it, legs parted. 

Your hand trails up my leg, to my pussy. You rub your fingers across my pussy, soaking my g-string. I moan, my eyes closed. You push the fabric to the side and slide two fingers in. Your fingers easily slide in, up the your knuckle.

I open my eyes when you pull your fingers out. I watch as you put them in your mouth, licking my juices off of them. I smile. You scoot back from the desk and smile back.

"Strip," you say.

I slowly pull my shirt over my head. My breasts hang free. I slide the skirt down over my hips, down my legs, and step out of it. I leave the g-string alone. You reach over and grasp the strings on my waist, pulling the g-string down and out of your way.

You sit back in your chair, admiring my body. The bulge in your pants grows bigger. I lick my lips. You stand up. 

"Now strip me."

I obey again. I calmly walk to you and unbutton your shirt. It slides from your arms. I unhook your belt and unzip your pants. I get on my knees to remove them from your body. Your boxers are next. I grab them with my teeth, and pull down to your feet. You step out of them. I sit back on my ankles and look up at you.

You hard cock attracts my attention. I subconsciously lick my lips, longing to taste it. You see this and chuckle. My eyes dart to yours. I blush.

"You like what you see?"

"Mmm, yes. May I suck your cock?"

"Be my guest."

You sit back in your chair, and I crawl forward. I grasp your cock in my hand, kissing the head. My tongue makes lazy circles around the head, teasing it. It grazes over the slit. I slide the head of your cock into my mouth, sucking it in. And then I slide it back out. I lick and kiss all the way down your shaft... to your balls.

My tongue glides around your sack. I suck your balls into my mouth, one at a time, sucking them in deep. My hand strokes your cock as my mouth plays with your sack. Slowly, I nibble and kiss my way back to the head. My hand moves to the base of your cock, pulling down. 

I take your cock in my mouth again, sliding it all the way in. Slowly, I slide it back out. All the way out. Back in. And out. Slowly fucking your cock. I gradually pick up speed. In and out. In and out. Faster and faster. Fucking you with my mouth. I can hear you groaning with pleasure. 

Suddenly, I stop. Your cock is all the way in, the head nestled against my throat. I cannot breathe. And yet I hold it in. Totally still. Not moving. I pull back just a little, take a breath, and slide it in again. Holding you there, inside my mouth, down my throat. Your hips moving, trying to get me to fuck you. You want friction, you want movement. But I remain still, holding you. Once again, I take a breath, and once again I hold your cock in my mouth, still. 

I begin to stroke it with my mouth again, moaning. I can feel your cock pulse. I can hear you groaning louder. I slide my mouth over it. My head bobs up and down. I pick up speed. You wrap your fingers in my hair. Your hands guiding me, forcing me to take all of your cock. My mouth begins to pound over your cock. Devouring you. 

You groan. A burst of cum spurts out of your cock and down my throat. You shove it in my mouth as far as it will go, spilling your seed into my belly. I gulp, swallowing every last drop, milking your cock dry. You sit back, panting, physically spent. I slowly remove your cock from my mouth and proceed to lick it clean. Your hand runs across my head, caressing me. You are pleased. 

I sit back on my ankles and smile up at you. "Are you ready? I'm hungry and our reservations are for 6:00."

You smile back, "Yes, let's go."

I quickly get dressed and we leave. I walk away from your office with a smile, "I love having dessert before dinner."