 Doug and Amy exited the hotel elevator arm in arm. Tonight was the final night of their weekend in Savannah. Doug had promised her an exciting weekend away, and he had certainly not disappointed. A wonderful dinner at a Michelin-rated restaurant was followed by dancing and drinks at the local hot spot.

Her feet aching, Amy carried her heels in her hand as Doug passed his keycard over the magnetic door reader. Amy entered the room first.

It was a one-bedroom suite, with a view looking out over the Savannah River and into South Carolina. This past Friday was the first of the month, and the pair made love in front of the window that exploded with light and sound as the city performed their monthly fireworks display.

As soon as she heard the door close, Amy turned and forced Doug back against it. Her lips were on his instantly, and their tongues probed each other's mouths with increasing intensity. Amy started to unbutton his shirt as she pulled it out of his pants. Meanwhile, Doug' hand moved down to Amy's thigh, slowly caressing her leg. His other hand went to the base of her neck, unfastening the hook at the top of her dress with a dexterity that surprised even him. Without missing a beat, he took hold of the zipper and slowly unzipped the dress until it stopped at the small of her back. With a simple shrug of her shoulders the dress fell to the ground. She was wearing a black cupless bra that accentuated her lovely breasts. A matching garter was around her waist, connected to a pair of thigh-high black hose.

Doug eased her back so that he could take in the beautiful sight before him. Amy took a few steps back and flashed a pose.

"Damn, you look beautiful," Doug said.

Amy smiled a devilish grin, and a hint of red appeared on her cheeks.

"Why thank you. You're pretty good looking yourself."

Doug didn't speak again, but he took her by the hand and led her to the large sofa in the living room. He then turned her so that she faced him.

"Finish undressing me."

Amy didn't respond, but got to work unbuttoning the rest of his shirt. She removed it effortlessly, then pulled the white shirt up and off of him. Doug kicked his shoes off into the corner. They bounced off of the wall, and they both let out a laugh.

Amy then turned her attention to his pants. She unfastened his belt and pulled it through the loops of his pants, dropping it to the floor. She was working so hard at the button on his pants that she popped it off. It fell to the floor as she stifled a laugh.

"Oops," she chuckled.

She worked his pants and underwear down to his ankles, and Doug stepped up with each foot to allow her to remove them completely.

Amy turned around and lifted her hair, allowing Doug access to the straps of her bra. He quickly unsnapped them and threw the bra into the open doorway of the bedroom. She turned back around, and they stood facing each other.

Doug reached up and cupped her wonderful breasts in his hands. Amy's eyes closed and she let out a soft sigh as she enjoyed the sensations that his hands caused. He squeezed her breasts softly, then more firmly. He ran his fingers in slow circles around her nipples, and they responded accordingly. Doug bent down slightly and took a nipple in his mouth. He sucked it slowly between his lips, and held it firmly in his mouth while his tongue flicked and darted over and around it. His hand softly pinched the nipple on her other breast, and Amy reached down and took Doug' growing cock in her hand. She felt Doug' breathing quicken as she gripped his shaft and started slowly stroking it. His cock grew quickly then until it was fully hard in her hand. Doug moved his hands down, cupping her ass. He gripped her cheeks tightly as he lifted her up and she crossed her legs around his waist. Amy wrapped her arms around his neck, and he softly lowered her down until she was sitting on the sofa.

She laid back and smiled as Doug began working his kisses from her breasts down to her stomach. He kissed her softly, occasionally giving her a soft nibble. When he brought his lips past her navel and towards her pelvis she began to wriggle in her spot. Doug knew that Amy was particularly ticklish in this area, and it could sometimes be a very fine line between sensual kisses and a fit of ticklish laughter. Doug knew this though, and he made sure that he did not focus on one spot for too long. He continued his kisses down, and softly pressed her legs further open with his hands. Amy drew in her breath in anticipation of feeling Doug' tongue on her clit, but her hopes were dashed when he skipped by her piercing and began slowly kissing and licking the inner crease of her thighs. Amy took his head in her hands and looked down at him. Doug stopped his kisses and looked up, making eye contact with his wife. With a grin he leaned forward and took her piercing between his teeth and gave a soft tug.

Amy purred. "That feels good."

"Yeah?"

"Oh yes."

He took her clit into his mouth and pressed his tongue firmly against it.

Amy tightened the grip she had on his head and let out a low moan.

The two lovers never broke eye contact.

Doug worked his tongue around her clit in small circles, occasionally sucking it deeper into his mouth to lightly bite with his teeth. Amy lifted her legs and rested them softly on his shoulders. Doug wrapped his arms around her legs and pulled himself closer. With each movement of his tongue, Amy could feel her clit swell and her pussy get wetter. She began to grind her hips, and she moved one hand up to caress and pinch her nipples. She gave them a long tug and clenched her teeth at the mixture of pain with pleasure.

"Oh baby, your tongue feels so good! Yes, baby!"

Doug unwrapped his right arm and brought his fingers along Amy's leg, tracing a pattern from her thigh to her ass. He ran his finger in lazy circles around her rectum, then slowly brought it up where he slid it softly into her wet, waiting pussy. Amy responded with a moan and a long sigh of "yes!". She clenched her muscles tightly around his finger, and gripped his head tighter.

Doug' thrusts into her pussy got quicker, and he began to work his tongue on her clit with a vigor that caused her breathing to get faster, and her face to flush.

"Oh, fuck yes, baby. Yes, you're going to make me cum soon!"

Doug deftly slid a second finger into her pussy and slid it in and out to get it nice and wet. Then, without skipping a beat, he removed it as he pulled his fingers out, then dropped it down to slide into her ass with his next thrust. At the sudden intrusion into her ass Amy let out a loud moan and threw her head back. His fingers worked her holes like pistons as his tongue continued to lick and suck on her clit. Her orgasm continued to build until she could hold it in no longer, and she allowed the orgasm to course throughout her body. Her stomach quivered with each continued lick, and Doug could feel her pussy squeeze with each spasm. Amy laid back against the sofa and smiled, reveling in the sensations washing across her body.

Doug released his grip on her legs and sat back, enjoying the view his work afforded him.

After a few moments, Amy sat up abruptly.

"Ok, your turn."

Doug stood up and presented his still hard cock to her. Amy grabbed him by the base and looked at it, then lifted it to lick his balls. She enjoyed them only momentarily before tracing her tongue from the bottom base of his penis to the very tip. She squeezed it lightly following her tongue, and a generous amount of precum was waiting for her to lick off. Amy then put her lips together and allowed his cock to penetrate her mouth. She applied soft suction to it as she took it down, and her fingers massaged the base of his scrotum. After holding him deep in her mouth for a moment, she slowly brought her head back, suck hard until only the tip of his penis was in her mouth. She licked the head up and down, then around. This brought a good response from Doug.

"Oh yeah, baby! Yes!" He moaned as he thrust his cock back deep into her mouth.

Doug worked his cock into her mouth as she sucked it for a moment until she suddenly took him out of her mouth and stood up. Without a word she went into the bedroom, rifled through a drawer, then trotted back out. She went back to the spot she was sitting in. She opened the cap to the lubricant they had brought, and she applied a liberal amount to her right middle finger. She then took him in her hand again and guided his cock into her mouth. Now she sucked it with more force and speed. As she was, she brought her right hand under his balls, and slowly began to press her middle finger into his ass. Doug moaned loudly at this feeling of her finger. She continued to suck him as her finger slid in and out of his ass. Occasionally she would suck him deep into her mouth, then work her finger in deep to massage his prostate. She knew she could only do this a couple times or their night would be ending quicker than she wished.

"Oh fuck, Amy. I want to fuck you now!"

Amy didn't say a word, but continued to fuck his ass with her finger while she sucked him. Amy looked up at him, and she enjoyed the look of hunger that was building on his face.

After what seemed like an hour, but was actually only five minutes, Doug could take no more and he reached down to pull her finger out of his ass. At the same time, he took his cock out of her mouth and put his hands under her arms, lifting her up.

As soon as she was standing he turned her around and pushed her upper body over the sofa. He took hold of her hips with his hands and guided his cock to her waiting pussy. There was no hesitation, no slow penetration. Doug wanted to be inside her.

Now.

The head of his cock slid inside of her wet, warm pussy and she let out a loud moan as he stretched her open. He slid in fully and with purpose, and he did not stop until he could go no further. He then began a slow, steady fucking of her pussy. He would slide out until he was almost completely out of her, then rock back in, slamming his hips against hers.

Through her reflection in the window, Doug could see that Amy was enjoying what he was doing thoroughly. Amy's moans grew louder with each thrust, and his grip never wavered on her hips. Doug could feel the cum building inside of him, and he told Amy that he was close.

Amy moved her body forward, sliding his cock out of her wet pussy, then she turned and took his cock back into her mouth. Now she sucked his cock with a frenzy that told Doug exactly what she wanted. She took his balls in her hand feeling them tense up, and her moans matched his when she felt the head of his cock sudden swell in size. Doug put his hands on the back of Amy's head and thrust in one last, commanding time before he exploded deep inside her. Amy's eyes grew wide as blast after blast of his hot cum shot into her mouth, hitting the back of her throat. She swallowed as fast as she could, taking every drop. The feeling of his balls quivering in her hand almost brought her to another orgasm.

Once his orgasm subsided, Amy kept his cock in her mouth, sucking and licking on it until it was once again soft. She stood up and wrapped her arms around her lover, and gave him a soft, slow, sensual kiss. Doug knew that this kiss meant that he had completely satisfied his lovely wife, and he wrapped his arms around her waist, drawing her in closer.

Breaking off their kiss, the two worn out lovers walked hand in hand into the bedroom. Pulling the sheets down, they crawled onto the bed and drifted off to sleep in each other's arms.

The last thought Amy had as she drifted off to sleep was how thrilled Doug was going to be in the morning when he woke up with his cock in her mouth again.