 ----------------------
Friday 2:55 PM 
----------------------

"Anyone call while I was gone?" I asked Elizabeth as I walked into the office, heading in back to grab the camera where I left it on my desk.  "Nope."  She replied.

I picked up the camera and remembered that today was pay day, and I owed Elizabeth her paycheck for the week.  I sat down and wrote out a check, and walked back to the front of the office.

"I almost forgot, here's your pay for this week."  I handed her the check and she looked at it.

"Don't you think I deserve a little something extra?"  She asked, looking up at me.  She had that horny sparkle in her eyes as she usually does.

"Yeah, I think you do."  I said as I took her hand and lifted my secretary up to her feet.  I pulled her close to me, squeezing her ass firmly in both hands and giving her a deep kiss.  She kissed me back just as passionately, her tongue slipping into my mouth and swirling around.

Elizabeth was unbuttoning the front of my shirt as I squeezed and kneaded her tight little ass.  I pushed my hips up against hers, grinding my stiff cock up against her hips through our clothing.

She opened my shirt and I helped her slide it off, next I helped her remove her shirt.  I grabbed the front of her blouse and ripped the front of it open.  Her large tits wobbled a little inside her bra as I stripped her top off and pushed her back up against her desk.  Elizabeth sat up on the edge of the desk as I removed her bra and cupped her bare tits in my hands.  I squeezed and rubbed them gently, rubbing my thumbs over her little nipples.

My cock was throbbing inside my pants as I buried my head into Elizabeth's tits.  I squeezed them together around my face as I licked and sucked at every inch of her soft titflesh.  I moved over to the left a little to suck one of her nipples into my mouth.  They were small and easy to suck the entire thing into my mouth. Bite size, I call them.  I bit down gently on her nipple, rolling it between my teeth a little while my tongue flicked over the top.

Elizabeth was now unbuttoning my pants and pulling the zipper down, trying to pull my pants down my hips.  I wiggled my hips slightly to help her pull my pants down, while I switched to her other nipple.  She purred softly as I sealed my lips around her right nipple, sucking it completely into my mouth, nursing on her big tits like a baby.

My cock was now free from my pants, and I slid Elizabeth's skirt up her hips and grabbed ahold of the waistband of her panties, pulling them down her thighs and then off completely.  I wasted no time in pushing my hips forward, nuzzling my cock inside her juicy cunt.  She moaned loudly as I impaled my rock hard shaft inside her.

"Oh yeah, you like getting fucked by your boss, don't you Lizzy."  I grunted as I worked my dick in and out of that delicious fuckhole.

"MMmm, Detective Dick, you feel so good inside me!  Fuck me with your huge cock!"

I did as she asked, continuing to piston my cock in and out of her young, tight cunt.  Her pussy squeezed around my dick tighter than any woman I had ever felt.  My balls slapped up against her ass as I rammed against her.

Elizabeth wrapped her arms around my shoulders, hugging her body up close to mine.  Her fleshy globes squeezed up against my chest tightly.  As I slammed and fucked her cunt, she was grinding her hips against mine, maximizing the penetration, and causing my dick to shift around inside her slightly.

I growled as I fucked her like an animal, my cock was throbbing and aching with lust as I drilled her so hard.  She loved every minute of it too by the sounds of her squeals and the way she gyrated her body against mine.

"Ohhhh fuck, I'm gonna cuuummmmm!"  I screamed as my balls started to boil.

I buried my cock deep inside Elizabeth's hungry fuckhole as I erupted.  The spasming of my cock must have sent her into an orgasm too, as I shot my seed into the depths of her cunt. Elizabeth squealed so loudly that they could probably hear us across the street.  I emptied my balls into her, flooding her with my hot fuckjuice.  Finally when I was done cumming, I pulled my shaft out of her cunt reluctantly, and milked the last few drops of jizz onto her outer pussy lips.

I let Elizabeth have the rest of the day off, and I went home early too, planning to spy on Mrs. Bateman again tomorrow.

----------------------
Saturday 10:00 AM 
----------------------

I sat in my volkswagen across the street from the Bateman's house again.  Looking over the notes in my lap, I expected Mrs. Bateman to be leaving soon to go to the gym downtown.  I recalled Mr. Bateman saying that she always spent an exceptionally long amount of time there, so I figured this would be a good place to catch her in the act.  I had my camera with me this time.

Sure enough, Mrs. Bateman emerged from her house just after ten o'clock.  She was dressed in workout clothes today:  A pair of very short Adidas jogging shorts and a tight sports-bra which fit snugly around her well-endowed pair of fuckjugs.  She got into her BMW and pulled out onto the street.  I started my car and began following her.

----------------------
Saturday 10:17 AM 
----------------------

A little to my surprise, she did end up going to the gym as planned.  She parked her car out in front and I watched her go in.  I pulled around back to see if there was a way to sneak in.  I waited around until someone came out the back door, and I slipped inside.

Once inside the health club, I snooped around to try to locate where Mrs. Bateman had gone.  I checked the aerobics, the weight rooms, and the locker rooms but she was nowhere to be found.  There were only two places left where she could be -- the steam room and saunas.

I went into the locker room, grabbed a couple towels and undressed.  I wrapped one of the towels around my waist, and the other one I used to hide my camera.  Then I headed into the stream room, which was connected to the locker room.

I slipped in silently, making sure not to make any noise.  At first I thought the place was empty.  The room was extremely hot, and the thick steam inside the room made it so that you couldn't see from one side to the other.  I needed to make sure though, so I walked further inside.  Sure enough as I walked toward the far end of the room, I began to make out three people sitting against the bench along the wall.  I stopped as soon as I saw them, hoping they hadn't seen me also.  But by the sound of things, they weren't paying much attention.

Mrs. Bateman was sitting between two men, and the three of them already had their towels off.  I sat down against the side wall and watched, hoping that they wouldn't notice me.  What I soon began to realize was that they probably didn't care if they were seen.

Mrs. Bateman was between the two studs, whose cocks were fully hard and sticking straight up.  She had one hand wrapped around each cock, and she stroked them both up and down at the same time.  Mrs. Bateman's body was absolutely gorgeous.  It had only been a day, but I had already forgotten what a sex goddess she was.  Her huge breasts were as firm and perky as a teenager’s, except five times as large, and her big nipples were stiff and begging to be sucked.  She was slim and slender, which contrasted with her voluptuous tits.  Her legs were spread apart some as she sat against the tile bench, and I got a great view at her hairless, swollen pussy.  Her entire body was slick with sweat.

She stood up and stepped in front of the man on her right, bending her knees slightly as she lowered herself onto him.  The man guided his cock into her slick cunt as she settled down onto his lap.  They both moaned softly, and the second man rose and stood in front of Mrs. Bateman.  His cock was pointing straight toward her face as she leaned over.

The man in front of her held his cock with his hand and guided it up between her two sweaty fuck-jugs.  Mrs. Bateman knew exactly what to do as she squeezed her oversized tits together and began titfucking him.  Behind her, the man with his cock wedged inside her cunt began grinding up against her, sending his cock up, burying it inside her hungry fuckhole.

She purred with pleasure as she got fucked from behind, and tried to focus on rubbing her tits up and down the other man's pole.  The man in front of her thrusted his hips back and forth, sending his cock through her slick hooters with ease.  Behind her, the first man squeezed her ass tightly as he bucked up against her, his shaft hammering in and out of her sloppy cunt, making slurping noises throughout the whole room.

I couldn't help myself from getting a raging hard-on also.  God I wished I was one of those men, getting to fuck Mrs. Bateman's brains out.  I pulled the bottom of my towel up so that my stiff pole stood up and I could stroke it while I watched Mrs. Bateman get sandwiched.

The man in front of her pulled his cock out from between her tits and pulled her head down onto his cock roughly.  She opened her mouth and took him inside as he held her hair and pushed her head down, forcing his cock into her throat.

The man behind Mrs. Bateman was ravaging her cunt roughly, bouncing her up and down like a ragdoll as he fucked her.  She bobbed her head up and down on the man's cock in front of her, using her lips like a pussy for him to fuck, and taking him all the way into her mouth as she deep-throated his fuckpole.  Her tits wobbled and swayed back and forth.

Suddenly the man groaned and I grabbed my camera.  As the noise of groaning filled the room, I was able to snap pictures without them hearing.

The man fucking Mrs. Bateman's cunt pulled his cock out of her and started squirting his jizz all over her ass and lower back.  He continued to erupt with cum, sending shot after shot of his slimy goo all over her backside until it dripped down the crack of her ass.

Soon after, the man in front of her started to cum too.  The first shot of cum went straight down her throat, then he pulled back, filling her mouth with ball-juice.  A few drops of semen dripped down Mrs. Bateman's chin, and she licked her lips clean.  That slut loved the taste!

The three of them got cleaned up and put their towels back on and left the room.  I was left alone with my raging hard-on.  I stuffed my camera back inside the other towel and sighed, not wanting to walk around outside with a boner under my towel.  I leaned my head back against the wall and closed my eyes.  I stroked my hand up and down my shaft as I thought about what I had just seen.  Mrs. Bateman was such a fuck doll; I was definitely going to make extra copies of these pictures.  I started to add up in my head how many men she must fuck on a daily basis, and started to calculate how many per week.

Suddenly I heard a woman's voice in front of me.  "Need any help with that?"  She asked.  The voice startled me and I opened my eyes to see a gorgeous vixen standing right in front of me.  She was an asian girl, probably in her early twenties, wearing just a white towel, which just barely reached down far enough to cover her cunt, and caused her ample tits to bulge out at the top.  When did she get in here?

I felt extremely embarrassed sitting there with my towel off and my hand wrapped around my huge hard-on.  But that embarrassment quickly faded as she let her towel fall to the floor and knelt down on it between my legs.  Her olive skin was perfectly smooth, and her breasts were round and full, a little more than a handful.  She had a small bush of black hair above her cunt, but the lips were shaved.

"Sure… Take my fat cock in your mouth and suck it until I cum." I told her, still not really believing what was happening.

She obeyed me immediately, leaning forward and taking my dick between her lips.  She sealed her lips around my cock tightly like a rubber band, and started sucking me hungrily.  She slurped and let some of her spit drool down my shaft as she nursed it.  Oh God it was heaven having my cock inside this horny slut's mouth, and I didn't even know who she was!  I started moving my hips up and down, thrusting my cock and out of her mouth a little while she also sucked and licked her tongue over every inch of my aching rod.

She cupped my balls in one of her hands while the other one squeezed the base of my pole tightly.  She would squeeze me hard and then relax, over and over, all the meanwhile sucking the life out of my dick.

I wished I could have held out a little longer, but I was already so fucking horny from watching Mrs. Bateman get tag-teamed.  I pulled my cock out of the girl's mouth and aimed it at her face as I started to cum.

I sprayed her face like a hose as my dick spasmed, sending a huge load of baby batter across her cheeks, chin and lips.  I emptied every last drop of jizz onto the girl's face, and when I was done, I wiped my cock across her chest, smearing a couple last drops of goo onto her body.

What kind of health club was this??  I still didn't even know this girl's name or where she was.  And then it suddenly hit me, I didn't know where Mrs. Bateman was!  I quickly snatched up my towel and grabbed my camera and headed out the door, yelling a "Thanks" behind me to the anonymous girl who I just drenched in sperm.

[Continued]