 Tarah was restless. Her body was not cooperating with her desire for sleep. As she tossed and turned, she murmured, "No not Jake." Her mind was taking her on an excursion into her past. A trek she didn't want to travel yet she couldn't resist going. It was a bittersweet place because there were so many good memories overshadowed by an extremely bad one. And it was a time that she had lost control.

Tarah continued to struggle with her inner demons for another hour before getting up. When she finally sat up in frustration she asked herself, "What the hell is wrong with me." Why am I so edgy? Is something going to happen tonight?" The thought sent uneasiness down to her foundation. 

Tarah got ready despite the feeling weighing on her mind. She looked in the mirror and her green eyes sparkled as a smile lit up her face. Tarah was proud of the body that reflected back at her. The many hours spent at the gym paid off. She had well sculpted arms, a flat belly, and her auburn hair complimented her 5'2 inch frame. Tarah's 38c breasts looked quite tasty in the black tank top she decided to wear, and she turned to admire her shapely bottom. Tarah was ready to prowl.

Satisfied with her appearance, Tarah grabbed her keys and headed out to meet her two best friends Natalie and Torrie. "Another Saturday night drinking and hunting in Rhode Island," thought Tarah and for some reason that didn't seem so appealing. However when she met up with her friends, Torrie suggested they'd go on a road trip. Tarah was a little apprehensive but despite her reservations, Natalie and Torrie convinced her to take a risk. 

The three friends got onto the highway and started their journey. They decided to point their headlights towards New York City. The ride seemed endless, so Natalie pulled off the highway. While looking at the map, Torrie discovered they had taken a wrong exit and ended up in Yonkers, New York instead the Big Apple. 

The trio decided to make the best out of the situation, so they set out in search of a local hangout. They arrived at a place called "Destiny Awaits, and Natalie and Torrie rushed out of the car. They turned back to see Tarah looking up at the sign and yelled, "Let's go. No reading tonight." A shiver trickled down her spine and Tarah thought, "Something is definitely going to happen tonight. Then Tarah joined her two friends and headed toward the door.

You could hear the DJ scratching the records as Tarah, Natalie and Torrie entered the club. The music soared through your body waking up every nerve. As they looked around, they couldn't believe the endless quantity of hot bodies entwined in the flashing lights. It was like a smorgasbord of delectable delights of the male variety. And the mood in the club was like reentry into the earth's atmosphere, hot and somewhat uncontrollable.

Within minutes, Natalie and Torrie had found a couple of tantalizing toys to play with and headed to the dance floor. Tarah found herself alone and decided to get a drink at the bar. She ordered her drink and attempted to turn around. With her mind distracted, the guy standing next to her ended up all wet.

Before Tarah could react, this man chastised her. She was flabbergasted. Instead of apologizing Tarah became so exasperated that she yelled. "Bite me, asshole," turned and walked to the other end of the bar. Despite her rage, Tarah felt a tinge of guilt. She didn't want anyone wet and smelly on account of her. So she reached deep within her Red Sox loving sole and bought a NY Yankees t-shirt that was on sale behind the bar.

Then her mind returned to their encounter, and any thoughts of guilt disappeared. Tarah couldn't believe that man, "It was an accident," she muttered to herself. The only thing she wanted to do now was to shove that t-shirt down his throat. It looked as though Tarah may get her chance because when she turned around, he was in her face again. 

He attempted to speak, but Tarah threw the shirt at him and said, "It's true what they say about New Yorkers, they are rude! At least men in Rhode Island are raised to be respectful." She attempted to walk away again, but this time the man stopped her. He apologized for the way he acted and thanked her for the shirt. The stranger asked Tarah for her name, but she wasn't forthcoming with the answer. He said his name was Shane and put his hand out to shake hers. Tarah looked down at his extended appendage with contempt. Nonetheless she decided to be gracious and shake his hand.

The first thing Tarah noticed was the strength of his grip. It made her hand tingle from the point of contact all the way up her arm. Tarah felt the warmth of his skin surge through her body, and she became flustered. Her anger melted away and she started to shake. Tarah quickly pulled her hand away, and prayed Shane hadn't noticed

Tarah was intrigued, but decided to act as though she wasn't interested. She told him her name and walked away. Tarah felt his eyes watching her as she moved further and further away. Tarah decided to turn and look at Shane and at the exact moment he took off his shirt. Tarah nearly walked into a wall. To say his body was well maintained was like saying The Last Supper was just a bunch of guys having dinner. It was like a Greek statue, chiseled and hard. Tarah could not believe that she just walked away from him. "What is wrong with you? How brainless can you be," she asked herself.

Tarah was still reeling from her stupidity when Natalie and Torrie approached her. They introduced her to Derek and Jason. Tarah said hello and, the girls told her that Derek and Jason just invited all of them back to their house for drinks. 

Tarah pulled them aside and asked if that was such a smart idea. Natalie and Torrie assured her that the men were well aware they risked bodily injury if they weren't perfect gentlemen. Tarah turned and told the two men they needed one more moment and pulled her friends a little further away. Then she explained what had just happened to her. Instead of empathy, Tarah was greeted with the same abuse she was giving herself. Maybe I should go back and try to find him," and Tarah tried to turn and walk away. Simultaneously Natalie and Torrie said, "No." We just made plans with Derek, Jason, and their roommate, and you're coming with!" Tarah thought she would never get another shot at Shane anyway and said, "Ok, let's go." 

The three women told Derek and Jason that they'd love to see their home. The two men beamed, and said they needed to find their roommate. They made plans to meet the women outside and then walked away. Tarah still wasn't completely sure this was a good idea but in the spirit of adventure went outside with her friends to wait.

Derek and Jason found Shane in the bathroom. The three men exchanged the details of the night's escapades and had a good laugh at Shane's expense. Shane slapped his buddies on the back and said, "Good luck, because he wasn't going anywhere. But with a little prodding and a lot of blackmail on Derek's part, Shane agreed to go meet the girls.

Tarah was not looking up when the three men approached them. Natalie and Torrie said hello to Jason and Derek as they introduced their roommate Shane. Tarah was afraid to look up. Her body started to tremble and her heart lodged in her throat. "There could be more than one Shane in the same place, right," Tarah thought to herself. She took a profound breath and finally had the courage to look up. Shane was grinning from ear to ear and Tarah could feel her face getting warmer from the embarrassment. Derek and Jason looked confused until Jason explained that Tarah was the woman who spilled the drink on him. Again they laughed at Shane's expense.

Perhaps that would explain the feelings of uneasiness she felt earlier. Maybe she was supposed to meet Shane. Tarah smiled at Shane and him at her. A great calm came over her and for the first time in a very long time, Tarah couldn't wait to find out what was going to happen next.

Tarah Natalie and Torrie followed the three men back to their house. They were very pleased and impressed with what they saw when they arrived. Derek, Jason and Shane were being perfect gentlemen. And after the tour of the house, the six acquaintances gathered in the living room. Jason asked what everyone wanted to drink and Tarah volunteered to help. Following a brief absence, they returned with the drinks.

Six individuals became three couples and they decided to part ways and get to know each other better. Natalie and Derek went to the game room, Jason and Torrie headed for the jacuzzi, and Shane led Tarah towards the deck. Shane was noticeable nervous. He couldn't explain it but he was incredibly drawn to Tarah ever since she put him in his place. Shane knew she wasn't going to be easy to win over either. He enjoyed a challenge, because women usually melted at his feet without much effort on his part.

Shane held Tarah's hand while stepping onto the deck. "This view is amazing, Tarah said while looking out at the New York City skyline. "Yes it is," answered Shane as he looked at Tarah. Tarah blushed because she could feel his stare. She looked over at him and feeling shy, bit her lip. While focusing on Tarah's mouth Shane couldn't help but notice the intense flow of blood that rushed to his groin. Shane shifted his body so Tarah wouldn't notice the knob fighting to escape its confinement. 

Shane asked Tarah if she would like to get more comfortable so they could talk further. With a shaky voice, Tarah said, "Sure." She wasn't so sure she could handle being in such close proximity to Shane. His mere presence was making her blood enflame with such desire. Shane led her to a swing on the other side of the deck. They sat down and continued to get to know each other. 

Tarah and Shane learned a lot about each other. They were completely submerged in their conversation when Tarah said something she thought she was only thinking. "Could you please pinch me? I must be dreaming. You are not only beautiful on the outside but on the inside as well." The color in Tarah's cheek turned a bright crimson as she realized she spoke those words out loud. Tarah felt so self-conscious that she turned away from Shane. He slid closer to her and turned her head back to his. "There is nothing to be embarrassed about when you speak honestly from your heart," Shane stated. Tarah felt her heart lurch forward and she knew it belonged to him. 

She was still in thought when she heard Shane say, "I wanted to do this from the moment you threw the Yankee t-shirt at me" and pulled Tarah into their first kiss. His lips were strong yet tender. Warm yet cooling. Tarah could feel Shane's tongue pressing against her lips asking for entry. An explosion occurred throughout Tarah's body as his tongue began to dance with hers. A mixture of heat and mind boggling pulses took over her body, and she could feel her bodily juices gathering between her thighs. "Don't stop," she thought to herself.

After a few moments, Shane finally pulled away. He was painfully aware of his own predicament and wondered how Tarah was feeling. He looked at her and wondered why she wouldn't open her eyes. Tarah could sense him staring at her and volunteered, " I'm afraid that if I open my eyes you'll be gone. Shane touched her face and said, "I am very real, and I am not going anywhere. Please open your eyes." Tarah slowly opened her eyes and found Shane smiling back at her. "Please just be patient with me Shane. I haven't let anyone in since my fiancée died two years ago. Don't worry Tarah I have all the time in the world. There is no rush," Shane replied. "Your heart will be safe with me. Everyone has been hurt in the past and you often close off part of yourself so you won't get hurt again. I know because it happened to me when I caught my ex Eve in bed with another man. I am willing to take a chance if you are?"

Shane noticed Tarah shiver, and he took her in his arms. The warmth she felt from his embrace let Tarah know that he was being sincere. For some inexplicable reason, Tarah felt safe with him. She realized that she would do anything to be with this man and wanted to know every inch of his body. Wondering how it would feel with his hands ravishing her. Tarah put her past with Jake in the back of her mind and just wanted to feel. 

Tarah broke his hold and walked to the deck railing. Shane came up behind her and put his arms around her. He could feel Tarah trembling and told her it was ok to be unsure. Shane didn't want her to feel as though she was drowning. Those words made Tarah feel more anxious, because it was exactly how she was feeling. Once again her heart began pulsating so loudly she wondered if Shane could hear it. "I'm falling in love with you Shane," is all she could scream in her head. Since speech escaped her, Tarah pulled Shane into another kiss.

Shane instinctively pulled Tarah closer to him. He wanted to enjoy every curve of her body. Tarah felt him pull her nearer, so she pressed harder against him. A maneuver that sent shivers up Shane's spine. He was so turned on by this astonishing women that he had to possess her. "Do you want to continue this upstairs," he whispered in a husky voice, hoping not to scare her. There is so much more I want to know about you. But you look so sweet and innocent that all I can think about is making love to you. I want to know how it feels to explore your body without restraints. Tarah was shocked because she was just thinking the same thing. "I know how you feel Shane because I am desperate to know what it would feel like being naked with your body on top of me as well." They both smiled and knew that they found their life mates. 

Shane could see the sparkle in Tarah's eyes, and pulled her into his arms and surrounded her lips with his. Once again their kiss ignited their passion. Tarah's lips parted inviting Shane's tongue to explore her willing mouth. Their tongues began to dance around each other sending powerful shockwaves to the depths of her soul. Tarah couldn't breathe but it didn't matter because Shane was sustaining her. Her nipples hardened as they pressed against Shane's chest. Shane could feel her projecting tips and reached up to caress one of them. Startled, Tarah let out a soft groan of approval. It was obvious that Shane and Tarah could not deny their primal urges no longer therefore it was time for action. 

With their passion enflamed, their eyes met. It seemed as though hours had passed until Shane finally spoke, " To utter the words I want you would not even come close to what I'm feeling at this moment." Tarah could only smile. Shane needed no further encouragement, and took her hand to lead her upstairs. Shane backed into his bedroom leading Tarah into the middle of his room. He closed and locked the door.

Shane walked up behind Tarah and stopped. She could feel the warmth of his breathe as he whispered, "Are you sure this is what you want? Tarah turned to face him. "I've never wanted anything more. So let's stop wasting time and give each other what we both desire and need." Shane took a step back and smiled at her. "I never realized how aggressive you could be my angelic looking little demon. Why beat around the bush when you know what you want and what I want is you." Tarah stepped forward and pulled Shane's head to hers and began kissing him once again. 

The kiss rocked Shane to his very core and he ended up on his knees in front of her like a slave worshiping his goddess. His cock was rock hard, pushing against his jeans screaming to be let out. The intensity of his hunger rose to the point of no return. His body ached so badly, and he knew that just kissing Tarah would no longer satisfy him. Shane wanted to love her body with his own using every weapon in his arsenal to conquer her. Panting heavy, Shane finally broke from Tarah's forceful embrace. 

Shane stood up taking Tarah in his arms and walked towards his bed. His eyes filled with such tenderness that Tarah could barely say, "Where have you been all my life?" Shane looked at her and replied, "Right here waiting for you to find me. I'm just sorry it took you so long to get here." Tarah pressed her lips gently on his cheek. 

Shane reached the bed and carefully set Tarah on her feet. While cupping her face, he captured her lips yet again. Like so many times since they met, their kiss was the catalyst to their passion. Instantly every organ, nerve, and body part became sensitive to their ensuing need to fulfill their appetite for each other. Tarah's hands began to wander. She moved them slowly searching for the first button of his shirt. As an unseen force guided her, Tarah moved swiftly to separate Shane from his shirt. Tarah's soft touch made his urgency to serve more intense, but he maintained his current course and surveyed her mouth with his tongue. 

Tarah broke from his commanding hold. Determined to revel in the purely masculine shape of Shane's body, Tarah watched intensely as she relieved Shane of the rest of his clothing. She took one step back and noticed how the distinct line of his waist cut to reveal the start of his male endowment. Her need to have him penetrate increased with every image that passed her eyes. 

Tarah reached out and placed her hand on Shane's firm stomach muscles. Shane instinctively gasped and closed his eyes to enjoy the feeling of her touch. Tara looked further south and observed the rock hard rod standing at attention just for her. She couldn't believe the size of it and decided she wanted to taste him. She leaned down and carefully placed her mouth over the head of his penis. Shane's eyes whipped open and he looked down at Tarah. As their eyes met, Shane thought to himself, "Wow, this woman is amazing." He smiled and closed his eyes again to enjoy the pleasure of Tarah's wet lips on his throbbing knob. 

She continued her torture by slowly licking Shane's erection. Up and down she went taking every inch of him in and out of her mouth. As she sucked on the tip of his manhood, Tarah savored every moan that Shane conveyed. She loved the control that she had over him, but with every increased breath sound she heard from Shane, she knew her reign of pleasurable torment would soon be over.

And she was exactly right because seconds later, Shane stood Tarah up and hastily removed her clothing. Shane could not stop looking at her. Her breasts were round and supple, her stomach was lean, her mound was shaved to a perfect vee and her legs were muscular. Shane began to salivate, and he knew he couldn't wait any longer to posses her. 

Shane took Tarah in his arms and laid her on his bed. He began kissing her neck and then slinked downward towards her breasts. Shane took one in his mouth while taking the other in his hand. Tarah gasped as he rolled the nipple within his fingers until it was hard. "Oh my god," escaped her mouth as Shane continued his assault. Tarah could feel her pussy start to drip with each exploit and yearned for his penetration. 

Continuing the torment on her body, Shane moved his hand off her breast and began gently massaging her mound. Tarah moaned as Shane's finger invaded the orifice between her legs and arched her back to take his finger deeper. Shane knew Tarah wanted more so he added another finger. This action sent Tarah into a tale spin of unexplainable pleasure, and she couldn't take it anymore. Tarah forcefully turned Shane on his back. 

It startled Shane at first, but then he relaxed and let Tarah lead the dance for the moment. Tarah took control with aggressive command and impaled herself on Shane's erection. Tarah's warm moist crevice engulfed Shane's hard rod with authority. He closed his eyes and moaned with pleasure as Tarah maneuvered herself on top of him. His body tightened as her wetness dominated him. Tarah could feel the pulse from his organ with every slide of her womanhood. Shane instinctively grabbed her shapely buttocks and raised Tarah up and down. After a few moments, Shane decided to take control once again, and Tarah quickly ended up underneath him. 
