 My hands shook as I stood there staring at the crumpled piece of metal that had, once upon a time, been my car. I had been driving home from my job as a waitress at 2 a.m. on Saturday. Out of nowhere, as I had been entering an intersection, a tractor trailer had failed to stop at his red light and had blind sided me. As a result of being T-boned I had shattered my wrist and had a concussion. I had been knocked unconscious by the collision and was awakened by someone beating on my driver's side window. It was a hysterical person who had witnessed the accident. He tried to pull open my door but it was wedged shut from when my car had hit the light pole. I could hear him talking excitedly to a 911 dispatcher, and then it all went black again. 

The next time I awoke, there was a police officer knocking on my window. I hazily remember him telling me they were going to cut the door off of the hinges to get me out of the car, and then the roar of the machine as it cut through metal. 

The next thing I knew I was free and being whisked away on a stretcher while EMTs poked and prodded at me. I repeatedly fell unconscious on the way to the hospital and once we got there. After three hours of doctors working on me they deemed me ok, except insisted I stay in the hospital so that they could keep an eye on my head where I had knocked it. 

The next morning I was awakened by a knock on my hospital room door, after mumbling that it was ok to come in, two police officers entered the room. One was an older male with a grey mustache a paunch sticking out over his regulation black trousers. The other man, however, was incredibly good looking. Where the older officer was round and jolly looking, this one was well built and very fierce looking. I would guess that he had to be well over 6' and his body, judging by the way his jeans and tight fitting black tee shirt fit, he was very much in shape.

Where the jolly looking officer looked to be friendly and easy-going, the other had what seemed to be a permanent scowl on his face. The older man, Officer Rich introduced himself to me then. He then explained that the man who had T-boned me in the tractor trailer had fled the scene on foot, leaving the scene on foot. He then introduced the other officer to me, Detective Reynolds was his name. Officer Rich then excused himself to go take the doctor's statement on my health conditions after the accident, leaving me alone with Detective Reynolds.

"Ma'am, I'm sorry to hear about your accident, I hope that you are feeling somewhat better today," the detective said in a low, husky voice that made my pulse speed up, which was quite embarrassing since I was still hooked up to that damned heart monitor. I felt my face turn pink as the annoying beep sped up, and I thought I noticed the detective's lips twitch as if he was fighting off a smile. 

"We just wanted to come by and get your statement on exactly what happened last night, so that when we find the man who hit you we will have it." Detective Reynolds walked over to the chair next to bed and folded his long, muscular frame down into it as I told the story of what had happened. 

Just as I was finishing up, Officer Rich entered the room again and said happily that the doctor was signing my release forms at that moment and I would be free to go. I was so excited by that news that I immediately got out of the bed so that I could change into clothes and leave. I may have moved a bit too fast for my head to keep up with because as I got to my feet the room swayed, and I felt a strong hand grip my upper arm. 

"Easy ma'am," murmured Detective Reynolds. "Take it slow, your head still may not be up to fast movements." Embarrassed, I nodded and smiled meekly. The two officers then headed towards my door, stating they would wait outside until I was dressed.

After sliding back into my jeans from the night before, and my camisole, since my work shirt was covered in blood from where my arm had bled. I then slipped on my shoes and opened the door to the hallway. 

Detective Reynolds was leaning on the wall against my door and looked up as I exited. He stood to his full height as I approached him. 

"If you'd like, after you sign out, I can give you a ride to the yard so you can get anything you need out of your car, then I can take you home" he said. I felt relief at not having to call a cab for this reason and thanked him sincerely. He nodded at me and told me he'd meet me in the parking lot at his car, an unmarked maroon one. I hurriedly signed the papers I needed to and went to find the hunky cop.

The sunny day outside hurt my eyes as I stepped into it and I squinted to find the car. A dull throb pulsed in my head from the brightness as I walked up to the car. Detective Reynolds was in the car with AC running and leaned across the seats to open the passenger side door for me. I slid gratefully into the tinted car and leaned my head against the head rest. I sat forward and turned towards the man a bit, 

"Were you on the call last night?" I asked as we headed towards the nearest junk yard. Reynolds nodded his head, 

"Yes I was. Your car is probably totaled, I would guess," he said and slid a glance at me. My stomach sunk, I couldn't afford a new car right now. I sighed and rubbed my temple, then let my hand fall to the console in between Reynolds and myself. My arm brushed against his as I did and I gasped at the shock of awareness that jolted through my body. What was it about this man that set my body in a fit? I wondered. 

As we neared a red light, the detective stopped the car and turned his gaze towards me, and I noticed for the first time what a startling color they were, almost black, they were so dark blue. Gorgeous was the first word to enter my mind, just like the rest of the man.

Reynolds's dark eyebrows drew together in concentration as he stared intently at me. He then, to my surprise, lifted his hand from the console and brushed a strand of my light blonde hair off of my cheek. 

"At least the accident didn't mess up your gorgeous face," he murmured softly and I felt myself go beet red. 

"I... uh... thanks" I stuttered. Then to my astonishment, he flashed a grin at me, and it nearly made my heart stop. It transformed his face from a hard, world weary man, to a carefree boy. I couldn't help but smile back. All too soon we were at the yard and we had walked to my car.

I couldn't help it, tears started to fall from eyes as I thought about how close I had come to not making it out of this wreck alive. My hands were shaking as I felt two strong hand squeeze my shoulders in comfort. 

"Shhh..." the detective murmured in my ear "It's ok, it could have been a whole lot worse" he said, which caused me to cry harder. I then felt him turn me and my face was buried in his chest. I could feel his shirt growing wet from my tears and it took me a minute to get myself together. I noticed that his hands were caressing my back softly and my good hand was clutching his shirt tightly. I took a few deep breaths and released him, taking a step back. 

"I'm sorry," I said softly. "I guess its just the shock of how close I came to, like, dying that just hit me". A shudder rippled through my body. I then proceeded to get my belongings from the car, with the help of the detective. 

We loaded back up into his car and I told him where I lived. He didn't even need directions, as he said he lived not even two blocks from my house. This thrilled me for some reason. Before too long we were pulling up in front of my house and he offered to carry my things in for me. I accepted gratefully and we went up the stairs and into my house. I asked him to just sit the stuff on my couch and he did. He then turned towards me and walked up to me.

"I meant it earlier when I said you are gorgeous," he said in a husky whisper as he caressed my cheek softly. My belly jumped at his touch and I felt my panties grow damp. 

"Detective, I.." but he cut me off before I could finish. 

"Please call me Bryce," he said with a smile and I laughed softly. 

"Bryce, I can't thank you enough for everything you've done... and the compliment" I said as I stood on tiptoes to press a soft kiss to his cheek. He surprised me then by turning his head and kissing me full on the lips. 

His strong arms pulled me against his chest as his tongue swept into my mouth. A soft whimper escaped my lips and I ran my good hand over his chest as his own hands explored my back. I slid my hands down his belly and then under his shirt as our tongues mated together. His skin was hot to the touch and quivered as my fingers lightly played over it. He mimicked my movements and slid his hands under my shirt. 

I felt his fingers moving lightly up and to the underside of my breast where he seemed to hesitate. I moaned softly and broke off the kiss so that I could lift my camisole over my head, leaving me in my black satin bra. 

"Oh, baby," Bryce moaned softly as his hands settled on my ribs. He then ducked his head to lay kisses on the tops of both of my breasts. He used one finger to pull the cup down on one until my nipple was exposed to his hot, wet mouth. His tongue flicked at the tight bud and switched to the under, doing the same thing, until I was shaking beneath his hands. I cried out softly and tunneled my fingers through his hair wanting more of what he was willing to give. 

I reached my own hands down to lift up his shirt, revealing abs and pecs more toned than I had even thought. They were dusted with a slight sprinkling of brown hair and I nearly panted at the sight. I broke away from his touch long enough to trail hot kisses down his abdomen and to wear his jeans started. I then slowly undid the belt at his waist and undid his jeans as well, sliding my hand in them to pull his stiff rod out of his boxer briefs. I salivated at the sight of the steely length of him.

A low growl came through Bryce's throat as I kissed the tip of his cock. I slowly let my tongue trail over the head of him, licking the pre-cum off that had gathered there. My good hand cupped his length and I stroked him up and down a few times before sliding my hot, wet mouth over his length until he touched the back of my throat. 

I forced down the reflex to gag and swallowed until his length was completely engulfed in my mouth and throat, where I started sliding up and down. As I did this, I reached down to cup his heavy sac in my hand and rolled his balls softly around. After just a few minutes of this Bryce pulled me up whispering 

"Baby, if you keep that up I'm gonna be done wayy too soon". I smiled at this and led him towards my bedroom where we both fell to my bed. Bryce's fingers trailed down my stomach and slid into the waistband of my own jeans where his fingers encountered the already soaking wet slit of my sex. Giving head had always been a turn on for me and that proved it. 

A whimper escaped my mouth as two of his long fingers plunged into my depths and began stroking inside of me. Within seconds I felt on the brink of cumming and Bryce didn't disappoint. I immediately tumbled over the edge of sanity and into bliss. I remember screaming Bryce's name as I came and his low chuckle at how easy it was to get me off. After I came back to Earth I then shucked my jeans and underwear as he lost his as well.

Bryce was then on top of me, his shaft nudging at the entrance of my sex, seeking entrance. I opened my legs wide and felt him plunge in. I moan loudly at the same time that he did. He filled me so completely and I was so tight around him I didn't think I could survive it. Bryce began with slow, deep strokes and gradually increased the pace until he was hammering into my pliant body. 

I reached up and nipped his shoulder lightly to stifle my scream of ecstasy. Bryce was planting hot kisses all along my exposed throat column and neck as he hammered into me. I could feel his hot cock throbbing inside of my canal and I felt myself starting to clench around him. I was growing close to my second orgasm when I heard Bryce mumble a question. 

"Is it safe for me to cum in you baby?" he asked and I nodded quickly. That seemed to be what he needed to hear as he plunged rapidly into me four more times and then spilled his hot seed into me. The feeling of him shooting into my pussy was enough to push me over the edge. I screamed as I tumbled over the edge once again. Bryce's body slick with sweat, dropped on top of me and we kissed tenderly as our pulses returned to normal. After a few minutes, Bryce excused himself to my guest bath as I went to the master bath and we both cleaned ourselves up. Just as I was exiting the bathroom I heard him on the phone.

"They found him? Sure we will be there ASAP". He then came into my bedroom. "Get dressed babe, they found the creep who struck you, we are going to go have a word with him" he said as he leaned in and kissed my lips. 

Quickly we donned our clothes and headed out the door. Bryce used his flashing lights to get through the streets quickly, my heart hammering about as fast as he was driving. He reached over and squeezed my clammy hand. 

"Don't worry babe, I'm here with ya, nothing is going to happen except we are going to lock this asshole up". I smiled at this just as we pulled up to the police station. Bryce never let go of my hand as we walked inside, where I expected to see some old, fat truck driver, but instead, to my utter shock, I saw my abusive ex boyfriend, sitting in a chair in handcuffs...