 It seems as though you and I have been in a bit of a dull routine lately. We both work all day, and me being a teacher my work often comes home with me. Long days of dealing with 30 fourth graders leave me drained and sometimes irritable.

One night you comment to me about how we hardly even have time to talk anymore. I agree with you, and apologize for being a bit distant. It's just that I'm so tired, and my job is very demanding at the moment. It's report card time!

You smile, and kiss me lightly, telling me not to worry. You have some ideas for spicing things up between us. I smile, and we go to sleep in each other's arms. I think nothing more of your comments.

The next day is a Friday, the thankful end of a hellacious school week. My class is typically rambunctious, in anticipation of the weekend, but the day passes normally. I'm looking forward to a relaxing weekend, now that my report cards are done.

The 3 pm dismissal bell sends the kids stampeding, and by 3:20 the halls are quiet. I sit at my desk, preparing next week's daybook, organizing papers for grading, and gathering together the report cards to drop off at the office.

At 4:30, just as I'm about ready to call it a day, you appear at the door of my classroom with a basket in hand. I smile. "What a nice surprise," I say.

"I thought you deserved a reward for working so hard lately. I thought we could celebrate the end of report card hell." With that, you put the basket on my desk and close the classroom door. With a gleam in your eye, you lock it as well.

Opening the basket, you pull out a split of champagne, two glasses, and a covered plate. Uncovering it with a flourish, you reveal chocolate-dipped strawberries and you smile when I let out a little squeal of delight. Pouring the champagne, we toast each other, gazing lovingly into each other's eyes. 

Then you pick up a strawberry and slowly bring it to my lips. I take a bite, and you eat the other half. Now it's my turn, so I feed you a strawberry, which you take in one bite, and lick my fingers as well. This small sensual contact, and the look in your eye, make my heart race.

Placing a berry between your teeth, you lean in to kiss me, each of us biting off half so our lips meet. The kiss deepens, our tongues playing, sharing the taste of strawberry and chocolate. Your arms slide around me, pulling me close, and your hands drift down to squeeze my butt.

Pressing against you, I can feel you getting hard already. Breaking contact for a moment, you quickly clear off my desk and lift me onto it. Kissing me again, your hands caress my thighs, pushing my skirt up around my hips. Your lips move down to my neck, and my ears, and you whisper "I need you. I'm going to fuck you so good." This makes my heart skip a beat, and I feel instant moisture between my thighs. I love your demanding, take-control mood, which you can tell by my responsive moan.

You continue nibbling on my neck and earlobes as your hands slide up to caress my breasts, lightly pinching my nipples through my blouse. You quickly unbutton it, practically ripping it off my body, and my bra follows an instant later. Your lips immediately find my bare breast, sucking and licking first one nipple then the other. Making them hard, working them thoroughly as I moan with pleasure. 

My hands roam over your chest, beginning to tug at your shirt, but you push them away and remove it yourself. Now I take my turn, licking and teasing your nipples, making you moan a little. But then you stop me, and you kneel in front of the desk, forcing my knees apart.

I'm wearing sheer lace panties and thigh-high stockings, which you pull down. You begin kissing my inner thighs, licking, nibbling, inching closer to the center, pushing my legs farther apart.

You reach my panties, and pull aside the cloth, letting your fingers rub the lips. You probe deeper into my moist folds, grazing my hard clit, eliciting a gasp from me. Your fingers spread me open, and your mouth closes in. Your tongue runs slowly up and down my hot slit, tasting me. Then you begin to work that pleasure button, licking and sucking, as my hips arch up to meet your mouth. I feel your finger slide into my tight wet hole, probing deeply, stroking the sweet spot inside. Now two fingers, thrusting in and out as you tongue my clit. My first orgasm comes quickly, and as you sense I'm about to cum you bury your face deep, sucking my clit hard as I clamp my legs around your head and explode with a loud moan.

You lap up my juices, telling me how sweet I taste, as you remove my panties altogether. As you stand up, I reach for you, intending to unzip your jeans, which are still on. But you push me away, determined to stay in control, and you drop your pants and briefs to free your rock hard cock. You lean back against the desk and tell me to "Suck this cock NOW." Enjoying your dominance, I drop to my knees and instantly engulf your entire shaft, making you groan with pleasure and a little gasp of surprise. I suck you slowly, fondling your balls, circling the head with my tongue. Your hips move to meet me, fucking my mouth, a little faster now. You hold my head and thrust harder into my mouth. But before you lose control, you pull me to my feet. You sit me back up on the desk, yanking my skirt up around my waist. Spreading my legs wide, your hard cock enters my dripping pussy in one fast hard thrust, both of us moaning with the pleasure of it. For a few minutes you pound me hard, leaning down to suck my nipples, and you also rub my clit with one finger as you fuck me hard and fast. 

I quickly explode in a second orgasm, soaking you with my juices. I can hardly believe you haven't cum yet!! But you have other ideas, as you pull out of my pussy and lean me over a chair. "I'm going to fuck your sweet ass, baby" you tell me, and I moan in anticipation of that gorgeous cock in my tight hole.

You rub my pussy juices all over, lubing me up, slowly sliding one finger, then two, into my ass. Now your cock presses against it, slowly, gently pushing in. That hot rod is so wet from my pussy that it goes in easily. You bury it all the way, groaning and savoring the tightness of it. You begin thrusting in and out slowly, then faster, faster. I can hear you panting, moaning. 

I love the feeling of your cock in my ass. Very soon I feel you tighten up, and with a loud groan you give a final hard shove and explode, filling my ass with your hot cum.

Catching your breath, you wrap your arms around me and kiss the back of my neck. "God, that felt GREAT!" you tell me. "Yes it did!" I say with a smile. "Gives a whole new meaning to being kept after school!"

With a kiss and a hug, we quickly clean up and walk hand in hand out of the building.