 ----------------------
Sunday 9:22 PM
----------------------

I was back in my office, sitting there thinking about all that I had seen this weekend.  The camera was sitting on the edge of my desk, the film roll used up and taken out.  I was alone in the office at this time of night, and I poured myself another gin and tonic while I considered what I was going to tell Mr. Bateman on Monday.

Suddenly there was a knock at the door and I hesitated for a moment, wondering who could possibly be here this late.  I stood up and walked to the door and opened it.  Mrs. Bateman was standing in the doorway, arms crossed under her voluptuous breasts, glaring at me.  She was wearing a button-down blouse and a pair of tight black nylon pants.  I struggled for something to say but nothing came out...

"Who are you?  You've been following me all weekend."  She demanded.

"I'm Detective Henry Dick, P.I.  How did you find me?"

"I see, private investigator, hmm?"  She continued to say as she walked past me, inviting herself into my office.  She walked to my desk, looking at the items on it and then leaned up against it while she turned to look at me again.  "It wasn't hard to find you.  I just followed your car when you left this evening.  My husband hired you, didn't he?"

I was trapped; I didn't know what to say.  "Yes, he did.  And I have enough evidence to justify your extramarital affairs in divorce court."

She sighed heavily and sunk her head down into her hands.  She shook her head slightly then looked up at me again.  "He cheats on me too you know."

I nodded.  "Yes, I know."

"How much is he paying you?  Maybe I can make you an offer to drop the case."  She suggested softly as her hands started to unbutton a few more buttons on her blouse.  She opened her blouse where she had undone it, exposing the deep swell of cleavage, her breasts heaving as she breathed heavily.

"It would have to be a pretty big offer, Mrs. Bateman."  I said, walking closer to her.

"Please, call me Marie."

Now I had her where I wanted her.  "Well, Marie.  You can start by taking off that blouse and bra."

Marie finished unbuttoning her shirt and opened it on front, revealing a very sexy lace push-up bra that held her gigantic orbs up.  My dick was hard instantly as I started thinking about what I was going to do to those gorgeous tits.  She reached behind her and undid her bra, letting the straps slide over her shoulders.  As she let her bra fall away, her massive breasts jiggled slightly.

I stepped closer to her and reached my hands up, cupping her large breasts in my hands and rubbing my thumbs across her nipples until they were completely firm.  I played with her tits for a while, squeezing them and rubbing my hands over them as I pushed them together.  It felt so good to finally touch her after having watched her for so long.

Marie arched her back, pushing her delicious tits into my hands, offering them to me like fruit as she purred slightly.  I leaned down and opened my mouth, taking one of her big nipples between my lips and started nursing it.  I continued squeezing her flesh mountains with both hands as I switched back and forth, sucking each of her nipples hungrily.  Marie reached down between my legs and undid my pants.  She pulled my pants down so that my huge, stiff cock sprang up, happy to be free.  

"Get down on your knees."  I ordered her, and she sunk down to her knees in front of me obediently.  She had her hands cupped underneath her breasts, lifting them up because she knew what I wanted to do.  I moved my hips forward, sliding my cock in between her soft, fleshy mountains.

"Ohhh fuck yes!" I couldn't help but groan as I felt her tits wrapping around my cock.  She knew just what I wanted, she squeezed her tits together tightly, sandwiching my veiny fuckpole between them as I started to thrust back and forth.

"Do you like that, Detective Dick?"  She whispered softly as she started to rub her oversized breasts up and down my prick.

"Damn Mrs. Bateman.. err Marie, you have such an amazing set of hooters.  I could titfuck these all day!"  I replied back.

I pulled my rod back and forth, sliding it in and out of her heavenly fuck-jugs.  She pressed her body up against mine, and I felt her big nipples digging against my inner thighs as I buried my cock all the way into the valley between her tits.  The swollen head of my cock peeked out the top of her breasts, oozing with clear precum.  Marie leaned her head down and took the tip of my cock inside her mouth, sucking me.

I inched my aching cock up and down, keeping the head of it inside Marie's mouth while the rest of my shaft got massaged by her mass of titflesh wrapped around it.  My balls started to boil and I was going to cum.

I pulled back a little and aimed my cock right at her busty tits as I exploded.  My first blast of cum splattered right into her left nipple, coating it in cream.  I aimed the rest of my shots to squirt across the top of her breasts, some of them hitting her neck, and some squirting between her melons.  I must have ejaculated about 10 blasts of hot, slimy jizz all over Marie's chest by the time I finished.

She stood up and leaned back up against my desk.  Her face took on that serious tone again as she looked me in the eyes.  "There now, Detective Dick, now that you're done, can we talk about dropping the case now?"

"Hold on there sweetie, who said I'm done?"  I said as I grabbed her by the waist and turned her around.  I bent Marie forward over my desk and started sliding her pants down her hips.  "You're still up for more?"  She asked, and then said "Ok.."

My cock was still raging hard; I was so hot for this slut.  After watching her fuck and suck just about ever man in the city this week, I was dying to get my own cock inside her.  I yanked her pants down over her ass, slid them down her thighs, and down to her ankles, where she stepped out of them.  Next, I ran my hands over her smooth, tight ass and gripped her panties.  She was wearing a different pair than she was earlier today.  These ones matched her bra, white lace.

I pulled her panties down, bringing my prize into view:  her swollen, hairless honeypot.  My cock was aching for my to shove it home where it belonged, and I wasted no time.  Once her pussy was in view, I jammed my rod up inside her.  Marie let out a groan and she spread her legs apart as she bent over.  Her hands were on top of my desk, with her big cream covered tits hanging down, jigging.

I started pounding my prick in and out of her.  She was so tight!  I couldn't understand how she could be such a filthy slut, and still her pussy was gripping my cock so tight I thought she wanted to strangle me.  Inside her cunt, her body clung to every crevice, bump, and vein on my cock, as if it was meant to be there.  I couldn't believe I was finally getting to fuck her!

"Ohhh!! That’s it, fuck me hard with that big cock, Detective!"  She squealed.

I did as she wished, which I was going to do anyway.  My hands gripped her thin little waist as I pummeled my shaft deep inside her, then pulled out until just my cockhead rested between her lips, then I would thrust in again.  I kept doing this, going faster and faster.

My balls would slap up against her slit each time I would bury my cock into Marie, and she would let out a loud moan.  I was squeezing her ass tightly now, giving her the fucking of a lifetime.

I slammed and fucked her until I felt her pussy quivering around my cock and she let out a loud squeal as she orgasmed.  Her cunt juice was dripping down all over my shaft and down my balls as well.

I kept my cock lodged inside her as my own orgasm hit, and my balls emptied their load up into her cunny.  I didn't cum as much as before, but my dick still squirted several blasts of jizz against her cervix.

When I was all done, I collapsed into my chair with a loud sigh.  Marie snuggled into my lap, her breasts covered in slimey cum, and her pussy oozing with my semen.

"I have an idea."  I said...

----------------------
Epilogue
----------------------

I developed the photos of Mr. Bateman fucking the maid, and gave them to Marie.  She used them in divorce court and was awarded half of Mr. Bateman's estate.  We split the money 50/50.  I was rich, and best of all, I got to fuck Marie any time I wanted.  Life was great.

Case Closed