 The morning sun is streaming in through the white laced curtains with the sounds of birds chirping signalling that its time to get up and begin a new day as a detective to solve cases with a smile on her face knowing she'll be working with Hiroshi (fiance, Boss and fellow team mate).

As usual he's always up before her, showered, freshly brewed coffee sitting on the table within reaching distance from the couch that he's sitting on while waiting for me with a cigar in hand while reading the newspaper with a serious expression.

I walk through the lounge room with my usual lovey-dovey smile at the sight of him while saying good morning to him, with the same reply back flowing from the very same sweet intoxicating lips that i want to devour every morning. 

Pouring the freshly brewed coffee Hiroshi specifically prepared for me, i couldn't help but get lost in my own thoughts about how much it would mean to me to have some hot shower sex in the morning before heading off to work together at least 3 times a week, i haven't confronted him about these arousing feelings i have had towards him for the past month because the thought alone lights a flame to my cheeks and my body aching for his cock plunging inside me vigorously leaving me wet. 

I'm brought back to reality realising that i've unconsciously let out a moan loud enough to be heard from the lounge room. knowing this had me turn around in a panic hoping he didn't hear it, thanks to my unluckiness has it completely obvious from the look on his face that he definitely heard it loud and clear, i stumble upon my words having no idea what to say with a fierce blush on my cheeks all the way up to my ears " S-s-sorry, i-i um, urh" all i can think about now is rushing to the shower while trying to calm the very thoughts that are the blame for my arousal.

Still sitting there looking surprised and flustered while listening to my beloved fiance Elektra, whom is now in the shower, i am excited to call her my wife soon after being engaged for 6 months. My curiosity gets the best of me when i'm trying to come to some kind of conclusion as to what Elektra may have been thinking about, fully aware that something has been troubling her for a while now, all the sighing i hear that escapes her lips, how she would get so easily distracted thinking about something when we're working on a case.

By the time i have my mind made up on getting her to share whats been troubling her for the past month, Elektra is already out of the shower and dressed in her black cargo pants, with her pistol holster strapped to her right thigh, blood red long sleeve crop top with her favourite black belt that has the stunning golden buckle on it, her back revealing half the black tribal sword tattoo going down her nicely muscled tone back with 2 Black tribal Angel wing tattoo starting on each shoulder blade with both of the bottom angel feather tips reaching her hips on each side which leaves the perfect example of the most sexiest tribal back tattoo i've ever seen. 

It must have cost her at least $1,600 to $2,000 to get the tattoo done and with her black wavy hair that sits at her waist makes my heart flutter with butterflies in my stomach every time i gaze at those fine features that make me question why she became a detective when she could have been a full-time model, movie star, recorded artist and a hip hop/salsa dancer.

Noticing my gaze upon her, she turns around obviously flustered over remembering whatever it was she was thinking so deeply about in the kitchen. I break the awkward silence between us "are you ready to go and meet up with the rest of the team?"

She nods, still a little flushed with some excitement showing on her face which i find adorable.

we leave home as i drive us to the Metro PD, only a few blocks away as i'm noticing how she's been glancing towards me like she wants to say something but uncertain whether or not to approach the subject... Traffic lights turn red up ahead so i use that time to look at her and noticed how heated her eyes looked as they held mine which gave me the instant idea of what she wanted and what i secretly wanted from her.

Traffic lights turn green forcing me to break my locked gaze with hers however she keeps her gaze on me as she watches me drive and surprises me by gripping my left thigh with her hand only inches away from my cock, being fully aware where her hand is has put my self control at its limits. I call Hanai (my second in command) to let him know that Elektra and i will be late and that he needs to take charge until we arrive. 

When i hang up the phone she slides her hand to where my cock is giving it a stroke on the outside of my trouser pants. With the both of us desperate, i hit the gas while taking the turn that leads us to a quiet corner of the city where we can be alone, once we've reached the destination, I put the car in park, unbuckle my seat belt, and after i've put the seat back she wastes no time getting on top of me covering my lips with hers aggressively in a deep intoxicating kiss leaving my breath short feeling drunk. 

She unzips my trousers in a concentrating desperate attempt, after she takes off my trousers leaving only my man pants on she looks up again kissing, sucking, biting my neck while repeatedly stroking up and down with a squeeze every stroke making me arch my back. 

I reach my hands out to undo the belt on her pants, the zipper, then sliding down the cargo pants roughly leaving only her sexy looking leopard lace underwear and top. without bothering at removing the top part of our clothes, we ripped each others bottom wear off. I waste no time shoving my cock inside of her.

Moving my hands to her ass cheeks pulling her vagina against my cock more roughly, plunging further into her then i have ever been, as she rides on top of me in the drivers seat, I release my seeds inside of her fully aware that this is when she'll definitely have my child because not only have i plunged the furthest inside of her, we're also not using any protection.

Our breaths ragged, our hearts pounding against our chests, we reach our climax together, taking a few minutes to fix our clothes. 

Hiroshi starts the car and calls Hanai to let him know we're on our way.