 I knew within the first five minutes that Derek Small was a very special young man -- and I'm not talking about sexually.

First of all, it was apparent that he was what you'd call "a good boy" and had obviously been very well brought up. Mike hadn't told him anything about the reality of what went on between me and my boarders, or young men, as I preferred to think of them, but even so, he didn't have a trace of that macho swagger that most well-endowed males seem to possess. He just came across as a serious young man, looking to get out of a noisy, freshman-filled dorm, so that he could get on with his studies. I remember be really struck by that.

What did he look like? Well, to cut to the chase, he was a hotty. Tall, a bit lanky (I got the feeling he'd fill out a bit more as the years went on), he had nice brown eyes, a full mouth, well-tended brown hair and a ready smile, handsome overall in a rough and ready way. He was quite nervous as we talked that afternoon on the patio and basked on a late fall day that felt like a genuine gift. Winter was closing in fast. He told me he'd been brought up on a horse farm and there was a bit of that genuine "farm boy" feel to him. He said "ma'am" more than anyone I'd ever met.

Mike, on the other hand, I was relieved to be shot of him, to tell the truth. Talk about a polar opposite to his replacement. He'd arrived full of swagger. Again not knowing what went on, I got the impression his idea was that he was going to seduce me. Within a day of his moving in, he put some really laughable moves on me.

First, he came out of the bathroom completely naked, towel thrown carelessly over his shoulder, cock partially erect. Obviously, he'd waited to hear me coming up the stairs. When I turned the corner, there he was, completely unabashed.

"Oh, I thought you were downstairs," he said looking me in the eyes. His eyes then travelled down to his cock which was swelling even more, his obvious intent to get me to look at it as well. "I hope you're not offended."

I shrugged, trying hard not to laugh. "No. I've seen the odd penis before. Now if you'll excuse me..."

Walking by him in the hall, he turned and his now-erect cock brushed my hip. I should have given it a good hard slap to teach him some manners.

Once in my room, I allowed myself a good laugh. That little prank meant Mike was going to wait a good bit of time until he got into my pants. A little frustration would be an excellent way to bring his childish behavior to a screeching halt. When we finally played, it would be plainly clear to him that I was the seducer and he was the seducee.

I learned later that Mike's behavior wasn't completely his fault. He'd lost his cherry at a very early tender age to one of his older sister's friends. That had started him on a tear through his neighborhood as the local women found out about the randy young man with the big cock and excellent staying power. It's truly amazing how many housewives will risk their marriages to experience a bit of pleasure from a well-hung man. Mike learned pretty quickly that he had a gold mine between his legs, and all those early lovers facilitated his change in attitude. No wonder he had that swagger. In his mind, little old Doreen Jones-Gonzalez, the middle-aged widow woman was destined to be just another notch on his pistol.

Derek, on the other hand, had none of that. It struck me as rather sad that he viewed the size and girth of his magnificent cock as an impediment to his happiness. How refreshing! This time I would only have to teach him how to use it, not beat the swagger out of him before we could get down to the serious work of making him an excellent and sensitive lover.

That was the only way to describe Derek's manhood: magnificent. I didn't think I'd ever seen a cock that was more perfect. Okay, I'll admit I've always been a size queen. Ramon, to whom I'd surrendered my virginity at the advanced age of 22, had been rather well-hung: 8 inches and pretty fat. He really knew how to wield it, too. 

Sexually, I count my blessings every time I make love that I had such an experienced and wonderful teacher. It was worth the pain of high school and early college, with its cruelty and desperation to someone painfully shy, not particularly good-looking and consequently unpopular. I covered my pain by hiding behind books and my intellect, the one place where I actually had some confidence.

How Ramon had managed to see through all of that to the real me is still a mystery. I remember so well that first kiss from him. Sitting side by side at a table in a seminar room, we were discussing a paper I'd just written. He'd simply stopped my chatter, taken off my glasses and kissed me. It was all rather chaste, but it was the first time I'd ever been kissed romantically.

Something in me ignited and before the end of the night (a long, long night), I was no longer a virgin, I'd experienced multiple orgasms and had a pretty good idea of what sex could really be like.

Derek, on the other hand, had been jumped by a horny housewife, used, then discarded. His story about his fumblings after that made my blood boil. I so wished that I could have been his first. Here was a young man who so richly deserved what Ramon had given me.

I wasted no time in beginning the process of introducing him to what sex could actually be like. I spent the first 10 days or so of his time with me finding out more about him, and letting him settle in nicely. One night, he opened up about how he was shy around girls, didn't have a steady (I already knew that from quizzing Mike) and was generally as inexperienced as I'd already guessed.

Sitting back on the sofa as we talked, I made sure he got a good eyeful (not that I hadn't done a bit of that already in order to prime the pump) as I stretched out on the sofa. I gratifyingly noticed once again the predatory gleam that all males seem to get when ogling a female they find attractive. There was also a bit of a stir in his pants, so I immediately decided that tonight was the night.

It all worked perfectly: him coming out of the bathroom after showering and an invite to spy on me by my bedroom door being left partially open. My newest student took the bait perfectly.

I must admit to being more than a little turned on as I took off my robe while he watched from the hall -- complete with a gratifying little gasp as it slipped from my shoulders -- and I made sure I primed the pump a little more by playing with me breasts and nipples, always a big turn on for me. I could tell from the moisture and the second audible gasp from the hall when I touched myself between the legs that we were both more than ready for a roll in the hay.

It took everything I had to keep from laughing when I called him into my room. Such a poor little puppy dog face! It was clear that he thought I was going to boot him out of the house. Little did he know.

I made sure I gave him a good look at my body as I sat in a rather unladylike pose on the chair I pulled up. I also wanted to make sure that he knew who was boss. The distance his bathrobe was sticking out in front almost had me drooling, though, and when I had him take it off, it took every bit of my will power not to just throw him down on the bed, mount him and fuck myself into oblivion.

Derek's cock was very long (10.75 inches I found out later when I measured it) and nearly as fat as my wrist. Two things past that made it a further stand out (sorry for the pun): its head was huge, almost the size of a tennis ball, and it turned up slightly at the end. I mean, if I had to design the perfect cock for someone of my tastes, this was it. He also had a huge set of balls, so I was going to get generous amounts of semen, something I also love.

Somehow I managed to take it slowly that night. I can't tell you what it felt like to touch such a magnificent cock and to know that I could do whatever I wanted with it. I would be lying if I said that it doesn't give me a sense of power to control these very masculine young men that I take under my wing, and the cock that I was sliding along that first night belonged to someone whom I instinctively knew would make an incredible lover.

Teachers go their whole careers, working with thousands of talented students, and maybe only once or twice if they're extremely lucky do they get a genius. Derek's demeanor and his equipment led me to believe that he could fall into that category sexually.

I hadn't planned on actually letting him penetrate me that first night. Most of that was for him. I wanted to bring him along slowly and carefully, but partly it was for me. I knew what an important part anticipation plays in experiencing really great sex.

In the end, though, I just couldn't resist and I took Derek with his back to my bedroom wall. His hands on my rear end burned as I impaled myself on him again and again, and when his cock swelled and got impossibly hard prior to his orgasm, I nearly swooned.

He left me a complete wreck, lying on my bed that night. I'd told him I wanted to shower with him, but let me tell you, it was hard to get moving. Once in the bathroom, though, my lethargy fell away. This time I did stick to my plan and gave him a hand job. It was good for him, and great for me, since I just love masturbating men. I also wanted to observe just what that massive organ looked like when the crisis arrived.

The dear boy had me so worked up later, that I had to bring myself off twice before I could unwind enough to fall asleep. My biggest dildo hardly satisfied me. Once again, I was sorely tempted and nearly went down the hall to Derek's room. But success in my little "course of study" was completely dependent on keeping control of the situation.

Little did I know how hard that would become over time.

-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-

We were coming along rather nicely when the Christmas break arrived and Derek would be gone for 2 weeks. Normally, that's a nice time for me to decompress from first term, visit with friends, eat more than I should and be able to wander around the house naked without having my young boarders think that I'm gagging for more sex.

Something was different that first year with Derek, though. I constantly had him on my mind. What was he doing? Was he thinking of me at all, or had he met some sweet young thing who had the intelligence to recognize just what a find he was? She'd seduce him, make him hers and I'd get a phone call saying he'd decided to switch schools. For the first time in my life, I lived in fear that one of my boarders would disappear.

I also was climbing the walls in sexual frustration. That final week of the fall term, we had fucked ourselves into oblivion and it surprised me how much I missed Derek's tender touches, his warmth and humor, and of course his magnificent cock.

I found myself masturbating 2 or 3 times a day. I watched some of the old videos of me that Ramon had shot with all combinations of men and women, then I'd think of Derek doing the same things. Out would come one of the dildos. I took myself on the bed with me knees drawn up, plunging those fake cocks in and out of myself almost savagely in my search for satiation from the itch that was consuming me.

One of them had a suction cup, so I stuck that on the tiled wall of my en suite bathroom. Even with a vibrating butt plug buzzing away and that latex monster ravaging my cunt, I still couldn't get what I was aching for.

On Christmas Day, two separate things happened, both rather unexpected. I was in the kitchen eating a solitary breakfast and feeling thoroughly sorry for myself. Later that day, I was to go to dinner at a colleague's house. It would be the usual convivial evening, we'd pop Christmas crackers, read the bad jokes they contained, wear our tissue paper crowns and indulge in way too much food and wine. After dinner there would be some sort of silly game, we'd listen to music and I'd wobble home very late. For some reason I dreaded the whole thing that year.

Then the phone rang.

I have to stop and tell you one of the most amazing things about Derek Small. He quickly requested that we jettison my given name of Doreen for my middle name, Laurel. What he didn't know was that I hated the name Doreen. I always had. When I was in my teens, I'd been convinced it was yet another reason why the cool crowd hadn't liked me. Doreen made me sound like I was 60 years old. No one except my mother and father had named their child Doreen in at least half a century.

Derek melted my heart when he said I seemed more like a Laurel to him. I nearly wept when he'd said that because that had been exactly what Ramon had said the night he'd taken off my glasses and kissed me, and that's what he'd always called me everafter.

So the phone rang on Christmas morning.

"Hello?"

"Laurel. Merry Christmas."

My heart skipped like a lovesick teenager's when I heard Derek's voice. It took me a moment to pull myself together.

"Laurel? Are you there?"

"Yes, Derek. I just had to put something down."

"I didn't want to let the day go by without calling to see how you were."

What I thought in my head was, "I'm so goddamned horny, I'd fuck myself on the stick shift of my car if it would do any good." What I actually said was, "I'm just fine. The holidays are always a good time to catch up on things you've let slide. How are your holidays going?"

"Well, we're having a family gathering this afternoon and an early dinner. Then my cousins and I are going out to a party. Some of the old gang are getting together."

That's not what I wanted to hear. I wanted my boy safe at home with mom and dad, away from all those young, nubile women. Surely they'd pick up the vibe that something was different about Derek. I'd certainly taught him enough that he'd be able to sweep any girl off her feet -- especially if he used his tongue. Derek was already a master cunnilinguist.

Derek's voice drew me out of my dark thoughts. "So what are you doing?"

"Well, I'm having breakfast, then I'm going to work on a paper I'm writing. Later, I'm going to dinner at a colleagues house."

"No relatives?"

"No. We couldn't work out our schedules this year."

"That's too bad. I wish I could be with you. I really miss you, Laurel. A lot."

His voice had dropped very low and I had a wicked, wicked thought.

"Are you alone?"

"No. Mom and Dad are here, but they're going to church in a few minutes. They said I didn't have to go if I didn't want to. That's a first."

"When do they leave?"

"It's got to be in 10 minutes or they'll be late."

"I'll call you back in 15, okay? Give me the number there."

I gave it an extra 5 minutes to be safe and I was up in my bedroom when I called back.

"Hello, Derek," I said and my voice was low and husky.

I could tell he was a bit puzzled. "It's you."

"Yes. Are you alone now?"

"Completely."

"Good. Where are the phones in your house?"

"There's the one I'm on. That's in the kitchen. There's another in the front hall and one in my parents' room."

"Go up to your parents' room."

"Why?"

"Because right now I'm lying on my bed. I'm naked and my legs are wide open. Near my right hand is the largest dildo I own. I bought it yesterday. It's 10 1/2 inches long and nearly 8 inches around."

Boy, did that get his attention. The phone was quiet for a good 20 seconds.

"You're making me get hard," he said when he came on again.

"That's the whole idea, dear boy. Now take your clothes off."

For the next 15 or so seconds I listened to the sound of clothes being rapdily removed, then Derek's voice was back. "Okay, I'm naked. But what I really want is to hold you in my arms and be inside you."

"This will have to do for now. I'd like to be with you, too, to feel your cock burning inside me."

"I just feel a little weird doing this on the phone." Then he started chuckling.

"What's so funny?"

"I was just thinking how much harder this would be if we had to do it by letter."

That's just the sort of thing that made me adore Derek. He could say the most utterly charmingly nonsensical things.

"Are you completely hard, dear?"

"Are you kidding? With that sultry voice of yours and the thought of you lying naked?"

"Sultry is a new word for you."

"I picked up a book for the flight back. It was filled with erotic short stories written by women."

"And did it turn you on?"

"I had no idea women could be so filthy. You're as bad as males."

One of my vibrators was buzzing away merrily as I moved it around my genitals in a random manner, more to keep my edge but not enough to move me any closer to an orgasm. That would come later.

"Mmmm... Women who know what good sex is can have some pretty raunchy thoughts. They're no different from men."

"And you're like that."

"Yes. I'm very guilty of that."

"But women also add a lot of romance to go with those raunchy thoughts."

I thought to myself, He really gets it. 

"Absolutely, and that's something that most men don't understand. First you make a woman feel loved or at least really wanted, then you get her really hot, and if she trusts you, she'll reveal her innermost thoughts -- and a lot of those are quite raunchy."

"What are you thinking right now?"

"My mind is very focused on your beautiful cock. You do have a very exceptional one, you know."

"That's what you're always telling me."

"You have to believe it."

"What do you like best about it?"

I let the vibrator rest on my throbbing clit for a moment. My arousal skyrocketed and I had to stifle a groan. "That's hard to say."

"Is it my length?"

"That's very nice, but you'll probably find that it's a bit long for a lot of women, at least at first, and you're going to have to learn to be very careful about that. But you're also very thick. Most women will love a fat cock of any length over a long skinny cock."

More clit play and I stuck the phone between my shoulder and neck so I could have another hand to play with my nipples. They were nice and hard already. Twisting them felt very good.

Derek broke in on my wandering attention. "What else?"

"Are you playing with that gorgeous cock right now?"

"Yes."

"Don't let yourself cum yet."

"Okay."

"Let's see, I think the glans, the mushroom head of your cock, is the nicest one I've seen, big and fat. I love feeling it slide up and down inside of me, especially when it swells just before you cum. But I think the best thing about your cock is the way it curves up at the end. That feels so good, especially when I'm riding you. God, it makes me hot just thinking about it."

Derek appeared to be getting into the swing of things. "Are you very wet?"

Reaching down I ran a finger between my labia. It was soaking. "Mmmm, yes, very wet." I slid my finger into my mouth and sucked it as if it were a tiny cock.

Talking with Derek had me in such heat, and even though it was a real kick to have phone sex with him, I knew there would be a let-down at the end, no matter how good my orgasms were. I needed to feel his warm body between my legs.

"I've been thinking about your body," Derek said, "a lot. I love everything about it: your beautiful breasts with their long sensitive nipples, the way they sway when you walk and the way your nipples point up slightly -- as if they're inviting me to suck on them.

"I love your smell. It's sort of spicy and sweet. And when you're aroused, that smell and taste are indescribable. I just want to drink you in."

I couldn't wait, so I picked up my new dildo, the one that corresponded to Derek's size, and began playing around my opening, teasing myself as if he were between my legs and not yet ready to penetrate me.

"You have the most beautiful ass, Laurel, its shape, the firmness of it. I love to cup both globes in my hand and pull you against me. I wish I could do that right now."
