 *Author's note: This is a request story from a fan that wanted it up on site as quickly as possible. As such, there may be small typos that my normally strenuous proofreading catches. All names have been changed to protect the bashful. In addition, this is outside my normal wheelhouse of writing, and is pretty much straight M/F, with a married woman. Yes, there is cheating *gasp*. Those that are used to my more intense, drawn out work, this is probably not your cup of tea. As always, if that's the case, no hard feelings, just put down the cup and leave. Enjoy!*

*

Samantha looked down the bed at the man between her legs, body quivering with anticipation. He was staring at her with a gaze that reminded Samantha of a lion looking at a gazelle. Dinner was coming, and she was the only thing on the menu.

"God," she thought to herself, "I'm so glad my husband is away on business."

SEVERAL MONTHS EARLIER:

Things had started innocently enough. Samantha's husband, Alan, had met Jake through mutual friends. Although he was significantly younger (26 to her 36), Jake and Samantha had hit it off immediately, just as Alan and Jake had. He was charming, to be sure, tall and broad, permanent scruff on his well-defined jaw. Samantha found his bold flirtations charming, while Alan pretty much ignored it.

Samantha sighed. Alan had been doing a lot of ignoring lately. Their sex life was uninspired and infrequent, lasting a mere handful of minutes and leaving Samantha unfulfilled. It was driving her crazy. It wasn't like she didn't take care of herself, either. Samantha was lithe and willowy, having neither large breasts nor rear, but instead perfectly proportioned curves for her slender frame. Her legs were long and toned, running up for what seemed like miles, connecting to pleasingly wide hips and a tiny waist. Her hair was kept back in loose waves, gently framing her soulful brown eyes. They lit up when she smiled, which Jake noticed immediately. From then on he took every chance to make her laugh that he could, which turned out to be frequently. Alan went away on business quite often, and Samantha found herself enjoying Jake's company, often chatting about everything and nothing into the small hours of the night, frequently accompanied by wine. One night, however, Samantha opened up to Jake about her sex life, or rather lack of it, and their friendship grew.

"It's been HOW LONG since you orgasmed?" Jake asked, his mouth agape.

"Years, I think. At least when I'm not on my own."

Jake snorted. "Yeah, masturbation doesn't count. So someone isn't following the 2 to 1 rule, huh?"

Samantha looked at him quizzically. "What's that?"

Jake looked at her askance. "Really? The woman gets 2 orgasms to every 1 the guy gets."

It was Sam's turn to be skeptical. "Come on, guys don't do that."

Jake chuckled. "Well, I usually shoot for 4 to 1, but some women aren't multi orgasmic. Gets too sensitive, you know?"

"Haven't you been listening? I really DON'T know," Samantha spat, almost angrily, downing the last of her wine. "I haven't been properly taken care of in years. I need it so badly some days I could just mount the next eligible man that comes across my path!"

Jake's eyes, usually wandering, slid up Samantha's legs and over her toned frame." Careful now, don't tempt me!"

"Oh please, Jake. You could find someone your own age in a heartbeat."

Jake finished his own glass of wine, and looked at Samantha with mischief in his eyes.

"COULD I find someone my own age? Sure, probably. Do I WANT to? Nope." And with that very blunt statement, he looked straight into Sam's eyes, intense blue jewels that bored straight into her body and mind. Aided by the alcohol, Samantha stood and crossed the living room to sit next to Jake, who immediately draped an arm around her shoulder.

"This is a bad idea, Jake."

Jake seemed to ignore her, playing lazily with her collarbone, fingers dancing around Samantha's neck in a way that had her flush with desire. God, he was barely touching her, not even in a sexual way, and she was almost panting with need. Here was a virile, charming, handsome young man that seemed to be very interested in giving her EXACTLY what she wanted. What she craved. Release. It had been so long, and she was so ready, she just needed another push. Just a small one. She knew it and suspected Jake knew it as well. Nevertheless, she spoke again, only half serious this time.

"This is a bad idea."

Jake's hand had begun to massage her neck in small, slow circles. God, his hands were big. His fingers slid up and played small circles behind her ears.

"What's a bad idea? I'm just helping a friend out. Just a massage. Maybe giving you some release."

Jake could feel Samantha shudder at the word 'release', her lithe body tensing slightly. His free hand moved to her thigh, and Samantha did nothing to stop him. Emboldened, Jake's hand began to rub her there as well, stoking the fire inside her even higher. The leggings she was wearing did very little to diminish his strong touch, and Samantha's own hand began slowly creeping to Jake's leg. Surprisingly, he grabbed her wrist and pulled it away.

"No."

Samantha was confused, to say the least. "No? I thought that we were-"

"We are. Or rather, you are. Like I said, Sam, this is a friend helping out a friend. It's not about me. Tonight is about your pleasure and your pleasure only." As he spoke, Jake's lips grew closer to Samantha's neck, and as he stopped speaking, gently nibbled right behind her ear, even as his wandering hand snugly gripped her. There it was. The push. Samantha moaned and melted onto the couch, letting Jake's soft lips traverse her neck and ear, kissing slowly, nibbling a little, but not painfully, by any means. His lips were like electricity on her skin, making her come alive wherever he touched. His firm, strong hands slid under her thin t shirt, trailing fire across her taut stomach as he teased her. Sliding upward, his hand palmed her breast and he squeezed gently before slowly rolling her nipple between his fingers. Samantha arched and moaned, occasionally reaching out for Jake, only to be gently rebuffed. Samantha felt her shirt being pulled up and lifted her arms, eagerly allowing Jake access to more of her. Jake bodily picked her up, carrying her like she was nothing, and walked her straight into the bedroom, tossing her playfully to the bed. Samantha looked down at Jake, heat in his eyes, completely focused on her pleasure, her need.

Jake crawled up the bed slowly, almost catlike in his movement, showing a grace Samantha would never have expected from a man so large. He resumed kissing her neck, then collarbone, hands trailing over her body, randomly teasing or playing with her, eagerly learning what made her quiver and moan. Jake kissed his way to her breasts. Sam had once confided that she felt they were somewhat small, but Jake had playfully told her that "More than a handful's a waste." He took his time now, tongue lashing each nipple to hardness, each kiss of those electric lips drawing a gasp from her lips. Her body felt like a coiled wire, ready to spring at a moment's notice. Sucking firmly at each nipple for a while, Jake could tell that Samantha was ready for more. Still moving slowly, languidly, he kissed his way down her body, taking his time, crisscrossing her stomach with feather light kisses that now almost burned Samantha's skin with their intensity. Reaching the hem of her leggings, Jake took them between his teeth and began to agonizingly pull them down, taking time to rub his nose across the lacy thong she was wearing, driving a gasp from Samantha's mouth and making her back arch. Jake used his hands to pull the flimsy leggings the rest of the way off her body, and took his time teasing her, kissing up her slender, magnificent legs, licking up to her very inner thigh, then biting down gently on her hip.

Samantha couldn't tell if she was in Heaven or in Hell. Her senses were screaming at her, body more alive than it had been in years. She was wet, so wet, almost to the point of insanity. Her eyes rolled with every touch, her body tightened and relaxed with every kiss. Just as she was about to beg Jake to stop the damn foreplay, he did. It was as though he read her mind, one hand firmly cupping her thong clad pussy, heel of his hand grinding slowly against her clit. It was too much. The buildup too intense. An orgasm flashed through Samantha's brain and body, small, but more than she'd had in a long time. A long moan escaped her as Jake continued, unhurried, free hand slipping the tiny thong down her long, shapely legs, then immediately returning to her needy, wet pussy.

He slipped a single finger in, slowly, beckoning, each thrust building her up again, each time the rough pad of his finger caressed her G-spot, even as his thumb stroked her clit with the same, slow motion. Just when she thought she couldn't take anymore, she felt his thumb lift off of her, to be replaced with his tongue. Samantha moaned loudly, hands shooting down to grip Jake's head, fingers running through his feathery soft hair. It was clear that Jake enjoyed what he was doing, his tongue alternating between running up and down her wet lips, up to her clit to suck it into his mouth briefly, then delivering short, sharp laps to her clit. All the while, Jake continued his insistent fingering, adding a second finger but keeping the same beckoning motion going inside her. It was the tongue that tipped Samantha over, the pleasure of her clit and g spot being played with so expertly at once causing her to cry out loudly. Jake had no intention of stopping, however, continuing to utterly devour Sam, varying his strokes, the short laps on her clit turning into long licks that ran the entire length of her. Jake's continued efforts kept Samantha's orgasm going, building in an ecstatic crescendo of pleasure. 

Samantha felt his tongue recede and cried out in dismay. That's when she felt Jake's nimble tongue penetrate her, curling up to stroke her g spot just like his fingers had. Jake gripped Samantha's hips tightly, nose rubbing against her clit as he tried to push as much of his dancing tongue inside her as possible. In no time at all, Samantha felt herself having another orgasm, this one tearing through her body like wildfire, Jake's amazing tongue leaving her screaming his name to the ceiling. Her hands were wrapped tightly in his hair now, hanging on for dear life as the pleasure exploded behind her eyes, the warm, heavy weight low in her abdomen flooding her body with sensations she hadn't felt in far too long. Finally, after a minute, an hour, or maybe a year, Samantha couldn't tell, Jake pulled away, still looking at her with such heat in his eyes.

That's when she looked down, and her soft, chocolate eyes widened. Jake had been hiding a sizeable package under his typical business clothes. He wasn't making porn, to be sure, but he was thick. So very girthy, and plenty long for her liking. He also happened to be rock hard.

Samantha looked at Jake quizzically. "Were you touching yourself while you were down there?"

It was Jake's turn to blush. "No, actually. I really, REALLY enjoy making women orgasm. It gets me hard almost all the time."

Samantha couldn't help but look down again. His length was fairly average, a respectable 7 inches or so, by her guess, but that girth...even after the wonderful prep work he had done, it looked like a tight fit. She knew she wanted to find out if she was right.

Taking control, Samantha took hold of Jake by his girthy dick and gently tugged him towards the bed. This time he didn't stop her, eyes glazed with lust as he looked at the long, lean form of the beautiful woman on the bed. Then Samantha pushed him own and climbed on top of him, kissing the side of his neck hungrily, her still-wet pussy gliding along the length of him, coating him in her juices. Jake was already panting, his hands going to her hips. To his surprise, Samantha swatted them away before placing them firmly by the headboard.

"Here's the deal, Jake" she whispered in his ear before biting it, "You're going to keep your hands on that headboard, and if they leave it, even for a second, I'm going to stop until they're back. I want to thank you for what you just did for me so for now, I'm in charge." As she spoke, Samantha was grinding against him, and as if to punctuate her words, slid herself onto him. Samantha and Jake gasped at once, for entirely different reasons. Samantha moaned as the remarkably girthy dick filled her, stretching her pleasantly as she slowly lowered herself onto him. Jake's exclamation came from the vicelike grip Sam had on his dick, so warm, hot even, so wet and ready. It was his cock was sliding into a tight, velvet glove.

Once Samantha had adjusted, she really went to work. Her hips swayed like a dancer's, mesmerizing in their movement as she rode Jake with all the passion and unbridled lust of the night spilling over. Each gyration brought a moan from Jake, and twice he tried to grab her hips. True to her word, the second he attempted this, Samantha stopped moving completely, reminding Jake that he was utterly not in control. She looked at him, eyes half lidded with lust, but shining with pleasure and need nonetheless. She worked her hips expertly, rolling them over and over, swaying, bouncing, giving Jake the best ride of his life. He wanted so badly to touch her, to knead that firm ass, to hold her hips and guide her movements, but he caught himself. This was about Samantha, not him. She was completely in control, and from the way she bounced, shimmied, and rode him, she loved it as much as he had loved going own on her. Samantha's gyration become more frantic, less precise, and as she started to lean forward and grind her clit against him, Jake knew she was coming close. Samantha came spectacularly, the view from Jake's perspective amazing as she joyously threw her head back, her entire body rolling in a long, wave-like motion as she came. 

She rode him gently for a few minutes more, prolonging her pleasure, before looking down at him with a smile. She realized however, that Jake hadn't finished yet. She was about to ask why when he took one hand, placed in on her back, and skillfully flipped them so he was on top of her. She let out a small squeak, and suddenly she was empty as Jake withdrew. Before she could protest, he flipped her over so she was facedown, legs on the floor. It was only a moment more before he entered her again, that full, delicious feeling washing over her again. Jake had no doubt this was going to be it. She was too hot, too sensual, too orgasmic for him to continue much longer. He gripped her hips tightly and thrust forward, slowly, but firmly. Jake knew he wouldn't last much longer, and wanted Samantha to have one more spectacular orgasm. He thrust again, starting to pick up the pace; hand occasionally leaving Samantha's hip to deliver a playful swat on her toned, sculpted rear. 

Sam jumped at first, but realized it hadn't hurt, not really, and in fact made her own body push back against him faster. Jake drove harder now, his thrusts strong, dominant, unyielding. This was the exact opposite of Samantha being in control, and in this position, she loved it. Jake's strength, his need, all pouring into her as she was filled again and again, each thrust grinding her clit against the sheets. There was something building quickly inside her, something so powerful that Samantha couldn't wait for it to arrive. Fortunately, it was mere moments before the bomb went off behind her eyes and she erupted into the most powerful orgasm of her life, almost painful in its intensity, as Jake tried to drive further, he found he couldn't. Samantha was clamping down so tightly around him he couldn't thrust anymore, and it was too much for him. Jake came, hard, jets of white hot cum shooting inside of Samantha, the feeling so strong it triggered a small aftershock orgasm as she was filled even more than before. It was exhilarating, breathtaking, and intense. The lovers separated, gasping for breath, small spasms wracking both of their bodies as they came down for the final time that night. Once she caught her breath, Samantha rolled onto her side, giving Jake that wonderful view once again, and simply said "Thank you."

Jake blushed, and then smirked, looking her dead in the eyes before he spoke.

"Hey, what are friends for?"

THE END