 Eve sat down in her favorite comfy arm chair with her laptop to check her email, brushing her dark curls from her eyes as she focused her attention on the screen. She quickly sifted through the spam and flagged the emails she needed to respond to, then cleared her inbox. As she was closing the lid to her laptop, the chime that let her know she'd received a new message sounded and she decided to give it a look before hitting the sack. 

She recognized the sender as the automatically generated response form that generally contained a reader comment on one of her stories. She loved getting feedback from readers, so she clicked the message open, hoping for praise. She was surprised by what she saw:

I loved your story. It made my dick throb while I read it. I'll be thinking about eating your cum filled pussy while I jerk off tonight.

Eve's breath caught as her nipples tightened with arousal. She wondered who this man was and if he was touching himself right now while he thought of her. The thought made her surprisingly wet. While she had an active imagination that ran free in her stories, she lived a pretty quiet life. She'd never found a partner who was very sexually uninhibited and she was too busy to date much. As a result, she spent most nights at home pleasuring herself before going to bed and didn't know what it was like to go home with a stranger.

On impulse, she shot him a message back, telling him what she planned to do to herself while she in turn thought of him before she went into her bedroom and eased the aching in her pussy with her pink vibrator.

The next night as Eve logged on she'd received another message from her cyber admirer, this time with pictures of him rubbing his enormous cock. She set up her camera and shot a few of her dripping cunt and messaged him back. 

Immediately, the computer chimed its response. 

Want to meet?

Eve swallowed hard. This was the kind of thing everyone warned you about. You couldn't just go meeting strange men offline...anything could happen. The excitement and the danger mingled in her brain as she weighed the consequences. She reopened the pictures of the man's cock and hit reply.

Where?

Eve wrote down the address and ran to her closet to change. She stripped of the conservative clothes she'd worn to work and replaced them with a skin tight mini dress with nothing underneath, paired with thigh-high suede boots. She threw a trench coat over everything and headed out the door.

When she arrived at the address she'd been given, her heart began to pound, the sound thundering in her ears. She immediately started to doubt the wisdom of coming here. The building was dark, there wasn't a soul stirring, and there wasn't a single car in the lot besides hers. She was about to get back in her car when the lights turned on inside. Maybe he had come in through the back and didn't know she'd arrived yet. She had come all this way; she might as well go in and see if the packaging matched that gorgeous cock.

She wandered down the dark hallway toward the light and found herself in a large, empty office. There was a large mahogany desk and to one side of the room and several framed documents flanked it on the wall. She leaned across the desk to make out the name on the law degree she saw when a hand pushed her face-down onto the desk.

She let out a yelp of surprise and received a firm slap on the ass.

"Hush now my little plaything," a deep voice said, "I'm not going to hurt you."

He lifted up her coat and made a sound of appreciation when he saw her bare pussy exposed by the dress that had ridden up her hips. She squirmed under his grasp to turn her head to the side so she could catch her breath. Out of the corner of her eye she caught a glimpse of tanned skin and a muscled arm. He moved his free hand to her pussy and started to rub her up and down, until his hand was glistening from her wetness. 

Moaning, she tried to stand up to turn around and face her unseen lover but his grip tightened and he delivered several more sharp slaps to her ass and pussy.

"When I want you to move I will tell you to, slut."

Eve felt a rush of juices flood her cunt and she almost came from the stimulation. She'd never been called names by a lover before but it turned her on more than she could have imagined.

"I'm sorry. I'll be a good little slut," she whimpered, grinding against his hand as he toyed with her throbbing pussy.

Suddenly the teasing stopped and she let out a ragged moan of protest and arched her back towards him. His response was to jerk her upright off the desk and slap her tits. Welts started to appear on her ivory skin and each slap made her more desperate to have his big cock buried as deep inside her as it could be.

Finally, he bent her back over the desk and she gripped the edge as she felt the tip of his cock pressing against her pussy lips. He reached around her body and roughly grabbed her tits as he thrust his dick into her. Eve immediately began to cum and she felt her own jizz dripping down her thighs as she came all over his cock. 

He pumped in and out of her, twisting and pulling her nipples while his balls slapped against her ass. She screamed as she came again and he hooked his fingers into her gaping mouth and slammed his cock into her deeper the last few strokes before blowing stream after stream of his spunk into her abused cunt.

Finally, he turned her over and she was startled to see his handsome face was a familiar one. She'd seen him many times while working out at the gym; his name was Rick. She briefly wondered how he'd known the sexy online stories belonged to her since she wrote under a pen name but she didn't really care. She'd never been fucked so thoroughly and she couldn't imagine any of the dull men she'd had in her life ever comparing to this.

She smiled as he leaned in for a kiss, and his lips were tender, as were his hands working their way across her body. He lifted her up and sat her on the desk, gently easing her onto her back while he knelt on the carpeted floor. He spread her thighs, sticky from their juices, and smiled up at her.

"Now when I have to jerk off, I can think about eating your cum filled pussy and know that it's filled with my cum," he said, then dove into the task with vigor. He licked and sucked her clean while she came over and over against his mouth.

When she could stand again, he walked her back to her car and gave her one last kiss, gripping her hair roughly at the base of her skull. He leaned in close, nuzzling her neck as he whispered, "I'm going to teach you to be a good little sex slave before I'm done with you."

Eve smiled to herself as she drove back to her apartment. She would be good, but not too good- she liked the way he reprimanded her when she didn't obey. Eve couldn't wait for her next lesson in becoming a good little whore.