 *Author's Note: Hello again, dear readers! After receiving much more positive feedback than I had anticipated, I've elected to continue this into at least a two-parter. That said, after part 1's formatting debacle, I have vowed never again to merely copy/paste a story to Literotica, requests for a speedy release be damned. My "special fan" requested this time be done somewhere outdoors, so I apologize if it seems shoehorned. As usual, your feedback and commentary is invaluable to me as a writer for creating better stories. So if you don't give this a 5 star, kindly tell me why, either via comment or feedback, so I may continue to improve for everyone's benefit. This story is once again, straight M/F, the 'M' not being the 'F''s wife. As always, if that's not your cup of tea, no hard feelings. Just put down the cup and leave. Enjoy!*

SAMANTHA CONSUMED

Jake was furious with himself. A week ago, he had seduced his co-worker's wife, Samantha. Alcohol had helped, sure, as had Samantha's repeated complaints about her husband's ineffectiveness in bed, but Jesus. He had utterly devoured Sam, making sure she got all of the release she had so craved and more. The passion, the heat between the two of them in the moment had been undeniable, but Jake had woken the next morning to confront his own shame. How could he possibly look Alan in the eye at work? How could he hang out with him? Hell, what if Samantha wanted to tag along?

Shit, Jake thought to himself. Maybe if Sam's cool, we can write it off as a one-time mistake, never mention it again, and I can use alcohol as a crutch to drown my shame.

Hopefully Sam would feel the same way. Hell, maybe she was freaked out by their night together as much as he was. She might never even want to speak to him again. In fact, that might be the best possible outcome.

Jake's phone rang, jolting him from his pensive thoughts. He looked down and saw Samantha's name on the screen.

Fuck.

----

Samantha was indeed in the middle of her own dilemma. Of course, she felt the shame of what she had done. She had fucked another man, her husband's friend, no less. However, unlike Jake, Samantha was not debating over whether to tell Alan, but rather whether or not she wanted Jake again. The last few nights, she had found her thoughts drifting back to that passionate evening. She thought of what Jake had done to her, and she to him. His strong hands, the way his tongue had danced inside her. Samantha found her hands wandering, slowly touching herself as she thought of how she had ridden Jake. He had let her take charge, take her pleasure from him, and just as she had been getting tired, flipped her over and driven another orgasm from her body. She hadn't felt so complete, so satiated, so desired in years. Alan certainly never paid that kind of attention to her needs. Samantha knew that once wasn't enough. There was no way. Jake had given her exactly what she needed, and tonight she knew she needed it again. She needed him again. She needed release, and she knew where to get it. Her mind made up, she picked up her phone and dialed.

Jake had been dreading this call, but it went far more smoothly than he could have anticipated. Samantha asked if she could come over, just to sort some things out. Jake was relieved to hear that she was having just as difficult of a time with this as he was. Unfortunately, he was confusing shame with lust, and Samantha planned on talking very little.

----

The night had started innocently enough. Samantha had come over to Jake's condo, only to suggest they take a scenic drive through the woods. While surprising, this came as a welcome relief to Jake, who figured that not much could go wrong if they were both far, far away from a bedroom. As they drove through the forest on the warm summer's evening, Samantha rolled down her window to allow the smell of pine and wet grass to flow through the car. She breathed deep, the scent of the forest invigorating, the cold air bracing. The silence went on, to the point of discomfort, when Jake found the nerve to speak.

"Samantha, I'm really sorry about last week. Jesus, sorry doesn't even begin to cut it. I really feel like I took advantage of you, and I've just been sick about it since it happened. Can we just say it was a one-time mistake, pretend like it never happened, and move on?"

This surprised Samantha. Jake had seemed so sure of himself, so confident when he had taken her. Oh well. He had asked a question, and the silence had gone on long enough.

"No."

Jake gripped the wheel a little tighter at her response, the word stern and unyielding as it left her full lips.

"Samantha, please. The only thing that we accomplish by telling Alan is hurting-"

It was that moment when Sam put her hand high on Jake's thigh, stopping him mid-sentence.

"I didn't say I was going to tell Alan anything, Jake."

Her meaning hit Jake like a thunderbolt. If it couldn't be a one-time mistake, and she didn't want to tell her husband...

"Sam, this is a bad idea."

Samantha smirked, watching as she massaged Jake's thigh, seeing his lips part and voice quaver.

"What's a bad idea? I'm just helping a friend out. Maybe giving you some release."

Jake distantly realized she was mirroring the words he had spoken only a week ago, his mind foggy and slow as Samantha ran her hand over the front of him. Samantha leaned across the seat and whispered in his ear, lips brushing as she spoke.

"You have about two minutes to find someplace to park or I'm just going to have to unzip you and ride you right here."

Jake didn't think he had ever hit the gas pedal harder in his life.

-----

As it turned out, it took Jake less than two minutes to find a little-used forest road that led to a small clearing. As they got out, Jake grabbed the blanket he kept in the back of his car, normally reserved for picnics or outdoor movies. As he looked around the clearing, he noticed scattered shell casings and beer cans strewn around one side of it. Obviously this was a backwoods shooting range, but at night, Jake didn't feel that it was likely they'd be discovered. He didn't have a great deal of time to do much more than look around and spread the blanket before Sam pushed him to the ground, crawling on top of him. Her lips found his and she kissed him hungrily, pouring out her need from the past week. Her hands frantically pulled at his belt, while his encircled her slim waist, making his way down to her shapely hips. His hands lingered for only a moment, as Samantha had figured out his belt and was busy tugging the jeans down Jake's legs. In just a few moments, they were gone and Sam's lips were on him again, probing and seeking, kissing him so deeply he lost track of whose air he was breathing. He felt something warm and wet grind against him. Breaking the intense kiss for just a moment to look down, he saw that Samantha had sneakily removed her own thin leggings, her pussy needily rubbing up and down his rapidly growing dick. The last thing he saw before Sam yanked him back to her lips was that Samantha had grown just a small tuft of hair above her pussy, not quite a landing strip; more of a soul patch.

Samantha was loving every second. Grinding against Jake was not only stimulating the both of them, but coating Jake's remarkable dick with her excitement, preparing for what would once again be a very tight fit. Biting down hard on his bottom lip, Samantha broke away reluctantly, her hips already rolling with need. As she settled herself onto him, she gasped. Last time they had done this, Jake had already made her orgasm twice before she rode him. This time, however, Samantha had very little prep other than her own need. She screamed her ecstasy into the night, slowly settling onto Jake before beginning to roll and gyrate her hips. His massive girth stretched Samantha, her pussy clamping down in a vise-like grip, so snug she could barely move.

Jake did his best to keep up, but Sam was in her own world. She moaned loudly as she rode him, still circling, hips swaying seductively in a manner that Jake couldn't help but stare at. He realized that Samantha had given him no prohibition on touching her as she had last time, and his hands flew to her hips, squeezing tightly. Although there was no question that Samantha was in control, she allowed Jake the use of his hands. The summer's breeze ran goosebumps up Sam's spine, and as Jake touched her, she marveled at the difference in sensation. His warm hands smoothed away the chill of the night air wherever he touched, inflaming her senses further. As his hands reached up for her chest and made contact with her nipples, Sam threw her head back, eyes wide as she stared up at the stars. The pleasure, the taboo, the sensation...it was all too much. Samantha knew she was rapidly approaching an orgasm, one that would bow her spine and satiate at least some of her need. Bearing down hard, she abandoned her gyrations and began to ride him up and down, as hard as her body and his girth would allow.

Finally, it hit her. The orgasm began low in her stomach, the warm, heavy weight that had built so quickly flooding her body like quicksilver, seeking out every nerve ending within her and setting it alight. Sam gasped and bent down, holding as much of her body against Jake as she could, kissing him deeply, moaning and screaming into his mouth as she rode him for as long as she could before she simply became too sensitive.

Samantha rolled off and looked at Jake, who looked like someone had just hit him between the eyes. He was breathing deeply, head lolling back and forth as he tried to speak.

"Jesus, Sam, that was...that was so gooooooooohhhhh shit!"

Jake may have been winded, but Sam was already eager for more. While Jake had tried to compose himself, Sam was looking own at Jake's dick, glistening in the moonlight from her powerful orgasm. Barely in control of herself, consumed with her overpowering need, she reached own and licked a long, slow line up the underside of Jake's dick, causing his inarticulate moan.

Samantha had never truly tasted herself before. Sure, Alan had tried to have her lick his finger after he'd finish fingering her, but she had been unaroused and did it largely to soothe his ego. This was different. Jake hadn't cum, she knew that from how hard he was; the way his dick pulsed and jumped as she ran her tongue along it. She would have been surprised if he could; given how tight she was gripping him. Sam found that she didn't mind the taste, and actually rather enjoyed the tangy concoction, especially when she got to lick it off of the man that had satisfied her more in a week than her husband had in 5 years.

Jake, on the other hand, was losing his mind. Samantha was right in her assessment that he hadn't cum, but he wanted to desperately at this point. Sam's curious licking, coupled with the breeze making its way through the clearing, had him agonizingly close to the edge without tipping over. He was at the point of begging.

"Sam, Sam please, I'm so close. Please, please finish it."

Though Samantha had been enjoying herself, she could see from the pained look on Jake's face that he truly did need release. She gripped him tightly at the root, causing him to gasp and lurch upward, and then looked him dead in the eye.

"Consider this a special treat, Jake. I never swallow with Alan."

Without a word she took him as deep as she could, making it about halfway down his prodigious width before coming back up for air. Her normally soft brown eyes were hard and ablaze with lust as she enthusiastically bobbed up and down on him. Jake threw his head back and panted loudly, whispering "fuck" under his breath over and over.

Samantha was certainly skilled, when she was in the mood for it, and tonight she was more in the mood than she could remember. Her tongue laved over Jake, twirling around his tip as she went down, then dragging along the big vein on the underside as she came up for air. When coupled with her enthusiasm, and Jake's evident arousal, it was barely more than a minute when she tasted the first drops of his precum. Sam went from bobbing up and down to inhaling like a vacuum, sucking eagerly as Jake let out a guttural growl and Samantha's mouth began to fill with cum, Jake's hand firmly entangled in her hair so as to keep her there.

Sam was surprised, mostly by the fact that Jake didn't taste nearly as bad as she remembered cum tasting. She still wouldn't put it on her Cheerio's, mind you, but she definitely didn't mind making sure Jake's dick was completely clean before she lifted her lips up with an audible 'POP'. Eyes rolling upward, she gauged her performance based on Jake's reaction. Based on the way his eyes were still rolled back, and the way his body was jerking involuntarily, Samantha had done her job very well indeed. Sam was suddenly concerned. This was normally the point where she went to bed unfulfilled.

Thankfully, Jake was not Alan. Samantha lay under his arm, feeling positively small against his large, well-built frame, her hands running absently over his firm chest. That was all it took for Jake to begin to stir, hands finding Sam's waist and slowly turned her so he could be on top. Rather than trying to fuck her right away, Jake decided to return a small part of the favor he had just received. Starting at Samantha's hips, he nipped sharply at each, drawing quick breaths and small moans from her. He continued his seductive path down, kissing at the junction of her legs, tongue trailing so close to what Samantha wanted, but tantalizing her by denying it for now.

He crisscrossed her hips again and again, alternating between kisses and nibbles, until Samantha's hips were rolling and small mewling sounds constantly escaping her throat. He decided he had made her wait long enough, and lowered his tongue to her clit. The sudden sensation made Sam arch and cry out, seeking more from Jake's talented tongue. Jake, of course, was more than happy to continue his work, licking Samantha the same way he had last week, alternating between short, rapid licks of her clit, and long slow, strokes that started almost at her ass and made their way to the top of her clit once more. Jake was unable to even finger Sam, needing both hands to keep her hips still.

Samantha's body was going out of control, her overwhelming desire consuming her. The orgasm didn't build up, it hit her like a freight train. Her entire body spasmed and shook, her hands hopelessly pressed against the back of Jake's head, needlessly urging him on. Her breath was ragged as she once again screamed, the entire experience somehow enhanced by the environment. It was as though every feeling was intensified, every nerve more sensitive than they'd ever been. Finally, after what may have been an instant or an eternity, Jake slid behind her, positioning himself at Samantha's soaked entrance. She was still coming down from her first orgasm when Jake pushed the wide head of his dick inside her, slowly pushing deeper. Sam's eyes went wide, her body protesting slightly at being filled so rapidly. Her hand wrapped around the back of Jake's head as he kissed his way around her neck and collarbone, free hand resting on his taut ass, urging him on. Jake wasted no time in sliding one hand down to Samantha's clit, gently stroking it as he pumped in and out of her, rocking her with every thrust, bodies tight against each other. Jake had begun to nibble more firmly around Sam's neck, finding his way behind her ear and along her jawline, fingers never stopping their circular, insistent motion on her clit, his thick, throbbing dick starting to fill her faster and faster. Samantha's moans were continuous now, her all-consuming need reaching a boiling point as she writhed. She felt what was coming and knew it was going to be even better than last time. Jake, despite having cum once before, was nevertheless so challenged by Sam's tightness, that he was about to burst. One thrust, two, and Jake erupted, fingers going into overdrive to push Samantha over, and over she went. The combination of his cum shooting white hot inside her and his skilled fingers playing a masterful tap dance on her clit made Sam explode, eyes rolling back and body going stiff as a board. Jake tried valiantly to keep his rhythm, trying to prolong her pleasure as long as possible before collapsing onto his back.

Samantha molded herself against him, quite content to lie there naked in the forest with Jake, the sounds of nature around them soothing and relaxing.

Jake looked over at Sam, smiled, and simply said "Thank you."

Sam looked at him and smirked.

"It's your turn again."

The End...?

*Post Note: I'm sorry. I hate the cliché of the question mark after 'The End' as much as the next person, but I truly haven't decided whether or not to continue this as a series. Part 1 was a special request, Part 2 a happy accident. We'll see how I feel after putting out Part 3 of my other series. Maybe look at that in the meantime! *wink, wink*