 Meanwhile on the other side of town Dhea was visiting the doctor's office to see what the problem was and why she couldn't get pregnant. She had been fucking Bobby for months now and at her peak time of the month each time. She should have been knocked up long before now. She didn't know if it was Bobby or her. But she was pretty sure that a young guy like Bobby was full of live sperm. She was sure he was OK. "It must be me Doctor", she said to him as she sat up in the chair to be examined.

Dressed in only a hospital cover now, she had removed all of her clothes. Feeling naked under the cover and drafty between her legs Dhea put her feet in the stirrups as she spread her lovely legs wide thinking: "Oh God I'm so open to this guy and he is very nice looking. I hope I don't get wet when he touches me and opens my pussy."

The doctor's name was Paul and he had extremely soft gentle hands but what was more important right then was even with gloves on his hands were warm too. He used his fingers to lightly spread her outer pussy lips and then used his tools to look deeper into her vagina. "God yes! Just look at this beautiful pussy on this lovely Asian woman! Man, this is one reason why I became a female doctor", he said to himself as he checked out her pink insides before looking deeper into her tunnel. 

"This woman is absolutely beautiful and she is sitting here with her thighs wide open showing me all of her sex. Hell I even get to touch it. My face is close enough that I can smell it. And, if I work it right I can even stimulate it and her,"

Paul felt his cock harden and he tried to control it since there was a nurse in the room with them. He took his time and made Dhea keep her legs open for a fairly long time. Even with the nurse there, he got so close to Dhea he could feel her heat. His face was close enough that he could inhale her sent and Dhea felt his warm breath on her pussy lips. "Oh shit! I'm getting wet. I can feel it", she said to herself.

Dhea was beginning to lubricate between her legs as Paul worked his fingers tenderly and lightly around her inner opening. Then he began to use his instruments to probe a little deeper. Dhea bit her lip when she felt one tool go a little deeper and move in and out slowly. Paul looked up over the small partition and saw her smiling a little and her eyes were closed.

"Good", he said in his brain, "Good! She likes the touching and the rubbing. Damn she is so hot her lips are puffy and wet, she is stimulated."

Then he said: "A little more Dhea, a little longer. I know this is difficult just hang on a few more seconds for me."

His fingers were wet as he opened her hole a little more and looked inside. She was pink and fresh and clean and he saw nothing wrong. Then he used the probe and that's when he saw what was wrong. 

Finally not wanting to take any more chances he moved back and had her sit up. She removed her feet from the stapes and sat up fully now closing her legs. As the nurse left the room, Paul sat on his chair and said: "Dhea you seem to be OK, except for the scaring inside your uterus. Dhea asked: "Scaring?"

Paul said: "Yes, and it's a bad scaring too. I wonder did you ever have an abortion. It could be the reason you can't get pregnant?"

Dhea blushed as she began to explain about her abortion and when it accrued. Paul was considerate and calming and very charming as he held her hand when she began to cry. 

He talked about her sex life and if she could have an orgasm, from oral sex, from a cock and from toys. Dhea told him yes to all of them and told him she had done all of those with men in the past as well as with her young lover now.

Paul kept asking things which were very personal and Dhea was honest, true and direct just like she had been taught by her family, the Ambassador and her other lovers over the years. Paul smiled and patted her hand and was very consoling.

Finally he set her up for some test in the lab. One of which would require her to have an orgasm and he would collect her cum and internal juices. She looked at him with some fear in her eyes but Paul told her he would be with her the entire time and that she shouldn't worry there is a chance it could be fixed. But, she would have to follow his directions and do what he told her. He wasn't sure but more tests were needed. He asked her if she was wiling to try new experimental ways of mating her seed with cum and she told him: "Yes, anything. I'm very willing to try anything doctor."

He told her to call him Paul and then he had her schedule another appointment and then said goodbye.

As Dhea dressed she smiled as she liked this young handsome doctor. He had made her happy when he took a great interest in her and her body. Her body was tingling as she left his office and headed home. When she got home she masturbated thinking of him and wondered how big his cock was when he was hard and fucking her. 

It was a few days later when she had her tests and a couple more when the phone ran and it was Paul. He said: "Dhea I got the results back from your test." 

He hesitated and then said: "Look I usually don't get involved with my patients this way but I have taken more interest in your problem. I was wonderful if you would like to maybe have lunch one day and we could talk about your tests and options you have ahead of you. You could also tell me more about the time you spent with the Ambassador and his wife and what happened when you became pregnant and had that abortion?"

She hesitated for only a moment not wanting to sound too happy about the lunch and then said: "Yes doctor, Paul, I would like that. Thank you. "

He said: "How about Friday say around 1PM?"

She agreed and they made the arrangements to meet on Friday afternoon two days from now. 

Paul planned it for Friday since his office had a half a day on Friday and everyone would be gone by the time he finally got into his car and drove to meet Dhea. He wondered how it would be with her. Would she be receptive? Would she like his personal attention? Would she agree to come back to his office for another exam this time alone with him? Would she enjoy it enough to come back for more from him? 

Paul was sure she would, he had the skills, knowledge as well as the tools and instruments and many toys to make her cum like she never had cum before. Then he would show her his big cock and even slap her belly and rub her pussy slit with it showing her how long and thick it was. He would tease her and drive her wild and make her cum with toys and tools and of course his mouth and tongue. But, he would wait for the second or maybe the third meeting before he fucked her. 

He smiled as he left for the luncheon meeting which he felt would be the start of their sexual joining. He could hardly wait. Dhea was one of the loveliest women he had seen in years. If he couldn't get her pregnant with his big cock no one could. Paul's cock was big, thick and very long. Plus his balls were always full of fertile cum for a woman who looked and acted like Dhea.

From what she had told him about her life, he was sure that she had been taught to be extremely submissive with the right man. Paul was sure of it and he was also sure he could bring it out and make her happy to be his slut. Soon he would have her serving him and loving him and she would be his slave and whore. 

Paul knew he had to go slow and be careful and not rush this or she might report him to the medical board. But if he played it right he could make her fall in love with him and crave his big cock. Then she would want to be with him all the time. Soon she would do anything to keep him. This method always worked on the weak women, the submissive women, women who wanted and needed love badly, women like Dhea.

As Dhea watched and waited the waiter couldn't do enough for her. She saw Paul arrive at the restaurant just a few minutes after she did. It was Paul's favorite place and he had arranged with the Manager and his special waiter for the best service and food they could offer.

As the luncheon began Paul was his usual charming self and Dhea love how he took control by ordering for both of them and then making sure she had everything she wanted. The service was outstanding and the food was exceptional. She loved the attention they all gave her. 

Paul made a special effort to see that she enjoyed herself completely. He even made her try the desert of the day made of warm cake with dark rich pudding and ice cream inside the cake, It was over the top and she ate every bit of it not realizing there was a special drug in it that would make her body crave to be touched and her pussy wet and very needy. The drug had no taste or smell and she consumed it all by eating the cake completely.

Paul held her hand at times and was serious when he had to be and funny when he wasn't. They laughed and sat closer to each other as the day went on. Her thigh was touching his when he finally ordered coffee for him and tea for her. She could feel the heat coming from her vagina and from his leg pressing against his. Both of them were close now their faces a few inches apart. He could smell her perfume and she inhaled his fresh sent. He held both her hands in his hands now and began to tell her what he felt might help her get pregnant.

He told her with the scaring she had in her uterus it might eventually come down to take planting a seed in her womb after perhaps beginning the process in a laboratory. He told her that she may not be able to get pregnant by pure intercourse. "There are other options Dhea besides intercourse, but we'll start with that and move on later if it doesn't work. But we need to get you back to the office and try a few things so I can see your reaction."

Dhea listened and answered all of his questions. They ordered another round of coffee and tea and this time the waiter reached for the bottle of special drops of the sexual mixture he had in his pocket. The restaurant always used them when Paul contacted them ahead of time.

Usually it went in the desert like today but when Paul wanted to be sure that the woman would go with him when lunch was over, the waiter would receive a signal from him and he would put two additional drops in the tea or coffee they would have last. That always worked to get the woman to come back to his place. 

After the waiter left, Paul started to ask Dhea about the man she was with now who she wanted to get her pregnant. He asked her about their sex life when and how they did it. He covered everything including actually asking her about the size of the guy's cock. He found out that Bobby was actually a little above average size and very good at recovering and doing her again. She told him: "Some days Bobby would cum in me 4 or 5 times Paul. He's very young and his recovery time is remarkable."

Paul smiled and was thinking: "No wonder! A woman as beautiful as Dhea and built as she was, a young guy would go nuts wanting to fuck her over and over again. But, I'm larger, much longer and I'm sure I can fill her deeper and actually cum in her womb."  

He told her: "It's not just the number of times he cums inside you Dhea. I know how to position your body for the best effect when your lover does cums each time. I also know when your lover should fuck you. No baby not just the day but the time of day is important."

It was the first time he had called her baby and she didn't react to it at all. He would make sure she was with him part of the time she was at her full fertile period.

When Paul found out the guy was much younger than she was he knew for sure that Dhea was using Bobby for a chance to only have his baby. Paul knew he could keep her by doing the same and letting them think it was Bobby's baby. In the mean time he would have her body and enjoy it to its fullest. After all, if it was a baby that Dhea wanted, why not two men. Surely that would be much better than one. He would convince her of that and she would convince Bobby!

Finally, Paul explained that he would like Dhea to come back to the office with him right now and that he would perform a few newly developed tasks to see if she was OK with her orgasms.

While Dhea was still in a state of bliss from the drugs she did ask what he meant. Paul told her that he had certain tools and some new medical methods that would help her to achieve an orgasm and that would help him examine how her body performed when she had it.

When she asked why she had to orgasm for him in his office, Paul told her he could tell a great deal about her body from the way it achieved and performed when she climaxed. He told her not to worry they would be alone and that he would talk and explain it all to her as test got underway. Since there was no one in the office but the two of them there wouldn't be any problem if she cried out or made noise or something else. 

Paul told her: "We'll go slowly Dhea and if at any time you don't feel like you want to continue you just have to tell me to stop and I will. But this procedure will be a great use in my determination of what may be happening to you and why you can't get pregnant."

While Dhea wasn't sure what she wanted to do, she didn't say know. She was almost dripping between her legs and her panties were wet and so were her inner thighs. Her clit was now throbbing and her nipples ached as if she was played with them. She had to cross her legs back and forth and squeeze her thighs tight just to keep the pressure down. 

While Paul kept telling her what they would do and why she needed to have her body worked up and stimulated to an orgasm, Dhea was actually feeling very warm now and her body was already beginning to feel as if she wanted to be touched down there and maybe a good cum would help relieve this heat and need she felt. 

She was listening but not really hearing all of what he was telling her. She did hear the part about working her body to an orgasm and right now she liked that idea. She said to herself: "Maybe I should let this sexy man, this beautiful doctor, touch me and work on my body and make me cum. I mean if the doctor didn't know how to make me cum who did? It might be a good idea and I sure feel like I need a good cum right now. I wonder how his cock looks."

She was actually feeling very hot now and her body was already beginning to feel as if she wanted to be touched down there and she kept thinking : "Maybe a good cum would help relieve this heat and need I seem to have today." 

Paul saw her nipples standing out against her blouse and he knew the drops were working. He could tell by the way she kept crossing and uncrossing her legs she was squeezing her thighs to stop the throbbing in her vagina. He knew she was feeling the drug and soon she would really need to cum. As he paid the bill and tipped the waiter a large amount, he again asked her to come back to his office. Again Dhea hesitated but she sat there and then she asked: "So where is your car Paul?"

Paul touched her leg with his hand and ran it up her thigh slowly. Dhea didn't stop him she just watched his hand move closer to her pussy. When he was only an inch away he whispered: "Uncross your legs for me. Let me touch you."

Dhea uncrossed her legs and actually opened them more for him. Paul moved his hand down between her upper most thighs. His hand cupped her pussy and he could feel the wetness and her heat even on the outside of her slacks. He whispered: "You're very warm between your legs Dhea, are you feeling OK baby? Do you feel a need down there Dhea? Do you ache to be touched here?"

He cupped her pussy and squeezed again gently. Dhea moaned and whimpered softly as he played with her pussy on the outside of her slacks. "I can help you. I can give you relief baby. Come with me and let me help you."

Paul kept whispering in her ear as he kept stroked her. Dhea kept whimpering in his ear as he held her pussy and stroked it up and down. He could feel her hips pushing back now and he was sure she was ready. He took her hand and said: "Come back to the office with me and let me show you how good you can cum when I make you."

She was very close to his lips and she stayed bent forward and listened as Paul kissed her and licked her lips with his tongue. Then he told her: "I can feel your heat and wetness on my hand now Dhea. I know you are worked up and need to get off. I can help that feeling you're having between your legs baby. I can make you feel much better."

Dhea didn't move she looked into his eyes and felt his hand between her thighs. She kissed him as she felt him squeeze her cunt again and again and moaned louder now. As his hand stayed between her legs he moved his fingers up and down feeling her slit as he rubbed on the outside of her slack. He felt her push into his fingers as he slowly began to masturbate her in her chair. Then Paul told her: "Come back to my office Dhea and let me show you how good it will feel to relieve your sexual need."

Dhea moaned again as she felt him squeeze her pussy over and over. He used his fingers to push into her and she moaned as he did it. When she put her head on the table he bent down and whispered: "I can make you feel wonderful and by doing so I can help determine why you can't get pregnant. I know you feel like you need and want to cum Dhea. I can feel your body reacting to my touch just think how it would be if you were nude and I was touching your pussy directly with my fingers or maybe my mouth. I can feel your heat baby. Your pussy is burning on my hand. Come with me and let me make you feel good and relieve your sexual need."

Dhea hesitated and then said: Why do we have to go to your office again?"

Paul smiled knowing she was in a fog but her sexual need was too high now to stop, he was sure of it. He told her: "Because you need it so badly, let me take you back to my office, I'll put you on the table, spread your beautiful legs and show you how good you can feel. Let me make you cum baby. I'll lick your hot pussy and make you scream. You and I both know you want to cum don't you."

Dhea only raised her head and shook it yes. Paul stood up and took her hand. She held it and stood with him. He put his arms around her and kissed her hard and long as he pressed his hard cock into her body. His hands cupped her perfect ass and pulled her even harder against him. He whispered in her ear: "Let me relieve your sexual need that I know is building higher and higher inside your body. Let Paul make you cum Dhea let me make you cum like you have never done before. I can help you Dhea, come with me. And who knows maybe I can get you knocked up!"

Dhea stood there for a few minutes and then said: "I think I drank to much wine Paul for me to drive and to meet you."

Paul told her: "Don't worry baby! I'll drive us both back to the office."

His fingers were between her legs again rubbing and pressing against her cunt. She looked him in his eyes and smiled as she walked with him to his car one block away.

Paul helped her to the car and as she got in he could see a wet spot between her legs. Even with panties and slacks on Dhea was so wet she had made a stain right where her pussy hole was located. He got into his side and bent and kissed her immediately. 

He knew he had to keep her worked up and he ran his hand up her left thigh and again cupped her pussy. As he fed her his tongue he rubbed and pushed and stroked her cunt. When their lips parted he said: "Open your legs wide for me Dhea. Let me get my hand completely over your pussy and touch it for you directly. It feels much better when there are no clothing between my fingers and your pussy. Open your legs wide for me."

He didn't wait, he gently pushed her knee and Dhea spread her legs wide. He smiled as he watched her open them. She opened her thighs and Paul reached over the top of her slacks and ran his hand down under them. Dhea sighed and closed her eyes. Paul moved his hand further and further down her front until he felt her wetness and the little hair she had around her pussy. He stroked her slit and spread it so he could move a finger deeper and then he entered her hole. Dhea arched her back and began to fuck his finger frantically. Humping like she was frantic her body gave up and she cried out as she held his hand and raised her hips thrusting her cunt up and Paul felt her release a large amount of juice and he knew she was Cumming on his fingers. It had taken only a few minutes.
