 Dhea is always over the age of 18!

*****

Dhea was a beautiful 26 year old Asian woman from Java. (For those who don't know where that is, it's in the Pacific Ocean near China.)

She was small as are almost all women from that area of the world. Raised by her mother, Dhea was taught at an early age to be very nice and sub-servant to men. But, most of these ladies are like that with all men when in a crowd or alone. 

It was the custom of the country. This way of life was instilled into her brain from a very early age. Handed down from generation to generation a girl was taught that a woman was made to please her man and serve them in all ways, including and especially sexually. Also these beautiful ladies loved sex in all ways.

Standing no more than 5 foot and weighting only about 100 pounds. Dhea was extremely attractive at a young age. She was cute as a adolescent and she did not becoming absolutely beautiful until she was older. Her breasts were fair size for an Asian woman, maybe 32b. But her stomach was flat and her hips and ass round and firm.

It was Dhea's body for sure that made men want her, especially lovely were her nipples. They were always hard and long and hard to hide. Those that had seen them and touched them and sucked them knew the nipples of this lovely lady were special. Not many men had had the opportunity to see them. Fewer had been lucky enough to touch then and suck them.

Dhea had men seeking her and fighting over her since she was a teen. She learned that men would bend over backwards to talk with her and do things for her in an attempt to meet and get to know her better. All this in hopes that they could have sex with her. They all had one thing in their brains, to have sex with her.

Dhea learned at an early age of 18, how to use her beauty and charm to achieve what she wanted and get what she wanted in life from these men.

As she grew into an beautiful female adult she had various jobs that paid next to nothing in the way of wages or benefits but she always seem to have more and get more than the other girls. Her bosses were always willing to have her work over just to see her alone. Many took advantage of her. That is until she understood and began to demand things for herself. If they wanted to see more or touch more or do things with her she wanted a reward in return. A sort of you scratch my back and I'll do yours and we both get what we want ideas.

Then one day while working as a clerk in a store she met a young handsome representative from the American Embassy. He just walked into the shop she was working in and was immediately overwhelmed by her beauty. He visited often and always purchased much more than he wanted. He stayed and chatted with Dhea for long periods of time. Finally one day she agrees to go out with him.

They dated for a few times when she gave into him and had sex with him. It was spectacular sex for the guy. They would meet about 3 times a week and she always drained him sexually. A few weeks later she was offered a job at the Embassy and began working for the young man. They met after work and he made love to her now almost daily. 

They grew more and more together and he gave her things, expensive things and took her out and on trips, away from home. They would spend weekends together. 

She became his woman and everywhere he went she was by his side. That is until the Ambassador saw her. He was older in his 50s and he too desired her. One day she was promoted and Dhea began to work directly for him as an assistant and his social scheduler. She worked in his office with other young beautiful Asian women. But, Dhea still met her young man after work and fucked him every night in his bed when she could get away from the "old man".

Her mother, family and friends all felt Dhea having a great job at the Embassy since working for the Americans was considered a very special job with major benefits. Her mother said: "So what if you have to give a little of your body to him Dhea, you're special and I'm sure he will reward you more, the more you give him. Just do what he wants child and you'll be OK."

So Dhea did as her mother told her. She received a very nice salary when she started working for the 'old man'. She received even more when he asked her to work over time with him. She was young and he was old and she knew what he wanted but she hadn't agree to it, yet.

The "old man" was what everyone called the Ambassador but actually his real name was Frank. The income she received was used to help support her family and give her a more independence. She moved into her own place and the relationship with the young man began to slow fade as a new one began to develop with Frank.

Dhea told the young man that she had to work late many times now. What could she do? Frank was the boss! More and more she would stay with the 'old man' during lunch and it started to occupy all her time. It just seemed that the romance was over between her and her young man. There was nothing either of them could do. What Frank wanted he got, he was the boss a sort of king in the Embassy and everyone knew it. If you didn't support him you were sent back to the USA and your job was over. For the locals that meant no more money or benefits. Pay was great and living in Java was chap so everyone was getting richer as time went by. No one wanted to take a chance of pissing off the 'old man'.

Dhea was very willing to work and help with doing those tasks that really weren't hers but that no one else wanted to perform. Everyone at the Embassy loved her. She was so willing and happy to do anything asked of her by her boss or others. Plus the fact that she was extremely lovely made it easier for her to get her way most of the time.

The Ambassador had to notice her more and more the weeks before he took her as his own. Her beauty made her stand out against the other women in the office and building. He began to take a very special interest in seeing to her development. In fact, as time went by, Frank started to have private meetings with Dhea which he called English training sessions. These meetings were held behind close doors and with just the two of them.

As the meetings with the Ambassador continued he became more and more charmed by Dhea and her natural beauty. Then one day he couldn't stand it any more and touched her arm and pulled her to him. She was scared at first but didn't want to be fired, so she did nothing when he kissed her and held her body close to his. That was the start of her new relationship with Frank as she began her training. The affair would last over three years.

Now each time they would met the 'old man' began to make his move and take it a little further. He began by undressing her. First it was the removing of her top. She would stand there nude from the waste up and he would look at her and pull her closer and kiss her again and again. 

Then he began to use his hands to touch her small but full tits. He absolutely loved her small breasts with those dark nipples which grew so hard and long and very thick. He had never seen nipples like Dhea's nipples. They looked like huge erasers by the time he was done with them.

Dhea's body was perfect but Frank always stayed above her belly, at least at first and would hold her to him and touch her and play with her tits. She never said no to him and he went very slowly so she wouldn't get to scared or upset with what he was doing to her. He was very careful not to get caught by the staff as he played with her tits. 

Then one day he took out is old and small cock and began to masturbated as he played and sucked on her breast. She still had never touched his cock. Frank suck and his hand would jerk it off as he played with her breast and made her pose for him. He loved her to rub her breasts all over his face and chest as he jerked his small old cock.

Then one day he had both of her young lovely breasts out and as usually he used his hands to play them at first before playing with himself. He loved how she would tease the nipples and rub them on his face. But, today as he playing with his cock it became overwhelming for him seeing her sexy body and beautiful face.

As he kissed her and worked on her tits even more than before, he took a chance as her nipples grew hard and long, Frank bent down and sucked her tits for the first time leaving his mark as he touched her between her legs.

Dhea loved it she had waited a long time for him to make his move down. She held his bald head and pushed her small tit deeper into his mouth and held him as she whispered things like: "Oh yes Frankie suck them that feel so good. Suck baby suck Dhea's nipples for her."

Frank was wild with his lust and need. It was the first time she had said anything during these sessions. She loved how his lips felt on her nipples and how his tongue licked them and played with them as he sucked. But, wen he touched her between her legs he asker if she like it? She told him: "Yes. Yes sir. It feels wonderful. Hold my pussy and suck more. Suck, Frankie suck!"

So now it became something he did almost immediately after opening her blouse. He cupped them both in his two hands and sucked each tit like a baby. She held his head and stroked his face. Then she started talking to him more and more telling him how good it felt to have him suck her tits. He would reach for her pussy and rubbed it on the outside of her cloths. It didn't matter his hand there still felt good.

His old cock was sticking out of his shorts as hard as it got. As he jerked it off some it would sometimes cum without him touching it. That made Dhea smile.

Frank started to instruct her in what to say and how to use words like tit, and nipple, and suck them. These words make his little cock grow harder and throb and jump with excitement. Frank loved when she talked to him using those words. It made his lust for her even stronger.

After these sessions ended for the day, there were times when Dhea saw a big wet stain on the front of his slacks or a load of cum on his leg or belly. She didn't know the 'old man' had cum in his slacks at first. She wondered if he peed himself. But then she realized that it only happened when he was sucking her tits and rubbing her pussy as she talked to him. But, she always wondered why Frank didn't try and fuck her. She would have let him of course.

The day she saw the spot of wetness form as he played with and sucked her tits, she told him to suck the nipples harder. That's when she saw him wet his pants and knew he had cum without touching his cock. It was sort of a strange relationship.

But, Frank treated her very well, and so she let him do it week after week after week for months. Each time he did it he gave her something, a gift, perfume, or jewelry or money from his own pocket. He would tell her to go buy something sexy to wear the next time they got together.

Each time they met he sat in his chair in his underwear with his cock out. He had her sitting on his lap now and he would open her blouse and hold and suck her tits. After a while he kept sucking but moved one hand to his small cock and jerked off.

Another week went by and then it was different. He told her to sit in the chair and he stood. As she did as instructed, Frank stood next to her and instead of him removing her top, he told her to take off her top. She did as she was told and as she sat in the chair nude from the stomach up. 

Frank just looked at her, well at her breasts and she watched his small cock grow hard in minutes. She felt a little funny just sitting there and he just looked at her. But she could see his little cock growing hard as it hung out of his shorts. His crotch was at her eye level.

He turned more towards her and told her to take hold of his cock. She had never touched it before. He then took her hand and gently put it on his dick and told her hold it. Again she did what he was told. Dhea slowly stroked it.

Finally when he was hard, Frank instructed her on how to play with it. Dhea had never done this to him before. But, she had done it a couple times while she was growing up and dating her boyfriends and her young lover. But this was a little different. This was the Ambassador, and her boss. It was his cock she was holding now and she knew she had better do a good job with it.

She held his cock in her little hand and felt it throbbing. Frank smiled and told her to relax. Then he told her that it felt so good having her hold his sex and that he wanted her to jerk him off and make him cum.

She looked up at him and wasn't completely sure what he wanted. So Frank took her hand and showed her what he wanted her to do and how to jerk him off. As he played with her right tit, she masturbated his cock and made the 'old man' cum on her arm, hand and tits. This was another step the next step in her development as Frank called it.

Later after he cleaned her breasts up removing his cum, Frank asked her if she liked doing that and she said: "Not much Frankie, I like it better when you suck my nipples."

He told her that next time they would do both and that sometimes they all had to do things they really didn't want to do in order to get what they wanted out of life. Dhea understood exactly what he meant. She smiled at him and told him: "I understand Frank. I jerk you off and you suck my nipples."

From then on she always sat in the chair and he stood next to her. Now she didn't have to be told to take his cock out. Dhea knew what to do and she did it. He had trained her well. She worked on his small cock jerking him off until he shot his load on her hand, arm and tits, without being told. He would always clean her up and afterwards and then they changed position and she sat on his lap and Frank played with her tits and sucked her nipples. Then he would rub her pussy until she climaxed as she said the new words like cock and cum and balls, and pussy.

As time went on they moved from that chair to the sofa. Now Frank insisted that she wear a skirt on those days they would meet. He began to worship her body. Now the 'old man' had her sit on the sofa and he would kneel in front of her. He would have her lift her skirt slowly and hold it up with her hands as he used his hands to open her legs and he looked at her pretty panties.

The Ambassador would kneel there just looking up under her skirt and he would stay just like that for a little while just looking at her. He would inhale her musk and again Dhea felt it was strange but she knew eventually it would pay off. He had told her that he would do what he promised if she let him see her thighs and panties covering her pussy. Frank told Dhea he would go down on her and lick and suck her pussy. No man had ever done that to her before. But many women had told her how good it felt to have a tongue lick their pussy. 

The first time it happened she went wild. Since Dhea had never had this done to her before, she exploded with huge orgasms. Her body convulsed and she fucked the 'old man's face like she was taken over by a witch. She held his head and moaned and cried out as she came and came.

Frank loved to lick and taste her and she loved how his tongue made her feel. After he licked her and made her cum a few times Dhea had to pull his head out from between her legs. She didn't want to do it but her pussy became too sensitive for any more. But she was sure Frank would stay down there, between her open thighs as long as she wanted him to do it. He seemed to love being there on his knees licking and sucking her wetness.

When she was done, Frank would have her masturbate him and make him cum on her thighs as he sucked her nipples and played with her tits while they sat on the sofa. They lay on the sofa together holding each other so she could jerk him off and he could suck her tits.

As she jerked him off, he just loved playing with her tits and now he began to rub her inner thighs with one hand and playing with her well licked pussy as he told her to leave her legs open. She left her thighs wide open almost crudely, and did so until he shot his load.

As she remembered back it was sort of funny that for almost a year he never touched her pussy or ass. He licked it and sucked it but he never used his hands, never. Now he was always touching her inner thighs and pussy and ass. All he had to do was touch her leg and she would gladly open them for him. She knew that Frank would go down on her and eat her cunt and she wanted this badly.

Finally one quiet afternoon when they were to have their 'English' session, he told her they were going to lunch together instead. He wanted to talk with her about something very important. They went to the best hotel in town and after a spectacular lunch then he took her to a room and for the first time he fucked her.

It was a special day for both of them. For him he had finally got to feel his cock inside her. He undressed her and stood there looking at her perfect body. Finally he laid her back on the bed fully nude and again he just looked at her for the longest time.

She knew what he liked and she opened her thighs wide and lifted her arms over her head and showed off her body completely. With her body open and spread for his pleasure the 'old man' almost came before he got his dick inside her tight wet pussy. He had licked her and made her cum like usual and while she was recovering he told her he was going to fuck her and it would be worth her while if she didn't fight him. She didn't fight and he put on a condom and entered her body and lasted maybe 20 seconds. Dhea was just too beautiful.

It was a special day for Dhea too. It was the next step in her development but it also meant he would pay her more, she was sure of it. She held him and let him hump her pussy until he spewed into a condom. The good part was he licked her pussy again after he fucked her and made her cum many time that day.

They spent a few hours in the room. Most of the time, that afternoon, he played with her body, licking her pussy on and off and making her cum over and over again. She just held his bald head and told him how good he was making her feel when he licked her pussy. She held his cock and even licked it and sucked on it trying to make it hard again but he was done. The Ambassador did his best to make her enjoy every minute they were together because he wanted her to go with him again and again.

Dhea didn't really like having sex with him but she went with him on a weekly basis. He was too old, and his body was not very good and his cock was semi-hard at best. But his tongue and mouth worked magic on her. She always had multi- orgasms from his oral talents and so she just let him fuck her for a half a minute and cum in his condom.

She knew Frank was done for the day and the rest of the afternoon would be for her pleasure and enjoyment. The rest of their time was spent with him between her legs licking and sucking her pussy or playing with her tits and nipples. She had to stay nude the entire time but that was becoming easier and easier for her to do.

The 'old man' at times just sat on the bed between her open legs and looked at her smiling as he opened her pussy lips and touched her red insides. She was so beautiful! Then he would go back down on her and lick her making her feel good as he got another orgasm for her.

After that first time with him in that hotel room the Ambassador changed her job and increased her salary and gave her medical benefits which she could use to help her mother. This added money and benefit was well worth the little time it took to make the 'old man' cum.

Finally, the last part of Dhea's training and development began to get underway. The 'old man' told her that she need to develop a better way of greeting and entertaining people and when she developed it she would work with him all the time and travel with him and earn much more money.
