 This is the fifth in a series of "Diane and John" stories. They are about a young girl's introduction to love and sexuality by an older man. "Part 1 - Diane" is her version of the story. "Part 2 - John" is the same story from his perspective. Diane and John hope you enjoy both versions.

___________________________________

Part 1 - Diane

When I'd gotten up that morning, I had been so sore. I'd never even been able to get even a finger or a tampon in my vagina before, and that big, hard penis of John's had barged around in there so wonderfully the night before ... well, no wonder I hurt. 

The day had started with an exhilarating drive to the coast in a little red sports car. I'd loved the feeling of the wind in my hair, going fast, having fun. I loved the driver, too. I didn't even mind having to sit on a slightly sore pussy.

John had found a very nice motel in Bodega Bay, and we'd walked on the beach and sat by the pool for much of the afternoon.

The high point of the day had been when we came in from the pool. John had kissed my pussy lovingly and just the way I'd come to like it. He had teased me, thrilled me, and made me wait until I thought I was going to go crazy if he didn't let me come. When he finally did, my orgasm was long and wonderful. 

As soon as I'd had recovered from that beautiful climax, I returned the favor by sucking his penis. I wanted to give him a cock sucking that would be as good for him as the pussy kissing had been for me.

I was learning that giving someone you love pleasure is almost as good as getting it yourself. Almost. I knew that John had been teasing when he said I had the potential to be a "world class cocksucker," but that I needed practice. I was serious about it, though, and I intended to get all the practice he would let me have. I knew he'd had many women before I came along, but I was determined to give him more love and pleasure than all the others combined. Besides, I liked the feeling of his hot penis in my mouth and the way I could make it throb, jerk, and spurt.

I'd given John's penis a very loving sucking, and he seemed nicely satisfied. I'd been much neater than the first time I tried it, and I didn't get come in my hair and all over my face. I had swallowed every drop and was quite proud of myself. I'd loved the feeling of getting him huge and making him gush semen into my mouth. Come wasn't the greatest thing I'd ever tasted, but it wasn't bad, and I really enjoyed getting it. 

Satisfied and sleepy, we had gotten into bed for a nap. I'd slept in my lover's arms for almost two hours, until we were awakened by a crash of thunder. A storm had come in while we'd been loving and sleeping.

We had a nice picnic dinner of finger food and lots of champagne in bed while we watched a science fiction movie. The movie wasn't very good, but I loved the food, champagne, and my companion.

After we finished eating and cleared away the debris, we were sitting in the bed, watching the movie. John had his arm around me, and he said, "Sweetie, do you really want to watch any more of this movie?"

I said, "It really isn't much good, is it? What else did you have in mind?"

"I've been thinking about something you might like," he said. "How about a good fucking?"

I giggled, nodded my head, and got out of bed to go brush my teeth.

I came back into the bedroom, and light from two candles gave a nice romantic glow. John was in bed waiting for me, and he pulled the covers aside. I stepped out of my slippers and slid into bed next to him. The sheets were cool and his body was warm; a nice contrast. 

He pulled me almost roughly to him, and held me very tightly as we kissed. He seems just as anxious for this as I am. How wonderful. 

He kissed me deeply, and in no time I was kissing him back with equal passion. We were both trying to get even closer to the other. Our arms around each other, legs intertwined, tongues sharing, his penis growing big and hard between us, my pussy moistening. Oh, I want him so much. 

John managed to get the little nightie off me without breaking our kiss, and we were warmly, wonderfully naked together. 

The nightie sure didn't stay on very long. When we're lying together like this, it doesn't matter that I'm sixteen inches shorter than he is. When we're in bed, we're just the same size. Perfect.

I could feel John's warm penis poking my tummy, so I reached between us and took him in my hand. He was fully erect, hot, and throbbing. John said my hand felt cool and exciting. Ohhh, my wonderful cock is ready for me. Am I ever ready for him!  

John put his hand between my legs and I parted my thighs eagerly to give him access to me. His finger found my cleft, then my entrance, and he slid it deep into my waiting vagina.

"Your pussy is very wet already, Baby," he whispered.

"And you're warm and hard, Darling. I think they're ready for each other."

He said, "They're definitely ready, but what about foreplay?"

"What's that?"

"Foreplay involves the gentleman stroking, kissing, and otherwise stimulating the lady in order to get her in the mood for sexual intercourse."

I giggled and said, "I guess you forgot to tell me what it was called. It seems like we do that all the time. I think we've we've been doing foreplay continually for about two days. I sure don't need any more stimulation, and I couldn't possibly be any more in the mood, Lover."

John told me to get up, turn around, and straddle him. I didn't understand what he meant, but I got to my hands and knees beside him and faced the foot of the bed. The next thing I knew, I was picked up and put back down with my knees on either side of his chest. After he positioned me, I felt his mouth on my pussy and a warm, wet tongue searching for my entrance.

I saw his erect cock right in front of my face, and it didn't take me long get the idea. I took a warm penis in my mouth to match the warm tongue in my pussy. Oh, this is wonderful. I would never have thought of this. We can .... do each other at the same time. I think I can get more of him into my mouth at this angle. What his tongue is doing to my pussy is wonderful, and being able to suck him at the same time makes it even better. Mmmm, I love having a mouthful of cock and a vagina full of tongue.

When John started licking my clitoris, I immediately started feeling those first little tinglings that could start me towards an orgasm. I didn't know if he wanted me to come, and I couldn't ask because I had a mouthful of hot, throbbing penis. 

I just let his tongue on my button carry me and tried to give him as much pleasure as possible. It was hard to concentrate, though, and I may have scraped him with my teeth a little. I bobbed my head, licked, and sucked and fondled his testicles with my fingers. I must have been doing well, because he was as hard as a brick, throbbing, and the slippery stuff was flowing continuously.

What John was doing to my button was driving me towards a climax, and sucking his cock made me even more excited. I knew I was going to come, and I just let it happen. My sounds of pleasure were muffled because I was trying to do it around a mouthful of penis.

Finally, I was right on the edge of going over. I was going to come, and there was no going back. I took John's penis out of my mouth, afraid I might lose control and bite him. 

When I fell into that wonderful sea of orgasm, I forgot all about the throbbing cock lying against my cheek. I heard myself squeal, and after that it was just  orgasm, orgasm, orgasm.

I had just started to come down when John picked me up and turned me around. The next thing I knew, I was on my back, legs apart, and the tip of his penis was searching for my entrance. 

John gave a push, and he slid a little ways in, opening me as he went. A couple of pushes more, and I had the full, hot, throbbing length of that wonderful penis buried inside me. I may not be a virgin anymore, but he still feels huge. I love the feeling of being full and stretched. I hope he never makes me so big inside that I don't feel that. 

I had John's entire penis in my pussy, and I could feel his testicles against my bottom. I hadn't completely finished the orgasm from having my clitoris licked, and before he even started moving inside me I was coming again.

John held still inside me, and I could feel the walls of my vagina squeeze his cock as my orgasm consumed me. My pussy would squeeze-relax-squeeze, milking him, as the waves of my climax flowed through me. 

My bells rang, I saw red and yellow flashes although my eyes were tightly closed, I was making noises between clenched teeth, I was straining with my mind and body to go ever higher and prolong my wonderful orgasm.

As I started to come down from my peak, John was sliding his penis slowly in and out of me. That kept my orgasm going, although he was letting me very gradually come down. Rather than coming down from my peak with a crash, he made it a long, sweet wonderfully prolonged downward spiral. 

When I was back to normal, John slid his penis out of me. Then he got from between my legs and lay down on his side close to me. I felt that wonderful, warm cock filling me again.

With me on my back and John on his side, our bodies were at an angle, and since he wasn't between my legs we couldn't get face to face. I was a little disappointed that we couldn't kiss in that position, but I soon found out that there were some wonderful advantages. 

John started moving big, warm Herman in and out of my pussy, and it was totally, absolutely, incredibly, fabulously wonderful. He would pull him out until only the tip was inside me, then slide back in until I was full of him and being wonderfully stretched again. 

When we had done it with John on top of me, Herman had slid along my clitoris with every stroke, and I was almost constantly either building up to an orgasm, having one, or coming down from one. That was wonderful, but in this new position, my button wasn't being constantly rubbed, so I could enjoy the lovely feeling of being fucked without the urgency of a climax.

My vocabulary has sure degenerated in the past day or so. No, that's not a dirty word when used to describe what's happening to me right now. I'm being gloriously fucked by the man I love, and there's nothing dirty about that. It's the most wonderful thing that ever happened to me. Oh, God, how I love him fucking me. Ohhhh, if he keeps that up I'm going to go over! No, I don't want to come yet, I want to float on my cloud of ecstacy. 

He didn't go as deep in that position, so that exciting and slightly painful feeling of having my insides moved around wasn't as strong. The new position was every bit as wonderful as having him on top of me, but in a different way. It was a more sweet and gentle way to make love. I whispered what I was feeling and thinking to John.

He whispered, "Baby, this way I don't feel so much urgency either, and that will make it last longer. Are you comfortable? You promise to tell me if you're getting sore."

"I'm very comfortable, and I'd like this to last forever. Ooohh, that Astroglide makes it so smooth. Are there lots of different ways to make love, Darling?"

"There are about as many ways to make love as people are willing to try, Sweetheart."

I said, "Can we try them all? Will you teach me all those ways?"

"Well, there are some things that are a little far out and probably painful that I think we could do without, but I'd love to show you the ways I think are best. We'll try everything and see what's best for us."

"Oh, John, Lover, I love what you're doing to my nipples. You can't use your hands on me when you're on top. This way I get your big, warm cock in my pussy and your hands on me, too. What you're doing to my nipples is really exciting. It kind of adds to the pleasure you're giving my pussy. I wish you could kiss me, though. Is it okay to call your penis a cock?"

"You can call my cock anything you want, Baby. That's the nice thing about different positions. Different ways to enjoy and love each other. I think you're learning something else that's very loving and intimate; talking while making love. Do you like that?"

He was right. Our whispered conversation about very intimate things was definitely adding to the lovely physical feelings. "I love talking with you like this. It is okay to talk dirty when we're making love? I'd like to hear you talk about fucking me. Tell me what it's like to fuck me, John."

"Oh, Baby, that feels so wonderful. Your little pussy is so hot and tight on my cock. I love fucking you. Ooohh, do I love fucking you!"

John stroked Herman into me very fast and deep a few times, then held him deep inside me. I felt him get bigger than ever, throbbing and jerking. Then there was that hot, wet feeling spreading through my pussy. 

He held still and shrank a little, then started stroking in and out again. After a few strokes he was as big and hard as ever, and a stream of semen was starting to run out of me, down the crack of my behind, and a puddle was forming on the sheet.

"Darling, did you just gusher into me? Lots of those little parts of you to swim around inside me?"

"Honey, your pussy is so tight and warm that I feel like coming all the time. It got so intense I had to let off some of the pressure. You got your few million of my sperm, and now I don't feel such an urgent need to come."

"It can't possibly last long enough, Lover," I whispered. "I could never get enough of this. I'm afraid you're pumping your semen out of me, though. I can feel it running out. I hope there will still be some sperms left up inside me."

"I don't think you're in any danger of running out of sperm, Baby. I'll give you some more soon. I can feel it running out of you, too. Some of it's flowing over my balls. We're making a lovely mess down there, and it's going to get a lot messier. Hope you don't mind."

"Mind? I love it. I love your semen in my pussy. It makes it so smooth and warm. It even feels sexy running out of me. It's making a puddle."

John slid his hand from my breasts down over my tummy and stroked my mound. With what was going on in my vagina, everything felt sexy. He slid a finger down my cleft and gathered up some of the slipppery mixture that was flowing out of me and spread it around on my nipples. Wow, does that ever feel good! Then he put a fingertip on my button, and a little jolt of electric excitement went through me. He started stroking the length of my clitoris very, very gently with his fingertip while he slowly fucked me.

"Lover, do you have any idea what that's doing to me? I feel like I'm going to jump out of my skin. I don't think I can stand that much longer. Oooohhhhhh, please don't stop. Don't stop! If you stroked my button just a tiny bit harder or fucked me a little faster I think I'd go over. What you're doing is just keeping me on the edge. Don't stop, don't stop, please. I know you like to tease me, but are you trying to drive me crazy? Oh, God, I can't stand it, I've got to come. Darling, let me come, pleeeeease."

He didn't say anything and didn't change what he was doing. I was just at the edge of an orgasm, and I wanted so badly to come. I was trying to strain to get myself over, but that didn't work, and John just kept sliding his fingertip very, very gently along my button and fucking me slowly, with long strokes. It was wonderful, but I was about to go crazy from wanting to come. He told me to relax and let it happen. I just lay there with my eyes closed, and tried to relax, relax, enjoy, enjoy. 

I could feel my orgasm coming from a long way off. Like it was a car far in the distance on a straight road, coming towards me so slowly that I could hardly tell it was getting closer, but I knew it was eventually going to arrive. As I lay there that car kept nearing me, and my pleasure and excitement gathered as it approached. It was almost there, and I think I would have died if John had stopped what he was doing. I told him not to stop, whatever he did. Maybe I just thought I said it. 

John didn't stop, and neither did the approaching car that was my climax. I felt my face get hot, and it was almost on me. I had my mouth wide open, breathing in gasps as I welcomed it. As my orgasm ran over me I could hear a long, low growl that I knew was coming from me. 

This one was unlike any I'd had before. It was a combined pussy, penis, button, finger orgasm that engulfed my whole body. It just flowed up and down me, time after wonderful time. When I'd had those monster climaxes, the ecstacy was so powerful that I couldn't sustain it for very long, and it was almost a relief to start coming down. This one was so wonderfully sweet, though, that I didn't want it to ever end. John kept it going on and on, until he finally took his finger off my clitoris to let me come back down to earth. My, God, another new kind of climax! I wish there were words to describe it. I'd love to be able to tell John what he just did to me.

I couldn't tell him, but I'm sure he had a pretty good idea of what had just happened to me. He stroked my cheek and told me he loved me. "Did you have a nice come, Baby?"

"Oooohhhhh, Darling, Darling, that was so wonderful. I can't believe the things you do to me. Every time we make love I feel things that I didn't know I could feel. It is possible to have too many orgasms? I't hate it if something that wonderful was bad for me."

"I don't think you need to worry about overdoing orgasms, Sweetheart. You could probably have one after another until you're exhaused. If I think you're about to OD, I'll stop doing whatever is causing them. That won't happen, though, I'm sure."

He continued to stroke big, warm Herman in and out of my pussy, and I could feel it when he would get close to his climax. He would hold very still inside me, throbbing and jerking until he cooled off, then start that wonderful fucking again. We went on and on like that, stroking my pussy with his penis, caressing my breasts and tummy, stroking my cheek. We whispered words and sounds of love and pleasure to each other, and it was just like paradise. 

He took some of the semen that was flowing from me on his finger and put it to my lips, and I greedily sucked and licked his finger clean. I did the same for him. That was a wonderful position, and I knew that he could bring me to a climax in about two seconds by touching my button. I was even tempted to do it myself, but I'd never tried it before while we were making love. 

When we had made love the night before, it was a fabulous new experience. Everything was new, exciting, and wonderful. This time, my second time, I was able to really experience the deeper, sweeter wonders of sex. I was able to appreciate what a wonderful, loving experience it really was. It was every bit as exciting as my first time, but there was more, much more.

I don't know how long we stayed in that position, but it went on for a long, delicious time. We continued until I was starting to get sore. Big, warm Herman had been going in and out of me so long that I was getting rubbed a little raw at my entrance. I sure didn't want to stop, but I was afraid it would get so bad that we wouldn't be able to do it again until I healed. Now that I had learned the joys of making love, I didn't want anything to interfere with my getting it as often as possible.

John must have been reading my mind, because he pulled out of me and got between my legs with his weight on his hands. I opened wide and pulled my knees up. His penis was sticking straight out like a fat, wet flagpole, and I watched as it sought my entrance. I still can't get used to the idea that something so big can go into me. 
