 Copyright 2002. All rights reserved.

I was tragically orphaned at the age of eighteen, yet despite this I managed to finish my examinations, which I hoped would get me entry to a university hospital to study medicine I was very fortunate that I was given temporary accommodation by my Godparents and their two highly attractive daughters.

Sarah was a contemporary of mine and we had been good friends for a long time, both before and after leaving school, but her sister Rita was two years older and at twenty was very much more interested in men and immediately on joining the household I was left in little doubt that I was her next victim. Both girls were highly attractive, tall willowy blondes, but Rita in particular favoured short skirts masses of make-up and all the latest fashions.

I really fancied both girls, but because I was a guest in the house I thought it strictly inappropriate to make a move on either of the girls. Their parents Ralph and Joan were really nice people and had given me the 'granny flat' which was completely self contained and had its own private entrance. It gave me a measure of freedom, but I did however, eat with the family and mix with them on a daily basis.

Rita made every effort to corner me when her parents were not around, with great success on most occasions. She would pin me in corners, grope me under the table at meal times and generally take every possible opportunity to be with me when her parents were not around. Even locking my bedroom door at night did not completely deter her. She found a spare key, and would join me in my bedroom when the family had retired for the night, but I was totally responsible and we never got past the snogging stage and when one day in desperation, knowing full well that I was losing my self control and seeking some respite, I bolted the door, then I found that the next day she had removed the bolt. I resisted all temptations to go as far as she wanted out of respect for her parents and their kindness towards me and I steadfastly refused to go past the heavy petting stage. She would then retire to bed in a huff. I would lie there totally frustrated and calling myself a fool.

One day Ralph suggested that I might like to help out at his law firm, which would give me a chance to study the law relating to medical ethics when things were quiet. I accepted this gratefully. The job would fill the vacation, but above all, it would get me away from his nymphomaniac daughter, at least I thought during the day times. Never since, have I come across a woman so single minded, in her search of sexual gratification.

It was therefore, with great relief that her father had offered me this temporary post, but alas I had not been told, or bargained on the fact that I would be the only male clerk, in a totally female oriented establishment. Now, despite my reservations about Rita, I really enjoyed female company, both socially, and to work with. Under normal circumstances, for me to work with all these delightful 

females was something like giving an alcoholic a job in a brewery. But on this occasion I had the added stress of having to keep Rita at arms length, so I began to feel a little desperate. The girls though, were delightful and very kind to me in almost every way.

From the very beginning I was treated well, even pampered, but I soon began to realise that this was the period, when the female of the species, were juggling for position. I soon became overwhelmed by their kindness, but it did not take me long to realise that these girls were very sexually aware, and that each one of them in their own inimitable way was weighing me up as a possible victim for their next amorous adventure. I heard at a later date that one of the girls ran a book on who would be the first to get me.

It was not long before I began to wish (well sometimes) that I had stayed at home with Rita. One I could cope with, but now I had five more, whose burning desire seemed to me, to get me into bed at the first opportunity. I had seriously begun to wonder whether it was something in the water which was causing the problem, or whether my cloistered education, and limited exposure to society had not prepared me for the female dominated environment in which I now seemed to find myself.

At first I even considered joining a monastery, but the thought of absolute abstinence was an even worse fate. Then I considered very briefly, announcing to the world that I was gay, but the idea that I might have to flutter my eyelids at any passing half attractive male, to make the role more convincing also had its drawbacks, even dangers, and might well land me in even more trouble.

A well meaning friend suggested that I go to stay in America until my examination results came through. A solution that I considered seriously, and which had its attractions, especially when he

convinced me that all American women were known for their gentility and sportsman like behaviour, and always gave their menfolk at least ten yards start.

This idea was knocked on the head when another friend pointed out that this rule only applied in a remote corner of Idaho, and that only the thirty second day of each month. The rest of American womanhood was even more demanding and rapacious than their English cousins and that was why most American men looked so "knackered" most of the time. Well that is what he told me!.

In the end, I concluded that the only course of action was for me was to submit to one of the girls; throw myself on her mercy, let her have her wicked way with me, if she insisted and perhaps, if I was very good she would protect me from the wiles of her colleagues. Having made my decision on a Friday, I rested all day Saturday and Sunday. Took all my vitamins, ate plenty of steaks, said my prayers, kept away from Rita (fortunately it was the right time of the month and she was strangely subdued ) and on the Monday morning duly presented myself for work unusually refreshed.

Now during my brief period of employment, I had heard much about Diana. The girl who had been away on vacation with her boyfriend in Vegas for three weeks, but who was now returning at last to work. Now when Diana walked into the office that Monday morning I was literally "gob smacked". She was a real vision of loveliness; her long blonde hair contrasted with the bronze tan of her skin, hung down her back almost to her waist. Her red silk blouse barely covering her prominent

bosom, rippled seductively as she moved; her short black skirt emphasised her perfect legs and thighs, encased in black silk stockings. 

She looked at me with her dazzling blue eyes, and I felt my knees turn to water as she smiled, yet her eyes were serious in their intensity, as they weighed me up, just lingering on my crotch briefly, to determine what effect, if any, that she was having on me. Then the smile spread to her eyes.

"Hi Tony." She said giving me her super smile, as she held out her hand to me to shake. "I'm feeling better already, you're certainly worth coming back to work for." I could feel myself blushing, my knees shaking, as I muttered. "Hi Diana." It took hours for me to get my equilibrium back; but, I got on well with Diana from the very start. I liked her, and I admit I fancied her, but, reluctantly I quickly concluded that she was way out of my league. I loved looking at her, watching the expressions flit across her face as she worked and talked with the other girls. I was utterly besotted with her.

Apparently she told us, she had left her boyfriend behind in Vegas. He had had a big win on the tables, and to Diana's dismay, he had disappeared with a local girl, who had designs on more than just his winnings. But somehow and to my relief, she did not seem terribly heart-broken, she seemed more to be damned annoyed at being abandoned. Her pride was hurt and now she was seeking consolation

The pressure on me, from the other girls had seemed to subside since Diana had returned to work. She was I soon discovered, definitely "top cat", in the office, although she was not the Supervisor, she was the one who called the shots where anything important was concerned. She was definitely leader of the pack and she called the tune..

My adventures with Diana started one morning, just a week after she had returned. Diana was told to take me into one of the empty rooms to check the months invoices. It was one of those jobs where two people could work quicker than one person on their own. Mary the Supervisor told us quite firmly. "Lock the door and don't come out until the job is done. It's very urgent" This instruction resulted in a chorus of bantering from the other girls, and offers to change places. Diana, as was to be expected was playing to the gallery, as she put her arms round me hugging me close to her as she led me from the room, she called over her shoulder playfully.

"See you tomorrow morning girls!"

As I followed her down the passageway, my heart beat with joy and trepidation at the thought of being all alone with her. I thought that Diana, was looking particularly attractive that morning. She was wearing a fairly short, perhaps too short, some might say, (but I don't) flowered summer dress

with a low cut cleavage, and I suspected that she was not wearing a bra. She was wearing very high heeled suede shoes, and with her blonde hair hanging down her back, tied with a black velvet bow she looked a vision of loveliness. With the door locked, and sitting side by side, we worked quickly and

Efficiently until the job was done.

Diana much to my dismay, had behaved herself impeccably, although sitting next to her, caused me to have a series of erections. Diana had insisted on sitting very close to me, and seemed to be taking every reasonable opportunity to rub up against me. I must admit at the time, I thought she was just being her usual tease, until, suddenly she leaned back in her chair. Looking at me and smiling as she said. " I think were nearly finished, so let's take a break and fuck. You do fancy me don't you Tony dear?"

As she spoke, she had quite deliberately placed her hand in my groin, gently squeezing the

lump that was so obvious. A smile crossed her face at what she had discovered. I felt myself blushing. "Of course I do, I think you're lovely" I told her, in my weak voice. "So you don't mind if the girl takes the initiative, - you're not going to be offended then.?" She asked.

As she was speaking, she had snuggled up against me even closer, her right hand was undoing my pants and reaching inside for my cock. It did not take much finding, as it almost jumped into her hand in it's eagerness to be free. Her left arm was round my shoulder, as she kissed me very passionately on the lips. "My panties are all wet sitting next to you.- so I hope that you are going to do something about it aren't you??" She murmured.I gasped, as her hand started to squeeze my penis, which was now very large and completely out of control.

"I want a closer look - you don't mind do you?" She asked

Without waiting for my response, she had pulled my pants right open. allowing my cock to spring fully into view. "Wow that's a big one - I bet your girl friend is very happy with that!" She said, as she fondled it gently. "I don't have a girl friend" I told Diana shyly. "You do now - any time you want me " Diana replied throatily. "You can take my panties off, if you want to do something useful." 

She told me, dragging me to my feet. and starting to unbutton my shirt. stepped out of my pants, then I lifted her dress, easing her panties down. She was right, her panties were wet, taking advantage, I placed my hand lightly on her pussy, she shuddered slightly, threw her arms round my neck and kissed me passionately.

Kneeling down, I lifted each foot in turn, taking her shoes off, and slipping the wet panties over her feet to the floor. I lifted her dress, slipping my hand again, between her legs to feel her warm, wet

swollen love tunnel. I pushed her legs apart, her dress dropping over my head, as I kissed her pussy lips tenderly. Then gently I inserted my tongue and searched diligently for her little bud. It did not take long before I found it, I teased it gently feeling it grow even bigger very quickly.

Her moans of pleasure was loud, and sweet music to my ears, as she slipped her dress over her head, to join my abandoned clothes, now littered all over the floor. Diana still standing, and now totally 

naked except for her stockings, held the back of my head, ensuring that I still worked on her vagina. I felt her body movements increase, helping my tongue in it's task. I knew from her moans of pleasure that I was doing a good job.

After a few minutes in which she had a couple of small orgasms, and her movements became even wilder, Diana pushed me to the floor. Her hands moved to my groin, they were warm and moist as they fondled my erection. But I wanted to play with her breasts, the breasts that I had so much admired for so long, so I eased back, so that I could cup them feeling and enjoying the hardness of her nipples. I bent and sucked and nibbled the nipples gently, as one of my hands moved to play and fondle her enlarged clitoris, now very much wetter. Diana was giving loud moans intermingled with coos of pleasure. I wrapped my arms tightly around her neck enjoying the closeness of her body, and

her hands as she continued to play with my cock. Her lips clamped on to mine, kissing me quite passionately ; her tongue forcibly pushing my lips apart, as her passion took control.

Diana forcibly pushed me on my back on the carpeted floor, and leaned over me to kiss my eyes, and to nuzzle my face and ears. My eyes were closed, but I could feel her beautiful blonde hair. on my hands, as I untied her velvet bow allowing the thick waves to cascade over me, as Diana decided that playtime was now over, and that we should now get down to the real business of the day.

Easing up, she took my cock, directing it towards her pussy gradually, and very carefully she took me inside her, as she settled down. I could feel her soft damp warmness, embracing and enclosing

me. I revelled in the sensations she giving me For a while she just sat there looking down, enjoying the closeness of our bodies. 

For a time she sat there almost erect, leaning her hands on my shoulders as she slowly and gently began to move up and down. Her eyes still gazing down at me were happy and relaxed. "Is that nice?" She asked, not giving me time to answer as again she placed her lips on to mine. This time her kiss was harder more passionate, almost with a hint of desperation, as our increasing passion took control. Her tongue was probing harder, forcing it's way into my mouth.

I rolled her over on to her back, burying myself even deeper inside her, as I deliberately slowed the tempo down, moving in and out of her very slowly; she locked her legs tightly around my thighs. "Oh Diana...." I whispered, as my passion and feelings for her took control. She clutched at me, her nails digging into my back, then her arms locked tight around my neck as her orgasm's started to come once more. "Ohhhh....Tony - Don't stop.. noooo"

She jerked against me frantically, her body in orbit, and I was sure that her shouts must be heard over the whole building, but I did not care. I too, was groaning and gasping for breath, as my body jerked

hard against her as finally, I exploded inside her; her muscles tightened around my cock, held me firmly in place inside her. For a time we lay still, rolling on our side on the hard carpeted floor. I gazed into her eyes without speaking, as we kissed. The perspiration running down our naked bodies, squelching slightly as we moved apart. Her head resting on my shoulder.

"That was fantastic. " She murmured. "But you're still hard." she said in amazement. Her body starting to tremble again as she maintained the grip on my cock, still locked inside her. Her breathing was harsh in my ear. "You don't want to again - you mean that you can?" she whispered

incredulity in her voice. She was still gasping for breath "There will be other times, " she whispered. "I'm sorry darling, but time is against us."

Just then, there was a knock on the door. Mary the Supervisor called. "Are you two OK - are you finished yet?" Diana replied to my utter horror. "Nearly finished Mary we're just going to get dressed."

"Why did you tell her that." I whispered, as panic shot through me. "It's the truth -isn't it darling? Diana responded with a laugh. as she hugged me against her. "Yes but" - "Yes, but do you think anyone would have believed us, if we told them nothing had happened?" Diana whispered as she kissed me gently on the ear. 

"That is the gentle art of the double bluff.- Now they will probably believe that nothing did happen, because they would expect us to deny it. - But we both know different, don't we?" We got dressed quickly, Diana quickly restored her make up, and carefully wiped her lipstick off my face and we went back to join the girls in the general office where we were greeted with cheers, as Diana playing to the gallery.said in a very loud voice.

" I'm sorry I've got to go back I've left my panties on the chair." The office erupted into gales of laughter, as Diana made as if to go back to the office we had used. But by now, my morale and confidence was sky high, and taking my cue from Diana, I called out after her. 

"No Did you didn't, you weren't wearing any. Don't you remember?"

THE END

PS: I never did get to Medical School but that is another story!