 Best friends since middle school, they spent as much time together as possible, which these days were difficult. Laura lived on the Gulf Coast in Florida and Diana was stuck in Virginia, near the capital.

While they would text each other daily, they hadn't seen each other in over a year. Laura was a single mother, while Diana was the devoted wife, although her marriage was more of a living arrangement with no benefits. The only passion in her marriage was what Diana could make up in her head, and she had an active imagination.

Her financial situation allowed her time to do the things she wanted. She drove a nice car, had a nice home and travelled when she wanted. Maybe not first class, but still, she could get away when needed. Lately, she had been needing to get away a lot more.

She volunteered her time as often as possible and even helped out a friend who needed a smiling face for a New York Expo. She found out about the city in a hurry. Few people knew how to respond to someone who greeted them politely and smiled when doing so. It worked to her advantage as the sales generated from that expo helped set a new record for the business.

She was offered a full time position, but declined assuming her husband would object. Which would've been correct. No wife of his was going to work except from around the house. An old mentality, but one that still existed. At least in Virginia.

While at the expo, she found herself on her phone quite a bit. When no one was at her booth, she'd found an app that allowed her the opportunity to chat, play, even share photos with family, friends, even strangers. 

She struck up several conversations with what she thought were attractive men only to find most wanted her to send pictures of herself naked within five minutes of chatting. While the thought of sharing her naked body wasn't objectionable, the asking was, until she chatted with one man in particular. 

He was attractive in his own way. Salt and pepper hair and goatee. Dark sun glasses, arms folded and leaning against a tree. His broad shoulders lead to what appeared to be a fit waist. Aside from that there was little else to go on. She took a chance and invited him to play a game. Almost instantly, he accepted and typed a quick thank you for the invitation.

At least he's polite she would think. As the game continued, she found his wit amusing, almost charming. Somehow, she felt at ease with him, as if he got her. Knew what she was thinking and wanting, without being obtrusive. She could see herself doing more than chatting with him. He helped open her eyes to what she deserves and Diana was headstrong enough to go after it. While she never met that handsome stranger, she stayed in touch via the app. 

Meanwhile, she had finished her work in New York, having turned down many male suitors, instead, letting her hands and imagination satisfy her needs. She even watched a little porn on her phone at his suggestion. She came harder than she had ever before.  

Now that she was home, she shared the porn video with her husband and received a good old fashion fucking like she hadn't had in years. Instead of it leading to more frequency however, it raised his suspicions and they fell right back into the hole their marriage was in. Lack of sex, affection, passion. You name it, it lacked it.

A few months later, she decided to visit Laura. The Florida sunshine did wonders for her mental health as did the cocktails. They would lay out by her pool, sunbathing naked. While Laura had a six foot high privacy fence, they women cared little if anyone wanted to peek over and get an eyeful. Besides, Diana was drinking and feeling loose and cocky and really wanted some cock.

After a couple of days of catching up, they went out to a bar, drinking, dancing, laughing. They met many men of all ages, sizes, colors, ethnicities. They all wanted to get with the two ladies who were making it very clear they were on the prowl. Then came a younger black man. He was average height, and build. There was nothing overly special about him other than his age.

His youthful appearance attracted the two women. His casual demeanor aided their desires and they wound up taking him to Laura's house. It started innocent enough, a drink and casual conversation while sitting on the couch. Laura, being the single woman sat next to him. She put her hand on his thigh signaling her willingness. While he may not have as much experience as the women he was with, he knew what that touch meant. It meant GO!

He put his drink down, took hers out of her hand and placed it on the coffee table next to his. He leaned over and kissed Laura, who reached up, putting her arms around him and pulling him on top of her. His large hands reached up and caressed her breasts though her clothes before removing her top and exposing her Victoria's secret bra.

Diana sat back on the love seat and lifted one leg to rest on the cushion as she watched Laura and her Nubian playboy kiss and fondle each other. She continued to sip on her drink and made herself comfortable. 

At first she felt awkward but that quickly faded away. She had never thought of watching others have sex before aside from a porno, but to watch it live, as it was happening awakened a force in her she didn't know existed. Her eyes feasted on their movements. Hands, arms, mouths, tongues, all were in action. 

Laura let him undress her first, his mouth quickly sucking on her nipples. She leaned her head back and moaned softly telling him how good it felt as her hands and fingernails gently scratched his back. He paused only long enough to remove his clothes. His dark skin shining in the light. 

Diana noticed her muscular shoulders as he turned Laura around on the couch. She took time to enjoy his physique visually, telling him to turn around so she could see his cock before he fucked her friend from behind. His cock was erect and very hard. Diana got off the love seat and kneeled in front of him. 

She reached up and took his black cock into her mouth, lubing him up before taking his cock and putting it in Laura's pussy. Not that he needed any lube as Laura was already soaking wet from watching Diana suck him off.

Diana sat back on the love seat and watched as his cock slid in and out of Laura's pussy. She watched her friends face as he moved and gyrated. She pushing back as he thrust forward. He grabbed her hair and pulled her head back and leaned in to kiss her once more. The sweat began to bead up on their bodies. 

Diana reached to the sides of her shirt and removed her top and bra before sliding out of her pants. She stood up and massaged her breasts, pulling and tugging on her nipples. Laura watched her friend as she continued to get pounded from behind. Before long, Diana removed her panties and sat once again on the love seat. 

This time she spread her legs apart and rubbed her clit. Slowly at first, parting her lips and gently fingering herself. To no surprise to herself, she was also soaking wet. One finger became two as he began to finger fuck herself. She stared at Laura as she did, licking her lips before she removed her fingers to taste herself. Laura reached between her thighs and rubber her own clit while her dusky jewel continued to thrust.

Feeling her hand on her pussy, he pulled his cock out and walked towards Diana, who slid down on the love seat and lifted her legs in the air. He wasted no time and slid his cock inside her and immediately began pumping her hard. 

Each stroke brought a heightened sensation to her loins. Her breathing coming in gasps as his cock pressed deep inside her. Now it was Laura's turn to watch her friend get fucked, and like Diana, she found herself rubbing her clit as she watched. Harder and faster her fingers pleasured herself. Harder and faster this dark knight fucked Diana.

Back and forth he went between the two women. Each taking their turns with him. When one was getting fucked, the other was touching, kissing and playing until he was unable to hold out any longer. As he pulled out and told them he was going to cum, they each got on their knees and took turns sucking on him, waiting for his sperm to eject and cover their mouths and faces.

The final stroke came and he exploded. Laura took the majority of his cum, sharing with Diana as they kissed each other. Their tongues twirling and their hands touching one another. It was as if they'd been doing this all their lives. Laura pushed Diana to the couch and spread her legs and began kissing her inner thigh and working her way to Diana's incredibly wet vagina. 

She licked and sucked on her clit as expertly as Diana had ever felt, maybe even better than anyone before. Diana grabbed her breasts and tugged on her nipples once more, but Laura's expert tongue was just too good. She placed her hands on Laura's head and held her there as she came in a screaming orgasm. Bucking and grinding against her best friends tongue, Diana came twice more. Short, powerful orgasms. She collapsed on the couch trying to catch her breath.

Laura went back to her manly guest and stroked his cock back to life before climbing on top of him and riding like a cowgirl. Up and down she moved before eventually turning herself around and taking his cock in her ass. While he pumped her there, she reached down and rubbed her clit fast and furiously. 

Diana sat and watched this black man pump her like a piston in a well lubed engine. She watched her friends hand rubbing and playing with herself and Diana had to reach between her legs once more. Each moaning loudly, unknowingly spurring one another on to their own fantastic orgasms. 

Diana came first with such intensity she squirted her juices all over. Laura heard Diana as she came and saw what happened. Not realizing how much this might turn her on, she came almost immediately herself. The man of the hour kept pumping until he too came once more. 

As they three of them lay back and caught their breath, Laura and Diana began to giggle. Their guest just sat and smiled until he decided to leave for home. Laura offered to take him, but he declined saying he'll meet a friend and have them take him instead. He gave them his number and Laura simply said thanks before closing the door behind him.

Too tired to do much else, the woman each put their shirt and underwear back on. Laura grabbed a bottle of wine from the refrigerator and poured a couple of glasses and they watched tv before falling asleep.