 I'm a breast man, always have been. I especially love a nice pair of tits on a woman of some maturity, tits that have some experience, nipples that have suckled babies, nipples with dark areolae that swell and wrinkle to the touch. The size of the breasts are less important than the sensitivity. I love a woman who gets excited by extended breast play. I actually prefer breasts of modest size, as long as the nipples are responsive.

Diana was not particularly attractive to me. We were part of a group of teachers, most of us single, who met on Fridays at a road house just outside of town. We'd have a few drinks, hit the free appetizer bar to eat calamari and Swedish meatballs, then head for home. Sometimes there were as many as twenty of us.

I didn't know Diana well. We taught at different schools. I really hadn't noticed her until one of these Friday afternoons we ended up seated next each other by chance. We had a pleasant enough conversation. I learned she was divorced, raising a pair of teen-aged boys alone. She had married young and I guessed her age at somewhere near 45, about 15 years older than me. She had a pleasant face with a little too much makeup. She was a large woman, and when I say large, I mean her stockily built frame was topped with a massive pair of tits. They had to be 46 inches or more and I wouldn't even hazard a guess at what letter would be on her bra size. They were truly massive. 

We found common ground for conversation beyond work. We were both avid listeners of classical music. I told her one of my favorite ways to spend the remainder of a Friday evening, after happy hour, was to go home, turn off the lights and lay on the floor with a set of headphones on, listening to my favorite records. She said that sounded wonderful but that her house was just too chaotic for that. She said she didn't have headphones, had never tried them. I told her there was nothing better than good headphones paired with great music. I offered to let her come by my place sometime to give it a try. I had two sets of Klipsch headphones, not the very top of their line but still expensive.

Diana excused herself to make a phone call. This was in the days before cell phones. When she returned, I was getting getting ready to leave. She said, "what about tonight? The boys are in for the night and I told them I'd stop and pay for a delivered pizza. I'm free for the evening."

"Sure," I said. "Tonight's good. Let's do it." I wrote directions out on bar napkin. She said to give her half an hour. That left me enough time to stop on my way home to pick up a bottle of Liebfraumilch, the wine she had been drinking.

I did a quick cleanup in the kitchen and had just opened the wine when I saw the lights of Diana's car in the driveway. I met her at the door and took her coat. I took her to the living room where I showed her my collection of records. "Here we are," I said. "they're sort of organized by period from left to right, Baroque on the left, contemporary on the right, romantic in the middle. Why don't you pick out a couple."

"Whats that on the turntable?" she asked.

"It's Leoš Janáček, The Symfonietta. That's what I was listening to last night. Very dramatic."

"He's 20th century isn't he? I mostly know older music," Diana replied. "Can we listen to it?"

"Sure, It's a great way to demonstrate the headphones. I hope you like brass. Give me just a minute to get us some wine."

I poured the wine and put the stereo on, plugging in my second pair of headphones and handing them to Diana. "You can lie on the couch if you want. I like to lay on the floor. It feels good on my back for some reason. It also seems to make the music better, not really, but it feels that way."

"I'll try the floor," she said. "Maybe it'll be good for my back too. The way you've talked this up, I want to get the whole experience."

I got some pillows and laid them out side by side in front of the couch. I flipped off the lights. There was just enough light from the street lights for me to get us into position and start the music going. I looked at Diana laying on the floor next to me. As the opening fanfare began I watched her large bosom rise and fall. My god they are huge, I thought. I wondered what prospects there were that I'd get to see and feel them. It seemed a pretty good bet. We both closed our eyes to listen to the music.

The Andante ended with the drama of the expanded brass section reprising the opening fanfare. As I pulled my headphones off I heard Diana exclaim, "Wow. Just wow. That was incredible. About half way through I felt like I was hypnotized."

I smiled at Diana, sat up and scooted back to lean against the couch. She did the same, pulling off her headphones. "You were right," she said. "I have to get me some headphones. I just don't know with the chaos of teenagers in the house, that I'll ever be able to use them."

We talked for a few minutes about her boys and how long she's been single. Same for me. There was a lull in the conversation, so I leaned forward and kissed Diana on the lips very lightly. "I don't want to do this," she said. "I was hoping you invited me over just for the music."

"I'm sorry," I said. "I did ask you over for the music. I just thought we were hitting it off well. I won't kiss you again until you want me to, I promise." She didn't seem to take notice that I had said "until" instead of "unless".

We didn't get to listen to any more music that night. The kiss set Diana off, wanting someone to talk to. Diana, it turns out, is afraid of sex. It's why she's stayed single. She did marry young. She and Charlie were both virgins. It took them a month to even consummate the marriage. They were both beset with emotional and sexual dysfunctions. The husband turned out to be a premature ejaculator. He was usually done before he got started. There could be no foreplay. Diana was surprised she was able to get pregnant. Both times were kind of a fluke when he managed to get his penis into Diana's vagina in the nick of time. Because of Charlie's embarrassment, the couple rarely had sex. Diana, though she became a mother of two, had never experienced an orgasm from sexual intercourse, or any other kind of activity between two people. Diana believed it had been her fault. Charlie never showed much interest in her, including any interest in her massive breasts, which she is now very self-conscious about. She's convinced that's the only part of her that men can see.

I listened carefully for close to an hour. Diana apologized profusely when she finally wound down. She said she enjoyed the music, was glad I asked her over and said she was sorry if I was disappointed. She asked for her coat and she left, probably expecting she'd never hear from me again.

After she left, I felt some relief, a bullet dodged, as it were. After a day or two I thought things through. My interest Diana was stimulated by what she told me. Here was a woman in middle age that was living without having experienced any of the joys of having sex, a woman who had neither given nor received pleasure. "Shit." I could see myself as a fish on a hook. On Thursday, I phoned Diana at home. "I want to make sure you come to happy hour tomorrow like always," I said. "There's no reason not to. You have nothing you should be embarrassed about."

Diana did come. We had a good time chatting, eating and drinking with our friends. During a private moment I invited her to follow me home. "No funny stuff," I said. "I just like spending time with you.

She surprised me by saying yes.

At the house Diana was quiet. I set up the music. She picked out some Aaron Copeland. I put it on and turned off the lights. We lay on the floor as we had before. When the music ended we sat up, backs to the couch. "I think I could help if you'd let me," I said.

"With what?" She asked.

"Getting comfortable with men, or at least with me. Getting comfortable with yourself."

"You mean by having sex with you?"

"It's not just about sex. It's about allowing yourself to live fully. You've already taken a step. You're here alone with me. What if we work on desensitizing you the way they treat phobias? Here, lean forward. I'll show you." She leaned forward and I stood and slid back down, sitting behind her. "Now lean back against me." Diana leaned back, her back to my chest. I put my hands on her shoulders. "Isn't that good? It's not sexual. It's just comfortable."

"It is," Diana said.

"Good. Let me put on another record. We can listen to it sitting like this."

I switched to some soft piano. By the end of the second of Erik Satie's second Gymnopedae Diana was relaxed, letting the music hypnotize her, resting against me. I was rubbing her shoulders and gently playing with her her dark wavy hair. I took a chance and kissed her temple. She didn't pull away. I started to get up but she pulled off her headphones and told me to stay where I was. She wanted more snuggling. I stroked her hair and caressed the soft skin of her neck. I worked my fingers around to her clavicle at the edge of her white blouse. She stopped me going any further by taking my hand, squeezing it. I kissed her cheek. She turned and kissed me back. She released my hand, giving permission for me to continue caressing her. I dipped beneath the blouse with the tips of my fingers, gently tickling her chest above her breasts. She gave a little sigh and tilted her head back on my shoulder. My fingers touched her neck and went across the shoulder and along the strap of her bra. She surprised me by loosening the top three buttons of her blouse. With more freedom I felt for the top of the bra. I could feel satiny lace. I traced the edge as far as I could reach into the cleavage. I could almost hear her purring. When I slipped two fingers under the bra, I paused to wait for Diana's reaction. She didn't stop me so I pushed on, feeling the swell of the tops of her mammoth tits. I worked slowly until most of one hand lay on a soft breast. The tip of my middle finger felt a change in the smooth texture of Diana's skin. I had reached the edge of an areola. I could feel the little bumps of the glands. I massaged the area slowly. I shifted position to extend my reach. My entire hand was under the bra now. My fingers crossed a nipple. It was large and soft. I circled it with a finger tip. It hardened slightly. I sensed Diana getting restless. I thought perhaps I'd gone too far so I withdrew a bit. 

Diana turned herself so she could bury her face in my neck, then she straightened and said, "Would you like to see them?" She didn't wait for an answer. She unbuttoned more of the blouse and unfastened the front clasps of the bra and pulled the cups to the side. She took my hands and placed them directly each of her tits. I felt the nipples standing against my palms. I resisted the urge to kneed the handfuls of breast meat I now held. Instead I moved my hands in small circles, feeling those nipples grow. I caressed them with my palms then with my finger tips, fanning my fingers out to just graze the nipples in passing. Diana's breathing betrayed that she was enjoying the attention her tits were receiving. She said after fifteen minutes of massage, "you know my husband never touched my breasts. Nobody has really. I didn't know it was this pleasant."

I continued my slow assault. Diana's head settled back onto my shoulder, she turned her face in my direction, lips begging to be kissed. I pressed my lips to hers, her mouth opened instinctively. My tongue slid between her teeth and sought hers. In response she slid her tongue into my mouth where I grabbed it between my lips and sucked on the tip. When I let it go, she did the same, sucking my tongue more deeply into her mouth. She broke off and buried her face in my neck. In a muffled voice she begged me, "kiss them now. Put your lips on my breasts."

I stood and helped her up. We kissed again and I helped her out of her blouse then removed the bra from her shoulders. I bent and took an engorged nipple between my lips, licking at the tip. "Oh, god," she said, "what are you doing to me?" I switched to the other tit and gave that nipple similar treatment. I sat her on the couch and pushed her shoulders back, encouraging her to lie down. I knelt beside her and resumed licking and sucking at the swollen nips. Diana gave a deep sigh. I reached a hand under the hem of her skirt, finding my way to the satin underwear that covered her sex. I stroked the dampness of the smooth fabric. "Oh, yes touch me there." I rubbed a little more firmly, pushing the sheer material between the lips of her vagina. I could feel increasing wetness as the juices soaked through the panties. I slid the tip of my middle finger across Diana's clit. "Whew, yes there, right there. Ahh! Ahh!"

I pulled a nipple into my mouth and sucked it hard. I alternated the suction with little love bites. "Oh yes! Bite me like that, just like that. She put her hands to the back of my head and pulled my face to her, feeding me her tit. I filled my mouth with as much tit flesh as possible. I could feel a hard nipple on my pallet. I dug a finger as far into her cunt as the panties would allow, pressing on the bud of Diana's clitoris with a knuckle. She bucked against me, moaning and moving her head side to side. She suddenly tensed and raised her head to meet my eyes with hers. Her mouth opened in a scream she tried to muffle, bucked her hips against me once more. There was final low moan, after which her head fell back on the pillow. Her breathing was ragged and raspy. I released my mouth's grip on the nipple I was working and withdrew my hand from from the soaked underwear. Diana was trembling slightly as I covered her breasts with kisses. She pulled my head up to her and reached out for my lips with hers. The kiss was gentle and slow.

"I decided on the way over here that I was going to let something happen and I hoped I hadn't discouraged you too much on that first night. I feel like a dam has broken," Diana said. "That felt so good."

"There's more," I told her. "Are you ready?"

I stood and unplugged the headphones so I could put the music back on, letting it play though the speakers. I returned to kneel beside Diana. "You are so sexy laying like that with your skit in disarray around your waist. I bent down and planted more kisses on the massive breasts. "And you smell wonderful too."

"You like my perfume?"

"Yes, but I'm talking about your natural perfume."

I took Diana's feet and swung her around so her feet were on the floor and her ass was on the edge of the couch. I knelt before her and parted her knees. I slid my hand up the inside of a creamy thigh. caressing and tickling as I went. I reached the leg opening of Diana's wet panties and slid a couple of fingers underneath and coated them with her feminine secretions. I pulled my hand away and brought them to my mouth, making sure the Diana was watching me, which she was intently. I put the fingers to my nose and inhaled deeply then put them into my mouth, cleaning them with my tongue. "And your taste is divine." 

I returned to the crotch of the panties, hooked my fingers in the fabric, giving a slight tug. "What are doing?" Diana asked."

"I'm going to show you how a man should worship a woman's sex. Lift up for me. You can't keep these panties on. They're soaking wet." I sensed come reluctance but Diana complied. I managed to slide the underwear down her legs and off her feet. I petted the damp tangle of thick pubic hair is if it were a kitten. Diana made a tiny giggle. I lowered my head and blew a soft wind through the pubic hair, watched it flutter, noticed a few drops of dew clinging to some of the wiry strands. I leaned forward and cleaned them between lips. I took a quick lick of the pink lips of Diana's pussy. Diana flinched. "I'm guessing no man has been here before," I told her. I pressed my lips to her pussy and sucked the outer labia, stroking with my tongue. I sought the inner lips giving Diana a long "hmmmm" of appreciation. "It's beautiful, Diana. It's such a waste that you aren't getting this treatment regularly." I extended my tongue, plunging it into her as far as I could. She squealed and, surprised at herself, clamped a hand over her mouth. "Let yourself go, darlin'. Allow yourself this pleasure, including your reactions. Any noises you make are my reward."

I worked in and out of Diana's cunt, using my tongue like a prehensile cock, pausing at times to swallow the juices. My face was soaking wet. Diana was soon moaning and mewling. When I felt she was close, I clamped my lips over her substantial clit and flicked my tongue over it. Diana bucked against me put her hands on the sides of my head, holding me against her. Her second orgasm was stronger and lasted longer that the first. She let herself go with a series of grunts and animal noises. The storm over, I took some last licks, cleaning up as much fluid as I could. I leaned back and smiled at Diana. Her eyes half closed in a particularly sexy way, she smiled back. "I don't know what to say," she said.

"Nothing more needs to be said. You told me everything with the sounds you made and the look you just gave me. I understood the language perfectly."

I stood, kicked off my shoes and unbuckled my belt. I dropped my pants to the floor and kicked them off and out of the way. My cock waved at an angle, pulsing and hard. "Have you ever played with one of these, Diana. Look how hard you've made it." I lifted her legs back onto the couch and pushed her onto her side facing me to make some room so I could sit down beside her. I took her by the hand and guided it onto my cock. "Feel how hard it is. That's you. That's what you've done to me. Your hand feels so good, so soft and warm. Look at my cock, stroke it up and down a little. Rub the tip of it across your nipple. It's so hot to see you do that. Squeeze a little tighter. You won't hurt me. Keep stroking. Your going to make me cum. I'm so ready, it won't be long. I want to see you coax the cum out of me and across your lovely tits."

Within moments I was breathing hard, watching Diana's tits ripple from the motion of her hand. I looked into her eyes. "That's it, baby. Do it for me. Make me cum. Make me cum on your beautiful big tits. That's it. Yes. Now, faster. Squeeze it tight." I felt the first spasm of my orgasm as the thick, white fluid burst onto the expanse of Diana's breast. There was a second, a third. I had a substantial reserve stored up and I let it all go. When I had finished I told Diana to keep stroking but to slow down. I watched my cum slowly flow down the fleshy tit, reaching the nipple. I put a finger into the rivulet and dragged it across the nipple then circled to coat the broad areola. "Oh, Diana. That was soooo good. You drained me completely." I kissed her shoulder and neck. She put her arm around me and pulled me closer.

I reveled in the feel of Diana's breasts against me. I wriggled up the couch and lifted one breast, letting it back down to sandwich my cock snugly between the big mounds. Diana began kissing my chest and belly. I moved my hips a little enjoying the feel of the friction between her milky white tits and my half deflated dick. I was savoring the moment but knew I wouldn't be ready again for awhile. I slid back off the couch and stood. I went into the bathroom and moistened a wash cloth in the sink, returned to Diana and cleaned off her chest, deliberately taking my time to further stimulate the nipples. I kissed her once, then pulled a breast up near our faces. I flicked my tongue over a nipple, then across her lips. I pulled the breast up so had the nipple between us. I told to flick her tongue over the nipple with me. "Have you ever kissed, licked and sucked on these precious nipples before, Diana. If they were mine, I couldn't help my self." Diana put her tongue out experimentally and touched it to her nipple. While she gingerly licked one side, I licked at the other, flicking both the nipple and her tongue. "Let's kiss," I suggested. I held the nipple between us as our lips met. I pressed the nipple between us, clamping down on her lower lip with both my lips, imprisoning the nipple between us. I released it and whispered, "take turns with me." I swirled my tongue around the now hard nipple. When I finished, Diana followed my example. After about the fourth turn, I changed the game. I knelt on the edge of the couch and brought the tip of cock, now fully recharged, up to the nipple, giving it a nudge. "Now do us both with your tongue, Diana. Flick your tongue over both of us."
