 All characters are 18 or older.

*****

8/16/2014

A cock is a wonderful organ. It can come in all different shapes and sizes, and it can cum in several different ways. I personally like it when several ropes of cum fire out. So messy, so gooey, so delicious.

My name's Katie, by the way. I guess I should point that out. I lost my virginity at a younger age when my tits grew in and the bulges of my classmates grew. I already knew what sex was because the boys never stopped talking about it. Then I discovered porn and... well, you probably know the end of that story. I'm afraid I can't shed the details of the first cock inside of me because, well, the site doesn't like that. 

So, where do I start? Maybe when I'm 18. That should make it tolerable and legal. I had a boyfriend at the time, he'd already graduated two years before me. Luckily I started dating him when I was a sophomore, him being a senior. And let me tell you, I'm happy that I started dating him before he graduated. He always was a sweet guy. And older men are fantastic at fucking, even if it's just two years. His cock wasn't bad, maybe around 7 inches. That's always something I can expect. I did eventually break up with him though. Something about college sluts. The kind of sluts that I'd eventually join in the Community of Cocksucking.

Alliteration. My favorite.

You can definitely say I sucked a lot of cock after we broke up. I try to keep count, but I always lose it after twelve. After my reputation came back, the dick pics flooded in. My Snapchat blew up around the end of my senior year. Cut, uncut, big, small, curvy, straight as an arrow. Even some girls got involved. Can't say I don't love a good pussy now and again.

I never did have sex, though. That's the weird thing about me, high school boys just didn't work well in the sex department. Maybe they got better when they DID get to high school, but I just wasn't interested in having their cocks in any orifice that wasn't my pretty little mouth. That's okay, though. They still thanked me for my duties. And I thanked them for their delicious cum. As long as they ate a fresh pineapple before then. That's a tip, boys. Write that down.

I think the biggest one I sucked was, again, around 7 inches, like my boyfriend. Friends told me about one or two boys who were really packing, but I don't suck trailer trash. I don't want herpes. One boy even begged me to let him eat me out, but I told him that I won't want his dip-filled mouth anywhere near my precious pussy. Alliteration again. I'm just unstoppable.

I only just realized that I never told you what I even look like. How silly of me. I'm around 5'9", some girls are jealous, an ass that matches a negative exponential function, and okay tits. Maybe around 34D. I don't remember really. The boys like them, though, so I can't complain.

What else can I add to this monotonous atrocity of a prologue? I fucked five guys during prom night. It was the last sexual experience of my high school days since graduation was right around the corner. I went with my friend Jacqueline, who had a boyfriend of her own. She's always going on about how good he is at sex and how big his cock is. Well, that's why I went with her and her boyfriend Trevor. Very few men can resist my charm, even the loyal ones fall. Muahaha.

I'll make this short. We fucked. Obviously. It didn't even take him that long to give in, it was maybe around 10 minutes into the dance when I needed to use the bathroom and showed him the back door. I was barely in the bathroom door when he grabbed my ass, pushed me into a stall, and fucked my brains out. I'm only kidding. No brains were fucked out in that moment. And I'm sorry, Jacqueline, 5 inches isn't big. He was thick, but it was still average. Not that I'm complaining, he was good at it. He did cum quickly, though, which was a disappointment. But oh well. Good luck at explaining how you cheated on your girlfriend, Trevor.

Okay, when I said I had sex with five guys at prom, it was really 4. Poor number two came during the blowjob. I feel bad for him really. I understand the humiliation of that. I've been the first for many boys, and I was clearly this boy's first. Virgins rarely last long. He was sweet, though. He sat next to me in Geometry, and he always had a hard-on. I mean that. ALWAYS. It was cute, he had a bit of a stutter. His name was Justin, and I'd give him a hug if I saw him again. His cock wasn't bad either, 6.5 inches. Nice guy. Raise a glass to the sweet ones who aren't total creeps. Just scared little boys who have a good time when they can.

Number three, Jesus Christ. Rick was a guy who always wanted to have sex with me. A dick pic a day, no failure of routine. I finally said fuck it and took him back into the bathroom for a quickie. I made sure he got close during the blowjob so the sex could go quickly. Boy did it go quickly. Thirty seconds on this boy. I would say poor Rick, but Rick is not a Justin. He's just an asshole who wants to fuck every pretty girl he sees. His cock's small too. Pathetic piece of shit.

Number four was during the after-prom. After changing out of my cum-stained dress (thank god it was white), I got into some regular clothes and had some fun with the games they had there. It was childish, but I guess 18 is still a child. The guy with Joey, a friend of mine who I never really put into the friend zone. I knew what he looked like naked, how big he was, but we've known each other long enough to just be chill. So I blew him. I know, so out of the blue. But I didn't think I'd ever see him again. Also, I told him that one day I'd do stuff with him. And he was cool with that, he found me attractive like all of the other boys. He just respected me enough to not send a dick pic or beg for sex. His cock wasn't bad, it was about 6 inches. I never shame a guy's cock unless the man attached to it doesn't deserve my respect. That's my basic rule, take it or leave it. I still remember seeing it through his sweats, so hard and bulging. He wasn't wearing any underwear either, I could see the outline of his head. I took good care of my Joey. He wasn't even a virgin so he didn't cum immediately. Since he was always such a gentleman around me, I let him put it between my tits. He was powerful with his thrusts, not just between my tits, but in my pussy as well. We went under the bleachers for all of this, of course. Almost got caught twice. He knew exactly what to do with his cock, and he was the first guy to pick me up and fuck me up against the bleachers. All of the other time were me just bent over and facing the wall while some guy's filthy cock pounded my cunt. But Joey? He relished every moment. He wanted his last moments with his friend to be special. Even though he was a gentleman, he didn't go near my asshole. The idea terrifies me. He came finally, and he gave me a kiss goodnight. Then he went home. And I stood under the bleachers, blushing while his cum dribbled out of me and down my leg.

Number five was a stranger. I had seen him at my school before, but I didn't know him at all. I think it was Tyler or something? I dunno, but I was going to my car at the end of the night when he came up behind me. I wouldn't call it rape as I technically didn't say no, but it was definitely unexpected. He wasn't a dumb hick from a farm, so I decided that I might as well finish the night with a solid five. But what I didn't expect was his size. I didn't even get a good look at it, just glanced at him and pulled my shorts down to reveal my pale, curved ass. I told him to not put it in my ass, and he abided by my wishes. And I'm glad, because LORD he was big. I'm able to tell sizes by looking at them, just a gift I had, but I never saw his cock. Just felt it. And it was a mother. He never sent me a nude, otherwise I would think it was Mr. 8-inch... maybe 10-inch? I have no idea. But he made me cum, that's for sure. He was even nice enough to use a condom even though I used birth control. My first orgasm was that night, and the cock was the motherload. It didn't even hurt, just stretched me a bit. Like I was meant to take big cock.

So there you go, perverts. My biggest high school tale. Yeah, you can't fool me. I know your own cock is out, being stroked off. That's okay, I don't mind. I've stroked enough in my day that I know that boys will be boys. And ladies? Don't worry, I'll be sure to include some lesbian tales on our next journey together. In fact, college begins a few days away. I have my stuff packed, my birth control intact, my schedule, everything. I won't give away the university, but it's a state school. I got a scholarship or two. Cock isn't the only thing on my mind, I do have some book smarts too. I just have to get through it and hopeful get a degree in hopefully education. Hopefully get some cock along the way. Lots and lots of it.

Thanks for reading,

Katie.