 Saturday:

I awoke hours later, the bleach-like smell of cum lingering on my lips, and the skin of my cheeks and chin feeling taut with the dried substance. I licked my lips, longing for some balm to moisturize them. I opened my eyes a crack and looked around the room, wondering if Adam had indeed spent the night. I found the bed beside me empty, and sighed, neither disappointed nor surprised. We had both gotten what we wanted the night before, and he owed me no more than that.

With a soft groan, I rose from the bed and padded barefoot and naked towards the washroom, my various curves swaying as I rubbed the sleep from my eyes. Looking forward to the restorative powers of a hot shower, I jumped as I pushed the door open and heard Adam's deep baritone greet me.

"Good morning beautiful."

I looked up from the floor with tired eyes and took in the glorious sight of Adam's naked and freshly-washed body before me, his huge cock looking heavy and semi-erect, swaying slightly from side to side as it curved towards the floor. I giggled to myself as I saw it jump and harden slightly in response to my gaze. Without a second thought, I perched my bare behind on the cold porcelain of my tub, placing my face at eye level with his insatiable member. Taking it in his hand, Adam gave a few absent-minded strokes before jamming the wide head towards my face.

In short order, I found myself - hands pressing into the tub at my sides to take some of the bite on my buttocks from my narrow perch - on the receiving end of a brisk face-fuck. I moaned and squeezed my thighs together in order to pressure my clit as Adam grasped the back of my head and under my chin, holding me in place for his pumping shaft. Quickly, I found my initially dry mouth filled and lubricated with precum and thick saliva from the back of my throat. I gagged softly on the girth of him, but Adam was more interested in speed than depth, and kept up a high tempo that had him gasping for breath after only a short time.

Adam was only able to sustain this pace for about ten minutes before I felt him begin to quiver and pulse in pre-orgasmic bliss.

"Get ready for your breakfast." He said, placing both hands onto the back of my head and pulling me in tight until my nose hit his pubic hair and my throat was filled with his meat.

I moaned loudly, adding the vibrations of my vocal chords to the spasms of my throat around him, the dual sensations driving him over the edge. I reached around his bum with both arms, clasping my hands together like a wrestler and pulling him into me harder, holding him tightly in place in the depths of my throat while his balls bucked and jumped and I felt the semen course through his shaft. Like a cartoon fire hose, I felt each shot of cum surge up his length as a perceptible bulge, and gagged lightly as he emptied himself past my tonsils and directly into my belly. I felt the significant quantity as a satisfying warmth in my stomach as he held him until he began to soften before pulling back.

I coughed slightly and gasped for air for a moment before looking up with a leering smile past his still semi-hard dick to his face. I licked my lips lewdly before smacking them with satisfaction.

"Now that's a great way to start the day." I said with a wink.

Adam mumbled his agreement, and still stared down at me in post-orgasmic stupor, patting me on the cheek with one of his hands before offering to help me back to my feet. After a small kiss on the lips, and a quick grope of my left tit and right bum cheek, Adam said his good byes and went into my bedroom to get dressed. Trusting him to lock the door behind him, I made my way to the shower, revelling in the relaxing blast of hot water.

I emerged from the shower some time later, feeling fresh, clean, and rejuvenated. Despite the intense and even frightening experience from the night before, my hunger for cock and cum and was far from satiated, and as I got dressed for the day, I contemplated pre-empting my planned afternoon "date" with a morning booty call. Though we had never yet met in person, I knew that Bill had been longing for my mouth for some time now. I had been equally inspired to lust by what I had seen of him online - a very thick, straight, and beautiful cock capable of shooting copious quantities of semen. In short order, my mind was made up, and I logged on to my laptop to send him an email.

To my delight, he answered back to my offer within minutes, almost as if he had been just sitting around and waiting for it. I licked my lips in anticipation as I replied, giving him directions to my place, and asking how long it would be before he arrived. As it turned out, he lived closer to me than expected, and could be there in only ten minutes. Replying that I couldn't wait to finally see "him" in person, I rushed to the bathroom and quickly applied some sultry makeup before he got there. Pale lip gloss and a little light eyeliner and mascara was all I needed, and I tossed my hair into a loose side-ponytail to keep it out of the way. Dressed in a simple turquoise tank top and jeans with a white belt, I hoped Bill would like what he saw. My nipples were visibly hard with excitement through the thin material of my tank top as I moved to wait on the couch by the door.

Though only a matter of minutes, the time until Bill arrived and buzzed into the building seemed to drag on for eternity as I waited, my pussy growing wetter with each passing second. The time it took him to ascend the elevator to my floor left me nearly panting with desire; a reaction so strong that it surprised even me. I bit my lip as I heard his knock on the door; hoping that the pain would bring me back to reality.

"Hi Bill." I said in a breathlessly sultry voice as I opened the door. "Thanks so much for coming over so quickly."

"I would not miss this opportunity for the world!" he exclaimed, eyeing my mouth like a starving shark presented with a slab of bloody meat. "I've been waiting for my turn in... uh... to meet you forever!"

"You've been so patiently waiting for my lips wrapped around your cock you mean." I replied with a wink. I was pleased to see my lewd words bring a flush to his cheeks, and knew that I was guessing 100% right.

"That too." he said gruffly, reaching up and stroking my cheek with the back of his fingers, towards my ear. 

I glanced up at him through my long lashes, a mischievous grin on my lips. As his thumb came close to my mouth, I let my tongue dart out to lash it once, making him groan softly. Soon I found myself kissing and sucking on his thumb sensually as he ran it back and forth across my lips - my turn to moan softly to myself as I sucked on this avatar for his phallus. His hand drifted back towards my ear again, giving my lobes a gentle rub that forced me to close my eyes momentarily in pure bliss. They shot open again with pleasurable surprise as he grasped my side pony with a firm grip near the base where it met my head, giving it a short sharp tug that made my mouth pop open into a gasp that turned into a giggle of delight. Using this handle, he guided me to the floor at his feet where I knelt down on my heels with my back to the couch, and looked up at him expectantly with my hands on my thighs.

"God you really are a good slut, Lucia." he muttered, his voice filled with awe. "Tell me how much you've been looking forward to this."

"Oh my god hun," I said in return, my own voice low with awe. "I still remember the first day I saw your dick on cam." I paused and closed my eyes for a moment, licking my lips as I savoured the memory. "It was so straight and thick and powerful looking. I loved watching you stroke it for me."

"Mmmm." Bill groaned. "And did you enjoy watching me cum?"

"Oh my gawd." I babbled. "It was like a fountain splashing an endless stream of cum! I couldn't believe it!" I stared into his eyes with sincerity. "I knew then that I needed to taste you some day."

"But you made me wait." he said, an edge of humour in his voice.

"You're here now aren't you?" I replied, my hands running up the front of his pants to his thighs.

"Take it out." he ordered, ignoring my question.

I smiled as I complied, undoing his belt hurriedly, wanting to get to the treasure concealed within. Wasting no time, my deftly experienced fingers dropped his pants, leaving only the thin material of his boxers tenting mere inches from my lips.

"Looks like you think it was worth the wait." I teased with a wink.

"You're a little excited yourself." he replied, pinching my blatantly obvious nipples through the fabric of my top.

"Of course I am." I replied while simultaneously pulling the straps of my tank top off my shoulders, and lowering it down to reveal my heavy and heaving breasts. "Its not every day I get visited by a beautiful cock like yours."

Bill sighed with lust as he grasped my soft tits in his hands, squeezing and kneading them. "Jesus these are nice." he stammered.

"Why thank you." I replied. "I grew them myself."

"Lets see what I've grown for you." Bill said, pulling down his boxers with one hand while his other kept up his play with my tits.

"Hmmm lets see indeed." I replied as I used my hands to grasp and manipulate him, examining him in close detail. "Mmmm it feels so nice and hard." I gasped.

Bill could only groan in response as I slowly stroked him. He was ragingly erect, almost seeming painfully so; his thick cock bulging with small skin-tone veins. I tickled his flared circumcised head, teasing its triangular underside with a finger while my other hand traced gently up and down his length. It was truly a thing of beauty to my cock-hungry eyes - thick enough to ensure my mouth was entirely filled, yet not so long as to choke me to death when I inevitably took it all into my eager mouth. I felt the heat and moisture between my thighs grow, and with it decided I had waited long enough to taste Bill's gorgeous meat.

Just as I took a deep breath and prepared to engulf him in my warm, wet mouth, I felt the palm of Bill's hand stop my forehead as it came forward. Pressing to tilt my head back, he let his hand drift back again to grasp my ponytail and hold me in place. I whimpered, slightly annoyed at having my feast withheld, but then felt my heart skip a beat as I saw him take hold of the base of his shaft and begin to slap it up and down onto my face. Like a drummer beating a rising tattoo, he began slowly, building the speed of his slapping as he went, battering my lips, tongue, cheeks, nose and forehead. I could smell small dribbles of his precum on my face as he leaked, and moaned softly, trying to chase him with my lips. Finally I felt him pull my head back far enough for him to drop his cock down in line with my lips, only a centimetre away. He paused there, poised to thrust home between my parted lips.

"Beg me for it." he said. "Beg to suck my thick cock."

I looked up, giving him my best puppy-dog eyes, and pleaded. "Please Bill. Please let me taste you. I've been waiting for this for so long."

Bill paused a moment longer while his dick jumped with excitement before running his head, with excruciating slowness, all around the outline of my lips in a small circle. I opened my mouth wide and let my lips hang loose, using my tongue to push saliva from my watering mouth out to moisten them. I stole an opportunity and flicked the head of his cock, stealing a bead of precum that had formed there. I moaned softly as the taste hit me, and begged again with his meat against my lips.

"Pwease." I implored. "Pwease gibve me yur dwick!"

Grunting with desire, Bill granted me my wish, pushing his hips forward slowly and burying himself into my oral cavity. Placing both hands behind my head, he tugged me in, nose pressed into his stomach, tip of his pole on the edge of my throat. Unable to breathe, I convulsed softly once, twice, and then he let go, pulling back slowly, his shaft glistening with wetness from my mouth. Holding me on either side just behind the ears, Bill began to pump in and out of my mouth, slowly and gently but exercising complete range of motion and tickling my tonsils each time. My mouth totally filled with his thick member, my lips splayed out wide, stretching in order to accept his girth. I moaned like a slut while he fucked my mouth, stuffing a hand down the front of my jeans to tease my own clit.

"Oh yes!" Bill exclaimed between thrusts. "That's a good little cocksucking whore!"

Bill's face-fucking was deeply in contrast to Adam's style, a slow, building pace that allowed me time to play with myself properly. I loved the feeling of his exceedingly hard member gliding past my lips in and out, slowly enough for me to feel the bump of every vein. I felt my arousal grow towards orgasm as he maintained his slow and stead pace.

Just as I moaned and approached climax, I felt Bill pull back and begin to once again slap his now sloppy wet cock all over my face. Hitting me harder this time, I gasped in the throes of pleasure as he hit me with his meat, begging him to do it harder and faster while I came on my fingertips. I felt my pussy flood with warm fluid as I orgasmed, and screamed in ecstasy. Rather than relieve the pressure of my horniness, the orgasm only made it worse, and as I gasped and came down, still feeling Bill's cock rubbing my face, I knew I needed more of his thick member.

Pulling my hand from my pants, I suddenly removed Bill's hand from my head and stood up on shaky legs. Unbuckling my belt as I turned around, I shimmied my pants down as far as my thighs, revealing my large white bum and glistening pussy lips as I bent over the armrest of the couch. Leaving no time for second thoughts, I reached back and grabbed Bill's dick like a handle, pulling him forward and lining him up with my soaking hole. I felt his hands grasp me by the hips as he paused for an agonizingly long moment before speaking.

"Are you sure?" he asked.

"Oh god I need you to fuck me with that thick cock." I moaned, wiggling my bum at him. "Fuck me!"

With a deep and satisfied moan that perfectly mirrored my own, Bill plunged his whole length slowly inside me. I felt every muscle in my body spasm at once in pleasure before relaxing into the rhythmic pace of Bill's thrusts. I heard his balls slap against my wetness loudly, and bit my lip to stifle my own whimpers of joy. I pressed my face into the couch to muffle my cries as I raced towards a second orgasm. Bill's girth filled me utterly, driving me wild with every pulsing thrust into me. I could tell from his ragged breathing that he was working very hard to hold back from cumming, but greedily pushed back against each of his thrusts, wanting more and more of him. Finally after a few short minutes, I gasped and bit into the cushion of my couch as I was wracked with an earth-shattering, leg-shaking climax.

As I felt my juices flood all over his member, I heard Bill moan. "Oh fuck you're going to make me cum Lucia."

Still dazed, I urged Bill out of my pussy, and dropped to my knees facing him, my butt pressing into the cold leather of the couch. Needing no further encouragement, he pushed himself back into my mouth, filling it with the sticky fluid from my own pussy. I moaned at the taste of my own orgasm, and bobbed my head enthusiastically in time with his thrusts. In mere moments I felt him tense every muscle, and holding my head still, he began to pump his massive load of semen into my mouth. I moaned as I felt it slather my tongue and begin to fill me up, forcing me to pre-emptively swallow, which feeling caused Bill to flinch with pleasure. Unabated, he continued cumming, filling my mouth a second time before finally slowing to a stop.

Carefully, he pulled back, not wanting me to lose a drop as I he pulled out of my mouth. As I pursed my lips closed and savoured his salty taste, he rubbed his still slowly leaking cock on my face, smearing me with his cum. He softly slapped it up and down on my lips, smiling down at me.

"Swallow my load, you beautiful slut." he ordered.

I happily complied, exaggerating with an audible gulp and a wide grin before licking my lips. I then leaned in and cleaned off the last few drips from his dick, making him shiver with sensitivity. I planted a sticky kiss on his balls before sitting back and looking up into his eyes.

"Thank you so much for being my booty call hun."