 I knocked lightly on Jasmine's door with Mitch standing directly behind me. Tiffany opened the door and grinned as we entered. 

"How's she doing?" I asked. 

"She's doing okay a little groggy but I think she'll be fine in the morning." Tiffany replied. 

I walked into the living room where James and Avery were seated at the bar having a drink. James had his back to me but Avery looked up as I approached. He looked worried, I'm certain his expression had more to do with whether or not he would still have a job when we returned to the States, then it had to do with the fact that his actions had nearly cost my friend her life. 

From behind I heard Mitch say. "I'm happy I could help." 

As I turned toward him I found Tiffany with her arms wrapped around his neck and her big tits pressing into his chest. Mitch's hands were resting on her waist and before I could speak he pushed her away as she again said. "Well thank you so much Mitch for acting so quickly this morning." 

I was sure Tiffany had some concerns about her future with Elegant Escorts and assumed that if need be she would have dropped to her knees and sucked Mitch off to entice a good review from him on her performance this weekend. 

Tiffany was no dummy, she knew as well as I that Avery and James would carry no weight when it came to Daddy deciding our fate so she was trying to win some points with the one man who could help her save her job. 

Mitch walked to where I was standing and wrapped his arm around my waist pulling me firmly against his body as he spoke with more authority then I'd previously heard from him. "Are you two partying already?" 

James kind of spun around on his chair and held up his glass as he said. "Might as well, can't do much else." 

Mitch frowned at him and replied. "You're an asshole Jim." 

I moved my hand to my side covering Mitch's and said. "Let go in and visit with Jasmine." Not wanting this to escalate into something ugly. 

We entered the bedroom to find Jasmine sitting up in bed. She had a stack of pillows behind her back and was sipping a glass of ice water. 

Seeing Mitch and me she instantly said. "I'm so sorry." 

We moved to the bed and I sat on the edge, Mitch stood beside me. 

"Don't be. You couldn't have known how powerful the cocaine was." I offered. 

Jasmine tried to smile but she didn't have it in her. Instead she said. "But I did know and I still went way too far."

"It almost cost you your life hun." Mitch reminded her. 

"I want to thank you Mitch for bringing Tiff to the hospital. I needed a familiar face this morning." Jasmine said as she looked up at him. 

He reached down and took her hand in his as he answered. "I just did what had to be done." 

"So how are you feeling?" I asked. 

She was able to crack a smile before replying. "A whole lot better than earlier." 

"Do you think you'll be able to travel tomorrow?" I asked. 

"Don't have a choice Angel. I need to get home as soon as possible." Jasmine said. 

I wasn't sure why but I assumed she wanted to get to a place of comfort and end what for her turned into a nasty weekend. 

"We should let her rest." Mitch suggested. 

"Yes." I said as I leaned toward her and gave her a light kiss on the cheek. 

As I stood up Jasmine reached for my hand as she said. "Thanks again for saving me." 

Her smile seemed brighter and as we walked toward the door she said. "I'll see you tomorrow morning." 

As we left I turned and waved to her. I'd do all I could to save her job but that task might turn out to be an impossible one. Time would tell how Daddy would react once he heard what happened. 

In the living room James and Avery were still seated across one another at the bar, but Tiffany had joined them her big ripe tits resting on the bar. I was fairly certain that the three of them were discussing how she would best service their sexual needs tonight since Jasmine was not going to be available. 

Tiffany was flirting with the two of then licking her lips and sucking lightly on her finger tip. 

Avery looked toward Mitch and me and spoke for the first time. "What are you two going to do tonight?" 

Mitch seemed somewhat perturbed at their actions since we came in and instantly replied. "Not going to waste any time on you two that's for sure."

James apparently had already resigned himself to losing his position replied. "No problem Mitch sweet Tiffany is gonna make sure we enjoy our last night in Cancun." 

Mitch turned to them and quite angrily responded. "Well I'd appreciate it if you could take some time between fucks to check on Jasmine." 

"Will do boss." Avery answered hopeful that tomorrow Mitch would still be his boss. 

Again wanting to avoid an argument between the three of them I grabbed Mitch by the wrist and said. "Let's get going hun." 

The door to their suite closed with a resounding thud and I was sure that within minutes Tiffany would be on her knees sucking one then the others cock she had all to herself tonight. 

I smiled as we approached our suite knowing that the only cock I wanted tonight was the one between Mitch's thighs. 

"I think I'm gonna grab a quick shower." Mitch said as we walked into the living room. 

"Okay, would you like a drink?" I answered. 

"I think I would." He replied as he headed toward the bedroom. 

I headed to the bar and decided on something light a gin and tonic with a twist of lemon to add a tart accent to our cocktails. 

Mitch was already undressed and had the shower water running when I pushed the door open. I took a moment to study his body again. His form was trim, but definitely showed signs of his age. The wisps of gray hair on his chest and at his temples gave him a grandfatherly look, but the cock that dangled from his loins made me think of him as a young stud. 

"Want me to join you?" I asked hopeful that he wouldn't. 

"Naw, I'm just to freshen up a little. Why don't you wait for me on the balcony then you can have the bathroom all to yourself." Mitch answered. 

I placed his drink on the vanity then left him to shower alone. 

The breeze was coming directly off the ocean as I sat alone sipping my cocktail wondering what Mitch's pleasure would be tonight. I knew I wanted to wear the beautiful turquoise jewelry set he had bought for me and decided that the best way to accentuate the clear blue of the stones along with the crystal blue of my eyes was to wear something white. Fortunately I had planned for the possibility of dressing in virginal white for him so I had packed a sexy white lace trimmed bra and thong set and a matching sheer white robe that left little to the imagination. 

Mitch joined me wearing only a pair of khaki slacks. He stepped to the railing and turned to face me his hands resting on the top rail and a smile on his lips. 

"What's on your mind big boy?" I jokingly asked. 

Mitch chuckled before replying. "You know what I have in mind." 

I stood up and moved close to him keeping my eyes fixed on his then reached up with both hands and lightly scratched down over his naked chest with the tips of my nails. 

"I believe you'd like to be seduced." I answered as my nails reached the waist line of his khakis. 

His smile confirmed that's exactly what he wanted but he still replied. "Exactly." 

I ran my nails up his body then circled his neck with my fingers as I leaned closer and kissed him sensually on the mouth. His tongue pierced my lips and circled the tip of my tongue several times. I ground my hips against him giving him a quick preview of things to come. 

"I need to freshen up myself." I said after our kiss ended. 

He again smiled then said. "I'll give you fifteen minutes." 

I giggled and replied. "You'll give me thirty. But you better not start without me." 

As I began moving away I reached down to his crotch and ran my hand over his cock as I said. "I want to watch this grow rock hard." 

Mitch grinned knowing that I had the talent to do just that, his fears of suffering an ED episode banished earlier in the weekend. 

I knew he was watching me as I walked away and as always I accentuated my steps with a seductive swagger. 

Once alone in the bathroom I wrapped a towel around my hair since I saw no need to shampoo again and quickly bathed myself. 

Mitch heard the shower water stop and called from the living room. "Would you like another cocktail?" 

In my sexiest tone of voice I answered. "I'll just have the cock." 

It didn't take long for me to apply an almost undetectable shade of pale blue eye shadow and clear lip gloss. The sterling and turquoise stud earrings and matching necklace looked incredible with the light makeup I'd applied. Since Mitch had expressed a liking for my hair to be long and straight I decided not to curl it, instead opting to pull it up into a bun above my head and allowing just a few wisps of hair to dangle over my eyes and behind down my neck. I knew that he could easily pull the bun out and let my long blonde hair cascade around my head when he saw fit later. 

I slipped the white lacy thong up my legs and pulled the side straps high over my hips. I saw no need for stockings or the matching bra and slipped on the white pumps before studying my reflection in the mirror. Once the sheer robe was gone this would be the image that Mitch would be enjoying and I was very confident that it would bring his cock to life. 

"What's taking so long?" Mitch asked from the living room. 

I giggled and reminded him. "The first step in any successful seduction is the anticipation of what's to come." 

I slipped on the sheer robe and tied it loosely around my waist letting the lacy trim accentuate the exposed cleavage between my tits and the crystal blue turquoise stone dangling just above. My nipples showed perfectly through the sheer fabric. 

My look certainly didn't have the appearance of a virginal bride, but I was sure it would please the man waiting patiently in the other room. 

"Put some music on and make yourself comfortable." I suggested without appearing in the doorway from the bedroom. 

I waited for the music then gave Mitch time to take a seat wondering if the first step I'd mentioned had caused his cock to begin hardening. 

I stepped into the doorway to the living room and stopped waiting to see his reaction. His eyes got as big as saucers as he slowly said. "Oh My God!" His voice accentuating each word as he spoke.

His eyes were fixed on me as I slowly lifted each hand and placed them on the door jamb then started moving my hips seductively from side to side. With my arms stretched up as I began gyrating to the music my big tits swayed from side to side clearly visible to Mitch through the sheer fabric of my robe. 

This first part of my seduction would be visual. I saw no need to ask him if my lingerie pleased him, the wide smile on his lips confirming that fact. He fidgeted on the seat a little I assumed to give his cock room inside his khakis to swell. 

Mitch looked at me as if it were the first time he'd seen me. His eyes wide open roamed up and down my form as I swayed to and fro in the doorway. With a seductive slide I moved my hands down either side of the door jamb until they reached my hips. I continued slowly gyrating to the soft jazz as I moved my hands to my hips and began dancing toward him. He stared intently at my tits which gently moved from side to side beneath the sheer fabric of my white robe. 

As I settled directly in front of Mitch I suggested. "Why don't you slip out of those slacks?" 

He didn't have to be asked again as he smiled and lifted his hips from the sofa and pushed his khakis down around his ankles then kicked them aside so he could spread his legs open. 

"You're so god damn sexy." Mitch said as he slid his hips forward so his balls dangled over the edge of the seat cushion. 

I smiled at him and replied. "I'm gonna give you the best lap dance you've ever had."

Mitch chuckled and answered. "You assume I've had lap dances before." 

We both knew that he had the pleasure of a sexy woman gyrating on his lap before but I reassured him when I answered. "You'll never have a better one than the one you're gonna get tonight. 

His cock had begun to react to my sensual dance but I wanted it standing a full attention before I moved forward to mount him on the sofa. 

I moved one hand to the belt of my robe and with a slender index finger pulled the twist that held it tightly around my waist. The belt fell away and the sheer material parted but the lace fringe kept the see through robe covering my tits. 

Using both hands I gathered the fringe of my robe and pulled it back at my hips exposing my white lacy thong but still kept my tits covered. 

Mitch concentrated his eyes on my hips as I moved sensually to the rhythm of the soft jazz his cock slowly beginning to fill with blood and grow erect. 

"You're getting hard." I commented as I inched closer to him. 

He looked up from my waist and smiled as he replied. "You have that effect on me." 

His eyes moved down to my big tits swaying beneath the sheer material. In an almost pleading tone of voice he said. "Take your robe off." 

I released the fabric I'd gathered in my hands and let the robe slid closed some then slowly moved my open hands up over my stomach to my tits. As my fingertips pinched the erect nipples through the sheer material I entice him verbally. "I want you to suck my hard nipples." 

Mitch smiled and nodded his agreement. 

My hand slipped down and I cupped both big tits offering them for his visual enjoyment before slowly stripping the robe from my shoulders. 

As the garment fluttered to the floor behind me I asked him an obvious silly question. "Do you like my big tits?"

His erection continued to grow the cock head now lifted from his belly as he answered. "I love your beautiful tits when they are surrounding my hard cock." 

I giggled and replied. "So you want to tit fuck your erotic dancer?" 

His broad smile confirmed that he did. 

I moved a little closer nearly touching his knees with my legs. As I slowly turned to face away from him I asked. "What about my tight little ass?" 

I looked over my shoulder as he replied. "I wanna fuck that too." 

Mitch enjoys looking at my ass and I enticed him even further by bending at the waist and using one finger to pull the tiny strap away from my sphincter as I answered. "You mean this tight puckered asshole?" 

"Exactly!" He quickly said. 

I moved back a little closer to him as I rimmed my tight sphincter with one finger. 

"I can't wait to feel your cock head spread me open." I commented as I used both hands to spread my ass cheeks wider. 

I hooked two fingers under the thin slivers of fabric and peeled the thong down my legs stepping out of the garment. My hands slowly rose along the back of my legs until they reached my ass. I spread my fingers out over the firm flesh of my ass cheeks and spread myself wide open for his visual inspection. I knew he eyes were fixed on the moist pink flesh of my pussy just below the puckered opening to my asshole. I straighten up and turned to face him again. His cock now fully erect extended up from his fist as he slowly stroked the rock hard shaft. Standing before my lover wearing only the white pumps that I knew he wanted me to keep on I asked. "I'm so fucking hot for you Mitch." 

I danced forward, my legs sliding along the inside of his thighs as I stared down into his lust filled eyes I asked. "Are you ready for your lap dance sir?" 

Mitch just nodded affirmatively. 

"You will pay particular attention to my hard nipples won't you?" I asked as I started moving forward to mount his lap. 

He shook his head again. 

As I settled down with a knee on either side of his hips Mitch released his cock and moved both hands to cup my big tits. My naked pubic mound pressed his cock down against his abdomen as the moist lips of my pussy spread over the shaft of his hard cock. I began to slowly hump his rock hard erection sliding my wet slit along the length of his throbbing shaft.

He straightened up a little and captured on taut nipple between his lips causing me to moan soulfully. His tongue lips and teeth caressing the tight nub of pleasure increasing my desire to have his cock inside me. 

The music provided the beat for my slow gyrations on his cock and I leaned forward placing my hands against the back of the sofa on either side of his head and pressing my nipple firmer against his mouth. 

"Lick it." I pleaded. 

Mitch circled my erect nipple with the tip of his tongue teasing the areola surrounding the hard nub several times. 

My hips continued moving forward and back his cock sliding through the moist flesh pressed tightly against his pulsing shaft. 

He moved his mouth away for a moment so he could speak. "I love how it feels when your wet cunt slides over my frenulum." 

His mouth moved to my other big tit and instantly captured the hard nipple between his teeth the tip of his tongue caressing just the tiny tip that extended between his teeth. 

"Oh god I love that." I commented as he pleasured just the very tip of my sensitive nipple. 

My wet slit had him prepared for entering me his cock coated with the moisture that was building inside my hot pussy. 

He released my nipple from his bite and opened his mouth wide to suck the hard nub and the surrounding puckered areola inside his mouth. 

A sensual moan escaped my lips as the full effect of his oral caress captured me. I wanted him inside me, I needed to feel his rock hard cock surging deep in my cunt, and I craved the sensation of his cock head pressing against my cervix as the thick throbbing shaft massaged my g-spot. 

I straightened my arms and slid my hands from the sofa to his shoulders as I said. "Put it inside." 

Mitch moved one hand from my heaving tits and as I rose up off his cock he guided the pulsing head to the opening of my wet cunt. 

His gaze moved up to my eyes as he said. "Bury me inside." 

My sinfully slow plunge down on his hard cock caused us both the moan softly. Mitch slid both hands up to my head lacing his fingers into my blonde hair. It took only a second before my hair cascaded down around my head and shoulders. His hand moved down to rest on my hips as I bottomed out on his cock and my sensitive clit pressed against his pubic bone. I paused for a moment and as I ground my hard clit against him I shook my head the tossed it back causing my long blonde locks to fly above and settle behind my back. 

I leaned forward and pleaded. "Suck my nipples some more." 

Mitch took one taut nipple between his lips and sucked hard. I moved my shoulders side to side so he could pleasure the other with him incredible lips and tongue. 

As he sucked my nipples I began rising off his cock the shaft glistening with moisture. Mitch's hands grasped my hips and pushed down acknowledging that he wanted his cock engulfed in hot wet flesh again. 

The tempo of our fucking followed the soft jazz that filled the air, slow sensual plunges followed by even slower lifts Mitch's throbbing hard cock captured inside my quivering wet pussy. Again and again I slowly lifted off his cock and as soon as I was at the top his strong hands guiding my hips and steamy slit down until the bulbous head caressed my cervix. 

Mitch continued pleasuring my big tits, his lips surrounding my erect nipples and sucking gently on the tingling nubs of pleasure, his teeth occasionally providing a firmer bite and his tongue lavishing my nipples the surrounding flesh and the soft deep cleavage between with long sensuous licks. He enjoyed my big firm tits and I moaned often as he pleasured my chest. 

After what seemed like an eternity of pleasurable almost slow motion fucking Mitch moved his hands from my hips sliding up until he captured my face. I gazed down into his eyes as he drew my mouth to his. My lips parted to accept his probing tongue and together we began a sensual dance of passion between our mouths. He circled my tongue with the tip of his and then I returned the pleasure. His passionate kiss left me panting and wanting more. 
