 The distinctive sound of rubber striking concrete and the instantaneous pressure of my stomach against the seat belt as the pilot engaged the reverse thrust to bring the airliner to a safe stop signaled my arrival home from an incredible weekend in Cancun, Mexico.

Mitch was without a doubt the most generous client I've had the pleasure of pleasing during my relatively short career with Elegant Escorts, and I was certain that a second appointment was in the future for me. 

Tiff and Jasmine decided to stay an additional day in Mexico to give Jasmine an extra time to fully recover. Traveling alone, I had time during the flight to contemplate my report to Daddy on the activities of the weekend. I have to choose my words very carefully when it came to explaining what had happened to Jasmine and considered placing some of the blame on Avery for her overdose. 

Only time would tell if Daddy would keep her on or terminate her employment for drug use; which is strictly against company policy. 

"Can I offer you a warm towel to freshen up?" The first class stewardess asked as the pilot turned off the runway onto the taxiway. 

I smiled politely then declined her offer since my plan was to have a relaxing soak in my Jacuzzi tub when I arrived home. 

Customs wasn't very busy so I guess the agent decided to have a thorough look through my luggage and raised an eyebrow several times as he ran his fingers over some of the lingerie he found there. His smile was followed by a rather lewd comment. "Looks like you had an enjoyable time in Mexico?" 

"As a matter of fact I had an incredible weekend." I replied giving him the sexiest smile I could and batting my long lashes at him as I did. 

Fortunately the taxi driver was a lot less interested in me and made excellent time driving from the airport to my home. I rewarded his silence with a generous tip after he placed my luggage just inside the front door. 

"Enjoy the rest of your day." He commented as I slowly closed the door. 

Since most of what was in my luggage was headed for the laundry or dry cleaner, I left my bags where the driver placed them and with my laptop case and purse headed for my bedroom. 

"Time for a soak." I thought out loud as I started undressing. 

I looked at my reflection in the full length closet mirror. Light tan lines accented my soft skin where my swimsuits had protected me. I studied my body for a moment, my large tits looked natural the result of paying a premium for the very best implant surgeon. Even at my age my tummy remains flat and smooth having avoided the damage that carrying a baby causes to most women my age and my legs looked long slender and shapely even without the assist of high heels. I smiled knowing that my body was more than desirable and would remain that way until I'd salted away the nest egg I needed to live the rest of my life comfortably. 

I went into the bathroom and started running water into the tub, adding some of my favorite bubble bath and turn on some soft jazz. I realized that I'd forgotten to pour myself a glass of wine to sip on while I relaxed in the Jacuzzi. I turned the water off and slipped into a short white satin robe then headed to the kitchen for my wine. I poured a full glass my favorite red wine and as I pushed the cork back into the top of the bottle I noticed my next door neighbor Chuck walking across the yard. He saw me standing inside so I couldn't ignore his knock on the back door. 

"Hi Chuck." I said as I opened the door. 

His eyes roamed up and down my satin covered body and I knew he was thinking about fucking me again as he asked. "Were you out of town this weekend?"

I didn't see that where I'd been was any of his business but politely answered. "Yes I was." 

"I thought so." Chuck replied as he invited himself inside. 

His eyes continued scanning my scantily covered form as he spoke. "Looks like you got a little sun." 

Through the opening of my satin robe my cleavage and the light tan lines were clearly visible. 

"I did spend a little time on the beach." I answered not bothering to explain that the beach was in Cancun. 

"Well you sure are looking very sexy." Chuck blurted out as his eyes focused on the deep cleavage between my big tits. 

At this point I could have kicked myself in the ass for not remembering my wine earlier since my short excursion downstairs made it impossible to ignore a knock on my door had I already been in the tub. 

"Chuck you didn't walk over here to just ask me about my weekend did you?" I asked. 

He grinned then said. "Not exactly, my wife is off at her bridge club meeting this afternoon."

I smiled as I interrupted him. "And you thought what?" 

"Well I saw you come home in a cab and just thought I'd stop over to say welcome home." Chuck tried to explain.

I grinned at my older neighbor knowing his welcome home line was bull shit. What he really wanted was a quickie while his wife was playing cards. "Don't play word games with me Chuck." I scolded him. 

He fidgeted in place for a moment searching for the right words. His crimson blush confirming that I'd seen right through his earlier statement.

"Well I was thinking how much I enjoyed the last time we were together and...." Chuck paused. 

I smiled at him before I spoke. "Chuck if you want a blowjob all you have to do is ask. I'm always ready for a nice thick load of cum." 

"Just like that!" Chuck exclaimed. 

I slipped the satin robe off my shoulders letting it fall to the floor as I moved toward my paunchy neighbor. "Just like that." I replied as I knelt before him. 

His eyes widened as I reached up and undid his belt and quickly pulled the zipper of his slacks down. My fingers quickly pushed the button at the waistband through its opening and I slowly slid his slacks down his legs. His white cotton briefs were stained with urine and the aroma coming from his crotch was somewhat pungent. 

He hooked his fingers in the elastic waistband of his briefs and pushed them down to mid-thigh. I slid one hand up and grasped his swelling cock. 

"It's gonna have to be a quickie." I mentioned as I leaned forward and extended my tongue to taste his cock. 

Chuck shook his head and stared down at me as I licked along the shaft. He tasted salty, I assumed from the residue of urine. 

"Take it in your mouth." Chuck urged. 

As I sucked his cock head he became harder, my lips gliding over the smooth corona at the base of his cock head. His salty taste mixed with my saliva and while I first thought it would be repugnant I actually started enjoying the taste. I sucked him quickly wanting to have him empty his balls in my mouth so I could dispatch my paunchy old neighbor and get back to relaxing in my tub. 

"That's it Angel suck it." Chuck urged. 

I began taking him deeper but I didn't allow his cock head to pierce my throat, a pleasure I reserve for paying clients. 

Chuck started thrusting his hips toward me trying to drive his cock deeper. 

I let him slip from my mouth and licked along the shaft and over his sagging ball sack. 

I looked up at him. "Cum in my mouth." I urged. 

He reached down and grasped his throbbing cock. 

"Let me jerk off in your mouth." Chuck pleaded. 

I smiled then said. "Go for it baby." My mouth opened and my tongue extended to accept his creamy offering. 

I watched as he jerked his cock feverishly, its shaft swelling noticeably as he stroked it. 

"Shoot your hot sauce in my mouth." I urged. 

His hand moved faster and faster as he approached climax. 

I urged him again. "Gimme that thick, creamy load." 

Chuck's eyes tightened into slits as his cock spewed hot cum onto my tongue. His cock sauce tasted as salty as his urine coated cock and I let him shoot every drop into my mouth. 

"Fuck me!" Chuck exclaimed as his balls drained themselves. 

I kept my mouth open showing him the puddle of cum he'd deposited then swished it around with my tongue before closing my lips and swallowing his thick salty load. 

I smiled then showed him my empty mouth before saying. "A good neighbor always swallows." 

As I stood up I reached for his softening cock. "Next time please wash up before you come over for a blowjob. 

He turned three shades of red knowing that his groin wasn't very clean. 

"I promise." Chuck replied. 

I grinned and answered. "Good, if you keep your promise I'll let you fuck my throat next time." 

Chuck smiled confirming there would be a next time. 

"I better get back; I have some chores to get done before the wife gets home. " Chuck said as he pulled his pants up. 

"Yes, you don't want to get in trouble with the little lady. " I said smiling widely at him. 

He grinned and said. "She plays bridge every Monday afternoon."

I laughed wondering if he expected a blowjob every week. 

"See ya soon." Chuck said as he headed for the back door. 

I just smiled and waved as he left. 

Having dispatched my horny old neighbor I was ready to spend an hour or so relaxing in a warm bubble bath. As I walked upstairs I wondered what it would be like if my neighbor was some young stud with a nice big cock instead of the paunchy old man Chuck. Of course I knew that Chuck would appreciate an occasional blowjob much more than any young stud. 

While I was giving Chuck a blow job the bubbles all but disappeared from the surface of my bath water. I turned on the hot water to warm up the water and recharge the bubbles. After a couple minutes I slipped my robe off and lowered myself into the tub. The warm bubble bath enveloped and instantly relaxed my body. I took another sip of wine and slid deeper into the water. While I soaked I again considered how I would describe the events of the weekend to Daddy in my report. I decided the truth was the best path to follow. I was fairly certain my position with Elegant Escorts would be safe but I wasn't so sure about Jasmine's and Tiffany's. I hoped that Daddy would give me a couple days to recover before sending me my next assignment. 

After nearly an hour in the tub my skin was beginning to wrinkle so I got out of the tub and dried myself with a fluffy towel. I slipped into a comfortable pair of shorts and a loose fitting tank top before sitting down to email my boss. The email was direct and to the point. I explained that Mitch had enjoyed his weekend immensely then went into the issues with Jasmine and her drug use. I did explain that Tiffany was a huge help in getting Jasmine through her ordeal in hopes that I could at least salvage her position with the company. I briefly mentioned how James had forced himself on me and asked Daddy not to accept any appointments from him in the future. I also asked Daddy to hold my pay envelope until next Monday since I was unable to meet him today to pick it up. After clicking send I took a few minutes to update my appointment calendar and filled in the amount of my tip from Mitch. I decided not to make myself available until later in the week so Friday was the first day I marked with an "A". Since Monday was supposed to be the day that I met Daddy to get my pay envelope I emailed him again and asked if he could just hold it until the following Monday. I was certain that wouldn't be a problem since Daddy would be able to hold my cash for an extra week. Finishing up I shut down my laptop and closed it. 

I spent the remainder of the day just piddling around the house doing laundry and cleaning up the place. I also called and made an appointment to have my nails done on Wednesday and put a call into my attorney Laura to check on her progress with my divorce. I left a message on her voicemail to give me a call back sometime today. 

It felt good snuggling under my comforter and in no time I drifted off to a restful sleep.

I slept in Tuesday morning, and wasted the rest of the day lounging in the yard and watching some television. 

"Margaret! I haven't seen you in months." Kim Son my manicurist said as I entered her shop Wednesday afternoon. Kim has been doing my nails for about four years and always has some great ideas on what will look absolutely perfect and sexy. 

"Hiya Kim." I replied as I walked toward her. 

It seemed strange for someone to call me by my real name. I have gotten used to hearing Angel but I hadn't been in to see Kim since I started my new job with Elegant Escorts. 

"You've changed your hair color." Kim remarked then added. "I like you as a blonde." 

"That's not all that's changed Kim, Barry and I have split up." I answered. 

Kim knew Barry since I'd invited her to a few parties at our house so it seemed appropriate to fill her in on that recent change in my life. 

"I'm sorry to hear that Margaret." Kim replied as I sat down in the chair at her work station. 

I lifted my hands and placed them on the table as I said. "I caught the bastard cheating on me with his slut secretary." 

"That doesn't surprise me, the last time I was at one of your parties he came on to me big time." Kim admitted. 

Kim is a beautiful Korean woman with long, jet black hair, perky B cup tits and shapely legs. Her eyes are incredible and I'm sure Barry fantasized about having her stare up at him while she sucked his cock. 

"Anyway I kicked his cheating ass out several weeks ago. Gonna take him for every frickin dime I can too." I remarked. 

"Good for you Margaret." Kim said as she reached for my fingers. 

After surveying my hands Kim looked up at me and shook her finger at me. "It's been too long since your last visit, your nails are in horrible condition." 

"I've been busy." I replied trying to explain why I hadn't been in to see her. 

"Nothing I can't repair." Kim said as she dipped one hand into a bowl of solution. 

"So what have you been up to lately?" Kim asked while she waited for the softener to take effect. 

I'm not sure why but it seems women always tell their manicurists and hair stylists all the juicy details of their life. I suppose it's kind of like what's heard in a salon stays in the salon. "After I kicked Barry out," I paused. "Actually before I kicked his sorry ass out I started looking around for something to satisfy my sexual needs." I explained. 

Kim smiled then said. "By something I assume you mean a thick cock?" 

I giggled and replied. "Yes and the bigger the better." 

"Ooooh that sounds divine; nothing feels better than having a big, thick cock filling you up as you bounce up and down on it." Kim said somewhat bluntly as she began working on the cuticles of one hand. 

I leaned closer to her and asked. "Have you ever tried a BBC?" 

Kim looked up from her work, a somewhat confused expression on her face. "A BBC?" 

I grinned and answered. "A big black cock." Kim just smiled which I figured meant that she'd had a black cock before. 

"I let a monster of a black man pick me up a couple months ago at a sports bar. Before that night I had no idea cocks came in that size." I began. 

"Tell me more." Kim answered as she continued working on my cuticles. 

Kim listened to my story intently. "This guy was so big he had to have the driver's seat remounted further back from the steering wheel. When I first touched his cock I couldn't get my hand completely around it." I continued. 

"Oh my goodness Margaret you must have had an awesome time." Kim said. 

I grinned before continuing my story. "As I stroked his cock it just kept growing and growing." 

"So how big was it when fully erect?" Kim asked. 

"He told me it was thirteen inches and I have no reason to believe he was exaggerating about that and the head stretched my lips almost to their limit." I said. 

"You sucked his cock?" Kim asked. 

"Of course, why wouldn't I?" I answered.

"How'd it taste?" Kim asked. 

"Different than a white man's cock, but not displeasing." I answered. 

"I know what you mean. A black dick has an earthy taste to it." Kim remarked admitting she'd sucked one before. 

I grinned knowing she and I had that in common. "Anyway once he was fully erect and I'd coated his shaft with saliva I just had to feel what it was like having his massive cock buried inside me." I said. 

"You fucked him in his car?" Kim asked. 

"Yep, right there in the parking lot of the bar." I admitted. 

Kim smiled widely. "That's so kinky." She said.

Kim started working on my nails as she waited for me to continue. 

"It gets even kinkier." I said. 

She smiled and said. "Tell me please!" 

"Since I fucked him that first night in his car I've seen him several times. I had to know what it felt like having thirteen inches of black cock stuffed in my ass and I needed to know if I could handle his monster shoved down my throat." I explained. 

"Now that sounds like fun." Kim answered. 

I giggled before continuing. "Trust me; it's more fun than one girl should be allowed to have. His cock stretched my ass completely and after working for several minutes I could stroke the head of his cock through my skin here." I lifted my free hand and rubbed along my neck to show her. 

"Really!" Kim exclaimed. 

"I had my head dangling over the edge of the bed and felt his nut sack pressing against my nose and eyes." I remarked letting her know I'd throated every inch of his massive cock. 

"Did he cum in your mouth?" Kim asked. 

"Absolutely and his balls produce more hot cum than any cock I've ever sucked." I answered. 

She grinned at me. "Did his cum taste extra salty?" 

I paused for a moment recalling Franklin's taste. "Thick, creamy and very salty." I answered. 

"I know what you mean, it's very salty but I loved it." Kim said admitting she's savored a black man's cum. 

"So you've sucked black cock?" I asked the obvious question. 

Kim laughed then explained. "In high school I was a cheerleader and gave the star running back of our football team a blowjob after he'd scored four touchdowns in one game. He pulled out just as he was about to cum and shot his load all over my face but I got enough of his load in my mouth to get a good taste." 

"Have you savored a big black cock since then?" I asked. 

She giggled then replied. "No, but I sure would like to again." 

Kim was ready to apply polish to my nails and suggested a french manicure. "White tips with a red base to accent your blonde hair." She suggested. 

"Sound's good." I answered. 

As she began I wondered if I should tell her the rest of the story. How I'd agreed to become one of Franklin's employees at Elegant Escorts. 

I decided to explore the possibilities. "Tell me something Kim. Are you making a decent living with your salon?" I asked. 

Kim thought for a moment then replied. "It's a struggle, there are so many nail salons now some days I only have one or two clients." 

"What if I said I know a way you could make a hundred times what you're making here?" I asked. 

She stopped what she was doing and looked me directly in the eyes. "I'd be interested but it sounds like something illegal." Kim answered. 

As she continued working on my nails I explained how Franklin had offered me a job with his company. I didn't hold back on anything, explaining in detail how the whole Elegant Escorts business works. When I told her how much potential there was to earn a ton of cash she seemed interested. 

"But isn't it nothing more than a high priced prostitute service?" She finally asked. 

I was totally honest with her. "That's exactly what it is but in ten years I'll have enough cash stashed away to quit the business and live comfortably for the rest of my life." I explained. 

As we waited for my nails to dry Kim asked another question. "So you don't spend anytime standing on a street corner waiting for men to approach." 

I laughed loudly; then said. "Kim I spent this past weekend in Cancun with a client, the closest I got to a street corner was when he and I were shopping for some expensive jewelry he wanted to buy for me." 
