 I slept till noon on Monday and fully expected I would again be reminded that my report to Daddy about my appointment with Ken Sacks was late. To my surprise he hadn't emailed me so I composed a new email to him completing my report and ending the email with an apology for the tartness of my report. I checked my email again Monday evening and found nothing from Daddy, which came as somewhat of a surprise since I was counting on hearing from him about his visit to Kim's nail salon. I was cleaning up the kitchen when I noticed the letter from Laura; I'd forgotten to call her today and placed the letter next to my coffee maker as a reminder to get in touch Tuesday. I showered and turned in early Monday night. 

Tuesday dawned bright and crystal clear a mid-autumn chill in the air. Unlike Sunday when I dressed in a tank top and shorts today I slipped on a pair of sweat pants and a baggy old sweat shirt. I didn't have my coffee on the patio knowing that my neighbor Chuck would most likely be stalking about looking to have his fat cock sucked to start his day. Carrying my laptop to the kitchen I sat down with my coffee and opened my email server. 

My inbox contained three new messages from Daddy. I opened the oldest and read the contents. "Angel, thank you for the report on your Sunday appointment I've heard from the client who wanted me to express his utmost gratitude to you for portraying his spouse at the picnic. You made quite an impression on the client as he's already booked another appointment for this coming weekend. More details to follow later in the week. Daddy" 

This email brought a smile to my lips; I'd expected Ken to request another appointment but not this soon. I would anxiously wait the full details from Daddy. 

His second email was sent a few minutes after the first. It read, "Angel I've taken the time to do a drive by of Kim's place of business. While I would prefer a one on one meeting to assess her qualifications to join our team, my initial impression from her appearance is that she could be a perfect fit for EE. Would it be possible for you to arrange a private meeting between Kim and me? I would rather not meet in such a public setting as her salon. I'm available Wednesday evening if that works for you and Kim. Thanks, Daddy." 

I didn't reply since I wanted to check with Kim to make sure she wasn't having second thoughts. I was certain that a private meeting at my home would be perfect. If Daddy wanted to assess her qualifications alone I could introduce them and then excuse myself and retreat to my bed room while he conducted the quote unquote interview. 

Opening the third email I began reading. "Angel, I've received a request from a gentleman who is asking for a special person to meet with his twenty year old son Thursday evening. You instantly came to mind as he wants someone who can train his son how a classy lady should be treated. I understand completely if you decline this appointment but once again I believe you're special talents are exactly what are called for in this circumstance. Please let me know if you are willing to handle this special request from a long time client. Thanks Daddy." 

I left this email open on my laptop and sat back in my chair. Daddy was offering me an appointment with a twenty year old, for lack of a better term, boy. I'm old enough to be his mother I thought and without any more details I had to assume this young man has some issues with treatment of women he encounters. I would certainly qualify as a MILF to him. I chuckled to myself thinking that Daddy felt I was best qualitied to be a mother he'd like to fuck. At twenty I was sure he is used to girls who dress in jeans and tee shirts and since Daddy had mentioned the term classy lady I already started thinking about how I'd dress for the appointment. A tight pencil skirt split seductively along one thigh, seamed silk stockings held in place with a black lace garter belt with a matching lace bra and thong; a white silk blouse and black jacket all accentuated by the highest pair of stilettos I own. 

Before I clicked on reply I made a quick call to Kim. 

As usual Kim answered with a cheerful, "Hello Kim's Salon." 

"Kim its Angel." I replied. 

"Hey Angel what's up?" Kim said. 

I wanted to question her interest in joining the EE team so I asked. "Are you still interested in what we talked about the other day?" 

Kim instantly replied. "I sure am, in fact I was wondering when I'd have a chance to meet with him." 

"I heard back from Daddy today; he would prefer meeting you in a more private setting than you place of business." I explained. 

"Tell me when and where." Kim answered quickly 

"Can you make a meeting Wednesday evening here at my place?" I asked. 

Kim paused a moment before asking. "He wants to meet me at your home?" 

"Actually he only said a more private setting; I'm going to suggest you and he meet here, that way I can introduce you to each other and there are more than enough rooms here that you two can have privacy." I replied. 

"Sounds okay to me." Kim answered. 

"Great, can I tell him you'll be here at eight o'clock?" I suggested. 

"Yep." Kim said. 

I gave her my address and told her it would be okay for her to park in the driveway. 

"See you tomorrow evening." I said before disconnecting our call. 

Back to my email, I clicked reply to the one I'd left open. I typed. "Daddy; Thank you for your emails I would be happy to handle both appointments you asked me about. I've spoken to Kim and she would be able to meet you tomorrow evening at eight o'clock. I'd suggest having that meeting here at my place so that I can introduce you to her then leave you alone to conduct the employment interview in private. If you are agreed I will leave the second garage door open so you can park unseen. Please let me know if this is agreeable to you. Angel." I clicked on send and left my laptop on just in case Daddy sent a reply later in the day. 

I freshened up my coffee and headed back upstairs. I took a quick shower all the while wondering exactly what Ken was planning for this weekend. Regardless of his plans I welcomed the opportunity to spend more time with him. His hard body and even harder cock excited me and if my assumption that weekend meant a couple days I'd have a chance to show Ken more of my sexual skills. I patted my body dry and wrapped a second towel around my wet hair. I slipped on my favorite fluffy white robe and headed downstairs. My laptop was still open on the kitchen table I pressed enter to wake it from sleep mode and then clicked on my email server. I had a new email from Daddy. It read, "Angel thank you for the great idea of having me meet Kim at your place. I'd like to get there about seven so I can fill you in on the details of your appointment Thursday evening and also the appointment for this coming weekend. I'll need a couple hours alone with Kim to conduct my pre-employment interview. I look forward to seeing you tomorrow night. Daddy." 

I shut down my computer and sat back in the chair. I recalled when without my knowledge Daddy had conducted my pre-employment interview in the front seat of his car. Remembering what it felt like as I slowly lowered my loins over his massive rock hard cock, what it felt like being completely filled with throbbing black cock. I recalled how his cock tasted when I took him in my mouth. I wondered if Kim a much more petite woman, would be able to handle Daddy's huge thirteen inch cock. She had told me that her specialty was anal sex but I wasn't sure she'd be able to deal with his huge cock head spearing her tight little sphincter. I'd find out tomorrow night. 

I was glad Daddy was planning on giving me the details of my Thursday night appointment with his long time client's twenty year old son. The fact that he felt I was perfect for the appointment told me that this young man either had some issues with women in general or had some kind of fetish for older women. I certainly fit the image of a MILF, and I was anxious to either train him about treating women the way they deserve or satisfy his fetish for a woman old enough to actually be his mother. 

I decided to go shopping for some new and exciting lingerie Wednesday afternoon. I recalled last Sunday when Ken had passed me off as his wife, and thought it would be fun to continue that role with a sexy bridal lingerie set. As I entered my favorite boutique the young sales girl greeted me. "Hello is there something special you're interested in today. 

I replied. "I'm looking for a bridal set." 

She smiled and asked. "Are you getting married?" 

"Not exactly." I answered. 

She led me to a section where everything displayed was pure white. "Here's what we have." She said sliding her hand along the top of the hangers designed to hold skimpy garments. 

I slowly slid the hangers apart surveying each offering and came to one that peaked my interest. Lifting it from the rack I held it up to look more closely at the three piece set. It had a lovely lace bra and matching cheeky panties with the cutest tiny blue bow at the top in front. 

"Look at the back." The sales girl said. 

I turned the hanger and found the words "I Do." spelled with blue rhinestones. 

"I love it." I instantly said. 

Along with the very sexy lace bra and panties the sent included a matching garter. 

"I'll take it." I said with a smile knowing with the right accessories this outfit would send Ken's mind racing. 

"Do you have white silk stockings?" I asked 

She smiled and offered. "Actually we have silk with the same lace as the set you're buying, and to add just a hint of naughty they have black seams." 

"Oh my!" I exclaimed. "Please show them to me." 

As we walked toward the stocking display I noticed a mannequin displaying an incredible wet look outfit. I'd have to check that out after I completed my bridal set. 

The stockings were perfect featuring a wide lace top that matched my bra panties and garter. I'll take two pair of these." I said. 

I'm not sure if this young sales girl was just trying to be helpful or just wanted to make a larger sale but she suggested. "We do have a few veils, if you interested." 

A veil would be just the right thing to set off this virginal bridal set I thought. "Let's take a look at what you have." 

Their selection wasn't very extensive but I did find a waist length veil that was trimmed with lace. It didn't match the lace of the other pieces but I was fairly certain that Ken wouldn't notice. It was the perfect length to cover everything except the lacy tops of my stockings. I thought the price was a little high but knew I'd recover the cost when Ken gave me my tip for the weekend. 

"Do you need shoes?" She asked. 

"Actually I have a pair of white stilettoes that will do just fine." I replied. 

She smiled and said. "You're good to go then. I hope your bridal gown is a pretty as all these undergarments. 

I just smiled and said. "It is." Not wanting her to know that a gown wasn't necessary for my purposes. 

She started toward the counter assuming we were finished. 

"I'd like to take a look at that red wet look number you've got displayed on that mannequin over there." I said. 

"Oh my, that is one sexy number." She replied as she placed my purchases on the counter. 

When I first noticed the outfit I could only see from the waist up, but now that I could see the entire mannequin I wanted it even more. It included a full nylon body suit, long sleeves and legs that covered your feet. What set it off was the outer garment in bright fire engine red wet look latex. The latex had a tight turtle neck top that fastened together at the back with Velcro. In the front it narrowed across the upper chest and had about a two inch wide strip that ran between your tits, below the chest it widened and fit snuggly around the lower back and under the crotch where another Velcro attachment held it together. I imagined how I would look in this very sexy outfit. Obviously my tits would be exposed although covered with the dark nylon body suit. My long shapely legs would be accentuated by the high cut of the latex at the hips. Unfortunately the nylon body suit did not have an open crotch which meant that it was most likely a wear once and discard garment. I stood there contemplating how to accessorize this sexy outfit should I decide to buy it. 

"So what do you think?" The friendly sales girl asked. 

"I think it's fabulous." I replied. 

She smiled and said. "You do know we're having a buy one and get a second outfit for fifty percent off sale this week?" 

I turned to her and said. "Really I didn't know that. I'll take it, but I still need to pick out accessories. 

"What did you have in mind?" She asked. 

"I'm going to want a pair of matching nylon gloves, and a pair of shoes." I answered. 

Again she smiled and said. "Wait right here." 

As she scurried off I turned and admired my half off outfit. I touched the nylon along one of the mannequin's arms. It had a very sexy feel to it and I couldn't wait to wear it for Ken. I ran one finger under the latex teddy where it narrowed at the chest. The mannequin had smaller tits than me and I wondered if this material might curl over when it dipped into my cleavage.

She returned with a lovely pair of nylon gloves, wrist length with a slightly darker band at the top and the pièce de résistance a pair of red ankle high boots that featured small gold pad locks at the side. I held them up to closely examine the quality. The heels were at least six inches high and walking any distance in them would be a challenge but I figured I'd only have to walk across a room so I wasn't worried about the height. "These are perfect." I said, than added. "I hope you have my size."

"We have every size; they're not a real big seller." She replied. 

I looked at the boots again the pad locks gave me an idea. "I don't suppose you have a red leather choker collar?" I asked. 

"We do and it has a large gold ring at the front." She answered. 

"Great add that to my sale." I said. 

As she bagged my purchases I thought I'd have to stop at a pet store and buy a red leash.

"Ok your total is two hundred thirty five dollars and sixty seven cents." She said. 

I pulled three crisp hundred dollar bills from my wallet and handed them to her. 

After handing me the change she smiled and sheepishly said. "Your groom is in for a real treat." 

"He sure is. Thanks for all your help." I said as I picked up my shopping bags and turned to leave. 

There is a pet store between the lingerie shop and the exit from the mall so I stopped there and purchased a short red leather leash. I knew the nylon and latex attire screamed submissiveness and I hoped Ken would at least get into making me his sex slave at some point during our time together. 

I pulled into my garage at five of six. Closing the garage door behind my Benz and opening the other for Daddy to park inside. I placed my shopping bags at the bottom of the stairway and returned to the kitchen. I should have stopped at the grocery store and picked up some light snacks for my guests but made do with a plate of cubed cheese and crackers and added some fresh vegetables with ranch dressing. Not much but after all they weren't coming by to eat. There were a couple bottles of beer in the frig and half a bottle of red wine so I had at least one round of drinks covered. 

Daddy is almost always prompt a characteristic I appreciate and as expected I heard his car pull into the garage exactly at seven o'clock. I walked over to the door to the garage and opened it just as Daddy stood up from his driver seat, reached around and pressed the door button closing the garage door behind his black Chrysler. 

"Angel it's great to see you." He said as he walked round the front of my Benz. 

I waited until he was close enough than gave him a huge hug as I said. "I always look forward to seeing you Daddy." 

We walked into the kitchen and I offered him a beer. "I'll hold off on that for now." He replied. 

"Let's go in the den." I said as I took his huge hand in mine and led him to my cozy den. 

"Will Kim be prompt?" He asked. 

One of the most important things Daddy stresses when meeting a client is promptness and I was sure he'd be rating Kim on that initially. 

"I'm sure she will be, she's very anxious to meet you." I answered. 

"Make yourself comfortable." I said motioning to the big overstuffed chair that Barry always sat in to watch his games. 

Daddy sat down and I noticed he used more of the chair then my soon to be ex-husband. I sat down on one end of the couch and crossed my legs. 

I was anxious to find out the details of my up-coming appointments and figured I'd prompt Daddy to give me the low down. "So tell me about this young man I'm seeing tomorrow evening." I said. 

Daddy began to explain. "His father has been a client for a very long time unbeknownst to the boy's mother. He has had several girlfriends all of which dumped him because of his abusive treatment."

I was somewhat taken back by the idea of meeting a young man who has a history of abusing women. 

"His father knows why his previous girlfriends have dumped him and discussed it with him. Apparently he didn't see it as abusive but through long conversations with is dad he came to the realization that he has no idea how to properly treat a woman." Daddy went on to explain. 

"I see, so I'm going to show him how a woman wants to be treated?" I asked. 

Daddy grinned and replied. "Exactly, but I want you to know that I questioned his father at length about the kind of abuse we're talking about and he assured me that the boy has no history of physical, but rather verbal abuse." 

I was relieved to hear that, but I knew going in that Daddy would never put one of his girls into a situation where there was any possibility of physical harm. 

Daddy reached into his breast pocket and pulled out an envelope. "Your tip has been paid in advance." He said leaning forward and handing me the envelope. I opened it and thumbed through a stack of one hundred dollar bills. "I like that." I said as I put the envelope on the end table beside me. 

"You will be meeting the client in the lobby of the Grand Hilton. His father has reserved a suite for you and his son. He wants to have a short conversation with you before you go up to the suite." Daddy went on to explain. 

I smiled. "I'll want to impress him since he's such a good client." I said. 

"How will I know who he is?" I asked.

"You won't, I've sent him a photo of you so he will approach you when you arrive." Daddy said. 

I just smiled at him. 

"I guess you're wondering about this weekend." Daddy asked. 

I continued smiling as I said. "I am; it sounds like Ken Sacks really enjoyed his class reunion picnic last weekend." 

Now it was Daddy who broke into a wide smile. "Trust me Angel he gave you very high marks. You impressed him with your ability to jump into the role play of being his spouse." 

I laughed and remarked. "What he didn't have anything to say about the time we spent together at his home after the picnic." 

"You shouldn't have to ask; after all he requested a second appointment in less than a week." Daddy said. 

"And from the sound of it this appointment will be for more than one evening." I remarked. 

"That's correct; he would like you to meet him at his home later Friday afternoon. From there you will travel with him to his vacation home upstate. I believe you will return sometime Sunday night." Daddy explained. 

I instantly became even more excited for the weekend. 

"He has requested two things. First he wants you bring a swim suit and second he'd like you to pack a classy cocktail dress." 

"I wouldn't schedule the appointment until he told me where he was taking you, but he's asked that I not tell you as he'd like it to a surprise." Daddy explained. 
