 The rain had about stopped by the time I guided the Benz into my garage. I tossed my purse and keys on the kitchen counter I immediately headed for the relaxing surrounds of my bedroom and bath. Kicking off my shoes I headed for the bath to start the water, a couple capfuls of my favorite bubble bath instantly started foaming on the surface of the water. I stripped out of my wet clothes and stepped into the tub sitting down in about 3 inches of water and bubbles I'd wash up while the tub filled then I could settle into the warm water to relax my muscles. 

As I ran the wash cloth over my breasts my nipples became erect, something that happens every time I bathe. I moved my hands down and gently washed my belly then moved down to my legs. It felt good touching myself and as the water covered my legs completely I spread my thighs and moved my hands up to cleanse my loins. My pussy was a little tender, no doubt from the three hard cocks I'd satisfied earlier but my loins reacted to my touch much the same way my nipples had moments earlier. I knew that like most times when I take a bubble bath part of the relaxation would include a slow sensual self-gratification.

The water was now lapping at my breasts and the bubbles had covered almost all of my tits. I reached down and turned the water off then settled back in the tub, then slide down so my head slipped under the water. I could shower after my soak to clean my hair but I wanted the feel of warm water over every inch of my being. 

I moved my hands up to my tits this time without the washcloth and slowly started massaging the lush full orbs paying particular attention to the twin nubs of hard flesh at their center. My tits have always been very sensitive be it the touch of my hands, or a man's hands, and even when a lover slides his hard cock between them through the soft flesh of my cleavage. I especially love having a man slap his cock head against my taut nipples. That always sends tingles through my chest. For now, I'd have to be satisfied with the pleasure I was providing with my own soft hands. I lay my head back and closed my eyes as I used my thumbs and index fingers to pinch and twist my nipples imagining as I did that a lover was sucking and nibbling gently on the sensitive flesh. 

The tingling spread from my chest down toward my loins and one hand followed moving between my thighs and finding my clit. I circled it several times with my middle finger causing it to harden noticeably. Again and again, my finger moved around pressing the hood of flesh protecting my clit, away so my digit could pleasure the most sensitive part. My loins were now fully aroused and I wanted something inside me. I abandoned my tits and moved the second hand below the first sliding my index and ring fingers along either side of my pussy lips. The sensation caused my middle finger to curl, slip between and into the warm flesh of my pussy. 

Pleasuring oneself has the distinct advantage of controlling the tempo, and I always start with a very slow rhythm. I began making smaller circles around my erect clit until the circles became nonexistent and I was just massaging directly on the hard nub of pleasure. Below my fingers continued to slide up and down over my lips and the important middle finger began probing deeper inside my moist slit. I imagined my finger to be a man's tongue probing and lapping my cunt. 

Ever so slowly I increased the intensity of my masturbation moving my fingers faster and deeper inside. The tingling in my loins spread accordingly and before long I began to feel the inevitable beginning of a sexual climax. Faster and faster, deeper and deeper I plunged my fingers into my quivering cunt as the climb to what is always an incredible orgasm reached its peak. Waves of pleasure washed over me much like the movement of my hands caused the bath water to splash up and over my heaving tits. I moaned loudly and pressed my fingers as deep as I could to try and extend the pleasure I was enjoying. 

As it subsided I withdrew my digits and moved my hands up to gently caress the spots where I'd started. My nipples still tingled but not nearly as intensely as my loins. I again slid down and ducked my head under the froth of bubbles then moved up and leaned back against the tub. 

The warm water, delightful bubbles, and my hands had me totally relaxed and it wasn't too long before I slipped into a restful sleep. 

I'm not certain how long I slept, but when I awoke the bath water had cooled considerable and the froth of bubbles on the surface had disappeared. I reached up with my foot and flipped the drain lever then stood up and pulled the shower curtain around the tub. After shampooing my hair and rinsing the bubble bath residue from my body I stepped out of the tub and patted myself dry. I wrapped one towel around my body covering my tits then used another to wrap up my hair. Walking from the bath to my bedroom I noticed the sky outside had only a few shades of color left telling me I'd slept for a fairly long time. 

Grabbing my laptop from the nightstand beside my bed I sat down in front of my make-up mirror. What make-up hadn't been removed by my dips below the surface of the water and my quick shower after was quickly removed. As I studied my reflection I noticed ever so tiny lines at the corners of my eyes. Something every woman fears, but something every woman must deal with. I was no longer the vibrant mid twenty's vixen that had married her college sweetheart, allowing him to transform her into his trophy with very expensive breast implants and show me off like his own personal whore. As I approached the big four O I've become a sultry mature woman who has learned to use her body and attitude to pleasure any man and salt away a nice nest egg for the time when my body begins to fail me, for now I was certain that time wasn't coming too soon especially since I could still let any man coat my tiny crow's feet with his hot cum. 

I logged into my email server to see if Daddy had an appointment scheduled for me to taste another man's cum. I had two emails from him, the first was somewhat disconcerting, Daddy was scolding me for not reporting more promptly on my appointment this afternoon. Apparently one of the three had emailed Daddy requesting another appointment and he could not reply until I'd completed my report. I replied to that one first assuring Daddy that the afternoon had gone very well and I would be happy to do a return engagement with any one of the three. His second email was about an appointment he'd arranged for Sunday afternoon. He explained that the client needed an escort for a picnic at one in the afternoon but wanted to reserve my time for the remainder of the day. I smiled knowing a twelve-hour appointment would most likely earn me a health tip. 

Daddy went on to explain that the client wanted his escort to dress in casual attire for the picnic but requested something more seductive for afterward. I jotted down the meeting location then clicked on reply and confirmed I'd be happy to handle this client. After closing my server and shutting down my laptop I removed the towel wrapped around my head and spent the better part of half an hour brushing out my blond locks. I slipped into a comfortable pajama set and headed for the kitchen to make myself something to eat. While my food heated in the microwave I started a load of laundry. I'd have a free day Saturday and decided to have a manicure and perhaps a pedicure. I was sure Kim would be able to squeeze me in tomorrow. After picking at the plate of left-overs and switching my laundry to the dryer I headed up to my bedroom and snuggled under my favorite comforter. In no time I drifted off to a peaceful sleep. 

I slept in until almost 9 and woke to the sound of rain falling outside; looking out of my bedroom window at what would be a gray gloomy day. Hopefully, the low-pressure system would pass today and not ruin the picnic I was scheduled to escort my next client to on Sunday. While I waited for the coffee to brew I gave Kim a call. 

"Good morning Kim's." She said answering the call. "Hey, Tina it's Angel." I replied. She didn't reply immediately but after a short pause answered. "Hi Angel, can I help you." That wasn't the normal greeting I received when I called then it dawned on me that Kim still thought of me as Peggy. "It's Peggy Kim." I said. "Peggy!" Kim exclaimed. "I'm glad you called." She added. "Can you squeeze me in today?" I asked. 

"Absolutely, come in anytime." She replied. I thought it was a bit odd that she could take me anytime especially since Saturday was normally her busiest day.

"That's great; I'll see you early this afternoon." I said. 

"Good you can tell me more about the business you're in now." Kim answered. 

"I'd be happy to. I replied. 

"Okay see you later Angel." Kim said before hanging up. 

I wasn't surprised that Kim had called me Angel which I took as I sign that she had given it some thought since we talked a few days ago. 

The rest of the morning was spent folding my laundry and straightening up the house a little. Since my asshole husband was no longer around to mess the place up while he fed his addiction to football that part didn't take too long. I made a mental note to remember to give Laura a call next week to see if any progress had been made on making him my ex-husband. 

It was still raining when I backed the Benz out of the garage and headed to Kim's Salon the solid blanket of gray clouds confirmed that this storm wouldn't be passing anytime soon. I lucked out and got a parking space directly in front of Kim's and made a mad dash for the door. 

Entering the salon I was greeted by Kim's wide smile brightening an otherwise gloomy day. "Angel!" Kim exclaimed as I walked toward her. "Hey Kim," I answered. 

Kim's Nail Salon is normally rather busy on a Saturday afternoon, but today it was totally empty. Gone were the two girls who handled manicures along with the customers they worked for. "What's up Kim, why is this place so dead?" I questioned my Asian friend. 

Kim explained that a chain salon had opened down the street and was running a grand opening special of eight bucks for a manicure. "I can't compete with that kind of pricing." Kim said. 

"So much for customer loyalty." I replied. 

"That's for sure; I don't know what I'm gonna do." Kim answered. 

As I sat down at her workstation I surveyed the young Asian woman before me. She has a lovely complexion, beautiful dark eyes and hair and thin lips. Her tight fitting tank top showed off petite tits and a very flat stomach. Kim had her hair cropped close to her scalp but used mousse to spike it into a sexy style. I was fairly certain Daddy would be interested in adding her to the Elegant Escorts roster of sexy ladies. 

As she worked on removing my nail polish she asked. "So what does it take to become an escort?" 

I thought for a moment recalling how I'd met Franklin by chance at Flanagan's Pub and allowed him to fuck me in his car outside. At the time I wasn't looking to become an escort so I wasn't quite sure how to approach the subject with Kim. "For me, it was realizing that I could earn a substantial amount of money doing what I love most." I replied. 

"Did you interview for the job." Kim asked. 

I giggled before replying. "My interview took place in the front seat of a Chrysler 300 in the parking lot of Flanagan's Pub. I met Daddy by chance and thought I was just going to enjoy riding a huge black cock." 

"Who's daddy?" Kim asked. 

"Daddy runs Elegant Escorts; I suppose I got a tryout as an escort that night without knowing it." I answered. 

"Would I have to try out?" Kim asked. 

"Oh yes, Daddy will want to discover what special talents you'd be able to offer a client." I said. 

Kim laughed before asking. "What special talent do you have?" 

I instantly thought about the second time I was with Daddy. "My husband went out of town for a football game a few days after I fucked Daddy in his car. I called and invited him to come to my place and showed him that I could throat any cock regardless of the size." I explained. 

"Just how big is his cock?" Kim asked. 

I smiled at her then said. "I've never measured it but it tickled the deepest part of my throat when I swallowed him that night."

"I have a talent that he might enjoy." Kim mentioned. 

Still smiling I asked. "And that would be?" 

"I love having my ass filled with hard cock; there's something about feeling a big juicy cock spear my ass that makes me relax totally." Kim said. 

"That's a talent that almost every one of our clients would enjoy." I answered. 

Kim had finished removing my polish and started filing my nails. "What do you want here?" She asked holding up on hand. 

"How about a sexy french manicure." I suggested knowing that would be good for a picnic setting the following day. 

As Kim began the process she asked more about Elegant Escorts. "How much do you make?" 

I wasn't about to tell her exactly how much I'd made but offered. "You can make as much as you want; it all depends on how many clients you agree to see." 

Kim clearly had some reservations about becoming one of Daddy's employees and asked. "How do you feel about being a prostitute Angel?" 

Good question I thought, I paused knowing my answer might be the deciding factor in Kim's decision to join Elegant Escorts. 

"I know what I do is technically prostitution, but it's not like I'm standing on some isolated street corner waiting for my next twenty dollar trick to pull up. All our clients are vetted to make sure they are upscale men with lots of cash. I can decline any appointment I choose. I've had clients call me a whore but to be honest I take that as a kind of compliment knowing that what I do for them isn't something they can get at home or with a quote unquote date." I explained. 

"And the money is good?" Kim asked. 

"It's very good." I instantly replied. 

"When do I meet this daddy?" Kim asked. 

I waited a moment before asking. "Are you sure you want to do it?" 

Kim instantly replied. "I'm not going anywhere with this nail salon and god knows I don't want to waitress in some Chinese buffet, so yes I'm sure." 

I wanted to be very sure she was completely on board so I asked another question. "You understand that you'll have to fuck him as part of the process?" 

"I do and I'm looking forward to having his big black cock stuffed in my tight little ass." Kim answered before giggling. 

"You'll have an opportunity to back out after that happens, but once Daddy offers you a position and you accept he will be making a financial commitment to you which kind of locks you in." I explained.

"What's that all about?" Kim asked. 

"Daddy will make arrangements for you to have a photo shoot done for pictures he uses on the web page and will give you a cash advance to purchase a wardrobe appropriate to Elegant Escorts' standards." I explained. 

Kim smiled and answered. "I like the sound of that." 

I got the feeling that Kim was serious about joining Elegant Escorts so I offered. "I'll email Daddy tonight and let him know you're interested." 

"Thanks so much Angel." Kim replied. 

Her smile widened as she finished up with my nails and accepted the one hundred dollar payment for her services. 

"I'll let you know what Daddy says." I said before leaving her shop. 

As I drove home I contemplated how I'd approach Daddy with Kim's interest. I knew he was most likely looking to replace one or two employees after the incident in Cancun. When I arrived home I opened Elegant Escorts web page, Jasmine's profile was no longer there confirming that Daddy would have nothing to do with an employee who uses drugs. Tiffany was still there and I assumed my report had something to do with that. 

I switched over to my email server and started composing an email to Daddy. I made several attempts to find the right words to explain that I had a friend who was interested in joining his staff. I wasn't sure he wanted employees recruiting girls. 

I decided to just be forthright with him. I explained that I noticed Jasmine is no longer with the company and that if he was looking for a possible replacement I could offer Kim. I described her as a petite Asian girl with short dark hair and small tits. I offered the address of her nail salon if he wanted to take a look at her before making any commitment ending the email with an apology if I'd overstepped my place making a suggestion for a new girl. I clicked send with second thoughts swirling in my brain. 

Turning my attention to my appointment on Sunday I needed to select something casual and classy for the picnic and for later in the day something a bit sultrier. As I looked through my closet I found a pale yellow sundress with a peasant top that I could wear over or off my shoulders. I'd have to opt for a strapless bra to suit either choice. I also found a lovely lace top which I could wear with a pair of shorts or jeans. I tried the sundress on without a bra and while I loved how my tits looked under the garment I was fairly certain it would be a little too much. The dress extended just below my knees; with a pair of lower heeled sandals, enough of my legs would show to impress nearly any man. I picked the sundress without even trying the lace top on. Daddy's email indicated the client wanted something more seductive for the later part of the appointment which I assumed would be a private setting where I'd be alone with him, if my assumption was incorrect I could remove my bra and lower the peasant top turning the sundress into something more seductive until I was alone with the client when I could excuse myself and go completely sultry. For that, I chose a decadent chiffon lace gown with a stretch lace front and a functioning long silver zipper slit detail, it has a low neckline and back and a matching chiffon thong. With this see through gown I could show off my ample tits and my long stiletto enhanced legs. An outfit perfect for seduction; guaranteed to produce a rock hard erection. 

I packed the gown and stilettos in a small overnight bag along with make-up for the later part of the appointment while laying the sundress and undergarments over the back of my make-up table chair. Slipping on a pair of loose fitting shorts and a baggy tee shirt I headed downstairs to make myself some dinner. I'm still trying to master cooking for one so after I finished my meal I put the leftovers in the frig. 

I'd turn in early and get a good night sleep since it appeared there was the real possibility of a late night Sunday. My laptop was still open and the new mail icon had appeared on my desktop. I enlarged the server window and was happy to see an email from Daddy. It read. "Angel I appreciate you sending the information about a possible addition to Elegant Escorts. Since I fired Jasmine I've been looking for a replacement and your friend might just fit the bill. I've had more than a few requests for an Asian from prospective clients. I'll take a run by her salon Monday to see if she might be a prospect. You didn't include the address in your email so please give me that when you read this. If she is anything like you described I'll be anxious to meet her and discuss the possibilities. Thanks for your input. Daddy." I replied with Kim's Salon address and promised to give him a report on my Sunday appointment as soon as physically possible. 

I awoke to a bright sunny Sunday morning a great day for a picnic even though it was early November I was certain it would warm up nicely by mid-day when I was to meet my client. I slipped my favorite terry cloth robe over my shorts and tee shirt and made my way downstairs to brew a pot of coffee. While I waited for the coffee I leafed through a stack of mail I'd gathered from the foyer floor. More junk mail than normal since the political campaigns were in a frenzy trying to sway all the voters to their side. I tossed them all in the trash and put the bills on the kitchen table. The one piece of mail I opened was from my lawyer, Laura who wrote that she had not been able to contact me by phone but she wanted me to know that Barry had agreed to almost all my terms. Apparently, my threat to drag his affair with his secretary into an open court battle was something he didn't or couldn't afford to happen. Laura asked if I could call her when I got the letter to schedule a time to meet at her office and review the settlement documents. I folded the letter and left it on the table as a reminder to call her Monday. 
