 Entry 01

Diagnosed with Hypersexuality

Dear Diary,

I already have a Diary that I write in daily. Given what I learned and what happened, I have decided to start a second diary. A written record of the more unusual things that happen to me. And I will start with today.

It is September 5th and I have just come back from the Doctor's office. Not the kind of Doctor you go to when you hurt yourself. This Doctor was a Psychologist.

I guess it all started about a year ago. I found myself having sex with different men all the time. I even had a couple of guys I could call at any time of the day or night. You know, bed buddies. The kind everyone has but few admit. I thought everything was normal. Well, I knew I had a stronger sex drive than most woman, but I thought that was all there was to it. As time when on I started to notice things about me. I was always horny. If I couldn't have sex with a guy, I would masturbate. Sometimes three or four times a day. Always at least twice. I can't explain it, but I just needed to be stimulated.

I was reading some articles online and I ran across a story about a house wife that had similar urges. Though hers cost her, her marriage. It said she suffered from a psychological disorder. That got me thinking about what I was going through. As well as where I might end up. I decided to find a psychologist and see if I really had a problem or was just imagining things. Here is how it went.

*****

"Paige Edwards?" Called the receptionist.

"Yes. That's me." I answered, as I got up from my chair.

"Dr. Fuller is ready for you. Please go in"

I have to admit, I was incredibly nervous. I had never been to a shrink before. I had always thought it was just sad or lonely people.

"Hello Paige. I'm Dr. Fuller. Why don't you have a seat?" Gesturing towards a sofa with a coffee table in front.

"Thanks." I sat down and waited as he took his seat in a chair on the opposite side of the table. Watching him, sizing him up. He wasn't a bad looking guy. In his mid forties. A little gray around the temples, but in good shape.

Dr. Fuller Picked up a paper tablet and pen off the table. "So Paige. How can I help you today?"

"I have a problem. Well. I'm not actually sure it's a problem. It may just be me overreacting." I said skirting around the answer.

Dr. Fuller smiled at the evasion. "Why don't you tell me what you think is wrong and I will tell you if it is a problem?"

I couldn't believe how uncomfortable I was. I kept fidgeting on the sofa. "It's about sex."

"I see. You do know there are a lot of young woman who suffer from Female Sexual Arousal Disorder. A lack of libido. There are several..."

"Sorry Doctor." I said interrupting. "It's not a lack of sexual drive. It's the opposite. I want to have sex all the time. From when I wake up in the morning until I go to sleep. I am always aroused."

"I see. That is what we refer to as Hypersexuality. While not as common as FSAD, we do see it."

I was so embarrassed. I couldn't believe I was sitting here telling a stranger I was always horny.

Dr. Fuller began to scribble in his note pad. "Tell me exactly some of the things you feel and experience as well as how you deal with them."

I could feel my entire face go bright red. "Could I maybe lie down and tell you. You know, so I can stare at the ceiling or something while I talk."

"Of course."

I put my feet up and smoothed my skirt. "Well. I guess it starts when I wake up. Sometimes I wake up with the alarm, but mostly I wake up because I start to ache down there. It happens every morning."

"Is it just an aching feeling?" Asked the Dr.

"No. It's, you know arousal." I was tempted to just leave it at that, but at one-hundred and fifty dollars an hour. I decided I better not waste time. "I wake up and my panties are soaked through. I can feel the heat radiating between my thighs. And it won't stop unless I do something about it. I keep a vibrator in my night stand. That's how I satisfy my morning urges."

I looked over to where the doctor was writing. I couldn't believe it. He had gotten a hard-on listening to me. He had crossed his legs trying to conceal it, but he must have had a nice size one, because it was still clearly poking up. Seeing him hard started to make me horny. I could already feel my panties getting wet. I immediately noticed he wasn't wearing a wedding band.

"Once you have satisfied your urges. Is that it for the day?"

"No. Some times I will meet a guy. No one in particular and end up having sex with them. If I can't find some one, then I have a couple of guys who are, you know, friends with privileges. If they are busy, then I just masturbate."

"How often does this occur?"

"At least three times a day, usually more."

I swear I thought the Dr. was going to drop his clipboard. He had even adjusted his legs to an angle so he could better hide his erection. I couldn't believe how horny it was making me, just talking about sex. My entire body felt like it was on fire. All I wanted to do was hike my skirt up and start fingering myself right there.

"Is there anything that sets it off or is it just random?"

"Sometimes as random as a thought, but anything will set me off. A lingerie store, a good looking guy, a sex scene on TV, a sexy woman. The list goes on."

"I see. What do you do if your in a situation were you can't stimulate yourself?"

"I don't know. I have never been in that situation."

Dr. Fuller gave a small chuckle. "I mean what if you're in your car or at a restaurant or at some public event?"

"Well. I think that is why I always wear skirts. If I get an urge, I just hike it up and play with myself. If I am at a public function, I usually don't have trouble finding a guy to go off with me for a few minutes. If I'm alone, I just go to my car or the bathroom. I keep a bullet in my purse."

"A bullet?"

"It's a small vibrator"

"Do you have sex with a lot of different partners?"

"Yes. At least one a week."

"You know that unprotected sex is one of the biggest dangers to woman who are hypersexual."

"I always keep condoms in my purse. Usually a dozen or so." Looking at the Dr. "Is that my biggest concern? STDs."

"No. There are a few other concerns. It can cause strain on relationships, lead to infidelity, sometimes it can also cause depression. It is also occasionally associated with Bi-polar disorder. Do you ever get in severe mood swings or loose your sex drive completely?"

"No. I'm pretty much horny all the time. As for the other concerns, I'm not in a relationship with anyone and I never really get depressed. Sad sometimes, but not depressed."

"How long has this been going on?"

"I've always had a healthy sex drive. It wasn't until just over a year ago, that it got...Overactive."

"How do you feel right now?"

I can't explain how, but I knew that question was coming. And more, I wanted to tell him just how aroused I was. "Aroused. I can feel my panties sticking to me. My nipples hurt as well. My entire body feels hot, like I have a temperature. All I want to do is..."

"Yes?"

"Touch my self. Or better yet be touched."

By this point my lust had now completely consumed me. Thinking back, I couldn't believe what I said and did.

Turning over onto my right side. "Dr. Fuller. Would you like to touch me?"

Dr. Fuller was shocked. His mouth opened but nothing came out right away. After a couple of seconds he got his composure. "I am flattered Paige. But I don't think that would be appropriate. I am your Doctor."

I was no longer able to control myself. I got off the sofa, walked up to Dr. Fuller. Grabbed his clipboard and placed it on the table. "Fine. You're fired." I then straddled his lap and started to kiss him.

He resisted a little at first, but I am no bored housewife. I was a 22 year old, 5'8", one hundred and fifteen pound bombshell in heat.

After a minute he started to return my kiss. I grabbed his hands off my waist and placed them under my skirt and onto my ass. He took it from there. His hands rubbing and squeezing my ass. I could feel his bulge pressing into my overheated pussy. I took off my blouse and unsnapped my bra, letting my recently purchased size C breast out. I took the Dr.'s head and placed it between $7000 worth of perfectly round, firm breast. As he sucked on me breast and flicked my nipples with his tongue, I started to undo his pants.

I reached inside his boxers and gripped seven inches of hot throbbing flesh. It was so warm and smooth. I could feel it pulsating in my hand. I stroked it, sliding my hand up and down the entire length.

I got off his lap and knelt in front of him. I pulled down his pants and boxers so his cock was now completely exposed. I rubbed his cock on my face. The smooth silky feel of the skin on my cheek felt wonderful. I gripped his balls with my left hand and began to message them. I then licked the entire length of the shaft. As I got to the head I could already see the slight glisten as precum began to form at the tip. I took his cock into my warm, wet mouth. Pushing it in until I could feel it at the back of my throat. Loving the feel of the smooth skin as it ran across the top of my tongue. I then began to go to town. I sucked hard on his cock as I messaged his balls at the same time. As I looked up I could see Dr. Fuller's head tilted back. Small moans of pleasure escaping his lips. I smiled knowing he would not last long.

His cock slid in and out of my mouth. Every three or four strokes I would push it down my throat. I had lost my gag reflex years ago. As I took his cock out of my mouth for a moment, a long string of saliva still connected his cock to my lips. I pumped his cock with my fist. My hand sliding easily up and down his shaft as my own saliva made an excellent lubricant. I played with the tip of his cock with my tongue. Trying to dig out his precum with my tongue.

No longer able to stand the heat coming from between my legs, I got up with out a word. I could feel his eyes on me as I walked to his desk. Probably wondering what I was doing and why I had stopped. When I got to his desk, I spread my feet apart and bent over so that I was leaning on my elbows. I arched my back so that it hiked up my dress and put me in a submissive position.

Dr. Fuller didn't need any more invitation. I heard him approach and felt him slide my thong to the side. He then inserted a couple of fingers into my soaking wet pussy. I arched my back even more. The feel of his fingers inside me and the palm of his hand as he cupped my ass was wonderful. The slurping, gushing sound of his fingers going in and out of me made me even hotter.

After a few minutes of being fingered he withdrew his fingers and I felt his cock against my entrance. It didn't take any effort at all for him to slide it in. One thrust and he buried the entire thing inside me. With my thong pushed securely to the side, he placed both hands on my hips and began to thrust in and out of me. I could feel the orgasm building inside me. I don't know if it was the sex itself, the fact that his secretary was in the next room and could walk in any moment or that I had compromised the Dr. so easily. Perhaps a little of all three.

Dr. Fuller fucked me in a steady rhythm. He was not particularly imaginative, so I decided to help him out. I grabbed his right hand that was resting on my hip and brought it to my mouth. I then inserted his thumb and began to suck on it as if it were a cock. Rolling my tongue around it and smearing saliva all over.

"Dr Fuller?" I said after I pulled his thumb out of my mouth.

"Yes Paige?"

"Does this feel good?"

"Of course. You feel absolutely incredible. Doesn't it feel good for you to?" He asked a little self-consciously.

That was what I wanted to hear. That slight hesitation in his voice and a desire to please me. "I want you to do something that will make it even better. Now that your thumb is all wet, I want you to put it on my ass and push slowly."

His hand moved from near my mouth. I then felt his hand on my ass just above the hole. The Doctor then began to rub his saliva coated thumb on the opening of my ass. He slowly began to apply more pressure and I felt his thumb slide in about half an inch. I was really turned on now.

"That's it Dr. Fuller. Fuck me. Stick your thumb all the way in my ass. Fuck me hard. I know you love the idea of having one of your patients bent over your desk. Give me what I need. Make it feel better."

"Is this what you want?" Asked Dr. Fuller as he buried his thumb in my ass and began to fuck me harder.

"Oh god yes!" I screamed. It was intense. His cock sliding in and out, his balls hitting my clit with each thrust. The way he wiggled his thumb around in my ass. It was all more than I could take. I began to shudder as I orgasm.

"Oh god Dr. You're making me cum. Keep fucking me!" I screamed.

Wave after intense wave racked my body. I could feel my own juices sliding down my thighs. The gushing sound of his cock thrusting into my drenched pussy was the only other sound besides our heavy breathing.

A couple of minutes later I heard Dr. Fuller began to make some grunts as he began to thrust harder into my pussy. I could also feel his thumb trying to push even deeper into my ass. His left hand left my hip and went slightly around my waist, pulling me into his cock. The Doctor trying to penetrate me as deep as possible.

"That's it Dr. Fuller. Fuck this twenty-two year old pussy. I want to feel you cum deep inside me."

A few seconds later I could feel the jets of hot sperm coating the inside of my pussy. He dumped load after sticky load. His cock pulsating with each blast. It must have been quite a while for him given the amount of cum he was releasing in me. When he was finished, he continued to slide his now deflating cock inside me. Sliding out easily with all the natural lubrication and when he pushed it in forcing out some of the sperm. Still bent over the desk I could see it spilling onto the floor. Long strands of cum stretching several inches from my vagina before breaking and hitting the carpet.

When Dr. Fuller was finished and pulled out, I moved my thong back over and smoothed out my skirt. Turning to face the good Dr. I reached out and grabbed his semi-erect cock and kissed him on the lips.

"Thank you for the session Dr. Fuller. I hope maybe we can have another one sometime."

"It was my pleasure Paige. Anytime you want to come back, you're welcome to." Replied Dr. Fuller.

I grabbed my hand bag and walked to the door. Before opening it I turned around and asked, "Just out of curiosity. How much is this session going to cost me?"

Dr. Fuller smiled. "I'll take care of the bill before I leave. No charge."

I opened his office door and walked out. Walking past the receptionist I could still feel sperm running down the side of my leg and wondered if the receptionist could see it. All in all it turned out the Dr. was able to help me. I would have to give him another visit. I drove home with a smile on my face. Already beginning to feel the tingling between my legs as I thought about what had just occurred.