 CHAPTER 1 

I started late in life - at least by today's standards - most of my friends had lost their virginity by the age of fifteen of sixteen, some even as early as thirteen. I on the other hand managed to hold out until my senior year and my eighteenth birthday. Hell I didn't even know what a penis looked like until that day! If only I had known what I was missing out on, I probably would have been the first girl in my school to pop her cherri.

It wasn't that I hadn't had the opportunity; I have had plenty of dates and a couple of boyfriends, all of who had tried to take it all the way. I had never even let them feel my boobs up. I had the looks too. I knew I was a good looking young woman - not in a conceited, I'm better than you so don't even try and approach me type of way - no I just knew that I was a beautiful woman. My mom was good looking, what most guys would consider a MILF, and my dad was a good looking guy when he was still alive.

I'm 5' 6" tall with a slim shapely figure, my tits are not huge but they're not small either. They fill out a C cup quite nicely. I have long slender legs topped off by a nice heart shaped ass and a small waist. My hair is long and curly and naturally red... and yes, the carpet does match the drapes at least they used too. Recently I've grown accustomed to shaving my pussy bald and prefer it that way or with a small landing strip. 

But no, the problem was, I had this ideal of it being a perfect first time and that I wanted to be in love with the person I was with. I soon realized though that love and sex did not have to go hand-in-hand. I also realized that I did not want to tie myself down to just one person at least not for a long, long time.

But now on to my first story.... My eighteenth was starting out pretty fucking shitty. My parents left the day before on a two week cruise that they hadn't even told me about until they were literally heading out the door. My mom handed me $500 dollars, gave me a peck on the cheek and said that they would be back in two weeks. My step-dad swatted me on the ass - holding his hand there for far longer than was appropriate, not that it was appropriate for him to swat my ass in the first place - and told me not to burn down the house. Not even a fucking happy birthday, nothing!

Sadly it was pretty typical behavior really, ever since mom remarried a year ago. Tim, my stepfather was always ogling me and mom, well... she just seemed to never have time for me anymore.

Anyway, I digress. It was Saturday morning and my birthday, my family was gone and I really didn't have any plans so I figured I would just spend another boring day at the house. An hour later I had finished eating breakfast and was cleaning up the kitchen when I heard the front door open. I wasn't expecting anyone to just come waltzing through the door and was a little apprehensive when I stepped into the hallway to see who it could be. 

"Great, could this day get any worse?" I thought to myself as I saw Mark, my stepbrother walk through the door. It wasn't that Mark and I didn't get along; we really didn't know each other very well. He was twenty-two and in collage and we had only met a few times considering my mom and his dad had only met a year and a half ago. I thought of him as kind of a nerd. Like I said earlier, I'm not hung up on looks – and soon I would discover that looks or age didn't matter to me at all – but Mark was a goofy guy. He was 6 ft. on the dot, skinny, as in no muscular build. He had shaggy black hair and up until a couple of months ago when he switched to contacts had thick black glasses. Add a pocket protector and he would have fit in perfectly with the cast from 'Revenge of the Nerds'. Other than that Mark was a nice enough guy... he did insist on calling me 'little sis', which I didn't really like.

"Hey little sis," he said as he put his laundry basket by the door.

"I'm not your sister." I said with a hint of annoyance in my voice, then asked, "what are you doing here Mark?"

"Came to see the family and do some clothes. I'll be heading back tomorrow morning,"

"So the parents didn't tell you either?" That made me feel slightly better. Though they probably didn't think about it considering he didn't actually live here.

"Tell me what?" he asked.

"They took off yesterday. They'll be gone for two weeks," I told him.

"What? That's kind of fucked. I mean, not for me, I really don't care. But today is your birthday and it's a pretty important one too. I think it's kind of shitty that they left you alone on your eighteenth." He said and then handed me a neatly wrapped box complete with gold colored ribbon and bow on top. "It's not much," he said, "but happy birthday, Maggie."

I don't know what made me feel better, that he remembered my birthday or that for once he didn't call me 'little sis'. I was a little choked up as I said, "Thank you, Mark."

"You're welcome, now open it."

I did, carefully removing the bow and the wrapping paper. Inside was a cute little charm bracelet with one Aquarius charm for my birth month. "Thank you, Mark, I love it," and I really did. It reminded me of my childhood when my dad used to bring me home charms from his business trips.

"Well don't get too sentimental little sis, I just picked it up, remembering that it was your birthday."

The 'little sis' kind of burned me, but not so much this time, all I could say was, "at least you remembered." I was thinking of my own mom and lascivious stepfather who hadn't even bothered to wish me a happy birthday.

"Well, I'm off to start laundry and lay down for a bit." He said, then gave me a kiss on the cheek, which he had never done. "Can you wake me up in a couple of hours?" he asked.

"Sure," I said.

He got his clothes started and I watched some TV. I flipped through the channels for a good hour when I got bored with nothing on. I decided to check on Mark's laundry, seeing as he had brought me a gift and all. The laundry room was right across the hall from the guest room – which Mark always used – and I noticed that his door wasn't fully shut. I didn't think much of it because he always left his door open some.

What drew my attention was him calling my name. "Maggie," I heard. I thought maybe he had just seen me and wanted to talk to me, so I approached the door. What I heard next stopped me dead in my tracks.

"Oh, Maggie, that's it hon. Please suck my dick, ohhhhhh... you do it so well." Now, I had never even seen a dick let alone put one in my mouth. I had heard friends talk about it, but could never actually picture doing it myself. Hearing those words though gave me a strange tingling between my legs. I was getting aroused, my pussy was getting wet and I could feel my panties getting sticky with moisture.

I had the momentary thought that I should just go back upstairs and just leave Mark to his own personal thoughts and desires. That passed quickly though as curiosity got the better of me. Slowly I tip-toed to the door, it was open about six inches and I could clearly see Mark lying on the bed covered only by a thin sheet. Now I might be a virgin and know next to nothing about sex, but I wasn't stupid either. I knew where a penis was located on the male anatomy, even if I didn't know what one looked like. And I also knew that they started out small and got a lot bigger the more aroused a guy got. And from the look of the sheets tented at his waist it seemed to me that Mark had a fairly large hard-on.

I could feel my face heating up from embarrassment as I quickly looked to Mark's face, sure that I had been caught spying, but no he was sleeping, passed out cold. He was actually dreaming about me in a sexual way. That turned me on more; my stomach was tightening up some as I got more and more aroused. My pussy was heating up as well and felt as though it was literally dripping fluid. At this point I felt like I was in a daze. My brain was torn; one thought was to turn and walk away the other was to pursue these new urges that I was having. My body seemed to know what it wanted and was not listening to the more rational part of my brain. I wasn't sure what I was going to do if Mark woke up, but I was eighteen now and while, yes, I had always told myself that I wanted to wait for love, I couldn't seem to stop myself. 

I rationalized that all I was interested in doing was looking, finally seeing what a penis actually looked like – I certainly was not interested in doing what Mark had asked while in his dream state. No I just wanted to look at it... that was all. Quietly I crept into the room keeping my eyes on Mark's face the whole time, even though that's not where I wanted to look. I had to make sure he didn't wake up, after all. 

I arrived at the bed side, he was snoring slightly – not loudly – it was actually kind of cute. My hands were shaking and sweaty as I nervously reached for the edge of the sheet, I was ready to bolt at the first sign of Mark waking up. Not that I thought I would actually make it before I was caught, no... if he woke up now, I was screwed. I'd never be able to explain what I was doing in his room while he slept. But, I no longer cared, my body was being driven on by urges that I didn't fully understand but knew that I couldn't control. The sheet felt cool against my heated fingers and taking one last deep breath to steel my nerves I lowered the fabric down, down until finally I saw the object of my desire. I stared at it, not quite sure what I had been expecting, and I found it to be beautiful. It was long and thick with a large mushroom top head; it was hard as a rock but looked soft and silky. I wanted to touch it, feel it. And even as I thought no, my hand was already reaching for it. 

With my mind on something else I had forgotten all about keeping my eyes on Mark's face and almost jumped out of my skin when I heard a soft voice saying, "you can touch it if you want."

I was just about to run from the room – I was mortified – but then lightening quick, his hand was around my wrist. 

"Don't go, Maggie," he whispered. 

His grip was not rough or even restraining, but I felt rooted in place, unable to move or even look away from his eyes – I never realized how blue his eyes were. But then, my gaze returned to what had originally brought me into his room. His dick was now bobbing up and down as though it had a life of its own. It was fascinating to watch; I looked closer and could see a drop of clear liquid seeping from the tip. My right hand, the one not being held slowly reached out and felt the drop of moisture rubbing it against the bulbous tip. 

"What is it?" I asked.

"What?" he gaped at me, "you know what it is, it's precum!" 

I got mad at him, and almost left, I was more embarrassed than anything, but I stood my ground and said, "No Mark, I don't know what it is." I almost shouted that at him, and then sheepishly said, "I've never seen a penis before Mark. I guess that means you'll stop fantasizing or dreaming about me from now on." I felt close to tears.

Now he was the one who looked embarrassed as he said, "I'm sorry, Maggie. I guess I just assumed that you had had sex before. I mean, look at you, you're beautiful."

"Thank you, but no, I've never had sex before" I said.

"Would you like too?" he asked bravely.

I think I almost slapped him for being so forward, but at the same time the idea was intriguing. I wasn't sure that I could actually go through with it or at least go all the way. Fuck! I was eighteen, what was I afraid of, (?) I had to lose my cherri one of these days, and somehow instinctively I knew that my stepbrother would be gentle and that he would stop if I asked him too. 

"You were dreaming about me." It wasn't a question. I almost dared him to deny my statement.

It was his turn to turn three shades of red, but he didn't deny it and surprised me even further when he told me, "I have since the day I met you."

I was shocked by his confession and yet extremely turned on by it. It sent a shiver through my whole body. He had been wanting me and dreaming about me since we had first met? Now as I said before, I thought of Mark as kind of a nerd and he was definitely not the most handsome guy I had gone out with or been asked out by for that matter. But at that moment in time he was the best looking guy I had ever seen and had the nicest looking penis I could ever imagine seeing. In the days, weeks and month that followed I would soon discover that looks meant absolutely nothing to me and his dick was definitely not the nicest I could imagine, and yet it was still a very good specimen. 

"Is that what you want," I asked, "for me to put it in my mouth? Is that what you like?" 

"Honestly, I don't really know. I haven't been with that many girls, and none of them were willing to give me a blowjob. But I think about it a lot, probably because I've never experienced it before."

'Blowjob' the word sounded hot and dirty, but I liked the way it sounded in my head. I still wasn't sure if I wanted to do that. Hell, I wasn't sure what I wanted. All I did know was that my reluctance to lose my virginity was quickly fading. I felt that it was time, besides I had Mark lying here before me, naked, and from the looks of it he was more than ready and willing. 

"What do you want me to do?" I asked.

"Do whatever you want to do," he said. "Stroke it up and down, kiss it, put it in your mouth."

He was already moaning so much just from my physical presence that his words were jumbled, but I got the jist of what he wanted. I took a deep steading breath and wrapped my hand around his shaft; it felt hot and pulsed as though it had its own heartbeat. It felt good, as if it belonged there. 

He released my wrist, put his hands under his head and said, "Do whatever you want to do. I'll never force you to do what you don't want to do, Maggie. For the time being this is your experience, you call the shots."

He was so sweet and undemanding that I knew I couldn't leave him in this state. Besides, I had heard that leaving a guy in a state of arousal could actually cause him pain. I didn't know if that was true but I didn't want Mark to suffer just in case. I wasn't going to do that to my new man, - yes, at that moment, in my head anyway, I thought of him as my man. I slowly rubbed my hand up and down going all the way to the base of his dick where his balls rested in a nest of black curly hair and back up to the large purplish head. If I had to guess I would measure him at about seven inches and I couldn't imagine that thing fitting in my pussy. That thought brought a new worry to me, what if I couldn't take him in, what if I couldn't satisfy him? Would he laugh at me and ridicule me for my inexperience? I decided not to dwell on it at the moment, and just kept stroking his penis. With every stroke on his dick more and more of that mysterious precum seeped from the tip, it made the head slick and I worked it down his shaft. I have to admit that I was curious about the taste, I glanced at Mark's face, his eyes were closed, he had a smile on his lips and was moaning slightly. While he wasn't looking at me, I decided to surprise him and fulfill my own personal curiosity.

I brought my face down close to his dick and inhaled deeply, I wanted to fill my senses with it. It had heavy musky aroma and I wasn't sure if that was his natural scent or the smell of what he had called precum. I had never heard of precum before, I had heard of cum of course, the ejaculatory fluid that produced babies. I had to admit, the smell was nice, almost intoxicating. The scent alone drove me over the edge and at that; I knew there was no turning back. I knew at that moment I would take this as far as I could and would let Mark have his way with me. 

As my face inched even closer my breathing became deeper with excitement and my tongue flicked out and licked the fluid from Mark's dick. I heard him gasp and I stopped afraid that I might have hurt him. His eyes were wide open now and he rasped, "Don't stop. God, don't stop. Please, Maggie, suck on my cock!"

Mmmmmm, cock... a new word for me to ponder on, it sounded even dirtier than 'blowjob' and sent shivers up my spine. I was beginning to wonder why I had waited so long to enjoy these carnal desires. What exactly had I been missing out on all these years? Well, no more. I was going to take advantage of the situation that my stepbrother had presented me with and fulfill my needs as they came. I also figured Mark would be a good teacher... boy, was I mistaken, but for a first fuck it was not to bad and at that moment I didn't know any better anyway.

I didn't need further encouragement; in fact any last reluctance had quickly slipped away and was replaced with a hunger that was so strong it was almost overpowering. That moment was the beginning of the end for me. From then on, I would take my pleasure whenever and wherever I could find it. I was heady with the power that I felt holding Mark's cock in my hand, knowing what he wanted and knowing that I could give it to him or I could torture him by denying his fantasy. I wasn't going to do that of course because by denying him I was denying myself, and I just couldn't stop now.

My tongue came out again but not for a quick exploration this time. No, this time it stayed out to play for a while as I snaked it around the head of his cock gobbling up all the tasty precum I could get my greedy tongue on. A continuous moan escaped from Mark as I lavished his dick, I still hadn't put any of it into my mouth yet as I was savoring the new experience. I licked up one side of the shaft and down the other, when I reached the base I even rolled my tongue around his heavy balls. They seemed tighter now, bigger somehow, I wasn't sure what that meant but as I didn't seem to be causing him any pain I just ignored it for now. I figured I'd ask him later, as my teacher, he should be able to tell me. 

For a few minutes I treated his cock as my own personal lollipop, just licking the soft but hard flesh enjoying the flavor and texture against my pliable tongue. By this time Mark's head was rolling back and forth on the pillow his breathing was heavy and his moaning was louder and deeper. I could tell that I was driving him insane with lust and I knew that he wanted to practically beg me to take him into my mouth, but he was being a good boy and sticking to his word that I could run the show. This was all so new to me that I didn't want to rush things, but the torment was starting to get to me as well. My panties were soaked by now and I was leaking so much fluid that I could actually smell my own musky aroma even through the jeans I was still wearing. My nipples pressed painfully against my tight shirt, the fabric moving ever so slightly against the tender flesh with my every movement. I wished that I had taken my clothes off before beginning but didn't want to stop what I was doing long enough to do so now. 

I took pity on him and finally after what had to be about twenty minutes since starting, I gently put the head of his hard throbbing cock into my hungry mouth. More of his delicious precome seeped onto my tongue and down my throat. I twirled my tongue around the head a few times much to Mark's delight, his thrashing was becoming more intense and his hand was now on the back of my head, his fingers running through my long curly hair. I was pretty sure that he wanted to grab the back of head and end his torture by pressing my face down on his cock. But, he didn't, he continued to be good. I wasn't sure if I liked that or not, maybe I wanted him to shove my head down and force his dick into my mouth. I mean, sure... I was a little afraid of choking, but at the same time I didn't really believe that he would intentionally hurt me.

He wasn't going to do that though, I was going to have to take the initiative and do what it is that I wanted so very much. So I swallowed what fear I had and moved my mouth farther down until about half of him was inside my mouth. I could now feel the large vein underneath his shaft throbbing hard and rhythmically against my tongue and the head seemed to grow even larger near the back of my throat. It was a fantastic feeling having his penis in my mouth and I wanted more so slowly I descended further. There was a brief moment of panic as I felt his bulbous head slip past my tonsils and into the back of my throat, I almost gagged on the large piece of flesh but discover that if I breathed slowly and only through my nose that the gag reflex subsided. It didn't completely go away, but I was able to control it better.
