 November 22

I saw him for the first time about 2 weeks ago; we shared an elevator early that morning. He was tall - about six foot two - with dark hair, dark eyes and a very strong jaw. I noticed he was wearing a dark suit and a lively fuchsia tie but the thing I remember most about that morning was the way he smelled. It was a soft scent and very subtle; it was almost like the sandalwood candle I have on my nightstand. I work on the 43rd floor and he smiled at me as I left the elevator on my way to the office. It was early and not many people were in the building yet so there were only four or five people in the elevator at the time. I looked for him when I went to lunch and then again went I left for a meeting that afternoon but he wasn't there. I thought about the dark-eyed stranger as I walked out of the building and almost the entire way home that evening. 

The next morning I had to be at the office early so stopped at the bakery across the street from my office instead of meeting Nicole and Jaimie for breakfast. I grabbed a croissant and a double late and headed out the door and across the street. As I was walking through the plaza in front of the building I saw him come up the escalator from the subway; today he was wearing another dark suit but with bright orange tie. I headed straight for the elevators so that I could watch him approach.

There were only two other people waiting as I hurried for the other side of the lobby. There was already an elevator with doors open so I slowed down and let the two board and the doors close. I feigned frustration as I arrived to the sound of the elevator swooshing upward. I jabbed the up button with the heel of my hand and turned around; he was right behind me. I smiled at him and he smiled back warmly. We waited in silence for another elevator and I noticed that he was standing close behind me; closer, I thought, than he needed to since there was no one else around. Finally the it came and the doors opened. I stepped in with him just behind me. I reached to press the button for my floor but he intervened. He said, "Allow me," with a smile. 

I said, "Thank you, 43." He tapped the button and then chose 57 for himself. He worked on the top floor, that narrowed things down. I tried to run down the list of tenants I knew in the building but drew a blank. I'd have to check on that later I thought to myself.

With a nervous smile, I introduced myself. His name was Kirin and his voice was deep, yet quiet. The scent of sandalwood was stronger this morning and I enjoyed it as we rode up together. We chatted a bit but it was mostly small talk and I found myself wondering if it even meant anything to him. I cant explain why but there was definitely a mysterious quality to him; his eyes had a mischievous sparkle and he had this presence that was, well... almost electric. He definitely had presence! 

We rode the elevator together several times over the next few days. Everyday he wore a brightly colored tie to offset the dark solemn suits he wore and everyday there was the enjoyable smell of sandalwood; some days it was stronger than others but everyday it was a pleasant reminder of something satisfying. Then, Tuesday of this week, he wasn't there in the morning. I missed the conversation and the gleam in his eyes but mostly I missed the smell of sandalwood. I looked for him at lunch and again at the end of the day but I couldn't find him. I guess I was disappointed and thought about him a lot that night. 

Well, he wasn't there the next day or yesterday either. I wondered if I would ever see the dark-eyed stranger again. I was distracted throughout the day and found myself thinking about him, thinking about his eyes, his smile... and sandalwood. By the end of the day I could tell I was grouchy so I headed straight home after work. I was tired when I got home and I decided a bubble bath might be the best thing for me. I started the water and went into the bedroom to undress. I found my robe and, without even realizing it, grabbed the candle off my nightstand on my way back to the bathroom. I set the candle down on the edge of the tub and smiled. I lit the candle and took a deep breath; there was the scent I had missed so much! Not quite the same, but it would do. I closed my eyes and opened the robe letting it slip off my shoulders and fall to the ground. I put my hair up with a clip and stepped into the inviting warmth of the tub and slid down beneath the blanket of bubbles.

I took a couple of deep breaths and tried to relax. I began to wash myself; first my arms and then my thighs. I massaged my calves and could feel the tension from the day begin to fade. The smell of sandalwood was stronger now and I closed my eyes again but instead of darkness I saw him. At first we were in the elevator but then it seemed like he was standing in the bathroom doorway. I smiled and scooped up a handful of warm sudsy water and poured it over my chest. And then he was kneeling beside the tub smiling at me as he bent over and ladled water with his own hand and poured it over me. I giggled as the fine stream cut through the bubbles exposing part of my breast. He reached down with his hand cupped for another handful and gently dripped it over my chest in a figure eight. I could feel my nipples harden and the warmth growing between my thighs. I braced myself on my arms and arched my back and I shivered as the cloth of bubbles slid down my chest and between my breasts as it tried to return to the safety of the water. He slipped his hand through the foam and scooped another handful of warm water and softly poured it over me again washing the last of the bubbles away. I let my head tilt back closed my eyes as I arched my back fully now. I could feel as he traced a circle around my erect nipple with the tip of his index finger and then gently tease my nipple before he encompassed my breast with his firm hand. I could feel him lightly twist and tug at my nipple while he caressed my breast. My legs were now spread slightly. I had one knee bent with my leg against the side and I had rested my other heel on the edge of the tub; beneath the cover of bubbles I let my hand slip down between my legs.

I was breathing heavier now and could feel that the excitement would overtake me soon. His twisting and tugging became firmer as did his caress. My finger slid easily and smoothly between my lips and I could tell that my juices were really flowing now. I found my spot with the broad part of my middle finger and quickly realized that I was far more aroused than I had thought and this excited me even more.

My heart beat faster with the rhythm of his manipulation and my breathing became more ragged. I matched the stroke of my finger to the pace of his twisting and pulling and was soon groaning with pleasure. I could feel him lift my breast and sharply pinch my nipple and I gasped and cried out! Ohhhhhhhhh! I could feel the throbbing between my thighs build and grow stronger until I could see nothing but my own passion. He was pinching and pulling and I was rubbing myself faster and faster; I lifted my hips up almost completely out of the water as I fingered myself feverishly... He was twisting and tugging... I was rubbing quicker and quicker...he was squeezing and tweaking... I was rubbing ...side to side...grinding... up and down...stroking... back and forth... Ahh...ahhh...ahhhhhhhhhhh... And then the damn broke and the hot wave of passion rushed over me, tumbling me downstream as I tried to ride it out. I jerked with the spasms of one of the deepest, most satisfying orgasms I've had in a long time. As the spasms began to subside I opened my eyes to find he was not there; he had never been there. I realized I was still clutching my tender nipple between my fingers and cupping my mound with my other hand. I gently massaged my breast and watched as the engorged nipple began to shrink; I could still feel the occasional twitch as the last of the climax faded and left me alone in the tub. The smell of sandalwood filled my bathroom and I took a long, deep breath and closed my eyes. I wondered if the real him would be this good...

This morning I woke up late and knew I was going to be late for work; you know its not going to be a good day when your very first thought of the morning is: Oh shit! I'm late! I flew out of bed and jumped in the shower; I barely had enough time to wash myself. I jumped out of the shower, grabbed a towel and dried myself as I ran down the hall and started rummaging through my closet for something to wear. I pulled on my skirt as I was walking around trying to find my keys and my briefcase; I don't think I even got my heels on until I was well out the door. Traffic was horrible and that didn't make my mood any better either! I ran through the plaza and across the lobby and barely caught the last elevator as the doors were closing; someone inside had seen me and hit the door open button at the last minute so I squeezed in and turned around; the elevator was packed and I was pressed right up against the doors. And then I smelled it...sandalwood! I tried to turn around and look but we were all crammed so close together I couldn't. No matter, I had 43 floors to go and he had 57...there was time.

Thankfully, many of the people had gotten off by the 15th floor and so I was able to look around. I spotted him in the back corner and I smiled. He saw me and gave me a little wave in return. I politely moved to the back so that I could be could be closer to him and he saw this and moved toward me. He greeted me warmly with a smile and we exchanged pleasantries for a few moments in the back of the elevator. I remembered my bath last night and then impulsively put my hand on his arm and told him I'd missed him the last couple of days. Then it dawned on me that he hadn't been there last night and I flushed, hoping I hadn't been too forward. He told me he had to fly to Chicago and didn't get in until early this morning.

I said, "You know Kirin, I don't even know what you do? Where do you work?"

He told me he was an advertising director and asked me what I did. I hesitated, wondering whether or not I should tell him I was a lawyer since some men find that intimidating and then the next thing I know, I'm telling him I'm a lawyer! Oh well, he seemed ok with it so I left it at that. There was an awkward silence after that and the elevator had reached the 39th floor. I reached into my purse and fumbled around until I found what I was looking for then I heard the bell ding and saw we were at the 43rd floor. I turned to him and said, "Maybe we can have lunch together? Or maybe dinner?" He said he'd like that so I added, "How about tonight?" and handed him one of my business cards as I turned to leave the elevator and told him to call me later.

At least I wasn't annoyed about being late any longer but I spent almost the entire morning wondering when he was going to call...or IF he was going to call and then, around 11:00, my secretary told me he was on the phone. He told me he had a lunch meeting he had to go to but would love to meet for dinner after work but it would have to be later since he was still catching up from his trip. I told him I'd be in the office all afternoon and to call me when he knew when he'd be free.

I began to panic; I didn't have enough time to shave my legs this morning, I didn't like the clothes I'd grabbed, my hair was a disaster and my makeup looked like it had been put on in front of a store window in the dark! I grabbed my briefcase and told my secretary on my way out I'd be back around 1:00 and to order me something for lunch and have it delivered then. I ran down the hall to the elevator. I was in a hurry; I had so much to do and so little time! The damned thing seemed to take forever to come back to my floor and then once it did it seemed we had to stop at every other floor on the way down. I dashed through the plaza and down the street to the parking garage and up to my car. I sped all the way home and tore off my clothes as soon as I was through the front door - I'm not even sure it was all the way closed behind me! I jumped back in the shower and washed my hair and shaved my legs. As I was dragging the razor down my calves I wondered if I should shave my mound or just trim it. When I'd finished with my legs I fumbled for a pair of scissors on the countertop across from the shower and decided to trim myself very closely. I wondered if he'd prefer it short or shaved altogether? I decided to be a bit on the adventurous side and grabbed the shaving cream and lathered up around the edges. I carefully pulled the razor down in straight lines on either side until all I had left was a small brunette diamond in the middle of my mound. There! That should do the trick! I quickly brushed some conditioner through my hair, rinsed the shaving cream and soap off and then did one final rinse on my hair and jumped out and put my hair up in one towel and then wrapped up in another and headed for the disaster that was my closet.

After looking through everything I had at least twice, I settled on a dark blue suit and a white silk blouse with short sleeves and a scoop neck. The skirt came to just above the knee; it was a little on the tight side but still comfortable. I picked a lacy white bra that emphasized my cleavage and matching white thong. I grabbed a pair of sheer white thigh-highs and began to get dressed. As I was adjusting the tops of the stockings, I looked over at the clock; it was getting late and I had to hurry. I sat down and started putting on my make up with one hand as I began drying my hair with the other.

I did manage to make it back to work in time and even collected a few whistles as I walked through the common area on my way to my office. My secretary gave me a funny look as she handed me my lunch but smiled as I closed the door to my office. That afternoon was difficult; I had a lot to do but couldn't seem to concentrate on any of it. Every time my phone rang I jumped, wondering if it was him. He finally did call around 4:30 and said that he should be ready around 7:00. He told me dinner would be kind of hard and wondered if maybe we could just have drinks tonight instead. I told him that was fine because I had quite a bit to do still and would be staying late. I asked him where he wanted to meet and he said just come up to his office around 7:00 and that would give him a good excuse to get out. I told him I'd see him then and hung up the phone and took a couple of deep breaths. I have no idea why I was so nervous about this. I go out often and have no problem meeting men but for some reason this was different. Maybe it was the anticipation or maybe I'd made it more than it really was. Or maybe it was because he'd already given me one of the best orgasms I've had in a long time and we hadn't even been together yet...

The rest of the afternoon passed quickly as I tried to get as much of my work done as I could. I looked over and saw that it was almost 6:30 and I decided to finish up and get ready. I grabbed the bottle of Obsession out of my purse and dabbed my wrists, my throat and behind my knees. I figured this would give it some time to relax before I went up there. I fixed my hair and touched up my make up grabbed my purse and my briefcase and headed out just before 7:00. The office was completely empty and all I heard as I headed for the elevator was the sound of the janitor emptying the trash cans down the hall. The elevator doors closed behind me and I pressed the button for his floor. My pulse quickened and my palms began to sweat a little as I headed up to the 57th floor. The elevator came to a stop and I noticed that both the 49th and 50th floor lights were lit. The doors didn't open and I began to wonder if the elevator had broken down but it started right back up again and didn't stop again til I reached the top. I took a deep breath and told myself this was no big deal. After repeating this to myself several times, the doors opened and I walked down to his office; it was the large advertising agency that occupied almost the entire top floor. The front doors were unlocked but I didn't see anyone inside so I let myself in. As I was passing through the large lobby, a man came around the corner and asked if he could help me. I told him I was meeting Kirin McLaughlin at 7:00 and he explained that Kirin was in a meeting but he'd let him know I was here. I wondered if he was just being professional or if he was running interference for Kirin so I decided to follow him as he walked down the hall just to make sure. We walked past several empty conference rooms all with large windows and as we reached the end of the hall, I could see him in the last one with two other men carrying on a rather animated discussion. His coat was off, the top button of his shirt was undone and he'd loosened his tie. He looked frazzled but still very, very handsome. He looked up and smiled as we approached. The man in front of me opened the door and said something to him and Kirin stood up. He walked toward the doorway and we both reached it at the same time. He said, "Honey, you made it!" and reached up with both hands and gently held my face as he kissed my lips. "I'm just finishing up here." He introduced me to the three men and walked over to grab his coat. I could still taste his kiss on my lips. It was obvious that the other two men didn't think they were almost finished but Kirin told them we hadn't seen each other for four days and already had plans. He said we were just going to grab a quick bite and then he'd be back. I could tell they weren't very happy about this but they grudgingly obliged. I held my hand out to him and he took it and led me down the hall...

"Oh my god, your timing is perfect! Thank you! If you'd been five minutes later, I would've been stuck with those two all damn night!"

"Well, I think I'm probably a lot more fun than they are, but if you'd rather spend the time with them..." she said with her lips drawn in a smile.

"No, that's quite alright," he said with a laugh and then he remembered he needed his wallet and his keys.

"Oh, I've got to grab some stuff in my office," he said as he playfully swung her around by the hand and headed back down the hall.

When he opened the door to his office, she noticed almost immediately that it didn't look "lived in" and wondered why.

"Did you just move into this office?" she asked as she followed him over to the desk.

"Well, yes and no. I only work here part of the time. I work for the company in Chicago and they sent me here to clean up someone else's mess. I'll probably only work here one week out of the month once things settle down a bit." 

He grabbed his keys and his billfold from his desk drawer and put them in his coat pocket then set his coat down to button his shirt and straighten his tie. She reached up and unbuttoned his top button again as he was adjusting the knot of his tie.

"Leave it," she said softly as she slid her hands up and guided his lips to hers. "It looks better that way." She kissed his lips tenderly; first both lips, then just the bottom lip and then the top. With a delicate stroke, she parted his lips with her tongue and gently caressed his tongue with the tip of hers. He let go of his tie and held her close as they began to explore each other through their kiss. She pressed herself firmly against him and let her tongue dance with his as she pushed her hips into his. She could feel the very faint beginnings of the throbbing she'd felt the night before and she knew he was growing more aroused as well. They were interrupted by the sound of knocking on the open door.

"Don't be too long," one of the men from the conference room said as he peeked through the doorway, "We don't want to be here all night..."

"Ok," Kirin said with a start, "We were just leaving."
