 The next day I went to my best friend Tina's, I was so excited about yesterday's experiences that I had to tell someone and Tina was my best friend and the only one I felt comfortable enough talking to about this. I rang the doorbell and waited; when the door opened Tina greeted me and I immediately grabbed her hand and headed off to her room. 

Tina laughed as I dragged her along, "What's going on with you, Maggie?"

"I finally did it, Tina!" I exclaimed. 

"Did what?" She was still laughing at my giddiness. 

"It, I finally lost my virginity!" I said flopping back onto her bed. "And let me tell you, Tina... it was the greatest feeling ever. I don't know why I waited so long, and I can't wait to do it again." 

"That's great, hon. Come on tell me all the dirty details, don't leave anything out." She said

I think Tina was as excited as I was as I told her everything. I told her about sucking his cock and swallowing his cum and how much I enjoyed it. I told her about how gentle Mark was when he entered my virgin pussy even though I knew he had wanted to just slam right into me. The only thing I didn't tell her was about the note and him leaving while slept. When I finished I could tell that Tina's breathing was a little labored from the story, I was turned on as well as I replayed the story both in my mind and out loud. 

"I think I did everything sexual I could imagine yesterday." I sighed.

"Oh no, girl," she exclaimed. "It sounds like you had fun for your first time. But you didn't do half of what you can do."

"What do you mean?" I asked, curiosity definitely had the better of me now.

"Oh you'll find out, I'm sure." She said.

"No," I said and grabbed her hand, kind of like Mark had done to me yesterday. "Tell me, what else is there?"

"Well... you didn't get your pussy eaten for one, you haven't eaten pussy either." She said.

"Eaten pussy?" I was confused again, "I'm not a lesbian, now I guess yesterday I wouldn't have known for sure. But believe me, I enjoyed cock too much."

"Honey, you don't have to be a lesbian to enjoy women. I've been with women before and really enjoyed it. I consider myself bisexual." Tina confessed.

"Hmm, ok," that gave me something else to ponder. "So, what else haven't I done?"

"There's a lot, I'm sure. But one of them is definitely anal." She kind of had a dreamy look on her face when she said that.

"Anal?" I was almost afraid to ask more. "What exactly is that?"

"Having a guy's cock in your asshole, silly." She said.

"Do women actually do that?" I asked. I wasn't sure how to react to that one. It sounded... gross, not to mention more than a little painful. 

"Some women do, not all women of course. But yes... some definitely do." She said

"Have..." I wasn't sure how to ask, but then just came out and asked. "Have you ever done it?" That question would have embarrassed most people, but no matter how often I've tried I have never been able to embarrass Tina. I don't think it could be done.

"Whenever I can," She said truthfully. "It's the greatest, Maggie. I'm serious," she said when she noticed my doubtful expression. "It's the greatest fuck I've ever had, honey. Yes it can be a bit painful the first time, especially depending on the size of the cock you happen to be with, but once you get comfortable with it, it's the best feeling in the world. And I'll be honest, Maggie, it's probably some of the best orgasms I've ever had."

I dropped my head and played with my shoe laces, not wanting to look at my best friend. But I had to tell her, "Yesterday was great, and I was so proud that I finally went through with it. But now I feel that I kind of got jipped. I mean, he didn't even eat my pussy, Tina!"

"Hon, you had a good first experience, believe me. Most girls, their first time is painful, because the guy just doesn't give a shit. And yes, he probably should have gone down on you, but you'll learn to be more assertive to get what you want out of a sexual encounter." She assured me.

"There's more though," I took a deep breath and continued. "I don't think I had an orgasm."

"You don't think you had one? Well, you should definitely know if you did. Did it feel as good as when you've made yourself cum?" she asked.

"I've never actually done that." I said.

"Never had an orgasm, or never played with yourself?" She asked, and I could tell that she was incredulous too the idea. 

"Never played with myself," I said. "I know, pretty sad huh? 

"Oh, girl... you've lived a sheltered life, and the problem is it's no one's fault but your own." She said.

I have to admit I was a little hurt by her words. "What do you mean?" I asked.

"I mean that I know your parents were never strict with you, you had discipline, but nothing major. Maybe your mom should have talked to you a bit more about sex, you know... explain masturbation to you but I know you've heard about it from me and some of the other girls at school. So it's not like you were ignorant about it." She explained.

"I know, I know. I just never did it, and I really don't know why except that for some fucked up reason I was saving myself completely." It was the only thing I could say because Tina was completely right. "I want to know what it feels like, Tina." I whispered. "I want to have an orgasm."

Tina put her had on my thigh and rubbed slightly, barely brushing the skin below my shorts. "I could give you an orgasm, Maggie." She said. 

"You could?" I knew what she was getting at since she had already said that she liked girls as well. I just wasn't sure if I wanted to broaden my horizons that far. I had just lost my virginity and I really loved cock, what if I didn't like being with women? But then again, how would I know if I didn't try and I had already determined that I wanted to try it all. And who better than with my best friend. 

"You'll enjoy it, honey," she encouraged. "You will, I promise. And I know I can make you cum when I'm down there eating your cunt. Mmmmm, I can almost taste it now, I bet your pussy tastes real good."

Her dirty talk was having the effect that I'm sure she was after. My pussy was on fire, even more so than yesterday and I wondered if it would be a progressive thing and I would just get hornier and hornier with every encounter. Vaginal juice seeped from my slit staining my undies (I wondered if I was going to have to buy stock in a underwear company with as many changes it seemed I was going to go through), I chuckled at that thought. 

I looked at Tina, there was a smoldering desire that burned deep in her eyes. I realized that this was not just for my benefit, but for hers as well. She wanted me, she wanted me badly. Telling my story to her had probably gotten her really turned on, I know it had me. But the funny thing is that the thought of fucking my best friend was an even bigger turn on. I looked at Tina in a different light, she was the same age as me and very pretty (I had always thought so). Her hair was a dark brown, cut to just below shoulder length. It was straight not curly like mine. Her breasts are what really drew my attention; I mean I had a nice set of tits, but hers were huge, they had to be at least a D cup and I don't know if she just had some awesome bras, but there seemed to be very little sag for such large tits. She wasn't as skinny as I was but carried the few extra pounds extremely well. I guess she had what you would call an hourglass figure and kind of reminded me of the pin-up models of the 50's and 60's. All in all, she looked like a woman, and not what was currently the Hollywood standard. 

I stood up reached for the hem of my shirt and before I could chicken out pulled it up and over my head, "Ok Tina," I said. "I want you too, but you're going to have to teach me."

Tina stood up in front of me her fingers skimmed my cheek and through my hair until her hand rested at the back of my head. With her eyes locked on mine she said, "Oh I'll teach you, Maggie." And with that she pulled me closer until our lips met. The pressure was soft at first, exploratory, and then firmer as her tongue snaked out and entered my mouth for a fuller more personal kiss. I wasn't completely new to kissing (that I had done), so I kissed her back, my tongue danced and dueled with hers as if fighting for the right to take charge. Finally I succumbed to her superior expertize though and let her take control. 

Her fingers found the release to my bra and deftly unclasped it, and then she skimmed it off of my shoulders and let it fall to the floor between us. It was a warm day, but the breeze from the open window felt cool against my super-heated skin and my nipples immediately hardened and perked up. They ached for something, but I wasn't sure what (I needn't have worried because I was about to find out).

As though reading my thoughts, Tina quit the kiss and started trailing her tongue down my neck and to my chest. Her hands were already squeezing and rubbing my breasts, but she avoided my nipples where I needed them most. Her tongue flicked out and circled around the hard flesh of my right nipple. Oh yeah, that's what the ache had been for... the contact made me weak in the knees and I let out a soft whimper of pleasure. And that was just the beginning, next her full pouty lips took the entirety of my nipple into her mouth and she sucked on it as though sucking on a tiny cock. The sensation was exquisite (this was another thing that Mark had neglected yesterday; he had never touched my tits). 

Tina lowered me to the bed as though knowing that my knees would no longer hold my weight. When I was lying on my back her lips found my other nipple and she loved on that one as well. I had so many different emotions going through my head at this time. We had just started but I could tell that this was going to be a whole different experience from being with a man. It was gentle and soft and seemed to be more about love than just getting off. I realized that while fucking a guy was great and it allowed me the cock that I so much desired being with a woman was also going to be at the top of my list to do often, and I hadn't even tasted pussy yet. So maybe I was being a little presumptuous but I didn't think so.

It was time for me to get into some of the action and reciprocate the favor, so I reached for her shirt and pulled it up. Tina stopped what she was doing long enough to let me take her shirt and then her bra off. She had a smile on her face that I presume was from me taking some initiative to further our exploits. The feel of her bare tits against my stomach and her mouth back on my nips was so intense that it practically had my pussy gushing by now. I wanted our clothes off, wanted to feel naked flesh against naked flesh. But I forced my thoughts to slow down and just enjoy the sensations coursing through my body. I wasn't content to do nothing though; my hands had to do something so I trailed my fingers down her back until I found the waistband of her shorts. They were tight shorts and I had to work at it a bit but I finally wiggled my hands under the fabric and cupped her bare ass. I remember feeling a little shocked that I didn't feel any panties and would later find out that Tina never wore any, (honestly the idea made me hot).

"Mmmmm," she moaned. "I think it's time for us to get out of these sticky clothes, don't you?"

"Oh, God... yes," I panted. I was beginning to think she'd never ask.

We didn't take this part slow; in fact it seemed to be a race to see who could get naked first. When we were both fully naked we stood there for a few minutes taking in the sight of each other's bodies. I was noting the differences between us, the larger tits (that yeah, really didn't need a bra to stay up). Her breasts were magnificent, her areolas were larger than mine and her nipples didn't stand out as far, but still perfect in my regard. My eyes trailed down to her slightly pooched stomach and rounded hips. I'll say it again; she looked like a real woman and was absolutely beautiful in my eyes. Then I found another shocker, her pussy was completely bald, had no hair on it what-so-ever. It was hot, I found my mouth watering to taste that shaved cunt, and the idea sent a shiver up my spine.

"Are you okay?" she asked when she saw me shaking.

"You're just so beautiful." I said truthfully.

"I think I'm a little on the chunky side, you're the one who's gorgeous, girl." She said.

"No, Tina. You're perfect; I wouldn't change a thing about you." Well I'll be damned; I think I had finally done it... I made her blush.

"Thank you, honey," she said. And she seemed to be genuinely moved that I liked what I saw. 

I was going to show her how much I liked her body. It was my turn to take some of the control. I might be inexperienced but I knew what I wanted to do to her, and I figured that was all I needed to know at the moment. I walked over to her and kissed her fully on the lips, this time my tongue snuck into her mouth where I explored as deeply as I could. This kiss was more passionate than our first, it was filled with a promise that we would do this often and that we had both found a new long term lover. My hands were once again on her perfect ass but this time I had more freedom of movement and I used that to my advantage, rubbing and caressing every inch even dipping my fingers between her butt cheeks. I remembered her saying that she liked anal and I hoped that I wasn't being to forward when I lightly circled her rosebud asshole. 

When she gasped her pleasure, I knew that she liked what I was doing. But she was the teacher today after all and apparently was not about to let me detour her from her lessons. I might have wanted to have my bit of control but that wasn't to happen just yet. She grabbed my shoulders and pushed me onto the bed, I giggled at her forcefulness. She was on top of me in seconds her hands and mouth were everywhere, kissing, licking and nibbling her way down my chest as her hands rubbed and caressed my legs and thighs. 

My body was on fire, every sense I had was tingling as she paid homage to my naked flesh. As she once again sucked on my hard pointy nipples her fingers found the center core of my sex, her fingers strummed across my clit making me writhe back and forth underneath her. I almost bucked her off of my tits but she lightly bit down and held on. Both sensations caused me to scream out and I was sure that I was close to cumming already. 

Finally after what seemed an eternity she left my saliva soaked nips and trailed her tongue down my flat stomach. This is it, I thought my stomach clenching and my thighs trembling in anticipation as she spreads my legs and put them on her shoulders. I looked down to her smiling up at me, her nostrils are flaring as she takes in my aroma which is strong enough by now for me to smell. 

"Are you ready for this, Maggie?" she asked.

"Yes... oh, yes," I moaned.

"What do you want, honey?" She asked. "I want to hear you say it."

This was like torture, I could feel her breath on my pussy and what I really wanted was her tongue. I had to say it though, had to beg for it. "Oh please, Tina... please do it. Please eat my pussy!" I practically screamed it. 

The wait must have been agonizing for her as well, because she didn't need any more encouragement. Her face nearly dove to the juncture between my thighs her lips and tongue instantly found my engorged clitoris. She slithered her tongue back and forth strumming my clit like an expert.

I didn't whimper, I didn't even moan. I was well past those stages. No... I was screaming, and I remember being very thankful that we had the house to ourselves. Otherwise I'm sure her parents would have broken down the door by now.

Her tongue was everywhere on my cunt, lapping from the clit down, even slithering inside ass far she could. When finally she came up for air the bottom half of her face was covered with pussy juice.

"Damn, you taste good, girl." She breathed. "I can't get enough of this pussy." And true to her words she was right back at it again. And I was right back to screaming in ecstasy. It seemed as though her tongue would never tire. First she would spend a few minutes lapping, licking and sucking my clit, and then move down to plunge in and out of my now sloppy hole. The slurping and lapping noises mixed with my screams and the scent of my cum fueled our desires making us even hornier.

I lost track of how many orgasms I had. At one point I think I had multiple small orgasms that collided into one long giant one that almost had me faint with exhaustion. 

"Oh, God... Tina...Tina, you... you gotta stop, baby." I panted, "I can't take any more."

She raised her face once again and kissed her way back up my body. She stopped momentarily to nibble on my nipples which sent another orgasm shock waving through my system.

"Ohhhh, Tina," I moaned, but my moans were cut off as our lips met once again. I could taste my own cum and even that sent a thrill coursing through my body.

When she ended the kiss, she asked, "So how was your first orgasm, Maggie?"

"First?" I whispered, "I think that was more like hundreds. That was fucking amazing. I've never felt anything like that in my life."

Tina cuddled up beside me and gently stroked my breasts. "I'm glad you enjoyed it, Maggie. And hey, I don't want you to feel obligated to return the favor, okay?"

Like hell, I thought, and I made that perfectly clear with my next move. I flipped over to where I was on top of her, and said, "Baby, I was simply catching my breath. There's no way that I'm going to let you go without. I just hope that I can make you feel half as good as you made me feel."

"Just do what you want. Follow your instincts and you'll do just fine." She assured me. 

That was enough talk for me at the moment; I started with her ears licking nibbling on the lobes before moving to the other. She seemed to like that as she was already moaning and running her hands across my back. I continued by kissing down the sides of her neck then onto her chest. I tried to think of all the places that would feel good on me and made sure to pay special attention to those same areas on her.

I got to her breasts, I loved those big areolas, they were fantastic. So I started by licking circles around the outsides and gradually worked my way toward the extended nipple. When I got to the hard pointy flesh my tongue did a few experimental flicks. Her response was more moaning and writhing beneath me. She was enjoying my tender administrations which encouraged me further and I took one into my mouth and sucked on it. I repeated the process with the other one until both were hard and extended and glistening with my saliva.

"Oh, Maggie," she breathed, "You're doing such a good job, baby. It feels so fucking good and you've got my pussy dripping."

I was overjoyed to hear her enthusiastic encouragement. And with the mention of her pussy I realized that I did not want to neglect it any longer. Somewhat reluctant to move away from those big beautiful tits but knowing that I had better things on the horizon, I kissed and licked my way down her stomach until her womanly scent caught my attention and I had to explore its source.

When I moved between her wide spread legs, I saw the object that I was about to worship. It was the first time I had seen a vagina up close; I hadn't even looked at my own this closely. It truly was a magnificent sight. The outer lips were puffy and engorged (I didn't know if that was her natural look or if it was because she was so turned on). When I spread them slightly I could see her beautiful pink. I was enthralled by the sight and intoxicated by the pungent aroma. It did not smell bad by any means; it smelled like sex... basic, carnal sex.

I was hesitant, yes, (it was my first time after all). But I also knew that if she could gladly pleasure me, then I could do no less than the same for her. So I put any inhibitions aside, stuck my tongue out and with one long slow lick went from bottom to top. Oh my God, I thought, if I thought the smell was incredible, the taste was ten times better. Once again, just with that one taste, I knew I was addicted. Maybe I had an addictive personality and became addicted to new things easily, but when it came to something like this... quite frankly, I didn't give a shit.
