 Monday after school, I went in for my STD check, it was going to be a few days before it came back. But as long as I had that paper in hand by Friday night, that was all I cared about. I didn't want to be a casual observer at this party Tina was taking me to, now if I chose to, that was one thing, but I didn't want to be forced to just watch the action unfold.

By Wednesday morning I was sweating the wait until Friday night. I was horny as hell and while I may have lost my virginity only a few days prior and only had sex a couple of days, going without was driving me nuts. I was eyeing every guy and half the girls in school with one thing on my mind... stripping them down and fucking the shit out of them. The way this day was turning out; I wasn't even going to make it until I got home and could maybe hook up with Tina for an evening romp.

That's when the thought of pleasuring myself came to mind. On Sunday, Tina had asked me if I had ever masturbated and I had admitted that I hadn't, well, I still haven't. Fifth period was my downfall, it wasn't anything or anyone in particular, I just couldn't seem to get sex out of my mind. As I sat in class with my thighs clenched tightly together I could smell my own scent wafting up from my dripping cunt. I was half tempted to reach down and play with my pussy right there at my desk. As I hadn't sunk into that much debauchery (as of yet, anyway) I excused myself and headed for the restrooms. 

In my haste, I didn't even realize at first that I had entered the boy's room, it only took me a couple of seconds to figure out my mistake but at that point, I really didn't care. I needed to cum so badly. Besides, it added a whole new element of danger that surprisingly turned me on. So instead of leaving I checked under the doors, assured myself that I was alone and entered an empty stall. I immediately hiked up my short black skirt and pulled my blue thong panties down around my ankles. The toilet seat felt cold on the heated flesh of my ass as I sat down and spread my legs. 

I wasted no time and found my sensitive and engorged clit with the tip of two fingers. Goddamn, I was wet; furiously I rubbed the sex-crazed flesh up and down and side to side. My breathing was becoming ragged and I knew that I was moaning too loudly for such a public place, but I just couldn't help it. It felt way too good to stop now. Without skipping a beat, I plunged my middle finger from my other hand deep into the sopping wetness of my slit. As I finger banged my cunt I rubbed circles around my clit. I knew it would not take me long, not as hot as I was. 

After a few minutes of furious finger play I heard the bathroom door open. I tried to be as quite as I could, I even slowed my exploring fingers, but I know that a few whimpers and moans escaped my lips. And while I didn't really want to get caught, I couldn't stop myself either, I was so close and it felt too good. Then another thought came to mind (my first real fantasy, I guess). What if whoever was out there came into the stall, and what if I was to pull down their pants and suck them off. That fantasy pushed me over the edge and with one final deep hard thrust of my finger I came with a shuddering moan that I know had to have been heard in the outer room.

I sat there shaking, somewhat from fear but mostly in ecstasy. I bided my time until I heard the door close and still waited for a few extra minutes to make sure that the coast was clear. I pulled up my panties which immediately became wet from my girl cum and righted my skirt, then exited the stall. I peeked out and didn't see anyone so I exited the restroom with a smile and a sexual glow. As I rounded the corner and headed back to class I came face to face with the principal Mr. Hall. 

"I need to see you in my office after school, Miss Richards." Mr. Hall said. 

Crap... I was busted, big time. "Yes, Mr. Hall." I said, I wasn't able to look him in the eye. I groaned as I walked back to class, he had been the one in the boy's room... or someone had ratted me out, but I couldn't imagine that a high school boy would mind being present for my solo session even if he couldn't see the action. I wasn't sure what to do; this was something that could get me expelled. Maybe I could deny it and just tell him that I accidentally went into the wrong room, and as soon as I realized my mistake, I quickly left. But no, I figured if Mr. Hall had been the one in the bathroom, then I was screwed and not in the good kind of way. He wouldn't buy into my lie, I was pretty certain.

The rest of my classes flew by and before I knew it the final bell was ringing. I still had no clue how I was going to handle the situation with Mr. Hall. I can't say I was all that afraid anymore though, because the funny thing is I was even hornier after being caught than I had been when I first entered that restroom. Well, time to get this over with I figured as I headed for the principal's office.

I tapped on the door to Mr. Hall's office and from inside the room heard a muffled, "Come in." I entered and stood before his desk, I still couldn't bring myself to look him in the eye at the moment and I fidgeted with my hands as I held them in front of me. It seemed like hours but was probably only seconds that I could feel him scrutinizing me before he said, "Go ahead and take a seat Miss Richards."

I sat in the chair opposite his desk and as I sat down my short skirt rode up on my hips slightly, which gave Mr. Hall a nice view of my creamy thighs if he chose to look close enough. The idea was surprisingly pleasant. And I felt my body heating up again. I realized that I wanted him to look; I wanted him to see what I had and to want me. With that thought firmly imbedded in my mind, I wondered if I had any shame left. I was beginning to doubt it. 

Unfortunately, I did not notice him looking though (not yet, anyway). Instead he started in by saying, "We have a pretty serious situation on our hands, Miss Richards." He held up a hand to stay off my denial, before my lips could even form a denial. "Look Miss Richards, I'm not stupid, so please do not try and undermine my intelligence. I know what I heard in the men's room today, we both know what was going on in there. What I want to know is who you were in there with?"

That caught me off guard; he thought I was in there with a boy, someone else that was in the school. "Mr. Hall, I was alone in the restroom." I said.

He eyed me skeptically as though trying to gage whether I was being truthful or not and before he could say anything, I continued. "I swear nobody else was in there, and I'm not going to attempt to get any of classmates in trouble by saying that someone else was with me. I was alone, Mr. Hall."

He sighed, I know he still wasn't completely positive of my truthfulness, but said, "Maggie, you've always been a good student, kept your grades up and I've never known you to lie. So, I'm actually inclined to believe you. But now I have to figure out how to handle this situation. Honestly it's something I've never had to face before." He continued, "The school board would be calling for your immediate expulsion. Do you have any idea what that could do for your academic career? It would mean that you would not graduate this year as planned and would quite probably have to change schools to be able to graduate at all. It would go on your academic record which would also make it very difficult for you to get into any sort of college short of a community college. And with your grades you have the opportunity to go to most any school you want."

I was starting to get a little worried about where this conversation was leading. I had needed some sexual release, but I hadn't wanted to screw up my chances at college or graduating from high school for that matter. Strangely enough, even with the trouble I was in, my pussy was on fire and I was even hornier than I was earlier. I squirmed in my seat trying to get comfortable, what I didn't notice was that my movements had hiked my skirt up quite a ways and Mr. Hall had definitely taken notice now. I looked down to where he was staring and saw that my skirt was up around my hips and my panties (which were soaked) were clearly visible, and it didn't seem that Mr. Hall could pry his eyes away.

A plan began to formulate in my mind, I could always try and seduce my principal, and it might even be fun. I wasn't quite sure how to seduce someone seeing as I was still so new and inexperienced but if it got me out of trouble and quenched my sexual appetite then it might be worth it. And from the look of pure lust in Mr. Hall's eyes I knew that it wouldn't be an impossible task as long as he could get over the ethics of the issue.

I have to say Dennis Hall was not a very good looking man, he was probably in his late forties, about five foot nine and almost completely bald except for a few errant tufts right above his ears that circled low in the back. His face was rounded and his eyes were kind of puffy, whether from age or lack of sleep, I wasn't sure. I wouldn't exactly say that he was fat, but he did have a gut and could probably stand to lose about thirty to forty pounds. None of that particularly mattered to me. What I did care about was trying to get out of this mess that I was in. The rumor going around school was that Mrs. Hall had left him for a younger man over the summer and that he was going through a divorce at the moment. That had to make for some lonely nights, I was certain. I knew also that he was a man and men had needs, and I was a woman that would be more than willing to fill those needs if he was so inclined.

"Is there any way that we could keep this from going to the school board, and into my academic file?" I asked trying to sound as sweet and innocent as possible.

Mr. Hall shook his head as though coming out of a daze and brought his eyes to my face instead of my crotch. "I don't know if I can do that, Miss Richards, this is a very serious infraction." He replied.

Damn, he had begun to take on a more serious tone again. I had to try and get this going my way; I stood up, didn't bother fixing my skirt and walked around the desk to sit on the edge. My proximity forced him to back up his chair some which put him at a spot to have a good view of my panty covered crotch.

"Please, Mr. Hall, I already have the school in mind that I wish to attend and this kind of blemish on my record, even if it didn't get me kicked out of high school would surely ruin my chances of going to the college that I want." I pleaded. "And that's not even mentioning the trouble I'll be in with my mom and step dad over this whole thing." That last part, I'm sure was a lie. I was fairly certain that the parents really wouldn't care, as mom didn't have the time to be bothered with it, and it would probably just turn my step dad on. But the college part really was important to me.

"Well, maybe you should have considered the consequences of your actions more fully." He replied, but I could tell that he did have some sympathy for my plight.

"I know I should have, I messed up, I know that. But should my whole life be screwed up for one mistake?" I asked. It was time to make it clear what I was offering, so I slipped off my shoe and ran my bare foot up and down his pants covered leg.

"Miss Richards!" he exclaimed, "What on earth do you think you are doing?"

"Oh come now Mr. Hall, I see how you're looking at me. I see how you're checking out my legs and panties, I'm sure that you're wishing the underwear wasn't there so that you could get a good view of my young pussy." My foot continued to play on his leg but now was on the inside and heading toward his crotch. "So all I'm asking is, what will it take to make this go away?"

My eyes never left his as I trailed my foot the last few inches to his covered cock. I was encouraged to find him already hard and even more so when he didn't push my foot away. I could tell that he wanted too though, that he was fighting an inner battle with himself but I was also sure he was going to lose that battle. "It must get lonely without Mrs. Hall around," I whispered sympathetically. 

I saw the pain flash in his eyes at the mention of his wife and wondered if I had taken the wrong approach but as quickly as it came it was gone again and once again replaced with lust for the teenager sitting in front of him. 

"So what exactly are you proposing, Miss Richards?" He asked in a husky voice.

"Simple, Mr. Hall," I said. "I'll make you feel good, you make me feel good and we forget all about what you heard in the restroom today." He didn't say anything, and I decided that I was not going to give him the chance to object. I got off of the edge of his desk, finished hiking up my skirt then sank to my knees in front of him. My hand went straight to his crotch where my foot had just been, I unzipped and unbuttoned his slacks his underwear were next to come down which freed his hard cock.

I gasped when I saw it, his cock was huge it had to be damn near nine inches long and as big around as my wrist. I couldn't even close my fingers around him. I remember wondering why Mrs. Hall had left such a magnificent piece of man meat. 

"God, you're so big Mr. Hall." I whispered, and I don't mind saying that at the time anyway, I was a little intimidated by that cock. But I wasn't about to let that stop me from enjoying every inch of it. Besides, since he hadn't stopped me, it would seem that we had struck a bargain. And I was not going to back out of my end of the deal.

I put both hands around his shaft and there was still about three inches that I couldn't cover. I stroked that huge monster up and down, enjoying the feel of such a large dick in my hands. I leaned forward and twirled my tongue around the head lapping up the precum that was already beginning to develop at the tip. It tasted salty and slightly bitter, whereas Mark's had been a little sweeter. I hadn't honestly expected it to taste different and I wondered if every guy tasted different. 

Mr. Hall seemed to like my tender administrations, as he was moaning my name. But after a short time, he apparently wanted more and was not as gentle in showing it. No, Mr. Hall was more demanding than that and with his hand grabbing my hair he forced my head down. The mushroom like head of his cock penetrated my mouth, and he didn't stop there, further and further he forced the thick hard flesh into my gaping mouth. I was a little scared that I was going to choke. I was beginning to gag on the turgid pole that was being shoved down my throat.

I put slight pressure against his thighs with my hands hoping to stop the downward movement. That only encouraged him to push harder. I hoped that he wasn't expecting me to take his whole cock in my mouth (I hadn't even been able to do that with Mark and his penis was only seven inches and not nearly as thick). I knew I would give it my best effort, but I really didn't think it was going to happen. When I had more than half of his penis protruding into my mouth (I could barely breath), he stopped and began pulling on my hair, bringing me up his shaft.

While he still wasn't gentle, he did at least start out fairly slow, bringing my head up and then pushing it down in a rhythmic bobbing motion. My mouth was watering from gagging which coated his cock in saliva and made for a damn sloppy blowjob, but he seemed to enjoy that even more. Every time he would allow me a couple seconds of breathing time saliva would sting from my gasping mouth to his big throbbing penis. The sight of that sloppy mess seemed to turn him on and he would moan louder and push my head harder.

"You're going to learn how I like it, Maggie." He said, and his voice was more than a little menacing. "You know why?" he asked.

I couldn't exactly ask 'why', not while being gagged with cock. So it came out more as a "Hmmggh?"

"Because you were right, I am lonely and if you want to get that sweet young body of yours into college, we're going to have to make this a regular meeting, at least until you graduate. That means when I call on you, you come. It also means I get to fuck you any way I want too."

Tears filled my eyes and I don't know if it was because of his words or the huge cock being shoved to the back of my throat and farther. I know that I didn't like (or shouldn't like, anyway) being forced into an ongoing sexual relationship, this was supposed to be a one-time thing, but Mr. Hall had just changed the rules of the game. It seemed that I didn't have much of a choice either way. I had gotten myself into this mess and was now simply along for the ride, for the time being anyway I was effectively Mr. Hall's little sex slave. His to command and have whenever, wherever and apparently however he wanted. I found (the more I thought about it), that I wasn't completely disgusted by the idea though, at least it gave me a magnificent cock to play with on a regular basis. And I would soon realize just how much I enjoyed rough sex and just letting someone else have complete control of my body.

I continued sucking on his dick as all these thoughts raced through my mind and one thing was clear, Mr. Hall definitely had more stamina than Mark did. I had been sucking his cock for a good fifteen minutes and it didn't appear that he was any closer to cumming than when I had first wrapped my hands around his giant tool. It seemed that this was going to be a long fuck session and I was suddenly giddy with the notion.

He was still forcing my face down, but I wasn't trying to stop him anymore. In fact I even increased the tempo myself, bringing my mouth down faster and harder as he continued to shove further. It was getting easier and by this point I was taking a good six inches of him into my mouth and greedily trying for more. I still didn't think it was going to happen, but... I wanted to try for all of it.

Suddenly though, we were interrupted by a knock at the door. "Just a moment," he called out, his voice slightly strained. I yelped as he roughly pulled on my hair to get me off his slobbery cock. "Now don't go anywhere, my naughty little girl." He said with a chuckle. "In fact, why don't you go ahead and get naked while I deal with this interruption." It was an order, not a question.

"But... what if whoever it is needs to come in?" I stammered. I really didn't want to get caught twice in the same day.

"I said, get undressed," this time he wasn't laughing. He didn't wait to see if I complied, knowing that I would. As he approached the door he put his pants back into place and adjusted his cock. Even though I got the impression that he really didn't care if whoever was on the other side of the door saw him with a hard-on.

He opened the door nearly far enough for the other person to see the desk and me stripping, I almost stopped, but didn't. It was a power play on his part, he was letting me know that he could expose any part of me at any time and to whoever he chose to, whether it was my secret solo session in the boy's room or my naked body. This wouldn't be the last time either that he pushed the envelope of public exhibition. 

"Hello Miss Parker," it was one of the office secretaries. I had to marvel at how calmly he could act and speak when just seconds earlier he had been fucking my mouth with his massive cock. 

"Is everything alright, Mr. Hall? I thought I heard something from your office." She said and from my vantage point I could see her trying to peek around the principal and into the room. I held my breath with bated anxiety sure that I was about to hear shouts of outrage and questions of 'what the hell is going on in here?' But to Mr. Hall's credit he just shifted to the side slightly, blocking me from view.

"Everything is fine Miss Parker. I have a student in here and we're discussing college preliminaries." He replied.
