 One of my first real loves was a boy named David. We were 16 when we were set up on a blind date on Valentine's Day. He was Rob Lowe kind of pretty expect with curly blond hair and hazel eyes. When he smiled his deep dimples and perfect white teeth made him every girl's wet dream. 

I won't bore you with the details of our on again off again relationship in our teen and college years or even in our early twenties. What I will say is Dave opened my eyes to sexual adventure. He taught me to free my mind and let go, savor the moment and have fun with it. Ironically he left me for a women in his church. He thought he needed to 'behave' and settle down with a girl that shared his religious beliefs. He was (still is) a born again Christian. Nothing wrong with that, just don't tell me I'm a bad influence. 

Dave ended up marrying that girl from church and they had three kids. I didn't hear from him for many years. No reason to stay in touch.

I suppose with the fast growth of social media, people that wouldn't normally reach out were all the sudden sending 'friend requests.' I received a message from Dave. He said "Hey, its Dave Hansen remember me?"

Really? Does he need to ask if I remember him? How could I forget fucking him on his motorcycle as it vibrated, or in the row boat at midnight or on the lawn of a business under the street light...do I remember him?? 

"Of course Dave, how are you? How's life? Here's my number, text when there is a good time to chat. Would love to catch up." 

Within the hour, my cell phone rings with a number I don't recognize. Maybe it's Dave? 

"Hello, this is Liz."

"Hey! It's Dave! Is this a good time to talk?"

I was just getting into my car after closing my store for the night. I put Dave on speaker so I could talk and drive. "Can you hear me? I have you on speaker, I'm on my way home."

"Yes, nice to hear your voice."

"You too. What's going on? I don't hear from you for nearly 15 years and now you decide you want to talk to me out of the blue?" I paused for a moment. "Are you ok?"

Dave had the cutest little giggle, a youthful kind of laugh. He never had a laugh out loud laugh, but a contagious giggle. I would find myself giggling along with him but would have no idea what was funny. 

When I heard that giggle and it felt like time evaporate between us.

"I'm doing ok. Business has been tough, lost lots of money but have some deals I'm working on. How about you?"

I never came out to Dave, there was no point way back when. I assumed after all these years someone may have told him, "Hey Dave, you know your old girlfriend Liz, well she's a lez." 

"I'm good. Like you, business is tough but hanging in there. My partner Jeanette and I are breaking up so that's difficult. How's your wife Debbie?"

"Who is Jeanette? You mean business partner?" He asks with a bit of confusion in his voice. I can tell he probably didn't get the memo his ex has been muff diving.

"Well Dave, she is, or I should say was my girlfriend, my partner." Then there was a moment of silence followed by his sweet giggle.

"How did that happen?" he said still giggling.

"What do you mean how did it happen? I thought maybe you knew, people like to gossip so I thought you probably heard through the grapevine your ex is gay," I said trying to make light of it. 

I could hear Dave's silent laugh by his breath through the phone. His gay ex-girlfriend must have really tickled his funny bone."

"Did I do this to you?" He asked.

Good lord, why do guys think they have super nature abilities in bed? 

"Clearly. You fucked me and now I'm gay." There is nothing over simplistic about that.

"Hey let's get together to talk. I want to hear all about what you have been up to." There was a brief pause, "I would like to drive out to you. There is a marina in your area I'm looking into as an investment."

"Really? Which one?"

"Islands End Marina, you know it?"

"Know it, I live across the street from it!" Did he already know that or was it a coincidence?

"How about Wednesday? I can be there by noonish if that works for you?"

"Ok, sounds good. Let's meet at the outside bar at the marina."

I drove the rest of the way home thinking about all the fun and turbulent times I had with him. He was the closest I came to truly being in love with a man. 

I woke up to radiant sunshine Wednesday morning. Perfect day for a short jog and relaxing swim in the pool. After my 20 laps I floated on my back, gazing up at the blue sky feeling the warm breeze. I can hear my heart beat, weightless in the water. Thoughts of Dave's gorgeous body, his tight ass with Viking tattoo on his buttock was making my pussy tingle. But that was years ago, I wonder what he looks like now. Like most people, staying in shape is a challenge the older we get. As I step out of the pool I think about how comfortable I am with my body and its imperfections. I'm still fuckable in my forties, at least that's what I've been told. Kind of an underhanded compliment, don't you think? I don't look my age but when a guy says "I would fuck you," it's like 'gee, thanks' my existence has been validated (insert sarcasm). 

I tried not to over think seeing Dave but I was really looking forward it. What to wear...

I arrived at the marina 10 minutes before noon. What a perfect day, the palm trees swaying in the warm breeze. I know, there are no palm trees in New York, but the marina owner ships them in for his Margaritaville style outside bar. It's a cool and relaxing atmosphere so I try not to think about the poor trees dying in the fall. Peg the bartender is working today, she knows I usually start with a Chardonnay which she slides in front of me in a chilled glass. 

Dave texts, he will be there in about 15 minutes. Ok, I guess I will start on my second glass of wine. I haven't eaten yet, so it's going right to my head. The wine glasses are the size of a child's head, so when I say I'm on my second glass, it was probably more like my fourth!

I look up and see Dave walking towards the bar, past the boats on the dock. My god, he is still adorable. His 6'3" frame is still fit, though more manly than boyish now. He is wearing jeans and a tight t-shirt. His curls are gone with a short haircut but the waves are still there. Those dimples kill me. Damn, I wanted him.

Dave greets me with a big hug. We don't let go, our bodies getting reacquainted with each other. 

"You look great!" He said with a big smile.

"So do you," I said with my hand on his chest. "Sit. Let's get you a drink. We should order some food since I'm on my second drink," I said laughing.

Peg came to take our order. "We will have two gin and tonics with double lemon." 

"We will?" I said. It's been years since I had a gin and tonic. I totally forgot that was 'our drink' way back when. 

We sat back and chatted like old friends. Peg was doing too good of a job, every time I turned to get my drink, it seemed my glass was full. I totally lost track of how much I was drinking. Not that it really mattered, I was enjoying this moment with Dave.

At some point, my neighbors with a fishing business arrive at the bar. Mark and Jessica were surprised and happy to see me. I introduced Dave and they offered to buy us a drink. I think I'm already drunk. 

Jessica is a former playboy bunny and incurable flirt. She immediately gravitated to Dave. They would make a handsome couple, both with Nordic good looks. Dave still doesn't seem to be aware of how attractive he is. I always liked that about him. He never cared that women would stare at him, he only had eyes for me when we went out. 

It's about 3pm now and we are all rather tipsy. Jessica asks us over for dinner which I thought was really nice since she just met Dave. We said yes in unison as if we were a real couple. 

"I think I need to lie down for a bit, I drank too much," I said with a little wobble of the bar stool. 

"OK, how about 6ish, that will give us time to sober up," Jessica said with a laugh. 

Dave and I walk back to my house leaving his car at the marina. As we walk, he takes hold of my hand. I lean on him as we walk down the shady lane, my house just around the corner. It feels like old times.

We stumble into my kitchen form the porch, leaving the door wide open. 

"Nice house, how long have you been here?" 

"About 16 years. It was our weekend place, but after 9/11 I wanted to move out of the city so we started a business and moved here permanently. I'll show you around," I said as I took his hand leading him through the living room and into my bedroom. That was a quick tour.

We stood in my room his hands on my shoulders, rubbing them slowly. My hands feeling his chest over his t-shirt. "What are we doing? I've never cheated on my wife."

'I'm not asking you too. I'm not a marriage counselor Dave, you do what you want," my hands sliding down to his ass. I knew I was wet, I wanted to take his hand and guide him down my jeans but I had to resist. Let him decide what he wants. 

It felt like an eternity as we stood next to my bed. He held me close, rubbing my back. Our bodies pressing against each other. I could feel his hard cock through his jeans as he pulled me in closer. My pussy was throbbing. He began to kiss my neck softly, pulling my shirt aside to kiss my shoulder then back up my neck. I took his face in my hands and kissed his mouth with the passion we thought was buried long ago. His lips and tongue reminded me of kissing a woman. He has a sensual quality to his kisses that can make me cum in minutes. 

I pulled his t-shirt up over his head exposing his hairy chest. Just enough hair to make it feel more erotic to me. I caressed his nipples while he unbuttoned my top exposing my breasts. No, I wasn't wearing a bra. Fortunately my full size C tits still hold up on their own. 

"God you are still beautiful," he said in a whisper as his hands stroked my breasts. I was so fucking turned on, I wanted his cock in me, on me, filling me in every way. Take your time, I said to myself, make it last.

He leaned in to kiss me again, our tongues lingering. I love the taste of his mouth. My hand moving to the front of his jeans, feeling the outline of his massive erection. It's not very often I want to suck cock, but I wanted it now. As much as I love the taste and texture of pussy, a cock is so erotic to me. Taboo. I shouldn't want it, but I do. 

I unzipped his jeans slowly and to my happy surprise, he still goes commando. The soft warm skin of his shaft was now pressing against my stomach. 

Dave pushed me back onto the bed, my shirt wide open. He swiftly pulled my jeans off. God I could love this man again! I watched as he pulled his pants down and stepped out of them. If there are good looking cocks, I would say his was as pretty as his face, just perfect. He stroked his cock while I took my shirt off and tossed it on the floor. 

"Do you have a condom?" he asked.

I laughed out loud at that questions. "Sure Dave, every lesbian carries condoms, just in case." I think he got my sarcasm.

He was staring at my pussy so I spread my legs wide and started to finger myself. This drove him wild. He got down on his knees and grabbed my ass pulling me into his mouth. He was eating me so hard I had to pull back a little and find a grinding rhythm against his face. I forgot how much he liked licking and sucking my clit. He used to say how much he loved the sweet taste of my juices. 

My feet were on his shoulders while his tongue explored every inch of me, fucking me with his tongue. His thumb finding my ass, inserting it as he sucked my clit. I could feel my juices flowing. I looked down to see his wet face lapping it up. 

I pulled him up to kiss me, tasting myself on his tongue and breath. I reached down to stroke his pulsing huge cock, perfectly straight, thick and hard. I spread my legs wider and guided him to my cunt. I rubbed the head of his cock up and down my wetness as he groaned. 

"I need to fuck you Liz," he said breathing hard against my neck.

I felt him enter me slowly. I lifted my knees up to my chest to get every inch of him in me. Another inch with each small thrust.

"You are so tight," he said with a moan and final hard thrust, his shaft buried in me to its base. 

Instead of pounding me hard, he kept his cock in deep and started kissing my chest; taking a breast in each hand and pushing them in against his face. The roughness of his razor stubble on my tits was so arousing. As he caressed my erect nipples with his cheek it sent a jolt between my legs, my pussy gripping his cock tighter. We both let out low moans as we rocked side to side and back and forth. I wanted him to cum in me, I love that sensation. Its feels so wrong which makes me want it more.

"Harder," is all I managed to say as he took my legs over his shoulder and started to drive into me with force, his balls hitting my ass. 

"You like it?" Dave said more like a statement than a question. 

"I'm going to cum, don't stop." My back arched with the rise of an intense orgasm each thrust sending me over the edge. He held my hips as he pushed in one last time as deep as he could go. He let out a guttural groan as he released his load in me. I could feel the power of his orgasm as he filled me with his cum. I came at the same time, shuddering with the intensity of my climax. 

Dave slowly pulled out, his cock soaked with our juices and collapsing next to me on the bed. We lay there, chests heaving, our bodies sweaty with the smell of sex. I love that primal musky smell. 

He turns his head to me and started to giggle. He is so damn cute I just wanted to keep fucking him. So I did.

"Let's jump in the pool, it will cool us off," I said as I took his hand and pulled him up off the bed. I lead him out the back door to patio, the warm fresh air against our naked bodies I think made us feel like naughty teenagers again. We laughed as we ran and jumped in the pool. 

We sat in the pool against the steps, relaxing and playing footsy under the water like kids. "This is a really nice backyard, it's so private with just woods around you," he commented. "Do you ever swim naked?" 

"All the time," I said. 

Dave pulled me closer to him and onto his lap. I felt his cock starting to come to life again. I had my arm around his shoulder as he played with my tits, tweaking my nipples with his fingers. I moved off his lap to face him, my breasts bobbing in the water.

"Come here." 

Obediently, he slid off the pool step and into the shallow end with me. I took his head and pushed his mouth to my nipple. "Suck it."

He flicked and sucked my tit has his hand went between my legs. My cunt was still swollen and now throbbing again as his fingers entered me. 

Weightless in the water, he picked me up with my legs wrapped around his waist and walked me to the side of the pool where the water jet was. He turned me around with my back to him and then held me up so the force of the water hit my clit. Oh my god, it was like a giant vibrator filling me with water and massaging my pussy. I lifted an arm over my head to hold on to the back of his neck as he helped guide my pussy up and down over the water jet. This was so fucking hot I would have fucked two guys at the same time I was so turned on. 

I reached back and felt Dave's massive erection. Without speaking I leaned forward to hold onto the edge of the pool so Dave could do whatever he wanted to me. I felt the head of his cock rub my ass cheeks. I spread my legs and pushed against his cock. Yes, this was an invitation to fuck me in the ass. 

He lifted me with his finger in my ass so the water jet was hitting my pussy again. 

"You want it?" he asks. I nodded yes.

He removed his finger from my ass and replaced it with the tip of his cock. The warm pool water making it easier for him to enter me from behind. "Oh god yes," I managed to say.

I felt every inch of his shaft going in as he held my pussy against the water rushing out of the jet. His 6'3" frame easily supported me as he fucked me in the ass, his fingers rubbed my clit through the pulsing water. When I say the sensation was mind blowing, it's still an understatement. 

I screamed out while I came hard, the force of the water filling me as Dave drove his cock deep in my ass. I'm usually not a screamer but I couldn't help it, the orgasm I had was unlike any I have ever had. 

He continued to pound me while my rolling orgasm subsided with tremors. I pulled away from the wall as Dave pulled out of me. I took him by the cock and led him back to the steps. I sat on the step while he stood in front of me, I took him in my mouth. He held my head as he pumped in and out. I took as much of him as I could feeling his veins pulse. As he was about to cum he pulled out and came on my tits, his hand pumping his spray until both breasts were covered in milky cream. I didn't want this to end.

He watched as I cleaned myself off with splashes of pool water. 

"You didn't want to cum in my mouth?" I asked.

"I thought you wouldn't want me to. Remember that time when we were having sex on your bedroom floor of your mom's house and I came in your mouth? You ran to the bathroom and threw up." True story. 

"Yes, I remember that. That's when I thought, I'm so gay. Why am I doing this?"

"See!! I did make you gay!"

"No you didn't! You just helped me realize I wanted pussy more."

"Than you are bi?"

"No! But I'm going to get into it now. What's the big deal if I want your cock? Is it any different than a dildo or strap on? If I use a big dildo, does that mean I'm less gay?" Enough said on that subject.

"I love your dirty talk." He said with a giggle.

"That's not dirty talk. You are just horny"

We got out of the pool and grabbed the two beach towels I left out to dry from the morning swim. He put the towel around his waist so I did the same, leaving my breasts to air dry in the sun. 

We lay on the lounge chairs, dozing off in the warm breeze. My body and mind completely relaxed. Nothing like great sex to release all tension.

At some point I woke up and glanced at the outside clock on the side of the house. We must have slept for 45 minutes. I can feel the heat of my skin. I just sunburned my tits. 

I shook Dave to wake up. Fortunately he tans even though he is fair skinned. 

"Wake up Dave. Let's go inside, I'm getting sunburn." 

We went into my kitchen to get something to drink. 

"Wow, you really did get some sun," he said while I handed him a beer. 

"I think I have aloe lotion somewhere, I should put some on now." 

I went to the hall closet and found a bottle of lotion and returned to the kitchen. 

"Here, let me," he said, taking the bottle from my hand.

He squirts lotion into the palm of his hand then gently touches my hot skin. The cooling aloe feels so good as he tenderly strokes the lotion over my chest and stomach. I lean against the kitchen counter and close my eyes as he applies more lotion, circling my nipples. My pussy is tingling again. 

Dave pulls the towel from my waist and rubs my stomach down to my hairless mound. I take his towel away and pull him in for a deep sensual kiss. His cock rock hard against my stomach.

Dave took hold of my waist and lifted me onto the counter. The cold granite felt great against my ass. I spread my legs and fingered my clit for him. He stroked his cock as he watches me masturbate. He bends down so his mouth can help my fingers move in and out. 

"You are so wet," he said as he dips his finger in me. 

I lay back on the counter while he proceeds to lick and finger fuck me. God help me, I am craving cock in this moment.

"Dave, let's go in the living room." I didn't want to stop him while he was thoroughly enjoying lapping up my juices but I wanted more.
