 Ayva looked at the house, it wasn't too messy. She watered the Poinsettia and looked at it, frowning. The damn thing just wouldn't die. Christmas was long past and it looked so out of place on the table. She shrugged and put two red candles next to it. 

There were some dishes in the sink, just some silverware, and the mortar and pestle that she had used to make Dick that special recipe of garlic dill salad dressing. She had been learning lately, it was the little things that kept the Dick happy. A clean house, food ready to serve, a worshipful submissive approach.

Ayva went into her bedroom. She and Dick had had separate rooms for almost ten years. She looked at the expensive double bed piled high with her carefully folded clean clothes. She had not slept in it even a single time. He had his room but she better damn well be in it when he wanted her there, and he wanted her there all the time. Dick could not sleep if he did not hear the sound of her snoring.

Dropping the bag from Target she got out the pink baby doll nighties she had bought. Valentines day was always a good time to stock up on cheap disposable lingerie. Dick could be a bit rough on lingerie, it hurt less when he would snap the spaghetti strap of a $12.00 slutty piece of crap then if it was something expensive. She pulled on the XL little pink number, damn thing fit every place except where but they had sewn the bra cups too close together. Her heavy tits kept trying to climb out. Oh well, it was so short that Dick would be looking lower than higher and she did not expect to have to wear it long enough to get uncomfortable.

She opened up the thigh high nylons. She had been wanting to try these out for a while. They had a kind of a nonslip sticky band around the top, and they were freaking awesome looking. Ayva especially liked how the nonstick, lacy tops rubbed against her shaved pussy lips when she walked. It felt nice, really nice. Ayva decided she did not want any panties interfering with that nice feeling. 

She pulled on a light kicky little skirt and a black bra and blouse. It was Friday and if work had not been too bad and the freeway had no wrecks, she would be able to talk Dick into going out for dinner. She would pay with her mad money for the month. Waiting for him to come home without panties was exciting. She had gone without panties around him dozens of times but this would be the first time she would go out this way.

Dick got home almost early for a change. Cool, the traffic was not bad on the freeway. He had a nice smile on his face. OK, he wasn't pissed about work. "I want to go out for Mexican food tonight, if you are in the mood." 

Dick looked at her and said, "OK. Hey, why don't we be adventurous and walk there."

Ayva felt her heart sink, it was 35 degrees and raining. The restaurant was at least three miles away. "Honey, I put on dress. I want to look nice. Its so cold. We could go for a walk after we eat if you want. Please?" 

Dick looked at her. His eyes measuring, his lips pursed in that thoughtful way he was using a lot lately. He knew if he insisted, Ayva would not refuse. She had laid that all on the table when she had asked him to act more masterfully, to dominate her. Lately he was very used to her giving in to anything he wanted.

Ayva sighed, "If you want to walk, I can change into a pair of pants and hiking boots." Her lips turned down.

"Never mind, maybe we will go for walk downtown after we eat."

Ayva sighed in relief and got up and gave him a hug. He had been a hell of a lot easier to get along with lately. His hand stroked her ass and stopped. Dick pulled back his head and gave her a look, his eyebrows raised up. He reached around front and stoked his fingers across her pussy through the thing fabric of the skirt. "You ain't got no panties on."

Ayva giggled and wiggled in his arms. "I told you I would have gotten cold if we walked there."

As they were putting on their coats to go out, Dick asked, "Aren't you going to put panties on?"

"I will if you want me to."

"No, thats OK." He seemed to not to care one way or the other. Ayva was not sure if he was turned on or irritated with her initiative. Sometimes he would react pretty negatively if she tried to control too much. He did not make any reference to her pantilessness all through the dinner. For the first time in years Ayva ordered a second margarita. 

When Ayva was paying for dinner, for the first time she felt him run his finger across her ass. The fabric of her skirt was opaque but silky thin. A nervous thrill crept up Ayva's back. 

Outside the restaurant, Dick forcefully took her arm. "Lets take that walk now." Steering her down the brightly lit sidewalk away from their car. The air was cold as hell but the rain had stopped. Ayva leaned against him and concentrated on her feet. She had not had that much to drink in years. About a block down Dick stopped and pulled her to face him, wrapping his arms around her, leaning down to kiss her. God he was always such a good kisser. Ayva closed her eyes and leaned in, surrendering herself to his mouth. 

Suddenly she felt him lift the hem of her skirt baring her ass to the street and the bar across the way. Ayva screeched and whirled, pushing her skirt down as he laughed delightedly. 

"I really don't like exhibitionism. I had no idea you did." 

Dick continued laughing. "I wasn't pulling it up that far." 

Ayva wasn't so sure. She sure had felt a very cold draft across her butt cheeks. Dick turned her toward their car. "We have gone far enough. Lets head back to the car."

On the ride home Dick pushed her legs apart and ran his fingers across her shaved pussy lips, and then pushed in and rubbed across her clitoris. Ayva gasped and giggled, watching that he did not wreck the car on the way home.

As they walked in the house Dick ordered Ayva to make a pot of coffee and gave her several very hard stingy spanks on her nearly naked ass. He was very much enjoying his role of Master but still rejected labels. As she made the coffee he continued to follow her around the kitchen doing his best to blister her ass. Ayva squealed and giggled, swishing her hips and deliberately sticking her ass out for more.

As the coffee was dripping, he bent her over and really began to spank her in earnest. Then he pulled out a drawer and pulled out a wooden spoon and began to spank her hard. Ayva was squealing and arching, pushing her ass out to him, begging for more.

Dick stood her up and turned her to face him. He pulled up her skirt, his eyes narrowed as the stared down at her naked pussy above the tall, lace topped stockings. "Play with it, play with your pussy."

Ayva lifted her skirt and tucked it in the top of her low cut top. Her fingers spreading and rubbing her pussy lips, making sure Dick had a good view of all the action.

Dick looked around the kitchen and spied the marble pestle still sitting on the counter. "Wash that thing."

Ayva turned and ran hot water over the marble and then scrubbed it with soap. Somehow she did not want her pussy smelling like garlic, but then again Dick was a man that ran on his stomach. As she leaned over the sink he moved up close behind her and began to rub her clit, making her hands shake and her mind cloud. 

Ayva's voice was clouded and hoarse. "You have me so fucking hot."

"Give it to me." Ayva handed him the marble phallus. As he pushed it into her, she could feel how hot it was from the water. 

"Oh its so hot, I like that."

"Rub your pussy, you fuck yourself with it."

Ayva reached down and began to slowly sensually push it in and out of her cunt, rubbing her clit, "Oh fuck yes baby, this is so fucking hot. I wish it was your cock. Your cock is so much better than this."

Dick unzipped his pants and pulled his cock out. Ayva could feel the hot head of his cock probing at her and she moved the little marble toy out of the way, rubbing it across her clit as he pushed into her. "Oh fuck yes, thats the fucking I want." Ayva braced herself on the edge of the counter, raised up on her toes and ground back against him as he took her from behind. She reached down and rubbed at herself, "Fuck yes, oh god I am going to come."

Dick stopped abruptly. Ayva gulped down her protests. Dick was in charge and doing crazy shit to her that he had never done before. Ayva wondered what he was thinking now. "Wash the dishes. Clean up the kitchen."

Ayva looked at him in disbelief. What the fuck. There were only like three forks and the mortar and pestle in the sink. Her hands were shaking so hard she could hardly pick up the silverware. He took them from her hands and put them in the dishwasher. 

"Get up on the counter." It may have been that she was so fucking turned on she couldn't think or maybe the two margaritas but it took several tries to get her ass up on the counter edge. Dick pushed her back until she was sitting in the sink and reached over and took the sprayer attachment and began to spray hot water on her cunt and started working the marble pestle in and out again. 

Ayva squealed and began to come. She couldn't even talk anymore. Water was going everywhere, but he did not stop. He did not let her up until she came twice more, and she began to beg him to please stop. 

For a while Dick tried to fuck her as she sat on the edge of the counter but it was a little tall for him to get the depth he wanted. "You are to high up. Come on wench lets go to the bedroom." The bed was much more the height he liked. He led Ayva on dripping wet and shaky legs to the bedroom.

Ayva stripped off her soaking clothes, but kept on the stockings, they did not hold much water and felt so sexy on. Dick had his clothes off quickly and grabbing Ayva he pushed her roughly to the bed. He grabbed her ankles and yanked her to the foot, her ass hanging precariously off the edge. Spreading her legs apart and pressing her knees almost painfully wide, he slammed deep into her. He looked down at her, his eyes narrowed, his mouth in a tense snarl. 

Ayva reached down and spread herself open knowing he liked to look at the folds of her pussy as he fucked her. Dick slapped her hands away and then grabbed her hands and made her reach around the outside of her legs and spread herself in that more awkward position so there would be no risk of blocking his view. Also there was no chance for her to rub herself. 

Ayva settled down, Dick had been fucking awesome all night. Now it was all for him. He held her to tight to do much moving but she gritted her teeth and tightened up her cunt muscles as tight as she could and made all the best appreciative sounds. Dick began to fuck her hard, each thrust making her body jerk, forcing groans from Ayva with each bump of his pelvic bone against hers.

Ayva could feel herself starting to take off again. This was very cool, it was rare she could get off without some serious clit massage. As she started to come she thrashed and let out a strangled scream. Dick grinned a triumphant leer and letting go of one of her legs reached down and rubbed his thumb on her clit. Ayva bucked and screamed as her climax stretching out agonizingly. Dick knew she could hardly bear the intensity of the sensation. He loved to do this. His reward for giving her an orgasm.

When Ayva lay weak and trembling he pulled out and moved around to towards her head. Ayva grinned and licked her lips. "Yes baby let me suck it for you." Ayva loved his cock in her mouth, she tried to slip off the bed to kneel on the floor but he shoved her back on the bed. 

"No stay on the bed." Dick climbed onto the bed and knelt over her, shoving his hard cock deep in her throat. He was looking close at her pussy. "Touch your pussy." His voice was hoarse and straining. Ayva obediently spread herself and began to rub at herself, slow nasty strokes, more of a show than trying to get off. She was about beat and she wanted to concentrate on the cock in her mouth. 

Dick was plunging almost in jerky erratic lunges deep into her throat and with her hands busy putting on a show it was hard to anticipate his movements. Ayva carefully stretched her lips over her teeth and struggled with letting him deep into her throat. Her gag reflex making tears spill out over her cheeks. Dick began to groan and pant, Ayva felt his swell in her mouth. She made a deep hungry growl in her chest, encouraging him to come in her mouth, begging for him to fill her mouth.

Dick jerked his cock from her mouth and Ayva instinctively scrambled after her prize. "Baby turn around, let me take it in the mouth. I love it when you come in my mouth." Dick did not resist as she scrambled back under him, laying on her back her head facing the right direction to control it and get better suction. Her cunt and ass away from his eyes and distracting fingers.

Ayva could get a hold of him with her hands now and quickly ran her hand up and down his shaft, working up a good mouthful of spit and then took him, getting a good seal around his head. Dick made a deep whine as she pulled and suckled on him, one hand pumping his shaft and the other massaging his balls. He was close, his balls were hard and tight. 

Dick began to fuck her face in earnest, his cock moving in and out of her mouth fast and hard. Loud wet sucking sounds filled Ayva's ears and he forced her lips to break their grip on him over and over. Her lips felt bruised and sore. Finally he tensed and let out a long quavering groan as her mouth filled with the rich salty protein. As she swallowed it down, Ayva again marveled that Dick's come tasted just like Parmesan cheese.

She continued to suck and lick, each touch of her lips and tongue making Dick cry out and flinch. He had always told her that it did not hurt but it always sounded like she was torturing him. She looked up and him and smiled a happy smile as she rubbed the wet slippery head of his cock across her lips and face. Dick slowly sagged to the side and pulled her up, kissing her deep and long. "That was nice."

Ayva woke early and as she made a pot of coffee she ran her tongue along her lips. She had a cut on the inside of her upper lip where her incisor had sliced it at some time when he was lunging his cock into her mouth. She smiled to herself, it had been wild. Dick had never been so rough or masterful. She felt wonderful. 

When Dick woke and walked into the kitchen, Ayva wrapped her arms around him. "Good morning sweetheart. Last night was wonderful. You made me feel so good."

"You push my limits wench."

Ayva knew that as much as Dick loved pushing her around and being dominant, it also made him a little uncomfortable. He was always afraid of hurting her and had a thick layer of civility that rebelled at ordering her or anyone around. "Did we do anything last night that you didn't like?"

"Yea, I hate having to think while I fuck you." Both of them cracked up laughing. 

"I cut my lip last night."

Dick frowned. "How you do that?"

"Probably something to do with that cock in my mouth, fucking my face like a madman. I have to put my lips around my teeth to keep from cutting your cock with them."

"You did it to yourself." His voice was teasingly accusatory.

"Yes, you are right. I could have just let my teeth slice into you. But I chose to sacrifice myself for your pleasure. I threw myself in front of a train for you baby."

"I love you too." His hand reached down and gave her a sharp stinging slap on the butt. Ayva giggled and felt her pussy warm. Fuck life was good.