 I sat at the counter of Diego's Café waiting for my coffee to come up. I had stopped in here on my way to class to get my caffeine buzz rocking before sitting in that studio for the next four hours. Oh, yeah...my name is Jimmie. I have been a semi professional artist pretty much since I moved back to New England 4 years ago. I am 5'10", white, with short blonde hair, I'm not muscle built but I am fit, and have a fairly healthy sex life. The appeal of an artist is very magnetic apparently. Who was I to complain though. As I sat waiting for my coffee, I reached into my messenger bag to remove my travel sketch book. May as well do some doodles to warm up for the morning. As I sat there sketching, I begin to feel a presence over my right shoulder. I slowly look to see a woman staring intently at the cup that I was scribbling onto the paper. 

" You really seem to have some talent." She says, but almost like she was asking as much as she was complimenting. 

" Thanks," I reply genuinely as I put my pencil down to accept my coffee. 

" Do you come here often?" She asks. 

" Yeah, but pretty sporadically." I say as I turn around. There in front of me was this woman that couldn't have been more than 5'4'' and had the softest looking skin I had ever seen. She had what appeared to be fairly large breasts, held on a frame with nice thick hips and gentle thighs. Curves in all the right places and just absolutely beautiful. 

" Too bad, I am here almost every morning. But I will look for you next time. " 

" I would like that, I really have to get to my class though. " I said, regretting the responsible side of me. She had just sat down and was giving me the " I could use the company " look. 

" Its okay, I have an appointment on the other side of campus soon anyway, maybe we can meet up later. Maybe get a caffeine refill?"

" I would like that ." I replied.

With that, I packed up my sketchbook and grabbed my coffee. " I didn't catch your name though, I'm Jimmie." 

" No Jimmie you didn't catch my name, but that will give you reason to talk to me again now won't it?'' She said with a flirtatious smirk. I rushed out to get to my class, I now had 10 minutes to run to the other side of campus, and at 30, I was NOT in the same shape I was at 18. I rushed in just into my life studies class just in time to hear the instructor tell everyone that we were expecting a new model that day. A welcome relief after the last three days of Harry, a 60 year old man that , although was in decent shape for 60, was still inexplicably looked like a 60 year old nude male. By the time I had grabbed my drawing board and chosen a spot on the other side of the room, I heard the instructor announce our subject for the morning. 

"Everyone, I know you will all miss Harry so much, but today we move to a subject that some of you may find more *cough* appealing. Everyone, this is Nikki!"

And with that my morning encounter waltzed into the room wearing nothing but a bathrobe. Her hair was now pulled up, but it did nothing to hide her doe like eyes. She stopped and scanned the room, and was surprised to see me sitting one row from the showing stage. Ever the professional, she disrobed anyway and sat quietly in the chair. At first I was going to just use pencil, to maximize the use of the paper, but I decided to use charcoal instead. I always believed that the simplistic nature of Charcoal allowed me to convey so much more emotion than a pencil could. One stroke could cast a shadow that that in the correct composition could either convey fear, or with the same stroke, in a slightly different context could be seen as enlightening. 

So I start sketching this beautiful creature in front of me. Battling to concentrate on her composition, and not the subtle way her nipples seemed to glisten in the light. Looking at the lines of her supple, silky thighs, without straining to see what was further up when, compositionally, was not important for the piece. I could swear that every once in a while I could catch her looking my way, and maybe...just maybe, I think I saw her crack a slight smile at me. I finished one sketch and moved to the other side of the room. At this angle I could see the slight curve in her back as it led down to her back side. From this angle also, you could see how she was sitting with her breasts pushed out slightly, giving a raw sense of sexuality to the pose that I hadn't noticed from the other side. From here I could also see how her right hand gently draped to the inside of her right thigh. Again, just ever so suggestive. Good thing I didn't start here, I never would have finished the first sketch staring at her raw sexuality on display for everyone to see in such a way. I realized then that I may need to wait a minute after she left before I stood up, my hard on now definitely noticeable to anyone who cared to look. 

Before I realized it was twelve o'clock and the session was over. The teacher was making some sort of announcement, but I was transfixed as Nikki bent over to retrieve her robe, her ass just out there on display, but you could tell she was moving quick so as not to be too obvious and maintain some level of decency. I watched as she left the room but I never saw her look back. I felt juvenile for thinking this way about a woman that I hadn't even had a full conversation with at all. She seemed to have sauntered in to my head and just parked her sexy self on my couch and may never leave. 

I ambled back towards where the train back up north picked up. As I walked back by the Café, I saw her sitting there, sipping a large cup of...something, from the looks possibly a cappuccino or a mocha of some sort. She saw me, smiled, and waved me over. 

" You didn't tell me you were in the life studies class!" she giggled, at the same time she turned the slightest color red as she was trying to hide her blushing. I guess she didn't expect to have to see anyone after such an intimate exposure. 

" You didn't ask now, did you ...Nikki?" I replied

" Yeah, wait let me try that again...HI! Im Nikki!" she said as she mockingly put her hand out for me to shake. I took it and immediately noticed how soft her skin was. She was also still blushing.

"Jimmie, " I reply. I sit next to her in the wire frame chair. 

" I don't think I invited you to sit did I?" 

Confused, I stood back up" Well no but I assum..."

She cracked and started laughing hysterically. 

" Please ...sit, I'm only fucking with you." She snorted as she was trying to regain her composure. Her face now a deep shade of red. She was obviously fighting herself to be this brazen. She was wearing a grayish hooded sweatshirt that was unzipped just enough that I could make out the gentle outline of her ample cleavage. 

"Up here there buddy.." 

"huh?" I said, snapping back to reality.

" I know I have great tits, but my face is up here Jimmie." She said while trying to suppress another chuckle. She was starting to relax more and more, but I could tell that she was still uncomfortable to an extent. It was refreshing and inviting all in the same breath. 

" Sorry, " I said. Trying not to seem awkward, what the hell was wrong with me?

We sat for a good hour exchanging small talk as we got to know each other. She was divorced for a couple years now, and was trying to get a better job further outside the city. To do this she needed a car, and that required money she did not have. Her friend was a TA in the health sciences department and noticed a posting for artistic reference models. She wouldn't say how much it was paying, but it was enough that in a month she could seriously start looking for a vehicle. She also admitted to me that this was her third session, but so far the only one she enjoyed thus far. She smiled at me in a seductive way, letting me know that it was because of me. 

"You know, Im not just a student. I am actually a professional artist. I only take these classes because finding a good model that doesn't look like an Olsen is so hard to come by, that this class is the only way I have been able to find any variety. Do you think you would be open to posing for me exclusively?"

She blushed slightly at the, possibly at the prospect of being one on one in my studio on display, literally more exposed than she was in large instruction studio. I knew from the look on her face that she knew that it would be much more intimate and exposing. Only my eyes would be composing, dissecting, posing, and creating. 

" To start you wouldn't have to be nude, you can be clothed if you want to get comfortable with the idea of being one on one, and then just work from there." I said trying to add some comfort to the situation. I could see the debate written all over her face. Was it the prospect of further income or something else that weighed in the "pro" column? 

"Okay, " she said, but there was a hesitation in her voice though. I waited to hear what she was going to say but nothing came. She looked like the debate had not been fully resolved, so I figured I should make my move then.

"When would you like to get started? My studio isn't far away, just so you know. I have time tomorrow, or later on on Friday..."

"Now....." she said. 

"Now?" I asked, making sure I understood what she was saying. 0

"Look, despite the fact that I do this as my second job Im not exactly an exhibitionist or trampy or...." 

" I never meant to imply that at all, you know. Im sorry I just meant..."

'' I know what you meant, but I need you to know that I am NOT that type of person. So with that in mind If I am going to do this I need to get one under my belt now or I will probably chicken out and not want to do this at all. So ...if you have the time, I mean here I am just imposing and I don't even know if you have anything planned at all. Oh my god ...Are you free? Im sorry, I shouldn't have just assumed...I mean...."

" Nikki, Nikki! Slow down! I am free all afternoon, come on I will show you where my studio / apartment is. "

" Your studio is at your apartment?"

" Hey...most artists can't afford a separate studio ." I said as I held back a chuckle. It still amazed me that the perception was that most artists keep two separate spaces across town from each other. Has no one ever heard the term " starving artist"? It was laughable at best, but that's what you get when you choose passion over stability . " Let's get going, we can be there in twenty minutes by foot, or we can wait for the "T". which is less walking, but with the wait is the same amount of time. "

" Okay lets just walk then." She replied. 

So we walked back to the two bedroom apartment that served not only as my home but as my studio. I had converted the master bedroom into my studio, knowing how fast surplus materials and completed pieces tend to build and take space. I don't keep many of my own paintings on the wall. I don't want one piece to influence any others. I figure if they HAPPEN to look alike or that they belong than so be it, but it is never purposeful. I explained all this to her. She stood in silence taking it all in. I did have one piece hanging in my living that she was admiring, no , I would say studying is more the term. She stared at it with an intensity like she was trying to dissect where it was that I had painted her into the piece already. The painting was 3 ft by 4 ft. It depicted an rolling prairie type hill at night. On the hill you could see the intensity of a night sky that looked like a camera taking a skyshot set on an hour long exposure. On top of the main hill is a single tree that is at the end of its autumnal deleafing, with all the foliage dropped away never to return. On one of the branches hangs a lantern, next to it a broken chain where a second should hang. The second lantern lay on the ground cracked and broken from its fall. She studied this piece for a solid ten minutes, just staring in it, not at but IN. finally she spoke, " Intense." Was all she said. 

": A lot of people think so, a few friends of mine begged me to put it out for that reason. " I said, " To be honest, I hate the piece HAH!" I said. " Let me show you the studio, "

I brought her back past the kitchen to where the master bed room was. As a bedroom this room was decent sized. As a studio it was VERY comfortable. The only issues I ever had was on anything VERY large, but most things I had plenty of space for. I had two seprate easels set up as well as shelving for different supplies all along the farthest wall. There was a door on the opposite wall leading to the bathroom, which would then run through to the second or "real" bedroom. I pointed at the bathroom to show her where it was, should she need it. I went over to where all my supplies were and grabbed a large pad as well as some chalk pastels. May as well do some light studies as well while she is here. I went to the kitchen and brought back a chair for Nikki to sit in. 

" Now since this is our first time together, just do what ever you feel comfortable, you can literally just sit there if you want. " She kind of looked at me, unsure of what to do. I could see now what she was talking about with her insecurities. Nikki decided to just sit. She was dressed in a long flowing summer style skirt and a conservative yet nice looking black low cut top. As I sketched we talked and talked. I could see the worry melt away as the minutes turned to quarters, quarters turned to the first hour. The chalk I was using, seeming to almost trace the gentle curves of her body as she sat. She seemed to be genuinely warming up to me the more we talked. I told her I needed a break and offered her a drink. She just wanted water, so I brought her back a glass of ice water. As she sipped her water I made some light studies showing the shadows and how the fall on her body. We chatted for a little bit and decided to part for the day. I had made six different sketches that I could work with. We made plans to continue the next day and that we would discuss compensation then. 

She came back the next day in a much different mood. " Hey Nikki!" I said as she entered the apartment. 

"Hey!" she replied back. She entered and went straight towards my studio. She seemed genuinely excited for todays session. She had her hair loosely tied up in a messily styled bun. Her clothes were similar to the day before, only her skirt was a little shorter and black, and she wore just a simple zip hoody that she had up just enough to cover her sexy milk white breasts. 

" I figured we could do a couple with you just lounging in this couch, " I pointed at a small couch I had moved from my bedroom to the studio. It was just larger than a love seat and barely classified as a couch, but if we were doing an all day like I hoped, she should be comfortable. She asked if she should get ready and I said sure, and pointed to the bathroom if she needed. She walked over to the couch and she simply unzipped her sweatshirt revealing her smooth alabaster skin and her soft curves that only helped to make her full breasts stand out more. She reclined back into the couch, sitting up and laying her legs out length ways along the edge of the cushions. Her skirt bunched a little on her thighs and I realized I was staring at her with my mouth open a little. 

" Co...coffee??" I managed to stutter. 

" No thank you, " she replied. 

I puttered around the room and gathered some chalk and charcoal, and dug out a couple different sized paper pads. I sketched feverishly, deliberately stroking the charcoal in a manner that lit the shadows evenly throughout the composition. I looked up from my work every now and then I look up to study her deeper, making sure the lines I was laying down were the real her, not just what I saw in my head. I study the way her arm meet shoulders, the way her collar bone slighty presses through skin at the top of chest, the way her breasts seem to rise out of nothingness and create these full globes of skin. I trace with my finger in the charcoal the shadow cast where the underneath of her breats meet back on her chest, the way her stomach creased with the position she sat, the slight way her skirt covered her most private area, only to allow her beautiful legs show through again at the other end. 

I looked up and noticed her sitting with her eyes closed, I realized that I now had a raging hard on that was becoming very ..very uncomfortable. She opened her eyes and noticed my first drawing was done. 

"time for number two?" she asked, and without awaiting a response, she stood and lowered her down revealing that she was without panties. She reclined back in a similar position to before, and looking up at this sexy creature ...here...in my house....laid out for me to see, I snapped. I put down the pad and quickly made my way to her. Without a word, I kneeled in front of her on the couch, slowly spreading her legs. She let out a nervous giggle, but allowed me to spread her wide to see that she too was as excited as I was. This evident from the dampness that glistened on her perfectly shaved pussy. I started to nibble down her inner thigh as my hand crept up her other leg. I could hear her breathing begin to shorten as I got closer to her womanhood. As I reached that glorious junction at the top of her thighs I could hear her gasp a little and even hold her breath. I start to lick around her outer lips, tasting just how wet she had become. Sweet with a slight tanginess to it, just the way I like it! I shift a little, and with the the whole of my tongue, slowly flat licked along the whole slit of her pussy, just like a child with an ice cream cone.

Her breath became short and ragged, and as she reached down and grabbed my head with both hands.....

"Jimmie?" she said " Hey snap back man!"

I was still on the floor, my pad in my hand. I could feel where my impending orgasm had released in my day dream. 

" Are you narcoleptic or something?" She asked, with partial concern in her voice. 

" No , sorry, just something on my mind." I said. 

Must have been something good, you were starting to drool a little bit there for a second.