 The club looked pretty nice from the outside, and I had a copy of their New Year's Workout Ad that "guaranteed" to motivate me and help me lose weight fast. So, I walked in, presented the ad to the girl behind the desk, and was told to have a seat. I had no sooner sat down, than a drop-dead gorgeous young lady came around the corner, greeted me, and asked me to follow her for a tour of the club facilities. She was wearing a bright blue sports bra, and a pair of Spandex shorts. There are very few women that should be even allowed to BUY Spandex shorts, let alone WEAR them, but she was one of those that definitely should. She had long, toned legs, and one of those tight asses that allows you to see daylight when her legs are together- you know, that wonderful, sexy space between her thighs and just below her pussy. I could barely focus on the club, as I followed this goddess through the facility. We finished the tour and came to her office. She motioned me to sit, and then began to ask me the usual questions, i.e., what are your weight goals, how committed are you to making it happen, etc. I was pretty serious this time about really losing the extra pounds, and so I said that I would follow the workout and the recommended diet plan, and my goal was to lose 30 pounds.

She smiled and said that she would be my personal trainer, and would help me achieve my goals. She went on for a few minutes about the workouts, the foods I could eat, and all the rest. Then, she stopped talking. It took me a moment to register that, and when I looked up, she rose, and came around to the front of her desk. She said that she handled her responsibilities as my personal trainer very seriously, and required that I do the same. I said that was okay with me, so we got out our calendars, and agreed to a schedule.

The next evening was my first workout, and she took her time to walk me through the use of each piece of equipment that I would be using. Even though we took it slow and easy, I was wiped out, and breathing hard by the time we finished. She suggested that I head downstairs and hit the Jacuzzi pool before I went home. She said she didn't want me to be sore after the first workout. I went downstairs, stripped off my workout T-shirt, jock, and shorts, then headed for the spa. I had settled in and was enjoying the jets of hot water hitting my back, when she walked up to the pool. She said that the club had closed for the night, and that everyone had left, except us. She asked me if it was okay if she joined me in the spa. I was kind of shocked, but said I thought that would be fine. She pulled her sports bra off, revealing an absolutely perfect set of tits, then, in one motion, slipped off her Spandex shorts, and hopped into the pool. 

So, here we were: one older, overweight guy and one buff, young babe, together in a Jacuzzi after hours. This was totally unexpected, and I was, frankly, at a bit of a loss for words. She sat across from me, and smiled. She said that she was very proud of my efforts this first day, and if I kept up my side of the deal, she would make it well worth my while. I said that that was my plan; I really wanted to lose the 30 pounds. She stood up, stretched her lean body, slowly turned around in a complete circle, and asked me if I liked what I saw. Once again, it was a bit difficult for me to speak- this was NOT a normal situation for me. I finally sputtered out a "Yes." She laughed and drew closer to me, turned her back to me, and then sat down on me knees. Instantly, my cock got very big and very hard. Here was this incredible, nude, beautiful woman, sitting just inches away from my dick. She then leaned back against my chest, and asked me to help hold her and support her, as she enjoyed a quick massage from the pool jets. I agreed, even though I wasn't sure what exactly she meant by that. 

She lowered herself a bit, and I could see that she had placed her pussy up against one of the jets. She let out a low groan, and pushed back against me to keep herself up tightly against the jet. I could see what was happening- she was giving her pussy one serious workout from the water jet. She squirmed and moaned and rocked in my arms, as the water spurted against her clit. In a matter of minutes, she began to orgasm. She let out a loud, "OH YES! YES! YES!" and I could feel her whole body shake with her lust. She came hard and long, maybe several times in a row, and then, finally, pushed herself away from the jet. She lay in my arms and it took several minutes for her to recover.

At last, she returned to the real world, thanked me with a light kiss on my lips, stood up, and then, climbed out of the pool. As she reached for her towel and clothes, she paused, and said, "Tonight is a tease. I want to get you motivated. So, tonight, all you get is what just happened. But, if you stick to the plan, you get more for every 10 pounds you lose. Bye!" With that, she wrapped the towel around her, and was gone. I was sitting in the pool with a raging hard-on, and she was gone. This just doesn't happen to guys like me. But, right then and there, I decided I was going to make this diet work, and just see how this all played out.

Over the next three weeks, I kept to the right foods, and stuck to my workout plan exactly. I would show up every evening, and she would bust my butt on the weight equipment, and then the cardio, like the bicycle or the treadmill. At the end of those three weeks, I weighed in and had lost 11 pounds. She gave me a big smile of congratulations, and said she was very proud of me. "Go get a shower." She said. I headed downstairs to the locker room, and showered. I returned to my locker, and was just opening it to get my street clothes, when I sensed someone behind me. "Drop the towel, and sit down, straddling the end of the bench." she said. I let the towel drop to the floor, and sat as she had instructed me. 

She sat behind me, also straddling the bench. I could only see her legs on each side of me, but I could feel her naked breasts against my bare back. She snuggled up against me, slowly rubbing her breasts against me. Once again, my cock began to rise. This time, she reached around me, and took my cock in her hands. She also had a small plastic bottle of some oil, which she liberally poured over my cock and balls. Then she began to stroke me from behind. Her hands ran up and down my hard cock, under my balls, then up and down again. It was very hot. I could hear her breathing, and feel her warm breath on my back. Her hands were amazing, as they tantalized me. She could feel my balls begin to tighten and gather close, and she said softly, "Now. Cum for me now." She pumped my cock with one hand and gently squeezed my balls with the other. I couldn't hold back any longer, and began to orgasm in her hands. My cum shot out hard, spurting all over the locker room floor. She knew exactly what she was doing, and I was over the top in pure bliss. Oh man oh man- I just kept spurting out that cum juice. She slowed, and finally stopped, as I softened in her hand. She said, "Congratulations on the first 10 pounds. Keep up the good work." Then, she was gone.

I sat there in a daze for a while, then went and showered again, dressed, and headed home. This personal trainer stuff was worth EVERY penny! Over the next few weeks, I worked hard at trying to lose another 10 pounds, but it was a lot harder to do than the first 10. But, she kept on encouraging me, and cheering me on. Every other day or so, she would lean close, and whisper to me how I was "so close to earning my next reward." I'll tell you, that is seriously motivating! It took me five weeks to lose the second ten, but on that Thursday evening, the scale said that I had made it. She was standing behind me reading the scale, and when she saw the numbers were right, she reached around and stroked my cock through my shorts. "See you in the locker room again." she said. I headed down, stripped, and showered. I was waiting for her on the bench again, when she appeared. "Sorry I'm late," she said, "but I had to lock up."

She kneeled before me, and gave me a big smile. "I'm so proud of you! You are working so hard. Here's reward number Two." Then she opened my towel, leaned forward and began to suck on my cock. She took the tip into her mouth, and played with it with her tongue. She nibbled and flicked it, and laughed, when it began to grow. She then licked its entire length, up and down, and then, rolled onto her back on the floor. This placed her head directly below my dangling balls at the end of the bench. She raised her head and slowly took each of my balls, in turn, into her mouth. She would suck on them, lick them, and hold them in her mouth and hum. It was torture. I kept thinking of that old joke: "Stop... Don't....Don't... Stop....Don't Stop!!!" My cock was hanging there hard as a rock, as she spent a long time working on my balls. 

Then she slid a bit forward and took the tip of my dick into her mouth. She licked and sucked on it, working it deeper into her throat. I sat there, frozen, just watching her take me inside her, lapping, sucking, slurping, and each time, taking me deeper and deeper. This girl knew how to do it. I could barely breathe, she felt so good. I looked down and my entire cock was buried in her mouth, her lips against my crotch hairs. From my position, I could see the front of her throat stretched long and straight, and knew my cock was inside. I was thinking I might cum shortly, when she pulled me very slowly out, and then once again, sat up facing me. Her fingertips were still softly tickling my balls, as she then took me into her mouth again. Each time she pulled away, she would suck as hard as she could , which created an incredible vacuum. She would look up at me, and wink, then push her mouth down tightly again and again. 

I told her that I couldn't hold off any longer, and was going to cum. She grabbed my balls with her fingers, and began to massage them quickly, pulling them gently, but firmly. Her mouth continued its worship of my cock, and in only a few more strokes, I was exploding into her. She didn't miss a drop, swallowing all my cum as fast as I could pump it into her. She took every bit, and kept sucking. I was going crazy; this was one of the most intense blow jobs of my life. It felt like it would never stop. I just kept cumming and cumming. As I began to soften finally, she smiled, stood up, kissed me briefly, and once again, was gone.

Over the next few weeks, I gained my strength. My wind came back, and I was gaining great muscle strength. But, I wasn't losing weight any more. In fact, I was at a plateau. My body fat count was going down, and I was losing inches off my waist, but not losing pounds. It was great to be getting in shape, but I was disappointed to realize that I was NOT going to lose 10 more pounds, and was NOT going to earn the final reward. Oh well, it had been a good ride. My pant size had dropped 6 inches, and I looked and felt great. I was getting compliments from lots of folks that knew me before my weight loss, and that was kind of neat, too. I continued to workout, and was really getting some definition in several places. She kept cheering me on, kept increasing the workouts, and kept telling me how great I was doing.

About eight months had passed since I had started, and I was finishing up my last set. She said she was going to lock up, and would be back, and asked me to take my time, and stick around. When she returned, she sat on a stool nearby, and watched me finish lifting. I was on my back doing some bench press reps, and she was teasing me to do another set. I pushed it and did. Then set the bar in place, and just laid there looking at her. "Thanks," I said. "Thanks for all your help."

"It was fun," she said. "I didn't know if you would actually stick to it. Most don't. I'm proud of you. So.... Do you want to fuck?" Just like that first time in the pool, she whipped off her sports bra, peeled off her shorts, and walked over to me. She reached up and loosened my shorts, then pulled them down to my ankles. She grabbed the top of my jock, told me to lift my ass, and pulled my jock to my ankles as well. Then she pulled my shirt up and over my head. I was still on the bench, and she was now straddling me, standing over me. My cock was pointing straight up at her pussy, and I could tell she was as excited as I. 

She lowered herself slowly until her wet slit was encompassing the top of my cock. I could feel her heat, and as she rubbed her pussy back and forth, I could tell she was dripping wet. I pushed up into her just a little, and she gasped. Then, she lowered herself onto me completely. When my cock was in her to the hilt, she closed her eyes and squeezed her pussy tightly. Her pussy was like a vise on my cock, grabbing me tightly. Only, it was slippery and wet, too. She felt beyond amazing. Her pussy was so hot, it almost hurt. But, a really GOOD hurt, you know?!!

I reached up and grabbed her ass, pulling her down tightly on me. She began to writhe back and forth, rubbing her clit against me, as her pussy continued to squeeze on my cock. Then, I lifted her and pulled her down on me. She gasped out loud, and began to hump me on her own. I met her each time, pushing up into her as she dropped down on me. All you could hear was our bodies slapping together, and the two of us gasping and grunting in unison. The sweat was dripping off of both of us, and we were having the ride of our lives. We were both in shape now, and had the energy and the stamina to really fuck and fuck and fuck! She had her eyes closed and was humping me like a machine, and I was fucking her hot pussy right back. Finally, she let out a yell and began to crest, her orgasm exploding inside her, and sending waves through her body. She was yelling and squirming and shaking and pumping and cumming like crazy. Oh man, she was HOT! I growled out loud and then began to cum, too. I plunged into her and spurted my cum deep inside her. I ground myself into her, spewing my cum, and she was beside herself in an explosion of intense lust. It was probably only a couple minutes, but it felt like we were cumming and cumming for an hour! She collapsed onto my chest, and we both just held each other there for a long time. That fuck was like a full-blown workout. She blew me away.

We got up eventually, went and showered off, and then I took her home to my house. She moved in shortly thereafter, and we "worked out" regularly. Best diet plan I ever tried.