 This is a series of exchanges written by an aunt and her eighteen year old nephew following them having sex. It looks at that incestuous relationship from both party's perspectives, examining their doubts and concerns and their pleasure and thrills.

It is a complicated story and will be told in numerous parts. It is obviously advisable to start at Part 1 and read through each part savouring how their relationship develops and changes. However, for those unwilling to go back, each part does stand alone.

*

You smiled and with your eyes twinkling you lay down beside me on your back. You reached out and took my hand in yours.

"Yes Matt you can touch my tits now," you said quietly. "Firstly Matt, gently feel their weight, they're very sensitive so you don't have to be rough with them." 

That first touch was electric, the sensation was mesmerising. It was a moment and a feeling that I knew would live with me for ever.

****

Adding in the teaching element, made me feel better. Explaining to you how to cup, how to hold, how to stroke, squeeze, pinch and rub my breasts removed some of the guilt. And as you did each of those in turn while we lay side by side on the bed so I became more relaxed about what we were doing. It almost goes without saying that I also became enormously aroused. Anyone doing that to me would have a strong effect, that it was you, my nephew, a teenager who was so naive, inexperienced and sexually immature just increased the impact immensely.

I guess, in the end, touching a girl's tits comes naturally to a guy, once his nervousness has gone, and yours went very quickly. I felt, as you rubbed my breasts, as you squeezed them and as you followed my instructions on how to cup them and stroke them, all the lovely sensations I would get with an experienced lover. All the peripheral aspects of what we were doing, simply added to what I was feeling and what you were giving to me. Particularly the way that your gaze alternated between staring at my breasts, ogling the rest of my body and looking into my eyes. That was so a\lluring and exciting.

I moaned as I closed my eyes.

"Oh yes baby, oh yes Matt, that's lovely."

"Is it ok? Am I doing it right?"

"Yes darling," I groaned turning and lifting my face towards yours inviting a kiss. "You are doing everything so very right. Yes pinch my nipples."

As our mouths met again you did just that. My tits exploded with sensations as I plunged my tongue deep into your mouth. Without thinking or considering the consequences, my hand involuntarily reached out for you. It wasn't far away and was easy to find. I grasped your hard, young cock. It felt lovely. I broke the kiss.

"You have a gorgeous cock Matt," I breathed, probably going over the top a little, but that was what I felt.

Maybe a little too firmly and possibly a little too quickly you were continuing to work on my breasts, seemingly and naturally I suppose, not knowing where to go or what to do next.

"Do I Cat, do I really."

"Yes it is awesome, it's big, round hard and thick and I want it to fuck me. Where will you put it?"

"I want it up you Cat, I want to put it in you." You said incredibly and hugely arousingly huskily.

"Where in me Matt, remember we are in the bedroom, we are on the bed, we are naked and we are having sex. So tell me where."

You seemed to take some time plucking up the courage for when you spoke it was so quiet that I hardly heard you say. "Your cunt."

"Louder baby, where do you want to put that nice, big cock of yours when you fuck your aunty?" 

Oh God, even saying that sent shivers of guilt accompanied by shudders of want through me. If they were good, then when you said much louder. 

"Your cunt Cat, I want to fuck your cunt," I almost started to cum.

But I didn't. There was more work to do before that, more teaching, more educating. 

Still holding you, but only lightly for I could feel the fairly strong throbbing in your cock, I lifted myself up so that my breasts were above your face.

"I need to teach you how to use your mouth Matt."

The look of shock, pleasure and then anticipation on your face was just reward. That was what this was about, in some ways, wasn't it? I couldn't be having sex with my sister's son merely for my own pleasure, could I?

"My mouth?" You asked.

"Yes, using your mouth, all of it on my breasts, any girl's breasts, Matt, is wonderful for her and fantastic for the man."

"How, we, um er, what, what do mean Cat, how do I do that?" You asked nervously, although you must have been aware the part the man's mouth on the woman's breasts plays in sex. Even you were not that naïve.

"Like this," I said holding up my boob and easing it towards your mouth. "Hold it Matt."

You did, a little too tightly.

"No looser, like you would a bird, strong enough so that it won't escape, but not enough to hurt it," I sighed using a golfing term. "Mmmmm, that's just right, well done, that feels lovely," I praised you, looking into your eyes and smiling. "Now kiss my nipple Matt."

"Where, on the big bit or the bit that sticks up."

I smiled. "Anywhere baby, it all feels wonderful. That's great." I sighed sincerely. "Now lick it Matt, lick my nipple."

You did as I asked and the lovely, slightly rough feeling of your tongues across the pink, rubberyness of my areola and nipple sent shudders through me. I put my hand round your neck and pulled your face more firmly against my tit. 

"Now darling," I whispered. "Very gently, very carefully take my nipple between your teeth and bite it, but ever so softly. No, careful, easy. Mmmmm lovely. Is that nice for you Matt?"

The mumbled "Yes" and the renewed gentle chewing efforts as, at the same time, unasked, you stroked my other breast was great. You learned so quickly.

"Nice?"

"Oh it's wonderful Cat, it's fantastic," you groaned, continuing to chew and lick my nipple and caress my breasts.

"Ok baby, there's one more thing you have to learn about your mouth and my breasts."

"Breasts Cat, I thought they were tits in the bedroom?" You said cheekily as your confidence grew.

"One more thing about you and my tits then." I replied laughing, giving your impressively sturdy cock a rub.

"You have to learn, Matt, how to suck my nipples, just like a baby sucks their mother's teets."

The low, almost animalistic moan that slipped from your mouth, which slid from my nipple was, so rewarding. "Oh God yes, aunty, yes."

****

Why had I said that? Why had I called you aunty again? It just felt nice. I was feeling odd. I wanted you to be my aunty, my mum's sister, my teacher and leader. I wanted to be your baby, your nephew.

****

Was the slip back to aunty intended? Was it a Freudian slip or was it some sort of sub-conscious thing? I had no idea, but hearing it affected me.

"You want to suck aunty's titties do you Matt?"

"Yes," you breathed.

God knows where it came from, but suddenly in my mind I saw my sister Janise's breasts. She has great tits. They are bigger and fuller than mine, yet hardly sag at all. Again with no forethought or planning I blurted out

"Will you think they are your mum's tits?" 

You groaned deeply. Was there something deeply sub-conscious going on now, I wondered?

****

Oh God how can she know that, I thought as I sucked your tits? She'll be really pissed at me. She'll know that I really am a pervert if I admit to her that yes in my mind I was sucking my mum's tits.

****

"Think of being a baby. Think of what a baby does, think how you have seen a baby at a woman's teets Matt?" I groaned, my hand holding the back of your head pulling it tighter to my breast

You moaned again as I watched you take my breast with both hands, with just the right pressure, move your face towards it and then close your lips round the nipple, which was as inflated as I could ever remember it being.

"Think of sucking my tits Matt, think of sucking Cat's tits, think of sucking your aunty's tits......" I paused before going on with a phrase that had now become as inevitable as it was outrageous, or was it? "Think of sucking your mum's tits Matt."

Your low moan and the jerk of your cock in my hand told me I had struck a chord with you with that remark.

****

Why keep on about mum's tits? Why keep asking me? It was true, I was a pervert. Only a perv could think they way I do about their mother. Only a slimeball could think of her naked, could spy on her when she wasn't looking and could imagine sucking her tits, playing with her cunt and fucking her.

Only a real sleaze would rummage through the dirty washing basket looking for her panties and bras and then rub them against themselves. Only a total perv would put their mum's panties on and wank in them, once cumming on the lacy thong, which I had to wash and dry with hairdryer.

****

God this was turning into the most amazing scenario. Here I was cradling my nephew's face to my naked breasts as I talked to him about sucking his mother's, my sister's, tits. Was I going too far, had it all got out of control? Had the things that happened in the past resurfaced somehow and were now affecting us? Had we lost it?

I changed tack, just in case.

"Oh Matt that is so, so good," I sighed stroking your neck and back.

****

Whilst talking about mum's tits was worrying, but also exciting I was more amazed at how yours felt. I just knew as I sucked and licked them that mum's would feel exactly the same. I was amazed by their texture, the feel of your soft skin against my tongue, your hard erect nipples against my lips. I found it strange the way your soft white skin gave way to the crinkled pinkness of your areola then on to the rubberyness of your nipples.

It was one of those magical situations I could have played for hours, sucking, nibbling and rolling your tits over my tongue. The way you cooed, moaned and stroked my head told me you were enjoying it too.

"Oh Matt, yes, yes suck them. ... That's it baby, suck aunty's tits ... mmmmm that's good. Now kiss them all around the nipple." As you spoke your breathing was becoming more ragged. "Oh God yes!"

I did just as you ordered, covering each breast with soft kisses, and big open mouthed, sucking, licking kisses. As you became more excited so I became bolder, feasting and gorging myself on you, leaving your tits glistening with my saliva.

Breaking away I looked at you, your eyes were glazed, your cheeks were flushed and your breath was coming in short gasps.

"Was that right Cat, did I do it properly?" I knew the answer but I still wanted to be told. I wanted you to compliment me, I liked hearing that.

After a moments hesitation you replied, telling me what I knew. "Yes baby, that was lovely!" Your breathing became steadier, controlled and the flush in your cheeks waned.

Placing your hands either side of my face you held me, bringing your lips to mine. As they touched I closed my eyes letting the sensations of your lips against mine wash over me, and as the kiss turned from gentle and tender through to passionate so our tongues danced and played. We'd taken our breather, now the passion built again, the kiss becoming more urgent our need greater.

You hadn't touched my cock for some time but it felt like it was on fire, I could feel every bit of skin on my balls, up my engorged shaft and to the soft but ever so tender purple head was stretched tight. I almost understood what they meant by "painfully hard". I don't think my cock had ever been this hard, this thick or this sensitive before. Every so often it brushed against you or the sheets sending little spasms from the tip through the thick shaft to my tight cum filled balls creating little shudders in me.

Breaking our kiss you looked deep into my half closed eyes. Your cheeks were again flushed, your eyes wide with the pupils dilated and your breath was landing heavily on me.

"Matt, I want you to fuck me, I want your cock in my cunt, I want to feel every inch of your beautiful cock stretching me, filling me. You've made me so wet, but first I want you to touch me. I want to teach you about touching a woman's cunt and making her cum! Do you want that Matt?"

I couldn't believe my aunty Cat was being so direct, using those words, yet it was the most sexy, sensual thing I'd ever heard, it wasn't crude or crass, it was the talk of lovers who were comfortably telling each other exactly what they felt and wanted.

"Yes Cat, oh yes. I want to touch you, I want to touch your pussy, your cunt. Show me, teach me." 

It was with wonder that I moved on into this new part of our game.

Moving so you were on your back with me laying on my side along side you I felt your left hand reach across you and take my right wrist. Flattening my palm I let you lead my hand in small circles across your tits that had flattened against your chest, my fingers and palms brushing your already distended nipples, round and round before your guidance changed direction and the small circles moved to your soft belly.

****

As I lay back, as I felt my breasts sag to either side, as my tummy flattened and as I reached out for your hand, I think I recognised for probably the first time that we had definitely reached that seminal moment, that defining moment, that moment when I knew that we would fuck. That moment when I knew I would fuck you, my sister's son, my eighteen-year-old nephew my teenage lover.

I still, though, had no real idea why. I had never had more than a passing fancy for young men; well maybe slightly more than that for one with for whom I didn't pass, I stopped, and had an energetic three week fling, but he was twenty three. Also, ok, you were an attractive looking young guy, with a nice physique and a pleasing manner, but they should have been hardly sufficient attributes to persuade me into the situation we were now in on the bed, naked and caressing each other's most sexually intimate places.

I slid your hand downwards.

"Can you feel my hairs Matt?"

"Oh yes you croaked."

I pushed your straightened fingers further so the middle three were near to the front of my lips. "Is it nice?" 

"Yes," you gasped as I pressed on the back of your fingers thus pushing the tips close to the side, but not touching my clit. My body jerked.

"Is it wet, Matt?"

"Oh Cat yes, yes it's wet, very wet, it's wonderful."

"That's what you have done to me Matt, that's what happens when a man excites a woman. You have made me wet, you have made your aunty wet, very, very wet."

"Is that good?"

I smiled as I looked at you. I reached out, hooked my hand round the back of your neck and pulled your face towards mine. Just before my opened mouth closed on your lips I whispered.

"Oh yes, baby, yes, yes, yes, that is good, very, very good."

I moved your fingertips so that they eased into the pink, silky, wet folds at the front of my vagina. I wiggled them around a little.

"Oh that feels wonderful," you moaned kissing my chin and running your tongue up and down my neck, even slipping the tip into my ear. 'Fuck, he does learn quick,' I thought pumping your prick, quite forgetting that I could so easily make you cum.

It wasn't as easy as I thought it would be finding my clit through the fingertips of another, but after some fumbling around in those camouflaging folds I suddenly hit it. My body jerked once then again, then a third time as massive sensations roared through me.

"Oh fuck, oh yes," I moaned pushing your hand more firmly onto that stalk that has no other purpose than to provide sexual gratification. I shuddered and writhed with the intensity of the charge of sexual pleasure.

"You ok, Cat, is that alright."

"Oh yes silly, oh yes baby," I moaned stroking your face. "Do you know what that is?" I asked pressing your fingertips right on it.

"Is it, er, um, is it your clit Cat?"

"Yes darling," I groaned running your fingers with mine all round and alongside that small, but so exceedingly pleasurable protuberance. "It is the place on a woman that gives the strongest sexual sensations. Rub it slowly and gently, you can feel it can't you?"

"Like this? Is this it?" You asked.

I didn't need to speak to answer that. Even with your sexual naivety and inexperience, I was quite confident that you would realise the answers to both questions was yes.

Is it just male instinct, I wondered, or did you pick things up very quickly? Whatever it was, I was able to take my guiding hand away. It wasn't weren't needed, you didn't need my direction for in moments you were clitorially masturbating me as expertly as that can be done. My reactions to that gave you the answers to those questions.

My head went back, my eyes were scrunched closed, my mouth was wide open, I was gasping for breath. I groaned and moaned and made animal like growls from deep in my throat as I arched my back, pushed myself hard against your fingers and opened and closed my legs trying to wring every last bit of pleasure from your fingers. My body shuddered and squirmed as it was racked with a series of tremendous shock waves of arousal. You were giving me an orgasm.

"Oh fuck, oh shit, oh yes, oh Matt," I moaned, clamping my thighs round your pleasure giving hand as I wrapped my arms round your neck and kissed you deeply,

"You know what you are doing don't you?" I whined.

"What?" Was your innocent answer.

"You're making me cum and it's wonderful."