 "Shit!" Frustrated, Shara slammed her palm against the steering wheel. Six inches of late winter snow had her car stuck, and after half an hour of digging and jockeying back and forth, she was no closer to getting it out than she'd been at first.

She had to get to work. She'd already called her boss to let him know she would be late, and he hadn't seemed to have a problem with it. But he expected her to be there eventually.

Unless she managed to get her car out of the apartment building's parking lot, she wouldn't be going anywhere. Getting out wasn't looking promising.

Someone tapped on the window. Startled, Shara looked up at her neighbor, Jeremy. He held up a shovel. "Want help?"

Shara opened the window. "If you're offering to dig me out, yes, I'd love some help. Why haven't they plowed the lot yet?"

"Who knows?" Jeremy opened Shara's door. "You've been out here a while. Why don't you go in and warm up, and I'll tackle this?"

She couldn't do that. It wasn't fair to ask him to completely take over shoveling out her car. Having the help would be nice, but he probably had somewhere to go.

Then again, he was offering. And she was freezing, despite the warmth from the car heater.

"Thanks." She got out of the car. "I'll just go in for a few minutes."

"No worries. I can handle this." He smiled, showing a small dimple on either side of his mouth.

Damn, he's hot. Shara shook her head. It wasn't the first time she'd noticed how attractive Jeremy was. More than once, she'd considered hitting on him. But the awkwardness potential of getting involved with a neighbor, even for a one-time fuck, was more than she wanted to deal with.

Maybe she would have to reconsider that. It might be worth the risk.

"Thanks," she said again.

"No problem." He pushed her car door closed. "Go on in. If you want to pay me back, I'd be happy to have a cup of coffee when I'm done."

"Duly noted."

She hesitated. Leaving him to shovel alone still felt wrong, but he had already begun digging the snow away from her front tires. Since he was willing to do the heavy labor, who was she to argue? She headed inside and started the coffee maker.

Through the kitchen window, which overlooked the parking lot, she watched Jeremy shoveling. It was a nice thing for him to do, especially given how heavy and wet the snow was. Somehow a cup of coffee didn't seem like enough to give him in return.

She could easily think of another way to repay him. The trick would be getting him into her apartment. That probably wouldn't be too difficult, though. By the time he was finished shoveling, he would need to warm up. She could definitely help with that.

Sex with a neighbor probably was a bad idea, but today, she didn't care. Today, it was time to say "fuck it" and just go after what she wanted.

Finally the coffee was ready. Shara poured a cup and returned to the window. Jeremy was still shoveling around her car, but it looked like he had almost finished digging it out.

Leaving her coffee, she went back outside. "How's it going?"

Jeremy turned toward her. "Almost there."

"I can finish it."

He shook his head. "I'm sure you can, but I've done this much. I might as well do the rest."

"Thank you." She paused. "When you're finished, come to my place. I have coffee ready."

"Awesome. I'm going to need it." He smiled again. "Don't worry about this, okay? I just wanted to help out my neighbor. No big deal."

"I appreciate it. See you inside in a few minutes."

She returned to her apartment and started drinking her coffee. Maybe for Jeremy, digging out her car was no big deal, but she was used to taking care of herself. Having someone help her was rare, and Jeremy's willingness to do so meant something to her.

After a couple of minutes, there was a knock on the door. She opened it to see Jeremy, snow-covered and slightly out of breath.

"Come in." She stepped back. "Don't worry about tracking in the snow. I've already made a mess."

He wiped his feet on the mat and closed the door. "Thanks. I can't stay long. I have to go to work."

"So do I." She wouldn't have as much time with him as she'd hoped, but that was all right. She could get things started, at least. "Have a seat."

He sat in one of the two chairs at the table, facing sideways. Shara went to the coffee maker. "How do you take your coffee?"

"Black is fine." Jeremy leaned back and closed his eyes. "Shoveling was harder than I thought. I don't mind doing it, but I'm glad for a rest."

"I appreciate your help." Shara poured a cup of coffee and set it on the table in front of Jeremy.

He opened his eyes, picked up the cup, and took a sip. "Ah, caffeine. I needed that. Thank you."

"You're welcome."

She stepped closer to him. Now was as good a time as any. Bending, she kissed him.

He made a quiet sound against her mouth, but gave no sign of objecting to the kiss. Encouraged, she touched her tongue to his lips, and was rewarded by his opening his mouth slightly.

As the kiss deepened, Shara's heart beat faster. Desire raced through her, and she lowered herself onto his lap.

Immediately, he cupped her ass, pulling her closer. His hard cock pressed against her crotch, prominent even through their jeans. Her nipples hardened. Obviously he was enjoying this as much as she, and that excited the hell out of her.

But she wasn't going to stop with just the kiss. After a few moments, she pulled away and knelt in front of him. Her hands on his belt buckle, she looked up into his brown eyes. "Okay?"

He slid down a little in the chair and spread his arms. "Do whatever you want."

That was all the invitation she needed. Deftly, she undid his belt and unfastened his jeans. The bulge in his boxer briefs was appealing, and she caressed it, pleased by the soft moan he gave in response.

She wasn't satisfied with only playing with his cock through his briefs, though that was unquestionably enjoyable. She pushed them down, freeing his cock from the fabric.

For a few seconds, she simply looked at him. His cock was gorgeous. Thick, a perfect length. Inside her, it would feel incredible.

They didn't have time to fuck, though. Not the way she wanted it. That would have to wait until later. For now, she only wanted to pay him back for digging out her car.

She wrapped her hand around his shaft and stroked gently as she touched her tongue to his cock head. Again he moaned and slid down more, giving her better access.

Although they didn't have much time, there was time for her to tease him a bit before she gave him what she was certain he wanted. She continued stroking and licking his cock, and the sounds he made excited her. If only they didn't have to go to work. She would love to have that cock in her pussy. But she would just have to wait and imagine how good it would feel when she finally had him where she wanted him.

Abruptly, he gripped her hair and pulled her head backward, forcing her to look up. "Stop teasing," he growled.

The command thrilled her, and she obeyed, taking his cock in her mouth though she couldn't manage all of it. It had been far too long since she'd had a cock in her mouth. Her pussy tightened, and she grew wet as she sucked him, pulling back from time to time to tease him again with her tongue.

"I'm going to come," he said after a little while.

That didn't stop Shara. She wanted to taste him. She continued licking and sucking, and cupped his balls, eliciting a loud moan from him.

And then he came, filling her mouth. As he spasmed, she swallowed, determined not to lose a single drop. His hand tightened in her hair, painfully so, but she didn't care. She'd done what she had set out to do.

His cock began to soften, and she pulled back to smile up at him. "Like I said, thank you for digging out my car."

"Shit." He took a few shallow breaths. "If that's what you do for thanks, I should help you out more often." He glanced at his watch. "I have to go. I feel bad that you didn't get anything out of this."

"I got plenty." She licked her lips. "If you're feeling guilty, maybe you should come over after work so we can finish what we started."

"Absolutely." He stood and helped her up. Lightly, he kissed her forehead. "Say seven o'clock?"

"I'll see you then."

"Perfect."

He left. Shara considered taking some time with her vibrator to finish off the hunger that had risen in her while she'd sucked Jeremy's cock, but decided against it. She could wait until that night. Building the anticipation would only make it better when she finally got what she wanted from Jeremy.

She cleaned up the cups and shut off the coffee maker, then left for work. The day would go quickly. She had a lot to look forward to.