 "Do we really want to let go of another opportunity?" Tim asked, following her. 

The magnetism he was exuding was becoming more than she thought she could resist. The problem was, she really did want to go with him. But did she dare? It was just dinner with an old friend. And it was Tim Lawrence. How many more times could she use that justification? Did she really even need to be justifying anything? Wendy had said they still had to have their own lives. 

Still, there was this indescribable feeling inside of her that caused her to finally ask, "Can we at least wait until the bride and groom leave? I feel like I should at least stay to the end." 

"Absolutely," Tim responded happily, breathing his relief. 

And so they did. While waiting, they danced more, and not just slow dances. Although the more slow dances they shared, the more of them Samantha wanted. And not just because it was Tim Lawrence. Strangely, as the minutes wore on, she found herself really enjoying being with . . . a man. 

When Samantha and Tim finally departed, it was in his vehicle. Her car was at home because they had all ridden in a limousine. So, she asked, "You mind if we stop at my apartment so I can change into something less formal? It's more or less on the way." 

"Doesn't matter where it is. That will be our first stop." As he drove, Tim asked, "So, you didn't get the house?" 

"Didn't want it—or the memories. Couldn't have afforded to keep it up, anyway. You?" 

"She got it. I didn't need anything that big." 

Samantha caught him stealing glances at her as they rode. She caught him because she was stealing glances at him. But in the back of her mind, she was also thinking about Wendy. She couldn't shake the feeling that what she was doing was somehow wrong. And if that wasn't bad enough, she was beginning to have fears that people at the restaurant would recognize her and maybe even ask where Wendy was. However, she was also reminded that Wendy was constantly telling her that she needed to be happy because for so long she had not been. Right now, she was happy; very, very happy. 

"By the way, you never told me what you do for a living?" Samantha finally thought to ask. 

"I own a small computer consulting company. We set up networks, handle hardware, and do repairs. I have five other guys and a couple of girls who work for me." 

"Oh, that's impressive." It really was. "Maybe you can take a look at mine while I change. It's gotten miserably slow." 

"My pleasure." 

By then, they had arrived and she led him in. "It's not much, but for now, it's home." Samantha had never had the interest to decorate her apartment with pictures and knick-knacks that women usually like to adorn their homes with; like Wendy had done with her condo. But Samantha didn't intend to live here forever, and so, she didn't want to spend much time, money and effort on it. In addition, she seldom had visitors. Even Wendy had only been here a couple of times. The two women generally preferred the comfort of the condo. 

"As long as you're comfortable. Mine is pretty much the same." 

"Well, I don't plan to be here forever. The computer is in the spare bedroom." She led him down the short hallway where they parted, him to the computer, her to her bedroom. She closed the door behind her. 

Now, what to wear, Samantha wondered. Tim was still nicely dressed in a suit, so she couldn't get too casual. Rooting through her closet, she found a nice sweater-type shirt that buttoned up the front and a light-colored, short skirt. It wasn't fancy, somewhat casual, but not out of place with his suit. And best of all, she had never worn it with Wendy. 

Samantha found him intently staring at the computer monitor. "Bad?" She pulled another chair next to him and sat fairly close. 

"I don't think so," he said, giving her a quick glance, but doing a double-take after glimpsing her cleavage and legs all in one look. "Wow! You look fantastic!" 

"Thank you," she beamed. "So, what does it look like?" 

"How long have you had this computer?" 

"A couple of years," Samantha answered with a shrug. 

"Have you ever done a defrag?" 

"What's that?" 

Tim smiled over her common response to that question. "Information on your hard drive gets separated for a variety of reasons. It gets fragmented. So, periodically, you need to run software that defragments your files and puts them back together. If you've never done it or had it done, over time, your computer can slow down. So, we'll try to defrag it and see if that solves your problem." Throughout his explanation, Tim had been devouring her with his eyes. She had grown into an incredibly beautiful woman. He couldn't believe any man would let her go. He couldn't help peaking at her cleavage and all the leg exposed by her short skirt. 

Samantha could see him checking her out and was glad he was interested. Without thinking, she leaned closer and pecked him on the cheek. "Thank you so much. How long will it take?" 

Surprised by her show of gratitude, he faced her. "It'll take hours, but we don't have to wait. It can run until it finishes." 

"Oh," Samantha said almost disappointedly, gazing dreamily into his eyes. 

"Yeah," Tim acknowledged, nearly as stunned as she was. 

Samantha impulsively leaned in and kissed him—on the lips this time. He kissed back. Then she pulled back abruptly, covering much of her face with her hands in embarrassment. "I'm sorry." 

"You didn't hear me complain." This time, he kissed her. 

They both let it escalate. This included touching: hands on thighs, arms, shoulders. Eventually, his hand approached her breast. She had no resistance to stop it. And worse, she couldn't prevent her own hand from traveling up his thigh and nearly connecting with his growing bulge. He couldn't help touching her breast; she couldn't help enjoying it. She didn't even stop him from unbuttoning a couple of buttons on her blouse. She did the same on his shirt, except she undid all, not just a couple. 

Samantha stopped and stood. Throwing caution, rational thinking and all other concerns to the wind, governed only by growing passion and uncontrollable desire, she pulled him up also. "Let's go someplace more comfortable." Leading him into her bedroom, she playfully pulled his shirt completely off, dropping it on the floor. 

In her bedroom, she crawled on the bed backwards with him following. Their lips came together again. They were both hot and the kiss intensified; so much so, Tim pulled her top apart to expose more of her breasts. Samantha desperately wanted to feel his hands on her tits, and he did not disappoint. She actually appreciated the firmness of his touch, unlike the tenderness of Wendy's. Likewise, he sucked on her nipples with determination. He used the tip of his tongue with surprising expertise on the flat of her nipples and areola, rivaling even Wendy's skill. 

Tim was moving fast, now easing down to undo her skirt. Samantha liked his pace, again the opposite of Wendy's. He quickly removed the skirt, but left her panties. Spreading her legs, he went between them to kiss her lips, and then enjoy a few more sucks of her nipples. 

Urgency dictated that he mouth her pussy through her underwear. Even with the thin material between her crotch and his tongue, it felt spectacular. He continued to tease her in this manner for seemingly long seconds, finally pulling a leg hole aside. The touch of his tongue against her bare pussy was electric. As she had previously realized during sessions with Wendy, there was a difference in the way men and women ate pussy. It now occurred to her that whomever was doing it at the moment was best. Still, there was something to be said about his unique forcefulness. 

Finally, he pulled her panties off. It had the effect of freeing her, emboldening her to rise up to stand on her knees and playfully push him down onto his back. Samantha attacked Tim's belt and zipper, eagerly pulling his pants down, but only far enough to free his sizeable erection. She had not seen one of these in quite some time, and like an addict relapsing, she had to have it, as though it was her last supper. 

Samantha licked from his scrotum up to the mushroom tip of his cock before taking the head into her mouth and swirling her tongue around the rim. She went up and down his shaft covering it with a thick coating of saliva, loving the firm feel against her tongue. When she stopped to catch her breath, she also hurriedly pulled off her shirt and bra in one motion before shoving it back in her mouth. She separated his pee hole with the tip of her tongue, then did what she could to it. When she felt him shiver because of it, she smirked to herself, pleased with her skill. She then went down again as deep as his circumcision scar and ran her tongue forcefully along that soft skin on the underside below the corona. 

Now, Tim moaned. "Oh, yeah!" 

Samantha had no idea where her sudden expertise was coming from because she hadn't done this in so long. She seemed to recall that her ex-husband claimed she really wasn't that good at it. It occurred to her that maybe she just hadn't had enough interest in doing it very well for him. His cock sure as hell wasn't as nice as Tim's. 

"Oh, fuck," he groaned. 

"Don't worry," Samantha quipped, "I'm sure we'll get to that." For some reason, she had never really enjoyed oral sex, but right here, right now, she really was. A penis you could put in your mouth, a pussy you couldn't. 

Sitting up on her legs to once again catch her breath, Samantha tugged on Tim's pants and underwear. He assisted by kicking them off the rest of the way. Now, both were completely nude, and they took a moment to silently appreciate each other's body. 

Feeling aggressive, Samantha pushed Tim back down on his back and straddled him just below his cock. She bent her upper body to kiss him again and he held her face gently in his masculine hands. She could feel his hard dick pulsing and bouncing against her abdomen. It made her sit up, reach down, grab that mad monster and guide it into her desperate pussy. They both let out longing sighs when she sank down on it. She just sat on it for a moment and felt it breathing inside of her. She couldn't believe how much she had been missing this. 

Samantha bent forward, rocking her pelvis, sliding his delicious cock in and out. Tim was pumping his hips to meet her thrusts. She kept her pace slow, wanting to feel him touch every part inside her, and she couldn't help allowing little cries to escape her lips with each movement. 

This was even better than the missionary position as far as Samantha was concerned. She'd rarely had the opportunity to be on top with her ex—he didn't like it. But now, she felt like a jockey atop a fiery steed. She could control pace and angle—and she did. She could even stop and let him do all the work. Fortunately, Tim seemed content to go along. 

But after a few minutes, Samantha wanted to try something else she'd rarely done: 69. With a giggle, she stopped and turned her body around, sitting on his face and rotating her hips to rub her pussy all over his face. He chuckled good-naturedly, but didn't hesitate to let his tongue find her wet snatch. She grabbed his cock at the base, held it straight up, and engulfed it in her mouth. It was fun for a minute or two, but because of their height differences, they didn't quite match up evenly. 

Tim sensed the same inconvenience so he slid her down his trunk and then rolled her onto her side facing away from him and entered her somewhat from behind. 

"You fuck good!" she heard herself say. 

"Right back to you." 

For the moment, Samantha was content to just lay there and let Tim plow away. She cupped her own tits and pulled and tweaked her nipples. They were both lost in concentration over what they were doing. 

Not content to remain inactive for too long, Samantha rolled onto her back and let him take her missionary—she did like the position, but also liked variety. With his forearms, Tim drew her legs back against her chest and kissed her moaning lips. He then knelt up and fucked her harder. He held her lower legs up in the air as he pumped. 

Then she started to feel it; the tingling signaling her impending orgasm. She concentrated on the sensation of his cock sliding in and out. She reached down with her fingertip to supplement it by rubbing her clit. Most of all, she thought about the fact that she was going to come from a penis, and not just any penis, Tim Lawrence's penis. And that pretty much is what brought her over the edge to a blistering climax. Her entire body tensed in those seconds before, and then like magic, there was the release of . . . whatever was released to give her the most incredible pleasure she had ever known. 

Without even catching her breath, she huffed, "Come for me, babe. I want you to come for me, on me. I want to see you come." 

Tim thrust faster. "You want me to come on you?" 

"Yes! Now! Come on me!" 

He was grunting with gritted teeth, pumping at a frantic pace. And then he suddenly stopped, pulled out, and with his eyes closed in intense concentration, he pumped his beautiful cock with his hand. Samantha was all grins as she felt the thick, warm liquid land on her chest and abdomen. It was divine! Couldn't get that from a woman! By the time his last drop dribbled out, she was laughing with joy. 

Tim opened his eyes and joined in, also thrilled by their coupling. He rolled onto his back beside her. "Where have you been all my life?" 

"Where indeed," Samantha said, as thoughts of Wendy danced in her head. 

* * * 

The phone rang several times before it penetrated her deep sleep. Samantha finally scooped it up without checking the caller ID. 

"Must have been one hell of a wedding," the caller commented. "I thought I would have heard from you by now." 

Samantha was barely listening, having not yet ascended from that groggy state that lingered from being awakened abruptly. But the sound of Wendy's voice shocked her into a more alert state. She held the cell phone away from her face to quickly check the time. With the light streaming in from the windows, she assumed the one o'clock was afternoon. Realizing she had slept so late was stunning in itself. "Uh, yes it was," Samantha finally said, in a dry, hoarse, stuporous voice." 

"And it sounds like you might have really enjoyed it." 

Gradually coming out of it, Samantha said, "Yes, I did." It was then that her nakedness caused her to think about what she had done before drifting off to sleep, whenever that was, and she instantly glanced at the empty space beside her in bed. She wondered where Tim was. She started to smile at the thought of him and what they had done, but Wendy spoke again, erasing the images in her mind. 

"Did I wake you?" 

"Yes." 

"I'm sorry. Want me to call back later?" 

"No, no. I didn't plan to sleep this late." 

"Did you get to bed late?" 

That depends on what part of getting to bed you meant, Samantha humorously thought. Certain Wendy meant the sleeping part, Samantha responded, "Yes." And then added honestly, "But I don't remember what time that was." 

"Are you hung over?" 

"No. I paced myself. We just partied after the reception. People I hadn't seen in years." 

"That's nice. I was calling to see if you wanted to come over." 

Samantha thought about that, and though she really had nothing much to do the rest of the day, after last night, she wasn't ready for the transition. "If you don't mind, I'm going to stay home and recover. Plus, I've got to wash clothes, straighten up around here and attempt to go to the grocery. My cupboards and refrigerator are bare." 

"Okay." 

Samantha could hear the disappointment in her friend's voice and felt bad. 

"Well, if you change your mind," Wendy said, "call me." 

"Okay." When she turned to put her phone back down on the night table, she saw a piece of paper. Picking it up, she saw Tim's name. 

"So, glad we reconnected. Had a wonderful time. Hope we can get together again. Sunday is lunch with the folks, home to change first. Computer defrag done—should work better now. Tim." 

Samantha felt a warm, tingly feeling. He was so thoughtful to leave a note. She also was pleased by their sex last night. He was good in bed. It was wonderful to have a man again. But now, as she thought about Wendy, she still liked what the two of them had. Was it possible to have both? Would either tolerate her seeing the other also? She knew Wendy hated labels, but that aside, would this make her bisexual? 

Every time her life became simple, it seemed as though something came along to complicate it. 

Samantha stayed in bed for another fifteen or twenty minutes until she felt she was fully awake. She thought a shower would rejuvenate her. However, it only served to relax her more. She threw on a clean pajamas, and lazily performed the chores she told Wendy she had to. This took her to early evening, at which time she realized she was famished. She hadn't eaten since the wedding, and she and Tim had never made it to Russo's. 

Samantha had not been lying to Wendy. She was dangerously low on groceries, but she was too tired to dress and go to the grocery, so she scoured her pantry and refrigerator for anything to eat. There was a can of soup in the former and a frozen meatball and spaghetti dinner in the latter. The Italian meal made her again think of Russo's. 

The restaurant brought a smile to her face, and she thought she could really enjoy a meal from there right now, but she had no energy to go there, nor would she really go alone. The problem was, she didn't even know who she would most like to go there with: Wendy or Tim. 

These musings made her decision of a meal an easy one as she reached for the frozen dinner. But before she could even rip open the box, there was a knock at the door. Frowning in wonder about whom it might be, Samantha headed toward the front entrance. 

She wasn't really surprised that the peephole revealed her visitor to be Wendy, but a small part of her was disappointed that it wasn't Tim; although she doubted he would come without calling first. Acting surprised, Samantha opened the door. "Well, hey," she greeted with a big smile. "This is a nice surprise." 

Returning the smile, Wendy held out a bag. "I brought you dinner. Somehow you didn't sound like you were going to make it to the grocery." She held the bag out for Samantha to take. 

"Aren't you going to come in?" 

"You also sounded like you wanted to be alone." 

Samantha reached out, grabbed Wendy's arm and pulled her in. "Don't be silly. Come in. You're right. I didn't make it to the store. I was just about to heat my last frozen dinner." 

"What kind?" 

"Meatballs and spaghetti." 

"You're not going to believe this, but that's exactly what I brought . . . from Russo's." 

With a giggle, Samantha said, "You're not going to believe this. I was thinking that I could really enjoy something from Russo's, so that's why I selected frozen meatballs and spaghetti instead of my only other choice: a can of soup." 

Now, it was Wendy's turn to laugh, and the two came together and hugged, and suddenly, Samantha was glad her friend had come, and not just because she'd brought food. 

While they ate—Wendy had also had the good sense to bring a bottle of red wine— Samantha told Wendy about the wedding, reiterating that she had connected with friends from school whom she hadn't seen since then. But she did not specifically mention Tim. However, it was hard not to think about him while talking about the wedding. 
