 It was a dark, cold and wet night when I saw Elaine for the first time in twenty years. I had been trying to find my way back to my hotel. I knew my way from the industrial estate where the company I had been visiting was based. The problem was that we had gone on site visits from there and it had taken me over two hours to find my way back to the industrial estate.

Most of the units were closed for the night. I pulled in beneath a street lamp to get my bearings, anxious to reach the warmth of my hotel room where a hot shower and room service awaited me. 

As I studied my street map trying to gauge the optimum route I became aware of a figure approaching my drivers window. 

I glanced up and recognised her at once even after twenty years. 

The Ice Queen we had called her. Although she was easily the prettiest girl in the 6th Form College we had both attended she was never known to have gone on a date despite having numerous invitations. At discos she would dance to the liveliest of songs but when the slow smoochy songs began none of the twenty plus guys pursuing her could find her. If at Christmas you did manage to claim a kiss it was always the chastest type imaginable. 

I, for one, had chased her relentlessly, becoming her friend, her confidante always in the hope that one day she would see sense and melt into my arms. 

When the final exams were over I never set eyes on her again. Until now. 

I lowered my window, my lips forming her name "Elaine". 

She beat me to it "Forty pounds in the car or one hundred overnight". 

I stared astonished, it was only then that I noticed how she was dressed; her scanty top revealed a cleavage I could only imagine all those years ago and her skirt was as small as the belts she had worn back then. 

I finally found my voice "Elaine?" I murmured barely audibly. 

She flinched and frowned "I'm Cheryl, hurry up and decide, the law could be here any minute now."

"Climb in" I said releasing the passenger lock. She settled into the seat tugging her skirt over her thighs. 

"That's better, drive while you decide what you want." 

I drove, stealing glances as I did, there was no doubt, this prostitute was definitely Elaine, the source of many teenage fantasies. 

"Well?" She demanded "What's it to be?" 

I had no idea what had brought her down to selling her body but I felt that I owed it to our old friendship to get her away from these streets if only for tonight. 

Despite my youthful lust for her I had no interest in buying what she was selling but I did want to help her if it was at all possible. "My hotel" I said finally. 

"Cash up front" she cautioned me. 

By now we were in a shopping area. I pulled in beside a bank and withdrew £250 from a cash point. 

Climbing back in I thrust £100 into her hands; the notes disappeared into her handbag. I reached for my mobile phone and called the hotel. 

Quickly I gave my name and explained that my wife had joined me unexpectedly, I tried to upgrade my single room to a twin but only an executive suite was available. Realising that this would include a large settee, which I could use as a bed, I accepted it. 

"Which hotel are you staying at?" 

I told her; her eyes widened "They won't let me in dressed like this." 

I looked across, she had a point, her top was in fact no more than a white silk scarf through which her nipples were clearly visible. Seated her thong was clearly visible beneath the hem of her skirt. 

I recalled that at the weekend my wife and I had gone out for the day.Anticipating bad weather she had put her long coat into the boot of the car and it was still there. Once again I climbed out of the car, retrieved it and handed it to Elaine. "Put this on, no-one will notice." 

She smiled gratefully and I drove away. "So how long have you been doing this" I asked bluntly. 

Her eyes went down "Long enough" she replied. 

This was clearly not a conversation, which she wished to pursue. I flicked the radio on and drove the last couple of miles to the hotel. I booked in while she stood back, pretending to read one of the tourist leaflets. 

In the lift and during the short walk along the corridor the tense silence continued. 

The room was larger than I had expected having a living room, bedroom and bathroom. I dumped my case and picked up the room service menu and handed it to her "You look hungry, what would you like?" 

She handed it back "A sandwich will do." 

"I'm having a meal and I don't like eating alone, what would you like?" I insisted. 

She walked around the room as I phoned the order to Room Service. I glanced across, holding the receiver "What will you have to drink Elaine?" I asked. 

"A vodka and coke" she replied, then realising that she had answered to her real name she collapsed into an armchair, her eyes staring at me. 

As I put the phone down she whispered "Who are you?" 

I handed her a business card, as she stared at it I could see the years rolling past in her mind. "Dave? My God, I thought I was safe 200 miles from Newcastle." 

"Well don't worry I'm not going to sell the story to the newspapers. I won't even tell your parents or sister that I've seen you. Now relax and tell me what has happened to you." 

She grinned sheepishly "To the Ice Queen you mean?" It was my turn to look surprised. "Oh I know what you all called me. It didn't worry me, I had every intention of being a pure virgin bride in those days". She laughed "Look at me now." 

"So what went wrong?" 

She looked carefully at me "You really care enough to want to know don't you?" I nodded. "You always were different, you used to look at my face more than peeking at my bust. I always wondered whether one day you might be The One, but then I came here to university and you were just a fond memory." 

"So tell me what happened." 

She looked steadily at me "I might over dinner but first do you think that I will have time for a shower?" 

I nodded "Help yourself." 

"Do you want to join me?" 

I shook my head "That isn't why I invited you here."

"I think that I believe you." She stood and slipped the coat off her shoulders and walked towards the bathroom. 

She didn't close the door but I resisted the almost overwhelming urge to watch as she stripped naked before soaping herself beneath the cascade of hot water. My mind though was full of the images that I was missing as I unpacked my luggage. 

The shower stopped, I made sure that I was well away from the bathroom as she stepped back into the room. 

She was wrapped in a large white towel; one corner tucked in over her breasts. 

"Your turn" she said breezily. I glanced at my watch, the meal would probably not arrive for another ten minutes and I did need a shower. 

"OK" I said, "I won't be long." 

I stripped quickly, trying to ignore the stiffness at the top of my thighs. To think like that about her at this particular time seemed wrong somehow. I stepped into the shower and let the hot needles invigorate my weary body. 

"Would you like any help?" her voice came from behind the curtain. 

I peeked my face through the curtain as her towel hit the floor, there just two feet away stood the body I had dreamt off two decades earlier, her breasts were firm with clear pink nipples, her pubes neatly trimmed into a narrow rectangle. At that precise instant came the knock at the door. I smiled. "Perhaps not, would you get that while I get rinsed and dried?" 

When I emerged she had wheeled the room service trolley to near the settee, the lights were dimmed and soft music came from the sound system. 

She had replaced her towel, my own was wrapped around my waist. Having finally seen her naked and the fact that our joint nudity only had two pieces of material concealing it had a strangely erotic feel to it, but that was still submerged by my concern as to what had driven her to the dangerous trade of selling her body. 

We sat side by side on the settee and began eating, as we did I urged her to tell me about her life since school. 

"Well as you know I came here to university to study English" I hadn't known but nodded anyway "life was very different, it was a whole new culture, to make friends I had to start socialising with them." 

"An expensive lifestyle for a student?" 

"It was OK for some, Mummy and Daddy were loaded, but, well you know my family and where we lived. I soon ran out of cash." 

"Is that how you began?" I paused "Doing what you're doing now?" 

"Ice Queen to whore in one move?" She laughed "I don't think so, no I took a job in a bar, three nights a week at first, £3 per hour. I got the princely sum of £36 per week, before deductions." 

"It was while I was working in the bar that I had my bright idea. One night there was a kissogram, a typical thing, a girl gives the come on to a guy in front of his friends, he responds but doesn't bargain on her stripping to her underwear right there and then, it was funny watching the guys reaction." 

"After it was over the kissogram came over for a drink and we got chatting. It turned out that she was paid £50 per job! £50 for a ten or fifteen minute laugh and I was getting £36 for 12 hours hard labour! Apparently she sometimes did two or three a night." 

"As you can imagine I phoned the agency the next day, I figured that I could fill bra and knickers as well as her. Within 24 hours I was doing my first job. It was all very innocent, no touching, chaste lipstick kisses all over his face and £50 in my hand." 

"I had money, time to socialise and to study, life was great. Then the summer vacation drew close. A lot of my friends were going to France for a few weeks. I wanted to go but £50 two or three times a week wasn't going to pay for it. I spoke to the guy who ran the agency to see if I could do more jobs." 

"He said that I couldn't but asked how I would feel about doing topless shows at £75 per time. Well by now plenty of guys had seen me in my underwear and I planned to sunbathe topless in France anyway so I agreed." 

"I can still remember the very first time that I unhooked my bra in a crowded pub. For the first time ever, and I do mean the very first time I was going to show my breasts to another person, only it was about 60 other people. I was absolutely terrified that my Dad was about to walk in, I know it's crazy, he was over 200 miles away but I was still sure that he or one of his friends would be there. I could imagine the conversation a few days later if one of his friends was there "Hey your Elaine's tits are a bit of alright!"." She laughed nervously. 

"It was odd though, once I had actually taken my bra off and exposed my nipples to all of the watching guys I felt sort of liberated. I felt like a real woman holding all of their attention. It was exciting and when it was over I ached to do it all again." 

"I immediately told the guy who ran the agency that I would do as many topless jobs as he could find. I used the money to buy lots of sexy lingerie and practised taking the bra off as sexily as possible." 

"I became braver in the shows which I did. I began spraying cream onto my breasts and letting guys lick it off or shaving foam and rub their faces on it, and me. Having a guy in contact with my breasts was even more exciting than just exposing them. Remember that I was still a virgin, I had never petted or even kissed anyone properly." 

"Anyway I made plenty of money for my holiday and came back with an allover tan. Yes I stripped totally on the beaches. No guys had ever seen me naked close up though, only from a distance and I was just one of scores of naked girls." 

"You have probably already guessed though that I wouldn't take a lot of persuading to do a full strip and sure enough as soon as the agent hinted that I could do a full nude show I jumped at the chance." 

"I needed a few stiff drinks first though."

She finished her glass as she said this. I took the hint and phoned room service requesting a bottle of vodka and a bottle of coke. 

As it arrived we finished our meal so the trolley was removed and we settled back on the settee with our drinks. I noticed that while she had been talking her towel had slipped slightly. 

Nothing was actually showing but it was slipping slowly over the tops of her breasts. I really didn't want to warn her though. 

"Where was I?" she asked. 

"About to go naked."

She smiled "Was that a prompt or a request?" I laughed as the towel revealed a little more cleavage. 

"Well as I said I enjoyed being topless in public so I reasoned that being totally nude must be even more exciting." 

"Were you getting bored with being topless?" 

"I suppose that I was a little bit. Sometimes I was bored being nude.But earlier when you were in the shower I found that exciting, letting you see me naked. It was probably because I knew you all those years ago, you are the only guy from my past who has ever seen me like that, so yes, that was very exciting. Just as now I'm excited because I know and you know that this towel is slipping and any minute now your eyes are going to see my breasts again, but this time without a load of steam in the way."

I blushed, yes I had known but I hadn't realised that she also knew or, more importantly that she knew that I knew.

She looked at me "Don't be embarrassed, you have paid for me for the night."

I corrected her "I paid to keep you safe, anything could have happened to you."

"Maybe that was your original intention but your own towel is telling a different story now."

I blushed again, for ten minutes I had been fighting a losing battle of lust against courtesy and was only too well aware of the tent at my lap. 

She carried on with her story "As I said I had loads of drinks that first time, I was really nervous and I made a total mess of taking off my knickers, lifting one leg and then the other. I got that right eventually. I began turning my back to the audience legs together and touch my toes. Then I pulled them down in one smooth movement. For a split second they could see everything but then my hand covered me till the finale." 

Her voice changed pitch at the last few words. Her towel was now perched on her stiff nipples, the tops of her aureoles were visible. "Please keep watching, any second now" Her hand reached for mine and clenched it tightly. 

I watched as her breathing lifted and lowered the towel, Suddenly her breasts were there in all their glory, springing up as though to welcome my attention. The puckered nipples were rigid perched on her taut breasts, a light flush covered her from neck to ribcage. 

Any attempt to fight my erection was now abandoned; my eyes were fixed on the gorgeous swollen nipples. 

"Touch them."

I hovered, I admit that I hovered but finally pulled my hand away. "I want to help you not be a punter."

She laughed "OK then, just as long as you know that you can at any time that you like. I'm a long way from Elaine the Ice Queen now aren't I?" The towel now lay loosely across her stomach. I wondered whether it would slip away totally some time soon. 

She continued with her story "Going naked was like going topless, but much more exciting. I began to regret my prudish past. I understand now why my friends were so willing to let their boyfriends do all sorts of things to them and I was still a virgin." 

"So you kept on stripping?" 

"More so, do you mind if I get rid of this towel altogether. I really would like you to see me naked."

"If it will make you happy." I was trying to deflect responsibility back onto her. 

She stood holding the towel in place and with her back to me let it drop to the floor. 

Bending at the waist she allowed me the view she had described a few minutes earlier. Between her clenched thighs a beautiful pink peach fought it's way to visibility. 

Slowly she stood and turned to face me, her face not betraying any hint of embarrassment. 

I was still valiantly fighting the urge to seize her and take her there and then and the fight was becoming increasingly difficult. 

"Look you have invited me to stay for the night, why don't I tell you the rest in bed?" 

I had really planned to sleep on the settee but allowed her to take my hand and let her guide me to the bedroom. 

It was a King size bed and I began climbing in still wearing my towel. 

"Not fair " she said "I'm naked, it's time that you were too."

I loosened the towel and, fully naked climbed in watching her join me. "I don't know why you were embarrassed, it's a nice looking cock and it certainly seems pleased to see me."

Pulling my right arm she nestled onto my shoulder. She took my left arm and placed it on her hip before putting her own left hand on my thigh. 

"Do you still want the story or is there anything you would rather do?" 

"Stop tempting me."

"Well I don't want you feeling as if I have robbed you."

"If you had any idea how many nights I fantasised about far less than has already happened."

She giggled "Sorry that I was such a prude in those days, and believe me I really am sorry."

"The story" I prompted her. 

"Spoilsport " she pouted. "OK stripping, well I moved from strippogram to lap dancing, it was better paid, safer and much more intimate. I could get really close to a guy naked and the rules stopped him touching me, plenty tried but the bouncers were always nearby." 

"We weren't supposed to date the customers but lots of girls did. I always said no till one guy. He was really cute. He used to chat to me before I danced for him. I began wondering what it would be like to finally lose my virginity to him, so when he did eventually ask me out after about four or five visits to the club I accepted like a shot." 

"He took me for a meal; I had dressed in a silver blouse and black skirt with black stockings and high heels. I wanted to look sophisticated but beneath I wore really sexy lingerie and had every intention of ensuring that he discovered it. I had decided that I was going to lose my virginity that evening. I was 21 by then so it was long overdue." 

"Like every first time I was both excited and terrified. I was worried too because was so inexperienced. I had heard that guys love oral sex before the real thing so I had asked one of the other dancers for tips. I practised on a banana to take it deep in my mouth as she said that was the hardest thing to get used to." 

"The meal was beautiful, then he took me to a night-club and we danced,drank and laughed." 

"Towards the end of the evening he took me in his arms and kissed me. This was the first real kiss that I had ever had. His fingers gently stroked my breast through my blouse." 

As she spoke she lifted my hand from her hip and placed it at the undercurve of her breast. I didn't object but neither did I race to her nipple despite my need to do so. 

"For the first time in my life I didn't object, in fact I kissed him all the more passionately. I wanted so much for him to come to my flat where I planned to perform an uncensored lap dance for him." 

"Finally we were in his car going home, it was only about ten minutes but it seemed an eternity." 

Her hand was now stroking my thigh, my hand had edged upwards and I was cupping her firm breast feeling the rigid nipple beneath the palm of my hand. 

"My lap dance never happened. We just went straight to the bedroom, in seconds we were both naked and I was seeing my first naked man. We lay on the bed kissing." She placed her hand on my cock "His cock was as hard as yours is now and nearly as big. I wanted to practice what my banana had taught me."

Suddenly her body twisted and before I could whisper any kind of objection her warm breath signalled the lowering of her mouth over my aching shaft. 

I have been sucked many times and it is always a wonderful experience but this was really something new. Never before has a girl been able to literally wrap her tongue around my cock and gently slide it up and down so that her tongue, rather than her lips is, actually masturbating me, while her mouth steadily sucked me. The most determined guy could not last beyond two minutes. I think I lasted eighty seconds before erupting into her throat. 
