 You curled up at my feet. Your naked body was aching from pleasure. Your womanhood was drenched and soaking the carpet. I bent down to comb my fingers through your hair and touch your lips one last time, but you twitched from ecstasy and motioned for me to leave you. So I did.

I had come home from a long day of work and you were cooking dinner as usual. It was spaghetti night, and you decided to try something new: Angel Hair Surprise. You must have found it off of one of those sites you always frequent for the next big recipe to try out. But I was always game for you testing your cooking, so dinner was always up to what you were wanting to cook..

"What's the surprise, exactly?", I asked as I pressed my hand against you.

You leaned back and whispered in my ear, "You'll have to guess. But you'll know the taste."

I licked my lips and scanned what you were wearing. You were in your black lace lingerie, and I was surprised I hadn't noticed it before the smell of your cooking. It was always pleasing to see your curves, and to almost feel you by the way the silky lace graced your skin. Thoughts poured into my head of the things I wanted to do to your beautiful body, but I tried to refrain from becoming too aroused before dinner, so I placed them away for a later time.

But I was in wonderment about what the surprise could be, so I went for a taste. You almost slapped my hand when I dipped my finger into the sauce, but you refrained, hoping to get out of me what you were wanting.

"Mmm. That is good. Really good. What is the surprise again?"

"Oh, baby, I'm sure you can guess. Can't you?" you asked as your puppy dog eyes looked at my anxiously.

My finger dipped again and I got another taste. My mouth was flooded with flavor, and I thought of a few things I could narrow it down to. With one more dip, I found the secret.

"Oh, my. You have been naughty..."

I pressed myself up against you, wrapping an arm around you, and pulling you into me. My fingers glided down your side and slid up your thigh, pushed past the small lace covering before your lips, and gently went inside you just enough to feel that you had formed a small stream inside of yourself. My eyes glew with excitement. You acknowledged my increasing arousal with a kiss, and then took off running.

"If you want to fuck me, you'll have to catch me.", you teased.

But it didn't take long for me to get to you. It probably wasn't the best idea to tempt me with your juices, especially considering what kind of state they put me in. You went around the couch and I had jumped over it. I caught you midair as we flew towards the wall. My hands extended and caught ourselves motionless as we embraced inches from your favorite picture. You kissed me on the lips and asked me to go gentle. But I knew that wasn't what you wanted.

Your lingerie almost ripped as I lifted it above your waist and tore the connected panties off of you. You began to remove my pants, but I quickly twirled you around and pushed you against the wall. "I can do that!", I proclaimed as I kicked my pants off and rubbed my growing cock against your ass. My hands grasped your breasts and my tongue found it's way to your lower ear lobe.

"Sorry, but we can do foreplay and take it slow in a minute, but right now I just need a good, primal fuck!" I breathed heavily into your ear as you moaned with increasing pleasure.

I could feel your body shiver. I could feel your vagina pulse as I hovered my hardness below her. I could feel your nipples erect under the swirling of my finger tips.

Your breathing became heavier. "Please, just..fuck me!" you whined, completely under the control of your urges.

At first, I teased you by barely even breaking your lips. Swirling my head around your outside was common, and I knew you enjoyed it as much as I did. But you still moaned for more. I eventually gave in and put half of myself inside of you. One of my hands found it's way down your body and began rubbing your clit as your lower body began to shake. And with each whimper of lust for more, I wrapped a hand around your neck and squeezed a little tighter.

When we finally embraced in our fuck, your wetness guided me deep inside you with each thrust. Our bodies became one with each stroke, and our moans became louder and louder. The pulsing of your vagina walls and the throbbing of my cock excited us both as the pleasure escalated. Each thrust was accompanied by a finger swiveling around the surface of your clit. 

"God, just...fuck...I..you..mm.." 

You couldn't even form complete sentences anymore, and that was just the way I liked it. I continued to pound you from behind, with you sandwiched between myself and the wall. Each thrust lifted you higher until your feet were hardly even on the ground anymore. Your screams grew louder as I panted in your ear. My mouth found it's way to the side of your neck and my teeth dug in just a little. Your scream sent shivers down my spine.

After a few more minutes your voice was no longer audible. I had felt you cum on my cock over and over as I slammed inside of you. My pleasure had reached it's maximum and my thrusts became more forceful.

"Baby, I'm going to..." I started to say, but trailed off into orgasmic pleasure. I filled you with every ounce of semen I had inside me.

I wrapped both arms around your midsection as I finished draining myself inside of you. I licked my lips and kissed your left shoulder.

You curled up at my feet. Your naked body was aching from pleasure. Your womanhood was drenched and soaking the carpet. I bent down to comb my fingers through your hair and touch your lips one last time, but you twitched from ecstasy and motioned for me to leave you. So I did.

"Meet me in the bedroom when you can walk." I told you.