 Everything has been setup for weeks, but she had no idea. He had picked a time when all the neighbors would be away on vacation and she could drop by unobserved. Still, she had parked her car a few blocks away and walked to his house.

She came to the house looking as beautiful as you always did. She smiled as he opened the door, and she came in and closed the door behind her. He pulled her close and kissed her passionately on the lips. After at least 30 seconds of kissing, he pulled back, held her face in his hands, looked in her beautiful eyes and said "hi" and smiled.

She answered back and smiled.

She was clearly very nervous, but he started kissing her again, and slowly but surely as he slipped his tongue into her mouth, kissed her all over her face, nibbled on her ears and kissed and licked all over her neck, she felt herself giving in to the feeling.

She pulled him close and could feel his hard cock pressing into her stomach and she let out a soft moan. Her nipples had started to respond, but they got even harder. She wanted him to undress her right there.

Still, her mind tried to take over, and she told him to stop, that this couldn't happen. He looked at her, kissed he again and said, "You have no idea what is going to happen today. Today you are mine. Today I am going to do whatever I want to you. You are going to love today, if you let yourself. You will be fucked today like you've never been fucked before, and you will cum like never before. If you are going to let yourself, prove it to me, right now. If not, then I will try again another time." Then he stepped back, sat in a chair and waited for her answer.

She looked down and thought. She wanted this, and she knew he did too. She wanted to cum and she wanted to make him cum. It felt like she made herself cum every day, it seemed, and she was good at it, but she wanted a real cock inside her. Still..."

She looked up at him. He looked at her and said, "So, do I get to have you? Do I get to pleasure you the way I want to, in the way you deserve? Do I get to undress you, to rub you all over, to lick and kiss and tease you? To slip my tongue and fingers and cock inside you? To taste you? To play with those perfect tits, those hard little nipples, those smooth legs and sexy pussy lips? Do I get to fuck you until you can't stand up?" 

As he spoke, she felt her body respond. She felt her nipples grow and her pussy start getting wet. 

"Yes", she said. 

"Yes what?" 

"Yes, I want you to fuck me like you said you would. I want to do it all. Just promise me that you'll do everything you said."

He stood up and said, "This is going to be a day you won't forget. Now, I said prove it, not talk about it." Without a moment's hesitation, she walked to him and got down on her knees. "I want your cock in my mouth. I want to taste you. Just promise me that when we're done, you cum in my mouth. I want to feel your cock cumming in my mouth."

He opened his pants as she pulled down his zipper. Soon his pants were down. She took his cock in her hands and kissed the tip. She looked it all over, moved it around, and looked at it from all angles. Then, licking her lips, she slid her mouth down the whole length. It was her first blowjob in longer than she cared to remember, but within moments she found a rhythm, and that was helped by the fact that she wanted to do this. She wanted to please him like he would please her.

She kept sucking his cock, sliding it into and out of her mouth, licking the tip, tasting the pre-cum. She loved hearing his moans of pleasure, and feeling his cock twitch in her mouth. She was getting hornier by the minute and needed something else.

She pulled away for a minute and stood up. Quickly she kicked off her shoes and ripped her pants down. Sucking him had made her so wet she could see a wet spot on her jeans. The scent of her dripping pussy filled the room and she heard him breathe it in deeply. As she removed her underwear she looked up and saw him looking at her, watching her. With a look of lust she pulled her panties down and dropped then on the floor.

She sat on the coffee table, spread her legs and smiled at him. Her smooth, milky white thighs were wet with her juices. He kneeled in front of her and ran his tongue along both thighs, licking everything bit of her wetness he could find. He nuzzled her pussy with his nose, and inhaled deeply. He tickled her landing strip with his tongue, and lightly tugged on her hairs with his teeth. Then he moved closer and slid his tongue deep into her pussy and moved it up and down. Then he slid it up her slit to her clit. Flicking it, she felt a jolt run through her body. Then, a minute or so later, he sucked her whole clit into his warm wet mouth, and started pumping it tightly into and out of his mouth. Sucking it in. Holding it tight with his lips. Flicking her clit hard with his tongue. The feeling was intense because sucking her clit into his mouth exposed it, and the tip of his tongue was right on her clit. 

While he was sucking on her clit he slid a finger inside her pussy, deep inside, as far as he could go. He turned it over, and curled the tip of his finger up and ran it along inside her. Then, another finger. Then he ran the two fingers inside her, pushing up. It felt like he was lifting her with his fingers, and she's never felt this before. It almost seemed like he's found a spot she's never found. Was it possible?

She stopped thinking and let herself just feel. In and out. Up and down. Flicking. Sucking. She was pulling on her nipples, and she didn't even remember taking her shirt and bra off. Sliding a finger under her beautiful round ass, she slipped a finger inside her pussy, momentarily joining him, fucking her together. She got it good and wet and pulled out, and put it into her mouth, tasting herself. She loved the way she tasted.

She went back in for more, and rubbed her juices on her nipples. When they were good and wet, she leaned down and sucked her nipples into her mouth, biting down on them, hurting herself just enough. Sucking her juices off of her rock hard nipples.

She felt his hand moving under her knee, lifting it up. She left go of her firm round tits and pulled her knees as close to her chest as she could. Anyone passing his house would see her naked legs in the air.

She heard a noise that she couldn't identify, but she didn't let it stop her feeling, and he didn't stop eating her pussy, so she didn't care. 

He kept at it, sucking her in, and pumping in and out. Pulling her knees back had tightened her whole lower half up, so everything felt more intense. She felt an orgasm building, deep inside her. She just let it come, running down her body from her head to her feet. It started building more and more, and soon, like a wave breaking, it rolled over her whole body, more intense than anything she had felt before. It just kept coming and coming, and he kept licking and fingering.

Slowly, the waves subsided, and he slowed down what he was doing, and he gently took the fingers out of her pussy. As he kissed her lips, he ran a hand up her body, tracing along it with his nails. Relaxing her.

Soon, she felt something sliding into pussy. The noise she'd heard was a drawer opening, and he's taken out a vibrator, and was sliding it inside her while he licked her. She loved coming with something inside her, but she's never felt this before, and she smiled to herself, realizing two was better than one when it came to her pussy. Sliding in and out, he worked the vibrator all along her pussy. He ran it around her clit, avoiding direct contact, giving her little aftershock orgasms. Then he slid it inside her again. 

He pulled it out, and moved it back. He started to tease her asshole with it, gently but firmly. Slowly he worked it inside her, and when she'd relaxed enough to let it move in and out freely, he turned it on. The buzzing was intense, and made even more so by him putting his mouth back on her pussy. His tongue moved inside her hole, and he could feel the vibrations from inside her ass. Pulling her lips up and tight, he started working her clit with his tongue while sliding two fingers inside her pussy. In and out, first matching the rhythm with the toy in her ass, then alternating it. It felt so right to have both holes filled at once, and she had an explosive orgasm.

As her orgasm subsided, he slowly removed the vibrator from her ass, and began gently kissing her pussy, gently licking up the wetness that spread all over her legs and ass. Then he lowered her legs and started working his way up her body, kissing her belly, running her all over, stopping at her tits to nuzzle them, to lick them all over and to nibble firmly on her nipples. Slowly working his way up her neck, he ended up at her lips, where he slipped his tongue gently into her mouth, and they kissed, more gently than before. They both needed a little break.

He leaned her up, stood her up and held her, running his hands all over her back, through the crack of her ass and back up again, just making her feel good.

Looking down, she noticed that he was dressed, while she was naked. Something about her standing with him like this, flushed with hard nipples, sweating and with a very satisfied pussy really turned her on, and she lifted her leg up and ran her fingers down to her pussy, playing with it. He sat back down to watch her. As she rubbed herself, and as she felt her pussy respond and her clit harden, she looked towards the window, and saw a handsome, well-dressed man watching her. Watching him, instead of being embarrassed, she was even hornier, and she slid her right hand behind her and slipped two fingers deep inside her pussy. With her left hand she lifted up her right tit and sucked on her nipple. Sliding her hands back around to the front she started to work her clit, rubbing it hard, spreading her lips with her index and ring finger, and her clit with her middle finger. Two men. One watching her through the window and one watching her from a chair, both clearly turned on. She felt an orgasm build, and a she got closer, she looked down and saw him undressing in the chair. When he was naked he leaned forward, slid two fingers inside her pussy, and rubbed her wetness all over his rock hard cock, rubbing it up and down. He started dripping pre cum, and he rubbed some on his fingers, and slipped the fingers in her mouth. The taste of them together, his cock, her voyeur and her exposure pushed her over the edge and she exploded.

While her body was still shaking, he quickly moved behind her, and all of a sudden she felt something go over her eyes. Everything went black. He took her by the hand, and walked her a few steps. Stopping, he took her hand, out it on his cock and said, "Do you want this?"

"Yes. Give it to me."

"Where do you want it?"

"Everywhere. Fuck me everywhere. Put your cock in my pussy."

He leaned her forward, and put her hands on the wall. Stepping behind her, she felt the head of his cock at the entrance to her pussy. Slowly, he put the head in, and she moaned lightly. "Do you want it all?" "Yes", she whispered. He slid his cock all the way inside her. She could feel his body pushing against hers; feel his balls against her slit. He started fucking her. In and out. In and out. Then pause. Then again, building up speed, slowing down.

"Slide your hand down and open your lips. I want my balls to hit your clit." Somehow keeping her balance, she did, and immediately felt her clit being slapped by his balls. He started to go faster and faster, her clit getting more and more stimulated.

Then as he could sense her pussy clenching on him, he reached up, and ran his fingers through her hair to the base of her neck and pulled back. The combination pushed her further, and she started cumming again. 

As she was coming, he pulled off the blindfold, and she looked and saw the other man was still outside, watching her get fucked, and he smiled at her. She hasn't realized she was in front of the picture window. She smiled back.

Unfortunately, she was very quickly becoming aware of cramps in her legs, and she leaned back and told him she needed a break. He stopped fucking her, and slowly pulled out.

He turned her towards him and said, "Kneel down, on your knees."

She did, and she took him in her mouth. 

"Look at him outside while you suck me. Make eye contact with him. Smile at him." he teased her.

She turned her head slightly to the side so he could see her slide the cock into her warm wet mouth.

Still, this position was no better for her legs, and she told him so. 

He lifted her up, and then carried her in his arms. "Say goodbye to your new friend" he said. "Maybe you'll see him soon." and he carried her to his bed.

He laid her down on the bed, and rubbed her legs while she relaxed.

"Turn over" he said, and as she lady on her stomach, he took some oil and drizzled it on her back. He rubbed it all over her back, down her legs, relaxing and massaging her. Occasionally he brush his fingers across her pussy, just enough to keep her interested, and down her ass, through the crack, tickling her asshole.

Slowly but surely she was getting horny again, though she was loving the massage. He leaned in closer to her ear and nibbled on it as he rubbed her. "Are you ready for more?" he asked. "More?" she replied. "There's more? Yes, I want more." He opened a drawer, and took out a soft vibrator, thicker than the last one he'd used. It was one of several he put on the bed. He put some of the oil on it and eased it into her ass. As he got it all the way in, he turned it on, and the front attachment started tickling her pussy. "Fuck your beautiful ass for as long as you need. I want you ready. Any position you want," he said, and she took the vibrator and slid it all the way in.

She turned onto her back and slid her ass to the edge of the bed. He was convinced that looking at her like this, naked and wet, flushed and wanton was the single hottest thing he'd ever seen. She was just so hot and sexy and beautiful.

"Are you ready for me? Are you ready for me to take that beautiful ass?"

Smiling she pulled the vibrator out and set it aside. Pulling her knees back she said, "Does this answer your question?"

He placed himself in front of her, and started sliding the head of his cock into her ass. Slowly, then stopping. Soon he was all the way in, and fucked her slowly. Together they rubbed her pussy, teased her clit and played with her nipples. She loved anal sex. It gave her great access to her pussy. She gave herself bunches of little orgasms.

She wanted more, and reaching down she took a dildo, realistic but not overly large. She licked it and she slipped it into her pussy. She started keeping rhythm with him as he fucked her ass and she fucked her pussy. She loved how this felt. She'd done it before, but this was the first time with a real cock. She preferred it like this.

Soon, they decided to change positions, so he lay on the bed and she straddled him. She slid his cock inside her ass and rode him. As she rode, he played with her pussy and tits, leaning up and kissing and biting her nipples, kissing as much as they could, but there was no easy way to get the dildo inside. She wanted it, she liked the feeling of being DPed, so she turned around and laid back, just relaxed for a minute with his cock in her ass, her hair draping over them both, her back on his chest, their bodies together. She's teased her pussy and slid a finger inside, feeling his cock inside her. Eyes closed, just enjoying the feeling.

All of a sudden, she felt a hand on her pussy and smiled. The hand rubbed her clit while she fingered her hole. She let out a low "mmmmmmmm" and opened her eyes. What she saw almost made her jump, and she would have if he hasn't been holding on to her.

The hand belonged to the man from outside, who, while still handsome, was no longer well dressed. He was naked and had a raging hard on.

She heard a voice from under her saying "Remember how I told you that you'd be fucked today like never before? Well, say hello to my friend Richard. He so enjoyed what you showed him before that he's here for more."

She looked at Richard, and with no hesitation, leaned forward and put his cock in her mouth. It was so different. The feel, the size, the smell, the taste. 

He turned them to the side and kept sliding his cock into her ass she sucked what was for her, a stranger's cock. By the look on Richard's face, she was doing as well on him as she had earlier. 

Richard leaned forward and took the dildo she's been using and slid it inside her pussy. This was definitely a day of firsts for her. Laying on her side, knee up, one cock in her ass, a dildo in her pussy and a cock in her mouth. She loved this. 

The motions and feelings in her pussy and ass were distracting her, and she was losing focus on her blowjob. He realized it, and grabbed her waist and rolled her onto her back. Locking his legs under hers, he spread her legs wide, looked at Richard and said "Look at the pussy. Have you ever seen a more perfect one? One you'd want to fuck more?"

Richard didn't answer. He just climbed onto the bed, positioned himself between her legs and slipped his cock inside her, all the way. They both lay there for a minute, and then they both started fucking her. One would go in her pussy; the other would pull out of her ass. Then they would do it at the same time, and she could feel their cocks practically touching each other as they slid deep inside her.

They fucked her like this for several minutes, until Richard said, "I've had her mouth and her pussy, now I want her ass." He pulled out of her ass while Richard pulled out of her pussy. Her friend quickly ran into the bathroom and cleaned his cock off with anti bacterial wipes, and then rinsed himself off.

He lay on his back and she slid him inside her pussy. Richard took her from behind and they started fucking her again. He was able to kiss her lips and she was truly fucked like never before.

After a few more minutes, and a bunch of mini orgasms (how did she have any more left in her?) She seemed that both guys were ready. Richard pulled out of her ass, and he rolled her over. Taking a few more long strikes deep inside her, he too pulled out, stood next to the bed and said "You wanted me to cum in your mouth? Well, get ready." She moved closer to him and took his cock, rock hard and soaked with her pussy juice into her mouth. She inhaled him deeply. She could smell herself all over him.

She stroked him fast, while sucking on him. Seconds later, he rolled his head back and came in her mouth. Spurt after spurt, filling her mouth with his cum. She started swallowing, but couldn't keep up, so she pulled him out and aimed him at her tits. Seeing this, Richard picked the same spot, and he came all over her tits too. She was spent and covered in cum. She rubbed their cum, mixing it together, tasting it and rubbing it all over. 

He leaned down and kissed her, slowly and deeply. When they stopped, he whispered in her ear "Was I right? Did you get it like never before?" 

She said "Yes, and I want it again. Surprise me again."