 I was a little gun shy after my divorce, so I really didn't go out of my way to form long lasting relationships. Here I was 45, balding with a long ponytail left over from the 60's, and a lot more gray in my beard that I cared to look at. I've been told that I look a lot younger than I look, which has helped me in those short-term relationships.

Not withstanding, I perked up when a new employee joined our ranks late one fall. She was an "older" woman. A little bit shorter than I, with thick red hair showing some gray at the temples. We all wore shapeless uniforms, however, that didn't hide her luscious looking butt -- not large, but tight. She had a nice flat tummy and ample breasts that poked out the shirts we wore.

After a couple of weeks of small talk and quick cafeteria lunches together, where we filled in the gaps, she asked me one day if I wanted to come over for dinner to a nice "home cooked" meal. Of course I said yes, as I was tired of my own cooking. This would certainly give me the opportunity to see what she really looked like in normal clothes and who knows, maybe without.

Our work schedules were such that she got out of work a couple of hours earlier than I did, so she gave me directions to her townhouse, told me where to park and said ring the bell so she could buzz me in. After she left work, my mind played all sorts of tricks on me and most of them were highly erotic. Little did I know?

I left work and made my way to her place, not even bothering to change out of my work clothes. I guess I was hungry -- in more ways than one. I rang the bell and she let me in to the complex hallway. As I opened the door to the 2nd floor, my senses were overwhelmed with the smell of sandalwood incense wafting down the hall from an open door. I heard her voice say, "Down this end".

As I got to the door she greeted me with a full on the mouth kiss, her tongue teasing mine. I caught my breath and took her in. I was mildly shocked. She was wearing an outfit straight out of the Arabian Nights. She was wearing a typical Dance of the 7-veils costume, made out of a light blue silk -- see through. Her tummy was bare with her breasts held in place by a golden cord. I could see her breasts poking through the material and huge nipples just waiting for some attention. She even had a jewel in her navel! Her pantaloons were also most reveling and I could see what I thought was a small dark patch of hair around her pussy. She also had several toe rings on with tiny bells that sounded with every step.

I moved to take advantage of the situation, but she held me off. She turned to go to the kitchen and said, over her shoulder, 

"You just got out of work. Help yourself to the shower. There's a robe in there for you to wear. Come out when you're nice and clean. Dinner will be ready soon."

Believe me I needed no more encouragement.

I took a long hot shower, and true to her word, hanging on the back of the bathroom door was a dark green silk robe. Since I had no clean clothes with me, I decided to go without except for the robe.

I stepped into the living room and found that it had been transformed into a harem. The only lighting was from dozens of candles placed throughout the room. The floor was covered with pillows and a small round table was now the centerpiece. As my eyes adjusted to the low light of the candles, a voice from the kitchen said, 

"What do you think? I did it especially for you. I thought that you might be in the mood for something a little different".

Walking to the kitchen when I found my hostess bending over the open oven. To my great surprise, I discovered that the pantaloons she was wearing not only where see through, but also crotch less. Her ass was pointed up in the air and I could see her pussy poking out from behind. Never one not to take advantage, and the fact that my cock was bulging from beneath my robe, I reached down behind her and cupped her cunt. She was smoothly shaved, except for that little patch I had seen when I arrived.

She was dripping wet. A gasp and a stifled moan escaped he lips. She said,"Wait", then closed the oven door. Still bent over she grasped edge of the sink moving her ass up a bit. My fingers easily slipped into her. More moans, and a whimper came from deep down her throat.

As I finger fucked her from behind, opening her up with two fingers, sliding them in and out to her gasps and moans. I was now rock hard. I opened my robe and my cock knew right where to go. I removed my fingers and she said, "No... don't" But when I put the tip of my cock at the entrance of her now dripping pussy, she just moaned even louder. I thrust it and hit bottom right away. Oh, man was she tight. The fingering has loosed her up, but I could tell that it had been some time since she had a dick in her. As I pumped slowly in and out she kept throwing her head back and moaning, words like "Don't stop" and "That's it". Finally after a couple of minutes I picked up the pace and grabbed her ass for leverage. I could feel her getting close and I reached a round and found her clit and flicked it with my fingers. That's all that it took as she clamped her pussy around my cock and howled in orgasm. I followed almost immediately spurting 3 or 4 times deep in her pussy.

We caught our breaths. As I withdrew my now soft dick, she turned around and gave me a long kiss, her breasts on my bare chest, my arms holding her tightly. We stood holding each other for a few moments

"Whew... God that felt good. It's been at least six months since I had a good stiff cock in me. I'll try not to let that happen again. Let me clean up. Dinner will be ready soon. I hope it's as good as the appetizer."

As she left to go to the bathroom, she called over her shoulder, " Don't go anywhere. Wait till you see what I have for desert."

"I can hardly wait."

My head was still spinning a bit, so I made myself at home among the pillows. The candlelight, the smell of dinner cooking and all the incense must have gotten to me, because the next thing I remember was my lovely hostess caressing my shoulder and whispering in my ear. "Dinner is ready, come and get me."

As I opened my eyes, I could see that the pantaloons were long gone, replaced by silk shorts made of the same see through material, The were cut high to the waist and were tight around her crack, covering only the lips of her pussy. She must have taken a shower, because she smelled like lilacs. She was standing over me, and I reached up to feel her pussy through the shorts. Oh my, I thought. She shaved what little hair had been there. Now I'll never know if she's a real red head. 

But the way the evening was going, I figured that I'd have a long time to find out. As I ran my hand over her silky smooth pussy, she pulled away slowly, saying, "Keep that up, and we'll never get to desert". Off to the kitchen she went the bells on her toes ringing.

"I thought that was the idea."

From the kitchen, she replied, "You men are all the same. You gotta have it all now, and can't wait for the good stuff. I guess I'm going to have to train you to be patient."

"I can't wait to be trained."

"I'll remember that."

She returned from the kitchen with a huge platter of steaming rice covered with pieces of stewed meat. It was all mixed up Middle Eastern style with peas and some dates. There was a side dish of fresh cut fruit and melon. A pitcher of fresh ice tea with sprigs of mint poking out the top rounded the meal off. We ate with our fingers using small pieces of warm flat bread. Boy, I could get used to this.

Since we were on the floor already, seated around the small table, the only comfortable way to sit was with our legs spread facing each other, the table between us. I moved my foot so that it was on her pussy and started playing with it with my toes. Her eyes glazed over a bit and she moved to pull aside the material that covered it. Slowly I kneaded her newly shaved mound with my toes. 

Without too much difficulty I was able to insert a couple of toes into her dripping pussy. She kept pushing herself into my foot, moaning loudly. "Oh God, That feels so good. Yeessss. Please don't ever stop." Gimme that big foot". All of a sudden she almost screamed in joy and my foot was immediately covered in her love juices. She had squirted all over my foot!

During this time I had been stroking my cock with my hand, bringing myself closer and closer to spewing my own love juices all over the place. After she had come, my friend watched me play with myself. She leaned over and said, "Please don't come yet. I want some of that." 

She slid the table out of the way and slithered on her belly over to where I was seated. Her fingers reached out a grasped my cock. Slowly she traced her finger up an down the now ridged shaft. A slight motion towards me and she engulfed the head with her mouth swirling her head around the top. Suddenly she was gulping it all the way down her throat. I could fell her lips against hair at the end of my shaft. In and out, alternately playing with the head and deep throating me. I knew I wasn't going to last long, when she let it fall out of her mouth and ever so slowly started to suck on my balls. I thought I would go insane. She hadn't stopped pulling on my dick, but it was at a much slower pace, I had been just about ready to erupt and here I was about 4 steps down from that. 

I begged her for release. "Just let me come", I said.

"Not yet. I want to get it all. You need to relax and get the most out of it. Sex is so much better that way." 

Right then she pushed me back a bit so that I was almost flat on the floor surrounded by the pillows. Her very active tongue found it's way to my asshole and she began licking and chewing on my anal bud. She had picked up the pace on jerking me off and the ass licking action brought me over the edge. I screamed "I gonna cum" and quickly she clamped her mouth over the top of my cock, sucking me deep down in her throat and swallowed every drop. I must have shot a huge load, because she gagged a little and when she looked up at me she had cum dripping down the corners of her lips

"You see, that wasn't so bad, was it?" She took her fingers and traced the cum drops around her lip. "You shouldn't waste a drop. It's too good for that."

She was lying on her back now, with her head in my lap. I reached down to play with her tits. I slowly traced around her nipples, which were hardening by the minute. As I had seen through her uniform and the 7-veil costume they were ample in size, maybe a 36C, but they filled my mouth just fine. The lilac bath oil she had used made them taste sweet. I continued to suck on them, alternately sucking and biting her nipples. Her breath became ragged and she moved her hand down to her clit. I saw a finger slid into her pussy, then two, so I sucked even harder. 

All of a sudden she cried out, "I going to cum again...suck my tits, Baby. Fill you mouth up." Her hand was a blur in and out of her pussy and her thumb was working overtime on her clit. She gasped, then shuddered and came screaming loudly, "Oh suck me, bite me harder, oh fuck!"

* * * After a bit we cleaned up the leftover food and stated on the few dishes. The whole time we couldn't keep our hands off each other.

"You know, it's really hard to concentrate doing the dishes with your hands on my tits. I'm afraid that I'll drop something." "I'll try not to drop anything, I swear", I said, as I rolled her nipples between my fingers. The more I played with them, the longer it was taking to finish the dishes. 

Finally she said breathlessly, "I think I'll leave these until the morning. Your cock is driving me wild."

It's not that I hadn't noticed, but I was hard again and had been poking her in the ass the whole time I had my hands around her paying with her tits.

She proceeded to blow out all the candles in the living room-dinning room area as we moved towards the bedroom. The only remaining light was from a couple in the bedroom and a small night light in the bathroom. Just enough light to see what you're doing, but dark enough to keep a romantic atmosphere. And there was still a lot of the left.

I followed her to the bedroom. The bed was a large four poster covered with lots of pillows and a soft down comforter. I pulled back the comforter and sat on the edge of the bed. As she stepped out of the shorts, I could see that the crotch was soaking wet. She pulled off her top. Her nipples were still at attention and as I went to bring them to my mouth she practically fell in my arms.

"You have no idea how long I planned this. From the moment I saw you, I really wanted you fuck your brains out", she said. "I was in agony with all the small talk. I just wanted to say, Lets go back to my place and fuck. I even shaved just for you." I couldn't answer right away since I had one of her tits in my mouth, slowly sucking on her nipple. I rolled her over on the bed and traced my tongue down from her breasts along the flat of her belly to her shaved pussy. Man was she wet. The whole insides of her legs were drenched with her juices and my leftover cum. I found her clit, which wasn't fully hard, as it was peeking out of its hood, inflamed and ready for more attention. I flicked it a bit with my tongue and she moaned softly. As I continued to play with it, alternately teasing and drawing her clit into my mouth, the more she moaned, louder and louder. 

"You've got to stop," she cried out, "I'm going to cum again." Oooooh, please... yeah right there. Don't you dare stop."

I slipped around so that we were in a classic 69 position, me on top. She took my cock into her mouth and began sucking furiously, the closer she got to her orgasm. I thought that couldn't have much more in me, after the way things had been going, but she was very good. Her fingers began playing with my ass. She slipped in a finger and began ever so slowly fucking my ass in the same rhythm as she was sucking my cock.

I moved my mouth off her sopping pussy. I was clearly out of breath and ready to explode. It felt so good. I was definitely getting the fucking of a lifetime. I could feel it deep within me, the pressure unbelievable. I suddenly exploded in her mouth again. As I did, she furiously fucked my ass with her finger, At the same time; my mouth was filled with her juices and squirting all over my face. We both screamed in orgasm. 

"Oh fuck me baby", I cried. "Keep it up" I didn't want it to end.

We lay entwined on her bed, soaked in sweat and each other's love cum. We slept for a couple of hours, I guess, because the next thing I remember was twilight coming through the blinds. My lover was nowhere to be seen. Since the bedroom door was closed I couldn't hear much, but I thought that I could hear a shower running. So I drifted back to sleep.

I suddenly found myself fully awake and fully erect.

"Welcome back, lover. I thought that you were going to sleep all morning. But it looks like that you're ready to go again."

Awake and ready. But of course I was awake. She was running her hands up and down my shaft. Slowly. She reached behind her and proceeded to pour some sort of lotion into her hands, rubbed them quickly together and then onto my cock. The lotion was still cool, but was heating up.

"Turn around is fair play. Now it's your turn. Just lay still"

Since I was still groggy, I had no idea what she was talking about. 

She positioned herself over my cock and spread her ass cheeks a bit. Ever so slowly she eased my cock up her ass.

"Ah, that's it. Nice and slow... Oooooh yeah."

It felt like a little pop as the cock head slipped in and then the rest of it went in to the hilt "Oh, it's been too long, since I was fucked in the ass. God, that feels so gooood. Make it last. Make me come, baby. I want you in my ass."

She was on her toes, facing me, moving up and down on my cock. Slowly at first and then quickening the pace.

Her ass was tight, no doubt about it. It clenched around my cock, bringing me closer to what had turned out to be an endless number of orgasms in such a short time. It did feel good.

I pulled myself up a bit and put a pillow behind my head. I could just reach her pussy and in no time found her clit. It was hard and looked longer than it did the previous night. Maybe all my sucking made it grow!

In no time my hand was wet and I went to grab her tits. I wanted to suck on them too. Just then I came deep in he bowels.

"Cum in my ass. Oh, shit, that feels so good, don't you fucking stop, Fuck my ass, Make it hurt, baby"

I continued to pound up her ass. She must have come 2 or 3 times in seconds.

I swear I must have passed out. I awoke to a fully dressed lover, standing next to her bed.

"I have to head out to work. The key in on the kitchen table. Clean towels are in the bathroom so that you can clean up. Now that you know where the place is, don't be a stranger."

She turned and left then turned quickly and blew me a kiss. "Thank you for a wonderful night. See you at work."

In amazement I watched her leave. However she did have a certain bounce to her step that I hadn't noticed before. I wonder why?

Oh, a footnote, She was a natural red head, but that's another story.