 It was late as usual when I'd finished my 12-hour shift at work. Thankfully, it was Saturday, the last day of my week. I was in no particular hurry to get home, as my wife had gone out with a friend and my daughter was staying with her cousin. I decided to stop by a restaurant I'd wanted to try for some time to get some dinner. The place had a bar, so while I waited to be seated, I indulged in a beer, something I rarely do now that I've gotten older. When the waiter arrived, I asked for one of the corner booths, a habit I'd picked up from my not so legal days. He took me to one and it was just the way I liked it...my back was to a wall, and I could see all the exits from there. I sat down and relaxed, finishing my beer.

My food had just arrived, when she walked in. No, walked isn't the right word...she bounced in. She was attractive, with all the physical features I find sexy on a woman. She was thick, with huge tits and ass, and a small waist. She had a bit of a stomach, but not so much as to look sloppy. She looked to be about a size 18 or 20, with DDD-cup boobs that bounced with every step, since she couldn't be wearing a bra. She was wearing a red mini-dress...the kind that stopped at the waist, left the back and shoulders out, and fastened at the neck in a choker collar. She didn't look as though she was wearing any panty hose, as the light caramel complexion of her legs matched her exposed shoulders and arms. Even her feet were sexy, encased in a pair of classic style red "fuck-me" pumps.

I brought my attention back to her face and it took me several seconds to realize that she was sitting at the bar looking directly at me! I blinked and turned away, embarrassed to have been caught staring like that. Looking back at my food, I began to eat, putting all thoughts of "The Woman in Red" out of my head. After a few minutes, I felt a presence in front of me...I looked up and there she was, standing directly before me. "You don't remember me, do you?" she asked.

I looked long and hard into her beautiful face, framed as it was with long, silky black hair. She looked familiar, but I couldn't place her anywhere in my memory. "No, I'm afraid I don't." I said, feeling very guilty.

"I'm Sheila, your wife's cousin. We met earlier this year at the cookout at her grandfather's house." She said as she sat down across from me.

I thought back to that day, and sure enough, there she was. How could I have forgotten her, of all people? She shown up in a white halter top (no bra) and a pair of white shorts, which clearly showed her black thong underneath. Of course, the men stared, the wives frowned and I was giving a quick education on the "ho" as my wife referred to her. All the details of that conversation came back to me in an instant. She was 26, unmarried, with no children and a pure slut. She'd made no secret of the fact that she loved sex and would sleep with anything that had a dick. She was a nymphomaniac in the true sense of the word.

I was broken from my recollections by the sound of her voice asking my how my wife was doing. "She's fine." I replied. "So...what brings you back to this neck of the woods? Last I'd heard, you'd moved back to Baltimore..."

"I had...but my mom is sick, so I came back to help with her. She has cancer."

"That's rough. My father and grandfather died from it." Seeing that she was getting upset, I said "Would you like to join me for something to eat? I can be a great listener if you want to talk."

"Yes, I'd like that. Thank you." She said and hit me with a smile that would light up the heavens.

I called the waiter over and, while Sheila gave him her order, I asked him to put my food in a warmer and to bring it back when he brought hers. He left to carry out our instructions and we talked as we waited for the food.

When the food came, we grew silent, and enjoyed the meal. As I ate, I tried to steal glances at her breasts out of the corner of my eye. She must have caught me, because at one point, she looked down at her chest then back at me and smiled.

When we'd finished, and were waiting for the check, she blew my mind by asking me "Do you think I'm attractive?"

Once I'd regained my composure, I looked at her and said, "Yes, I think you are very attractive. Why do you ask?"

"Well...because you haven't tried once to get into my panties."

"Oh...well, would you like me to make all types of rude comments about your body, telling you how much I want to take you to bed? Or would you rather I skipped all that and tried to feel you up like a horny teenager?"

"No. Actually what I'd like is for you to take me into the Men's bathroom and fuck the Hell out of me." She said, looking me squarely in the eye. 

I stared at her for several seconds, before saying, "You're kidding, right?"

"No, I'm not. I want you, right here, right now. Don't tell me that you don't want me; I've seen the way that you've been looking at me. You've been undressing me with your eyes ever since I came in."

Feeling embarrassed, but at the same time incredibly turned on, I said, "Why me? I'm sure you can have your pick of men in this town."

"That's the thing...on one is trying to have me. In the month I've been back in town, I haven't been fucked once. My poor twat may dry up and blow away at this point. That's the whole reason I came here, dressed like this. I didn't care who it was, but somebody's son was going to put his dick in me tonight. Then I saw you, and remembered you from the cookout. I knew you were married, so there was no chance of you trying to make this into a relationship. So it's the best of both worlds: you get the treat of strange pussy and I get serviced like I need it. What could be better?"

I had to admit she was right. No one would know and I could enjoy this fantasy woman before me. But one question remained. "What about rubbers? I don't use them anymore, and I doubt they sell them here."

"Don't worry..." She said, pulling a Lifestyles Condom out of her purse, "I'm just like the Boy Scouts...always prepared."

With that settled, we made out plans. The bathrooms were set up in such a way, that you had to go though a door, and then you were in a little hallway with doors to both the Men's and Women's bathrooms, as well as the employee break room. I went into the Men's bathroom first to check to see if anyone was in there. It was empty, as I expected, so I went back to the door and let her in. 

Heading to the back, I took her to the handicap stall, so that we'd have enough room. Locking the door behind us, I pulled her into my arms and planted my lips on hers with crushing force. She responded back by wrapping her arms around my neck and pulling me even closer. She must have felt my dick pressing against her stomach, cause she took one hand down and reached between us to rub it. Stepping back, I turned her around and unfastened the collar of her dress, which she let fall in front of her. Turning back around, I saw those magnificent tits for the first time. They were very full and fat, with huge black areolas and large nipples that were already hard as rocks. Taking one heavy boob in my hand, I bent low to take the nipple in my mouth, sucking it as hard as I could.

This had the desired effect as her breathing quickened, and she put her hands behind my head to hold me in place. Using my free hand, I went under her dress, searching for her hot spot. I wasn't the least bit surprised to find that she didn't have any panties on. Finding her pubic hairs, I traced my way down to her clit, which was one of the biggest I'd ever felt. It had to be a good inch, and it was sticking straight out. Almost as soon as I touched it, her body convulsed, as though she'd cum right then and there.

That told me all I needed to know. I stood back up straight and undid my pants, letting them and my underwear fall to my ankles. I told her to give me the rubber, which I put on as fast as I could and then told her to turn around and bend over. Once she was in position, I raised her dress so that her lovely ass was in the open. I couldn't resist the urge to run my hands over it, feeling its firmness. Moving my hands down her crack, I relocated the spot where her legs met her pussy. Sliding a finger in, I found her as wet as a bucket of water, and I knew she was ready.

Squatting slightly, I moved into her, pushing my cock in as far as it would go. A small squeal escaped her lips, but otherwise she was silent as she held on to the railing. I let my dick sit there for awhile, so that she could get used to its size. When was ready to be fucked, she started to bounce back and forth, moving the dick in and out of her. Gripping her hips, I took over control of the fuck. This was not the time for slow sensuous moves; it was "power fuck" time. I fucked her so hard, the stall echoed with the sound of her ass slapping against my stomach. 

She was obviously enjoying the way I was doing her, as she spent the entire time whispering how much she loved it and begging me to do it even harder. Judging by the way her twat clamped down on me, she must have had several orgasm during the course of our sex. Her pussy was so tight and wet, it was all I could do not to shoot my load. But after awhile, I couldn't stop myself and I came, filling the rubber with what felt like a gallon of cream.

I staggered back, and leaned against the wall to catch my breath. She stood up and did the same against the other wall. "Wow," she said. "That was just what I needed."

"Glad I could help." I said, as I pull the rubber carefully off and dropped it in the toilet I watched as she fixed her dress, hiding that sexy body back behind it's material. "Do you need a ride home?"

"No, I drove. Listen, I know I shouldn't have to say this, but..."

"You don't have to worry. I won't say a word to anybody. Why would I mess myself up?" I said and laughed.

"Great. Well, we better get out of here. You first."

Making sure my clothing was arranged properly, I walked out the door, and taking a quick look, made sure no one was in the hallway. Before we walked out into the restaurant, I pulled her into my arms and gave her one last deep kiss. "Something to remember me by." I said. 

"Honey, after the fucking you just gave me, I doubt I could forget you if I tried." She said and laughed.

I went to the cashier and paid the check, and then I walked Sheila to her car. After I watch her drive off, I got in my own car and headed home. A few days later, I heard that her mother had passed and she moved back to Baltimore. I never told my wife and doubt I never will, but even now, months later, I still smile when I go past that restaurant and remember the desert I had.