 The rich breeze flew into the open door of the hotel room, curtains wafting to and fro against the glass as an impeccable dressed man watched mesmerized. He sat in his recliner with a glass of cognac in his hand, looking out at the oceanfront, the setting sun creating an atmosphere for him that couldn't possibly be replicated. He sighed softly, opening his eyes. After taking a sip of his drink, he set it down on the glass table next to him. He looked at his wrist, the watch marking the hour of eight. The casino should be open now, he thought, rising to his feet. 

Arriving only that morning, he set out to enjoy what the night had to offer and perhaps if luck smiled on him, he'd walk away with more than just money in his pocket. Before all other things, he was a businessman and tomorrow would be the first of several meetings with some well-known executives in his business. If he was going to get any kind of diversion, it would have to be tonight.

He took a quick look in the mirror, pleased by the clean shaven look against his darkly rich skin. The suit he had on wasn't of tuxedo formality, but it presented a professional image he'd worked hard to attain, its clean lines molding to every muscle from chest to thigh. He grinned, perfect white teeth gleaming. His ex would call the look 'spank-me hot'. She was all tits and ass, from what he remembered, but she didn't have anything that vaguely resembled a brain. Even the sex became mechanical after a while and soon he lost interest. 

After grabbing his wallet and key card, he made for the elevator to the lobby of Hotel Andalusia Plaza. In the elevator were two women and a man. Two of them were obviously a couple, deep in conversation about something that happened on the beach. The other woman was alone, with a somewhat forlorn look on her face. She seemed preoccupied with something, her fingers fidgeting with the guardrail on the elevator. He entered, taking his place next to her. Immediately, his senses peaked when he caught the innocent scent of baby powder coming from her. He was no stranger to beautiful woman and she certainly qualified. Her figure was curvy in all the right places and from a profile view, she had just the right amount of breasts to show off in that scintillatingly tiny red dress of hers. Her hair was jet black, flowing down to the middle of her back. His eyes couldn't help but notice the generous ass God had graced her with. In one word, she was hot. 

Suddenly, her eyes turned to look at him, sensuous hazel eyes that had his dick stirring. He was surprised by the luminescent glow of her skin, her pale whiteness in spite of his dark skin definitely giving his dick a wake up call. 

"Hi," she said shyly, in what he thought was a French-sounding accent. It was only one word, so he couldn't be sure.

"Hi, there," he said with an easy smile. "Where're you from?"

"Montreal," she responded. Her accent was definitely confirmed as French. He always had a thing for French-Canadien girls, but was never presented with any opportunities with one. Until now, that is. "You?"

"Oh, I'm from New York," he responded, then held out his hand. "My name's Shawn, by the way."

She took Shawn's hand and gave it a firm shake. Damn, he thought. If her grasp is this good on my hand, imagine it on my --- "Clarisse. Pleased to meet you, Shawn."

The elevator was nearly at the lobby and Shawn realized if he didn't make his move soon, the opportunity was going to fly out the door. 

"Listen, Clarisse," he started on a rushed breath, "as it turns out, I don't have a companion for dinner. Would you care to join me?"

The elevator doors opened and the couple beside them exited. He watched Clarisse mull the dinner idea over, but she gave him a sad smile. 

"I wish I could, Shawn. But I already have plans to meet with a friend of mine for dinner," she admitted softly, her chin lowering slightly. Strands of her hair fell forward into her face, so she brushed it away with her French manicured fingertips. "Perhaps another time?"

With that, she walked away before Shawn could utter another word. Damn, he thought. What the hell was going on here? She left him hanging on a rhetorical question that no doubt meant no. He sighed, shaking his head in disbelief. Instead of following her into the sole restaurant in the hotel, he walked off toward the casino, hoping his luck would be better at the blackjack table.

An hour or so had passed and he'd amassed a decent amount of money, working his way from 100 euros to 1500 in that span of time. Although his head was focused on the game, he couldn't help but wonder about that beauty Clarisse. She was not a typical French-Canadien girl, having encountered his share of them when he was in his late teen years. No, he thought. There was a demure quality about her that made him want to know more. It made him want to just dip into that innocence and let it wash over him. Dip into so many things…

"Señor…" the dealer said, trying to bring Shawn's attention back to the game. "Your turn."

Shawn stared at the easy hand before him. He had a twenty and the dealer had a six showing. There was nothing for him to do. Signaling that he was going to stay with his hand, the dealer moved along to the next player. This would be his last hand for now, he thought. She should be gone from the restaurant by now. 

The dealer's losing three-card 26 was a fitting end to a clean session. Shawn gathered his winnings and cashed out, without pause making his way toward the restaurant. Strangely enough, Clarisse was still sitting at the bar, milking a glass of red wine. Whoever she was supposed to meet stood her up. Second chances are a rare thing to come by and Shawn made certain to make his count.

"Clarisse!" he signaled to her. Her head rose to see him standing there, still smiling. She returned the heartfelt grin and strode over to him. "What in the world are you doing here waiting? A beautiful woman should never be left waiting."

At that compliment, she blushed profusely, pressing her hand against her cheek to soften the redness. 

"My date never showed up. I don't know what happened," she responded. When he held out his hand, she immediately took it and allowed him to guide her to a secluded booth under sultry lights deep in the corner of the restaurant. As she sat, Shawn noticed how her skirt raised high on her thigh and wondered just how much of a French-Canadien girl she really was.

Their conversation started out simply enough, with the normal "What do you do" type questions. A meal and several drinks later, their banter turned somewhat more intimate. Shawn had to ask the question that was racking his brain.

"Clarisse," he said in a whisper, turning to her. "I have to know. Are you wearing any underwear?"

Her eyebrows rose at the question, but she wasn't shocked in the least. He was coming to learn that she was very open about her sexuality and perhaps this was the first of many questions to be answered that night.

"No, of course not," she said matter-of-factly. "It would disturb the lines of this dress and I can't have that, can I?" Her teasing tone gave Shawn a signal that she probably would accept something more forward on his part. She stole that opportunity from him by the sly movement of her hand across his thigh and onto the bulge that had continually ailed him for the last hour's worth of conversation. "Ooh, does this mean you're not wearing underwear either, Shawn?"

The question didn't seem to make sense to him at the moment, but it didn't matter. Her hand was pressed solidly against him and there was no way in hell he was removing it. When her fingers began to stroke his length through his pants, he held his breath to see if she would do more. Thankfully, there was a long tablecloth hiding their teasing motions from prying eyes. Clarisse leaned in close to him, that innocent scent haunting him again. 

"I'm going to do something for you, Shawn. Tell me if someone is coming…"

Her hand knocked over her knife 'accidentally', then leaned over toward his lap in a mock attempt to retrieve it. Keeping his wits about him, Shawn continued to take a drink from his glass of wine, every now and then glancing down at her desire to release him. Cool air greeted his skin once she released him but it did not dim his erection any. Clarisse gripped him in one hand at the base, running her moist tongue across the engorged plum tip of his dick. Shawn shuddered at the sudden warmth on his cock, beads of his semen appearing as she rose up and took a breath. At that moment, the waiter came over to the table and in the corner of his eye, he watched Clarisse disappear fully under the tablecloth. 

"Is everything alright, sir?" he asked politely, taking a look at his order book. "Would you like some more wine, perhaps?"

Shawn struggled to get a few words out. "Everything's… just fine. More wine… is good."

"Certainly, sir. Would you like to take a look at the dessert menu?" the waiter continued, when Shawn thought he was going to get the wine.

Go the fuck away! "No dessert. Just the…wine. And the check," he said, the last words coming out as muttered when Clarisse's mouth completely encircled his cock, deep-throating him until he could feel her tonsils against his sensitive tip. Once the waiter disappeared, he muttered, "Dammit, woman. You're gonna get us caught!"

"Mais oui," she whispered after removing his dick from her mouth. Her eyes glanced up at his, hazel eyes and pouty mouth making his cock bob up and down in excitement. "Can we take this elsewhere?"

He nodded, watching her lick what remained of his pre-cum off. It was so exciting that he had to pull his cock away from her; she was so entranced with it. Reluctantly, she returned to her seat next to him, undeniably moist between her legs from her adventure beneath the table. While they waited for a quick glass of wine, Shawn took it upon himself to give a little payback. He slipped his hand beneath her dress, a lone finger stroking her wetness. God, she was so fucking wet already. Her face reddened when he started to circle around her clit, a rhythmic motion that had her on the road to orgasm. Without regard for where they were, she began to groan, bracing her hands on the seat and pressing her hips into his hand. 

"Don't you dare come at this table, Clarisse," warned Shawn, stopping the intense pressure on her. 

"No, don't stop," she begged, her eyes narrowing. "Please."

Shawn shook his head at the lusty woman before him. He couldn't wait to get himself buried deep inside her, to feel her warmth enveloping him. Ah!

"Upstairs," he promised, removing his hand from under her dress. 

The waiter took forever to retrieve the check, but after a few minutes, he returned and it was promptly paid by Shawn. They practically dragged each other across the lobby into the elevator. He pressed the top floor button and once the doors closed, his hands were on Clarisse's hips, indenting her stomach with his erection. They kissed fiercely, tongues dueling and sucking in each other's juices. Shawn picked up Clarisse and wrapped her legs around his hips.

"Oh fuck," he muttered, lowering the edge of her dress to reveal her nipple. He went at it, taking it all into his mouth, flicking its hardness between his teeth. She moaned loudly, grinding into him until his pants were wet with her juices. The elevator door opened and thankfully there was no one wanting to get on. They would have been in for a show. 

Strong legs held Clarisse up as they walked toward Shawn's hotel room. His hands couldn't release her to reach in his pocket for the key.

"You're going to have to get my key, Clarisse," he said, leaning his head toward his right pocket. She took an extraordinarily long time getting around to the pocket, taking a circuitous route over his cock in the process. 

Eventually, she got the key and opened the door. Once inside, Shawn let Clarisse down to rid himself of his jacket; she did the honors of disrobing his lower half, immediately pushing down his pants and boxers in one felt swoop. Shawn kicked all of it away, shoes and all, then set about getting Clarisse naked. She needed to be naked. Right now.

Reading his mind, Clarisse pulled the little red dress over her head, leaving her completely nude since she wore no underwear. Her breasts were swollen, nipples large as dimes and as sensitive as her clit probably was in that moment. His eyes couldn't take anymore and neither could his cock. He guided her over to the bed in a rush, lowering her to the rumpled sheets from his earlier rest and went to work. Her legs opened wide, revealing her smoothly shaved pussy.

"Oh, shit! I didn't expect this…" he exclaimed, eager to get his head in and munch. 

Clarisse's hand grabbed his head, pressing his ready tongue between her legs. "Lèche-moi…" she said, repeating it until his tongue fulfilled her request, licking at her clit with his wet tongue. It took no time at all until he was completely engrossed in her pussy, using his teeth to hold her clit steady, pushing his tongue deep into her in a thrusting motion. A small sheet of sweat broke out on her skin, Shawn's hands having a difficult time of keeping his hands steady on her skin. "Merde…" 

She cursed Shawn's errant mouth and the devilish things it was doing. While he was busy below, Clarisse played with her nipples which were already taut and sensitive to the point of madness. Her legs tightened around his head, fingers digging into the mattress as she arched into his mouth, her orgasm potent. Deep inside, his tongue felt the clenching of her muscles and knew she was coming. He was surprised when he felt a squirt of liquid splash onto his face and for a moment, he sat mystified at her squirting ability. He'd heard of women that could ejaculate like men, but never did he experience it. 

Shawn didn't wait for her to recover. Instead he propped up her hips under a pillow and with a brief pass of the head of his cock against her vaginal lips and the juice that was flowing from her, he thrust deep into her, to which they both groaned loudly. 

"Oh yeah…" he groaned, basking in the powerful feeling of being fully buried in her. Clarisse wrapped her legs around his waist, pulling him deeper into her. "Ah…"

Clarisse began muttering unintelligible words in French with each thrust Shawn made. Wanting to be in deeper, he raised her legs until her knees were pressed against her chest and with precision, angled in so deep that he touched her womb. She cried out in pleasure-pain at the deep penetration, reaching in to titillate her clit. 

He felt his balls tighten and knew he was at his limit. "Where do you want it, Clarisse? Where do you want it?" His voice was deep, almost evil in its resonance.

"I want to suck it all down," she begged, watching him pull out. She sat up quickly, opened her mouth and waited for the hot load to shoot into her. Shawn stroked himself up and down at the head, then brought her mouth to his cock so she could suck him as he came. The hot blast flew to the back of her throat, Clarisse struggling to keep all of it inside her mouth without gagging. Only a trickle of semen dripped from her lips, her eyes rising to look into his. 

"Shit, that was something…" he said, taking a deep breath to recover. Her body lounged back on the bed for a second, then she turned over onto her stomach suddenly. "What is it?"

Clarisse started raising her ass to his view. She had an amazing ass, round and firm with just the amount of give so that he could smack it. Even after that amazing orgasm, he felt himself grow firm again just thinking about getting into her again, this time in her ass. Maybe that's what she had in mind. Shawn watched her reached beneath her to start thrust her fingers in and out of her pussy, her thumb strumming her clit back into awareness. She was insatiable! Between the view of her pussy being stroked again and her moans of pleasure, Shawn was ready to go again for round two.

"Hold on a minute," he chuckled, running his hand over her ass. Then, he gave it a resonant smack that left his handprint in red. She jerked against him with a yelp, but he could tell by the clench of her muscles when he dipped his finger in her pussy that she enjoyed it. Again and again, he smacked her ass until she was red and throbbing in pain. But the pain subsided and all that was left was pleasure and the feel of Shawn's dick dipping into her pussy for lubricant. The knob of his cock pressed cautiously against her, easing slowly into her until she reached behind and took him into her hands.

"Fuck me, already!" she begged, thrusting his cock full force into her ass. "Ah!" 

Overwhelmed by the move, Shawn held her hips steady and pumped into her tight hole as best he could, until he could take the tightness no longer and with a raw shout, came deep inside her. Clarisse shuddered with another orgasm, her juices landing on the bed. They both collapsed onto the bed, completely spent in their frenzy to satisfy each other. He pulled out of her and sat back on his haunches.

"That was very enjoyable," she smiled, her voice sexy as she caressed his chest. Clarisse fell back on the bed, dozing off before Shawn's eyes. 

Amazing, his dick didn't want to be quiet. As soon as his eyes devoured Clarisse's entire body, he was hard all over again. His eyes turned to the clock on the wall. It was only midnight. There was a whole lot of night left. Shawn disappeared into the bathroom and cleaned himself up. He returned to the room and shook Clarisse awake. Her eyes blinked open, saliva dripping from her lips at his renewed erection. When her mouth surrounded him for the umpteenth time that night, he closed his eyes and relished the marvel of it… and let himself fall in to the pool of arousal all over again.