 We decide to go out for a nice night; dinner and drinks. You wear a nice dress and heels while I wear a tie and jacket. The meal is fancy and romantic and we enjoy each other's conversation and company. When we go to the bar for drinks we choose a dimly lit place. We only find one seat at the end of the bar next to the wall. You take the seat while I stand against the wall facing you. This way you are facing away from the rest of the place. Our conversation gets more and more intimate as we have more drinks. We have to get closer to hear each other as the place gets more crowded and louder. That means we are speaking into each other's ear frequently. You can tell I like the feeling of your breath on my skin. I keep one arm on the bar and you absent-mindedly rest your hand on mine. My other hand is on the back of your stool and, when you lean back, you can feel my fingers against you. As we talk more and get closer, I gently stroke your back as you caress my other hand.

As we talk more, my hand rests permanently on your back just where the material of your dress begins. You seductively stroke my fingers and, with the hand that is between you and me you reach up and start to fiddle with the buttons of my shirt. Your fingers are fidgeting just above my belly button and, sometimes, you slip them under my shirt through the openings between the buttons. Your eyes look up at me and you bite your lip. I bend forward and start to kiss your cheek. Then I move to your neck then back up. Gently kissing you. Then I take my hand from the bar and put it on your bare knee. Your hand stays on the bar as I slowly move my hand up your thigh. Your legs are crossed and, as I get higher up your leg, you turn so your back is angled to the bar. You are trying to close off the view so, when I get to the hem of your short dress, no one will see. I continue to lightly kiss your neck and ear, the hand on your back holding you in place, and the fingers of my other hand slipping under your skirt along your outer thigh. You discreetly look over your shoulder at the other patrons. The bar is crowded. The man next to you has his back to you. Everyone else is in conversation. At the far end, where the bar makes a right angle, there are a few people who might see you, but they wouldn't be able to see my hand under the bar. 

Just when you wonder what those people could see, my fingers slide over the top of your thigh and nestle between your legs. My fingertips are so close to your panties I think I can feel the first indications of the fabric. Your eyes go wide and you quickly turn to me, realizing just how far I'm going to go. Your hand tightens on my shirt as I gently pry your legs open and start to subtly rub your pussy through your panties. I go all the way down until I'm stopped by the barstool. Then I drag my fingers up until I'm where I think your clit is. Sometimes I miss but other times I stop right on top of it. You moan each time and spread your legs a bit wider for me. I'm starting to feel your panties dampen from your pussy. It helps me find your clit more easily and you start to writhe slightly in the seat. You look over your shoulder again. No one is noticing but you decide to try to keep as still as you can. 

Your hand clenches my shirt in a fist when my fingers slip under the side of your panties. I use them to pull your pussy lips open and slide my fingers along your folds. You are so wet. I reflexively lick my lips and you know exactly what I want. To taste you. To feel you on my tongue. It is such a turn on for you to know how badly I want you. You arch your back as I methodically rub your wet clit. I run my fingertip along one side of it and down the other. I slide my fingertip over the top of it. I tap it gently. I hold it between two fingers and pinch slightly. Over and over. Your breathing gets heavy. Your breasts straining against your dress and your nipples clear. The hand on the bar is clutching your glass tightly. Your other hand is now on my waist, your fingers sliding into the top of my pants. That hand holds me so close to you it is difficult to move my hand on your pussy.

A sudden image of what you look like comes to you. You are sitting up perfectly straight in your chair with your head so close to me it is almost resting on my shoulder. Your breathing is deep and heavy. Sometimes your hips rock into my hand. You are afraid again that you are being watched so you look over your shoulder. The bar looks the same. This time, however, you notice one woman looking straight at you. She is running her hand up and down her drink as she looks in your direction. Before you can decide if she is watching you, you feel me slide one finger inside you. You instinctively curl your back so I have easier access and rest the side of your head against my chest. Your eyes close as my finger goes as deeply as it can inside you. I start to work the finger inside you. Rolling it. You know I am searching for your G-spot. You want me to find it but part of you doesn't. You don't know if you can keep quiet much longer. You open your eyes and find the woman at the end of the bar. She is staring right at you. Her hand is now delicately running between her breasts. You watch her lick her lips as I finger you. There can be no question that she knows exactly what is happening to you. This all makes you cum with shudder. You close your eyes and I continue to finger you until you stop wiggling.

After you climax, you open your eyes. I have taken my hand out from under your dress. You see my finger glistens from your pussy juices. You have had enough. You tell me that you want my cock... right now and we hastily leave the bar. Luckily, I have parked in a darker part of the lot. As we walk, you have one arm wrapped around my waist and my arm is over your shoulder. Your other hand reaches across your body and is undoing my belt. I tell you we need to wait until we get to your place or mine. You tell me that waiting is not going to happen. You smile when I look a bit worried.

We get to my car and I open the passenger door for you. You look at me as both your hands undo my pants. You sit down on the seat with your feet on the ground facing my crotch. You take out my cock and start to stroke it. As you do you tell me about the woman at the other end of the bar. You tell me how she was playing with her tits as she watched you get fondled. You tell me how much it turned you on. My hands hold on to the top of the car as you start to suck my cock into your mouth. Looking down and seeing your lovely eyes gaze up at me while my hard dick disappears in your pretty mouth is such a sight. I revel in it. My cock gets harder in your mouth but you don't stop. You reach down between your legs and touch your pussy. I so love looking down and seeing you play with your pussy as you give me a blowjob. You are surprised again at how wet you are.

After long, luxurious attention to my cock you stand up and we kiss. Your lips are so inviting. Your hand continues to stroke my cock as I start pulling your dress up. Once your panties are exposed your turn your back to me. I pull your soaked panties down to mid-thigh and caress your ass. You arch your back and part your legs as far as your panties will allow. I position the head of my cock at your pussy and use the shaft to massage your lips. It's so close to going inside. You are bending and twisting your body to try and get it to slip in. You want me to stop teasing you and get inside. You tell me so as you reach behind you and grab the shaft. You put the tip of it right at your pussy and I push slowly into you. Slowly, deeply. You take your hand away and I sink even deeper. Slowly in and out. I hold your hips as I put my cock into you over and over. You rest your head against the top of the car as I get more heated. Every time we readjust your panties slip down a bit further. Sometimes you push them down other times the slip down by themselves. Eventually they are at your ankles and you lift your right foot out of them and place that foot on the passenger side floorboard. At last I can get even deeper inside your wet pussy. You know you must be dripping wet by now. You reach between your legs and put a finger on either side of my cock. You can feel how slick and wet my cock is and you know that your pussy is making it so. When you bring your hand to your face you see beads of white on your fingers.

You show me your hand over your shoulder. "Look at what you are doing to me!" you say breathlessly. I moan and you smile, knowing you just took me to the next level. I guide you into the car so your left knee is on the passenger seat your hands on the driver's seat. Then I really start driving you hard. You aren't even trying to hide your moans as I push my cock into your tight pussy harder and faster. Stretching it open deeply until you cum so hard you collapse against the driver's seat with your gorgeous ass high in the air. I pull my hard cock out of your pussy but you stay in that position trying to get your breath back. You feel the cold air on your wet pussy and feel it dripping out slightly. You reach a hand between your legs again to gently massage your pussy. Once again, you marvel at how wet you are. You are surprised to find that, somehow, the front of your dress is wet, too. You don't know if it is from my cock or your pussy. Did you squirt or has this been gathering there the whole time? You don't really know.

And soon you don't care because I have knelt down behind you and I'm licking every spot where your pussy juices have gone. You fleetingly ask yourself "why didn't I move so he couldn't go down on me?" That thought leaves your mind quickly once I start to lap at your pussy. I use my thumbs to spread you open wide and press my tongue deeply into you. You bite your fingers to keep from screaming as I tug on your pussy lips, suck on your clit, and jam my tongue against your pussy. You know I won't stop until you cum so you don't even try to hold back. You give me your pussy. Offering it up to me. Reaching under yourself again to spread your lips wide so I can get my tongue everywhere. You taste so good. I never want to stop eating you. You hear me mumble those things against your gorgeous pussy. You hear me moan and gasp for air when you push yourself onto my face. Finally it is too much and you cum hard on my lips. You can see small drops from your pussy collecting on the passenger seat. Another sexy little wet spot like the one on your panties and dress.

You start to push back so that I have to stand up. You climb out of the car and make me sit down just as you were doing when you sucked my cock earlier. You undo the top of your dress and pull it down so I can see your tits. Your nipples are harder than I have ever seen them. I reach out to touch them but you turn your back to me. You look over your shoulder. Your eyes are so stunning and your gaze so sexy I barely notice you pulling your dress up again. You straddle my legs and start to lower your dripping pussy onto my cock again. You take it all the way down and start to grind on me. You put your hands on my knees. You piston your hips onto my stiff dick, tossing your hair with each penetration. You hit me in the face with your long hair and I reach around to hold your breasts. I use them to keep you against me so I can keep smelling and touching your hair with my face. I don't hold you so tightly that you can't drive your hips onto me. Touching your breasts for the first time tonight after so many climaxes makes you cum slightly. When you open your eyes you see your cum drenched panties laying on the ground in front of you. You aren't sure why but seeing them there turns you on.

You are taking my cock with a passion. Feverishly. Relentlessly. I'm moaning behind you. You are biting your lip and fingers again to keep from shouting. I tell you I'm going to cum and you get even faster. I know you want me to cum inside you so I wrap my arms around your waist and let your pussy pull it out of my cock. When I do cum I press my face into your back and shout. I can't help it. Feeling your pussy get suddenly warmer. Feeling my cock swell inside you makes you cum, once again, on my lap.

I collapse back into the car as you lean against the open door. You gingerly lift your pussy off of me. I can barely manage to slide over to the driver's seat and twist into driving position. You sit down on your side and close the door. I start the car and we finally leave the parking lot. My pants are at my ankles and my relaxing cock is hanging out of my boxers. Your dress is basically wrapped around your waist as you recline on the seat. Your hand idly running through the wet spot you made on the side of the seat. You realize that your pussy drenched panties are still in the parking lot, crumpled up next to the driver's door of the car that was next to us. You can't really muster the energy to be too embarrassed by this. When we get to your place (which is closer) we fix ourselves up enough to get inside. That's when we start all over again.