 Cassie stood in front of the long mirror on the wall of her hotel room, wondering if she had time to change before Paul arrived to meet her for dinner at the restaurant downstairs. She was in the city to attend a three day business seminar, and was wearing a simple black dress with heels that made her feel sexy in a subdued kind of way. It was how she often dressed for work because she often felt that the men who worked for her would work harder if they thought she would sleep with them. She had already undone the top button of the dress to let her long necklace dangle into her cleavage, and decided to open another button, exposing just a slight hint of the black lace of her bra. 

As she ran her hands down her smooth torso, admiring the fit of the dress around her supple breasts her phone buzzed and lit up on the dresser with a text from Paul, "I'm around the corner. Meet you outside in a few minutes." Her heart started to pound and her cheeks flushed as the anticipation of seeing him was quickly spreading a warmth across her body. She let her hair down out of the clip that had been holding her auburn waves up off her neck, smudged her eyeliner a bit, grabbed her purse and headed for the elevator in the hallway. 

On the ride down to the lobby she leaned back against the wall and tried to calm her nerves before seeing him. She was finding that she was nervous, which surprised her. Cassie and Paul had known each other for around 10 years, and this wasn't the first time that they were having dinner together, but it had been close to a year since they had seen each other and a lot had happened in their personal lives during that time. Paul had now been living in the city for over nine months finally living out his dream job of owning his own business and Cassie had ended her long term relationship a few months before her trip. When she found out the schedule for the trip she immediately called Paul, suggesting that they meet for dinner or drinks one night while she was there. She thought she heard a certain excitement in his voice as they made their plans to meet at the hotel restaurant, and she felt the same excitement inside of her as she hung up the phone. 

She let out the breath that she didn't even know she had been holding as the elevator doors opened and she walked to the doors on the other side of the lobby. As she approached she could see Paul standing outside waiting for her, looking up at the building. Cassie paused on the tile floor with her hand on the door as she looked him over, admiring the way his khakis fit his strong legs and tight ass, the quirkiness of his plaid blazer over his patterned shirt. He must have felt her eyes on him because he finally looked through the door at her, smiling at her from behind his neatly trimmed beard, beckoning her to come outside. She blushed, worried she had been caught, and pushed the door open and stepped outside to say hello. 

He held his arms open to greet her with a hug, and she stepped close to him, reaching up and wrapping her arms around his shoulders and neck while his arms slipped around her waist, pulling her closer to him. It was a strong hug, one that shows each other that they have missed being near them, and that they are happy to see one another. They stood there in each others' arms in front of the hotel for what felt like a long time to Cassie, but what was probably only 15 or 20 seconds. 

They pulled apart slightly, her hands still around his neck and his around her waist as he looked into her green eyes with his deep brown ones and asked, "So, are you ready for dinner?" Suddenly Cassie felt a sort of embarrassment being that close to him, close enough that he could kiss her, and nodded saying, "Okay," and she slowly pulled away from him. 

The restaurant was a part of the hotel, but the entrance was around the corner from the front door from the hotel. As Paul placed his hand on the back of Cassie's elbow to lead her to the restaurant, her mind raced and her heart pounded. She had always found Paul to be very attractive, but for the majority of the time they had known each other she was in a relationship and had never once actually thought anything further about it. Now, here she was, single and in a different city heading to dinner with a very sexy and handsome man. One who was holding the door open for her as they walked into the restaurant, who had already made a reservation for them, who was holding out her chair for her. She wasn't used to the chivalry, but found herself smiling as she sat down and he pushed in her chair. 

The conversation flowed smoothly as the meal progressed, almost certainly aided by the second bottle of wine Paul requested for them. He filled her glass for her, their fingers lingering on one another's as he passed it back to her, their eyes meeting above the candle light. The whole time they sat there they found excuses to reach across the table and touch each other. Cassie made a comment on his watch, reaching for his wrist, her fingers grazing the soft skin above his pulse point. Paul asked about her earring, and reached over and pushed her hair to the side. Finally she realized as she touched his arm while he made her laugh that without a doubt she wanted to sleep with him. 

As they finished their meals and poured the last glasses of wine from the bottle she felt Paul's eyes on her, lingering at her collarbone and down her cleavage. She looked at him and saw that a new kind of hunger appeared in his eyes as he said, "That's a beautiful dress. If I may be so bold, I think it would look even better on the floor." As he said this he watched her face for a reaction, unsure if he was overstepping. Cassie grinned at him, and looked up and called the waiter over for the check. "I was hoping you'd think so," she replied. Paul pulled out his wallet, placed some cash on the table and reached for her hand. 

They practically skipped away from their table and towards the exit, fueled by the wine and growing tension between them. As they came around the corner, nearing the door to the hotel Paul stopped, spun Cassie towards him, pulled her close and kissed her. Softly at first, then with more hunger as her arms wrapped around his waist tighter, their lips parting so their tongues could meet. Suddenly Paul pulled back, looked her in the eyes and said, "Upstairs. Now." 

Cassie felt her breath catch in her throat as she tried to keep her composure as they walked through the lobby to the bank of elevators, his hand on the small of her back above her ass. She could barely speak as they entered the elevator and she pushed the button for her floor. As soon as the doors closed, Paul pressed her back up against the wall and brought his lips to hers again, his hands roaming her body, down her back and gripping her ass as he pressed against her. Cassie could feel his large growing bulge pressing up against her through his pants and she ran her hands down his chest and over the front of his pants, gripping him through the fabric that separated them. The elevator reached her floor and she grabbed his hand and pulled him in the direction of her room. 

When she traveled for business Cassie always booked herself a large room, and this time the hotel upgraded her to a corner suite complete with a large luxury bathroom and sitting room. Paul followed Cassie into the room, and as she set her purse down on the table he came up behind her, wrapping one arm around her waist and pulling her ass up against him, the other hand pushing her hair off to the side, his lips on her skin at the base of her neck just above the edge of her dress. Cassie moaned softly as he used his teeth to nibble lightly on her skin as he reached up and undid the remaining buttons on the front of her dress, pushing the dress off of her shoulders and onto the floor, leaving her standing there in her black lace push-up bra and matching panties. He spun her around and looked her up and down as her hands reached up and pushed his blazer off of his shoulders and went to work on the buttons of his shirt. 

As Paul slid his hands up her sides from her ass, her lips found his exposed skin after each button she opened, planting soft kisses and little licks, on his collarbone, his chest. She worked slowly at the first couple of buttons, and then feverishly as she practically ripped open the rest of his shirt, pushing it open and down off his shoulders and arms. 

They were barely in the hotel room, just right inside the door, but she couldn't help herself. She dropped to her knees in front of him as she pushed him back against the door, looking up at him as she undid his belt. Paul ran his hand through her hair, shivering as her fingertips teased the skin on his belly as she pulled the belt from around his waist, teasing him by taking her time. She set the belt on the floor, and ran her hands up his thighs, and around to grip his ass in her hands. She brought her lips to his stomach just below his bellybutton and heard him gasp as she ran her tongue down to the waistband of his slacks. He moaned in surprise as he watched her take the fabric in her teeth, pulling it free from the button, and felt her warm breath through his boxers as she took the zipper between her teeth and tongue and lowered it. 

Cassie looked up at Paul again as she hooked her thumbs behind both his pants and boxer shorts and pushed them down to his ankles, his cock rock hard before her. She wrapped her hand around the base of his large, thick shaft, and brought her lips to the tip, tasting the precum that was already leaking from his swollen head. She felt Paul's hands in her hair again, pulling it back so he could hold it in his hand and have a clear view of her sucking him as she wrapped her lips and tongue around his head. She licked and sucked his head while she brought her hand to his balls, cupping them as she took more of his shaft past her lips. She looked up at him as she took more of him past her lips and into her throat, her lips bobbing up and down his shaft as his mouth fell open as he watched her, his hips thrusting towards her mouth. 

Suddenly, Paul reached down and cupped his hand under her chin, pulling her lips from his spit-coated cock, and bent down and kissed her. He pulled her up to standing, his lips and tongue still entwined with hers, and stepping out of his pants and boxers leaving the pile behind in front of the door, guided her backwards towards the bedroom. Once they were near the bed, he picked her up, and set her down on her back on the bed, pulling her hips to the edge and pulling her panties off. He bent down and kissed her skin above her soft pubic hair, running his hands up her thighs towards her warm wet center. Cassie squirmed beneath him at his touches, her breathing getting heavier as he teased her, her wet pussy glistening in the light coming in through the window. Paul ran his tongue up along her belly and slid his hands underneath her to unclasp her bra, and pulled it off her shoulders tossing it to the floor. 

He stood there admiring her naked before him, running his palms across her hard nipples before cupping and squeezing her tits in his hands. Cassie pushed herself up with her hands and brought her face to his, kissing him hard and moaned against his mouth as he pinched her nipples. 

Paul pulled back a bit, and brought his lips and tongue to her neck, kissing and nibbling his way down to her tits, taking his time with each nipple, kissing and licking it, taking them between his teeth and flicking them hard with his tongue. He had her hands pinned beneath his against the bed as he expertly played with her nipples with his teeth and tongue, her hips rocking towards him as she moaned and writhed beneath him, getting closer to cumming as she could feel her warm juices dripping from her, running down into the crack of her ass. 

Suddenly, his lips lifted from her tits as he kissed her again, leaning down on her, his weight on top of her felt so good, and she spread her legs wider, trying to wrap them around his waist. She could feel his swollen cock against her, and desperately wanted him inside of her. 

Paul pushed himself up, and pulling her legs over his shoulders knelt down on the floor in front of the bed, and ran his tongue up her warm wet slit and lightly flicked her sensitive clit. Cassie gasped and moaned as he placed his lips over her clit and started to suck on her hardened bean, flicking it fast and hard with his tongue. She reached down and ran her fingers through his hair as he licked and sucked on her sensitive clit, suddenly running his tongue back down her slit, tasting her juices. He penetrated her warm center with his tongue, deep into her tight pussy as she rocked her hips against his face, his tongue fucking her as she felt her walls tighten around him. Her hips started to shake as the first waves of her orgasm came over her as Paul brought his lips back to his clit and began quickly flicking his tongue across it.

As her hips bucked against him, he quickly slid two fingers into her tight, pulsing pussy, meeting the thrusts of her hips with his hand and tongue as she came hard against him, coating his hand and lips in her warm pussy juices. 

Before Cassie had a chance to catch her breath, Paul stood and pushed her legs wide before him, and pressed his swollen head up against her warm slit and filled her with his thick cock. Cassie felt her eyes roll back into her head as he slid the full length of him deep into her until just his balls were hanging out. He lifted her ankles above his shoulders and started thrusting hard and fast, filling her with his cock, his balls slapping her ass every time he slammed his hips down against hers. Cassie watched him grin at her as she brought her hands up to her tits, cupping and squeezing them, pinching at her nipples as he fucked her. 

She stared him in the eyes as her pussy started to tighten and twitch around his cock and moaned, "Yes...fuck." cumming hard around him, her hips bucking wildly towards him, meeting every hard, fast thrust he gave her. Without warning he threw her ankles off of his shoulders and flipped her over onto her knees, never once removing his cock from her. He slapped her ass, which caused her to cry out, and gripped her hips tightly, pulling her back onto his cock. 

He slapped her ass again, hard, leaving a bright red hand print on her smooth ass cheek, taking her again and again and groaned, "Mm Cassie...you're a good little fucktoy aren't you?" 

She was surprised at how much she enjoyed him calling her that as he had her bent over and clutching the sheets in her hands, and felt herself cumming again as she moaned, "Oh fuck yes. I love being your fucktoy." 

He slapped her ass again, even harder this time as her orgasm came to a head, causing her to lose her balance and fall to her elbows as his fingers dug into her hips, her legs shaking as he fucked her harder through the resistance of her tight cunt, her juices flowing down his shaft and balls, coating his thighs. He groaned as he bent over her, taking her tits in his hands and squeezing them as he pumped his thick cock deep inside of her as his balls shot his sticky cum deep in her pussy, filling her with his warm milk as he collapsed on top of her. 

Paul rolled over and groaned, his cock coated in a sticky mix of Cassie's juices and his cum. She crawled over and ran her tongue lightly up the length of him to his head, wrapping her lips around him, tasting their sex mixed together as she sucked him clean. "Let's get in the shower," she said as she tugged on his hand, "I'm not done with you just yet."