 Last Friday morning I got in my car to go to work and there was a note on my seat. As I opened it I realized it was actually a fancy invitation that invited me to dinner at 7:00 in our dining room and asked me to dress in whatever made me feel sexy. Hmmm. I was curious what my hubby was up to but I knew from past experience that whatever it was it would be a wonderful evening that would end with some great sex. 

It was hard to concentrate at work as I anticipated the coming evening and dinner with my man. My nipples were hard all day and I'm sure the guys in the office didn't mind at all since they were always staring at my big tits. By noon I had to take my thong off because it was soaked with my pussy juice. The anticipation kept building and at 3 I closed the door to my office and pulled up my favorite chat site and started chatting with some horny guy out on the west coast. He kept telling me how big and wonderful his cock was and begging me for a picture of me and my tits. Of course I didn't have any of these at work so I teased him for an hour or so just to make the afternoon go by quickly. I finally told him to tell me how he would fuck me if he were in my office right now. He started going into all crazy details about fucking me on my desk and eating my pussy under my desk while a co-worker came in to discuss a file but I have to admit it turned me on because I slid a hand under my desk and up my skirt while he fucked me cyber style. 

My pussy was aching and I easily found my engorged clit. I rubbed my little bud as my cyber hero was now bending me over my desk and fucking me from behind. My rubbing became heavier as I watched his words appear on my screen. My finger slipped inside my pussy. I wanted to reach for my purse and my pocket vibrator but it was too far away. I pulled my finger out of my pussy and found my clit again. Within seconds I was cumming. It was explosive and I prayed no one would come knocking on my door for a late afternoon meeting until I could collect myself. The words on the screen had stopped and I noticed his last line was telling me he was cumming. I put my pussy soaked fingers on the keyboard and just typed "thank you." There was no reply and I assumed he was gone. We had given each other what we needed and I didn't even have to send him a pic of my tits.

I got home from work after a quick stop at my favorite lingerie store and my hubby was already busy in the kitchen. Watching him in the kitchen has always turned me on. Ingredients were everywhere and but he was calm as could be. He was dressed in my favorite shirt and jeans and smelled of my favorite cologne. I kissed him on the cheek and told him I was going to take a quick shower. He said not to rush because dinner wouldn't be ready for an hour. I needed the shower to freshen up my pussy from the orgasm I had at work just before coming home. I shaved my pussy which I normally do on Friday night and let my body relax as the hot water streamed down my body. 

The invitation told me to dress in whatever made me feel sexy. This could be many different things depending on my mood. All day I considered coming downstairs for dinner completely nude since I always feel sexy in the buff. We have eaten dinner together in the buff before but since he was looking sexy in his shirt and jeans I decided to go with that theme. I pulled on my black jeans, sans panties, and highest stilettos and reached for my lowest cut top. I stuffed my 34d tits into my bra and put my top on. I stared in the mirror and adjusted my top to show the most cleavage possible. He always loves it when my tits are spilling out of my tight bras and shirts. As my image in the mirror stared back at me I did look and feel sexy. 

I came downstairs and was greeted with a whistle followed by a deep tongue kiss that instantly woke my pussy up. I could feel his hard dick in his jeans when he pressed against me and I suddenly could not wait to suck and fuck that wonderful cock of his later that night. 

Dinner was spectacular with homemade stuffed mushrooms, salad, roasted potatoes, perfectly grilled steak and a big bottle of red wine. Soft jazz was playing in the background. The candles were reflecting off the glass table. His eyes were fixed on me and my tits all through dinner and the attention made me so fucking horny. 

After the meal he cleared the table and I sipped my wine. He came back into the dining room with a chocolate mousse dessert he had prepared. I took a couple of bites and couldn't wait any longer. I brought my dessert to his side of the table, pulled his chair out and kneeled between his legs. I unbuttoned his shirt button by button. I unbuttoned his jeans and slid his zipper down. He "forgot" to wear underwear and I reached in and grabbed his big, hard cock. I filled my spoon with my chocolate mouse dessert and smeared it all over his dick. I began licking and sucking his cock removing every bit of my dessert then I covered his cock again and licked it clean again. He told me he could not take anymore of my blow job or else he would explode so I stood and took my heels and jeans off leaving only my shirt and bra on. 

I straddled his lap and lowered my freshly shaven pussy onto his throbbing cock. I smothered his face with my tits and rode his cock. It was deep inside me as we fucked and fucked each other. I wondered if the neighbors could see but I didn't care. His cock felt too good in my pussy to care. He unloaded his wad in my pussy and I fingered my clit to orgasm while he went limp inside me. I told him he could rest while we watched the new porno I bought on the way home from work but his cock better be up for more sex later that night. An hour later, he was definitely "up" for round two.