 We both just finished dinner at the hotel restaurant. You and I caught glances early in the evening while eating dinner. We both appeared a little bit bored with our dates. I was with a man I dated last weekend - a little too rich and a little bit too commanding for me. I was much prettier and voluptuous than your date.

Unknowingly, we both went with our dates to the same hotel bar - sitting adjacent from each other. I caught your wink. I'm drinking another glass of wine to rush the time and you are drinking a martini. Your date goes to the bathroom and my date is distracted. You show me your hotel key and gesture me to come and get it. I go to the restroom quickly before your date returns, passing your way and you hand me the key.

We say goodnight to our dates and I leave first. I am wearing a pink low cut blouse with a shocking pink bra underneath, a pink and black flowered skirt, a shocking pink thong, black sheer stockings and black heels. You are handsome with salt and pepper hair. You are of regal stature and very sexy.

I go in the elevator alone. I wonder what you like or how you will feel in my arms. I decide to take off my stockings and panties then put them in my purse and unsnap my bra. I am wet and moist with desire. I feel needy for the masculine touch of a man and helpless desire in my thoughts and dreams. I touch myself and my pussy is wet, hot and creamy. I leave the elevator and walk towards your room. I knock lightly and unlock the door. You are waiting there naked and let me in. You feel me over my clothes inspecting what path to take. You run your hands up and down all over me. I am dripping wet, powerless and submissive to your desires.

I bend over the bed leaning on my elbows as you reach under my skirt and you feel that I have no panties on. You lift my skirt and insert your hard penis into me and thrust up and down. You grab my breasts and fondle my perky nipples. We are going at it like two rabbits in heat - two sexual humans deep in lust and wanton with desire of each other. I reach down and grab your testicles and you are even more aroused by my lack of inhibition. We are both sighing deliriously and glazed.

You come inside me, relax and then quickly pull off my skirt. You climb on top of me and pull my blouse up and unfastened bra up and begin sucking my hard nipples. 

You kiss me erotically and move me towards the bed and feel up and down my warm and strong thighs. You take off my shoes and put your wet tongue inside my hot pussy. I come and as loud as I come, at the same time the hotel bed caves in. We laugh with euphoria. You move down and suck my clitoris again and I come again quickly and erotically.

I suck on your penis as you watch. I play with your balls and they are full with desire. My hair is pulled back and very sexy. I know how you like to watch. I don't want to stop and you are so hard. You come in my mouth and I savor your taste.

We take a short nap, then wake up and go at it doggie style. You put your finger in my ass while you are penetrating me with your hard cock. I'm playing with my pussy and climax while you are still inside me. My ass is getting so excited and I am having spasms. I've never felt this good before. You put a butt plug in my ass and continue to drive your hard cock inside my pussy. I start having an orgasm stronger than anything I have ever felt. I ask you to pull out because I can't stand the sensation anymore. You finish yourself off as I lay used up and fully satisfied on the bed. You squirt your hot cum all over my crack and I feel on fire. I have never felt this good or satisfied before.

We collapse with exhaustion, look at one another then ask each other our names...our last names and what town we are from? We exchange phone numbers... 

Dinner, Dessert & More by sexygodess06 ©

We both just finished dinner at the hotel restaurant. We caught glances early in the evening while eating dinner. We both appeared a little bit bored with our dates. 

I was with a man I dated last weekend – a little too rich and a little bit too commanding for me. I was much prettier and voluptuous than your date.

Unknowingly, after dinner we both went with our dates to the same hotel bar – sitting adjacent from each other. 

I caught your wink. I'm drinking another glass of wine to rush the time and you are drinking a martini. 

Your date goes to the bathroom and my date is distracted. You show me your hotel key and gesture me to come and get it. 

I go to the restroom quickly before your date returns, passing your way and you hand me the key.

We say goodnight to our dates. 

I leave first. I am wearing a pink low cut blouse with a shocking pink bra underneath, a pink and black flowered skirt, a shocking pink thong, black sheer stockings and black heels. 

You are handsome with salt and pepper hair. You are of regal stature and very sexy.

I go in the elevator alone. I wonder what you like or how you will feel in my arms. I decide to take off my stockings and panties then put them in my purse and unsnap my bra. I am wet and moist with desire. I feel needy for the masculine touch of a man with the helpless desire in thoughts and dreams. I touch myself and my pussy is wet, hot and creamy. I leave the elevator and walk towards your room. I knock lightly and unlock the door. 

You are waiting there naked and let me in. You feel me over my clothes inspecting what path to take. You run your hands up and down all over me. 

I am dripping wet, powerless and submissive to your desires. I bend over the bed leaning on my elbows as you reach under my skirt and feel that I have no panties on. 

You lift my skirt and insert your hard penis into me thrusting up and down. You grab my breasts and fondle my perky nipples. We are going at it like two rabbits in heat – two sexual humans deep in lust and wanton with desire of each other. 

I reach down and grab your testicles; you are even more aroused by my lack of inhibition. 

We are both sighing deliriously and glazed.

You come inside me, relax and then quickly pull off my skirt. You climb on top of me and pull my blouse up and unfasten my bra as you begin sucking my hard nipples. 

You kiss me erotically and move me towards the bed. You feel up and down my warm, strong thighs. You take off my shoes and lean back to put your wet tongue inside my hot pussy. 

I come and as loud as I come, at the same time the hotel bed caves in. 

We laugh with euphoria. 

You move down and suck my clitoris again. 

I come again quickly and erotically. I suck on your penis as you watch. I play with your balls and they are full with desire. 

My hair is pulled back and very sexy. 

I know how you like to watch. I don't want to stop and you are so hard. 

You come in my mouth and I savor your taste.

We take a short nap, then wake up and go at it doggie style. 

You put your finger in my ass while you are penetrating me with your hard cock. 

I'm playing with my pussy and climax while you are still inside me.

My ass is getting so excited. 

I am having spasms. I've never felt this good before. 

You put your finger in my ass again while you continue to drive your hard cock inside my pussy. 

I start having an orgasm stronger than anything I have ever felt. I ask you to pull out because I can't stand the sensation anymore. 

You finish yourself off as I lay used up and fully satisfied on the bed. You squirt your hot cum all over my crack.

I feel intense warmth. I have never felt this good or satisfied before.

We collapse with exhaustion, look at one another then ask each other our names, our last names and what town we are from? We exchange phone numbers. 

The romance ...