 She feels his eyes the second she enters the restaurant foyer. As she waits for her partner to confirm their booking, she scans the restaurant. 

Then she sees "him", seated alone at a table set for one to one side. Their eyes meet and she expects him to turn away when he realizes she's seen him, but he doesn't. Instead he looks straight back at her unblinking, making her turn away.

She looks to her partner, discussing work with a man at the front desk and she looks sideways to find him still looking straight at her. Turning her head to face him, she looks straight back into his black eyes quizzically and raises one eyebrow. They change instantly from their intense stare to sparkling, smiling eyes, also with one eyebrow raised.

Quickly she turns away and looks to her partner once more. Now she's pissed off because he was still talking, as if she weren't even there. She sees a hand appear behind her and an accentuated voice that says, "I'll take that Sir." taking her partners jacket as he continues talking.

She looks back to the single table, but he's gone, and a look of disappointment falls across her face. Then the accentuated voice to her side says, "Can I take your shawl Miss?"

"Yes please." she says distantly as she reaches up to remove it without even looking at the man asking her.

"No please, let me get it," he says.

She looks at the man as he reaches around her to remove the shawl from her shoulders, "Oh my, it's him!!" she realizes.

He moves close to her and she feels his strong hands gently take the shawl from her shoulders, all the while looking into her eyes. Up close, his eyes seem completely black, as if he has huge pupils with no iris, placed against a brilliant white background.

They're smiling again, seductively, making her feel like he's removing more than just the shawl from her shoulders. He's so close as he removes it that she can feel his hot breath against her bare neck. She feels her whole body flush and become hot, as a cool breeze from the air-conditioning blows across her back and shoulders.

She can't tear her gaze from his eyes and she swears she hears him say as he removes the shawl, "Beautiful dress, very sexy, mmmmm."

She doesn't see his lips move though, in fact she realizes that she has no idea what he looks like, just his eyes that scan her from head to toe, making her feel completely naked, as if he has just undressed her. He takes the shawl away to hang it up, gently brushing against her extremely hard and sensitive nipples as he goes.

Then he moves out of her line of sight as she remains fixed in the same spot motionless. She stares ahead blankly, seeing nothing and still feeling naked as she become aware of her aching nipples and the wetness that has developed in her g-string panties.


"Are you feeling alright Miss?" The voice of the waiter jolts her back to reality, "Your table is this way Miss."

She follows the waiter to the table where she sees that her partner is already sitting, still talking to the man he met at the front desk. She sits on the chair that's held out for her by the waiter and realizes that her partner and his friend haven't even noticed her, she turns to see if the man has returned to his table. She sees nobody there, and the table freshly set.

Disappointed and a little frustrated, she turns back to try and look interested in the conversation at her own table. Her partner looks at her as if he's just realized she's with him, smiles awkwardly and says,

"Babe, can I talk to you privately for a moment please?

He gets up and takes her hand, excusing himself to the other man and leading her over to the phones. Angrily she says to him, "Thanks for the introduction, the recognition, when are "we" going to start our dinner?"

He looks excited as he says, "Look babe, this is huge. I heard this guy was going to be here and it's paid off!"

"So we're here because you hoped to see him, not for a romantic dinner?"

"Well no, I mean you see..."

"Fuck you and fuck him, I thought this dinner was for us! I went to a lot of trouble to get this outfit for tonight, and you don't even care!!!" She looks away, tears welling in her eyes, and there he is again. She watches as he walks across the room and enters the door to the rest rooms.

"I'm sorry babe, I promise I'll make it up to you".

"You sure will!" she says. "But right now I need some time to clean up and get myself together. 

"You go get rich and blow your client, I'll come back later. Order something nice and expensive for me for when I return."

"Um, ok babe, thank you so much, I'll introduce you when you get back ok."

"Gee thanks..." she says as she heads for the door to the rest rooms she saw him go through earlier.

She holds her breath as she pushes the door open, then lets it out with a sigh of disappointment as she enter the small and empty furnished foyer to the rest rooms. She expects, hopes to find him here, but he isn't.

She see three doors here, the men's, the ladies and the mother's room. She hears a noise from the mother's room and see the engaged sign on the lock move to vacant. She stands there still, watching the door, but nothing happens.

Tentatively she pushes the door open, "Hello, everything ok?' Anybody here?" No answer, nobody here, oh well, there's a better vanity in here anyway, I'll clean up now."

She locks the door out of habit and goes to the vanity where she empties your purse onto the counter. She cleans the tear smudged makeup from her face with the wipes, then splashes her face with water to freshen it. She tries to turn the hot water on as well, to soak the flannel for her face, but it won't budge. Using all her strength and both hands, she leans over the sink to try and force the tap. Suddenly it gives, sending a torrent of water in and out of the sink

"DAMMIT! MY NEW DRESS!!"

She knows she can't leave it wet and sees the nappy drier in the corner. She decides to hang her dress there so the warm air in it can dry her dress. She slides the tiny straps over her shoulders and allow the dress to drop to her hips. Then she slips it over her long legs and hangs it up. She looks into the large mirror and see herself in the "special" lingerie she'd bought and worn for tonight. She thinks of how her little black dress had barely covered it up, how her partner hadn't even noticed it, yet HE had...

"Just imagine if he'd seen the rest of the package under the dress," she thinks. Her hair is tied up, with carefully placed sexy whisps of hair that hang over her face. Her long slender neck, decorated with a thin leather choker with a ring at the front that could be used to attach a chain to... mmmmm.

She's wearing a small push up bra that doesn't even cover her nipples. The soft material of the dress had constantly caressed them with her every move, making them even more hard and sensitive when "he" brushed across them. They're so hard now as she thinks of "him" and those sexy eyes. She closes your eyes and washes her face with the hot flannel, keeping them closed as she slides it down her neck and then further to her breasts.

She gently rubs the flannel across her breasts, over her sensitive nipples, as she imagines it's his tongue. One hand slides down her stomach, over the thin chain that rests on her hips, past the diamond naval stud and on to the tiny soaked g-string that barely covers her hot shaved pussy. 

Her fingers slip under the band and push down along her soft lips.

She gasps when she feel just how wet she already is. Her fingers slip between the wet lips and she slowly moves them up and down, all the while imagining it's him doing it. Her fingers slide around her sopping pussy, dipping into her wet hole, then moving up to circle her throbbing clit.

Her knees get weak as she caresses her nipples with one hand, while stimulating her clit with the other. She turns around to lean on the counter to maintain her balance. Her movements become more urgent now as she imagines it's his fingers, not hers, that are tweaking her nipples. His fingers that are rubbing her clit between them and sliding down into her wet pussy.

"Oh God... Oh God..." she feels her pussy tighten around her fingers, her cum juices flowing over them. "Yessssssss..." Then she feels his soft lips on hers, his tongue gently probing her mouth. It feels so real that she opens his eyes and,

"Oh my God, there "he" is!" He was there all the time, watching her, MY GOD!!

Without a word, his hand moves to her pussy to replace her own. She feels his thick hard fingers sliding along her wet lips, up and down lubricating them. Her hands reach behind his head, pulling him to her as she uncontrollably bites on his bottom lip. His thick wet fingers slide inside her, causing her to push against them. She rocks against his hand and his fingers slide in up to the hilt. So deep in, then out, almost all the way, sliding over her clit, then in again.

She pulls his face down to her breasts and feels his tongue swirl around them, then his mouth as he sucks on her nipple and flicks it with his tongue. He pushes his tongue flat against her nipple and he slides it back and forth across it. She feels something hard rubbing over her nipple, he has a stud in his tongue!! He moves down onto his knees, licking her all the way down. "Oh God yes...!!"

She reaches down to unclip the clasps on her g-string, they fall away as his mouth reaches her pussy, his thick fingers still stroking inside her. She feels his tongue push hard against her, parting her lips more, sliding across her clit so his stud rubs over it.

"Oh...Oh...Oh... Oh my Go..., I'm gonna... unnnnghhhhh!!" It starts with an explosion in her pussy, followed by aftershocks that ripple out from there to the rest of her body.

"Oh God, I want you so bad. I want you inside me pleeeease!!"

Slowly he stands up and she frantically reaches for his belt, fumbling around until she manages to pull the whole thing off. She can't manage the clip, so he undoes it as she tugs on his zip and tries to push his trousers down over his hips. He pushes her hands away and pulls them down with his boxers.

He stands up and she sees his beautiful cock, pointing out in front of him long and hard and nice and thick. He lifts her up so she sits on the counter and she leans back against the wall. She rests her heels on the bench and reaches down to hold herself open for him. She sees a bead of precum seeping from the eye of his cock as he brings it to her. Teasing, he slides the head around her pussy mixing her juices with his precum.

He speaks at last, "Your pussy is so hot, so wet, mmmmmm, so nice..." he says as she feels the head push against her opening, then easily sliding inside her. He stops there as her pussy contracts around his fat knob. He pushes further and she feels her pussy stretch to accommodate his thickness and she can feel every vein as he slowly slides it half way in and out of her.

"Mmmmmm, so wet, so tight, so smooth..."

"Oh yes my pussy's tight for your thick cock, so hot..."

She savors the sensation of his thick cock with it's fat head as it slides in and out of her. She instinctively starts to tease and play with her own nipples, pulling at them on each of his strokes, but she wants more. She stretches her legs out to his sides as he pumps, then brings her legs back around him, resting her heels on his ass as he slides out. Then she crosses her legs behind his back and pulls him to her with all her might as he pushes in again. She feels the last few inches slide inside her, his thick cock now buried in her to the hilt. His thickness filling her, stretching her, the fat head so deep inside her. Her next climax is instantaneous, her pussy spasming on his thick cock.

"OH FUCK!!" she screams as the intense orgasm rips through her. Her arms stretch out, then reach behind him and slap down on his arse, her nails digging in. "Mmmmm, you're so hot, I love your tight pussy, so soft, so wet, I could fuck you forever."

"Oh God yes, love my pussy, fuck me with your beautiful thick cock, ohhhhh."

"Oh my, you're so beautiful riding my cock, push that pussy down harder, I want to be so deep inside you." "Oh God YESSSS...!!" She pushes harder and feels his balls slap against her as he thrusts harder, faster, pounding into her. 

"Oh yeah..." he says as she feels him begin to swell even more. He pushes hard, grinding into her, she feels the head of his cock at the back of her pussy, rubbing against her most sensitive parts until he finds the one, the one that sends her over the edge. You feel his cock twitching and swelling inside her.

"OH YES, OH YES, CUM WITH ME, CUM WITH ME, OH GOD, YES NOW, I'M CUMMMMMMING...!!"

She feels him explode inside her, the first powerful jet squirts deep as her orgasm hits. Then another jet, keeping her there, shuddering as her pussy grips him, milking every bit out of him. Another and another squirts deep inside her, so much filling her until she feels it seep out as he pumps into her.

"Oh my God again...!" she calls out as another orgasm hits her. His cock twitches as his last jet of cum squirts into her and she holds him tight. After a few moments he slides his semi hard cock out of her and passes her a towel. Then he passes her her warm dry dress, pulls on his trousers, kisses her and leaves.

She sits there a little while longer to recover, then stands up on unsteady legs to clean up and get dressed. She washes herself with the hot flannel and redoes her makeup. She can find everything but her g-string, he must have souvenired it, but she can cope with that.

Clean and fresh now, except for a slight stickiness between her legs that she chooses to keep. "They'll wonder where I've been, I've been gone so long." she thinks as she makes her way back. She sees her partner with the other man, shaking hands and holding his shoulder with the other hand.

"Ahem!!" she says.

"There you are babe. You ok? You look a little flustered."

"I'm ok, I..."

"Good, guess what? I signed the deal with this fine gentleman."

He didn't even want to hear her reply, didn't order for her, didn't even know she was gone. THE PRICK!!!

"Anyway babe, I gotta go with Mr. Thomas to finalize this." 

"Oh really?"

"But don't worry, I have a treat for you. My friend, who arranged this meeting and who owns this place, is happy to give you anything you want here. Then he'll have his driver take you home. Here he comes now, Carlos, thank you so much."

She doesn't even turn around to look at this Carlos she's to have dinner with, she's so pissed off. Her partner kisses her on the cheek, "Thanks so much babe, I'll make it up to you. Thanks Carlos, whatever she wants right!"

"Yes, whatever the lady wants I'll give her." she hears "him" say. She freezes on the spot as her partner leaves. Slowly she turns around and there "he" is, Carlos. He stands there smiling, wearing a beautiful suit with a pocket handkerchief that looks like the same material as her missing g-string.

"Take a seat Miss, I'll give you whatever you want..."