 He was whispering in her ear, Natalie could feel the goosebumps rise across her skin. His touch was warm, and his breath was hot on her neck. Pulling him closer to her body, they were pushed further into the wall; the shelves now digging into her back.

The closet smelled of bleach and dust but with Matt wrapped up between her legs it didn't matter. His large hands lifted her onto a small table and his fingers began tracing the hem of her skirt. Gently he moved higher up her thigh. His warm tracing made her stomach flutter. As she saw his hand disappear under her skirt she tried to hide her excitement by springing towards him and biting his lower lip.

He smelled of pasta and spices, but his cologne was seeping through as well.

Cinnamon. She thought.

Natalie grabbed onto the back of his neck just as he found her panties. The lace was soaked with her elevated expectations. He pulled the fabric aside and found her eager to continue. 

She let out a soft moan as he massaged her mound. She felt the jolts of pleasure begin. It had been so long; seemed like forever since she had been passionately loved like this. 

She found her grasp on his neck begin to lower as his head was falling below her hips and finding his way under her skirt. She spread her legs willingly and sighed as soon as his warm breath hit her. Her senses began firing. His tongue traced around her entrance, she could feel him move in rhythm while her breathing started becoming rapid. He moved his tongue up and down her until a moment of bliss caught her by surprise. She shivered in delight and he froze. He found it. Her pink pearl of ecstasy and he stroked it with his tongue slowly. 

She could feel herself losing control, she wanted to feel the big release. The moment of internal intoxication. She felt herself moisten inside, she needed something more.

"In me. Now." She demanded in a pant and pulled his face up to her head.

Grabbing his other head, she could feel him pressed tightly inside his pants. Unbuttoning him quickly she held his shaft firmly in her grip. Positioning herself perfectly, she slid him inside her. A moan escaped from her mouth unconsciously. 

Matt's passion for slowness suddenly disappeared. It was like a fire was lit around his pelvis and his mind was focused on one thing and one thing only, sex. His grip tightened on her back and he pressed his lips to her chest; biting her neck. Working his way down her torso with his lips, he pumped himself into Natalie's core.

He found his way under the V-neck blouse she wore. She wanted his lips on her, all of her. She pulled up her blouse and silk bra exposing her hard nipples to him. He reached for one. Tickling her senses, she felt complete. He thrusted himself deeper and stronger until she was holding onto a napkin shelf for safety as the wall shook. Quickly with a constant beat he was propelling himself inside her. She could feel every inch of him fully and her mind started clouding with satisfaction. Her wetness gave them plenty to go on as he was easily moving in and out of her opening. She watched his hips gyrating to access her pleasure points.

"Don't. Stop." She said as the bliss started in her toes.

She couldn't hold it back any longer. She grabbed his ass with her legs and started squeezing him tightly. He could feel her cunt begin to tighten and she bit her lip to keep quiet. He thrusted once more, and her fingers dug into the shelf. Her head was stinging with bliss and she felt the invisible paradise surround her.

Her heart was on fire, and her pulse was racing. She held onto him for as long as possible, hoping it would never end. Her desire started dying down, she knew it was his turn to release. She pulled him out of her and jumped to the ground. Just as he was about to object with a painful plea, she turned over to the cold steel table. Grabbing onto it with her hands she opened her legs wide and bend over it, giving him full access to her at his will. His hands grabbed her hips quickly and he mounted her in seconds.

The table was shaking, and her breath was unsteady, but her body was enjoying every single hump he gave her. She could feel her body begin to rise as his rod shined in the dim lighting of the room. It was her proof of enjoyment.

"Harder Matt. Harder." She said as she gripped tightly to the metal shelves.

Her words sent him over the edge and she felt his knees buckle behind her. He leaned over her with his suit tie tickling her back. He slid his hand up her stomach and brought his fingers to her nipples. As he carefully caressed them he sent out his last few pulses.

The rest was quick. There was no more touching after that. She pulled her skirt back down to the appropriate length and fixed her hair to the place it was before.

Matt opened the door to see the walkway was clear and went to the right towards the kitchen. Natalie went left towards the bathroom. Taking a quick glance in the mirror she fixed her lipstick and walked back towards her table.

"You were gone quite a while. What are you ordering? A salad I hope." Her husband's voice was thick with contempt.

"I was thinking of ordering some steak, I've been deprived of a good piece of meat lately, but I've suddenly changed my mind." She said in a hiss, realizing she was still catching her breath.

"You know, I am so tired of your stabs at me. If you don't like what you and I have then do something about it. You can be such a sarcastic little bi-" He was about to insult her further, but was suddenly interrupted.

Cinnamon.

"Hello. My name is Matt, I will be your waiter for the evening. What can I can get for you?" His voice flowed through my veins like fire.