 I'm engaged to Mitch. He's just the hottest guy I've ever known. Tall, good looking, nice sense of humor and he treats me like I'm very special. He's nuts about me and since I'm just as nuts about him I definitely said yes when he asked me to marry him.

He's not the first guy I've had sex with but he's the first that made love to me. And I made love with him, something a little warmer than plain sex but just as horny and even more satisfying. He tells me what a great body I have and how lucky he is that I'm with him and not someone else. I do have a good body. I've seen lots of other girls and I'm built better than almost all of them. Some might have bigger boobs but that almost always means they need a heavy body to support them. Mine are pretty good, a little bigger than anyone I know that's as slim and weighs as little as me. I have a really small waist and my legs have some shape to them, not the long skinny kind that a lot of girls have.

Anyway, my first was in high school. I had this body and and knew I should do something with it. I was very, very interested in guys. I just had to find out what sex was all about. I purposely picked this guy that I've known since kindergarten. He's nice and I could trust him. He also had a great body, wrestled varsity. We learned all about sex with each other. I taught him and he taught me. We didn't date a lot. I mean we went to, like, the dances together when you need a date. But we didn't go to movies or hang out together at school or anything, we just got together and fucked and ate each other a lot. I loved it. Sex, I mean.

He went off to college and I went to the local community college, living at home with my parents. I went almost a year with hardly any sex, just when my first guy came home on holidays. But eventually I found another guy at school and we became what he called 'fuck buddies'. I guess that was accurate because we didn't really date much either. Nobody thought of us as a couple I don't think. But we fucked and ate each other a lot, too.

It's interesting. I really didn't date much at all. Didn't learn all about dating and how to play that game like most girls do. But I had lots and lots of sex. Then I met Mitch. We dated. I didn't plan on misleading him, making him think I was a virgin or anything. But we didn't have sex. He just never made the moves. We went out maybe a half dozen times, once a week, and then we started seeing each other several times a week. And then we had sex. From things he did I'm sure he had been with other girls. From things I did and said, he had to know I'd been with other guys. But we never discussed it. And sex with him was hotter than anything I'd ever known before.

I mean, I'd always loved it. But he wasn't just having sex with me, he wanted me. And I began to realize that I wanted him. I'd always wanted more, this wasn't different that way. But somehow I wanted him even more. I think my vagina developed muscles to pull him into me. I could feel my insides working on his cock like I've never felt before. And when he ate me, it wasn't just to give me an orgasm, it was because he wanted to eat me. He'd try and swallow my whole pussy, suck on it, chew on it with his gums , like he couldn't get enough.

Anyway, we plan on getting married. He's in Iraq right now, in the Army. He's been there almost a year. I haven't had any sex in almost a year. I get wet down there all the time just thinking about how we were together. He's due home in a week. He's going to be here for three months and then go back to a base in the U.S. I've been thinking of renting a room at the airport so when he arrives I can get him in bed right away. But I won't. His parents are going to be there so we probably won't be alone for a couple hours. I darn near have orgasms just thinking about it.

Maybe it's because Mitch has been gone, maybe it would all have happened anyway but I've become nuts about a musician. I mean, I don't even know him. I've seen him on TV and I've heard his music. But he just seems so sexy. On stage he's naked from the waist up and he struts around and shoves his pelvis out. Very, very sexy. I've read about him a lot. I think he picks up groupies every where he plays. So a lot of girls must agree with me and think he's sexy. I get wet down there thinking about him. I know it's nuts. 

Anyway, I'm seeing him tonight. He and his band are an opening act for a really big star and I've got a ticket. There are literally thousands of people here. I'm far back. But I see him and he's even hotter than I ever thought. I'm darn near orgasming just watching him on stage. I imagine that every one of his hip thrusts are aimed at me. I've never felt quite like this before. And then it's over. Stage hands are moving his band's stuff off and starting to set the stage for the main act. I leave.

I'm parked several blocks away. I head around the building and can see down an alley and there's a bus parked. There are maybe twenty or thirty people crowded around. I realize that he, Trent, will be coming out soon. I head into the alley. I stand back a little from the small crowd. My back is almost against the side of the bus. I realize it's almost a huge motor home rather than just a bus. He and his band must travel in this. And then the back door of the arena opens and a few guys come out and then there's Trent. He looks even sexier than he did on the stage. I'm sure I'm on tiptoe watching him. My pussy is getting wet just seeing him. A few people are yelling. I just watch him. 

Right next to me the bus door opens and the band starts coming the twenty feet or so towards the me. Trent is the last one. He signs some autographs. I'm positive he looks and sees me and smiles. He's finally coming right towards me. "Hi, Sexy," he says, grinning and looking right at me, "Want to come with me?" I must nod or something because next thing he's helping me up into the bus, feeling my ass he as he does. "Just head on to the back," he says, walking right behind me, his hand on my waist. I see a half dozen guys and everyone looks at me and just grin as I go by. 

The back of the bus or motor home is a surprisingly large bedroom with a door that closes it from the gang outside. Trent says, "We might as well undress and get comfortable." So we do. His cock, the fourth I've seen up close, is a little thicker than any of the others and perhaps very slightly longer. It more than fills my mouth, stretches my jaws and hits my throat before I can get it completely in. Very, very sexy. A stronger taste to his stuff when he shoots off. He tells me what a great body I have and really goes after me, almost chewing on my boobs and then gnawing away at my pussy. I'm bound to have some marks left but it's really arousing, he goes after me because he loves it all not because he thinks he should. And then he fills me again and lasts and lasts, switching from him on top to doggy to me on top. "You've got a hungry cunt," he tells me, "feels like it's trying to swallow me. I love it."

We then get enough clothes on to make it from the bus into the hotel where the band has several rooms. Naked again we shower, which is very sexy and then he eats me some more before fucking me on and on and on in every position we can think of. He tells me how much he loves fucking me, my cunt really works on him like none ever has before. I guess I'm just really horny, really in need of sex.

He never gets my name. I'm 'sexy' and 'honey'. When he falls asleep early in the morning, I gather my things and leave. As I walk back to my car I'm mentally hugging myself, so happy and content that I've fulfilled my fantasy of being with Trent. It was great. At the same time, I'm wondering about myself. What kind of a slut am I? I'm engaged to Mitch and here I am cheating on him. I argue that I'm not cheating, we never made any promises to each other. We're not married with any vows. I also realize another problem. I might be pregnant. I quit taking birth control pills when Mitch went overseas. I didn't need them or their cost. Besides I always wondered a little if they were healthy or not, had long term side effects. But whatever, with all the sex I just had I could be pregnant. Heck, I might have a disease.

One thought that entered my mind is that in a little over five days, Mitch will be home and I'll have sex with him. He'd never know. If I am pregnant, it could be pregnant from him, not Trent. But I can't do that. The risk is way too great. I'm African-American, black, Mitch is white. I'm very light. There are hispanics darker than me. A friend once compared me to the actress Halle Berry. And that's true except I'm twenty years younger. Maybe not quite as beautiful as her but with a similar great body and caucasian rather than african features. But Trent is black. Very black. Any baby of his wouldn't resemble a white man's baby at all. Doing nothing is way too risky, would cause more trouble in the long run.

I get home, take a shower, eat breakfast and get to the Planned parenthood center as it opens Saturday morning. Within a few hours I have the morning-after, or abortion, pills and a prescription for birth control pills. It's too soon to be sure but it looks as if I didn't pick up any disease. I had to explain that I was on the pill for a couple years and went off it because my boy friend was overseas. Then admit I screwed up and had sex anyway. They understand that. I can't start the birth control pill until the morning-after ones do their work, so I'll probably still be fertile when Mitch comes home. I'll get some condoms. But I know neither of us will want to use them.

With my AA degree I work in accounting at the Department of Water and Power. A good, secure job. I've even moved up a couple steps. I arrange to take the next Friday off with my boss, it'll count as a sick day. Thursday evening Mitch will fly in and I'm assuming we'll spend Friday in bed. I'm getting wet just thinking about being with him again.

Thursday evening, I'm at the airport with Mitch's parents to greet him. I suspect his parents aren't all that happy about Mitch and me but they're at least polite if not overly friendly. And I accept they are his parents and have a right to him even though I know he'd rather be with me. He's coming up the ramp to the waiting area, big and handsome as ever, all smiles. I hang back as he hugs his parents then he grabs me and lifts me off my feet and holds me as we kiss. I whisper in his ear that I want him inside me and he grins and kisses me again. We agree that he'll go home with his parents and then come over to my place.

I take a shower and put on a robe, no other clothes, and wait for him. It's not long, a little over an hour and he's at the door. We're holding each other and kissing. I tell him again that I want him inside me. He carries me into the bedroom and disrobes me, lays me on the bed as he gets his clothes off. He then climbs on, pulls me to him and we kiss again, trading tongues, and he starts kissing my neck, his h ands on my breasts. He kisses on down to taste my breast, suck on a nipple, and then moves his mouth to the other breast as he hand moves to my pussy. He fingers me as he sucks on my breast. As he starts kissing down my stomach, I spread my legs as wide as possible to give him room. 

He gets his mouth to my pussy and goes to work. I bring my knees up almost to my shoulders as his tongue and fingers massage and taste me. He sucks on my clit and as I have a small orgasm I ask him to please fuck me. He slides up over me and starts pushing in. This must be what life is all about, it's the best feeling possible in the world.

Eventually we fuck twice and then take a shower. I get that lovely cock in my mouth and taste his cum and he tastes mine again. I suck him to hardness and we fuck some more. And some more. I end up sitting on him, riding his lovely cock and he almost lifts me off him and turns us around so he can eat me some more and I suck him to another orgasm. Then we just lay together, holding one another and fall asleep. I wake up ahead of him in the morning and get his delicious cock in my mouth, which wakes him, so he 69's with me for awhile and then we turn around and he mounts me and we both cum again. I love it and we have a month ahead of us.

That Friday and the weekend we almost never stop having sex. Obviously, we do stop. We eat some meals. We visit his parents. We talk some. And we eat each other and fuck and fuck and fuck. For the rest of the month, it's not quite as nonstop as it was the first few days. I go to work. He visits old friends and his family. But we have lots and lots of sex. We both sleep naked every night so that we can get at each other. And then he has to go to an Army base for some more training and most likely another tour overseas. Fortunately he's not basic infantry, it should be safer where he's stationed.

I wake up in the middle of the night. My insides are killing me. I've never felt like this before. I live alone in a small apartment. My parents are in a smaller town over an hour away. Whatever I'm going to do, I have to do it myself. I struggle through getting some clothes on and down to my car and barely make it to the hospital emergency room. I have to describe my problem and fill out some paper work. They then get me on what they call a gurney, a cot on wheels, and move be into a cubicle surrounded by drapes. A doctor examines me, I get a shot. He explains that I'm having a miscarriage, a spontaneous abortion he calls it.

I was pregnant? How could it be? I guess I started the birth control pills too soon after the morning after pills. Or maybe I started them too late and our first times together I wasn't protected. Or maybe, something was left over from the morning after pill and it got at the result of Mitch and I getting together. Who knows? The doctor explains that this happens a lot. It doesn't mean I can't get pregnant again. In a few hours, once everything is out of me, I should begin feeling better. By morning I should be back to normal with no residual effects.

Mitch and two other guys rent a house at the base. He's to be there 60 days before shipping out again. His last several days, I take vacation days from work and go visit him in the house he's renting and meet his room mates. It's an old house. Three bedrooms and one bath. The insulation isn't good and I know his room mates can hear us as we go at it. I've never been particularly quiet.

One of his room mates, Jesse, is interesting. He's big. Something like six inches over six feet, red hair. Sort of bashful. I can tell the way he looks at me that he thinks I'm the sexiest creature in the world. Mitch tells me that's so, too. He can't do enough for me, pulls out my chair, holds the door, goes and gets anything I want. A very nice person.

The last day, Mitch and I have sex and I'm sure I was a little loud. It's the last sex for me for a long time. Mitch is headed to Afghanistan. He has to leave at two am to get to the base. I get back in bed, still naked, and fall asleep. Later, I wake up. I'm not sure whether I've slept for an hour or six hours or what. Sort of groggy, I rub my pussy a little, remembering what Mitch and I were doing earlier, and stumble to the bath room, naked. It seems like the middle of the night, I don't expect to meet any one but honestly, I'm not really thinking much, I'm half asleep.

As I enter that bathroom, Jesse is standing there, naked, masturbating, his hand wrapped around the biggest cock I've ever seen. He looks and sees me, naked, and his hand keeps moving. I really can't think or react. My eyes are locked on his huge cock. So I just stand there and watch for a moment.

"I was thinking about you," he says, his hand still moving on his cock.

I just look for a moment before it sinks in. He's thinking of me. "Well, I'm here, you don't have to imagine me," I say back, without thinking. Truth is, I'm horny. Maybe I'm always horny. That big cock is making me even more horny.

He lets go of his cock and steps towards me and puts an arm around me and kneels down a little to kiss my breast. Then he licks it and starts sucking the nipple. I'm really horny.

"You're really big, Jesse," I tell him. "To fit that in me you need to get me pretty wet down there. Do you like the taste of pussy?"

He puts his hands on my waist and lifts me and turns and sits me on the counter, kneels down between my legs and gets his face aimed at my pussy. I spread my legs wide to make room. He goes at me like Mitch does on occasion, like he starving and my pussy is what he wants and needs. I'm cumming. "Put it in me Jesse," I almost yell. "Go slow at first, I've never had anything that big before."

Wow. I've never felt anything like it. It's almost like my first time back in high school. It hurts but it feels so good. He stretches me more than I've ever experienced. "Ooh, that feels so good, keep going Jesse." He pushes in more and more. I've felt filled before but this is for real, more than ever. He's getting in deeper than I've ever experienced. "Fuck me, Jesse. Fuck me with that huge thing." He pulls out a little and then pushes back in, even further than before I think. It feels like he's run out of room in there, he's hitting up against my insides some. Then back out. Wow this is great! I'm getting turned on like I never have before in my life. "Go ahead Jesse, Fuck me, Pound me." I can hear myself moaning and breathing hard and making small scream noises with each of his pushes into me. I love it.

He's cumming. I can feel him spurting warm stuff in me. I'm there too and I yell out loudly. My insides spasm some, I can feel it happening. I put my legs around his butt as much as I can and put my arms around him to hold him inside me. "Jeez, Jesse, that was the best ever," I manage to blurt out, my mouth against his chest. He slowly starts pulling out. I know a flood of stuff will follow so as soon as he's fully out of me I jump down and sit on the toilet. I let it all leak out. Then I pee. I had come into the bathroom to pee to begin with. Jesse stands there and watches. "You don't have to watch," I tell him. "This isn't very sexy, you're discovering that I'm just another human and do these things like every one else."

"You're the absolutely sexiest thing I've ever seen in my life," he replies.

Later on his bed, we're both naked and holding one another. I have my hand on his cock working on it a little to get him hard again. "You've spoiled me, Jesse. After experiencing you I may never be able to go back to a normal sized cock again."

He kisses me. A loving, long kiss. I keep working on his cock. "Well maybe you'll just have to stick with me then, keep getting used to me."

"I have to get back to my life," I tell him. "I have a job. But we certainly can experience each other a little more before I leave. I think I need to feel you in me again." His cock was growing. I leaned back some and down to get a good look at it. I had my hand partly around it and was moving it up and down, masturbating him towards getting fully hard. His cock is big. My hand won't close around it. It's at least as thick as Trents was and maybe a little more. He looks fully up now so I put my other hand to his cock. It's longer than my two hands side by side. I've never had two h ands on a cock and have it extend out even beyond. In my mind I try to guess, my h ands must be three or four inches wide so maybe he's close to ten inches. Not only is it big, it's good looking. Cleaner and whiter. Others are sort of dark and wrinkly or something and his seems all smooth and clean with a big red head at the end.

I lean to it and kiss the head. I lick around a little with my tongue, then turn my head so I can lick up and down the length. I open my mouth as wide as I can and get most of the head into my mouth. I'll never be able to suck this like I have smaller ones. Even if I manage to get it into my mouth, I'll leave three fourths of it out. I move my hand up and down, jerking him off as I lick the head. This is more cock than I ever realized might exist in the world. Very, very sexy.
