 We are in the kitchen cooking dinner, we are behind the kitchen counter and I am on the floor try to find something in the lower cupboard. There is a knock on the door, you can see it is Stephannie and call her in. She is not one of my favourite people, she is taking up too much of your time and ignores me, I still can't forget the comment you made about her blow job, joking or not it still pisses me off. 

She comes up to the breakfast bar, grabs a stool, sits and starts chatting. She is inviting you, not including me to a party she is having. You tell her WE would love to go. I bite you on the leg, I don't want to go to the party, you know I would rather stay in. So Stephannie realises I mustn't be home, no sign of me so she starts her usual flirting. You don't discourage her, nor do you lead her on, you keep chatting, forgetting I am on the floor.

I start to get annoyed. I slide up closer to you and run my hand up your leg, you only have on your boxers, we weren't expecting company. Your voice falters for a second, you continue talking. I slowly move my hand higher, lightly scratch your inner thigh as I go. I reach inside your boxers and touch your balls, rubbing them softly, feeling them move between my fingers. You clear your throat and try to concentrate on the conversation. I feel your cock start to harden a little.

I quietly get between you and the cupboard and kiss your cock through your boxers. I unbutton the fly front on them and pull your cock through. You shift your feet a little, you feel awkward about what I am doing but don't know how to stop me. You drop a hand in front of you casually, but really trying to push my head away. I bite your hand, you pull it away quickly, I continue the attack. I slide you in my mouth and start to suck on you, now I feel you stiffen up.

You glance down at me and I just smile at you, I know I am in for it when she leaves, what the fuck, I don't care. I continue stroking and sucking you, feel you hardening nicely. You are trying so hard to hold your composure. You groan out aloud when I start sucking your balls, you cough to cover it up but I don't let up.

She goes to her bag which is on the lounge and gets her smokes, offers you one, you tell her you don't smoke in the house, but you will join her on the balcony as soon as you handle this cooking on the stove. She leaves for outside and smokes.

You try wrestling me off, but you are really enjoying what I am doing and are anxious for me to finish. I take my time, enjoying you squirm and feeling awkward. You are really getting into it now, holding the bench for support, your eyes close and you throw your head back. You are getting close to the end, urging me to hurry up. No way I am taking my time, I am licking your length and stroking you firmly, going lower and taking your balls into my mouth and rolling them around with my tongue, you love this. You have grabbed me by the hair and holding me close to you, I can feel you getting closer and closer to the edge.

Stephannie has finished her smoke and is making moves on coming back inside. You plead with me to stop. This just makes me mad and I suck harder and increase the pace, I am determined to make you cum and squirm. I grab hold of your butt and dig my nails in, This causes you to push your hips forward and further into my throat, I gag slightly and bang my head on the cupboard, you try to disguise the noise, Stepahannie asks if you are okay? You don't look well, she stares at you, asks if you should sit down, I have most of you in my mouth and throat, moving my head back and forth, sucking as hard as I can, I don't care.

Now you are swaying your hips slightly, Stephannie senses something is going on, you looks at you, and then drops her eyes to your rocking hips, you have sweat forming on your upper lip and your breath is coming hard. She makes her excuses for her departure and leaves quickly, red faced. This is awkward for you, you say your goodbye and the door shuts. I hear you moan and feel you push your hips forward. You have a grip on my hair and hold my head hard on you, little bitch, now you get what's coming. 

You increase your pace, I sense you are about to cum, this is when I normally pull off so you can cum, your not letting me go, swallow bitch, now you get yours........I hear you moan and you throw your head back and jut your hips forward. I feel you cum in my mouth, I try to pull away but your not letting me go. I swallow the first gush, but it keeps coming, I try to move off and catch my breath, you don't let me, I keep swallowing until I almost gag. Then and only then you let my head go, I fall back into the cupboard to catch my breath.

I look up and see you holding onto the bench for support, you look down at me and see your cum smeared over my face, we are both breathless and smile at each other.