 I was in the kitchen making dinner when heard a knock on the door, I stopped chopping my vegetables and turned the heat down on the stove, then grabbed my hand towel and walked out of the kitchen to answer the door. I saw you through the window, you were 45 mins early at least. I smiled I knew you liked to be early for our dates, oh god how the last date we had keeps running through my head...my knees still get weak and my body quivers the more I think about it. 

I opened the door and let you in giving you a long slow tender kiss before you get all the way inside. You have brought me lilies, my favorite flower, and a present wrapped in a bluish purple silken and Lace bow. I remember the last present you gave me...it didn't stay on me long at all. You whisper in my ear to open the box, and I smile up at you a sparkle in my eyes, and I carefully unwrap the box. The contents inside are sexy and I can tell they must have been imported, as you only like the best. You come up behind me and grab hold of my hips as you grind your crotch into my ass, "put it on darling, wear it for me." You say. 

You know I can't say no to you, "There is some chicken on the stove cooking, can you make sure it doesn't burn?", I ask you sweetly. You nod and tell me to hurry. As you make your way to the kitchen flowers in hand, I make my way into my bedroom, I am already moist and wet with anticipation of what is to come. I set the box and it's contents on my bed and I begin to undress, slipping my sweater, and bra off of me, and then my jeans and panties. 

I pick up the beautiful new violet satin panties and slip them on, and next the matching corset instead of hook and eye clasps this one has an old fashioned silken cord laced up the front of it, god it's beautiful. When I finish tying the corset I put on the white silk stockings and I finish off with a pair of white 4inch heels. I pick up my discarded clothing and put it in the hamper and then I head back out to the kitchen to model this new outfit for you. 

As I enter the kitchen I find that the chicken has finished cooking and that the stove is off, you come up from behind me and you pin me against my fridge. "My god you make me so excited, I want to fuck you now..dinner can wait" you say as you start to nibble on my neck. Your hand moves between my thighs from behind, and slowly you have me spread my legs a little, allowing you to rub your hands against my moistening pussy thru the satin fabric of the panties.

I feel you press your already hardened cock up against my ass..and then you bite my teasingly on my neck. My breathing deepens as I feel my pussy dampen further, and my nipples become erect. "I can feel how wet you are, you want me to fuck you don't you." You say, not really a question but more of a statement. "Yes" I manage to say in between my deepening breaths. You take my hand and you lead me into my bedroom, when we enter you get behind me and pull the satin panties down and kiss my firm soft ass as you do this. 

I hear you unzip your pants and I turn around and un button your shirt and take it off of you, I start to reach for your boxers but you grab my wrists and stop me, you push me slowly backwards onto my bed and you tell me to lay down, as you kneel before me and start to kiss and lick my inner thighs. You spread my legs wide open and you can see my pussy's so wet it glistens on my dark curls. Your mouth moves over my pussy tongue seeking out my clit, and your start to flick it wildly over my bundle of nerves, shallow moans escape me. 

You waste no time as you plunge two fingers into my wet pussy and you finger fuck me your tongue occasionally dipping in lapping up my sweet juices. You slowly insert a finger into my ass, slowly moving in and out, I wiggle a little bit in pleasure. You stop for a minute and open up a drawer in the bottom of my nightstand and pull out a couple of my toys, knowing exactly where I keep them from previous times when you've shared my bed. 

You move your mouth and tongue back of my clit, as you insert a dildo in my pussy, lubricating it in my wet juices, slowly you move in and out of me a couple of times making me moan. You pull it out of my pussy and slowly insert the tip into my ass, moving it in and out of me slowly you go in deeper every time, my moans getting a bit louder..you stand up and take your boxers off your rock hard cock, you watch my hungry eyes drink you in, how I want to take you in my mouth and taste you. You lay down on my bed and tell me to sit on your face and suck your cock knowing that I wanted to. 

I move over you, doing just that, dildo still in my ass, your mouth greedily sucking and licking my pussy and clit, as I take you in my mouth, I start to suck on you like a melting popsicle on a hot day. Your cock fills my mouth nicely as I take you in and deep throat you, I hear you moan and start to move your tongue over my clit faster. I move slow and then fast and slow again over you, as I feel your cock throb slightly in my mouth, I start to tease you with my tongue, licking just the tip of your cock, and then I move back down over it again, until you can't take it anymore. 

You tell me to get on my knees and hold on to the head board of my bed as I do this I feel your hard cock plunge deep inside my pussy, I move one hand to my breast and I start to play with my nipple, you take the dildo out of my ass and you lay it some where, your hands move to my hips as you move in and out of my pussy, my moans only excite you more. You start to fuck me harder and faster, sensing I am about to cum as my muscles spasm and tighten around your cock. "I want to feel you cum on my cock," you tell me, as you pull me back on your cock so my back is flush up against your chest, you fill me as deep as you can with your cock as I cum over it, your hands on my breasts kneading them your mouth at the base of my neck kissing and nibbling. 

You have me lay on my back and I wrap my legs around your hips as you sick your cock back in my dripping pussy, you fuck me hard and fast cries of pleasure fill your ears. Your mouth moves over one of my bared breasts and you start to suck on it, licking and nipping as you go, making my back arch up against you in sheer delight ecstasy. You slowly down our rhythm and you slide your cock out of my pussy and slowly into my ass, I gasp as your cock is bigger than the dildo you used on me.

You move in and out of me slowly, and gently, taking great care to make sure I enjoy this with you. I you move my leg up and over your shoulders, and you start to move a little faster and deeper. I move one hand to my clit and start to play with it...you smile as you listen to my moans of pleasure, and start to move in a steady rhythm in and out of me. I push two of my fingers deep inside of my pussy as my thumb continues to work over my clit. I start to quiver, and I feel your hands tighten around my hips I feel you cum inside of me just before I cum again. You slowly pull out of my ass and move my legs to either side of you and you lean over and kiss me deeply, and as you do you tell me that this is only the beginning of the weekend you have in store for me.

Mischief dances in my eyes as we head to the bathroom to clean up before dinner...that is if we ever make it to dinner...