 If you haven't read my previous adventures, well, what's wrong with you? My name's Paula Oort, I have 38DD boobs, am more than moderately attractive, and I love sex. All kinds! I've been taking time to put some of my adventures into story form, since my friends and lovers have encouraged it - but mostly because I love showing off. I like to know that my words are getting the blood flowing on all sorts of cocks, and perhaps the juices flowing on some pussy as well. They get me going again - so far, every story I've written down has had to be interrupted numerous times while I stop to relieve the need to cum! Here's hoping this one will work out as well.

In between college - where most of my adventures so far have occurred - and today, some twelve years later, I've continued to explore my sexual nature. One of the things that I read about in stories on Literotica (a free website filled with erotica from many people about many topics) was glory holes. A lot of stories there seemed to come from the point of view of men who had discovered them, and in some cases decided to use the anonymity factor to experiment with cock sucking. Still other stories dealt with husbands using them to expose their wives to others in the relative safety of the locked room with the hole in the wall. And, of course, there were variations on those and other themes.

At first I wasn't particularly interested. Partially because a lot of what I enjoyed about fellatio was watching the faces of the men as I sucked them to orgasm. I loved the expressions on their faces and how they would change over time. At least that's what I told myself, since I was generally open to anything regarding sex. Almost anything. Glory holes were in the almost category. 

A year or so after graduating from college, I was living on my own in suburban New Jersey. I normally wouldn't have picked that location, except the job I landed was ready to promote me if I moved and took over their branch office there. Once I arrived, I realized that I knew too much about the state from TV, movies and comedians, and not enough based on my own experiences. That didn't sit well - have you gotten a sense that I'm a demon for independence yet? - and so I began to explore. I go out in the evenings and find a new restaurant or bar. I'd travel to historic locations and began to find myself fascinated by the history of the state. To say nothing of the surprising nature of nature. The place was growing on me. 

One of the things I noticed (remember my basic interest?) was the number of adult bookstores, theaters and the like. There seemed to be at least one in every town with more than three traffic lights and two gas stations. (Okay, that's probably an exaggeration, but I'm also one trying for the laughs.) At some point, the sheer number of them caught my attention. As did a need for novelty, as I had grown rather familiar with all my toys, and it seemed to take longer and longer to get off using them. 

Thus, I began a rather informal survey of the adult stores. When I first began, it seemed that they were primarily selling magazines. I remember shelves and shelves of them, divided by categories, wrapped in cellophane, and showing ever more explicit pictures. The kinds that began to interest me, as evidenced by how wet I got. And there wasn't really any rhyme or reason about what would excite me on any given day. I built up a growing library of porn magazines. My favorites tended to be those with both pictures and stories. Sometime they were synchronized - that is, the photos reflected the story line - and other times they were just segmented. I think it's where I originally got the idea about writing my own material, frankly. 

Those bookstores (since that's what they were at the beginning) were also home to volumes of paperback porn. Remember, the internet wasn't always with us - many people used to actually hold books and read them! And some of them were very arousing. And inspiring. They would do when I was between available partners. 

Of course, don't forget the toys! The one thing that's changed for the better since then has been that prices for them have come down while the realism factor had gone up. I still remember finding one particular store that had the most amazing collection of insert able items I ever saw! One entire wall was devoted to toys for butts. They ranged from inch-long mini-cocks to things like looked like traffic cones! For the butt? I couldn't imagine some of the more extreme examples, but when I did decide to indulge and expand my anal horizons, that was the store I chose for the twelve-inch black tube I take out every once in a while and work into my ass. Never had anything approach it, including the biggest real dicks I've been with. After I've finished a session with it I am left feeling that you could drive a truck into my ass! 

Not only are there phallic objects for my vaj, there are innumerable vibrating and buzzing toys to be applied to those other special locations. I have vibrators that attach to my nipples, freeing up my hands for other things, vibrators that I can wear all day pressing up against my clit and more. Yes, I have my Magic Wand - nothing beats it - but it's not exactly portable. I still fondly remember one weekend when I was snowed in and spent hours devoted to my own enjoyment of my body - I think I was still vibrating when I walked back into work the following Monday. I wonder if it's worth telling you about that weekend. We'll see. 

Anyway, before I get too far off-track, there was another feature of the adult stores that made them different - the video booths. Again, prior to the internet and free videos on your phone or your watch or your google glasses, adult stores sold - or rented - adult videos. They were the Blockbuster of porn. If you don't get the reference, google it, okay?

That was a very eye-opening aspect of my growth and development. I remember one afternoon, staring at the list of titles that could be viewed on the ten channels of one particularly sleazy establishment in Atlantic City. And it was a truly varied menu, ranging from a couple of straight one-on-one movies to an interracial flick, two gang bang films, two lesbian features, two gay male movies and another one or two. (They blur together nowadays, so my count may be off.) And if I got a handful of tokens I could go into a booth and watch whatever I wanted. That made it easy for me to get change and go in. 

It was sleazy. No question. The room smelled like come. I saw wadded up tissues on the floor and was careful what I touched and where I sat. But when I ignored that and put my money in, I had a smorgasboard of sex to pick from. I wasn't naïve - as you know - so it wasn't that there was anything new, but something about even the familiar made them especially arousing. I watched until the tokens ran out, and rubbed out at least two orgasms during that time. I suppose I added to the smell in the room, but at least I didn't leave any evidence behind. I left that store knowing that I would continued my exploration else where at another time. 

Some time soon after that, I read another "trip to the adult bookstore time at the glory hole" story and it took on an entirely new dimension for me. I had been to one. Sat in a booth. Did it have a hole in it and was I oblivious? Or was the whole idea literary fiction? I now had a mission - find one for myself. I mean, why not? I already liked sucking cock. Frankly, there wasn't much I didn't like. Maybe it was time to push my own envelope. 

It wasn't too much later until I walked into the ABS close to where I was living. It was summertime, so I was in a sun dress. A pretty short one, as I recall. The ABS was a place I thought I knew, but I hadn't ever gone into the theatre part. Ever the adventurer, I changed a ten-dollar bill for tokens and stepped inside the curtains that separated the video section from the storefront. Again, they had a glass cases with scenes and titles from the different selections being show. Categorically it was much the same, but now it wasn't the content that interested me. I walked through the area, pressing doors that were closed so I could see inside. Those that were locked I made a note to come back to. 

It turns out my method wasn't fool proof. One door opened to reveal an older man, naked, with a small cock in his hand. I backed out without saying a word - let him deal with it, I thought. But then I opened one door and saw one, I walked in, locked the door behind me and fed a few tokens in the slot. Sitting down I could see that the other room was already occupied and bent forward to see what was there. I stopped when I hand reached through and seemed to beckon me. It took a moment - but that's when I realized the dude on the other side thought I had a dick and was there to get off. Ha!

I ignored his hand and his gesturing. I pictured a video with a white girl in a room with a dozen naked, erect men and gave it my full attention. At some point I noticed a change in the lighting on the opposite side of the hole and then I heard the door open and close. I got a little nervous but that disappeared as I paid attention to the action on screen until there was that change of lighting and the booth next door was again occupied.

I felt a tingle in my pussy. The idea of just sucking a stranger's dick for no other reason than because it presented itself was surprisingly exciting. I bent forward to look through the hole and saw the jeans-clad legs of a standing man. I bent a little lower and could see that his fly was open by the way the pants were arranged, but couldn't see his cock. I knew what to do - I poked fingers through the hole and did a come-hither gesture. I saw his body begin to turn and I drew back just a bit as he positioned his dick in the hole. The light from the screen let me see it - and it seemed very tiny!

I realize that up until now, in all of my escapades, I hadn't encountered small dicks. I had grown used to 8 inches of hard cock (or better) and here I was, with perhaps 5 inches in front of my face. It was a moment's hesitation, and then I bent forward and stuck out my tongue. It had all the characteristics of every other dick I had encountered - it was just smaller. I realized that that meant I could encompass all of it in my mouth and not have to worry about my throat and my gag reflex (which, although it had been greatly diminished, would still rear its head from time to time). So I began to pay good attention to all the details of the cock. I spent time just working on the glans. I used my tongue to work on the frenum. And I pressed my lips tightly around it as I took it all in my mouth. 

For the first time as a cock sucker, I was comfortable. I didn't have to worry about gagging if he pushed too deep - a pretty constant concern with some of the big guys I'd fucked - and so I could really explore all the surfaces of the hot meat in my mouth. 

Not for long, however, since it couldn't have been more than two minutes before he started cumming in my mouth. I swallowed as fast as I could and kept sucking until nothing more emerged, and then he withdrew his cock and began to zip up. I heard a whispered "thank you" and then his door opened and he left. I tried to evaluate the whole thing - what was it that seemed to attract so much attention? I didn't know - but I wasn't ready to leave just yet. I enjoyed that although it wasn't all that arousing for me. A little. But nothing earth-shattering. 

While I was puzzling out my experience, the door next door opened again and someone entered. I heard the coins drop into the machine and once again bent to see what was there. As I did I encountered a pair of eyes - something I hadn't counted on. 

"Damn. Didn't expect to see a woman. But you're going to like what I have for you." His voice was mostly whispered but a trace of deep bass was heard as well. Again I heard the zipper and saw the motion of the legs. As he put his cock into my booth, I gasped. He was big. Not just in comparison to my previous encounter - but in his own right as well. He had put about a foot of cock into my space - a cock that drooped under it's own weight. While he wasn't hard and erect, he was thick and swollen. I reached out to touch it with both hands, and then brought my lips to it. All I could do at first was lick it like an ice cream cone. As I did I left saliva on it and used that to lubricate my hands. 

Now this cock did arouse me. I felt myself get wet. I found myself wanting to please the owner of this massive tool. I opened my mouth and buried the head in my mouth. I might get a couple of inches in at most, so I figured I better use my hands to provide the kind of stimulation that was needed. Soon I was stroking him up and down, using different motions with each hand as I bobbed my head on it. I tried to push him into my throat but failed. I didn't know if it was because he still wasn't completely erect or he was just too big. Whatever the reason, I was attached to this beast and resolved to drain his balls. 

"Mmmmm" I moaned. "You've got one monster cock. Do you know how to use it, or is it all up to me?"

"You want to find out? I've never had any complaints, you know."

I was as wet as I could remember, but decided to be smart. I'd just blow him, and get his phone number. (Hey, I had ten-dollars' worth of tokens - not quarters! I had promised myself I'd use them all.) 

"Here's what I want for now." I said as I opened my mouth wide and got the head of his big dick into my throat. I held it there, getting used to it, all the while continuing to run both hands up and around and down on the rest of what I couldn't swallow.  

"Oh shit! That's amazing! Oh you are so good at what you do!"

I pulled off his now soaking dick. "I know that. Big cock is worth practicing for - that's why I'm here." 

And then I went back to jamming his hot, fat monster down my throat. I adjusted the angle of my neck and mouth and got him even further into my throat. I was determined to make this man remember this blow job for a long time. My hands were flying up and down his shaft, and I was bobbing my head faster and faster. I wished that I had another hand so I could play with my clit, but I gave him both hands and my head. 

"Oh, yes. I'm gonna cum. I'm gonna cum. Any minute now. YES!"

I felt his balls pull up, and then felt the throbbing of his big dick even before the searing hot ropes of cum began to go down my throat. I pulled back to feel his cum fill my mouth, hot and salty and slightly sweet. I swallowed as fast as I could, but could feel a few drops on my chin. And still he kept cumming, his spurts slowing down until they stopped. 

"Oh, girl you are amazing. You sure you don't want to feel this monster elsewhere?"

"Give me your name and phone number. I just may want more of it. I'm Paula, by the way." His cock disappeared from the hole. I heard him fumble for something, and then a business card came through. 

"I'm Jared. My cell number and email address are on the back. I'd love to get with you in a more personal and private scene. Call me and you won't regret it. I promise."

"All right, Jared. You'll be hearing from me. Now free up that booth for my next man."

He chuckled as he opened the door and left. I sat back on my heels, and removed my panties. I pulled the top of that sundress down under my boobs; my nipples were stiff and aching. I reached under my dress and pushed my panties aside and inserted two fingers in my now sopping slit. I used my thumb on my clit and was building up speed when two things happened.

First, the booth went dark. Shit! I hated to let go of my pussy, but I needed to fish out more tokens. I had about five dollars left, so I put them all in. The video resumed. I flipped through the channels until I found one of a well endowed blonde, busily fucking herself with a big dildo. From the look in her eyes, she was either a real actress or she was getting off and allowing herself to be filmed. Something about that thought hit a nerve - like maybe I would want that. My hand crept back under my skirt and resumed my manual stimulation. 

Second, the booth next door was once again occupied. As I was nearing an orgasm I saw a pair of eyes taking in my boobs, so I arched my back. That was evidently enough, because suddenly a hard cock came through the hole. I managed to move up to it, where I discovered it was uncircumcised, a pretty good size and not yet hard. Right up my alley!

I bent forward, leaving my hand in my pussy. I reached out with my tongue to work it under the skin that covered the head. The cock began to stiffen. I closed my eyes and just began exploring that thin piece of skin, working my tongue under it and inside it. I felt the smooth head of his cock on the back of my tongue, and the thin foreskin on the top of it. I was fascinated by the sensations of it. I used my free hand to begin stroking him from the base up, and that sped up his erection. Pretty soon I had a good eight inches of cock hard as a rock, and I decided I would keep my hands to myself (on my boobs and in my pussy) and just be a mouth vacuum. When I opened my throat and took him all the way in, my head pressed up against the wall, I heard him gasp. That was music to my ears.

I pulled off his cock. 

"You can fuck my face. Please fuck my face with your big cock." 

I surprised myself, but hell, that's really what I wanted. I dove down on his dick again, pressed my head against the wall and felt him begin to pull back until the head was in my mouth. He left it there and I used my mouth and tongue on it. Then he began to push himself back into my face. He drove his cock as deep as he could, held it there while I swallowed around it, and then pulled back again. This time he didn't wait - he pushed right back. He was now beginning to get into it, and he would pull back and push forward, picking up speed and using my mouth. On my part, I was finger fucking my pussy as fast as I could, twisting the nipples of my boobs, and just planting my head to let him fuck it. I felt his rhythm start to change - the first sign that he was getting close. Then he moaned and shoved his dick as far into my face as he could, and I felt the thrumming and pulsing of his cock as he spewed his cum down my throat. I felt my own orgasm hit as he kept cumming. It was all I could do to keep from biting down - instead I just held my head still and swam in the sensations at both ends. It was amazing!

He eventually stopped cumming, although my orgasm was continuing - any motion of my hand in my cunt set off another wave a pleasure - and pulled back to his side of the wall. I got a whispered "thank you" as he hurried out of the booth. I reluctantly removed my hand from my pussy and pulled my dress back up over my boobs. I sat back on the chair in the room and noticed that the bimbo on screen was still playing with herself - only now she had toys in both her ass and pussy, and was holding a magic wand to her clit. Tears were streaming down her face as she too was orgasming. 

I don't know what happened, but there were no more occupants in the next booth until my tokens ran out, at which point I stood up, unlocked the door and left the store. I drove home, flushed with endorphins and still wet between my legs. When I got home I put that business card in my bedroom, got myself naked, got out my butt plug, my Jeff Stryker dildo and my Magic Wand, and spent the next hour making myself insanely happy. 

And yes, I did call that number on the card some time after that. But that's another story!