 Mike and Jen knew each other for quite a few years, now. In fact, they dated several years ago, but it never worked out between them. From that time to present, their "relationship" was a rollercoaster of feelings and emotions. But that was about to change.

They both realized the one thing they had in common was sex. Since neither one was dating, they decided to take advantage of their needs, by getting together whenever either one felt the need. Agreeing to keep it each other "happy" couldn't have been more beneficial to the both of them. One particular night was more than either had expected!

Mike had called Jen on a Saturday afternoon, just to say hi and see if she was free for dinner. She had no plans, and was more than receptive to the idea! For the next two hours, he decided to make things a little interesting by texting her cell phone with comment loaded with sexual innuendo. 

This got both of them "charged" up for their dinner date, needless to say. In her preparation, she decided to surprise him and shaved her pussy clean, albeit a small little patch of hair, neatly trimmed. As he later found out, this explained the longer delays in her responses.

He came by her place to pick her up. He was dressed in black dress pants with a midnight blue dress shirt. Jen welcomed him wearing a very teasing black party dress. If he caught her in the right light, it almost seemed that he could see through her dress. This caused a stirring in his pants that he was trying to fight throughout the evening.

During dinner, the teasing continued, just face-to-face. He, then, gave her a small gift box with a bow.

"What's this? I thought we agreed no gifts!" she said to him.

"Oh, don't worry. This is more for the both of us, but you're going to love it. I guarantee!" he snickered back. 

She opened the box and looked inside. Her eyes grew wide and she began to smile. He gave her a vibrating butterfly with straps so she could wear it – but there was no control attached.

"Go to the bathroom and put it on!" he whispered. "You're gonna love dessert!" He winked at her, as he held a wireless remote in his hand.

She couldn't get to the bathroom fast enough. She returned shortly afterwards giggling like a little schoolgirl. Their waitress had arrived at the same time with their dessert that he ordered while she was gone.

"I hope I'm wearing it the right way. I've never put one of these things on," she said to him.

"We'll find out soon enough, won't we," he answered back.

She waited in anticipation, but didn't know when she'd get her first "buzz" from her new little toy. She quickly found out, as she put a bite of her chocolate mousse into her mouth. She squealed slightly as her mouth closed on her food. He kept the intensity low to start and left it on for a few moments. As she began to squirm, he turned it off.

She looked at him with a slightly hazed look, but she was grinning. She took another bite, hoping for some more, but there was nothing. When she took her third, he buzzed her again, this time with the control on medium. She squealed even louder, right when the waitress approached to ask how the dessert was.

"This is the best dessert I've ever had," she panted. 

"I'm glad to hear that. Can I get you anything else?"

Jen groaned a little as Mike had turned the control to full blast!

"I think you can just bring our check," he said to the waitress. "Everything was just fantastic, right honey?"

"Oohhh, god yeah!" She could barely sit in her seat without writhing around.

He turned off the little toy as he paid the check, just to let Jen catch her breath.

"Oh my god, Mike. You're a sick little boy! But I loved it!" she said as she leaned over to him. She reached down to grab his crotch and noticed how hard he already was.

"It's a good thing I'm wearing black pants tonight. That's all I can tell ya," he joked back to her.

The ride home was almost longer than either one could handle. He would turn the control on full blast anytime they pulled up next to someone at a red light. She was so horny at this point, she didn't even care. While they drove she'd lean over and stroke his cock through his pants.

"Hey, do you want me to get us into an accident before we get back to your house? Just lean the seat back and enjoy the rest of the ride home, ok?" he said to her. Who was she to argue?

She hiked her skirt up and reclined the seat. He turned the toy back on and reached over to press the butterfly against her clit. It was then that he noticed how excited she really was. Her panties were completely soaked! He pressed his fingers against her. She brought her hand down on top of his and started to move it around in small little circles. Her hips slowly started to grind against his touch, with the vibration driving her crazy. She began to moan louder and louder until she screamed her first orgasm of the night.

It was only 2 more blocks to her house, and she was starting to reach her second orgasm.

"Wait .... Wait .... Wait .... I'm almost, gonna ...oh god, I'm gonna cum again!" she panted.

He parked in her drive way and shut the lights off. A couple minutes later, she reached her 2nd orgasm.

"Shall we go inside?" he asked her.

Once she could catch her breath, reached for her purse and tried to step out of the car without saying anything. He quickly followed her to the front door of the house. As she reached for her keys, he turned the remote on again. She dropped her keys from the initial shock. This one she never expected!

"FINE, you open the door!"

He laughed and reached for her keys. He left the toy buzzing in her crotch as he began to unlock the door. At the same time, she reached down to unzip his pants and grabbed his hard cock in her hand. She pulled him out just as he opened the door, just in time as someone was walking down the sidewalk.

He practically pushed her through the door while she stroked him slowly but firmly. The door closed behind them. She quickly turned around and pulled her skirt up. She moved close to him, placing his cock between her legs so he could experience the vibrations of her new "friend"! They kissed deeply as they struggled to start removing each other's clothes. 

He started to grind against her and her toy, the vibrating butterfly exciting him more and more. She quickly backed away from him and dropped to her knees. She took his cock into her waiting mouth. She inhaled as much as she could, not wasting anytime with teasing like she had done in the past. She had his pants unbuttoned and down to his ankles in no time. The only time she removed her mouth from his cock was when she pulled his boxers down. She began to bob her head on his cock while he stepped out of his pants. 

He leaned back against the wall for support, as she stroked him with her hand while she licked down the shaft to his shaved balls. She loved that he did that! She knew that he loved that and didn't stop when he asked her to.

"You're going to make me cum right now, if you don't stop!"

"I want you to cum! I want to swallow your cum right down my throat!" she grunted back at him, almost animalistic! She went back to sucking on his balls as she stroked him faster and faster.

"I'm gonna cum!" he said loudly.

She could tell as his legs started to tighten up. She quickly moved her mouth back to the head of his cock, swirling her tongue around the sensitive tip. She stroked faster and faster until he released in her mouth. She opened her mouth wider so he could watch as she swallowed every drop. She sucked him dry as she climaxed one more time from the butterfly.

She stood up after she was done. They kissed again, snaking their tongues into each other's mouths. He could taste himself on her tongue and breath, but he didn't care. He never did. He picked her up and carried her toward the couch in the living room. He finished removing the rest of her clothing except for her thigh-high nylons and shoes. He noticed that the butterfly wasn't vibrating any longer, and figured they just wore out the battery on the first try! She sat on the edge of the couch and leaned back. He sat on the floor spreading her legs in front of him. He quickly buried his face into her soaking pussy, licking around her lips and clit. 

He loved eating pussy, even better than getting blowjobs. He couldn't get enough of the scent and flavor of the woman he was pleasing!

It didn't take her long to respond to his oral talents. She was already sensitive from earlier, and would climax more times that evening – she already knew that! He licked her pussy all around, stopping to pump his tongue in and out on occasion. He would return to swirling his tongue around, tonguing the alphabet all around. She loved that, and he knew it. He eventually settled on her swollen and sensitive clit as he inserted two fingers into her. He licked and sucked on her clit as he fucked her with his fingers with a fevered pitch. 

"Oh my god, you're going to make me cum again!" she said, breathing deeply! She grabbed the back of his head forcing his mouth hard against her clit as he sucked and licked even more. Her body shook as she reached her hardest orgasm yet! As she orgasmed, she released his head, giving him the signal to back off. She then grabbed his hand and pulled his fingers in as far as they would go. With his palm up, he wiggled his fingers massaging her g-spot. She quickly reached another orgasm, although this was different from her others. She was hyperventilating from her climax, almost causing her to pass out!

He removed his fingers after she came back down and gathered her senses. His fingers were covered in her secretions and licked them clean.

"I need you to fuck me right now! Are you ready?" she said quietly while breathing heavy.

"I don't think it ever went down!" he said, as he moved up. He placed the head of his cock at her lips. He rubbed his cock around her pussy to make it nice and wet, then thrust himself into her in one move. He slowly withdrew almost all the way out, then thrust his cock into her again. He repeated this several more times until she grabbed his hips to steady his pace. 

"I need you to fuck me hard and fast! You know how I like it!" she practically demanded.

"Yeah, I know how you like it!" he said with a sly grin, as he completely pulled out of her. He quickly puller her up and turned her around as she knelt on the couch. He positioned himself behind her and plunged his cock into her wet pussy from behind. He began to fuck her harder and faster. He could feel her fingers playing with her clit. The view was almost too much for him to take, but he knew he had to keep going. He'd slow down and then stop every time he thought he was going to explode. He didn't want this to end. When he stopped she'd reach further back and massage his balls.

He slowly began to pump his cock again. Then he moved faster and faster as her fingers frantically worked her clit towards another orgasm.

"I'm going to cum again," she said, "but..."

"I know what you need for help," not letting her finish, as he slipped the thumb of his left hand into her ass. Having both her holes occupied was more than she could take and she climaxed with a scream. Her pussy tightened up around him so much, he couldn't hold on much longer.

"I'm gonna cum, too. Where would you like it?" he asked, short of breath.

"Cum all over me, I don't care!"

He pulled out of her, and stroked himself, as she turned to sit in front of him. She rubbed her tits and pinched her nipples. He aimed his cock at her ample breasts. With one hand on her shoulder, he shot his 2nd load of the night, covering both her breasts. She continued stroking and squeezing his cock, making sure that every drop came out, dripping all over her. He rubbed his own cum all over tits as she sucked and licked the tip of his cock.

After they caught their breath, they moved to the bathroom and showered together to clean up. They retired to her bedroom, where they started up again. More positions and more toys took up the rest of their night. Neither one of the slept until the sun came up the following morning!