 My wife Elaine has a work friend Susan, she is not bad looking she is very tall at 5'7" and slender, to hazard a guess I would say 115lbs; she has a flat 32A chest, and has almost no bum at all. She does make up for it with long sexy legs and nice long brown hair and a pretty face, oval in shape and very proportionate. Physically, I would say that she is a close match to Keira Knightly in the first Pirates of the Caribbean movie in almost every aspect. She also has a sex appeal that was hard to pin point. This was of course until we got together for dinner one night, Susan and her husband Frank as well as Elaine and I, this was the second time that I had seen her and the first that I met Frank, so I was certainly on my best behavior.

We sat around shooting the breeze and having a few drinks before dinner, all of us on our best behavior, however from some of the comments from Susan it was clear that she has a dirty mind and is very open sexually. It wasn't until after dinner that it truly came to light after a few more drinks, when all of our guards were stating to be lowered and the sense of familiarity was kicking in. 

"So Elaine, do you enjoy sucking cock?" Susan, which I now know was just being Susan straight out asked "I personally love it, and I know that Frank enjoys it too." she continued.

Elaine and I are by no means prudes but we are not used to speaking so openly about sex, Elaine began to blush instantly. Susan had a chuckle at this, but turned her attention to me "Do I like to get my cock sucked?"

I did not know how to answer and turned to Elaine for some sought of guidance, "I am asking you not Elaine." Susan cut me off with a laugh. 

I must stress that at no point did either Elaine or I fell uncomfortable, in fact we felt a connection to the two of them and felt at ease. "Well yes I do, however Elaine doesn't satisfy me quite as much as I would like." I spoke honestly 

Both Susan and Frank turned to Elaine looking for some answers, "Well Mr. fancy pants, I play by the rule of you give and you get, and well I don't get any so I don't give any!" Elaine shot back 

"Well that is a shock, I love to eat pussy." Frank was shocked.

"Yes, he does enjoy it, and he is really good at it too" Susan chimed in with a huge grin on her face.

I was now starting to feel odd, as the tones in their voices had changed slightly. I think they picked up on this apprehension as the conversation was changed. We continued to drink and talk well into the night, eventually the conversation swung around to sex again. 

"You know that if you went down on Elaine then she would return the favor" Susan was the one to bring the conversation back around to sex. 

"You know that I really do love to suck cock? It is out of principle that I don't!" Elaine by this point was a little tipsy and lose lipped and she added to the conversation. 

This was a shock to me; I thought Elaine did not like it. All attention was squarely on me, and I was getting quite hot and flustered. It must have been evident when Susan asked if I needed another drink, I nodded and both Elaine and Susan left for the kitchen, I was more then a little relieved by this release of the pressure. 

"So have you and Elaine ever thought about swinging?" Frank asked with a smile starting to grow on his face.

I have never really given it any thought, but I liked were he was going, all night I was finding it hard to keep my eyes of Susan. She was wearing a tight pair of tight jeans and a cropped white top that showed off her taught stomach and the jeans being so tight managed to show Susan's ass, and while small was fairly round. 

"How would you feel about me and Elaine going into one room leaving you and Susan in another?" I sat there as Frank continued to talk. 

"Of course, if things go ahead, it will be at the pace that people want. There is no pressure to do anything. What do you say? Just let me tell you though, Susan is a real pro at head jobs!" Not a second latter the girls retuned we could hear them giggling as they walked the hall.

Susan was caring a handful of shot glasses while Elaine was holding a bottle of tequila. While this was not the drink I expected them to return with it was a welcome sight after what Frank had just proposed to me. 

"Guess what hun?" Elaine asked in a high pitched rather excited tone. 

"Susan as said that there is a spare room that we can crash in for the night." She continued before I could even get a response in. Once she finished she turned to Susan and they both giggled. 

This could possible be my imagination but it seemed that they may have had the same discussion in the kitchen, and it was not until I turned to Frank and caught him winking to Susan that I realized that it was the case.

"It is up to you, I am having fun so I wouldn't mind." I responded to Elaine as we had a shot of tequila. 

We were now sitting around a table Elaine was to my left and to her left was Frank and to his left was Susan with me to her left. We were chatting and drinking shots, the conversation had moved from fellatio. Susan however ensured that the conversation was still on sex, she shared her fantasy

"I would love to make an amateur film with Frank" She said with Frank nodding along.

"Mine is two women and me" Frank added to the conversation.

"Me too Frank, me too" I agreed with him. 

"Bloody typical male pigs you two!" Both Susan and Elaine shoot back.

"So Elaine, what about you, what tickles your fancy?" Susan turned and asked Elaine.

"Well I used to fantasies about my old high school English teacher, I would play a scenario that I would walk into the teachers lounge and we would embrace." Elaine answered the question without answering the question.

The conversation then swung to hot teachers that we have had, all four of us went to different schools so we had plenty of teachers to talk about. 

"So what about if you could get with any celebrity or known figure, which would you chose?" Susan asked the group.

"I would like to sleep with the usual suspects of Brad Pitt and George Clooney, either together or one at a time." Susan started the conversation giggling.

"Oh yeah me too, maybe add Matt Damon as well!" Elaine added with mush excitement. 

"Three letters JLH, oh I think she is hot!" I quickly chimed in with my preference, although the list was much longer then that.

"Natalie Portman, she is the one for me." Frank confessed

"Nice choice, I would not knock her back, I would also love to fuck Keira Knightly" I added.

"People have commented that I look like Keira Knightly, do you think I look like her?" Susan stopped and turned to me sounding rather series.

I was put on the spot and could not think. Susan then started to giggle 

"Just messing with you" Susan reassured me.

"So, what do you think? Do you think that she looks like Keira?" Elaine then turned and trying not to smile she asked.

"Well, I guess I can see the similarities then between you and Keira" Being a little more and liberal I thought that this was a good a chance as any. I turned to Susan and looked at her, Susan then stood up and slowly turned around, I eyed her up and down. 

"So does this mean you want to quote fuck me then like you do Keira?" As Susan sat back down she asked very jokingly. 

"You have the same appeal as she does. You can take that however you want." I tried to be diplomatic as I answered.

"Sounds like he wants to sleep with your wife Frank" Elaine commented to.

"Not to worry Elaine, I would look after you if that were the case" Frank 

Susan and I sat there and watched as the two of them kissed, and even though it was semi planned it was still a shock. What was more a shock was when I felt a hand on my crotch; I turned to see Susan looking at me with her hand rubbing me. My cock was growing; Susan then unzipped me fly and slipped her hand in removing my cock from my pants and boxer shorts. She continued to rub and my cock grew larger, I leant in and kissed her, I could taste the tequila as our tongues danced around. Susan then swung my chair around so that I was facing her and had my back to Elaine. We continued to kiss, my hands now rubbing her breasts, I could feel that she was not wearing a bra as her nipples grew under my massage. I heard Frank and Elaine as they got up and left the room. Susan's hand was stocking my cock now and it felt amazing. 

"I would love to experience these almost world famous head jobs" I requested as I stood up and lowered my pants.

"Oh yes, I thought you would never ask. I would be pleased to show you that I am that good!" Susan nodded and responded in a very energetic fatter of fact style.

She got on her knees and started to suck my balls while her hand was still slowly gliding up and down my now very erect shaft. I let out several moans as Susan sucked one ball then the other, well it was more kissing then sucking at this point. Susan then with her free hand cupped my balls and pulled them lightly towards her then she started to really suck them. I thought I was going to cum right there and then. The sensation of getting my balls sucked was one that I had never felt before. Susan then looked up at me, all I could see was one eye, I could tell that she knew what she was doing and even more evident was the fact that she enjoyed it was much as I did. 

"Are you ready?" Susan asked as she pulled away.

"Ready for what?" I was dumbfounded and had no idea what I was supposed to be ready for.

Without responding Susan went back to sucking my balls then she let out a low groan. The vibrations was more then I could handle I let out a deep groan and it felt as if I were going to orgasm right there and I felt the pressure build but Susan stopped before I could cum. As suddenly as she started she stopped, she also stood up and removed her top exposing her budding breasts, they sat high and firm, her nipples a rose pink, puffy and erect.

I sat there looking at her breasts in complete wonderment as Susan removed her pants. Her pussy was completely shaved clean and her lips were very tight making for a very small and tight looking pussy. Elaine too shaves her pussy but it does not look as tight as this one. Susan then propped herself on the table and spread her legs. 

"If you want me to continue to pleasure you, you will have to pleasure me." Susan remarked as she spread her legs on the table.

Her pussy looked so inviting that I wanted to eat it without the promise of a favor returned. I moved around so that now I was sitting directly in front of her. Susan then lifted her long slender legs and placed them on my shoulders. Her smooth legs felt nice on my bare shoulders and neck, I could also smell the aroma of her sweet juices. Now I must stress at this point that it is not a case that I don't like to eat pussy, it is more that I don't think I am good at it and this lack of confidence is what stops me, however faced with someone who I have no emotional attachment to I feel more free and at ease to try new things. With that in mind I began to kiss the inner thighs of Susan, she let out a few small giggles as I worked my down. I was now less then 2 inches away and I flicked my tongue out and it brushed against her lips. The sweet taste danced on the tip of my tongue. Susan hooked her legs down my back pulling me closer as she lay on her back on the table, I took my cue and instantly started to suck and lick at her pussy. I drove my tongue as deep as I could inside her tight folds and flicked it about; Susan was let out little moans as I did this. Susan then sat up and with her fingers she parted her lips and rubbed her clit, at this point this was the first time that I had ever seen one , I do however know that that is the female 'G Spot' and without hesitation I flicked my tongue against it. The moan that Susan let out told me that I was on to something and I continued to focus my attention on this little spot. Susan lay back down but as I flicked the bud again and again she wriggled around and twisted slightly. She did not stop moaning. With new found confidence I inserted a finger while I continued to lick her clit, Susan stopped moaning and I thought I did something wrong and I started to remove my finger.

"Keep fingering my tight cunt, oh god don't stop eating me out!" Susan demanded

Her dirty talk excited me more and I continued to slowly pump my finger in and out while still sucking her clit, between the moans Susan asked for more, I pushed my finger in further and picked up the pace. Susan still wanted more. I placed my thumb over her anus, knowing that Elaine likes this I tried it I slipped the bare tip inside her anus while I pushed my finger deeper in her pussy and sucked her clit. 

"Oh fuck. Fuck, I am cumming, oh god don't stop!" Susan let out a higher pitched moan and I felt her pussy tighten. 

I obliged her and continued doing what I was doing. Susan's breath was short and fast then a deep moan escaped her and her pussy muscles let go. I knew that she had just had an orgasm I did not let up and she continued to moan and groan. Susan then sat up; this forced my hand away which in turn pushed my face away.

"Well, that was not bad at all." Susan looked down and with a huge smile on her face told me that I was not bad at all as she leaned down, I stood up and we shared a kiss, Susan swirled her tongue around mine lapping the taste of her own juices. She also grabbed at my now swollen cock and slowly stroked it as we kissed. I did not want to stop kissing her but I also wanted a famous blow job, and so I was torn.

Susan made my decision as she slid off the table and onto her knees, I stood up and my cock was directly in front of her again. She again cupped my balls but this time she slipped the tip of my cock just inside her mouth, the warm saliva felt good, she swirled her tongue around the tip a few times, by this stage I was leaking pre-cum which she lapped up with each swirl. With her hand on my balls she rolled them around and then without any warming she twisted her head slightly and engulfed my shaft, I do not know if it was the twisting motion or the fact that I rarely get head but the sensation was amazing. Susan reversed the motion then repeated it sucking harder with each pass. Susan looked up at me as she was doing this and her long dark eyelashes and deep blue eyes gave her an innocent look which made the sensation feel slightly more dirty and erotic. Susan built up quite a motion as she bobbed up and down on my member, taking it deeper and deeper each time. It was not long until she had my shaft to the hilt. I watched as my shaft slipped into her mouth and slowly disappeared. I slipped my hands on the back of her head and pushed slightly,

"Suck my cock, you dirty bitch!" I talked dirty to her, 

"You love to suck cock don't you? You're such a dirty girl, you love sucking cock!" I continued, Susan simply moaned, which sent a shock wave up my shaft to the tip.

I could feel the pressure building in my sack as she continued to play with it, and the dirty talk and humming did not ease my pressure I knew that it would not be long. My heart rate picked up and my breathing became shallow and rapid, I was nearing orgasm. 

"I want to feel your cum spurt over my face, that's it shoot your load all over me!" Susan almost ordered me as she pulled my cock out of her mouth and stroked it. 

I did not need a second request, Elaine never lets me do it, my balls unloaded and shot rope after rope of cum out, it splashed her face and chin, this was the biggest orgasm I had ever had and rope after rope continued to shot until it was little more then a drizzle dropping straight on to her face. Once I was done I wished that I had a camera handy to take a picture of her face absolutely covered in cum. I was amazed that I was able to produce so much. Susan sat on her knees looking up at me and smiled.  

"My god that was more then I expected, I am proud I was able to help produce so much. Please pass me a towel from the sink, so I can clean up." Susan remarked as I grabbed a towel.

Susan wiped up but was still not done yet, she took my cock again started to suck from the hilt up. When she was done my cock was completely clean, and was now half limp and half erect and it was growing instead of shrinking. I was glad, while the head job was absolutely amazing, I now had the desire to fuck Susan and feel those tight pussy muscles contract around my shaft, while I emptied my load deep in her.

"You're not done yet, I still need to be fucked good and proper, and that was more the starter!" Susan smiled as she said this as she began to stock my cock.

Hearing those words my cock grew in her hand, Susan's smile grew too. We embraced in a kiss, I could taste the salty residue of my own cum as it swirled around my mouth, her face too felt sclitky from the cum residue. When we finished kissing, I wiped my face and Susan wiped her face again. 

Susan then leant over the table giving me a view of her small but round ass, I moved in closer the tip of my cock was at the entrance to her pussy. I rubbed my cock against it and could feel the moisture. It must have felt good on Susan because she let out a few sighs. Susan then rocked back and my cock slipped in her pussy, I also helped feed it in, her pussy was tight and felt great around my cock. I slowly fucked Susan back and forth, her pussy was contracting around my cock and I was not sure how long I was going to last.

"Oh yeah, that feels good oh god fuck me harder, I want to feel your balls slap!" Susan ordered me to fuck her harder, and I obliged and thrust harder into her pussy. 

"Oooohh that is the spot, fuck yeah!" Susan let out a loud moan and her pussy contracted around my cock, I could tell that Susan was in the midst of another orgasm as she continued to moan and wriggle, her pussy muscles contracted tight around my shaft and I was not far from completion myself. 

"Fuck, I am going to cum!" I started to tell Susan 

"Cum in my cunt deep and hard!" Susan looked at me and told me to fill her with my seed. 

Her dirty talk was more then I could handle my balls tightened and I shot more cum out, this time deep into Susan, she continued to rock back and forth draining the last drops. When I was done, I withdrew my limp cock with ease. Semen began to dribble from Susan and pool on the table; this was one of the most eroclit sights that I had seen. Susan and I sat there for a moment and regained our breath and composure. Once our breathing slowed to a normal rate we could hear the faint moans of Elaine and grunting of Frank. I was getting horny again seeing Susan sit in a pool of cum while hearing Elaine being fucked by another man. Susan too was getting excited; her nipples were growing harder and becoming very prominent. I wanted desperately to get another erection so I could fuck her some more, but the fact that I had two orgasms as well as being slightly intoxicated still inhibited my ability. However I did not want to disappoint Susan and I was feeling rather adventures.

I got down on my knees and started to lick Susan's thighs, I could taste my own semen for only the second time in my life. I lapped it up and moved closer to her pussy, with a new sense of pride in my ability I started to suck and eat out Susan. She loved it as she screamed and let out rather loud moans, I was not sure if she was trying to compete with Elaine until Susan looked down at me and told me that Frank refuses to do this, I now felt great, I was doing something new to Susan that she loved, I continued doing what I was doing, Susan kept giving me words of encouragement. 

Susan was nearing orgasm again, this time I stopped; I wanted to prolong the sensation. Susan begged me to continue, I refused, I rolled her over onto her belly, and with out asking for permission I parted her ass checked and slipped my tongue in between them, I lightly lashed my tongue at her anus, it was a lot more pungent then I expected, Susan however loved it which drove me to continue. 
