 Terry could hear her children laughing and yelling over at the neighbor's house as she prepared dinner. Her husband would be home any minute, and she was hoping to get a few minutes alone with him before the kids were finished playing. After a full day alone with the kids she always needed some adult conversation before she tackled the dinnertime rush. She put the ribs on a plate with the basting brush and barbecue sauce and stuck everything in the fridge on a tray so that it would be all ready to go out to the barbecue. Putting on some music, she began to relax for the first time all day. It had been a long day at home with their three kids, and she was looking forward to a few minutes to unwind a bit before the dinner rush. 

Hearing Dave's car pull into the driveway, she took a final look around the kitchen to see if there was anything else that needed doing. Happy with what she had accomplished, she heard her husband say something to Susan from next door, and then he came through the back door. 

"How was your day sweetie?" she asked. 

"Really good," he said. "I got the project finished, and it looks like I may even get a bonus out of it. I'm in a great mood." 

She stepped into his arms for a hug, and sighed as she felt his arms go around her. Even though they'd been married for five years the feel of his strong chest against hers and his arms around her never failed to make her feel safe and loved. She looked up at his well-known face and was struck again by how attractive she found him. He might not be the handsomest guy in the world, but after 3 kids and 8 years of marriage he still rarely failed to excite her. She put her hands in his jeans pockets and pulled him closer, loving the feel of his strength. 

As he looked down into her dark brown eyes she could feel him press closer, turned on by the feel of her body against his as well as the look of love in her eyes. 

"What did you say to Susan?" she asked. 

"Oh, I arranged for her to keep the kids for another hour or so" he replied with a grin. 

"And did you have anything in mind for that hour?" 

"Hmmm" he smiled, beginning to kiss her neck. 

She arched her body towards him, feeling the familiar wetness begin between her legs. She felt him gather up her hair in his hands, pulling her head back further and running his tongue from her ear down to her collarbone. She gasped as the sensation rushed from her neck directly down to her groin, making her feel weak in the knees. They staggered backwards until she could just rest the cheeks of her ass on the kitchen counter. 

"I like that" she murmured as he traced her collarbone with his tongue. 

"Really?" he asked. "What else do you like?" 

"You know," she said. "We have time, and no kids for at least an hour. Let's take advantage of it." 

Smiling broadly, he turned her around so that her hands were resting on the counter with her back towards him. He bent forward and kissed her behind one ear as he pressed his body against her. She could feel his stiffness through his jeans, but one of the rules in their familiar game was that she couldn't use her hands. Rubbing her ass against his erection, she smiled as she felt his hands drop to her breasts. 

"I think this shirt is in the way," he said as he rubbed his palms over her throbbing nipples. He reached down and pulled her t-shirt over her head, leaving her breasts exposed. Taking one hard brown nipple between his thumb and forefinger he began to roll it gently, pressing himself against her as she began to moan. 

He dropped the other hand and began to trace the waistband of her jeans, running his finger lightly from her hip to her belly button and back again. She shifted her stance so that her legs were spread further apart, and gave a small groan at the sensation of his hand on her nipple mingled with the feel of his fingers so close and yet so far from her now dripping pussy. 

He reached around in front of her, unbuttoned her pants, and then slowly slid the zipper down. She groaned as he reached inside her pants and ran the palm of his hand over her underwear, pressing firmly but not yet lingering on her throbbing clit. 

"Please, please" she begged. 

"What do you want?" he asked. 

"I want you inside of me now" she said. "I don't want to wait anymore." 

He slid her jeans down to her ankles, but left her sopping underwear on. Kneeling behind her, he began to kiss the backs of her knees as he kneaded the cheeks of her ass. She felt his hands move towards the aching center of her desire as he ran his tongue slowly up the back of her thigh. She reached down to pull her underwear off, and gasped with surprise when he grabbed her wrist in a firm grasp and held it behind her back. 

"What are you doing?" he asked. "Aren't your hands supposed to be on the counter?"

"But I want you so badly" she whimpered. 

"I see someone has to learn patience," he said. 

He turned her around so that she was facing him, and then left her standing there while he went to the fridge. Not letting her see what was hidden behind his back in one hand, he brought a chair from the table and set it in front of her. 

"Close your eyes" he said. "No, wait a minute. This is even better." 

Twirling her t-shirt into a rope he fastened it over her eyes so that she couldn't see. Effectively blinded, she stood there trembling as she felt his hand stroke her nipple. Suddenly she gasped as she felt a line of cold drop onto the top of her rounded breast. 

"What's that?" she asked as she felt it slide down to the end of her nipple. 

It was cold, and left a thick trail on her skin. She moaned as his tongue followed the trail to her large areole and traced it gently. He didn't say anything as his mouth fastened onto her breast, engorging her nipple even further. At the same time, she felt a shock as he inserted a finger into her pussy. Her knees almost buckled as she let out a groan. The sensations seemed to be magnified because she couldn't tell what he was going to do next. His strong mouth pulling on her nipple combined with his finger searching up inside of her felt like an explosion was going to happen. She could feel her thigh muscles begin to clench as his finger twisted inside of her. 

"Patience," he said softly as she began to buck and moan. 

She groaned in frustration as she suddenly felt his mouth taken away from her breast. She felt his other hand grab her ass as he dropped to his knees. Still with his finger up her dripping cunt, she felt his mouth fasten onto her pulsating clit as she pushed herself into his face. Twisting his finger inside of her as he sucked on her clit sent her over the edge as she came in great bursting waves that seemed to burst from her head down to her toes. She sank to her knees on the floor to catch her breath as she heard him slide down the zipper of his jeans. 

She could imagine his jeans sliding down over his slim hips, exposing the throbbing cock beneath. She could see every inch of it in her mind- she'd had it in her mouth so many times that she knew it almost as well as she did her own body. From the weight of his heavy balls to the veins along the side of the shaft to the sensitive place under his head, she loved every inch of it. 

His hands roughly grabbed her hair as he positioned himself in front of her. Even though she couldn't see, she could feel his throbbing cock against her cheek. Turning her head, she took his cock into her mouth and felt rather than heard him inhale as she made her lips into an O and slowly ran her head from tip to base. She speeded up as he pulled her closer and closer to him, running her tongue along the underside of his cock until she felt him tense beneath her. 

She felt his hot breath on her neck as he lifted her and turned her so that her stomach was resting against the counter and her legs spread slightly behind her. She sighed softly in anticipation when she felt the head of his cock slide between her legs, rubbing the underside of her clit as he stroked up and down. He dropped to his knees behind her as she pushed herself backwards searching for him, and ran his whole hand along her sopping wet cunt. Focusing on the hand on her pussy, she was surprised to find his other hand on the small of her back. He bent forward and gently kissed her rounded ass cheek, making her tingle with anticipation. As his one hand slowly worked her clit sending her into a frenzy of impatience he circled his tongue closer and closer to her quivering asshole. He held her down on the counter as his tongue slowly explored the hidden crevices, running his tongue across and around it as his hot breath warmed her. Spreading her legs she tried to impale herself on his wandering hand as she pressed her ass back into his face, welcoming the touch of his tongue as he tried to enter her with it. He brought his hand soaking with her juices away from her sopping wet cunt and wiped her ass hard with it, leaving a sticky trail and moistening the outside of her wrinkled hole. 

She felt him reach behind her on to the counter, and then something cold and hard pressed against her pussy. He slowly slipped it inside her dripping warmth, moving it inch by inch inside of her as he rotated it. She moved backwards, impaling herself on it and groaning with pleasure as he slowly fucked her. Enjoying the sensation of the coldness inside of her, she heard wet sounds and knew that he was covering his cock with something but couldn't imagine what. He brought his now slippery cock to her asshole and slowly ran it around the outside, continuing to fuck her slowly as she moaned and squirmed. She pressed herself back on his cock, wanting it all inside of her. She bent forward and supported her head with her hands as she felt him slowly enter her ass, pausing for a few seconds inside the rim to let her get used to the sensation. She relaxed and opened herself to him, feeling the hard drive of his cock as he pushed himself all of the way inside of her, pressing the object in her pussy deeper and deeper as she moaned beneath him. As she felt herself relax she could feel him go deeper, excited by her opening warmth. 

Grabbing at her shoulders, he held them as she pushed herself against him, wanting nothing more than all of him. As he drove himself into her she could feel her cunt starting to contract as he moved more quickly in and out. 

"Oh, fuck me" she finally groaned, as he pulled her back into him. He drove into her until she could feel herself explode against the cold hardness in her cunt and his hot driving cock reaming her in and out. She felt him collapse against her as he shot his hot cum into her ass, filling her with the sticky juices as she pressed into him as hard as she could. They stood there for a minute with his head on her shoulder while he kissed her neck, until he disentangled himself and removed her blindfold. 

She looked down and laughed. Sticking out of her was the basting brush. He'd taken the tray out of the fridge and inserted the cold plastic handle inside of her. Looking down, she noticed tell tale streaks of barbecue sauce on her breast. 

"Hmm," she said. "Maybe we should order Chinese tonight?"