 My girlfriend had asked me to go out for dinner, and she had something she wanted to tell me. This did not sound good, but from the look on her face I was more puzzled then worried. She said she would make the reservations and let me know when and where. This struck me as odd since I had always made the dinner plans, but she insisted! I agreed and then she kissed me very deeply and strong! My dick got hard instantly, and she knew it, sliding her hand down and gripping my cock through my pants. This brought an evil grin to her face. 

She said, " Save this, you'll need it." 

And she left. I was a bit annoyed but then I knew her game and was ready for it, so I thought. 

We had been seeing each other for about eight months and things were progressing very well, I thought. We were very compatible together, seemed to be in tune with each other also, and had the best sex ever. But there was something about her that seemed a mystery, and that was what drew me too her. 

Jill called and told me that we had reservations at the Carlton Club for 8:00 PM. She asked me to be there early and have a few drinks. I did not think anything of this because she knew I was always late. 

I worked my schedule so I would not be late and was able to arrive at the club just after 6 PM and headed to the bar. After ordering a drink I took a quick look around the bar. Mostly business men having a few after work and some couples waiting for their tables. I settled in and enjoyed my drink. An hour had passed and I had a few drinks and was waiting for Jill to show up. It was then I saw a stunning redhead walk into the bar. Of coarse I am going to look, I'm not dead! 

She was dressed to kill and very hot. Long flowing red hair with a dress that showed her assets very well, and she had them! She walked into the place as if she owed it, and at that moment she did, all eyes were on here. It was then I was taken by surprise, she took a seat one away from mine, the seat between use was empty. The bartender was there in a flash, took her order and was back even faster. 

I politely said, "hello" and she nodded then went back to her drink.

I thought to myself that someone was going to have fun tonight. This woman was here to have her man and have him good. 

I sat and watched her in the bar mirror for some time. She looked around the room as if sizing up the men. I had to laugh and she must have seen me. 

That's when she turned toward me and asked, " do you find something amusing?" 

I stammered a "no" but that did not help. 

She went on, " I have seen you watching me and I think you want to fuck me!" She could see the shock in my face. My dick rose and I told her, "I would very much like to fuck you but I am meeting someone soon."

She then moved closer to me and whispered into my ear, "I will meet you in the woman's bathroom in two minutes," and walked away. 

What to do, go to her or wait for Jill? My lust took over, I went to the Ladies room to find the redhead. I knocked on the door and she opened it, grabbing my hand she lead me to a stall and locked the door. We were enraged with passion, kissing and pulling clothes off in a frenzy. This woman was cock starved and went for me like mad. I had bared here breasts and gripping them firmly I guest them to be 38 dd. She slurped my cock till I was ready to pop, then I pulled out. I wanted to taste her goods. I dropped down and stuffed my face into her pussy to find it very wet and sweet. As I lapped away at her clit her breathing got faster. She gripped my hair with both hands and pulled me in tighter as she gushed her juice in my mouth and over my face. This turned me on so much I was ready to cum right then. 

She calmed a bit before pulling my face away and I could see the large smile on her face. She pulled me up and licked my face clean of her cum. She knew I need to cum and did not waste time making me wait. She sucked me in her hot lips and gripped my sac until I blasted a huge load in her mouth, the pulled off and let the next shot splatter her tits. She licked her self and me clean then were dressed and she checked the room for me to leave. We never spoke a word. 

I went to the men's room to clean up and wash before heading back to the bar. Checking the time I saw it was 7:50 as I made my way to the bar. I quickly ordered a drink as the bartended smiled at me knowing what was going on. No longer had he sat my drink down Jill showed up. Giving me a big hug and deep kiss. 

Then she said, "um, you taste good." I thought the bartender was going to choke. Jill ordered a drink and we had the normal pleasant conversation about our day at work. By now Jill had two drinks down and started her third when our table was ready. 

We sat and ordered dinner. As we talked I had forgotten that Jill had told me she had something to tell me, maybe it was I had been so wildly distracted earlier. 

It was then she asked, "You have not asked me about what I wanted to tell you, did you forget?" 

I thought fast and replied, " No, I just thought you would tell me when you were ready." She smiled and nodded. 

She started to tell me that as we both knew each other had seen other people during the time we had been seeing each other, and she was ok with that, we have always been up front and honest with it. Now I was really worried, she found someone else and is dumping me! Jill went on explaining that she has been sleeping with someone that has made her very happy and has fulfilled her in a ways that I could not. I am not saying that you have not satisfied me, because you have, and then some! This made me feel better to a point, but I was still getting dumped. Jill went on to say she was not leaving me and never planned to, but she invited her other friend to join us for dinner. My mouth dropped open and she could see the shock on my face. 

The waiter arrived and Jill ordered more drinks and asked to make mine a double. 

She then looked at me and said, " I am going home with you and we are fucking all night, If you are not to tired." This brought a smile to my face as did Jill's hand on my crotch. Jill kissed me and left for the bathroom. My mind was a blur, what was going on? Jill still loves me but there is someone else and we are having dinner with them and I just had sex with a woman in the bathroom. What am I going to do? I downed my drink as the waiter came back with the new order. I asked him to bring me another, I think I may need it. He raised an eyebrow and left. 

I sat there wondering why Jill was taking so long, and realizing it and only been a few short minutes. I looked around the room looking for the woman with red hair, hoping she had left. I was nervous waiting for Jill's return. When I saw Jill walk toward our table I had a breath of relief.

Jill sat down and seeing the look on my face she knew I was nervous. She leaned toward me and kissed so soft and caring that my worries melted away. As she pulled away I could see the love and trust in her eyes that I had seen all along. Then as she pulled away, I saw her eyes look behind me and a smile come across her face. She seemed to glow by the site of whom she saw. 

Before I could turn to look Jill's friend is by her side and they are kissing. I sat there in shock, for two reasons. First: Jill's friend is a woman. Second: The woman is the redhead I had sex with in the bathroom.

I sat there with my mouth gaped open in shock. My girl friend is seeing another woman! And I just had sex with the same woman in the bathroom. Oh hell, did she tell Jill, I'm sure she did, what now? I was in a complete panic and they both knew it. 

The redhead sat down and Jill looked at me and said ,"Honey, this is Rhonda." I sat there not knowing what to say. 

Then Rhonda spoke, saying, "Yes, We already met, in the bathroom, and he is as good as you told me." I was stunned and the shock on my face made them both laugh. 

The waiter arrived to take our orders and as the girls ordered I looked at them in turn to try to understand this and was at a loss. When it was time for me to order I was completely unsure of what I wanted. It was then that Jill spoke up and ordered for me. Oysters on the half shell, sea bass and a salad. The waiter looked at me and I just nodded. As the waiter left the girls looked at me and grinned. 

Then Jill said, "Your in for some surprises!" I did not know what to think. I sat there with a glazed look in my eyes.

Both Jill and Rhonda were sitting on either side of me and it was then I felt their hands on my knee's and working upward. I finally gathered my thoughts and courage to ask them their intentions. 

When they felt my rising attention, I asked them, "So what plans have you made for me?" They both looked at me then each other and smiled. 

Rhonda spoke up and said, "After dinner you will do as we tell you!" By the look in her eyes I was in for some major fun times.

Dinner went on with out much ado, the girls chatted and we ate and had more drinks. I did not have much to say, and when I did interject they looked at me and said, "save your strength." They were in control at this point.

We finished dinner and it was going on ten thirty . When we went to leave, 

I asked, "So just how are we getting home?" 

Jill looked at me and said, "in your car, we both took a cab."

I told her, "I was too buzzed to drive." 

She said, "I will drive". 

We got to the car and I got into the back seat thinking Rhonda would get in front with Jill, but Rhonda climbed in back with me. As Jill pulled away Rhonda pulled here top off and flopped her tits out rubbing them in to my face. Then she reached down to my pants and undid my belt and zipper. My cock sprang out to greet her. As buzzed as I was, I just went for it and gripped her tits rolling her nipples with my fingers. She wrapped her had around my cock and stroked it slowly. She then started licking and sucking the head of my cock as it hardened in her hand. 

It was then I heard Jill say, "don't let him cum yet, we need to get him home first." Rhonda took my whole cock down her throat then pulled off with a smacking sound from her lips. She then pushed me down on the seat and pulling up her skirt she planted here wet pussy on my face and fucked my face. She was so wet I was soaked in a second. Pushing my tongue deep into her she let out a moan. It was not long before she was pumping my face and I could hear her screams even with her legs aside my head. Her orgasm washed over her like a flood, and that was what I got, a flood of her cum as she had a wet orgasm on my face. 

Rhonda slide off just as we pulled into my garage, she was panting for breath as was I. Jill shut off the car and climbed over the seat and started licking Rhonda's goo off my face and tonguing me. Then she turned to Rhonda and kissed her, swapping tongues. I was enjoying the show, but I too wanted to cum. Then they both bolted from the car and into the house leaving me there with my pants down and a hard on. I pulled up my pants and went in the house to find them. 

When I got inside I could hear them upstairs. I went to the kitchen and whipped up a batch of margaritas. As I neared the room I could hear the girls moaning. I opened the door, the lights were dim but I could see they were going at it sixty-nine on each other. I was ready to play!