 We've been eating dinner at a very nice restaurant I've taken you to; wonderful sexy food...oysters on the half shell, rare boeuf avec champignon, small rack of ribs...and wine...lots of wine...You're in your short black dress...looking dangerous...firm and sexy...and with the one thing I like best - no panties. While we've been eating, I've been running fingers lightly up the inside of your thighs, hiking your skirt up to your hips, just feeling the hot wetness of your shaven slit. running my fingers lightly up that slit, feeling your swollen wet lips, lingering over your clit just poking through. My thick cock has been hard for the entire meal, dripping precum into my pants...

The oysters arrive first, a huge bowl, steaming hot succulent steam...I can tell you are in love with them...your eyes take on a wicked gleam as you reach for the first one...scooping it up in your fingers...holding it high above your lips, the flesh of the oyster slipping sliding around in the shell, your eyes sparkling as you smile at me, your mouth opening, the oyster poised over your lips and, then...sloosh...! thick, slick oyster flesh, slithering out its shell, your lips forming a cup under the shell, letting it ooze out into your mouth, sliding over your tongue down your throat, your tongue darting all dark pink to lap up the clear sour/sweet juices, watching me as your tongue runs up and down the empty shell, watching me as your tongue caresses your juice coated lips, smiling as I moan slightly, your tongue disappearing slowly back into your mouth...

The ribs...flesh torn from bone, flesh sucked from bone, savored...licked...flesh held in your mouth, head tossed back, flesh warm and crisp peeled from the bone with long slim fingers, red nails scraping fat slicked bone... eyes never leaving mine....eyes flickering watching me as your warm pink tongue scrapes at the stripped bone, like a she-wolf lapping rich greasy fat from the carcass of a fresh kill...eyes glittering as you slide white bone into your mouth, mouth sucking, suckling the marrow, fingers slick with grease, sliding the bone lingeringly, slowly in and out of your mouth...eyes narrow...smouldering, lidded eyes...

A wolfish grin on your face, tearing into beef so rare...almost dripping with blood... white gleaming teeth tearing off chunks, swallowing them whole...red lips stained slick with grease, thick red tongue flicking out, lapping at the juices smearing your chin, tongue circling your lips, tongue stained with animal flesh... 

My fingers, all wet and slimey...catching your eye, running my tongue over and under each finger, licking the grease, thinking of your pussy all wet and slick, thinking of my tongue lapping at the juices oozing out of your cunt...licking at the bone, thinking of your clit. my tongue, flicking at your hard swollen clit, flicking at your rosebud...all soft and throbbing and yielding...mmmmmmm...oh yeahhhhhhh!...licking the juices on the beef...thinking of your pussy-flesh, all soft and warm and wet...my cock, stretched against my thigh...ooooooooooo I can feel it...hot and thick, burning into my thigh...leaking warm dribbles of precum...precum sliding down my thigh...hungry to be free, aching to bury itself like a hot knife into your oozing buttery love-hole....! Ooooooooo DAMN, the tingling in my cockhead, like a sweet itch I want, I need to scratch...the urge to squeeze that twitching purple mushroom, to ease the tension...my fingers slide! down over my shaft, grabbing my cockhead, pinching it, pressing it into my leg, rubbing it into my leg...!

...Hurriedly, not even finishing the meal, we finally leave the restaurant; both of us filled with sexual heat, throwing too much money on the table, your leg almost knocking the table over in your hurry...

Beside the car, you open the passenger door, and go to slide in and I open my zipper to free my watering cock for your mouth to suck me...my cock standing proud and hard, begging you moaning and saying oh yahhhh, ahhhhhhh, suck me bitch, suck me make me cum and you sit down on the seat, pulling my throbbing twitching cock into your mouth, sucking me up and down, faster, faster until I cum shotting hot and hardr into your mouth and yur face and in the car, and people are watching us, and I am groaning, grunting, not caring whether they are watching us...until you slump back, cock grease dribbling down your chin, and you lick up the cum coating my cockhead, lick the scum off the back of the car seat, lick the beads of white goo off my pant-leg...I bend down to kiss you, my tongue licking the cum on your lips, sucking into my mouth, saying mmmmmmmmm tastes soooo sweet...tasting my cum sliding around on your tongue, sucking! my cum back into my own mouth, swallowing it, dizzy with the sweet/sour taste of my own cum, and I push you back onto the seat, your legs spreading open, my still hard cum and saliva soaked shaft sliding into your buttery cunt, riding it hard...oh mannnnnnn! your head swivelling back and forth moaning oh yeahhhh ahhhhh yeahhhh fuck me, cum inside me, damnnnnnn fuckkkkkkking shitttttt!! 

And I am cumming inside your pussy and you are yelling; yeahhhhhh, fuckkkkk that feels great, cum in me, baby...cummmmm in meeeeeeee!!!

We drive to our hotel room. Hands all over each other the whole way...your hand gripping my thigh, squeezing it, caressing it, sliding down between my legs, stroking my cock, caressing my cock jammed into my pant leg....my pant leg stained with precum oozing out hard and hot and wet... my hand between your legs, your thighs gripping it, squeezing it, pushing it into your hot wet mound...your hips bucking and rocking into it, your hips fucking my hand like a huge bony cock....

Inside the door, we mash into each others arms, moaning, your arms wrapped around my neck, your hands pulling my face to yours, our mouths grinding together, our tongues mashing together, sucking, licking, buried in each others throats...you pull back gasping, feeling my hard cock through my pants pressing into your mound...You hike one of your legs over my hip , grabbing my hand and shoving it up your dress, giggling excitedly, wriggling as my fingers slide under your thigh, jiggling... digging into your juice soaked pussy...God! I can smell your heat! I can smell your cum all hot and sopping wet rising out from between your legs...the smell overpowers me and I moan as I pull your thigh up my waist lifting your ass cheek, gripping your crack in my fingers, rubbing my crotch harder into your mound, your mouth hot and wet, your teeth nibbling frantically at my ear, your mouth sucking hot wet suckling words into my ear, words! filthy and naughty and erotic...not words, more like noises...frantic hungry noises...!

With an animal grunt, I slam you against the wall, hands hiking your dress up over your waist, my body jamming into yours bracing you, lifting your legs around my hips, your bare soaking pussy pressing into my prick mmmmmmm fuck damn that feel's so fucking great you make me so fuckkking hottttttt!...oooooohhhhhhhh yeah baby yeahhhhh! pussy so hot so wet so sweet and soft and alive...feel your pussy baby...oh yeahhhhhh I can feel your pussy so fucking wet my cock so fucking wet in my pants...mmmmmmmm fuckkkingggg christ I can feel your hot pussy juice soaking into my pants soaking into my cock oh yeah damn gotta get you to that bed...fuckkkking damn jesusssssss gonna cum up against this fucking wall.....ohhhhhh that feels so fucking good you moan hmmmmmmmmm!! your long legs squeezing my waist your cunt rubbing up and down humping into my cock...oh fuck damn jesusssss baby I want you fuck me right! fucking now...! you whisper hot and wet into my ear...c'mon baby fuck me now....!!!

I lift you, legs wrapped around my hips, my fingers wrapped around your soft warm asscheeks, my fingers stretching your crack, my fingers caressing, massaging, stroking your wet throbbing asshole, your voice wet shuddering moaning into my ear with each probing caress, gasping with each slow, hard fucking of your sweet hole...

Laying you down, my fingers fumbling at your zipper, my sweating fumbling fingers...DAMN THIS FUCKING DRESS! Angrily, frustrated, I gather your shoulder straps, yanking at them, cursing as I bunch your straps in my hands and rip them apart, your dress shredding in my hands, your dress tearing open, my fingers gathering up the material and pulling it down over your tits, your tits swelling out, the nipples hard and puckered and juicy like two ripe melons...yanking your ruined dress down over your waist, off your body, throwing it somewhere until you lay there, naked, all soft and creamy, all mounds and belly and crevices and billowing auburn cunt bush...watching me, eyes all glazed and dancing...the two of us panting, giggling excited, horny flushed all hot and sweating....

Laying you down, your legs still stretched and spread open, sprawling over you, my hands roving first over your fine budding breasts, nipples hardening to my touch, hands drifting over your stomach, down over hips thighs to your knees, hmmmmmm yeah baby and my pants are itching for my cock, my cock is itching to get out you reach down fumbling with my belt, giggling your eyes all bright and flashing your lips gorged with blood, your fingers trembling as they pull down my zipper fingers trembling as they reach in pulling and tugging and grasping my cock all thick and hard and greasy with precum falling into your fingers and you yank it out laughing excitedly squeezing it and stroking it letting it go long enough to pull my belt open long enough to pull my pants down over my ass letting them bunch up at my knees and I am squeezing, stroking, sucking at your swollen tits l! ike a wolf-cub at it's mother's nipple, and I am moaning ohhhhh yeah, yeah, dammnnnn baby! sliding my tongue trailing to your neck burying my face in your warm soft neck, my lips nibbling your throat, my teeth sinking into your throbbing jungular vein...ohhhhhh fuckking sweet baby...! my lips wrapped around your vein, sucking, sobbing as I taste your blood pulsing in your vein, vibrating under my suckling lips...mmmmmmmm fuck fuck fuckkkkking sweet jesusss you are so fucking sweet baby...!

My fingers trailing a hard line up your slit, probing slightly, teasing you...your voice harsh and hungry in my ear...oh oh oh oh oh yesssss sooooo hot soooo horny sooooo fucking damn hotttttt!!! your hand jerking me hard, stroking me hard as I finger and fuck your pussy and rub as you slide your hands under gathering my balls in them, cradling my balls in them squeezing my balls mmmmmmmmm yesssssssss! your mouth widening into a bubbling giggle your hand sliding over my slick fleshy shaft pulling it down pulling it between your legs, rubbing, jamming it over your clit, stroking your clit with it, fucking your clit with my thick purple mushroom, grinding your swollen clit into my mushroom cockhead until you gasp, feeling me spasm into your cunthole, cunt juices oozing out in a jerking gush, and your eyes roll back and you jam my cockhead hard against your slit and you scream oo! hhhhhh fuck that is sooooooo damn good, fuck my cunt baby...! fuck it gooooodddd!!! as you buck your pussy into my cock, rolling your head like a wild animal panting crazy your legs spreading out your pussy wide open your juices gushing out over my prick all warm and sopping wet, all white and thick and puddling under your ass coating my balls with a sweet musky stench....

And you pull my head down to your mouth, your fingers kneading into my neck, your hot panting breath excited in my ear...mmmmmmmmm you naughty man, as you nibble on my ear...you naughty naughty man, you...!

Your hands, trembling, on my shoulders, pushing me down, urging me down...sliding down your body, my head down to your body, my lips nibbling down your body, nibbling your tits, your belly warm and soft in my face, my tongue sliding down your warm trembling body, down over your body, down, my body sliding down between your legs, mmmmmmm shit yessss...I can smell your pussy already...all wet and musky and sweet smelling... my tongue running the length of both your thighs, seeing your pussy, your flesh all pink and purple and flushed with hot horny blood, your lips all puffy and slick with your juices...mmmmmmmm....my own cock, thick, hard, rubbing into the sheets, hungry for that juicy tight hole...mmmmmm...I can feel your excitment, I can feel your pussy thirsty for my hot cum, baby...that tight spasming hot hole, aching to feed on my cock, my hot cum...my jism, my manjuice...!

With one hand, I spread your pussy lips apart, probing just inside them, finging your love bud of a clit, teasing it, flicking at it...lightly tracing its base, with one finger, I trace, slowly curling my finger inside your lips, stroking at the warm wet flesh inside, and you moan, and I watch you roll your head back, sighing as I push deeper inside you, stretching your hole wider...two fingers, then three, fingers sinking in deeper, fingers probing harder, thrusting harder and faster until you suck your breath in hard, your hands thrusting down between your legs, grasping my fingers, pulling them into your hot wetness, oooooooooooo fuckkkkkkkkkk you moan...that feels sooooooooooo fucking goooooddddddd!

With one hand, I hold your pussy lips apart...your clit thrusting out as I do...tongue flying lightly over your clit now, circling it, licking its length, teasing its tip...faster...faster...Loving it...my other hand coming to your pussy now...fingers probing lightly into you...Just soooooo hottttt! You are sooo fucking wet, baby...fingers probing deeper, finding your hot spot...You gasp as I slowly stroke it...tongue now licking your hot snatch so fast and hard, taking all of it into my mouth...sucking...tongue caressing the shaft of your clit...the tip...your woman's cock...all hard and stiff and swollen...your rosebud, opening up blossoming like a sweet little pink rose....your hips churning under me, fingers probing deeper, two fingers into your pussy now...deep...so fucking deep...fucking you and pressing into your sacred spot, as I suck and lick your hot twat, your hips bucking so hard now, my entire face and hands covered with your hot pu! ssy juice...and I feel you getting close, thrusting into me, moaning almost screaming now...Oh fuck hon you are the hottest...!!!

And my cock is like iron grinding into the sheets, licking sucking finger fucking you hard now and you buck faster, screaming as your orgasm spasms your body...I feel the mouth of your pussy clenching at my fingers...

With my free hand, I slide my throbbing aching cock up, and with you in the throes of your cumming, I thrust my thick cock deep into your throbbing pussy...and you scream for real now...I feel your cumming pussy sucking my cock and I spread your legs wider, pumping into you, holding your legs wide, playing with your clit with my fingers, thrusting into you deep...so deep with my cock, and you cum again and scream as I pump harder and deeper...fucking you is so hot baby...! fucking you...my swollen balls filling with cum sucking up to the shaft of my cock, ready to fill you...pumping even harder, deeper, faster...grabbing your ass to hold you still and fucking you as hard and deep as I can...

Here it cummmmmsssssss.... cummmmminggggg!!!! the first spurt of white hot cum shotting into your pussy, splashing into your womb, hitting your womb like spurting lava...my cockhead spasming over and over again, spasms rippling like tiny waves of uncontrollable pleasure...deep throbbing shooting gobs of white hot jism into you...you scream again, cumming for the third time...cock still spurting, blood gorged cockveins still pulsing into your pussywalls, your pussymuscles gripping my shaft, milking it, pulling it in deeper like a hand inside your pussy, holding me there, squeezing the last drops of man-juice out of me...your womb, sucking at my cockhead, suckling it, sucking my gushing seed out of my pisshole...!

Cock still spurting, thrusting deep into you and holding as the last few drops of cum dribble out of me...

I kiss you deeply, holding you tight, my still hard throbbing cock so deep in you...

And we lie there, drenched in sweat, the last few spasms vibrating through your trembling thighs, my leg drapped over your thigh, my thigh nudging your still oozing pussy... your hand to my face, holding it, your breath still sobbing, shaking, and I kiss you again...

I can feel the your cum, my cum, puddling under your ass...cum turning from thick white ropey juice to cold clear slime...

I smile at you, brushing the strands of sweat soaked hair from your face.

Baby, you are so soooooooooooooo hot.