 My Dad always told me, "You never dip your pen in the company ink well."

Great advice and advice that I am glad I did not listen to this time.

I own a restaurant and bar in a midsize Midwest town. My happy hour business had been dwindling and I needed something to boost it up. I needed a real good looking female bartender to work the afternoon and early evening shift so that I could drive in the male clientele. Guys love to flirt with the bartender and they always think they will get lucky if they tip her big.

I searched my local competition to see what they had for staffing and to try to get their best employees to switch sides. I found what I was looking for at one of my competitors. 

She stood about 5'11" tall, shoulder length brunette hair, large firm and full breasts that she liked to show off with plenty of cleavage. She had a small tight ass and legs that looked like a dancers legs. Her name was Julie.

I sat at the bar and observed her for a while and the patrons loved her. She would bend over to talk with them and let them peek down her blouse. She was truly a flirt and it was for the tips that were filling her tip jar. I sat there for hours and the guys would not leave because she was there. 

Before I left I gave her one of my cards and said, "Come see me tomorrow."

She replied, "I have not been to your place before and I have been wanting to see it. I am off tomorrow night so I will come on by."

The next day about 5pm Julie walked in the door. I greeted her and motioned for her to sit down at one of the booths. We discussed business and then I asked her, "How much are they paying you over there?"

She said, "I get $4.00 per hour plus tips."

The going rate is usually $2.01 per hour plus tips so they were paying her well.

I said, "I need you here. You have a great following of customers and you are great with them. I will pay you $6.00 per hour plus tips plus 10% of what your shift brings in if you will start Friday.

She replied, "That only gives them 3 days notice."

I said, "I understand that but it is a take it or leave it offer. I have to believe you know this is a great offer."

She thought for a second then replied, "I'll be here!"

I said, "Great, see you at 3pm." We shook hands and she walked towards the door. I watched her all the way to the door. It's no wonder she has such a following of patrons.

Friday rolled around and Julie came in at 2:55 pm and "WOW" did she look great. She had on a small floral miniskirt and a white blouse that she had tied at the waist and unbuttoned down to the knot. She had on a pair of platform high-heeled sandals. With the tan that she was sporting she was an absolute knockout!

About 5pm rolled around and they guys started flocking in. She had spread the word that she was switching jobs and would be here from now on. We were packed and had the best happy hour since I had opened the place.

About 2 weeks after Julie had started we had an exceptional happy hour. It was so busy I had to help her behind the bar. The bar was long but not much room width wise behind it. Every time Julie and I crossed each other we had to squeeze by. We were constantly bumping into each other and rubbing past each other. We were so busy that it had crossed my mind that there was a lot of physical contact with her but all we could do was hustle out the drinks.

The night shift was coming in and Julie closed out her register and went to the office to count it. I went into the office after getting the next shift started and Julie was still counting out her drawer.

I exclaimed, "Wow, that was a wild shift!"

She tiredly replied, "Yes it was and I'm beat!"

I walked around behind her where she was sitting counting the money and started to give her a back and shoulder massage. I was talking to her about the shift while massaging. I kept looking down her blouse at those beautiful breasts jutting out and my dick was starting to stiffen thinking about them.

She quietly moaned, "That feels great. Look you gave me a set."

I was not real sure what a set meant until I looked down and her nipples were hard as rocks and trying to poke holes in her blouse. My cock was starting to be uncomfortable against my jeans.

I did not know what to say and my Dad's advice popped into my head. I decided I better stop and go out onto the floor before things got carried away.

I stopped massaging and she said, "That felt wonderful. I will have to repay you sometime."

On my way out the door I replied, "All in a days work."

I left the office and went back out to see how the evening business was going. Julie soon came out and said, "See you tomorrow!"

I said, "Good night see you then."

The night was nearly over it was midnight and we closed at 1am. Shortly after midnight Julie came in with a friend. They had been out partying and drinking. They came in and sat at the bar and ordered some drinks. I sat at the end of the bar and talked to them until it was time to close. Her friend Lori had become bored with our conversation and got up to patrol around. Julie and I just kept talking.

Closing time came and the bar emptied out. Julie looked at me and said, "I better go, did you see Lori? She is my ride home."

I looked at her and shrugged, "The place is empty except for employees."

She glared at the front door; "Damn her she must of hooked up and left me here."

I told her I would take her home after we closed down. All the employees were done and it was just Julie and I in the bar. The phone rang and I answered it.

It was a friend of mine in Texas that also owned a bar and we called each other regularly to discuss how the night's business had been. I was leaning against the bar talking to him when all of a sudden I felt a hand reach around me and grab my cock through my jeans. I turned around and Julie was standing there with a big grin on her face and she held her finger up to her lips and a very quiet, "shhhhhhh" came from her lips.

I kept talking to my friend on the phone and she unzipped my pants and reached in to pull my cock out.

She stroked it a few times until it was at full attention. She squatted down in front of me and sucked my cock into her mouth. I was looking down and could not believe I was watching this gorgeous woman wrapping her full luscious lips around my cock. I had nearly forgotten that I was on the phone and I heard, "Hellllloooo are you still there?"

I woke from my trance, "Yes, Yes, I am still here."

He asked, "Is everything OK?"

I enthusiastically informed him, "Yes things are great here. Never better."

Julie again held her finger to here lips and pulled her shirt over her head. She was not wearing a bra and her beautiful full tits were jutting out and her nipples were taut with excitement. She then went back to sucking my cock. She was enjoying this little game with me while I was on the phone.

I do not know how many times you have been on the phone trying to carry on a conversation with a beautiful woman trying to stuff your cock into her throat but it is very difficult to do.

She was licking, stroking and sucking and I had to tell my friend, "Can I call you back tomorrow?"

He said, "Sure, not a problem." I hung up the phone.

I reached down to pull Julie up because at the rate she was going I was going to cum way too soon. She was really getting with sucking on my dick.

With her heels on she was nearly as tall as I am and we looked each other in the eyes. I reached behind her head and grabbed a handful of her hair and pulled her face to mine and kissed her deeply and passionately. I then reached down and grabbed two handfuls of the wonderful fullness of her tits. I then slid my hands to her back and unzipped her miniskirt and let it fall to the floor around her ankles. I reached for her ass; it also was as firm and tight as it looked. She was wearing a pair of nearly transparent thong panties and a pair of high-heeled shoes. 

I looked across the room and there was a large mirror on the wall. The view of this beautiful curvaceous woman from behind was mind blowing. I could not believe it was my hands on her ass. I smiled at the mirror as if there was actually someone there watching the scene.

She stepped out of the miniskirt and I slowly walked her backwards to a pool table that was nearby. I sat her down on the edge of the pool table and reached my hands to the waistband of her panties. She raised herself slightly and I pulled her panties down her legs. She was now only wearing a pair of high heels and her body was magnificent. She leaned forward and we kissed again.

I then moved to her tits and sucked one of her taut nipples into my mouth and sucked and licked it. My other hand was squeezing and pinching her other nipple. I switched nipples and was enjoying her slight moans. She smelled wonderful. She was wearing "Red Door" perfume. During one of our conversations I had told her that "Red Door" was my favorite and always made me notice the woman wearing it.

I slowly leaned her back and her head hit the pool table light, she just laughed and put her hand on the back of her head.

I grabbed her, "I'm so sorry are you OK?"

She smiled, "I am fine just finish what you were starting."

She laid on back to the pool table surface and I started kissing down her firm tight and beautifully scented belly to her neatly shaven pussy. She draped her legs over my shoulders and I was on my knees directly in front of her beautiful pussy. 

I licked from the bottom of her wet slit to the top. Her pussy lips were red with the blood coursing through it and she was wet from her juices. I stopped at her hard little clit and drew small circles around it. In doing this I got a louder "MMMMMMMMM" to escape her lips.

I then sucked her clit into my mouth and she jerked as if she had been shocked. She moaned, "God yes right there!"

I flicked my tongue across her several times and she now had my head locked between her thighs. She started to tremble and then she started to jerk and squirm on the table. She was saying something but all I heard was her muffled voice from between her thighs.

She sat up and reached for me to stand up. She then reached for my belt and unfastened it and then unsnapped my pants and let them drop to the floor. She was pulling at me to get on the table. I kicked off my shoes and stepped out of my pants and climbed onto the pool table. She reached for my cock and guided it into her pussy.

I slowly inserted my cock into her and she was arching her back trying to push herself onto my cock. I sunk deep inside her and could feel her pussy massaging my cock. 

I leaned down and kissed her again and she kissed me back with her tongue. I then moved my mouth to her tits and sucked a nipple into my mouth. She was squirming on my cock working her ass in small gyrating circles causing unbelievable pleasure.

In a very sexy and lustful voice she said, "Fuck Me Sean! I want you to make me cum."

With that I started to thrust into her tight wet pussy. She wrapped her legs around my waist and dug her heels into my ass. I felt like the horse and the cowgirl was giving me the spurs. She reached up and started pinching my nipples as we fucked.

She nearly screamed, "OH FUCK I'M CUUUMMMMING" 

I let out a grunt and shot a load deep inside her, as she was cumming on my cock. She kept squeezing my cock and I shot load after load as she milked me dry. It was one of those orgasms that makes you feel like you are going to pass out from the pure pleasure of it all.

We kissed each other softly yet passionately as we came down from our orgasms.

I pulled out of Julie and climbed off of the table and then helped her up and off of the table. She stood in front of me and we kissed again.

She said, "I knew from looking at you that you would be a good lover."

I know I blushed and said, "That was great and the best sex I have ever had"

I looked at the pool table and there was a huge wet spot where our combined juices had spilled onto the felt. 

I laughed and said, "I will never re-cover that table so I can always remember this night."

I reached for my pants and she gathered her clothes to head to the bathroom to clean up and get dressed. I shut off the lights and waited for her by the door.

We walked out to my truck and I opened the door and she slide in. She was setting next to me and I asked her, "Where do you live?"

She said, "It is not far but, I would like you to take me somewhere else first."

I said, "No problem, where to?"

As we were headed to our next destination she sat next to me with her hand on my thigh. I also had placed my hand on her bare thigh that was visible beneath her miniskirt.

It took us about 10 minutes to get to where she wanted to go. We pulled into the driveway of a beautiful home.

She said, "My sister lives here, they are out of town and I am watching their home while they are gone."

I opened the door and got out and Julie slid out behind me. When she slid out her miniskirt had slid up and her panty less pussy was visible from the dome light.

She said teasingly, "Ops that was not very lady like was it?"

I replied, "Julie you are a lady through and through no matter how you get out of a truck."

She grabbed my hand and we went around the side of the house and into the backyard. There was a beautifully landscaped yard and a large in ground pool. Julie walked to the pool and pulled her shirt over her head and unzipped her dress, kicked off her heels and dove into the pool. 

When she came up she said, "Wow that feels great! Are you going to join me or just stand there and watch?"

I contemplated just watching as her curvy body was glowing in the light from the pool and she looked like something out of a movie as she swam.

I decided to join her and disrobed and dove in. When I came up she was right in front of me. She jumped up and wrapped her legs around my waist and kissed me passionately. Her firm breasts were pressed against my chest. My cock was rising again and I could feel it brushing against her ass.

She seductively said, "I feel something poking me. You don't suppose there is some sort of creature in the pool with us do you?"

She unwrapped her legs from around me and grabbed my hard cock. She stood looking me in the eyes as she stroked my cock under water. I reached up and started to massage her beautiful breasts that were just at water level.

An air mattress floated by and she grabbed it. This was more than just your everyday air mattress this thing was as big as a queen sized mattress. She jumped up on it and said, "Join me big boy?"

I jumped up on the mattress and we laid down side by side. We were letting our hands explore each other's bodies as we floated around the pool. Her skin was so perfect and she had curves in all the right places. It was a very erotic scene. We were both naked, the pool light was casting an eerie glow over our bodies and the moon was full and directly above the pool. 

Julie rolled me onto my back and went directly for my hard cock with her mouth. She sucked as much as possible into her and used her hand to massage my balls. She ran her hand down my thighs and back to my cock. She was an expert at this and knew just where to apply pressure to get the maximum response. She then swung her leg over my head and put her pussy right at my mouth. I immediately began to suck on her pussy. She tasted wonderful. She let out a vibrating moan on my cock when I licked her clit and I had to fight to keep from cumming. We laid in the 69 position and pleasured each other for a few minutes.

She climbed off of me and then straddled my body and reached for my dick and slowly guided it towards her pussy. She lowered herself onto my dick until we looked like we were joined at the hip. She threw her head back and looked at the sky and started to move up and down on my cock.

She looked like a goddess with her head thrown back and her big, full tits jutting forward. I grabbed hold of her slender hips and then around to her ass. She started to increase the tempo. I moved my hand to her pussy and started making small circles around her clit. She leaned forward and put her hands on my chest and started to pinch my nipples. She again increased the tempo and her tits were swinging back and forth from her motion.

She hoarsely said, "OH GOOOODDDD THAT FEELS GOOD!"

She then lay completely down on top of me and just raised and lowered her ass while fucking me. I could feel the cum rising into my balls and my cock beginning to swell. 

I whispered in her ear, "I'm going to cum." I then moaned and raised my ass off the mattress to get as deep as possible into her wet pussy. I spasmed several loads into her pussy and she just kept riding my cock and to my disbelief I stayed hard inside of her. She rose back up and I again found her clit and massaged it.

She lustfully said, "OH YEEEEESSSSSS RIGHT THERE!" She started to tremble and then shake and threw her head back and started to orgasm onto my cock. I could feel our juices running down my balls and it sparked another orgasm and I came again inside her.

She laid down on my chest and we were both breathing heavily.

I felt my softening cock reluctantly slid out of her pussy.

She suddenly rolled off of me and rolled right on into the water.

She came up and stood beside the mattress and said, "From the first day I saw this mattress I have wanted to try fucking on it and I thought tonight was as good a time as any."

I said, "I am glad you decided to let me join you. It was truly incredible."

The sky was starting to lighten as the sun was coming up. We got out of the pool and got dressed.

I drove her to her house and walked her to the door.

She kissed me and said, "Tonight was incredible. I am glad Lori left me there."

I kissed her again and then said, "I hope I can give you a ride home again sometime."

I got back in my truck and headed home to get a few hours of sleep before going back to work. I know Lori disappearing at the right time was Julie's plan. But, that was fine with me.

The next day some of the staff noticed the stain on the pool table and commented that someone must of spilt a drink on the table. Julie and I just looked at each other and grinned.