 PRELUDE

Renee was nervous and anxious as she lay on the bed in the condo awaiting her boss Walt to enter the room. She was wearing her bikini bathing suit which was a tasteful two piece outfit. Walt had seen her in it before so she wasn't nervous about that but now he was about to give her a massage and touch her exposed skin. Renee's muscles were sore from her first day of skiing and her thighs and calves ached every time she moved. Her shoulders and arms were also sore from using the tow and polling along the flat terrain.

Walt had taught her how to ski and by the afternoon she was taking the chair lift and skiing down the beginner hill. The chair lift was a welcome change from the tow and she was able to rest her legs. Still she had used muscles that had been idle for awhile and they ached the day after. Walt had suggested a massage but when he saw Renee in her tee shirt and shorts he suggested that she wear her bikini. He told her that he would use lotion on her since the skin tended to dry out in the higher altitudes.

Renee went along with Walt's suggestion that she wear her bikini as she had already worn it in the Jacuzzi the previous evening. Walt suggested that they take the morning off and hit the slopes at lunchtime. Now as Renee lay on the bed in waiting she wondered if Walt would also try to seduce her during the massage and she wondered if she would let him. 

INTRODUCTION

Renee Dubois was a striking brunette who stood at 5'11" tall. For a tall girl she had a very attractive figure with 36 C breasts, a narrow 25" waist and a shapely 36" bottom that was very round and curvy. It was unusual to see a girl Renee's height with such a nice looking ass. Renee was 26 years old and she was on her second job as a sales representative. Her first job after graduating from college consisted of selling office equipment but she had tired of that quickly. 

Renee joined a start up Software Company focused in the healthcare sector. The job was based in the Chicago area and the region was headed up by Walt Curran the Regional VP. The company was headquartered in New Jersey and had only been in business for three years. The company had done well on the east coast and expanded to the Midwest. Walt was hired away from another software company which he had joined as a start up where he was instrumental in the company's growth and success.

Phyllis Williams who worked for Walt at the previous company was a friend of Renee's and had referred Renee. Walt was building a small sales force to handle all prospects in the Midwest with plans to expand west of the Mississippi River. Renee was a charming young woman with inherent sales skills so Walt hired her. Walt also hired Sandy Johnson a more senior woman with healthcare industry experience. 

Renee knew from her friend Phyllis that Walt had a reputation of a ladies man and that he and Phyllis had been intimate. This did not bother Renee as she was sure that she could handle the situation and stay focused on her job. Still looking at Walt she knew why Phyllis succumbed to his charms and why it was rumored that he had slept with most of the females at his previous job. 

Walt was a handsome man at 6"3" tall and weighing in at a fit 190 pounds. At the age of 35 he was well traveled and a very active athlete. Walt was an avid downhill skier and SCUBA diver and he usually vacationed in the Rockies and the Caribbean. At home he played gold and tennis; studied martial arts and worked out most mornings. He seemed tireless and always energetic. Walt would also mix business with pleasure, usually golf or skiing, when he was traveling to desirable spots. 

There was a healthcare industry conference scheduled for Colorado Springs in March of that year and Walt told Renee and Sandy that they would both attend the conference that year. The conference could produce some leads for the company and he wanted the women, particularly Renee to meet some industry leaders. Walt also decided to spend the week before the conference in Vail and Beavercreek. He offered Renee and Sandy the opportunity to join him skiing but Sandy passed as she was not at all athletic. 

Renee however jumped at the chance to learn to ski. She was athletic taking aerobic classes three times a week and playing volleyball. The trip was set. On Friday afternoon Walt and Renee would fly to Denver and then drive to Vail. They would spend a week at Vail and then drive over to Colorado Springs the flowing Sunday. The conference check-in and reception was on Sunday and it would run through Thursday.

THE ARRIVAL IN VAIL

On the flight out Renee was understandably nervous as she had never skied before and she would be staying with Walt in the same condo. She continually wondered if Walt would try to hit on her while they were together. They had been on business trips before and Walt had always been a perfect gentleman but this was a pleasure trip and they would be staying in the same room.

When the plane landed Walt just whipped through the airport claiming their luggage and his skis and getting the rental car. He had done this often enough that it was second hat to him and Renee just followed along. On the drive out, Walt stopped to pick up wine and scotch for them. He knew exactly where to stop and Renee was surprised by the size of the liquor store. 

"This is the place most people load up before heading for the mountains. They have the best selections and best prices of any other store," Walt told her.

In the car Walt explained the plans for that day and tomorrow. "We'll check in tonight and get set up in the room. Then we'll walk around a little and I'll show you Vail Village and we will grab something to eat. Tomorrow we'll go out for breakfast and then get we set up with rental equipment."

Renee just nodded her agreement as it was all new to her. "Tomorrow we'll ski Beavercreek because Vail will be crowded on a Saturday. A lot of people drive up from Denver but they usually don't drive west of Vail. Most of them will hit Keystone, A-basin, Breckenridge and Copper Mountains. Many will drive through the Vail Pass to Vail but very few will drive to Beavercreek." Walt explained.

All of this information was new to Renee as she did not even know where the other mountains were. As they left the foothills and entered the mountains Renee was in awe of the Rockies. She had never seen the mountains before and they looked fabulous. As she looked at the snow covered jagged peaks she secretly hoped that she would not have to ski any of them.

They arrived at the condo which was a one bedroom unit at the base of the mountain in Lionshead. Walt explained the sleeping arrangements giving Renee the bedroom with him taking the pull out sofa bed. Renee felt comfortable having a door to close and not sleeping in the living area. After they unpacked Walt decided they had enough time to get the rental gear for Renee so they got her fitted for the boots and skis. Walt then carried the equipment back to the condo letting Renee walk around Lionshead. He told him to meet her at main circle in 30 minutes.

Renee looked in the ski shops and checked out the skiwear, t-shirts and sweatshirts. Then checking the time she returned to the circle and met Walt was had already arrived. They had a light late dinner and the returned to the condo. Walt poured scotch for himself and a white wine for Renee. Then they sat in the living area and watched the Vail TV channel until it was time to turn in.

RENEE'S FIRST DAY

Renee woke up on Saturday morning and put on tee shirt and shorts before heading to the bathroom. Walt was already up and watching the Vail TV channel to check on the weather and grooming report. He smiled at Renee when she walked out of the bedroom and told her that the coffee was made. Walt looked at her as she ducked into the bathroom and he admired her long shapely legs and curvy ass. 

Renee came out of the bathroom and poured a cup of coffee before sitting down on the sofa across from Walt who was reclined in the easy chair. Renee curled her lovely long legs up underneath her and took her first sip of coffee. She noticed the fireplace was on and she was glad as it took the chill off of the room.

"As soon as you finish that cup of coffee we can get dressed and drive over to Beavercreek. There's a neat little coffee shop in Avon where we can have breakfast," Walt announced.

About 30 minutes later they were dressed and on their way over to the town of Avon for breakfast. Renee liked the quaint bakery that served specialty coffees and when they were finished, Walt drove them up to Beavercreek Mountain. Renee loved the drive up to the base of the mountain and she was taken by the magnificent homes along the road. "There is nothing on this mountain except for condos that is under a million dollars," Walt told her.

"The homes are beautiful," Renee said.

"Yeah, if I ever win the lottery; I'm going to buy one," Walt replied with a laugh.

He steered the car into the underground parking lot and then he helped Renee put on her ski boots before he pus his own on. Walt carried both sets of skis and let Renee carry the ski poles as they made their way to the lift ticket window. Walt got a lift ticket for Renee as he already had a season pass. He next took Renee over to the beginner area and spent time teaching her about the skis and the wedge technique. 

As athletic as Renee was, skiing was a very different sport and it took her awhile to catch on. They spent the morning on the beginner hill using the tow and after lunch Walt took her up on the chair. It took a few rides on the chair for Renee to get comfortable but she was handling the beginner hill just fine with the wedge turns. Walt next took her to the top of the mountain where there were a number of beginner runs longer and steeper than the one she learned on. By the end of the day Renee was skiing comfortably on all the beginner runs but she was exhausted.

Walt took her down to the Centennial lift and told her to download on it and that he would meet her at the bottom. Walt then skied off and by the time Renee reached the bottom of the chair lift, Walt was already waiting for her. She was so tired that she just about made it back to the car and she fell asleep on the ride back to Vail. Once they arrived back at the condo, Walt suggested the Jacuzzi before they showered and went out to eat.

As Renee sank into the warm bubbly water she moaned and said, "And they say there is no heaven!"

The water felt great and Renee loved the jets hitting her tired muscles. They stayed in the hot tub for about 30 minutes and then headed back to the room. Renee's figure did not escape Walt's eyes and he admired her beauty and shape. They dressed and ate dinner in Vail Village and afterward they picked up groceries at the City Market for the rest of the week. Back in the condo, they relaxed with the fire on and watching the Vail station. Renee sipped her white wine as Walt enjoyed his scotch.

"Thanks for working with me today and teaching me to ski. I know that took patience," Renee said.

"Hey, happy to do it, you did well. Tomorrow we'll take it easy in the morning and ski Vail in the afternoon. The crowd will start to thin out after lunch," Walt told her.

"I can't believe how tired I got today. I thought that I was in good shape," Renee sighed.

"You're in great shape but it's a new sport for you. The air is thinner and the fresh air will tire you out as well. By the middle of the week you'll be used to the change in altitude," Walt advised.

They stayed up until Renee started to doze on the sofa and Walt woke her up. "You should probably hit the hay. You're falling asleep on the sofa," he said as he shook her gently.

Renee got up and went into the bedroom and she fell into a deep sleep. Walt opened up the sofa bed and stretched out watching TV with a scotch in his hand. He pictured Renee in her bikini and thought about her shapely body. He could not help but wonder whether she took it in the ass or not. She had a great ass and he would love to pork it. Walt's cock got erect thinking about her and then he decided that it was time to turn in. He killed the lights and went to sleep. 

A MASSAGE SAVES THE DAY

Renee woke up Sunday morning and it was all she could do to move. Her body ached from head to foot. Her calves were killing her and it hurt just to walk. She made her way to the bathroom and it even hurt to sit on the toilet and then get up. Her thighs were sore too but not as bad as her calves. Renee put on her tee shirt and shorts and joined Walt in the living area. She poured a cup of coffee and that's when she realized her sore her shoulders were.

"Oh my God, I can hardly move!" she exclaimed.

"A little sore are we?" Walt asked teasingly as he knew exactly how she felt.

"A little, I can't even pour a cup of coffee without pain," she groaned.

"I knew that you would be sore today that's why I said we would wait until after lunch to ski," Walt told her.

"I don't know if I'll ever be able to ski again," Renee replied as she eased onto the sofa and groaned.

"When you finish your coffee, I'll give you a massage and rub out some of the knots. Then after breakfast we'll hit the Jacuzzi and you will feel a lot better," Walt offered.

"Maybe but right now, I don't want to move," Renee added.

They had several cups of coffee with Walt getting it for Renee so that she didn't have to get up. "Are you ready for a massage," Walt asked.

"I guess so if you think that will help," Renee answered.

"I know it will help," Walt told her and then said, "Let's do it in the bedroom so that you can stretch out on the bed."

Renee got up and made her way back to the bedroom and she was about to lie down on the bed when Walt stopped her. "You don't want to stay in that tee shirt and shorts. I'm going to use lotion on you so you should put something else on," he advised.

"What should I wear? I'm not going to lie there in my bra and panties," Renee replied cautiously.

"Of course not, why not wear your bikini and I'll be careful not to get lotion on it. In this high altitude your skin dries out and it's better if I use lotion with the massage," Walt suggested. 

Walt then stepped out of the bedroom and closed the door telling Renee to let him know when she was ready. He waited outside the bedroom as Renee changed and then she called to him and said that she was ready. Walt went back into the bedroom and saw the bikini clad Renee lying face down on the bed. Her legs looked great and her ass looked fantastic as she lay there. Walt shed his tee shirt and poured lotion in his hands. He started with her shoulders and massaged them gently. He located the knots and gently massaged them away. Renee just about crooned under his strong hands.

Walt then massaged her back and trapezoid muscles and ran his fingers up and down her spine. It felt marvelous to Renee and she totally relaxed under his touch. He moved from the small of her back down to her calves and Renee cried out when he began rubbing her tender calves. A Walt massaged he calves he admired her long shapely flawless legs. He imagined those legs wrapped around his torso as he drove his cock deep in her. He spent a long time on her calves and when he moved his hands to the back of her knees, Renee felt wonderful.

Walt massaged her from the back of her knees up the back of her thighs to just below her buttocks. He was very tempted to slip his hands under her bikini bottoms and squeeze her delicious looking bottom but he did not dare, at least this time he would refrain. Renee felt her juices begin to flow as Walt's hands massaged and caressed her thighs. When his hands dipped in between her legs and massaged the inner thighs, Renee was sure that she had a mild orgasm. The massage was having an equally erotic effect on Walt as his cock was rock hard in his shorts.

"Okay you can roll over now," Walt told Renee.

Renee rolled over onto her back and Walt spotted a small wet spot on the crotch of her light blue bikini bottom. He also noticed that her nipples were erect and pushing out her bikini bra. Walt lifted one of Renee's legs and placed her ankle on his shoulder. Then he massaged her leg from her calf to her thigh. Renee thought that she would cream her bikini when Walt's hands rubbed her thighs and one hand massaged her inner thigh. His hand got dangerously close to her vulva but he didn't touch her. He repeated the action with the other leg and he noticed that the wet spot had gotten larger. Walt smiled to himself as he knew he had gotten to Renee and he was sure that if he pushed it that she would give in to him. However, now was not the time as Walt wanted it to be just right.

He released her leg and he followed Renee's eyes to his crotch. Walt always went commando when he wasn't working out. So without briefs or a jock to confine his stiff cock, his shorts tented signaling that he had an erection. Walt moved off the bed and spoke to Renee, "I'll make breakfast and then we'll hit the Jacuzzi."

Walt walked out of the bedroom and he made no attempt to hide his condition. Renee sighed and flopped back on the bed. She had noticed his erection tenting out his shorts and he appeared to be well endowed. Renee remembered that her friend Phyllis had mentioned that Walt was well equipped but now she knew it first hand. Renee put her wrap on over her bikini and then joined Walt in the kitchen.

They ate a light breakfast and afterward they hit the Jacuzzi. Renee could not believe how much better she felt after the massage and Jacuzzi. She was still a bit achy but nothing like she felt earlier that morning. She thanked Walt over and over for the massage saying that it worked wonders for her. That afternoon they skied more beginner runs and Renee progressed nicely.

Walt had taught her the stem turn and she became more and more confident with it. Renee was less dependent on the wedge turn by the end of the day. After an afternoon on the slopes they stopped at an après ski spot with a pretty good guitar player. They listened to music, drank a pitcher of margueritas and shared a large order of nachos. It was almost 8:00 PM when they left the après ski place and went back to the condo. Renee felt very close to Walt at that moment.

Once at the condo, Walt poured them a nightcap and they sat in front of the fire. They were both wearing just t-shirts and shorts and Renee had passed on wearing a bra. Renee felt very romantic as often was the case when she drank a little too much. She felt a little stiff in the shoulders and Walt noticed her trying to rub it out. "Need another massage?" he asked.

"Just my shoulders, would you mind rubbing them?" Renee replied.

"Not at all, sit on the floor between my legs," Walt directed.

Renee sat on the floor and positioned her back between Walt's legs. Walt rubbed her shoulders through the cotton t-shirt and Renee moaned softly. If she were a cat she would have purred. "That feels wonderful!" she said softly.

As Walt rubbed her shoulders, Renee felt she was ready to give herself to Walt if he made a move on her. Renee tilted her head back to look up at Walt and the expression on her face signaled that she was ready for more than a massage. Walt leaned over and kissed her on the lips and Renee returned the kiss. They held the kiss as their tongues probed each other's mouth and Renee moaned softly. Walt's hands left her shoulders and slid down Renee's chest to cup her ample tits. Renee groaned again as Walt gently fondled her breasts through the t-shirt. Her nipples were extended and rock hard poking through the thin shirt. Walt tweaked her nipples lightly and Renee felt her loins surge.

"It's going to happen," she thought to herself.

Walt pulled her t-shirt up over her breasts baring them for the first time. Walt liked what he saw and felt as her tits were beautiful and firm. He continued to kiss her and as he did he let his hands travel down over her flat belly and inside her shorts. His one hand snaked in her shorts and cupped her sex. He was right as he had suspected, Renee's pussy was sopping wet. He freed his own erect cock through the leg opening in his shorts and she felt it press up against her neck. Their lips met in a passionate kiss with his tongue darting into her mouth in search of hers. She pressed her shapely body against him as they tongue fucked one another. Renee could feel pleasure surging up her spine.
