 It was a really slow Tuesday night at the bar. I was bored to tears and it was about 9pm with four more hours to go in the night. I was sitting at the end of the bar when Julie came walking in. I was beginning to think maybe the night was going to get better.

Julie had worked the day shift and left about 6pm for the day, or so I thought. She was absolutely radiant with her curly brunette hair and was made-up as if she was on the prowl. She was wearing a trench coat, which did not seem odd since it was early spring and it was a cool night out. She had on a pair of high-heels that made her sexy tight calves look even sexier and more beautiful if that was possible.

She came to where I was sitting and sat down. She asked how the night was going and I said, "It has been really slow and boring tonight."

She reached her hand over and put it on my leg. She said, "Well I was hoping it was slow tonight. Any chance you can leave Mark in charge for awhile?" She stood up and opened her coat slightly.

I looked at her beautiful body in a white negligee. Her large full tits were nearly overflowing from the top. The sides were cut high up to her waist with a small frill around the legs.

She closed her coat and started for the door. I immediately found Mark and told him he was in charge until I got back.

I went out the door and found Julie standing next to my truck. We climbed in and I asked, "Where to?"

She replied, "My sister is gone again so let's go to her house."

I knew exactly where we were going and turned the truck in that direction. Julie slid over next to me and her intoxicating perfume was filling the cab of the truck. She put her hand on my thigh just below my crotch and held it there. My cock was getting hard as a rock as I could feel the heat from her hand. She opened the front of her coat to reveal her long sexy legs and her full breasts.

I reached over and put my hand on her upper thigh. I could feel the heat that her pussy was already generating in anticipation of our fuck session. She moved her hand to my crotch and was rubbing my hard cock through my jeans.

I let my hand cover her crotch and pulled back the edge of the negligee. I easily slid a finger into her already wet pussy. I let my finger trace her pussy lips to her clit. As soon as my finger hit her hard little clit she let out a soft, "mmmmmmmm."

I pulled into her sister's driveway and around to the back of the house. I got out and she slid over to get out on my side of the truck. She walked in front of me and was walking like a model down a runway. She had to know I was watching her ass as it swung from side to side. She opened the door and we went in. She led me to the family room where she stopped to light some candles. She had gone earlier to get some shrimp and oysters for us to snack on.

The room was filled with flickering candle light as I pulled her close to me. I reached inside her coat to put my hand on her thong-covered ass and kissed her passionately. She pulled back and asked me, "Have you ever had Cajun Shrimp?"

I looked at her and said, "I don't believe I have."

She put a shrimp in her mouth with a little sticking out then leaned into me to kiss me. I leaned to her and she used her tongue to push the shrimp into my mouth. She said, "Now you have had Cajun Shrimp. What do you think of it?"

I put a piece of shrimp in my mouth and leaned to her then pushed it into her mouth. I replied, "I love it."

She then let the trench coat slide off her smooth sexy shoulders and stood in front of me in all her sexy glory in her very sexy outfit. Her tall, lean sexy body was glowing in the candlelight and her eyes had that "fuck me" look in them.

I went to her and kissed her again running my hands along her shapely body and to her firm smooth ass again. Her ass was so soft and felt so good that I had to let the backs of my fingers lightly run along that sexy globe of flesh. She let out a soft "mmmmmm" again.

We were leaning against the back of the couch as she reached for my belt. She unfastened it then my zipper and reached in to wrap her long fingers around my throbbing cock. She leaned into me and kissed me again while keeping her hand between us stroking on my cock. She let loose of my cock and pulled my shirt off over my head then put her hand back on my cock and kissed my chest then each nipple. She kissed and licked her way down my body until she reached my cock. My pants slid down my legs to my ankles as Julie squatted down in front of me. She opened her mouth and licked the head of my cock. She was licking the pre-cum that had already formed on the head of it. She was looking up at me with those beautiful hazel eyes as she opened her mouth and wrapped her full red lips around it. I nearly came just watching her mouth envelope my cock. She grabbed my balls with one hand and stroked my cock with the other keeping her mouth working up and down the shaft as she stroked it. I'm not sure how long it had been since my cock had been as hard as it was at that moment. I kept watching her in the romantic glow of the candlelight as she sucked and stroked my cock. It was truly one of those surreal moments that you never want to end.

I did not want it to end but I also wanted to fuck this vixen and knew she was going to have to stop soon. I reached down for her and pulled her up to me. I kissed her deeply and could taste the tanginess of my juices on her tongue. I slid the straps of her outfit off her shoulders to reveal her beautiful firm tits with the nipples sticking out in excitement. I leaned down to kiss her neck then her throat and down her chest to her breasts. I sucked one of her puckered up nipples into my mouth and pinched the other between my fingertips. I felt her nipple stiffen even more in my mouth.

Julie moaned as I flicked my tongue across her nipple.

I pulled her outfit past her hips and let it fall to the floor. She stepped out of it and stood naked except for the heels. I had to stop and admire her statuesque beauty glowing in the flickering candles.

I kicked off my shoes and stepped out of my pants then took off my socks. My cock was standing at attention as Julie grabbed it and pulled me to the floor. She got on her hands and knees and I positioned myself behind her. Her pussy and ass were there awaiting me. I grabbed my cock and guided it toward her pussy. I inserted the head only to find that she was already wet from anticipation. I withdrew and she reached back like she was trying to grab it. She said, "Fuck me!"

I then let the full length enter into her and she gasped as I came to rest against her beautiful ass. She bent further over allowing her head to rest on the floor. I grabbed her hips and withdrew then plunged back into her.

I was slowly and rhythmically sliding in and out of her. I reached a hand around her and fingered her clit as we fucked.

Julie was moaning an, "Oh, Oh, Oh" with each stroke. She grabbed hold of the rug we were fucking on and screamed at the floor, "OHHHHH FUCK!"

I felt her pussy tighten on my cock and then a flush of warmth coated my cock deep inside her. I too was ready to erupt and groaned as I pushed all the way into her and shot my load into her. I could feel my cum exploding from the head of my cock as it splashed inside this girls sexy pussy.

After coming down from the orgasm I withdrew my cock and to my amazement it was still hard.

Julie got off the floor and grabbed my hand. There was really no need to take my hand because at that moment I would have followed her anywhere.

I watched her beautiful ass as we walked into the bathroom. Once there she stopped to light some more candles. In the room was a big hot tub. She turned on the jets and stepped into it.

I stepped into the tub and sat next to her.

The water was surging around our bodies as we kissed again. I reached for her breasts and fondled them in the warm water. She reached for my cock and began stroking it under the water. I moved my hand to her pussy and began massaging her clit. She leaned over and tongue kissed me deep into my mouth. 

We stayed in the water for a while kissing and fondling each other's bodies. The room was glowing from the candles and the steam was rising off the water as we spent time enjoying the feeling of each other.

Julie then got up and slid over to my lap. She reached between her legs and guided my hard cock into her pussy. She sat down on me as the bubbles continued to swirl around us. She sat all the way down and I reached around her to hold a breast in each hand. Her nipples were hard and I played with them between my fingers as she slowly started to rise and fall on my cock. She leaned back against me as she continued to squirm and wiggle on my cock. I kissed her neck and grabbed both breast firmly in my hands and massaged them with a deep massage.

I pushed her forward and without pulling from her pussy we stepped over onto the other side of the hot tub so that I was fucking her from behind again.

I was pumping harder into her this time and the water was sloshing over the edge of the hot tub. I wanted her hard this time and she apparently wanted the same thing as she was grunting and groaning with each stroke. It was more animalistic this time than the first. I felt her hand reach back and cradle my balls as I was stroking in and out. I was holding onto her luscious ass cheeks as we fucked.

I was ready to cum again and she squeezed my cock in her pussy. At nearly the same time she said, "OHHH Fuck!" and I groaned as we came together. Her pussy was amazing as it contracted onto my cock and sucked the cum from deep inside me.

I held onto her and let my cock soften in her pussy.

I pulled my soft cock from her pussy and she turned to kiss me again.

She said, "We better get out of here before we look like prunes that have cooked too long."

We stepped out of the hot tub and grabbed a towel to dry off with.

We walked naked back into the family room where we sat and snacked on the shrimp. We drank some wine and exchanged some more "Cajun Shrimp."

I looked at the clock, it was nearly 12:30am and I had to get back to the bar to close down.

We took a shower together with some more kissing and grouping of each other. I stepped out to dry off and got dressed.

Julie and I both love to fish so we made plans the next day to go fishing together. Which is another whole story.

I kissed her goodnight, as she stood there naked in the candlelight. She was absolutely gorgeous as her clean skin glowed and she had that look of just getting fucked on her face.

It was very hard for me to leave such a beauty. I started for the door as she followed me and we kissed one more time. I told her, "I'll pick you up at 7am."

She kissed me again and said, "I can't wait!"

I drove back to the bar excited about seeing her again in the morning. I knew that fishing would end up with us fucking again and my dick started getting hard just thinking about it.