 After my boyfriend Rob introduced me to the wonders of sex in video peep booths and gloryholes, our sex life heated up even more. Now, when we would fuck, Rob and I would relive the experience. One night, while fucking my pussy doggy style, he reached around and diddled my clit with his fingers and whispered in my ear, "Is this how that stranger touched your pussy through the gloryhole?"

"Yes," I replied.

"Did you like when he touched you wet little cunt?" Rob prompted me.

"Yes.," I'd reply breathlessly. All the time, his cock drove in and out of my wet bald pussy.

"Did it make you feel like a little whore?" he asked. That put me over the top. Rob had finally found my weak spot. I had never confided in him how it turned me on when I felt like a slut. No one (except my perverted father) had ever called me that during sex. 

"Yes, I'm your little whore," I replied. 

"Do you like sharing your tight little cunt with strangers?" Rob asked.

"Yes...I love being a dirty little slut," I replied breathlessly. I reached down between my legs, putting my hand over his as he continued to fuck me and play with my clit. I reached back further and lightly tickled Rob's large balls with my fingernails. "Is this how he touched your balls, Sweetie?"

Rob grunted in agreement, as he lightly bit into my shoulder while pushing his cock up inside my to the hilt.

I spread my fingers apart and put them on either side of his cock as he continued to pound me. "Did he put his fingers around your big cock?"

"Yes, he did," Rob replied.

"Maybe next time, I could suck a stranger off through the gloryhole," I teased.

"Mmmm...maybe," Rob replied, banging his massive dick into me.

"And maybe, if your good, we can share his big fat cock together," I added.

When I said this, Rob grabbed me by the hips and started jack-hammering me. "You are such a dirty little fuckjing whore," he declared, punctuating each word by slamming into me. My pussy gushed all over Rob's fat dick. The walls of my vagina started pulsing, almost pulling the cock out of his rod as he pumped me full of creamy cum.

We both collapsed, Rob on top of me, his cock slowly softening inside my pussy. I could feel the cum dripping out and over my clit. "Do you like that?" he asked. "When I call you dirty names like that?"

"I love it. I want to be your little whore forever," I replied. "And you seemed to come pretty quick when I mentioned sharing another man's cock with me."

"Well:, he said sheepishly, "how do you think I found out about gloryholes in the first place?"

I couldn't believe it. My suspicions from our first date were true. Rob was bisexual! I knew he seemed to enjoy the taste of his cum on my tongue after a blow job a little too much. "Really?" I asked. "You've done things with guys before?"

"Well, a little.," he said. "Once, years ago, my cousin and I masturbated in the same room together while talking abut girls. And when I started going to the peep booths to jerk off a quick load after school, I started watching other guys jerk off in the booths next to me. I've jerked off two guys and let one suck my cock."

I could feel my cunt starting to warm up imagining Rob sucking off some stranger in the booths. I rolled over, moving Rob onto his back. I looked him in the eyes and asked, "So you never sucked a guy off?"

"No," he replied, "But I want to."

I reached down and grabbed his dick. It was getting hard again. "Would you suck him slow, like this?" I asked, moving down to his cock and slowly sucking it's growing length between my lips.

"Yes," he replied.

I sucked my way all the way to the base, and his cock was almost at full mast. Before I started to gag, I moved my mouth back up to the top, sucking steadily. When it popped from my mouth, a small bubble of pre-cum formed at the tip. I touched it with my fingertip and slowly moved my finger away from the head, creating a glistening thin string of pre-cum. Rob's eyes appeared to glaze over, like in a trance. "Would you taste his sweet precum for me?" I asked.

Rob swallowed hard before answering, "Yes."

I started jerking him off with my left had, while my right hand raised his left leg into the air. I lowered my mouth to his balls, and breathed warmly on them. "Would you lick his big loaded balls?" I asked. With that, I sloppily lapped at Rob's huge testicles, sucking first one, then the other, into my warm mouth. I could feel his body begin to tense up, as he answered, "Yes."

"And would you lick his tight little asshole?" I asked, quickly diving below his balls and tonguing the puckered eye of his ass. He couldn't answer at this point, and just grunted in agreement. I licked my way back up to the head of his cock, and gave it a deep suck. I quickened my stroking pace on his cock, and turned around into a 69 position without letting up on it. I put my right knee on the bed next to Rob's head, my pussy just inches from his mouth. I kept my left foot on the bed, and bent my leg so I could stare at him while I asked, "And what if he comes in your mouth?"

With that, I squeezed the muscles of my pussy, forcing Rob's still warm cum out into his mouth. Immediately his cock began spewing a new load. He shot so hard, he almost hit me in the face! His warm cum had now dripped form my wet pussy onto his waiting lips and tongue. He started to lick his lips as I continued to milk the cum from his cock. 

"No, no, no...," I chastised him. "Don't forget to share!" I quickly let go of his cock and laid next to him. We kissed deeply, sharing hi thick warm cum between our lips and tongues. We held each other close and drifted off to sleep. I slept soundly, secure in the comfort that I had finally met my perfect man...he was a gentlemen to me in public, was willing to treat me like the dirty little girl I was in private and was open minded enough to try anything...and we did. But that's for the next few stories!