 Any affiliation with parties both real and imagined is purely coincidental, this is an original work of my own creation. No children or animals are involved in this.

***

My pussy is pulsing with my racing heart, soaking my lace thong. My nipples hard with need. My mind is filled with thoughts of you pulling my wrists above my head and holding them tight while you lick, suck, and bite my Hershey kiss nipples. Before you even touch them they are taught and begging for your mouth.

That thick swollen cock slowly rubbing back and forth on my soaking wet pussy thats begging to be fucked until it can't take anymore. Teasing my swollen clit and drenched pussy. Your girth spreading my lips open, hungry and begging for your length to fill me while your mouth makes me saturated with need.

I want you to tie my hands together and hold my hips down while you use me any way you want to and I cant do anything but take that big cock every way you give it to me. Make me get on my hands and knees presenting my heart shaped ass high in the air for you. 

You tease me with that throbbing rock hard cock soaking yourself in the cum leaking from my tight pussy. You spank my ass and I cum when you call me your dirty little slut, moaning and screaming your name. The arch of my spine and the porcelain skin before you so exquisite you can't help but taste it.

You gag me so I don't wake up the neighbors and you start teasing my pussy with the tip of your cock, mercilessly rubbing my clit until I can no longer see. With practiced ease you turn me over and taste your way down my eager body spreading my trembling thighs. The top of your tongue spreads my lips and you take your fill of my excitement before licking and kissing your way to my clit. 

You press your lips softly to it, your tongue making small rhythmic circles around the spot I'm dying for you to be. As you finally reach that spot you softly suck on my clit making my hips buck into your face and you feel my moan in your groin. Already shaking, you lick and suck my tender button as if it were your last meal. You feel my core seizing with my body, my orgasm strong and heavy. Holding My hips firmly you suck and lick harder, watching my face as my eyes roll back into my head and I lose control of my body completely. You only stop so that I don't pass out completely, you want me to feel and remember everything you plan on doing to me.

You turn me back over into my knees, rubbing my soft skin as I slowly come down from my high. "I don't think I can take anymore" I barely whisper, your fiery member already teasing my entrance. "We'll see about that." You smirk as you slam that thick cock deep inside my pussy, and i squeeze every inch of you so hard I can feel your heart racing from pure lust. You slowly take your cock from me, making my addiction soar with need. Your expert hands guide themselves along my curves until you can twist and pinch my nipples just right and as I cum again you slam inside drowning your cock in my juices. You can barely hold in your release feeling me cum from both your cock and the pain I secretly love.

When you cant take anymore you hold my hips in place and pound me hard. Taking and using my pussy purely for your own pleasure. Seeing My ass bounce and jiggle around your cock, hearing me moan louder and louder making the temptation to cum impossible to ignore.

Each pump of your cock you can feel yourself leaking into me, making you slam into my pussy harder, while I clench you so tight you can barely pull yourself back. You smack my naughty ass hard, overcome by the feeling of my sex convulsing so intensely around you.

Your too-full balls swell and tighten, painful with the need to spray every drop. One last time you slam into me and I squeeze you hard, your cock deep and throbbing, stuck inside my heat. 

Thick streams of cum combust from you, filling my center to the brim. Your pleasure intense that your hips buck wildly, continuing to fuck me through your orgasm. You can barely breathe, your crescendo so acute. You feel your release with every movement, thick and plentiful until you've drained yourself completely. 

As you pull out one last time your seed starts pouring out of me and you can't resist sliding your fingers inside and rubbing your thick release all over my quivering rump. Loving the way it makes the pale white globes of my ass glisten.

You watch my pussy swell from being fucked and used by your monster cock and you feel yourself start to swell again just thinking about how tight you will be squeezed when you stretch my pussy again.

Slowly you force yourself back inside, right down to the hilt. Your grind your cock against my cervix your so deep and that alone makes me convulse as I cum and your hot cock gets drenched in me. 

You need to erupt again but you want to make my pussy detonate over and over before you let yourself have that. You take your time, teasing and pounding, fast and slow, doing every little thing you can to make me shake and quiver.

Every peak blends together making it almost impossible to keep your cock in my seizing body. You pull out and force my open mouth around your cock. "Kiss my cock baby, show me how much you love it, ow much you want that cum." 

I kiss your cock as soft as a first kiss. Making sure you feel every bit of my soft wet lips surround your head. Lightly and slowly I lick your shaft, still kissing and trying to tease every inch. 

You grab my neck squeezing and moaning from bliss, forcing my mouth onto your cock and you slide all the way into my throat. My tongue licks and teases as you slowly Fuck my hot mouth, only stopping when you feel yourself leak cum. Every drop you can't hold in you watch as it drips into my tongue and my eyes close needing to taste more of you.

You can't stop the wave of pleasure coursing through you. My pussy still convulsing, leaking on my thighs with every taste of your cock and my face flushed, eyes bleary with desire pushing You over the edge. You feel your balls swell and tighten once more. Every vein of your length bulging and throbbing. 

Your hands hold either side of my jaw, and I know to keep my mouth open and to suck as hard as I can. Knowing how badly I need to taste your cum you Fuck my throat.

You start slow, until you feel cum start filling your cock. One last time you force every inch into my throat, my face buried in your skin. 

Holding my head on your cock you let go, quickly filling my throat. Every spasm you feel more and more coming out of you and your cum starts to leak into my mouth. 

As the last drop comes out you pull your cock out of my mouth and it falls into my swollen red lips. 

You smile down at me reveling in the flush of my pale skin. You see the spasms still rocking my body from the intense orgasms you caused and my chest rising and falling as I struggle to catch my breath and say "I'm not done with you yet baby, that was just the beginning." You watch my eyes widen and gleam with need, and impossibly your cock starts to throb again.