 Disclaimer: The following events are entirely fictional, while the story itself should be considered to be a work of parody. I do not have permission from the Disney Corporation for the use of its Attractions, Theme Parks or Characters. The resemblance of any characters to actual Disney Cast Members is entirely coincidental.

*****

I felt like a big kid again; memories from my childhood flashed across my mind's eye. For the first time in ten years, I was walking down the middle of Main Street, USA, and I couldn't resist breaking into a little dance as I heard 'A Star is Born' - an upbeat jazz number from the movie 'Hercules' - burst forth from the speakers. Truly, the 'Disney Magic' was flooding though me, and I realised that I would have a chance, for a few days at least, to forget the mountain of work which waited for me back in England.

On the corner, I passed by the famous 'Casey's Corner', and inhaled the heady smell of hotdogs, mustard and fried onions. A Cast Member in a striped 'old time' baseball uniform gave a friendly wave as he emerged from within the building, struggling to squeeze through the crowd that was already thronging the main part of the diner; I smiled back, casually saluting in the manner of a ball player approaching the plate, and decided to make a point of coming back to the restaurant for lunch.

Although it was was barely 10am, the Park was full of people, and it took about fifteen minutes for me to fight my way up the length of Main Street. The turrets of Cinderella's Castle rose high into the clear blue Florida sky, the heavy rains of the previous night a mere memory as the temperatures once again soared, and I heard children gasping as the sunlight glinted off the golden pinnacles of the towers. A great cheer went up as 'Cinderella' emerged from great front gate, her trademark ball-gown billowing around her and her blonde hair shining almost as brightly as the towers of her Castle.

I smiled to myself. Even at twenty-five, I could still remember the first time that my parents had brought me to The Magic Kingdom, and a twinge of nostalgia knotted my stomach as I recalled the feeling of innocent wonder at seeing my Disney heroes seemingly come to life before my eyes. Nowadays, I knew the truth, but there was no harm in playing along with the fantasy; after all, a magician is nothing more than a skilled illusionist, but you still enjoy watching the tricks unfold, even after you learn the secret.

'Cinderella' was passing by me now, and I was on the point of turning to make my way towards the Castle itself when I met her sparkling blue eyes, and instinctively flashed her a warm smile. The Princess held out a gloved hand, expecting me to shake it, but I was struck by a sudden 'Disney Magic' moment; instead of the anticipated gesture, I bowed my head, raised her hand in mine, and gently kissed the back of fingers. "Charmed, Your Highness," I said as a straightened up, though the Cast Member appeared rather shocked by my piece of improvisation, and a flush of red was visible on her cheeks.

Nonetheless, she took it in her stride, and inclined her head gently towards me, preserving the illusion. "Have a nice day hun." I heard her whisper in a Southern drawl, making as if to move off down the line, "I can see that Prince Charming might be having some competition!" I grinned back at her as she gave me a conspiratorial wink, but our exchange was interrupted by the arrival of a group of schoolchildren awaiting a photo opportunity with the Princess. 'Cinderella' turned and gave them a dignified, regal-looking wave for the benefit of the crowd, smiled at me over her shoulder, and moved off.

I let out a low snigger as I carried on towards Fantasyland, musing over the idea of challenging 'Prince Charming' to a duel. Knowing my luck, 'Cinderella' had probably been referring some real-life boyfriend, who would most likely turn out to be built like the broad side of a barn, with the muscles of a prize-winning Texas Longhorn to match. In all honesty, I hated confrontation of any kind, so I couldn't really picture myself getting into a fight; no, far better to look elsewhere, unless 'Charming' was in the mood for a threesome of course...

Passing through the castle gate and leaving Main Street far behind me, I could see the tall, thin figure of Merlin the Enchanter standing by the stone and anvil which held King Arthur's sword, encouraging children and adults alike to try their luck in proving themselves the 'Once and Future King.' Another of the princesses - Belle this time - was making her way to the meet-and-greet pavilion next to 'It's a Small World', her gold dress shining in the late-morning sun and her dark brown hair flowing down over her shoulders.

However, my gaze was drawn to the parade approaching from the direction of Adventureland; the five Muses were sashaying their way along the street, and I could clearly see the short, plump, devastatingly voluptuous figure of 'Thalia' among them. True, it was some seventeen years since I had first seen 'Hercules' at my local cinema, and the Muses had only impacted upon my seven-year-old self in respect of my love of jazz, soul and blues music. However, that was before I hit puberty, after which time I found myself irrevocably drawn to 'Big, Beautiful Women,' and my opinion of the movie changed dramatically.

Watching 'Hercules' as an adult, I suddenly began to spot all of the sexual in-jokes which had previously gone straight over my head. I fell in love - at least as much as one can where a cartoon character is concerned - with 'Thalia' and her sassy, flirtatious personality. She seemed to me to represent the classic BBW archetype: bold, brassy, energetic and vivacious, with a sexual fire that seemed to be drawn from the very earth itself. Overnight, the busty, bubbly Muse of Comedy dethroned Jessica Rabbit as my #1 female Disney character. 

Obviously, I knew that the woman in the parade was an actress, but something in her movements suggested that she possessed a great deal of the 'spirit' of the character whom she portrayed. I heard the song 'Zero to Hero' boom forth from the concealed sound system, and the 'Muses' broke into their main song-and-dance routine. 'Thalia' threw herself around in a vamping freestyle jive, and I let out a loud whoop - much louder than I had intended - as she bounced and shimmied in front of me, her full curves rippling inside the folds of her chiton.

'Thalia' had definitely heard it, because she spun round and strutted up to me, her big dark eyes locked on mine and her hands on her swaying hips. As she reached me, she tossed her head as if to say "you ain't got a chance," snapping her fingers in front of my face and turning dramatically on her heel, giving me a teasing wink as she did so. However, when she was only a few paces away, I saw her look back at me over her shoulder and mouth the words "back entrance, ten minutes." I stared at her, wondering if I'd imagined it, but I saw her point at me as she rejoined the other 'Muses,' and surreptitiously nod in the direction of the Castle.

Throwing caution to the wind, I quickly retraced my steps, ducking out of sight of the crowds down a dead-end service ramp to the right of the plinth in which Arthur's sword still stood, transfixed and unmoved. It had taken me about five minutes to fight my way through the rest of the thronging visitors along the parade-route, and five more to locate the most likely spot for the anticipated rendezvous. Since it was highly likely that I'd got lost in 'the moment' and misinterpreted 'Thalia's' signals, I wasn't planning to hang around on a wild goose chase; after all, I had no wish to get thrown out of the Park for trespassing...

Just as I was about to give up, I heard the door at the bottom of the ramp creak open, and I gasped as 'Thalia's' head emerged from around the doorframe. "In here, quick!" she whispered, smiling at me and waving furiously as I stood gaping like a fish. The woman's voice was rich and deep, with a voice that suggested a Midwest origin; in fact, she sounded a dead ringer for 'Thalia' herself. My lack of a response clearly frustrated her, because the next thing I heard was a cry of "Move it you idiot!" and I dashed down the ramp and through the door, letting it bang shut behind me.

As I did so, 'Thalia' grabbed hold of my wrist, and I found myself being dragged along a corridor that ran up towards the Great Hall. Her grip was surprisingly strong, and I almost stumbled and fell as she led me through the winding backstage passages. However, instead of heading for the main body of the Castle, the woman - whoever she was - suddenly swung round a corner and pushed me into what appeared to be a service elevator; when the lift doors opened, a few moments later, I could tell that we were at least fifty feet above the Park. 

As 'Thalia' led me out of the lift and through a rather plain-looking door, the breath was practically knocked out of my body by what I saw. The room in which we now stood was the fabled 'Cinderella Castle Suite'; the most exclusive hotel room in the Park. The bedroom was dominated by two ornate queen-size beds, with a huge chaise-longue and sofa in the lounge area; the floor was inlaid with tiles depicting Cinderella's coach, while a massive portrait of the princess dominated the far wall. 'Thalia' sat down on the chaise-longue, stretching out her legs and kicking off her sandals, then beckoned me over to her, smiling at my stunned expression.

"I suppose you're wondering why I've brought you here?" She asked me as I slowly lowered myself onto the sofa. I was still too surprised to speak; I just stared around the room and nodded dumbly as she reached out a hand and gently closed my gaping mouth, stroking my face with her chubby fingers. "I thought that, given your reaction during the parade, you might enjoy a little 'private' performance?" She swung herself around so that her legs dangled across the arm of the sofa and her small dainty feet rested lightly in my lap. 

"Are you always this articulate?" She asked, clearly struggling to suppress a giggle. I recognised the reference to the movie immediately, and grinned back at her, one arm stretched along the back of the sofa. Slowly, 'Thalia' lifted one foot so that the instep rubbed against the underside of my chin, and I tentatively laid a hand on her calf so that her toes rested in the crook of my elbow. I felt the woman flex her foot, the sole now pushing against my bicep. "Did they give you a name to go with all those rippling muscles?" She enquired in languid tones, giving me another wink as she looked up at me through long lashes.

"Of course." I smiled as I let my hand slide up her leg to squeeze the flesh of her ample thigh. "I'm Dave, but my friends all call me 'Wonderboy.'" I had thought about telling her that my name was 'Hercules', but that would have been laughable; I couldn't believe that 'Thalia' had failed to notice either my own chubby frame or my short stature. Still, my response clearly entertained her, because she bent her right leg so that her foot, rather than resting in my lap, now pressed down on the bulge that had formed rapidly in my shorts. 

I let out a gasp as I felt her rub my cock through the material, a shiver running up my spine; I was still massaging her thigh with my left hand, and now moved my right hand on top of her foot, stroking her toes as she pushed down on my hard-on. "What do they call you then?" I asked in a hushed voice, struggling to maintain my composure. "I'm guessing that 'Thalia' isn't your real name, as much as it suits you." The woman smiled again, throwing back her head dramatically and drawing her hands up her body to emphasise her curves, cupping her large breasts and jiggling them so that they rolled around on her chest.

"Robin." She said simply, her eyes locked on mine as she pinched her nipples through the thin material of her chiton, "and yes, before you ask, this is all me." I felt her tug her foot free from under my hand, lessening the pressure on my now throbbing cock, and I let out a small whimper. Then, she lifted her left leg out from the crook of my arm and swung off the chaise-longue, standing in front of me with one strap of her chiton hanging from her shoulder. "I suppose you'll want to help me take this off then?"

"What if someone catches us?" I found myself asking nervously, as a sudden panic shot through my mind. True, I was feeling extremely horny, and it was obvious that Robin - it felt much better knowing her real name - was up for a good deal of fun; on the other hand, I'd heard stories of couples receiving lifetime bans from the Disney Parks after being spotted indulging in illicit hanky-panky. As much as I was relishing the chance of playing with this gorgeous woman in the most exclusive hotel room in the Magic Kingdom, I wanted to at least be able to come back for another ride!

"Don't worry about that honey." Robin grinned as she took hold of my wrists and pulled me to my feet, wrapping her arms around me so that I was smothered in a warm, tight embrace. "The other girls are on sentry duty downstairs just in case, but to be honest, no-one's supposed to come up here for hours." She kissed me lightly on the cheek and slid one hand down onto my arse as she gently pushed her hips forward. "After all, why do you think I decided to bring you up here?"

I swallowed hard as I felt my bulge press up against the bottom of Robin's belly; she was a good three inches shorter than me, and her large bosom was pancaking against my chest and stomach. I could feel her nipples stiffening under the material of her chiton, and she wiggled her body tantalisingly so that every curve jiggled and rippled between us. As Robin slowly relinquished her hold, I joined her in tugging the thin garment over her head, revealing a set of lingerie which, though functional, still made my cock twitch and strain against the confines of my shorts.

Like 'Thalia,' Robin had dark olive-coloured skin and her eyes were so dark that they were almost black; however, she had undone her topknot so that her short auburn hair framed her round, chubby face, drawing my gaze to her soft lips. Her bra and panties were a similar colour to her skin - doubtless so that they didn't show up under her costume - and made of plain cotton. The shape that they gave to her body was still wonderful, and I shyly reached out to brush my hand across one of the bra cups, lingering for a moment on the turgid nipple.

As I continued to caress her breasts through the soft material, Robin slipped her fingers into the waistband of my shorts and pulled them down, breaking out into a fit of laughter as she revealed the boxer shorts that I had purchased from the Disney Store a few days previously. "Mmm..." she mused, her finger stroking the Tigger motif on my left thigh; "I hope that you're going to enjoy bouncing with me...after all, I have to uphold my reputation as a Goddess!" She gave my arse another light slap and began to massage my cock with both hands, moaning slightly as it throbbed under her fingers.

"It feels like you've got a lovely big dick sweetie!" Robin whispered, leaning in and planting a soft, teasing kiss on my lips, "and those strong hands feel so nice on my big fat tits. Do you like how soft and heavy they are?" By way of an answer, I hefted the two huge mounds of breast flesh and gave them a firm but gentle squeeze, fiercely returning the kiss and letting out a long growl as I felt her tongue gliding over mine. Then, I flung my arms around Robin's shoulders and hugged her tight, crushing her to me as I unhooked the clasp of her substantial bra, our lips still locked together.

As we parted, the garment slid off of her shoulders, and I fell to my knees as her wonderful bosom was revealed in all its glory. Robin's massive breasts sagged without the support of her bra, and rested on her lovely plump belly; however, they were still large and full, and capped by big dark areolae that highlighted her fat juicy nipples. Now unable to reach my crotch, Robin took my head in her hands and pulled me towards her, smothering my face between her jiggling mounds; instinctively, I took a nipple between my teeth and began to suck furiously, using both hands to fondle each warm, soft tit in turn.

"Oh, you wonderful boy!" I heard her cry out, the voice muffled slightly due to Robin's hands being clamped tight over my ears. The stiffness in my pants was now almost too painful to bear, and I shifted my body so that I was in a position to grind my crotch against her leg. Robin let go of my head and tousled my hair playfully, the other hand now snaking into her cotton panties. "You're just like a horny puppy aren't you? And look, you've made your Goddess' fat pussy nice and wet!" Robin had obviously slipped back into character, and I could smell the heady, musky aroma of her juices as she rubbed her clit in unison with my grinding hips.

She grinned down at me, ignoring the fact that my face was still buried in her ample bosom. "I think I might just have to put you on a leash if you carry on like that!" I let go of her nipple with a loud, wet 'pop', and growled playfully as I continued to hump her leg; gazing up at her, I made what I hoped were suitably 'puppy-dog' eyes, my tongue lolling out of my mouth in imitation of my neighbours' Labrador Retriever. "Good boy." Robin smiled approvingly, raising me to my feet with her free hand. "I know you want to cum for me, but we're going to do this properly." 

With one hand still buried in her panties, she slipped the other into my boxers and grasped my stiff dick. She may have had chubby fingers, but Robin's grip was strong and firm, and she led me like a lamb into the bathroom, directing me to sit in a chair facing the huge whirlpool tub that took up one corner of the room. "Well what are you waiting for?" she panted, fingering her pussy furiously and mauling one of her huge, swaying breasts with her free hand, tugging on the stiff nipple as she did so. "Get those pants off and show me how you like to work that fat cock!"

I leapt to my feet, struggling to free myself from the confines of my boxers, and almost toppled over as they snagged around my ankles; Robin looked like she wanted to laugh, but she was clearly too turned on for that. Seated on the side of the tub, the crotch of her panties now semi-transparent, I could see that she had at least two fingers buried deep inside her pussy, with her thumb pressed hard against her clit. Finally releasing my feet, I practically tore my t-shirt off and advanced towards her, my rampant cock bouncing around as it stuck out like the bowsprit of a sailing yacht.

A long rattling moan escaped Robin's throat as I finally stood naked before her, and I saw the fire of lust burning in her dark eyes. My still-swaying dick was level with the huge expanse of her bosom, and I was seized by the urge to dive back between those lovely soft mounds. However, before I could do anything, she suddenly let go of the nipple which she had been pinching in time with the rhythm of her finger-fucking, and grabbed hold of my aching balls, rolling them around and giving me a slow, teasing squeeze. 

My head started to spin as Robin caressed the sensitive skin behind my sac, her middle finger stretching out so that it almost reached the crack of my arse. Then, she leaned forward, head swaying like a snake, and began to slowly flick her hot, wet tongue against the end of my cock, gradually letting the bulging tip slide between her lovely soft lips. As I felt her hot mouth clamp tight around me, I found myself instinctively pinching and tugging my own nipples, reaching out to try and fondle one of Robin's fat tits at the same time.

Unfortunately, our body positions didn't admit to such acrobatics, but I shifted my weight forward so that her swaying mounds were squashed up against my thighs. "Oh my God, that feels so fucking good!" I panted, eyes almost bulging out of my head as she took a couple more inches into her mouth, her lips now closed tight around my shaft. I could tell that Robin was still furiously fingering her pussy, because her body started to shudder, and she slid off the tub and onto her knees, moaning around my throbbing length as she was overtaken by the force of her orgasm. 
