 Our schedules were forgiving, creating a small window of opportunity for a little dinner play and passionate, hot sex. My mind wanders, thoughts of steamy sex drifting in and out... Wondering if you are feeling the anticipation too.

The day is here... Dinner at your favorite place and a room booked at resort, just a short walk away. Deciding on what to wear was a breeze, as you have told me which dress to wear. Short black mini, shear inserts to show you what you will be enjoying later, black heels, and nothing under as you requested... I'll carry a red purse for a little color. There is something so provocative about a man that tells a woman what to wear.

You in slacks and a button down, no sunglasses as I want to see your eyes, feel your soul. Oh, and nothing under as that was our deal.

We meet at the resort... Just a little foreplay, teasing and a quick taste of that gorgeous cock of yours as an appetizer. As we walk over for dinner, I know you want to feel my mouth around your throbbing cock again. Just as much as I want to feel it, taste it again, as the appetizer wasn't enough, just a tease. You are so still, sitting there at dinner, wondering when I will slip under the table and kneel before you, between your legs. I can feel the heat from the anticipation radiating from your hot body. I slide my hand onto your thigh, stroking it firmly. My hand moves between your legs... The heat rises... Your pants outline the very thing I am getting ready to enjoy. It excites me as I slide my hand firmly onto your cock and I feel it strain against your pants. I lean over and whisper into your ear... Sexy... Undo your belt and pants. What an advantage, with you and nothing under those pants.

As you scan the room with excitement, pounding heart and anticipation of what is next, I slip down and find my place between your thighs... Mmm sexy, it pleases me that you are so naughty.

You've slid forward slightly, not to draw too much attention. I take your cock into my hands and begin to stroke you.. Slowly at first with a little twist, I run my warm wet tongue up and down your cock, until your nice and wet.. Stroking you a little faster now I take you into my mouth, circling my tongue around the head of your cock, massaging under your head with firm pressure from my tongue, as I slide more of your hot cock into my mouth.. With my free hand I run my fingers gently along your balls. I can hear your little moans getting louder. Hearing your breathing getting heavier, as you try and maintain composure. I whisper up to you sexy... Faster, slower...tell me exactly how you want it... Mmm sexy, you can't get the words out, you only mumble in response. The pure ecstasy of it as taken you over. 

Sucking your cock is making my pussy so wet, and needing your touch. I continue to suck your cock, deep, I love the way you feel when you hit the back of my throat, I love feeling all of you in my mouth.. Mmm sexy, I stroke you faster now, sucking you harder and deeper as I stroke the base of your thick shaft, I can feel you tense up, I know you're going to cum.. I want you to cum, I want to feel your hot juices in my mouth again. I want to taste and enjoy you again Sexy... I take your cock out of my mouth, but I never stop stroking you.. As I stroke you faster and harder now, I look up at you, and tell you "Cum for me, I want you to cum for me now Sexy."

With that said, a few more strokes to your cock, and you shoot your sweet hot load my mouth, a drip escapes from my mouth, and runs down my chin. But it doesn't matter, I'm going to get dirty anyways.. Much dirtier... 

Before I swallow all your sweet tasting cum. Looking up at you, and now stroking you slowly, I open my mouth slightly and let your hot cum run out of my mouth and on to your now throbbing sensitive cock. I hear you moan such a sexy fucking moan as you watch your cum drip from my mouth and onto your cock.. Mmm I love the feel of your cum all over your cock as I stroke you.. I then take you back into my mouth sliding your cum up and down your now once again hard cock.. You taste even better than before. But I need to clean you up with my hot tongue.

I run my tongue slowly up your cock and back down, I want to fill my mouth up once again with your sweet cum.. Taking you in my mouth, all of you, I suck you deeper, and harder now, making sure to get every bit of your hot juice.

I lick every inch of you, kissing your cock, sucking you, slowly, deep, a tight but not to tight grip on your cock, I move my hand up until all your cum is now sitting at the tip of your cock. Opening my mouth I take you into my mouth, tasting every bit, licking and sucking your cock clean... Now that I've tasted you again Sexy, I stroke you a few more times before I feel my own pussy dripping.. I take two of my fingers and slide them along my wet lips.. I move up to you and kiss you, then I put my wet fingers to your lips and whisper to you "taste me sexy." You open your mouth and suck my wet juices off my fingers. I then kiss you deep, our tongues dancing together as you taste yourself in my mouth, I moan lightly into your mouth, as for you taste to fucking good. I then whisper again " Now I am going to fuck you hard Sexy after dinner." I want to feel that hard cock pump me until I cum for you, fill me with your hot sweet cum.

Although the walk back to the hotel is oh so short, it feels like an eternity with the anticipation of the sex to come. The thoughts of fucking you Sexy and the hot wetness between my thighs has made the walk almost unbearable. I wonder if you are feeling it too...

Finally in the room.. You embrace me and kiss me on the lips, deepening your kiss as you feel me respond to you. Your tongue slowly invades my mouth as your hands roam my back, pulling my hair and tipping my head back slightly, ravishing my neck.

I kiss you back, enjoying your skill and the anticipation of things to come. Your hands move to knead my bottom. My legs weakened a little as my body flushed with feminine appreciation. You finished the kiss moving to my ear, my knees buckle completely.

I grab your hand and lead you to the chair and tell you to sit. I plug in my iPhone and already have a song in mind. The music begins to play and I am feeling very sensual from your touch. I sway to the music, hands roaming my body, feeling, touching and stroking over my dress. My face and lips pouted sexily; my eyes closed and widened slightly in time with the music and the movement of my hands. Can you feel me Sexy?

The perfected looks of pure pleasure and sex emanates from my body and the flickering light from the candles I brought with me, heighten the sensuous feeling as I dance for you Sexy. You watch transfixed and in awe of this woman before you, oozing such raw sex aimed directly at you, knowing I want that gorgeous cock of yours.

My hands roam to my bottom and squeeze and knead my cheeks. I feel the material of my dress caress my skin with the movements of my hands. The material sensuously grazed my tummy, my hips and my soul.

Getting lost now in my movements and knowing you are entranced and watching me intently, I let the naughty woman in me take over. I moan oh so softly and start to whisper my naughty, seductive thoughts.

"Do you like what you see Sexy?" 

"Mmm, You want to touch my body? Feel how hot I am in your hands?" 

"I'd like that, your hands touching, stroking, fondling me, making me hot, crazy, wild for you." 

"You want to see my body Sexy?"

"My tits bared for your eyes, my nipples peaked & hard for your lips and teeth?" 

"You want to kiss my tummy? Your tongue invading my belly button mmm Sexy?"

"You want me to inch my dress up so you can see my thighs?"

"Shall I take my dress off for you? Slowly, very slowly so you can see my hot, wet pussy?" or would you prefer ripping it off of me Sexy... I don't mind.

"Mmm, I want you Sexy, I am so hot and wet for you now."

Shall I turn round for you and bend over? would you like that? Seeing my ass and pink pussy lips mmm, maybe smack it for me.

You enjoy my naughty suggestive words, as well as, the sexy dance before you. I see your cock growing, straining against your pants, wanting to be unleashed. You unzip your pants, releasing your swollen, throbbing cock and begin to stroke yourself, following my direction. You know it would be wise of you not to disobey. 

My hands continue to roam my body, fondling and squeezing my tits, sucking my finger seductively and rimming my nipples. They were clearly hardened now and protruding through my dress. I pull my dress up slightly as I sit in your lap, rubbing my ass on your cock, can you feel my hot wetness for you Sexy?

You want me. The lust in you was building and getting stronger as i tease and provoke you. Making you feel alive.

I unzip my dress, it falls down to my waist slowly and seductively. My tits exposed to you... Then the dress lowered more, still sexy and slow until it pools at my feet and i step out of it. 

I open my legs a little and feel down their full length, picking up my dress and then toss it in your direction. You catch it deftly and fling it on the floor next to you. Your eyes glued to the woman in front of you, wanting me. Wanting to fuck me hard.

I stroke my body more to tease you, letting you feel the anticipation. I moan and voice more of those naughty thoughts. You know by my naughty thoughts, you are getting me hotter.

I move to dance closer to You Sexy, my body is in perfect rhythm with the music. I take your free hand and place it on my tit briefly, then moving it quickly, bringing your mouth to it. I close my eyes and throw my head back as i enjoy you feeling and sucking my tit with your soft lips Sexy.

You release your cock and used both hands to squeeze each of my tits, wanting more. You bite my nipples, making me moan with pure pleasure. Your lips kiss them taking your time to soothe the bite.

"Take your clothes of!" I beg you, relinquishing the control to you, to do as you please. You refuse. You move down and touch my pussy, feeling the wetness drip from your hand. My back is arched, my pussy is aching to fuck you. You tease my clit, making me wanton and then cup my pussy, that you have already ignited, grinding gently. The aching inside heightens as my moans become breathless.

Your mouth meets mine, you deepen the kiss and enjoy this naked woman before you, in your arms. Standing there with that gorgeous cock of yours sticking out from your pants.

Your thoughts drift as I have relinquished all control to you and you strip suddenly, wanting to taste me. Your thoughts are overpowering and the urge so strong. You can not stop, even if you wanted to. You push me onto the bed and spread my legs, my shiny, wet, pink pussy exposed to you. You see my pink lips glistening from the candle light and my excitement. You mentally photograph it to your memory. At last, after all these months you think, I am finally going to taste her.

I am so turned on and when you pushed me onto the bed and he spread my legs, I nearly orgasmed there and then. I know you were looking at my pussy and this heightens my arousal even more.

You lower your head and nuzzle my pussy with your face, taking me with your mouth. You kiss me intimately, tasting and savoring my excitement, my wetness and then your tongue starts to work its magic on my click while your fingers find their way deep inside of my pussy. Mmm Sexy, I can feel you right now.

You are taking your time, enjoying this, backing off, to tease my inner thighs. Your lips and tongue made small circles on one thigh, then the other, each time moving in a little closer to my pussy again. You know you have me worked up to an extreme state of arousal and would cum almost instantly, but you don't let me. Your such a bad boy Sexy.

You pause to take off your shirt then. Kneeling in front of me, you gently lift my ass up and place a throw pillow underneath the small of my back, propping my hips up.

Pushing my legs wide open, my wet pussy ready for your special attention. With your right hand you gently spread my lips open with two fingers, then with your left index finger began to tap My clit gently. 

"Oh my God," my mind screams silently and my flushed body produces a monumental amount of wetness straight to my pussy. Dripping with my desire, i moan as you touch my sensitive clit.

Gasping and breathing rapidly, i whisper "I won't last much longer, If you do that." My mind was already sinking into a state of sexual oblivion as my body turned primitive and began thrusting, Wanting, needing, you so much to fuck me hard.

You didn't want me to cum just yet, cupping my pussy and me watching the expressions on your face. Pleasure, want, need, frustration and little moans of protest are all I can do, as you have total control Sexy.

You smile and lean over near my ear, "Tell me what you want?" You, I answer, writhing into your hand. Tell me what you want me to do, you say. I want you to Suck me, I whimper.

"Louder," you demand. "LICK ME PLEASE," I beg, "PLEASE LICK ME NOW."

You smile and with that you lower your head and kiss my pussy, once again tasting and savoring me. Your tongue explores and licks my lips, and you begin to enter me with force. Then trace my outline, my clit, my pussy... He rim, kiss, lick, teeth grazed and suck. You leave no area untouched by your expert tongue and soft lips Sexy.

You begin to finger me and stroke my G spot. I respond pushing into your face, writhed, then it turns into thrashing and grabbing at your head and hair as I push as much of my pussy into your face and fingers as I possibly can. Wild animal need encompasses me, nothing else matters at this moment except my greedy satisfaction. Wet pussy juices cover your face and chin as I grind and smother you.

Close now, I writhed harder, faster, and then, You begin flicking and sucking my clit and pushing your finger into my pussy hard. I let out a breathless moan as My back arched and toppled and then crashed into an incredible orgasm. Juices flood your tongue as you push into me at the moment of my release. You growled in male satisfaction as i pull and tightened my grip on your hair Sexy.

You feel those sinful tremors on your fingers and rippling through the wall of my pussy. I quiver and tremble as spasm after spasm takes over my body. My release is so powerful and strength sapping, it resonates throughout my body causing my legs, arms and whole body to shake. You are very pleased with what you have just done to me.

But we are not done, not even close. You move me to the edge of the bed, on my front , and bend my knees under me, so ass is uplifted to you. 

Mmm Sexy, how about a little twist? You finish the rest... Keep in mind, that I also brought along a bag of toys. Use them as you desire, the way you want to be fucked by me.