 Several years ago I met my family for the first time. They were all really great people. I have grown to respect and love them for the loving they have given me. One of the members of my family however, made me feel quite unusual. I was only a teenager at the time. I figured having a crush on my cousin was normal and would go away. Every time we would play together the sexual innuendos had my senses screaming. I told myself that this was a stupid thing for me to think, but I could not stop thinking about what he would look like naked, or on top of me, or how it would feel to have him kiss me. Well, time went on, and I did nothing about my feelings. How was I to know if he felt the same sexual attraction I did, and the simple fact that he was my cousin.... I just couldn't bring myself to do anything.

About ten years have passed since He and I first met. We each went on to do our own thing. I went to college and he went to the Army. I rarely saw him. Still the attraction lingered, but I would never admit it to myself. Recently, my grandmother got seriously ill and they called him back home. I was so happy to see him, and the pang of attraction gripped me like a vice. I hugged him and said hello, then watched him from underneath my eyelashes, my insides melting. My how he had grown: So muscular, so tan, so hot. I found out he was engaged to some little kid still in high school and wanted to speak to him about it in private. He followed me to the quiet room. I shut and locked the door. 

We talked for a few minutes and then I looked at him and spoke bluntly, "JC I am about to tell you something that has been a secret of mine for years. I am very attracted to you sexually." I bit my lip and looked up for his reaction. HE started laughing and said he had always felt that way about me, but he couldn't act on it since we were cousins. I was so relieved. We talked about our feelings for a few minutes. I was sitting on a chair and he on the couch. I couldn't wait, I had to do it. I got down on my knees in front of him and kissed him soundly on the lips. He was surprised at first but then kissed me back. We were locked in the embrace, kissing and touching each other. My hands explored his body, my pussy grew wetter. He explored my body, I could feel his dick getting harder and growing. 

I pulled him down onto the carpet on top of me. We grinded our hips together, eager to fuck each other out of our minds. We had been waiting for this for ten years. I slid his shirt off and started to undo his jeans, when he interrupted my impatient hands and pulled off my blouse. I didn't wear a bra and my nipples were so hard not only from my feelings about him, but also because of the coldness of the hospital. They were a size C, pretty good size for my rather slim body. He licked one nipple and suckled on it, then moved to the other resulting in a gasp from me. My hands explored his chest and then moved down to his zipper. I unzipped his pants and slid my hands inside, bringing them around to caress his perfect ass. I squeezed as he trailed his kisses up my chest and all over my neck.

I was so hot and wet already it wouldn't have mattered if he wanted me right then, I was ready. I slid his pants and boxers down with my hands and then my legs revealing his dick to me. My hands met it first, caressing and stroking it. It felt so good in my hands. I pushed him over and my lips followed my hands. I kissed his cock and then licked it. One hand caressed his nuts while the other stroked the bottom half of his cock. My mouth took the rest sliding up and down his dick, sucking and licking on it. He groaned in pleasure and tried to move his hips to fuck my mouth. I took the whole of him in my hot lips then, he shuddered and groaned louder. His fingers entwined in my hair as I gave him a blowjob that no preppy high school kid could give him. When his precum wetted my tongue I decided then to mount him.

With a leg on either side of his hips and my hands on his chest, I slid his hard cock into my wet pussy. It filled me and felt so good, I almost came right then. His fingers played with my breasts as I started to move slowly up and down his shaft. I could feel every ridge on his cock. I coated it with my juices and it slickened his cock for me. I started to move faster, but he stopped me. I looked down at him and he grinned. "Doggy style baby."

I gladly got over on all fours. He slid his cock in from behind, all the way in my pussy, hitting my G spot. He slowly slid in and out of me, I thought I would die. The orgasm hit me hard and I yelled out. He slid his hand over my mouth and kept on fucking me senseless. My Pussy pulsated around his cock, driving him to distraction. He finally let go and started to slam his cock into my wet hot pussy. I wanted to be quiet, but I am sure there were times when I wasn't. The slapping sound of hip to thigh joined in with our moans as we finally came together. His cum spurted inside me over and over, so deep I could never get enough.

Still heaving from the best sex I had had in a long time, we laid down, him still inside me, he spooning me. "Do you think we could do this again sometime?" He asked. 

"I believe we can make it happen." I replied

Stay tuned for any other adventures He and I May have.....