 I am a thirty-year old woman with a lot of secrets. People say that small towns have secrets. Large cities have secrets too, just a lot more of them. I went to the largest university in the state, which happened to be in my hometown. I got a degree in Accounting and then sat for my CPA. After college, I started an accounting firm in the second largest city in my state. My firm specializes in small and medium sized businesses. I have been told by a number of men that "there is something very sexy about you". They have never been able to define what makes me sexy, so I just take it as a complement and move on. 

I am only five foot two inches tall. I have a small frame but an athletic build. I work out daily, so I am very toned but not muscly. I have long brown hair and dark green eyes. In college, I did a fair amount of modeling. I was an oddity on the runway though. Most of the girls were very tall and very skinny. My jobs were usually for things like exercise clothes, sports bras and leggings. I did a fair amount of dating in college but have yet to find my prince charming. My mother says I am too picky and a bit too bitchy, but in my state, the choices are few and far between and I have standards. 

The nice part about owning an accounting firm, is that my clients tend to be educated and wealthy. Once I opened my firm, I quickly met many of the movers and shakers in the city. Like most "southern" cities, the majority of the businesses are owned by men. Most of these men are middle aged and pillars of the community. When they are not working, they are going to church, coaching youth sports or doing something charitable in the community. The community is a picture of middle-class America, wholesome and very proper. However, if you scratch the surface slightly, you discover that these community giants have their share of dirty little secrets. It didn't take long before I discovered this. I soon found my self knee deep in the dirty underbelly of this proper world.

Within the first year of opening my practice, I had acquired a couple of nice accounts. My first large account was a whiskey distiller. The company was family owned and was now in its fourth generation. John, the current head of the distillery, was in his mid-forties, married, with three teenagers. He was the typical workaholic man and his wife was the typical wife of somebody with money. While he worked non-stop, she spent her time playing tennis, riding horses and spending large quantities of money. The kids were the typical rich kids with too much money and not enough parenting. His son was a real player even at an early age. His two daughters were on their way to getting pregnant before they entered high school. They were the typical screwed up rich family. 

John came to me one day and had a special request. He had acquired himself a twenty something girlfriend and needed me to set up some accounts for him to make sure she was taken care of. Needless to say, this all needed to be quite hush hush. I did as he requested and his new squeeze was told to contact me if she needed money. It didn't take long before she needed something. She stopped into the firm and specifically asked for me. I invited her into my office. She was exactly what I thought she would be. Small, blonde, fit, and built for speed. It became very obvious that he was not seeing her for her sterling conversation and snappy patter. No, she was a fuck toy and dumb as a box of rocks. She told me that John had told her that he was going to purchase her some new tits and that she needed to have me pay the plastic surgeon for her. I just shook my head and told her that I would take care of it. A short time later, his little Barbie had her new titties and he had his little fuck toy exactly how he wanted her.

John was a real mover and shaker in the community. He was very respected by the other businessmen in the area. Soon, I found myself with a long line of new clients, all referred by John. Many of his referrals had similar issues as John. Most had women on the side, a few had men, which in my area is still very taboo. I became very well known for my ability to keep my mouth shut. I became the go to person in the area for keeping things under wraps. 

My business was booming. About three years into my practice, one of my clients, who happened to be our Mayor, began flirting with me. In his real life, the Mayor was one of the largest race horse breeders in the area. He had money coming out his ears. He knew I was single, so he assumed that I might be interested in his advances. I was not. He was twenty years older than me and simply not my type. Oh, by the way, he was very married too. I spurned his advances, regularly. This just made him try harder. Soon, he began throwing money at me. He bought me a very expensive purse and gave it to me one evening. On another occasion, he sent me a pair of very expensive high heels, with a note that said that my legs would look beautiful in these heels, wrapped around his waist. It was all getting to be too much. I invited him to my office to put a stop to it.

The Mayor arrived at about 7 pm for our meeting. He came in with a big smile and a bulge in his suit pants. I quickly told him that I was not interested in him and that he needed to take his gifts back. He laughed loudly and reached into his pocket and put a stack of money on my desk. I looked down at the pile then back at him and asked him what he was doing. What he said next, floored me. He said that when he has sex with his wife, he fantasizes about me. 

He said that I was the most beautiful women he had ever met and that he wanted me to know that whatever I wanted, he would provide for me. I stuttered through some sort of a response, that quite frankly made no sense. He then stood up and unbuttoned his pants and dropped them to the floor. His very average cock sprung to attention. With his left hand, he pushed the money towards me, while his right hand grabbed is cock. He then told me to tell him that I wasn't interested in him. I did. I told him that he was disgusting and that he should leave. The rejection excited him. He began stroking his cock faster. Again, I told him to leave. His hand furiously stroked his cock harder. I told him that if he didn't leave, I was going to call the police chief. He began to breathe very hard. I then picked up the phone and told him I was calling his wife. A long ribbon of cum flew across my desk as he let out a deep, guttural groan. It was quickly followed by three more shots of his gooey mess. I slammed the phone down and told him to leave. As he recovered, he smiled broadly and wiped off the tip of his cock with a tissue from my desk. He pushed the money over to me and told me that I deserved every damn dollar and said there was plenty more where that came from, turned and left my office. I sat there shocked, then grabbed a handful of tissues and wiped up his mess off my desk. I picked up the money and counted it. To my surprise, it totaled $2,000. 

That night, while trying to fall asleep, I ran the whole scene through my head. The Mayor had just given me $2,000, to talk shit to him, while he jerked off. What kind of sick fuck does that, I thought? As I feel asleep, my mind was full of crazy ideas. A few days passed. My assistant called me and told me that she had scheduled an after-hours appointment with the Mayor at the office for that evening. I asked her what he said he needed and she told me that he said he had a hard problem he needed my help with. 

That evening, he arrived with his typical politician grin across his face. I was cold and very firm with him. I asked him what he wanted. He reached into his pocket and threw another wad of money on my desk. Before I could say anything, his pants were down around his ankles. I told him that he was disgusting and that his cock was just average and ugly. He moaned and jerked furiously. I told him that he was not allowed to cum on my desk again because his cum was gross. His hand flew quickly across his shaft. I handed him a couple tissues and told him to get it over with and cum. He shook his head no. I told him I was going to give him five seconds to cum. If he didn't, I was taking his money and leaving. I began to count down from five to zero. He began to squeal like a pig as his hand pumped uncontrollably. 

As I hit zero, I reached for the money and his body bent in half as he had a strong orgasm. He pumped his disgusting snot into the wad of tissues as his body convulsed. I folded up his cash and told him that I was leaving. I told him not to put his nasty, cummy tissues in my trash. He needed to throw then into the toilet. He shook his head and said nothing as he began to come down from his orgasmic high. I left him standing in my office with his pants down around his ankles. I unfolded the cash, another $2,000. It didn't take a rocket scientist to figure out that this could be a great second income.

The next day, I went to city hall and walked right into his office and shut the door. His eyes were open wide like saucers. I told him that from now on, I was in control and that he was going to follow my rules. No more big smiles and jerking off in front of me. I told him that the price was now $3,000 and that from now on he was going to do as he was told and that I would decide when he was going to cum. He just shook his head. I turned around and walked back out of his office. As I walked down the hall, I felt my pussy get very wet. It appeared that my body liked me in charge. Being bitchy excited me. I kind of liked it too. 

That night, I took some of my earnings and did some shopping. I searched the internet for some very sexy lace up boots, a tight black skirt and a silky white top. They all arrived on the next day. I popped into the executive bathroom and slipped into my clothes. Damn, I looked hot! I had the naughty school teacher/dominatrix look down pat. I giggled. I knew damn well, that the Mayor would cream his pants as soon as he would see me in this, and for $3,000 a pop, I didn't care if he got off, one way or the other.

A week passed before the Mayor called for another appointment. I set it for 7 pm and told him to be prompt. He responded with a yes ma'am. A few minutes after the office closed, I put on my little costume. It didn't take long before the wetness began to flow down below. The thought of having total control over him actually excited me a bit. He was "all powerful" and seemed to be in total control at all times. Yet, in front of me he was a sick, little perverted masturbator. What made a man, with so much to live for, act so sleazy? What made him think that walking into my office and jerking his cock off in front of me was appropriate or even something that I wanted? The more I thought about it, the more I just wanted to fuck with his mind and take his money from him. It was obvious that he knew what he was doing was wrong. He assumed that paying me cash would keep me quiet, or maybe it relieved him of some guilt he felt about the whole situation. At this point I didn't care. I decided that I was going to play his game, take his money and fuck with his sick, perverted, brain.

The door opened promptly at 7 pm and the Mayor entered. He walked into my office and smiled broadly at me. I sternly looked at him and demanded that he shut the door. He seemed surprised at my reaction and did as he was told. I then barked out another order. I told him to pull down his pants and get on his knees in front of me. The Mayor looked wide eyed at me. I forcefully told him to get down. He responded with a yes ma'am. The Mayor quickly unzipped his trousers and they fell to the floor. He then pulled down his underwear. His cock poked straight out towards me. He then dropped to his knees in front of me. I stepped towards him and demanded that he keep his left hand behind his back at all times. I explained to him that if he ever touched me, that I would end our sessions forever. He agreed. I told him to hand me the money. He fumbled for his wallet and soon $3,000 appeared. I slipped it into my bra. Then, I raised the toe of my black, high heel, laced up boot and gently lifted his cock up. He moaned softly at my touch. I asked him if he wanted to cum and he whispered yes. I told him that I was going to give him exactly one minute to jerk his cock off. If he didn't cum in one minute, I was going to kick him in the balls as hard as I could, then leave him there on the floor. To my surprise, he squealed like a little girl and began to tremble with anticipation. 

I reached over to my desk and picked up my cell phone and set a timer for one minute. He grabbed his cock with his right hand and looked at me as if he wanted permission to start. I turned the phone so he could see the screen, pressed the button and said GO! He began stroking his cock as if it was on fire. I looked down at him and told him that he was disgusting and that I didn't think he was man enough to cum in the allotted time. He mumbled a short protest back to me about how he was man enough. I laughed at him, then I pushed the toe of my boot into his ball sack. As I did, I told him that I was going to enjoy kicking his balls right off his body. He began to shake violently. Loud squeals filled the room. I pressed the boot hard into the spot where his cock met his balls. As I did, the timer hit ten seconds. I turned the screen to me and began counting down, 10, 9, 8... Shortly before I hit one, he let out a guttural moan, then a long ribbon of white snot, shot from his cock. His cum landed on the toe of the boot. The second shot of cum found itself covering the laces a little further up. I pulled my boot back as the third, fourth and fifth shot hit the hardwood floor of my office. 

It took a minute for him to come down from his orgasmic high. As he did, I looked down at him with a disgusted look. I told him that I had not given him permission to cum on my new boot and that he needed to clean it up. I leaned back on my desk and moved my foot up to his mouth and told him to clean up his mess.

The Mayor looked up at me with sad puppy dog eyes as if to say he was sorry. I didn't care. He needed to submit to me and do as he was told. I shoved my boot up to his lips and demanded that he clean my boot off. He slowly began to lick his slimy goo from my boot. With each lick, I told him how disgusting I thought he was. Surprisingly, this seemed to encourage him. At first, he did a half ass job cleaning up. I told him I was not satisfied and that if he didn't do a good enough job, I would kick his balls into the next county. He immediately began to slurp his way up and down my boot. Once he was finished, I used the sole of my boot to push his face back. I looked down at the puddle of white snot on my floor. I told him that his cum did not belong on my floor and that I was going to show him what I though about his sperm. I then took the sole of my boot and pressed it hard into his little puddle of goo. I could feel the slipperiness of his sperm beneath my boot. I then lifted up my boot and placed the sole against his lips and told him to lick it off. The Mayor began to tremble again. His now flaccid penis started to drip. His tongue slowly licked the bottom of my dirty boot sole. I repeated the process until he had cleaned up almost every bit of his mess. He was now my nasty submissive cum licker.

As he finished his task, I looked down at him and told him to get out of my office. I turned and sat back at my desk and ignored him. He quietly put his pants back on and as he left, he gently whispered the words, thank you mistress. As I heard the office door close, I began to laugh. Holy shit, I thought. I had just gotten the most powerful man in our city to jerk off at my feet, then lick up his nasty cum AND pay me $3,000 to do it. What a fucked-up mess this was. 

Then, I felt it. My panties were soaked through. My pussy was wetter than it had been in years and I was actually now very horny and in need of some attention. Without thinking, I hopped up from my desk and drove to a local club that catered to the professional folks in the city.

I entered the club and immediately headed to the bar for a drink. Every person in the club turned and looked at me. I didn't know why at first. I got to the bar and the bartender commented that he really liked "my look" tonight. Fuck, I thought! Damn it, I was still in my clothes from the office. I was standing in the middle of a professional establishment, dressed up like a dominatrix. I nearly fainted. The bartender realized I was embarrassed and again told me that I looked really hot. He said that "I really rocked that look". I turned beet red and thanked him for the compliment. It didn't take long before I had a lot of male attention. 

An hour or two of drinks and flirting with a bunch of guys then ensued. At about 11 pm, a very handsome and very eligible criminal attorney approached me. He leaned over and whispered into my ear that he was going to do me a favor. I asked him what that might be. He said that he was going to make sure I got home safely. He said that I had a bit too much to drink and if I got arrested going home, he would have to defend me. It was illegal to date someone he represented. He then asked me if I needed an attorney or someone to take me home. 

Yes, I admit that I was tipsy, however, that was probably one of the pick-up best lines anyone had ever used on me. I reached up and pulled his ear to my lips and told him that I needed him to take me home and make sure I was tucked in my bed. Seconds later, Bradley, my new attorney friend was whisking me home.

When we arrived at my place, the combination of wet pussy, horniness, alcohol and an amazingly hot attorney immediately resulted in some very heavy petting. My new friend told me that it was time to tuck me in. I grabbed his hand and walked him to my bedroom. I stood by the bed and asked him to help me get undressed. He deftly removed my blouse with one swift movement. Next, my bra hit the floor. As it did, his lips gently caressed each nipple as his hands massaged my mounds. My head fell backwards as my body fell towards his. He laid me on the bed and removed my tight skirt. My very wet panties gave away any secrets, I may have been keeping, about how I felt. 

His strong hands slid my underwear down my legs and past my boots. He stood up and looked down at me, naked on the bed, wearing nothing but my knee high, black lace up boots. I watched as he began to get undressed. Within seconds, I could see his strong chest and nicely muscled arms. I looked down to find he was sporting a nice, thick cock, that was already fully at attention. He reached down and slid me further onto the bed and placed himself between my legs. His warm lips pressed against mine as his hands explored my body. My hands explored his firm muscled chest, then his amazing six pack of abs. I continued further south till my hand reached is very rigid cock. I grabbed it firmly and rubbed the tip, up and down, across my pussy lips. He moaned softly and told me how good that felt. I told him that it felt even better inside. Within a split second, he was fully inside me.

The feel of his hard cock, deep inside me, was amazing. I wrapped my legs around his waist and locked my ankles together. It was then I realized my boots were still on. He moaned out his approval and began to whisper in my ear. He told me that I was a tease and that he thought I dressed like a naughty girl to get attention. I lightly protested and told him that I didn't dress up to get attention. As I did, he stopped thrusting and propped himself up over me and asked me if I wanted his attention. I blurted out a FUCK YES, I want attention right now. I pulled his head down to mine and stuck my tongue deep inside his mouth as I tightened my grip around his waist. He began to thrust his cock deep inside me as I began to moan loudly. He asked me if I was naughty, I said yes. He asked me if I wanted more attention, I said yes. Again, I pulled him close to my now sweating body and dug my long French tipped nails into his back. He let out a howl and told me that I was a very naughty girl and he was going to show me what happens to naughty girls. Within less than a minute, his body stiffened, I could feel his balls tighten. A second later, he stopped breathing completely, then let out a primal howl, as he began to fill my wet hole with his warm gift. 
