 "You are so beautiful, angel..."

There was no way she would let this boy leave her tonight. He was her best friend, her boyfriend, and tonight they would truly begin their love affair. She just had to figure out a way to break down the walls inside his mind and heart. She had a feeling it would be a long night, and maybe even a long month. She smiled at the thought...

"I'm so happy you think so. I had started to believe you thought I was ugly."

"WHAT?!" Parker exclaimed in disbelief. 

"Well... its just that... You... never touch me... or try to..." Miranda looked down, slightly embarrassed.

"Oh God... I want you all the time. Sometimes you just smile, or... hold me... and, well... I, um, you know."

She put on his shirt and lay back on the bed. She motioned for him to join her and he obliged. He started buttoning up the shirt she had purposefully left open, but she didn't mind at all; he was touching her. His knuckles grazing the skin of her stomach and chest, she shivered from just the small embrace. They lie facing one another she stared at his slightly freckled chest and didn't fight the urge to run her hand across its smoothness.

"No. I don't know. Tell me please."

"I get uhh... hard." He said after what seemed an eternity. 

She stared at her fingers playing with his chest. Miranda thought his little man-nipples were just edible and she considered taking one within her mouth. She couldn't afford to make a mistake though, and so she stilled her fingers and looked into his eyes.

"Really? I don't believe you... I haven't even touched you down there...yet" She played more innocent than she really was.

"I swear it's true, love" He laughed. The mood had lightened enough for him to laugh and for her to make the next move. 

She smiled wickedly, "Then show me."

"Show you?! Have you lost your mind?" His eyes were wide, even as he laughed off her comment.

"Well, think about it, you've seen me. You've seen my breasts and nipples harden from your touch." She brought his hand to one of her covered breasts, knowing the words were affecting his breathing. "You've seen my tummy, even tasted its sensitive skin as I moaned beneath you. And you've even seen my most private parts, hot and wet with arousal."

She had moved his hand down her tummy to her mound as she spoke. His breathing had increased rapidly. Instead of placing his fingers in her wetness, she kept his hand at the base of her stomach and wriggled her legs just a little so he could feel the heat rise up.

"We cant do this..." He groaned, shaking his head.

"We aren't doing anything baby, I promise. We are just talking, that's all. Just some talk and a little touching. Just talking about how you make me feel. About how wet I get when you touch me and how much I crave your kisses. How I dream about that tongue of yours all over my body... I ache for you." She said softly, coming closer and closer to his mouth with each word until she reached out to tease his lips. Before she could move away, however, he moaned pulling her closer so he could slide his tongue into her waiting mouth. His hands spread across her back and ass putting her right against his bare chest.

She was the one who broke contact this time. "So it isn't really fair is it? That you've seen me, touched my bare skin with your rough fingers and hot tongue making me cry out with pleasure but I haven't seen you." She pouted prettily causing him to take her bottom lip into the soft suction of his teeth and mouth. Sighing she began kissing him again as she slid her nails down his stomach to the button of his pants. She was afraid he would stop her but he just deepened the kiss.

Soon he was in his boxers and she decided to leave him like this. Miranda had never taken the role of the seducer; she found its power to be quite enticing. She was so wet and she hadn't even done the traditional dirty talk yet, she was taking it slow with Parker; ensuring her win of his attention. Breaking away from his mouth, she decided to play the "this is too hot" card.

"Oh Parker, mmm, it feels so good to be with you like this, but lets take a breather or I might have to straddle you and ride until we both are screaming. My imagination is so strong when it comes to you... I can just see us doing all the things I want to do with you."

He leaned into her cheek with his mouth, "What things?" he asked, breathless. She had gained his interest and that was a major improvement- that and the fact that they were both almost naked.

"Well," she pushed at his shoulder until he was lying on his back, rolling with him. She crooked her leg over his stomach so as to not touch his erection, but come so close it would be on his mind. Her fingers running through his short hair, down his neck and across his chest repeatedly, she smiled into his eyes as she continued, her voice soft. "I dream about you coming here after work and finding me in the shower. You watch me through the glass washing and, because I don't know your there, I start touching myself. I glide my hands through my wet hair and across my neck down to my breasts. I flick my nipples, my eyes closed and head back. One hand goes to my clit while the other rolls my nipple. I begin stroking and circling my clit, even pulling on its wet hardness. You hear me moan your name softly and you get hard in your pants."

She gasped as she told him, one of her many fantasies. He had closed his eyes and was licking his lips; his one hand trapped by her closeness the other subconsciously caressing her bare thigh. She moved her leg slightly down to feel his stiff cock that lie on his stomach.

"Like it is now, Parker." She whispered into his ear before licking it.

"What next?" he asked his breathing ragged.

"You take off your clothes and slide into the shower behind me. I don't even know your there until you wrap your arms around my waist. I can feel your erection against my back as I gasp in surprise and then pleasure." She adjusted herself, so that she lay her head on his chest; her legs no longer teasing him. She slid her hand across his stomach to the treasure trove she loved so much.

"Your fingers slide across my wet skin, pluck at my nipples and delve into my pussy as your lips and tongue attack the crook of my neck and shoulders. I turn to face you and thrust my tongue between your lips reaching for your hardness. I stroke you, sliding down your body to suck the tip into my mouth. I flick and suck on you, twirling my tongue around your hard cock, my head begins to bob up and down on your length as my fingers play with your balls."

She had increased the speed of her words - it was as if she was stumbling over herself to get them out. She was so excited and she could tell he was too as her hands swept down to circle what she wanted to taste. As she described her desires she stroked him; fingering his balls and paying special attention to the hole at the tip. His hand squeezed her shoulder as he moaned his approval of her fantasy and her touch. 

"You pull me up to your mouth, driving your tongue deep inside to taste me. Your hands run down my back to my ass, pulling me close. Your fingers dig into my flesh as you pick me up and push me against the wall of our shower. Your mouth is going crazy on my skin sucking on my neck all the way to my nipples. You slide your cock into my tight pussy slowly. Inch by inch you take me as I cry your name wanting only more." She was moving her hands faster now and could feel the tension in his whole body building. 

"Faster and faster you slam into me. Your cock is so hard it makes me scream. I reach down with one hand to pull at your back- I want you deeper inside me. The other hand plays with my clit. I scream as you squirt your cum up inside my cunt. Our bodies rocking with pleasure."

His balls had tensed and she knew he would cum soon. She slid the boxers down past his thighs and slid her head down to just lick the tip of his dick. It was enough: he called her name as he came. She licked all the cum she could from each squirt and subconscious thrust of his body. She stroked him until he fell back, exhausted. 

Smiling she slid her head back up to rest in the crook of his shoulder. She won this battle; it was only a matter of time before he was cumming inside her hole instead of her mouth. Speaking of her hole, she was so hot and swollen she thought she was going to die. Each movement was torture, but this was not about her. This was about beating the demons that haunted her lovers mind and heart. His breathing was slowing and she could see the wheels inside his head begin to churn.

"That was amazing, baby. Just amazing. I never knew how hot it could be to share my fantasies with you. Now that I do, we will have to do this more often."

"No. I will not use you to get off. You are not my human masturbator, Miranda, youre my girlfriend and I should treat you accordingly."

"Parker! That's not what this was all about. This was about being intimate... we are in love and that includes physical intimacy. It turned me on to know how excited you were just because I was talking to you and touching you. I seduced you with my words and hands. I seduced you with what was in my heart. This was in no way wrong!" she hoped the frustration she felt was not coming out in her words. She needed to be very patient with him.

"I... Still..."

"Still? Still nothing! I derive joy from touching you, feeling you. I love it...are you going to deny my happiness?" Desperation was evident in her voice.

"I would never do that." He looked into her eyes and she felt herself drowning in them once again.

"Good." She sighed. Being so close, touching him like this she was going crazy with desire. "I'll be right back."

Miranda slipped on her kimono style robe, quickly kissed him, and walked to the bathroom. She needed some air, some water, something to stop her from going out of control. While passion is all about losing control, love can sometimes stop you. She didn't want to scare him off and lose all that she had gained tonight.

After a glass of water, she felt strong enough to go back to the bedroom and just sleep, as she was sure he was already. A first orgasm due to another's touch usually exhausted the body past anything prior. She knew he had never touched a woman or had a woman touch him, like she just had, before and, thinking this, made her even hotter. She was the first to possess this man. 

It was magic to her senses. Shaking her head, she walked past her bedroom to the kitchen. Food, a good substitute for sex. She'd be fat within a month. Laughing she opened the fridge and leaned over looking for something sweet.

Suddenly, arms surrounded her and she felt the warmth of his body behind her. After jumping ten feet, she laughed and leaned back to be held by him. 

"Hungry?" she asked as they stared into the fridge together. 

"For your kiss." 

Oooh, he was being forward. Purring, she turned her head up to accept his mouth.

"I think I can feed you... you might want to sample it first, though, to make sure it's what you want."

"Oh, I know it's what I want. Ive tried it before." He nibbled at her soft lips kissing her without tongue for what seemed forever. He loved to tease her by not giving her what she wanted, by fighting her demands. She turned in his arms to help deepen the kiss. Finally pulling away, breathless, she slapped at his chest playfully.

"Go back to bed so I can get something to eat!" She laughed, a little tense from the fact that the little calm she had found was gone with one kiss and she was very aware of her juices pooling between her legs.

"Don't be long." He called to her playfully as he walked to her room. She watched him go, wearing nothing but boxers, God, he looked good. This was their usual demeanor: playful flirting that never led to anything. In her heightened state, however, she wanted it to mean more. 

She grabbed some chocolate pudding and went to the bedroom, expecting him to be dosing in her bed. He lay with his arm behind his head and stared at the ceiling. She smiled at her love and went to sit beside him to eat her pudding. Sitting Indian style, he looked up at her, his head near her thigh.

"Did you like my fantasy?" she asked between spoonfuls of pudding. She offered him a mouthful before letting him answer.

"Well... it was nice... but it isn't what would happen."

Spoon halfway to her mouth she stopped and exclaimed "Why not?"

"It just wouldn't happen like that. Your fantasy may be great but it's not what I would do. I don't want what you described..."

She thought back through the dream she described and could not think of a single thing that wasn't a typical thing for couples to do. She began to panic for the third time that night. Did he not want to have sex with her? Had she gone too far?