 This is the last and final part of “Dirty Talking Bitch”. The other two parts have been posted earlier. The third post is coming after a long time and my apologies to all the people who have been screaming for the sequel. 

Well it’s here now. So enjoy…

Mike slid his fingers deeper into Lisa’s tight ass. His fingers were buried till the knuckles into her tight, hot ass. Lisa was moaning and grunting like a bitch in heat.

“Arrrggggfffffuuuuccckkkk. FUCK IT. Fuck that ass you bastard. Fuck it like a motherfucking dog. FUCK IT. Aaaarrrgggghhhh”.

Mike pulled his fingers out again sucked them. He could taste the bitch’s ass in his mouth and he loved it. The sweet musky smell got him horny and hard. He bent down and spat hard into her gaping asshole. Lisa grunted and spread her cheeks wider. He spat again, making her puckered asshole drip with hot spit. He then grabbed her hips and shoved his hard throbbing cock into her ass.

“OH YESSSS! THAT’S IT MOTHERFUCKER. FUCK IT. FUCK IT NOW. FUCK MY SLUTTY ASS!”, Lisa screamed. Mike plunged his cock deeper. He grabbed her hips and rammed his dick deep. He could feel her hot tight ass milking his dick. Lisa was squeezing his dick with her ass. She thrust back harder, trying to get more of his dick into her horny itchy ass. Mike could she the cock squeeze out the juice and spit from her ass as he pushed in. He started to thrust in furiously

“Do you like that bitch? Do you like my donkey dick fucking your ass? Take it TAKE THE FUCKING DICK. I am fucking you like a dog. YEAHHHH! YEAHHHH! Urrrgh-urrgh-urrgh-urrrgh!! Fuck it harder. Fuck my dick back with your asshole. I want to fuck your ass till you scream. That’s it. Grunt like a bitch in heat. Your slut ass is going to get plundered today. FUCK IT. Fuck it like a pig.”

Mike grabbed Lisa’s hair and moved his body close over her. They were looking into each other eyes. Both furiously fucking. The eyes burning with sexual intensity.

Lisa’s body was lurching and bucking. She could feel the cock deep inside her ass. Fucking her. She wanted her ass fucked hard. Her tits were bouncing hard as Mike drilled her. She could feel her pussy juice streaming out of her cunt. Rammed in three of her fingers into her dripping cunt as he fucked her hard. She wanted more.

“Is that all you got fucker? I want you to fuck my brains out. Fill me with your hot cum till I gag on it. HARDER!! OH YEAH. Aaaaarrrrrrrhhh..Fuck my ass. FUCK MY ASS you cunt licking dick.”

She opened her mouth and licked her lips. “Ok you ass fucking bastard. SPIT in my mouth. Spit inside it hard. I want to taste you. DO IT!”

Mike spat hard inside her mouth. “Ummmmm… yeah. Harder . Treat me like your whore” Lisa said. Mike grabbed her face and spat again inside her mouth. 

Lisa rolled it around and spat back at him. “That’s what you get for fucking me hard fuck boy.” Mike opened his mouth and felt her hot saliva. He was now hornier than before. He loved her nasty stuff. 

He pulled his cock out of Lisa’s ass. It was gaping and pulsing. He pushed his tongue deep inside her ass making her moan. 

“Taste my freshly fucked ass. Oh yes you nasty bastard. Push your tongue in and EAT my ass.”

Mike wiggled his tongue deep inside her ass. Tasting her. Teasing her. His cock was throbbing with cum and he knew he could not hold on much longer. He buried his face deeper as felt Lisa pushing back on his tongue. Getting her slutty ass licked hard. 

Mike gave her a good tongue-lashing and stood up on his knees. “Turn around bitch. Suck this cock. Taste your ass on it like a dirty gutter slut.”

Lisa turned around fast and plunged his cock into her mouth. Sucking it feverishly and moaning and grunting. He could feel his cock being devoured by this horny trashy slut.

Lisa buried the cock into her mouth and sucked the entire length. Making it wet and hard. 

“I love your cock. I love your ass fucking cock. Fuck my mouth with it. Fuck it HARD. Make me choke on your cock. FUCK IT. Fuck it you bastard. Fuck my dirty trashy mouth.” 

Lisa spat on his cock viciously and plunged it back in.

Mike grabbed her head and rammed his cock in. 

“GGGGGGRRRGGG GGGRRRGGG GGGRRRGGGAAAAH. Yeah fuck my mouth. HARDER.” Lisa screamed. Her lips stretched across his cock. Sucking it, licking it, eating it.

Mike could feel the cum boiling up in his balls. He plunged his cock into her mouth and thrust it in and out fast. He was fucking her nasty mouth just like a cunt.

“Take it bitch. TAKE IT. YEAAAARRRRH YEAAARRRHHH. You like that. You like getting your mouth fucked. Oh yes. I am gonna fill it with my cum till it oozes out of your nipples. Suck it harder slut. Lick it and suck it like a dirty whore”

Mike could feel her spit dripping off his balls as he mercilessly plundered her mouth. He could also feel her fingers running along the crack of his ass. He suddenly felt her fore finger plunge into his ass. He couldn’t hold it any longer. With a loud grunt he spurted his cum deep inside her mouth.

“OOOHHHHH AAARRGHHH. Oh yeah. Fuck. FUCK… Take that… Take that.. Uuuurrgghhh.”

He pulled her face closer making his cock dig deeper into her throat as he spurted cum. Lisa gagged and coughed, splattering Mike’s cum all over face and his cock. He grabbed her face and rubbed it all over his cum spattered cum as his cock spewed cum onto her forehead and hair. 

Lisa licked his balls dry and pulled her fingers out of his ass. She then licked her fingers clean, mixing the taste of his ass with his cum. She then held her tits together and drooled the cum onto them. Mike smeared the nasty mix on her tits and nipples as they kissed.

“Thanks Mike. I really got my brains fucked out. Love the way you fuck like a horny motherfucker. I think you are going to be my nasty fuck toy for a long time now.”

Mike raised her arm and gave her armpit a long slow lick. Slowly savoring the sweat for all her nasty sex.

“He smacked his lips and said, “The pleasure was all mine. Anytime you want your horny cunt and ass to get drilled, give me a holler. Next time I am going to fuck you till you squirt cum.”

“Can hardly wait…”, Lisa said. 

But that’s for next time….