 Mike threw his suitcase on the sofa and lay down on the hotel bed. He had a smile on his face. It had been a long and tiring day but he had come out on tops. He had cracked the deal with the client and he would fly back tomorrow safe with the knowledge that a hefty bonus was on its way. Hell yeah! Life was good.

He got rid of his clothes and started to get ready for a bath. He wanted to get refreshed and then chill out with a drink, enjoying and toasting his success. 

He got out of the shower and wrapped a towel around his waist and walked back towards his bed.

“Mmmmm…. Isn’t that a cute ass. Pity it is covered”. It was a husky woman’s voice.

Mike spun around startled. What he saw took his breath away. On his bed was lying the most gorgeous woman he had ever laid his eyes on. She was a brunette with legs that seemed to go on for miles. Her sharp features were highlighted by some very good make up. She wore heavy mascara giving her a devilish look. Her green eyes shone in the dim light and her arched eyebrows were as naughty as they come. Her black sleeveless dress was hiked to just above her silken thighs. She was resting on her arm and looking lustily at Mike.

“Who the fuck are you”, he spluttered. “And how did you come into my room”.

She pouted tauntingly. “I am disappointed Mike. We spend a whole day together and you refuse to recognize me in the evening. How nasty is that.”

Mike looked closely at her and his eyes almost popped out when he realized who she was. It was the client he had the meeting with all day!!

“Ms Smith. My god,....you look…I mean.... I am sorry.. I didn’t.....”. Mike was blabbing. His brained has stopped responding and he did not have a clue as to what his client was doing dressed like a sex goddess in his room. 

“I am hurt Mike. I really expected you to be far more courteous of someone who I paying you millions of dollars as project fees. You just refuse to recognize them barely after the deal is signed. I wonder whether I made the right decision.”

Mike panicked. 

“No no Ms Smith. Its just that I was not expecting you here and you caught me by surprise”.

“Well I guess you will have to make it up to me now.”

“Of course Ms. Smith”. Mike relaxed. “Shall I get you a drink?”

“Fuck the drink you bastard. I want you to come here and lick my cunt till I cum. And the name is Lisa.” 

Mike was startled by the wanton show of lust by Lisa. He could feel his cock go hard and bulge against the towel. E loved a dirty talking tramp and he had one laid out on his bed goading him to fuck her.

Lisa hiked up her dress to her hips, revealing her pussy. It was already glistening with her love juices. She spread her legs wide and dipped two of her fingers into her cunt. She pulled it out and sucked on them noisily, grunting and moaning.

“What are you waiting for, you pussy licker. Come here and lick this itching cunt till I spurt my cum into your mouth. Lick it like the horny mother fucking dog that you are. I know you want to. Come here and get it”, Lisa hissed.

Mike ripped his towel off. His thick cock was throbbing and hard as a rock. 

“So you want your cunt sucked is it bitch? I am going to suck and lick that wet hole till you beg me to stop. Spread your legs and show me your slutty cunt.”

Lisa lay down on her back and spread her legs wide. Mike pulled her to the edge of the bed so that her ass and hips were hanging just outside the bed. He knelt down between her long legs which were resting on his shoulders. He could see her wet cunt quivering in front of him. The musky smell of cum was intoxicating.

“Lick it motherfucker. LICK THAT CUNT. Spit on that nasty hole and eat my pussy till I cum.”

Lisa was grinding her hips in the air, desperate to get his hot tongue to plunder her cunt.

Mike nibbled on her inner thighs, teasing her. He could hear Lisa moan and growl. He kissed her thighs and then SHOVED his tongue deep into her pussy hard. Lisa let out an animal grunt and thrust her hips hard into his face.

“That’s it you bastard. FUCK IT. Fuck that cunt with your tongue. Oh god, yes. Eat that wet pussy motherfucker. Arrrggghh YEAH!” Lisa screamed. 

Her hips were grinding in hard into mikes face as she fucked his face with fearsome energy. He could feel her legs wrap around him as she humped his tongue hard. 

Mike slid deeper into her cunt and wiggled his hot tongue around. Her cum was flowing heavily into his mouth and he could feel his face getting drenched. He pulled out and took a deep breath.

“DON’T STOP YOU PUSSY LICKING FUCKER. Suck my pussy. EAT THAT CUNT you bastard”, she howled.

“You like getting your pussy licked you bitch? You like it when I drill it with my tongue don’t you, you slut. Well you are going to love the way lick it and suck it and fuck it.”

Mike spat hard on her pussy. Lisa squealed and growled and slammed her pussy back on his face. Mikes tongue slid deep into her wet cunt. Devouring it, slithering in it. He could feel her pussy juice running down the sides of his lips as he slurped and licked hard. She was now fucking his tongue like it was a cock. Her hips slamming into his face as she hissed and grunted.

She held his head in a firm grip and rammed her hips into his face

“That’s it you fucking bastard. Fuck my cunt with your face. FUCK it motherfucker. HARDER.. OH YEAH…FUCK ME….. Aaaarrghhgh…..”

Lisa arched her back as her orgasm swept over body. Her cunt was squirting out cum into Mike’s face as he hungrily lapped it up. 

Mike pulled his face out from between her legs. It was wet and dripping from her cum. 

“You like that bitch? Did you like the way I licked your slutty cunt?”, Mike hissed.

Lisa sat up and grabbed his hair and pulled his face towards her. She kissed him deep and hard, tasting her cunt juices fro his lips. 

“Yes you horny bastard. I loved it. And now I want you to fuck me silly. Fuck me so hard that I have your cum oozing out my nipples, you bastard.” Lisa hissed. She held his face in her hands and spat into his open cum drenched mouth. 

Mike ripped her black dress off revealing her pert tits. He grabbed it hard in his hand.

“So how would you like to get fucked, you whore. How hard do you want my cock to fuck you.”

Dear Readers

I want you to write in and tell me where you want this story to go. You tell me how hard these fuckers should fuck and I will make them! Waiting for your responses….