 I sit with my phone waiting for his reply. I had sent him an xxx text this morning. I sit here daydreaming about how I could tease him again. Knowing he is at work and that he couldn't answer or do anything thing with his hard cock makes me smile.

I slide my panties to the side and began touch along my slippery wet pussy lips. I feel the sweet honey that lie between them. Rubbing my clit, I let out a sigh and a soft moan. I feel myself getting wetter. My body is full of the desire of wanting him. As I play, I begin to smile devilishly.

With my fingers between my thighs, touching and playing, I bring myself to the edge of an orgasm. Only to stop. Oh God, it feels so good. And knowing later it will be so much more intense when it is his fingers or his tongue fills me with anticipation. I realize once again how much I want him.

I swirl my fingers in my sweet honey and bring it to my lips so that I can have a taste of my own juices. Sweet, as I lick every drop off my fingers. Hmmm as i lay there thinking only finding myself having an evil grin, I take a picture of my fingers on my pussy and send it to him with a caption. "Want some of this?"

My phone goes off almost immediately. It's him! I read his response. "My cock is heavy. It wants you so bad. You are such a tease! And hell yes I want some of that!"

Now that I have his attention, I send him another picture. But this time it is my cum dripping off the tip of my finger.

"Dammit girl," his reply comes back, "I will not only suck the honey of those fingers of yours but out of that sweet pussy of yours too! It will be a horny day thinking of you."

I reply back, "I want you baby. I want to feel you where my fingers are."

"Oh trust me. You will!" he messages back.

With a sigh,I text back, "Yes baby. I can't wait to feel your body on mine and the tip of your eager cock wanting to take what is yours. I want you to to fuck me fast and hard."

"I want you in my bed pretty woman. You'll get what you want and more!" he responds back. "You got my dick so hard and I still have to get back to work! It'll be torture."

Knowing It'll be awhile before he gets off work, I drop my panties to the floor and lay down on the bed. Spreading my legs apart, I began rubbing my clit. Faster and faster. I fantasize about what I was doing to him. I imagine him sitting in his chair, pants unzipped, with his cock in this hand, head back, masturbating. I visualize his pre-cum, sitting on the top of his cock. I see his cum running down his shaft. 

In my fantasy, I walk over to him and straddle myself across his lap. I slowly lower myself on his hard cock but only taking in his head in my pussy. Then I pull off, reach down and grab his cock, and move my hips so his cock massages up and down my slit. My pussy is so wet. He feels so good. Mmmmm. Yes! I begin to rub my clit even faster. I think about how his swollen cock will feel hitting the bottom of my pussy as my walls surround his inches. I think about how I'll grind my hips back and forth riding him slow just to feel him get harder. 

I scream loudly," Oh hell yesss!" My orgasm is so intense it makes my body shake.

My heart is racing from my orgasm. My body wants him even more. I lay there on the bed to catch my breath. I swirl my fingers, playing in my own sweet honey. I find myself grinning as I bring my fingers to my mouth and lick and suck my own juices from them, then I reach between my wet cum soaked pussy lips for more.

The day seems so long. I wait for more messages from him to come through. The more I wait, the more I want to feel him for the first time. I sigh. I know that once he gets off work we will be amazing in the bedroom.

It was just after he got off work that I got the message.

"My cock wants you, babe!!"

With a smile, I reply back, "And my pussy wants it too."

"Well,. pretty woman, I'm on my way home. I'll text you when i get there, OK?"

"Be safe. Talk soon."

An hour passes and I am going insane. I want to talk, to tease, to play.

Finally, "I'm home." shows up on my screen.

"Hi," I say back. "How was your day?"

"It was long and you didn't help at all," he writes.

Grinning, I write back, "Check your email. There are some pictures I emailed you while you were at work. They are all there for you to see on that big computer screen of yours."

After a few minutes he texts, "Oh baby, I need to fuck you now. I need you in my bed. I want you. I want you real bad!!"

"I can come over right now or early tomorrow morning if you want," I text back.

"Yes!!! Right now," writes back.

With my heart beating fast when I see his words, I reply. "OK, I'll come now."

"I'll leave the door unlocked for you. Come in and lock the door behind you! OK baby? Right now? Please?" he asks.

"Right now, then" I write. "I've wanted you for so long and I need you so much, how in the hell could I sleep anyway!"

I lay on my bed staring at the ceiling thinking to myself, "Oh my God, its going to happen. The man I have been talking to and wanting for over a year is going to be waiting for me." 

I get up and shower and get ready to go. My body is tingling with the thought of his hands and his mouth all over me and his cock inside me.

As I drive up his street, my body is wants him so much it's already releasing wetness between my thighs. I pull in his driveway.

"Oh God, I'm really going to do this." I think.

I get out of my car and walk up the steps. My heart is not only beating so fast from being so nervous but from being excited at the same time. I take a deep breath and turn the door knob As I push the door open, there he is standing behind it. Naked! His cock is standing up so hard it makes me want to put my lips around it and suck it deep into my throat.

"Come on in," he says. He greets me with a kiss. His tongue darts in and out of my mouth. My knees get week.

"Hi," he says.

"Hi back," I say with a smile.

Noticing pillows and a blanket on the floor. I say, "Hmmm, whats this?"

"For us. For our fuck. For the best fuck either one of us has ever had."

I can't help but notice his cock is growing even harder.

I start to undress.

He says, "let me."

Soon I was standing there in front of him in just my white cotton panties and a white Cami. He turns to the TV and starts a porn movie he had ready to go. He turns back to me, gives me a hug, and gently lays me on the blanket on the floor. We kiss softly at first. The moans from the TV are turning us both on. He slides my panties off. I spread my legs and his hands go between my legs and starts playing with my wet lips. He teases my pussy with his fingers. The feel of what he is doing to me makes a soft moan come from mouth. I look up and see him licking his fingers with a grin.

"I told you I would be licking your cum," he says.

My moans get loader as he puts a finger in my cum soaked pussy. He wiggles his finger on that certain spot that sends me over the top.

"Mmmm," I groan louder. I begin to move my hips, fucking his finger. He doesn't stop. He goes faster and faster.

"Oh my God," I cry out, "Here I cum!"

"Yesss," he says, "come on, cum for me."

I arch my back and I come hard. Not only did I cum, but the warm ejaculation from my body soaks his whole hand and runs down my between my legs.

"Yes," he says with a grin. Oh yes, baby."

I slide my hands down between my cum soaked pussy lips and play in it for a few seconds. Then I bring my own fingers up to taste my honey.

"Mmmmm, yes baby, this cum is all for you," I say.

He lays on top of me and we share a kiss tasting my sweet honey.

I feel the head of his cock as he puts his hardness between my pussy lips. He pushes in and I feel it in my warm tight walls.

He thrusts forward and asks, "Can you feel my cock baby?"

"Oh God yes," I reply biting my lower lip. "You feel so good in there,

I wrap my legs around him and pull him further inside me. 

He starts pumping in and out. He pumps harder and harder.

"God, you feel so good," he says.

O can feel the head of his cock swell, and I know he is about to cum.

He groans, "Where do you want my load, baby?"

With a grin I reply, "All over my body!"

He pulls out and now on his knees strokes himself and moaning. I lay there and begin to rub my clit waiting for his nut juice. I put my cum-soaked fingers in his mouth. 

I open my mouth and say, "Here, baby, here."

With a grimace on his face he sprayed his hot cum straight into my mouth.

"Mmmmm, yummy," I say as his load releases from his throbbing cock. "Now on my face and tits," I beg.

We lay side by side on the floor trying to catch our breath. Finally, he gets up and says , "Come," and leads me to the bedroom. We lay down and he pulls me on top of him. I lay on his chest feeling his heart beating fast from what just happened. I look up at him with a grin and give him a kiss. We lay in each others arms resting. We decide to get in the shower together before I have to go.

He looks at me and says, "I suppose we better get up and get in the shower."

"Yeah, I guess so. Too bad we can't take the tomorrow off and stay in bed," I complain.

He turns to me and says,?"I have a request."

"OK," I reply.

I want to fuck you in the shower. I want you to get all wet. Then I want you to bend over and let me fuck you in your pussy and your ass."

"Let's go," I reply eagerly. 

I follow him into the bathroom and watch him turn the shower on and adjust the water temperature.

"This will be my first time in my ass," I tell him.

"Don't worry, I'll go slow and easy."

We get in and lather each other up. I wash his cock and he washes my pussy. I see he is getting semi-hard. I take his cock in my hand, kneel down, and begin licking it up and down. I take it into my mouth and suck it deep down my throat. He starts groaning. N

"Not, yet," he says.

He pulls me up and kneels down. He licks my thighs and works his way up to my pussy. I get wet and horny again. He licks between my pussy lips and sticks his tongue between them.

"Not yet," I beg. "I want you inside me."

He pulls me up and bends me over. I brace myself on the side of the tub. I feel his cock at my pussy opening. Suddenly he thrusts deep inside me. My back arches. He moves in and out. Then he pulls our and I feel his hard cock pushing against my ass opening. He grabs my hips and pushes slowly against my asshole.

"I've never done this before," I tell him.

"I know, and I appreciate you letting me. I'll go slow and easy," he says.

He pushes his cock against my asshole. I wiggle backward. He pushes a little harder. At first I feel a kind of burning sensation. As he goes deeper, I relax and the next thing I know, he is completely inside me.

"My God," I scream, "I've never felt anything like this before."

He starts slowly pumping his cock in my asshole. Reach between my legs and start rubbing my clit. I can feel an orgasm building.

"I want you to come in my pussy," I shout.

He pulls out of my ass, turns me around, lifts me up and rams his cock in my pussy. I wrap my legs around his hips. We fuck like I've never fucked before. Hard, fast, furious. I can tell he's ready to come.

"Wait for me, baby, I'm almost there, " I cry.

"Now," I scream.

Suddenly, when I feel his cum shooting into my pussy, my body shudders and I release my cum. We come together. It seems like it takes forever to stop. My back presses against the wall, he's still holding me up. We are panting hard.

Finally, he puts me down and we hold each other in our arms.

"What a night of lust and amazing orgasms, " I think to myself

I take a bar of soap and start washing his cock. When I finish, I hand him the soap as say, "Do me."

I lean back as he washed my pussy and my ass and all I can do is smile.

He stops and stands before me with his eyes closed. I take a washcloth and begin washing his body. When I get to his balls, he starts pulling on his cock. I smile. He wants more. That makes me want more.

"To hell with it," he says, "I can just go to work without any sleep tomorrow."

With a grin on my face, I know there will be more tonight.

Much more.