 The best thing about our local pub is Heather, the weekend bartender. She's tall and well built, with a pretty face and long blond hair. She's loquacious, cheerful, and has a strong personality. One more thing: she gives my wife more attention than any other customer. "Her eyes light up every time she sees you," I told my wife. 

"You think every woman is a lesbian," Lori always told me.

"You mean they're not?" I joked. 

One night I proposed a test: "I'll leave you alone and when she comes over to you - and she will - tell her how much you love dancing and how much I don't. I'm sure she'll invite you out." 

"And what if she does? Should I make a 'date' with her?" 

"Only if you want to..." 

Later when I was returning from the men's room, I saw the women deep in conversation. Heather was leaning over the bar with her face close to Lori's. To give them time I dallied by the jukebox; only after Heather moved to another customer did I return to my wife. She smiled as she sipped her drink. "Heather told me about Neon, that new club down by the train station. She's going there Saturday." She set her drink down. "WE'RE going to the new club."

"You and me?"

"Me and her, silly. Just the two of us. You're helping your brother, remember?" She slurped at her straw. "And don't get excited, you pervert. We're just going dancing. You know how much I love dancing." 

Since my wife never confided any girl-on-girl fantasies I actually expected the "date" would just be two friends out on the town. But that didn't stop Lori from dressing to the nines that night. Her sheer white blouse barely concealed a hot-red push-up bra. She wore a black thong under a short black skirt, black thigh highs and heels. Standing by the mirror, she lifted the skirt and pulled her underwear aside. "Do you think Heather will try to get into this?" she joked.

I had to wait hours to find out the answer. At 2AM Lori returned home, flush with alcohol. I had dozed on the sofa, but she woke me by sitting on the floor and placing her hand on my stomach. As she revealed the night's details she slid her hand over my boxers...

**** 

Although she had set up the 'date' because she liked dancing she also wanted to prove me wrong. She waited in the parking lot until Heather's text came. Heather had parked a few rows back and soon enough appeared at the side of the car. She examined my wife as she stepped out of the car: "Look at you, girl. Damn!" 

"Is it too much?"

"YOU are too much," she laughed as she gave her a hug. "I'm glad you came out tonight -- we're going to turn a lot of heads." True enough: Heather was heavily made-up and wearing a slinky dress, looking as hot as ever. 

The place was a combination restaurant/bar. The restaurant upstairs was shutting down, but the downstairs bar was happening. They found seats at the end of the bar and ordered drinks. The talk flowed easily, sprinkled with Heather's compliments on how good Lori looked. "You should dress like this more often!" When her current favorite song came on, she pulled my wife to the dance floor, leading her by the hand through the crowd. 

In the heat of the throng, Lori began sweating, but was thoroughly enjoying herself. Back at the bar, she fanned herself. Heather picked up a napkin and dabbed a rivulet of sweat from my wife's throat. When two men in open shirts and gold chains approached them, Heather politely sent them on their way. "Who needs men?" she joked. She casually dropped her hand and let it land on Lori's knee. 

Caught up in the joy of the moment, Lori picked up her drink. "To not needing men!"

After another round of drinks Lori pulled the fruit from her drink and was going to set it on the bar when Heather asked, "You don't want that?" When Lori shook her head, Heather reached for my wife's wrist and guided Lori's hand, moving the sweet fruit to her lips, then seductively sucked the cherry into her lips. "Mmmm, nice and juicy!"

By now Lori was figuring that my hunch was probably correct - Heather was indeed 'into' her. But it didn't bother my wife. She enjoyed the attention. It was fun to be flirtatious, and she had no plans to go any further. 

Another dance, one of those feel good 90's hip-hop songs you couldn't help but sing along to. They headed back onto the dance floor, where they laughed and danced and shouted the chorus along with everyone else. Lori felt like a teenager again. Returning to the bar Heather sat against the wall, and swung her stool to face Lori. She complimented my wife's earrings, then her necklace. As she reached over to touch the silver jewelry her hand brushed against the top of Lori's chest. 

Moving closer she forced Lori to swivel her chair, until the two women faced each other. Lori noticed that her legs were spread a bit. Heather checked out the floral lace stockings she was wearing. "I like these," Heather said as she ran her fingers along the fabric, tracing the pattern around the knee. The touch not only surprised Lori, it electrified her. "Are these, stockings or ..." Not waiting for an answer Heather used her knee to nudge one of Lori's legs aside, then lowered her head for a peek. Catching a glimpse of bare thigh, she smiled. "Ah, thigh highs. Very sexy." 

Lori shut her legs too quickly, which caused Heather to laugh. "Relax. No one can see you. Only me." She playfully used her knee to pry Lori's legs apart. 

Lori, laughing, tried to shut her legs. Heather laughed back, and now used more force to prop them open. It became a kind of game, a silly challenge. They were both giggling as they wrestled with their legs. But if this was a challenge, after a half dozen back and forths Lori ultimately conceded. "You win. Uncle!" She resigned herself to sit with her legs parted, partially exposed to her friend. Even though no one could see up her skirt, she felt exposed. But it was exciting sitting like that. And erotic, as she was being 'forced' to sit that way.

"Good -- you've stopped fighting me." Heather placed her hand atop my wife's thigh, and gently rubbed the stocking. Her hand moved down to Lori's knee, then back to mid-thigh. She squeezed Lori's leg. Still staring into Lori's eyes, Heather inched her hand upwards, slowly and deliberately, until her fingers dipped under the skirt. Lori, now suddenly embarrassed, grabbed Heather's wrist to stop her. Again they tussled: Heather trying to move her hand up; Lori trying to push it away. 

When Heather conceded and retracted her hand, she said, "You needn't to be nervous around me" 

"I'm not," Lori lied.

"I don't bite." A pause. "Unless you-"

Another interruption - an older guy asked if he could buy them drinks. Heather sent him away. As he walked off - dejected - Heather leaned forward as if to whisper in Lori's ear. Lori breathed in whiffs of perfume and felt Heather's cheek against her own, the skin-to-skin contact again electrifying her. She waited to hear what Heather had to say, but instead of speaking Heather gently but playfully bit her ear. Heather pulled away, laughing. "I guess I do bite after all." 

Lori grew flustered. Needing a break, she said, "I have to use the ladies room. I'll be back." She slipped off the stool and hurried through the crowd. Seeing the long line to the downstairs rest room she opted instead for the single person bathroom upstairs. This late the restaurant area was empty, which was fortunate since she wasn't able to get the lock to work correctly. She used the toilet, fixed herself, and washed her hands. She checked the time on her phone and texted me that she would leave soon. As she touched up her eye-liner at the sink the door opened. 

Heather stepped in, and closed the door behind her. "There you are -- far from the maddening crowd." She turned around and fiddled with the lock. 

"I couldn't get it either, but that's OK because I'm done here." She picked up her purse and tried to brush past Heather. When she got to the door she saw that the metal piece was in locked position. 

Heather remained standing as Lori started to struggle with the knob, but only until Heather stepped behind her, their bodies almost touching. Heather placed her hand over Lori's and held it in place, keeping her from undoing the lock. "No, don't." Heather said with finality. "Leave it." She placed her other hand on Lori's shoulder, then leaned in until her mouth was at Lori's ear. "You know you've been teasing me all night." 

"I didn't. I wasn't-"

"Sure you were... But no worries. I didn't mind." She moved lowered her onto Lori's back, running it in circles. "Actually, I enjoyed the attention." 

Why didn't Lori protest? Was it indecision or submissiveness that kept her from moving, from speaking, from doing something, anything? Instead she froze, which gave Heather the green light to press her body closer. Lori felt hot breath against her neck, then lips against her ear, and a tongue flicking her lobe.

Now holding my wife's wrist with one hand, Heather's other hand trailed down Lori's back, gently massing her through the blouse, before moving lower, down over her butt, then to the hem of her skirt. Slowly she lifted the skirt, exposing the bare skin of my wife's thighs and her black thong. 

Lori felt cool air caress her naked ass cheeks and dampness form in her underwear; could Heather tell? And did she arch her back a bit, giving Heather a better view? She closed her eyes. So many sensations: the smell of Heather's perfume, the pressure of Heather's body, Heather's cheek now rubbing against her own, and then the softness of a woman's palm on her ass. "You like this, don't you?" 

No words, just a slow nod of the head. She opened her eyes and stared at the wood door, as Heathers fingers danced on her cheeks, before running up and down the thong strap in her crack. 

"Turn around." 

My wife followed her instructions. She slowly turned around, backing against the door, and stared at this beautiful woman before her. Heather stepped closer, close enough to kiss her. Would she? And what would Lori do if she did? But Heather merely lightly rubbed the tip of her nose against Lori's. When she spoke, her hot breath intoxicated my wife. "Are you wet for me? Tell me: is your pussy wet."

Again, a silent answer; a nod. 

"Take my hand." At this Lori obeyed, taking Heather's hand by the wrist. "Now, show me how wet you are."

**** 

"And did you show her?" I was lying on the couch, with Lori still kneeling on the floor, casually stroking my cock. 

Lori stopped touching me. She was still on her knees but now she straightened her back. "I was standing there, against the wall. And I lifted up my skirt." She reached down and lifted up her skirt, until I saw-

"Where are your panties?" 

"Heather took them as a souvenir," she laughed. "But I took her hand..." She reached for mine. "... and moved it here." She brought my hand between her legs. I felt warmth. And wetness. "At first she just rubbed me over my underwear." Her hand, still gripping my wrist, started moving my hand up and down over her shaved flesh between her legs. "And, yes, she could feel my wetness through my underwear. But that wasn't enough for her.

"Did she want to feel your pussy? And did you want it, too?"

"Of course I did. That's why I pushed her hand inside my thong." My fingers caressed the fleshy lips of pussy. "Then she pulled my thong down my thighs, and had me spread my legs-" She inched a knee over. "And then her fingers, her finger-" Grabbing my hand she shaped my fingers until one finger was able to enter her. "- slipped inside me." 

"Inside your wet pussy." My finger went deep inside her, my cock aching to be touched. 

"And then her thumb-" 

My thumb reached up to seek out her clit. As I rubbed her nub I continued to slide my finger in and out of her lips. I knew what she liked. 

"And when I was close, i was SO close to cumming." As she was now. Her eyes fluttered, she heaved heavy breaths. Was she going to orgasm because of me fingering her or because she was fantasizing about Heather? And did that even matter?

"And then- then she stopped. Right before I was about to cum she stopped." Her hand holding my wrist suddenly pulled it away. "Heather asked me: 'Did I say you could do that? Did I allow you to cum?" 

"And had she?"

"No." She was breathing heavier. "She wasn't going to let me cum unless I asked her... I had to ask for her permission."

"And you did?"

She nodded. "Of course. I needed to cum so bad. So I begged her to let me cum." 

My fingers started moving again. When was the last time I had felt her this wet? 

She closed her eyes "I wanted to cum so badly that I would have done anything she asked." 

"Anything? Would you have licked her?"

She opened her eyes, and stared at me dreamingly. "Yes, I would have licked her pussy. I would have knelt down and put my mouth on her, and put my tongue deep inside her cunt." She was getting closer. I moved my fingers faster, getting her to the edge. She released my hand and grabbed the edge of the sofa for support, and let the orgasm take over. She moaned, heaved, moaned, then finally had to push my hand away and she fell back on her haunches. 

I waited for her to catch her breath. "Did she make you lick her?"

"No," she said, almost disappointed. "But she wanted a souvenir." 

"Your panties."

"Yes, but also something else." She reached into her purse, withdrew her phone, and did a few clicking before handing it to me. Lori leaned over me and fished in my boxers to take out my cock. As I looked at the first picture she kissed the tip of my penis. She looked up at me and smiled. "Tell me what you see." 

"You standing against the wall, holding up your skirt, your thong pushed down your thigh." 

"What do I look like?"

"Like a wanton slut." I felt her hand grip the base of my cock, while her tongue swirled around the tip. I swiped to the next picture - a rear shot. "Did you enjoy sticking out your ass for the camera?" 

"Uh huh." Her mouth was full. 

Next picture: Lori fully bent over the sink, legs spread her ass exposed, her fingers over her pussy. "You look ready to be fucked." 

"Or eaten," Lori said as she pumped me harder now, her mouth taking me in as fully as she could. 

"Did you want to feel her mouth-"

"Lick my pussy? Lick my ass? Lick me all over?" She smiled and went back to sucking my cock. 

"And does Heather have these, too?" 

She came up for air. "Yep." 

As she continued sucking me I thought about Heather saving these pictures. Would she masturbate to them? Would she show them to someone else? But then I closed my eyes and pictured my wife, bent over the sink, with Heather on her knees, licking the back of her legs, up to her thighs and then diving between her legs. And then I imagined Lori licking another woman, being pushed to her knees, and Heather pulling her panties aside, and grabbing Lori by the hair and pulling her face to her, forcing her to lick her pussy. All the while my wife's mouth worked overtime on me, and soon I found myself close to the edge. 

"I'm going to cum," I told her. 

"Cum for me, Al. Cum for me." She pulled her mouth off my cock. One hand stroked the base, the other wrapped itself around the head. "I'm your slutty wife. I want to lick another woman. I want you watch me lick-" 

And soon enough her palm was full of my hot sticky cum. 

THE END

This fictional story Copyright (c) 2014, 2018 by Al X (MRALX99)

You may link to this story from non-commercial or free sites,

but you may not copy or use it for any commercial purpose.