 She was in her early 40's with blonde curly hair and a full, rubenesque body. She had never physically met him. What had started as a friendship had turned into something quite different. He had seen her on her webcam many times. He had played with her mind in order to watch her reactions, her facial expressions and her breathing.

They had decided to meet halfway between their respective homes.

When she entered the room there had been a plain brown box lying on the bed with instructions attached. She changed into the white corset from inside which showed off her creamy skin and full, rounded breasts. The top edge of the corset just barely managed to conceal her dark pink erect nipples. She wore the white, sheer, thigh high stockings which he had included with the outfit and the white strappy heels that completed the ensemble. She was also wearing the white satin blindfold which she had found tucked into the box. She had been instructed to leave the door ajar and to sit on the edge of the bed and wait.

She waited, feeling edgy, knowing that the door was ajar and that anyone could walk in if they wanted to. Her hands were clasped in her lap, and every now and then she would reach for the blindfold and then stop, knowing that she must leave it because that is what he had wanted. Every slight little sound caused her to jump, caused goose bumps to break out on her skin.

Just as she thought possibly he was not going to be there, that this had all been part of his control, she heard the door creak. With a sharp intake of breath she turned her head slightly towards the sound. "Are you there?" she whispered.

"Shhhhhh," was the reply.

Biting her lip, she fidgeted on the edge of the bed. She could hear slight movements in the room, but it seemed the beating of her own heart practically covered any other sound. The delicate pink tip of her tongue darted out to wet her lips.

She jumped as she felt his finger meet her shoulder and trail its way down her arm barely touching her. As his hand reached hers he took it in his and lifted it to his lips, kissing the palm, pausing to gently bite the pad at the base of her thumb. A small moan escaped her lips.

Suddenly he dropped her hand and moved away from her. She felt a breeze and realized that the entire exchange since he had entered the room had occurred with the door to the room open for anyone to see. She could hear the rustle of clothing as he moved through the room. She heard a click and the rattle as the lock was turned, then silence.

She heard no movement at all now. She knew he was watching her, watching her reactions. It seemed as if an hour passed as she waited. Suddenly, she felt his hot breath at her ear.

"You are so beautiful," he whispered.

She whimpered as his lips trailed down her neck, across her collarbone. She felt his warm hand on her inner thigh. She unconsciously spread her thighs as his hand slid upward. As his hand reached her warmth she felt his fingers softly tease at her, feeling her heat and dipping into her wetness. His thumb circled teasingly around her sensitive clit as one finger entered her with agonizing slowness.

"Please," she moaned.

"Don't make a sound," he softly growled.

Abruptly his hand left her. She felt his finger at her mouth as he spread her own moisture across her lips. Her mouth opened to suck in his finger, tasting herself on him. His mouth came to hers, replacing his finger for a deep, searching, and urgent kiss. As he kissed her he reached down to her breasts and lifted them free of the confines of the corset. He teased each nipple in turn as he rolled and gently pinched them between his thumb and forefinger. His mouth left hers and she felt his lips connect with one of her rock hard buds. Shivers shot through her as he sucked and pulled at each one. His hand slid down to stroke the dripping outer lips of her pussy. She tried to put her arms around him but he removed them and placed them next to her hips on the bed.

"Don't touch yet," he whispered.

Suddenly she felt his hand in her hair and something hard brush across her lips. Her tongue flicked out to catch the moisture at the tip of his shaft as he slid the head across her lips. Roughly he pulled her head back forcing her to open her mouth. His other hand came under her chin, thumb caressing her as he slowly slid into her mouth. She tried to back away, but he wouldn't let her. His hand was tight in her hair, guiding her head as he fucked her mouth.

Just when she thought she could take no more, he withdrew, his breathing ragged. He took her wrists in his hands and pulled her to her feet.

"Turn around," he demanded.

She did as he said without another thought. His legs came up behind her and he forced her forward onto the bed. As he urged her further onto the bed one of his knees came between her legs, spreading them apart. As she lay face down, he reached up and removed her blindfold. He grasped her wrists and stretched them up over her head on the pillows as he wrapped the satin around her wrists. Urging her up onto her knees with her legs spread, he knelt and bent over her as he brought his left hand around to the front of her neck. Using his thumb to stroke along her cheek, he growled into her ear, "Look."

She turned her head to the side and saw them both in the mirror that was alongside the bed. His mahogany skin was a stark contrast to her creamy white. The contrast was made even more striking by the white satin of the corset and the sheer white stockings and heels. A split second after she looked in the mirror he entered her. He slid into her so suddenly that she couldn't stop the groan that escaped her. Her hips thrust back as he buried himself inside of her. His hand still at her throat, his lips came to her shoulder and she felt the bite of his teeth.

She watched mesmerized in the mirror as he began to slowly stroke into and out of her. He straightened and moved his left hand to her head and grasped a handful of hair. He tugged his hand to one side so she would have to turn her head and watch as he enjoyed her. As he slid out of her he stopped, the head just inside of her. She could feel herself twitch, her pussy trying to grasp at him, keep him inside of her. As she tried to move her hips back on him, his hand came down in a sharp crack against her behind.

"Don't move," he growled, as his strong hand grasped her and made her be still.

He reached around her as she trembled and grasped a full breast in his hand, pinching the nipple in his fingers. Just when she thought she could no longer take it, he plunged inside of her. As he rode her, he slid his hand down over her stomach. He teased her swollen lower lips with his fingers just before he began sliding them over her clit. As he stroked into her with more urgency, he pinched and twirled her sensitive clit between his fingers. Now he allowed her to thrust her hips back onto him.

As he felt her body start to tremble he slid his hand to the front of her throat while he used his other hand to steady her as he stroked her clit and thrust into her. Her head dropped exposing her neck. As he leaned forward and bit into her neck her entire body exploded and she screamed his name as she came. Her world consisted of nothing more than his body on and inside of hers, pleasure consuming her.

He thrust deeply inside as he felt her muscles start to spasm around him. His arm wrapped underneath of her steadying her as he pounded into her. His sweat dripped down onto her neck and shoulder. He plunged into her, groaning, his thrusts pinning her to the bed as he spent himself inside of her.

Their breathing steadied as their movements slowed. They became more aware of the world around them. He smoothed his hand over her shoulders and ran his fingers through her hair, then rolled over to his side and pulled her back up against him. As his arms came around her, she snuggled back into him. They both drifted off to sleep thinking of the next time they would meet.