 You know, I realize that you go to the office and that you have work to do. I understand that there are some days that you're overwhelmed and so busy that it's hard to find time to turn around. I hope that today isn't like that. You see, I have something planned that I really think you'll like. I hope you do, anyway. I really haven't planned this fully, but I do know that I want to visit you at work, and I want to see how much you like these black stockings that I bought especially for you.

There's more to the outfit, of course. I really can't been seen out in public with just my stockings and high heels...though, I don't know any man who would complain. Still, I like the thought of being seen by only you. I'm not dressing for anyone else's eyes or fantasies or pleasure. You are the one I think of and desire, and want to please... and tease. So, I dress carefully with that in mind. First, the sexy panty set that goes underneath that conservative charcoal grey skirt and white blouse. I hope you like the color as much as I do... I love the dark purple with black lace trim... it makes me feel very sexy, almost like I have a secret underneath these clothes, and I suppose I do.

Once I finish dressing, it won't take me long to get there. I know the office will be busy with others scurrying about, but I hope that no one will need your attention. Not as much as I do. I have felt this need to lock that door and take your mind off your work for just a little while. I don't think you'll be too busy to say no and, if you're in a meeting, I'll just sit here and wait. Otherwise, I'm going to make myself at home. On your desk, on your lap... it really depends on how I feel when I get there and the look on your face. Oh, yes. Your reaction is important to me. I want to see the smile that brightens your face when I arrive, and the desire as I tell you why I'm there. I promise, no one will hear because I am going to walk around behind your chair and whisper it in your ear as I rub your shoulders. I want you to relax as I finish walking around that chair and stand in front of you. You see, I'm here to disrupt your day in the most provocative way I can.

I can imagine it all now, how you will lean back in your chair and smile, giving a slight nod. My permission to continue. Don't think for a moment that I don't know that I'm not in charge. But, I do like pleasing you, being sexy for you, showing you how I want and desire you and, like the photo of the chain around her ankle, show you the depth of my submission and adoration.

That's when I will start to undress for you. It won't take long to unbutton the blouse, to slip the skirt off and lay them aside. If I know you, you still won't reach out to touch me, or say anything... you'll watch and wait to see exactly where I plan to take this. As I said, I still haven't thought it through. It will be new for both of us. Casually, I'll turn completely around showing you the cute little outfit underneath that is for your eyes only and, when I have your complete attention, I'll slide up on that desk right in front of you and slip my shoes off. I know... they look so sexy! But, since our talk the other day, I've thought of teasing my feet along your thighs and rubbing them over your manhood making it hard, and I've just got to do this.

Just thinking of you straining in your trousers makes me want to change my mind! Or, rather, it just brings another idea to mind. One where I am straddling your lap and rubbing my wet, little panties along your hard length. That rough feel of cloth against my most tender spot. It's a good thing I really don't have a plan and can take this wherever it goes, do whatever feels right at the moment.

Still... the idea of being on the desk is the one that has filled my mind for days. My feet rubbing against you before settling on the arms of your chair, my legs spread wide for your gaze. I want to tease myself for you, brush my finger softly against the panties covering my delicate place. I want to tease you with my words asking how you would like to tease me there, too...would you want to tickle me there?

These thoughts of disrupting your day have continued to cause this slow ache inside me, and I'm not sure which one of us is more aroused by it. Here I am, on my way to disrupt your day, and I'm still not sure how I can make you want me as much as I want you. But, I'm going to try.