 I decided to join a discussion group not far from my home. I got tired of sitting around the house and seeing my husband watch the tube all night long and then fall asleep. I needed to get out and stimulate myself. This group would invite interesting people in and have them tell stories about their lives and experiences. I figure I could also meet some new people.

The first few meetings went well. I did get to meet some people and talk about new things. I also met Joseph. Joseph was a tall black man who spoke like he had some education behind him. He didn't say much but when he did the people there tended to listen. I somehow managed to be seated next to him for a few of these meetings. 

One night as we were leaving, he turned to me and asked, "you don't say much either, how did you find tonight's speaker?"

I told Joseph that our speaker seemed to know his subject but he was holding something back. He hadn't told us the whole story. Joseph nodded his head in agreement. He said that perhaps we should have coffee some evening after our discussion group ended. For a brief moment I thought of my lazy husband Larry. He would be asleep when I got home from our talks. I told Joseph I would love to have coffee.

Sure enough Joseph and I droved to one of the local coffee shops nearby. I don't know what came over me. I was looking at Joseph the whole time. I found him handsome and educated. He seemed to like me as well and God knows, I wasn't getting much attention at home. After we finished drinking our coffee Joseph asked me if I would like to stop by his place and talk some more. He said the night was still young and there was no sense in wasting it.

I knew I probably shouldn't go to someone's house I just met but I wanted to know Joseph better. I said sure, I could drive over. I followed Joseph back to his apartment complex. We both went inside and then Joseph kissed me on the lips. I never saw that coming. He said that he found me attractive and he thought I felt the same way. I did find Joseph attractive but this was a little sudden. It didn't matter what I thought. Joseph pulled me into his big body and he began to run his hands all over me.

What can I say? I gave into Joseph's advances. I sure wasn't getting much loving at home. Here was a man who liked me. I guess I was somewhat naive. Joseph started to pull my top up over my head. He unsnapped my bra and my tits came tumbling out. Before you knew it, Joseph was sucking on my nipples. Joseph knew how to push all my buttons. As he made my nipples hard he managed to push my pants down to the floor. He told me to kick them away and take off my shoes. I did as he asked.

Then Joseph undressed before me. I had never been with or seen a naked black man before. Joseph's cock was huge. He made my husband look like a pee-wee. His dick had to be nine inches in length and he was thick as a large hose. Joseph lifted me into his arms and carried me back to his bed. He put me down and then spread my legs apart. Joseph started licking up and down my gash. I thought I was going to cum right there.

After a few minutes of getting me worked up, Joseph pulled away. I could see his mouth was covered in my juices. He wiped his face with his arm and then took hold of my ankles. He raised my legs up over his shoulders. I didn't think I could take what Joseph was offering. He inserted his big black dick at my opening and began to push into me. I think I started to scream. His black pole was ripping me apart. Joseph went slowly but I could barely take his big monster of a cock.

It took some time but it seemed like Joseph had most of his dick inside my pussy. It felt like he had stuffed a log pole in my belly. That is when the fucking began. I looked to see his ass going up and down. Joseph was fucking me like I was some young virgin. I knew I was tight but Joseph's cock was stretching me beyond belief. He had my legs pushed into my tits and he was feeding me his beef. 

I have no idea how long Joseph gave me cock. I know I was starting to feel raw. Joseph kept giving me all nine inches of his black pole. I knew he had most of his cock inside me because his balls were hitting my ass cheeks. I didn't think it possible I could take so much of his cock. Joseph's body began to tense up and he arched his back. I next felt his hot seed shooting up into my passage. My body shook as he hosed me with his sticky cum. There was so much of it. I could feel it leaking out of my pussy.

Just because Joseph was cumming didn't mean he stopped fucking me. He kept driving that thick black prick deep into my belly. It is safe to say I never in my life had a cock like that. It took some long minutes before Joseph finished squirting all his spunk into my body. It felt like someone had beat me up. Joseph finally pulled out of me. I was breathing like mad. Joseph lowered his face and gave my nipples a one last time work over.

"I hope you enjoyed that Elizabeth," he said to me.

I told him I had never had sex like that before. He laughed and said he hoped it was the first of many times for us. I had my doubts I could keep taking a cock like that. I ended up proving myself wrong. After each discussion class we would head back to Joseph's apartment. Each time he would feed me his cock and I would take his load of cream. I managed to ride his cock a few times but Joseph liked to get me on all fours. He would take me from behind with his huge hands on my waist. 

Don't be mistaken. I was screaming most of the time he fed me his cock. I knew I was able to take him a little easier but he still was enormous. One thing was for sure. I had no sex with my husband from that point on. I never told Joseph this but I was falling in love with him. I had no idea if he had other lovers or not. I just couldn't be without his thick member buried deep in my body. Thankfully I was on the pill. Joseph never used a rubber and I lost track on how many times he came in me.

I know somewhere down the road I want Joseph all to myself. I haven't been able to get up the courage to ask him where we stand. Maybe soon I can ditch my husband and have that beautiful black cock all to my own.