 "This room is lovely," said Debi, jumping on the bed. "It's bigger than our flat!"

Don smiled, "Well work is paying for it, and they like us to keep refreshed on these business trips."

Debi rolled across the double bed. "And this bed, it's so soft...come over and feel."

Don wandered over and sat next to her. "You get what you pay for I guess, but you're right, you could have a lot of fun on here." 

"So what are we waiting for?" Debi pouted, running her hand down his leg. "We've got time before dinner."

"I'd love to," said Don, tousling her hair. "But I just need to do this work call first."

Debi frowned. "And how long will that take?" She twirled her long brown hair and smiled seductively. "I don't like to be kept waiting." Her smile was her best feature, an irresistible and seductive weapon if she chose to use it. When she smiled her whole face lit up, her brown eyes sparkled and her white teeth were framed by perfect, kissable lips.

"I tell you what," said Don resisting her charms and trying to stay business like, "why don't you watch TV while I make the call. It won't take long."

"You're no fun," said Debi crossly, and went to sit at the edge of the bed in front of the TV. She flicked through the channels until she found some sort of reality show and turned the sound down.

Don sat back on the bed, propping himself up with a pillow against the headboard and putting his laptop on his legs. He plugged in some headphones and was shortly in conversation with some colleagues on a Skype meeting.

After about ten minutes Debi sighed and came to lay next to him on the bed. "I'm bored. Who are you talking to?"

"Shh." said Don, quickly muting himself. "Try not to make a noise when I'm talking otherwise everyone can hear it."

"Oh, spoilsport. I'm sure I could make the conversation more interesting," she chuckled, flashing the dazzling white smile. She put her hands on her chest. "Oooh come on boys...Don is having a sexy massage."

Don put his fingers to his lips to silence her. To be fair he was having a hard time concentrating given what the alternative was. Debi lay on the bed, her shoulder length brown hair complementing her inviting eyes, and her tanned skin contrasting with the white silk top she wore. Through the thin material Don could make out the outline of her bra, and as he imagined what that constrained he felt himself getting hard, despite the ongoing call.

Debi rolled on to her side, and toyed with his foot. Her tight blue trousers showed the shapeliness of her legs. Not thin by any means, but with a shape that was topped by a beautiful backside. A proper hour glass figure.

"Anyway," said Don on the call. "We need to go through the presentation now as tomorrow will be too late. I guess everyone can stay on for another hour or so? Good."

Debi looked up and mouthed, "I can't wait an hour."

Don smiled at her, turned on by the fact she wanted him so much. He stroked her face and put himself on mute again. "Won't be long."

Debi began picking at his shirt, muttering. "We'll see how long you'll be."

She began to brush her hand up and down Don's leg as he was talking. He smiled but carried on the conversation. As she stroked her leg she reached up to kiss his neck. Mockingly he pushed her away. "I need to concentrate," he said. "Here, have this to be getting on with."

With that he gave her a kiss, which was abruptly cut short when he had to answer a question.

Debi decided to take the action into her own hands. Kneeling on the bed next to him she slowly began to lift her top, prodding Don to make sure he was watching. He couldn't help but stare as her brown, toned belly came into view, followed by the bottom of her bra. She stopped, raising an eyebrow. "Shall I carry on?" she whispered.

Don nodded, trying to explain something to someone on the call at the same time. 

Debi slowly lifted her top to reveal two large, firm breasts held together by a white lacy bra through which Don could just make out her pink, hard nipples. She played with her top for a while before lifting it completely over head. She looked down at her chest then looked at Don. Taking his hand she made him touch her breasts, causing his laptop to bob up on his lap where his erection was now making itself known.

"Yes Andrew," he said distractedly. "Your slides are great, but can we just go through the text again as I'm not sure it reads quite right."

Debi rolled her eyes and let his hand fall. Instead she began to play with her tits herself, squeezing them together and around. She pulled the fabric forwards so he could see a little more, then slipped her hand inside to play with her nipple.

Don couldn't resist watching, getting turned on by the gorgeous figure before him. Her brown eyes shone with humour as she leant forward and back, to give him differing views of their shape. She pouted as she pulled the material forward so he could glimpse both nipples, but then covered them again and continued with her squeezing and rolling.

Putting himself on mute again, Don couldn't resist leaning forward to kiss one of them, marvelling at its cool softness. He also brushed his lips against Debi's causing her to close her eyes and moan softly. She pushed him back against the headboard.

Sitting on her knees right up off the bed Debi mouthed "Watch" as she moved her hand down from her tits, over her tummy and into her trousers,

Don couldn't help but watch as Debi closed her eyes, and he saw the shape of her hand move through her trouser material. He couldn't be quite sure what she was doing, but he could have a good guess and it was certainly turning her on. And him.

"Sorry, what was that?" he sputtered as someone asked him a question on the call. "Yes, yes, that's what we need to do. Just ask Frank...ummm...Frank..." He stumbled over his words as he watched Debi pop the buttons on her trousers and slowly push them down over her voluptuous hips. Her black lace panties came into view, a thin triangle over her mound held together by two lace strings either side. She stood briefly to pull the trousers right off then, crawled back over the bed towards him, her breasts dangling down, bum in the air invitingly. 

She lay on her front next to him, so he could have a perfect view of her backside, barely concealed by the almost see-through black knickers she was wearing. With her left hand, she began to stroke his leg again, but this time moved up to his dick, now bulging within his trousers desperate to be free.

She pretended to pout as he gawped, still trying to concentrate on the call going on in his ears.

Slowly she reached behind and undid her bra, carefully pulling it off so he couldn't see her breasts.

He reached out to stroke her back. "Still busy?" she asked innocently, giving a smile.

"No, it was nothing," he stammered. With his lust building he had forgotten to put the call on mute, and someone had heard her voice. "Yes, just asking whether I wanted a cup of tea," he said to the work colleagues and laughed. "Yes, I do get a good service..."

Debi licked her lips and rolled slowly onto her back. Her breasts, full, fleshy and fun were free, Her nipples stood out, hard against the darker skin surrounding them. She reached up and began to tweak and then rub them together, getting more excited as she did. As she pushed and squeezed her legs squirmed, her hips moving in time to her hand movements displaying the shapeliness of her legs.

Don now was losing his concentration completely. He reached across to touch Debi, but she batted his hand away. "When you can spare me the time..."

"Guys, we really need to hurry this up," he said into his microphone. Quickly he muted his phone again. With his headset still on he quickly undid his trousers and pushed them off. His cock was hard, and pressing to be released, but Debi was too wrapped up in her own activity to care. He began to stroke himself, beginning to lose the plot with the conference call as Debi moved her hand away from her breasts, down over her tanned tummy and slowly into her black knickers.

She began to moan as she played with herself, and as she did he could see her fingers moving in and out of her vagina. He could hear the soft squelching as her excitement grew and she began writhe, moving her legs to better enjoy herself.

Dave could wait no longer, pushing his pants down to reveal his bobbing cock, hard, red, glowing and ready to go. He tried to pull his shirt off, but got caught with his headset and gave up.

"Sales?" he asked. "No I think we should just... urghhmmff". He couldn't finish the sentence as Debi had moved over and begun to lick him, gently tickling his testicles with her long painted nails. Her head bobbed up and down, her face hidden by her long brown hair. She pushed her tits against his dick, encasing it in their softness, causing him to groan out loud.

"I think I need to go on mute for a second." he told the callers as Debi slowly pulled her knickers down, revealing her backside first. She then sat up, so he could appreciate her complete nakedness, her full breasts, her trimmed pussy and her soft welcoming thighs. He reached over and ran his finger down her neck, over a breast, over a nipple, down over her tummy until he reached her vagina. Slipping his finger in he could feel her wetness and warmth. "I'm ready," she mouthed. "Don't muck me about now."

She pushed his t-shirt up and shuffled over so she was astride and on top of him. Debi sat there playing with her breasts again, not moving her hips, just teasing him with her warmth on his dick. He lay still, not daring to move, not knowing where to look and the headset still on with meeting voices echoing in his ears.

"Please," he gasped, his engorged penis now pressed against her vagina. "

Please...oh fuck. Sorry. I'll put myself on mute." He scrambled to find the mute button and his laptop fell to the floor with a thud. Dave no longer cared. He reached up and rolled Debi's nipples in his fingers, then sat up to nibble and then suck on one of her tits. The small, hard pinkness of her nipples stood out against her darker areoles as he lay back again.

She began to move her hips, and both groaned as he moved inside her, feeling the warm wetness surround his long, thick dick. She leant forward, pushing herself back to get full penetration, and began to ride him, backwards and forwards. Faster and faster until they were both gasping and sweating with effort.

Suddenly she paused, leaning down to kiss his chest. Both were breathing hard as she licked his nipple before moving her hands up and down his strong body.

"I need you now," Don said his voiced strained with passion. 

"Then you'll need to take the headset off," she said, as she moved off him and turned away onto all fours, presenting her ass to him. "Fuck me."

He didn't need to be asked twice. Yanking the headset off he knelt up, running his hands down her back, grabbing her thighs and pulling her bum towards him. He put his hands on her shoulders and pulled her into him, thrusting forward for maximum penetration.

With a groan he pushed into her as she pushed back, both now moving rhythmically with each other's thrusts. His hips smacked against her soft backside as she lost herself. "Yes, yes" was all she could manage as she felt the cock inside her, rubbing her to the point of climax.

Suddenly the pleasure exploded over her, blanking her mind with the most sensational feeling. At the same time he felt himself explode inside her, a fantastic relief as he came with a final "fuuckkkkk me..."

She collapsed forward, and he fell on top of her, enjoying the soft feeling of her warm flesh against his. Both lay panting as he retrieved his headset.

"Ah." was all she heard him say, 

He looked sheepish. "Next time I need to check I've put it on mute...