 Another quick piece of smut for your pleasure.

Thanks to my friend, Victoria Whita, for the pictures that inspired me to write this. She writes pretty good stuff as well.

Please vote and comment once you're done. Feedback drives me to write more.

Squinting at my computer's screen a little, I try to bring the letters and words into focus. I've been at this too long.

This always happens when I'm working. I've got a story to write. I promised my publisher a new one and, as always, I disappear inside my mind. I'm up early in the morning, barely eat, sit at the computer, wander around the house and neighbourhood to think, stay up late, go to bed, toss and turn, then start the whole process over again.

I'm lucky I have a lady who doesn't take this personally.

I've been hearing her move around our house. She showered in the bathroom and has gone into the bedroom. Nothing since though. She must have gone to bed. I sigh and think, "I had better go soon then. I need the rest."

"Sweetie?" I jump at the sudden sound of her voice behind me. "I bought something today and I need your opinion on it."

Automatically I swivel my chair towards her. If she asks something, I answer, she's too important to me.

All tiredness lifts from me as she falls under my gaze. My cock hardens in my shorts at the sight of her. She is standing with her back to me, her long dark hair gathered in her hands and held to her head. This gives me a full view of her. My lady has lovely pale skin, almost flawless in its creamy texture. Hip cocked to one side, her beautiful ass is the center of my attention. Wonderfully rounded, its pure sensuality pushes more blood into my member, making it dense as wood.

She's wearing an outfit I haven't seen before; a gauzy, black, two piece set of lingerie of a spider web pattern. The garment clings tightly and contrasts with her skin, making it even more exquisite. The crack of her ass is almost hidden as her flimsy garment highlights her firm, lovely cheeks.

I make a gulping noise. It's the only response to the sexy vision in front of me.

She gives a merry little laugh and shakes her ass a little. "I take it you approve," she states.

The movement of her buttocks completes my transformation from soft to hard. I reach into my pants to move my prick into a more comfortable position. Rolling my chair forward, I take her by the hips and sit her in my lap. "Why don't you tell me?" I ask her.

"Oh!" she squeals, and wiggles over my erection. "You do like it."

With a little hiss of pleasure, she changes her bottom's motion to a back and forth stroke. I make a gulping noise, take her hips in my hands and guide her into a faster rhythm. Lovely shocks of pleasure shiver outward from where she runs against me. She whines, leans forward and presses herself tight to me.

Giving a loud gasp, I wrap my arms around her waist, holding her fast, inhibiting our play. We're both too close and I want to be in her when that happens. Reaching up, I cup her firm breasts, squeezing them gently.

She gives a breathy sibilance and presses back into my chest. Her left hand comes up, places itself on my cheek, pulls my head to hers. There is a wide grin on my face as I stroke my beard over the delicate skin of her shoulder. She trills as I place my lips over the same spot.

Abruptly, she stands, turns towards me. She places one leg of each arm of my chair and slides in until she's pressing her lovely tits to me. Her legs move up as her hips move down and she places the wet fabric at her crotch on my hardness once more.

Her eyes flutter for a moment at the sensation, then she takes my head in her hands and covers my lips with her own. Ravenously, she works at me, teasing my tongue. Her hips shimmy, grinding my rigid member into her soaking slit. She gasps, leaves my mouth and pants in my ear. "Oh God," she groans, "I'll never get tired of this. You against me, wanting me, pleasing me."

I can feel her body start to shake. "Not yet," I whisper and take her hips in my hands. I keep her from moving enough to go over the edge. As she leans away from me, I can see the look in her face, both wanting and eager. Wanting to finish but eager for me to inflame her some more.

Lifting up the top of her apparel, I move my head forward and take a breast in my mouth. Sucking hard, I pull as much as I can into me. My tongue runs over her satin skin, teases over her aureola, flickers over her nipple. I can feel it grow rubber hard at my laving. "Oh Jesus," comes from her in a thin whine. I have to hold very tight to keep her hips still.

My mouth releases her and I play my lips over the rest of her tit. I move across her chest tickling the skin with my facial hair. She lets loose a little sound, part giggle, part moan at the touch of me. The thin whines sounds once more as I draw her other breast in my mouth, repeating my playing.

I pull my head away. Her slick tit comes free with a slight 'pop' and jiggles for a second. I smile in lust and wonder at the sight of her tasty orbs shining with my saliva.

"Stand up sweetheart," I tell her. She does, but reluctantly. I follow her to my feet.

"Go over to the wall," I bid her, nodding towards where I have a map of the world hung. Acceding to my request, she does. I trail behind her, watching her lovely ass cheeks roll as she walks.

"Stop," comes my final direction. "Lean forward and place your hands on the map." She reaches out, putting one hand on Central Russia, one on the Northern Pacific with Iceland staring her in the face. She cocks her hip to one side, drawing my eyes towards her shapely bottom.

I kneel and pull her lower garment down. As her skin is revealed I kiss softly at it and lightly poke with my tongue. She makes a tiny noise of pleasure and presses back at me.

Soon all of her lovely bum is uncovered. I peel her panties down her gorgeous legs and she steps from them. My hands gently spread her limbs and I can finally see her beautiful, drenched pussy.

"But not yet" I tell myself. Instead I use my thumbs to reveal her tender pucker and I dart my tongue over it. At close, but irregular intervals I poke and swirl, teasing over the responsive nerves there. Her elbows give way and her body moves away, her head coming to rest on the wall. I follow at once, not wanting to lose the taste of her.

At each touch of my tongue, she gives sharp little gulps, a certain sign of her excitement. I know with that, it's time to move on. I move downwards, over her perineum. Tickling my tongue over the tender skin there I feel her cheeks flex in my hands, telling me how exciting she finds my touch. The gulps become a stammering groan.

A little lower and I'm licking her moist lips. Her groan becomes louder and more shrill. I push my tongue inside, circle it around. The taste of her honeyed slipperiness and feel of her hot fissure deluges my mind. My passion for her shimmers through me.

I then take her clit in my mouth, suck at it softly. The tip of my tongue flicks across it. She tries to pull away but I knew she would so I hold her thighs tightly. Her moment of shock ends as she pushes back once more, craving my touch now. Keening with desire, she shoves herself at my face, demanding I bring her to an explosion.

I deny her. Standing, I undo my shorts and let them fall to the ground. My prick springs free.

"Are you ready?" I ask.

"God yes," is her sputtered reply.

"God! Yes!" she repeats as I push myself into her. I pull back then push again. And again. I move steadily in and out of her. I can feel her inner muscles clasp at me, hungering for my presence in her.

She moves with me, helping me. She tells me in single words the pleasure I'm giving her. "God. Yes. Good. More. More. Please. Please. Please."

I speed up my rhythm, stroking harder now. I can see her ass ripple as my hips collide with her. The muscles in her back stand out as ecstasy tightens them.

Her noise gets louder and her vocabulary smaller. "Oh! God! Oh! God! Oh! God! Oh! God!" I can tell she is seconds from exploding.

She sounds a guttural growl and I feel her clamp tight around me. Her body shakes and shimmies as the waves of her orgasm trigger her nerves in ecstatic pulses. Her delight drips from her, sluices along my cock and down my legs.

It's too much for me and my own howl sounds as I let go. My seed sprays from me like water from a hose. My pace becomes irregular, my muscles following my pleasure's directives.

My libation feeds her fire like gasoline. She clamps harder around me and quakes like jelly. "Yes!" she hisses. My eyes lose focus at the exquisite bliss of her pressure.

Our knees give out and we fall to them. I never leave her hot, quivering depths. We grab at each other, still shaking with our climaxes. We seem to melt together into a single entity, one lost in elysium.

The world comes back to us. "Jesus!" we exclaim together, "that was good." She makes that little purring sound she does when she's very happy. I lick at her shoulder, tasting the sweetness of her.

"I'm glad you like it," she says, giggling.

"Like is too weak a word," I reply. "I love it. And the woman who bought it even more."

She turns her head to me and we kiss, with warmth and love.

"It's time for bed," she tells me. With a sated groan she stands, and I feel the loss as my cock is exposed to the air. Shaking, I rise to my feet as well, take her waist and lead her to the bedroom. We have to support each other. Walking would be difficult alone.

Climbing into bed, we pull the sheets over ourselves and snuggle up to each other. I kiss her forehead and tell her, "Thank you."

"You're welcome," she replies drawing me tighter. "I know you, and you needed a distraction. You get so lost in your mind."

"I'm so happy you're in my life. Go to sleep, beautiful. Thank you again."

Closing her eyes, she does as I ask.

I smile and follow her. My last thought is I have something else to write tomorrow.

And here's the result.

 FIN