 You were working too hard as usual. Your hand scrunched in your hair, resting on your forehead in concentration as you slaved over your homework for your masters degree. I took it upon myself to offer you some relief. Going upstairs to our bedroom, I change into your favorite lacy bra, a black pair of underwear, and my sweater that falls off my shoulders the way you like. 

Casually, I make my way back down feigning innocence at my undress. To my displeasure, you don't look up from your homework to notice me. I sit on the couch and pout slightly, planning my next move. After a few minutes, you glance up and notice my pout. 

"You look so cute when you pout, but what's wrong?" You ask.

I slowly get up from the couch so you can see my outfit and start making my way towards the table where you've set up shop. You see what I'm wearing and your eyes get big as you say "What's this about?" 

I move behind you to nibble on your neck.

"I was thinking you could use a study break." I say.

I can hear you sigh as I continue kissing and rubbing your arms.

"I've really got to do homework sweetheart," you say. 

"What if you continued your homework while I provided a slight...distraction?"

You turn slightly to look at me with an eyebrow raised. Before you can object, I make my way under the table and begin to undo your pants. 

"I don't think..." you begin to say and then you sigh and scoot closer to the edge of the chair to make my job easier. 

Once your pants are undone, I pull your cock out and quickly put it in my mouth. I'm pleased to find that you were already halfway erect and as I begin to suck, I feel it harden the rest of the way. I hear you pick up your pencil in a vain attempt to keep working and then your gasps and moans as I do my best to distract you. After a few minutes you finally say "Enough" and scoot your chair back.

"Go upstairs, take off your bra and underwear, but leave your sweater on. Don't touch yourself, but think about my cock inside you while you wait," You say to me. I'm not sure I've ever been more turned on. 

I go upstairs and do as I'm told. It's probably only minutes that I have to wait, but needing your touch made it feel like hours. You come into the room, setting a glass of ice water on the side table. Your gaze over me as I lie on the bed has me feeling like I could melt. You go into our closet and come out holding a tie and I'm practically shaking, ready for what's to come. 

"Give me your hands," you murmur. 

I stretch them out for you and you deftly bind my wrists in your tie. You push my arms back and tell me to scoot down so I'm fully extended on our King sized bed. 

"Are you sure you want this?" You ask

"Please," I beg. 

"I'm not sure you deserve it, distracting me from my homework like that. Have you been a good girl?"

"Yes, please I need you," I whisper.

"We'll see about that," you reply with a smirk on your face.

Kneeling onto the bed, you take the bottom hem of my sweater and lift up, covering my eyes so I can no longer see. My breathing accelerates. 

I hear you take your glass from the table and take a sip. Suddenly, my nipple is ice cold as I feel ice circle it. I gasp in shock and pleasure. You drag the ice cube across my chest and circle my other nipple. As you do this, you enclose your mouth around my other nipple, warming it up and it feels so good as your tongue swirls it around. Your mouth stays on my breast, but your other hand begins to move the ice down my body. You trail it down my body, circling my belly button and make it's way further down. Suddenly I feel it on my warm vagina, making me freeze but weirdly turned on. 

I feel your mouth start to following the trail on the ice as the ice continues to torture my clit when suddenly your mouth is on me and I moan loudly, feeling the temperature contrast. You begin to suck my clit as one of your fingers makes it's way in me. Your pace starts slow and then quickly you begin to speed up. I feel like I'm getting closer to the edge when you put another finger in me and I come hard. 

As I'm recovering, you come up, kissing me hard. You keep your lips on me as you begin untying my wrists and remove my sweater. 

You stand up and quickly dispose of your clothes and tell me to flip over. I feel you thrust hard from behind and I call out. I brace myself on the bed as you begin to move behind me. 

"Do you like getting fucked hard dirty girl?" You gasp in between breathes.

"Oh god, yes," I pant.

"I bet you do, you're a little slut. And you love that no one knows how insatiable you are."

Your words begin to spur another orgasm in me, so I reach down and begin to rub my clit.

"But I know your secret," you continue. "I know how dirty you really are and just what you need. You need me to fill you with my hot cum until you can't take anymore, don't you? Just fill your hot pussy with my come so you'll be satisfied for another day."

"Yes, please, come in me," I beg so close to orgasm.

"Fuck, yes," I hear you sigh and it's my undoing as I feel you come in me.

Both finally spent, we lay down and I rest my head on your chest. 

"Was that an ok distraction?" I ask timidly wondering if you'll be mad that I took you away from important homework.

"Very ok, baby," you say as you lightly kiss the top of my head. "You can distract me like that any time."