 This is a follow on to A Taste of France. It is a stand alone story and can be read separately.




I'd met Alex a few months earlier, when she rented the house next door. Alex – Alexandra - was French, and liked to sunbathe in her back yard. This had led to exhibitionism, teasing, flirting, eventually to sex, and now we were dating. I thought Alex was gorgeous; 5' 6", slim and curvaceous, dark shoulder length hair, seductive eyes and full lips above a half opened mouth, with that European sense of style that I found so enticing.

We were in her bed - I often slept at her house – and it was early morning, with the dawn just breaking and the birds singing. Alex was lying on her right side under the sheet, curled up against me. We'd gone to bed early the previous night, tired so no sex. As usual we were naked... she stirred, and I moved against her, my groin spooning against her ass. I pulled her close so she could feel my growing erection, and started stroking the skin of her left hip and thigh.

Still sleepy, she pushed back against me and I reached further round to caress her left breast, a clear sign that I wanted her. I moved my hand lower, to gently stroke her sex, but she reached down to stop me.

"Cherie," she said pushing back against my erect penis, "sex this morning would be delightful but I don't have the time. I've an early meeting and can't be late."

I said nothing, just moved back a little to put space between us and removed my hand. She continued, "I know we haven't made love in several days. But I can't be late today."

With these words she threw back the sheet and swung her legs over the side of the bed and stood up, her dark hair cascading over her shoulders, her full heavy breasts and curvaceous body a temptation to the dead. I watched as she walked away to the bathroom, her heart-shaped derriere a thing of beauty. 

As she entered the bathroom room she turned, a hint of her full breast visible behind the curve of her back. She looked back as I lay there, my cock still hard. "Join me."

