 This is my first submission, so all comments are welcome. Good or bad

I would like to thank my editor, BlueStarGrrrl, for making this so much better than I thought it was.



Being an underwater photographer and diving instructor, pays for the bills and is something that I have a true passion for. Well, that and seeing sexy girls in tight clothes gets my gears lubricated. 

I had a class early this particular morning, and as usual, I got to the public pool an hour early to test all the equipment, and got everything setup for the class. Before I take my students out to the great big blue, I give them training at this pool, to make sure that they are properly educated and ready to take on what would often be the best experience of their lives. 

It was only 09h35 by the time that I finished the setup, and I had another 25 minutes to kill, before class started. Feeling the sun beat down on my shoulders, I knew that I had to be careful with the students today, as too much sun, and I could have a disaster on my hands. 

Looking at the thermostat, I could see that the temperature had climbed to 33°C already. Grabbing a bottle of cold water from my cooler bag, I sought out some shade, and sat down on the grass around the pool. Being mid spring, and the weather being hot, the pool was quite busy. Kids running around, splashing each other with water. Moms, and the odd dad, sitting back, reading, just relaxing in the shade. 

I love watching people, especially women. And the public pool was the perfect place to observe them in their bikinis. Just Lying around, rubbing themselves with suntan lotion, the occasional nipple slip, or legs opening a little bit too far, showing their engorged pussy lips. We all know that heat and sunlight wreaks havoc with our hormones, and here in this little coastal town of South Africa, it was no different. 

I was only expecting two students today, a husband and wife team, which suited me perfectly, as smaller groups tend to learn quicker. I could spend more one on one time with them and teach them the basics before the class was over. 

"Hi. You must be Greg?" 

I looked over to my left, and was left briefly breathless. 

Next to me stood a blond girl, around mid twenties, with amazing features. 

Quickly recovering, I got up and extended my hand. Taking my hand, she introduced herself as Sandy. 

"Nice meeting you Sandy. Are you guys ready for your lesson today?" I asked, looking around for her husband. 

"Yeah. Well I am. My husband is feeling a bit under the weather this morning. Too much shrimp cocktail last night I think. So it will just be me today. He will be joining us next time." She said, as she put down her bag next to mine. 

I couldn't help but run my eyes over her tight ass, clad in a pair of hot pants, that she wore over her bikini bottoms.

In my time as instructor, I have dealt with numerous beautiful women, but for some reason, Sandy stood out from the rest of them. She was about 5'8", gorgeous figure, topped off with what I'd guess to be a D-cup pair of tits and muscular legs that seemed to go on forever. Blond hair hanging down to the middle of her back, tied in a ponytail, and a few loose strands of hair, hanging down the side of her face, completed the effect.

"Well I guess it's only the two of us then." I said. 

"Let me get you geared up, and we can start."

Sandy turned around, and started removing her pants, and for the second time in less than five minutes, I felt like someone had knocked the wind out of me.

Slowly she hooked her thumbs onto the elastic of her tight pants, and started pulling them down slowly. For me it felt like time slowed down, as I watched them being rolled downwards, revealing the top of her white bikini bottoms. 

As she pulled the pants over her ass, I could see that the one side had ridden up a little, showing off a wonderful, meaty ass cheek just made for grabbing. 

Hooking a finger into the elastic, she pulled the bottoms into place. She folded her pants, and bent over, giving me another glimpse of the bottoms being pulled tight over her hot ass. She stood up, and started removing her top, with her back still turned to me. This she also folded and put it in her bag. She turned sideways, pulling her hair into a tighter ponytail, and all I could do was stare at her tits. 

The bikini was clearly a size or two too small. The small triangles in front, struggled to contain the mountains of flesh. 

As she turned towards me, it seemed that they only covered her nipples, and not much else. 

"Everything all right Greg?" she asked, with a glint in her eye. "Looks like you've seen something interesting." 

I snapped my mouth shut, and turned around as fast as I could, trying to hide the growing bulge in my now very tight wetsuit pants. 

"Um, no. Was just thinking of something I might have forgotten", I said, acting like I was looking through my equipment for something. "Let's get you suited up, and we can start the lesson," I said, not daring to look at her. 

Then it suddenly dawned on me. 

When the booking was made, her husband specifically told me that she wore a small. There was no way that that athletic body would fit into a size small wetsuit. Her husband booked a double XL suit, and that would hamper her movements under water. 

"Sandy, we have a slight problem," I said, and explained the situation to her, but she didn't seem too upset about it. 

"Well if I can swim in this bikini. I could take diving lessons in them too." 

I didn't say anything, but I knew what the outcome would be. That top was far too small, and once the diving gear was strapped on, whatever she hoped to cover, would not be anymore. I should have probably explained that to her, but the little shit on my shoulder with the horns and pitchfork got the last word. 

She seemed to be a fast learner, and I did not have to repeat myself once, as we ran through the basics of diving. After about an hour, I decided that she was ready to try out the gear.

I started strapping her in, and stood behind her, to check her gauges. She backed up, and bumped her ass into my crotch.

"Oops. The gear is heavier than I thought," she said, as I grabbed her around her hips to steady her. 

I could feel her soft skin under my palms, and pulled them back quickly. I double checked her gauges, and asked her to turn around. As I expected, the straps of the gear, pulled her bikini tight over her chest. There was no way that they would hold her tits in when she jumped in the pool. Squatting down, I had all intensions of making sure the gear was properly strapped around her waist and legs. 

Next thing I knew, I was face to face with her bikini bottoms. I could clearly make out her camel toe as the material stretched over her crotch. Acting like I was pulling on the straps, I looked up and asked her if they were too tight. 

"They feel perfect," she responded without looking down. 

I looked down again, and she fell forward this time, bumping her crotch into my face. 

"Damn this gear is heavy," she said. I got up, and could feel myself blushing. She just looked at me and gave a sly smile.

I moved her to the edge of the pool, and told her to sit down, with her feet in the water, so I could fit her flippers. 

"We don't want you falling all over the place now, do we?" I said, giving a soft chuckle. 

It was her turn to blush. I got in the pool, and moved in front of her. I took one of her feet in my hands, and extended her leg, to slip the flipper on. In doing so, her legs parted, and gave me a clear view of her bikini bottoms pulled tight against her pussy. With every movement she made, the bottom seemed to creep deeper into her folds. By the time I got to her second flipper, we both knew the explicit view I was getting. But still she made no move to correct it. One of her lips has crept out from under the bottoms, and was clearly waxed smooth.

I instructed her where to stand, to practice the backward fall, that she would be doing from the boat, when I took her and her husband for their diving trip. She did exactly as I instructed, and did the fall perfectly. 

As she surfaced, I applauded her, and gave her some tips on what to remember on the diving trip. I next showed her how to prepare her diving mask, and how to submerge. As I dipped below the water, I could see that her bikini top had indeed moved. Just as I hoped, her breasts were clearly visible, and her nipples stood out like two hard little pebbles. 

Quickly I surfaced, and told her that it was her turn. She did exactly as I instructed, and submerged herself under water. I moved closer to her, just incase the first time might freak her out. After about ten seconds, the surfaced with a big smile on her face. 

"It seems that your cock finally noticed my tits," she said. " Surely took it long enough."

She moved closer to me and started rubbing my dick through the wetsuit. "I just wish you weren't wearing these." And with this, she leaned forward, and kissed me full on the mouth. 

Not wearing my gear yet, I yanked off my mask, and fiddled under the water, to pull my wet suit bottoms down. As soon as my cock was freed, her hand encircled it and she gave it a few tugs. I moved my hand to her globes and pinched one of the stiff nipples between my fingers. My other hand moved down to her pussy, and I started rubbing the lip, that had escaped earlier, between my index finger and thumb.

"I have wanted you from the moment I saw you instructing the group two days ago." She said, as she planted her lips against mine again. "I want you to fuck me right here, right now," she said as I felt her hand move over mine, and pull her bikini bottoms to one side. 

I moved my hand, and flicked a finger over her stiff clit. She moaned deeply, and let her head rest against my shoulder. I slipped a finger deep inside her pussy, and could feel how wet she was. 

My hands dipped lower, and I found the Velcro straps of her gear. Giving each a hard tug, I felt them loosen around her legs. I hooked my thumbs on the side of her bottoms, and slid them down her legs. I moved my hand back to her pussy, and slid my finger deep inside her wet folds again. 

She looked up at my face and said: "Stop teasing me, and slide that hard cock of yours deep inside me."

She grabbed my cock and pulled me closer to her. She slid her legs around my waist, and opened herself up to me. For just a moment, I thought about what her husband would say if he saw us like this, but dismissed the thought as soon as I felt her pussy lips against my rock hard dick. 

She tightened her legs around my waist, and I felt myself sliding into her hot snatch. She was unbelievably tight, and her pussy walls felt like a vice around my shaft. I pulled her to me and started kissing her, as I started moving my cock in and out of her, sliding deeper into her, with every thrust.

I placed my hands on her gorgeous ass and opened her up more. As soon as I had my cock fully inside her, I felt her starting to tremble. She bit down on my shoulder to muffle her cries, as a huge orgasm washed trough her. 

I could feel her pussy gripping my cock, as if trying to pull me deeper into her. I started fucking her harder, as saw her eyes roll back into her skull as she completely gave in to her orgasm. 

"Fuck me hard baby," she gasped and I gladly obliged, thrusting in and out of her as fast and hard as I could. 

She pulled me in for another kiss, and as her lips connected with mine, I felt her hand move over her clit, and she feverishly started rubbing on it. 

She broke the kiss, looked deep in my eyes and said: "I haven't been fucked like this in a long time. Give it to me hard big boy."

I grabbed her hips, and started moving her up and down on my shaft. I could feel how her pussy started to contract around my cock again, and knew that I wouldn't be able to last much longer. 

"I'm gonna cum babe." I told her. 

I felt her intensify her assault on her clit, as she asked me to cum deep inside her pussy. I fucked her deep for another few strokes then I felt the familiar sensation of my orgasm building deep inside my balls. I sank deep into her, feeling her cervix against my cockhead, and started shooting rope after rope of thick white cum, deep inside this unbelievably hot girl who was sliding up and down my cock like she wasn't in a public place at all. 

As she came down from her orgasm, she slipped her legs from around my waist, and I slowly let her slip down to the floor. I pulled her close and gave her another kiss. 

"Well I guess that concludes the training for today," she murmured, as she started to move towards the pool steps. I quickly looked around to see if anyone had notice what had just happened. Everyone seemed to be busy with their own thing, except the lifeguard, who had a raging hard on, which he was stroking through his swimming trunks, while not once taking his eyes off Sandy. 

"Looks like you have another admirer," I said. 

She looked over at the guy, and blew him a quick kiss. 

" Greg, I have to be honest with you." She said, as she pulled her bikini bottoms on, and adjusted her top, so that it tried to cover her nipples again.

'Oh shit. Here it comes...' I thought.

"I'm not married, and had my brother book this for me. I wasn't sure how you felt about single girls taking classes, and I really wanted that cock in me, and this was the best way I could think of, and I really want to go out on the real dive with you." 

After assuring her that I had no problems with it, she smiled and gave me a quick peck on the mouth. 

"See you tomorrow at the boat then?" she asked.

"Sure thing sweet ass" I said, watching her as she picked up her bag, and started walking to the change rooms.

I quickly picked up my equipment, loaded it into my truck, and drove home. Later that evening, while sitting on my porch sipping on a cold beer, my cellphone rang. I answered the call and was surprised to hear Sandy's voice.

" Hey Greg, I have a favor to ask" she said. "My cousin is a certified diver. Mind if she comes along tomorrow? I told her how great you were at "instructing" me, and she would like to have a refresher course."

How could I say no?