 After dozing for a short time, I pulled my soft cock out of Donna's warm, comfy pussy. I started to get out of her bed, thinking how lucky I was to be able to tap into such a fine piece, wondering if this was a one-time deal, or was I going to be able to get a return engagement.

"Al, where you going?" Donna asked.

"I have to get home, I work in the morning." I said, turning to look at her sexy body, naked in all its glory.

"Stay, please." She said softly. "I can set the alarm."

Thinking how nice it would be to sleep with this vision of loveliness, I knew if I stayed, I'd be later for work. Sure as shit I'd be trying to get back into her pussy in the morning. She'd let me, no way it would be a quickie, I'd be late for sure. "Ahhh, no, sorry, I better get going." I leaned over, kissing her, laying on top, feeling her nipples against my chest. I almost didn't leave.

Work was not terribly exciting, and of course, at the end of the shift the requisite bad accident occurred, which kept me over 2 hours. Not that I minded the OT, or staying over, I routinely worked extra on weekends when my son was with the wicked bitch, but I was tired from my workout with Donna before, and needed to sleep.

After finishing policing the accident, I decided to call it a day, but rather than going straight home, I drove my unmarked to the other end of town, to my favorite restaurant, and had my dinner. The owner, a good friend of mine, whose sister in law I had dated several years previously, sat and talked with me. That turned into a couple hours of talk, so I was dragging when I finally got home.

I hung up my uniform and gun belt, showered, and hit the sack.

Sunday was typically slow and boring. The day dragged forever. Deciding not to work over, I went home at 5 o'clock.

I mowed the lawn, grilled a steak, and then sat down to watch the boob tube. Replaying Friday night over and over, arguing with myself whether to call Donna or not. I didn't want her to think I was ignoring her, but didn't want to seem pushy, either. 

I finally decided to call her. We spoke for maybe 10 minutes. Light chat. How's her daughter. Do anything exciting, avoiding the important "Where do we go from here" talk. I told her I'd see her in the morning, and we hung up. 

I made it into work at 7, my usual time. Rolled on a couple calls, accidents, assisted a couple of the other units, before I returned to my office. It varied on Mondays. Rest of the week, I hit the office first, got my paperwork finished, but Monday, I faced all the paperwork from over the weekend. 

I was sitting at my desk, buried in paperwork, when Donna came in. I glanced at the clock, 9:45.

"Hi" she started off, looking a bit nervous.

I looked up, smiled, and said "Hello, how're you doing?"

"Can you come over tonight?"

"Sorry, I have my son, his mother drops him off at school, he takes the bus home, and I'll meet him as he gets off the bus"

"Oh, right, I forgot. Okay, talk to you later" she said, turning to leave.

"Something the matter?" I asked.

"No.., no" she replied "I was hoping you could stop over to talk, that's all"

"Talk? About what? Anything wrong?" I figured this was it. The old "it was a mistake, it should not have happened" talk.

"Oh no," she hurriedly responded, I was just thinking, maybe we could...uh, you know...um...do some stuff"

I couldn't believe it, a divorced woman, who'd had 2 kids, and she seemed nervous about asking me to come over to her place for, I assumed, sex.

"Sorry" I said, "Could I interest you in going out for some lunch later?"

She looked up, surprised. "Sure, what time?"

"Depends on work, but maybe a few minutes before noon, to beat the rush?"

"Ok, I'll be ready"

I left the office a while later, and returned around 11:30. As I passed through the admin part of the building, Donna saw me, flashed a smile, and got up, walking over to me with her purse clutched in her hand. "Ready?" she asked.

I told her to give me a minute, and darted into my office. When I came out, she was by the door to go out. We walked to my unmarked car, I held the door for her, then hopped in a started the engine.

"Want to go to my place?" she asked.

"Okay, sure." I said, putting the car into drive and pulled out.

Arriving at her building, I parked a couple spots down from the walkway, and we both got out. 

After closing the door and locking it, Donna spun, threw her purse on the chair, and standing on her tip toes, reached up around my neck, pulling me to her, and threw a lip lock on me so fast, I barely had time to react. Burying her tongue down my throat, she rubbed up against me. 

What can I say? I popped a woody.

Reaching down, she rubbed my cock with moderate pressure, feeling the length of my cock.

"I want this."

She pulled back, took my hand, dragging me into her bed room. 

It didn't take too much persuasion.

Entering her room, she began undressing. Looking at me, she said "Come on, hurry."

I took off my gun belt, dropping it on the floor with a thud. I removed my shirt and pants, placing them on the chair neatly.

I turned, Donna was naked, and she stepped towards me and pulled down my underwear. 

She ripped back her bedding, flopped down on her back, and spread her legs slightly.

Looking up at me expectantly, she said "Hurry"

I snickered. "Easy. We have plenty of time."

I lay next to her, caressing her tits, her stomach, as I leaned in to kiss her.

She arched up to meet me, moaning quietly as she did.

I reached her pussy, it was soaking wet. 

I moved down, kissing her rock hard nipples, taking time to bite them gently, and pull on them with my lips.

She wrapped her arms around my head, pulling me hard into her as I suckled.

I kissed my way down her stomach, and after briefly playing with her navel, I reached her pussy.

It was bare! No hair. 

I looked up at her, she was looking at me through the valley formed by her perfect tits rising either side.

"I shaved it, I hope you don't mind." She looked anxious.

Mind? I love smooth shaved pussy. "Not at all, love it" I said, lowering my mouth to lick at her clit.

A loud moan, and hands pulling my fast hard into her pussy was her response.

She was so fucking wet. I lapped at her river of juices, running my tongue up and down between her lips. I moved my hands up to play with her nipples and rub her tits. 

She was breathing so hard, and humping up into my mouth. I knew it wouldn't be too long before she got off.

A few minutes into eating her, she grabbed my right hand off her left tit, and pushed it down her side toward her ass.

Releasing my hand, I moved it back up along her flank to her tit. With an exasperated exhalation, she moved it down to her ass again. 

And then under her ass. 

I wondered, "Does she want me to finger her ass hole again?"

I extended my finger, touching her tight, wet hole.

She let out a wail, and arched her pussy hard against my mouth, so hard, I was wondering if she knocked any teeth loose.

I started to push my finger into her ass hole, when I felt Donna push down with her ass into my finger. Deciding she wanted it, I thrust my middle finger all the way into her ass hole.

Donna reached down, grabbed my head so suddenly and tightly, I thought I was a dead man. I swear I saw stars as she simultaneously crushed my head between her thighs and pulled my head into her pussy. I couldn't even breathe. 

Pulling my finger out of her ass, I immediately pushed two fingers into her ass hole, all the way up. As far as they would go. This was met with a loud wail, as she began fucking my two fingers.

Since two fingers worked well, I figured, What the Fuck, and shoved three into. 

Hard. 

It was tight in there, very tight. 

But it was met with a seriously downward push by Donna, onto my fingers. This bitch was HOT! I lapped at her pussy, swallowing her juices as fast as I could. She continued humping my face. I knew if she kept this up I was a dead man. No seriously. I was sure I had teeth loose. 

I don't know if she got off on pain, or kink, but my formerly Lady like secretary was wild. I had brief doubts if I could hang onto this. I mean, she was smoking hot, way out of my league, very religious, from what she had said, but SOMETHING released her inner slut.

I worked my fingers in her ass. Ate her pussy. I was nearing the end of my stamina, and AIR!

Without warning, Donna let out a loud gasp, almost ripped the hair out of my head, tightened in a catatonic like state, shot my mouth full of pussy juice, and collapsed limp.

I rolled off her, gasping for breath. Never been on a roller coaster like that, ever.

As I lay there, I felt Donna's fingers lightly touch my hand. "Ohhh." She whispered. "That was...nice."

I glanced at the clock on her night stand, "Shit," we'd been there almost an hour. "We got to get going."

"In a minute", she responded. "Need to rest. All worn out."

After a few minutes, we started moving. Slow. It was like we'd both just finished running the Boston marathon. Tired. Dead tired.

I sat up, then helped Donna to sit up. She was a wreck. I don't mean that derogatorily, but her usually perfectly coiffured hair looked like a damp rat's nest. Her makeup, what little was left on her face was smeared. 

"We have to get going, I'll get you back."

She got out of bed, and said she'd be right back, and disappeared into the bathroom. I went to the kitchen sink, wiped myself off quickly with a damp wash cloth, and got dressed.

Donna stepped out of the bathroom, hair all back in place, makeup fixed. Damn she looked good.

We went out into the sunshine, got back in the car and I took her back to work. I was lucky, I just drove off and relaxed for a little while to recuperate. What a workout.

We were good for a few days, but on Friday morning, just after I came into the office, Donna came into my room, locking the door behind her. She started undoing buttons on her blouse. "Quick, I need you." She said quietly. 

"Now?"

"Yes. It's been way too long." She pulled up her skirt, bent over my desk, and pulled down her panties, dropping them on the floor. "Hurry. Please"

Shaking my head, I checked to make sure the door was locked. I took off my gun belt, placing it on the chair. I dropped my pants, and lined my hardening cock with the seam of her pussy, as she bent over in front of me.

Running the heads of my cock up and down her pussy lips, I detected significant moisture all ready. Damn, she was wet.

I lined up, and pushed.

After a millisecond of resistance, I pushed all the way in, balls deep.

"Aaaaahhhhhh." She whispered. "I need this so much."

Reaching around to fondle her breasts, I began to twist her nipples gently while I began thrusting in and out of her slippery cunt.

I moved slowly, enjoying the unexpected sex. Moving my left hand to her hip, I began thrusting harder. The warm, wet, sleeve of her pussy held my cock like a tight glove. 

Donna began gasping and thrusting her ass back against me. 

Grabbing both her hips, I began pounding her with some urgency. 

"Sssooon." She said. "Coming...NOW"

I hit her hard, pounding her pussy, beginning to cum in her pussy, flooding her cunt with my creamy cum.

I felt wetness, she had squirted as she orgasmed. 

She began to collapse. 

I held her up.

We straightened up.

"Thanks "she said, turning to kiss me. "I needed that so much."

Fortunately, the ladies room was right across from my office. Donna quickly put herself together, darted across the hall into the ladies room. 

I sat down.