 Hello all. Thanks for the kind words last time. Here's another one, inspired by a previous true-life situation. I hope you enjoy. Until next time...

*****

You were such a gentleman tonight, and so handsome...I'm just going to say it: I wish you'd sat in the backseat with me as we drove back. If you had, I would have kissed you.

Do I dare press SEND?

I waited on pins and needles all day yesterday, wondering if you'd respond to my email from late the night before. What you'd say. I'd never confessed anything like this, never given you reason to think I thought you were hot. But we had such a fun time that night, the four of us. Just a night out with friends, we'd thought. And it was. But you...you were very sexy that night. I know I said "handsome" in the email, but let's be honest: you were hot. I absolutely would have kissed you in the car if you hadn't taken the front seat, leaving me in the back with Mel. I know you wanted to chat with Gary, so I understood it. And I wondered if, deep down, you sensed that I wanted to kiss you. You might have been nervous...I know I was.

Or you might not be interested in me at all. In which case I've seriously embarrassed myself by sending that email. But I hoped...I hoped you'd respond. Of course, as they day continued and I didn't hear from you, I felt more and more embarrassed. How could I have been so stupid? What was I thinking? Why had I sent that email?

Then, finally, late in the evening, you responded. It was a simple reply:

Why don't you come over so we can discuss this face to face? Tomorrow at 7?

I'd wanted to call you right away. But I didn't want to seem too eager. So I swallowed, pushing my heart (which was in my throat) back where it belonged. I emailed my agreement and made plans to see you.

I won't lie—I stressed about what to wear tonight. How to appear eager to get close to you, but not come off as wantonly slutty (unless that was something you'd be into?). I finally settled on a nice black dress, fashionable and alluring. Not too long, not too short, loose and with an open back. Some cleavage, but not too much. I also wore a lacy black thong and my favorite heels. Some artfully applied perfume and makeup made me feel powerful and sexy—hopefully enough to give me the courage to follow up in person on what my email suggested.

I know I've made the right sartorial choices when I see your killer smile as you open the door. You invite me in. You're dressed casually but nicely—dark jeans and a dark polo shirt. It looks really good on you. I step into your apartment and you close the door behind me. I'd been to your place once before—the four of us got together a few weeks ago for an evening of cards. Poker. You'd given us all a quick tour, so I knew where everything was. Your front room. Your kitchen. The bathroom. Your bedroom...

You ask if I want a drink. I gladly accept. Some liquid courage may help me get out what I want to get out. You pour us each a glass of white wine and we sit on your bed. I'm terribly nervous. I think you might be, too...

We make small talk for a few minutes. But it's obvious we're just dancing around what we really want to talk about.

You cough lightly. Take a sip of your wine. "So," you start. "About your email..."

I want to say, Forget it. I want to say, I was a little drunk after our night out, I wasn't thinking right, it was a silly impulsive thing to say, don't think about it. I want to say, Kiss me. I want to laugh, pass it off as a joke. I want to hide my face in my hands and cry in embarrassment. I want to grab you by the front of your shirt and make out with you like a horny teenager. Instead I take a sip of my wine.

You take another drink and set your glass down, looking me in the eyes. Your eyes are so pretty. Dark blue. Your lips twitch into a nervous smile. I'm breathless, waiting for you to say something. My heart is beating so loudly I'm amazed you can't hear it. The moment stretches into eternity.

You continue. "I'm sorry it took me so long to reply. I spent most of the day trying to write something. But everything I came up with sounded trite and silly. I...I guess I was just surprised. I had no idea you felt that way." You look away. Are you trying to let me down gently? My heart beats faster.

You take another drink, practically empty your wineglass. You glance up at my eyes again, look quickly away. "Did..." Your eyes flick up and down again. "Did you mean it?" After a split second, you slowly raise your eyes to mine again. I see nervousness, fear...desire, hope. My heart soars in my chest. I give a small smile. In answer, I drain my own wineglass, then lean in, close my eyes, and press my lips softly against yours.

It only lasts a second, then I pull away. I open my eyes again and look at you. Your eyes are still closed, your lips slightly pursed. I chew my lower lip and swallow nervously. 

You slowly open your eyes and look at me. "That...that was nice," you say with a small smile of your own. You laugh gently, nervously. The sound makes me give a soft giggle. I ask if you want to do it again.

In answer, you reach forward and take my chin between your thumb and forefinger. You pull my face towards yours again, and I close my eyes and surrender to your lips. This kiss is deeper, more sensual. I slowly bring my arms up around your shoulders as you slide your hand to cup my cheek. I feel my nipples harden and a growing warmth between my legs. I twist my body to fall back onto your couch, pulling you on top of me. It's a little awkward because of how we were sitting, but we fumble and adjust until your body is pressing mine down into your couch cushions. My hands roam over your back as our tongues slide together and I feel one of your hands slide down my body from my face, pausing briefly to squeeze my tit. I moan softly and arch my back, pressing my breast into your palm. Your hand slides down further to my waist, then reaches around to my ass. My dress has been hiked up during our shuffle and I feel your fingers caress my backside lightly. It tickles a bit, and I giggle into your mouth. You pull away and I feel you smile against my lips.

I arch my neck gently. You take the hint, and instead of kissing my lips again you slide your mouth down my neck, kissing and nibbling gently, sending shivers down my spine. I wrap one leg around your waist as my hands caress your back and neck. I moan again, pressing my body against yours. I want to feel every inch of you. I push gently down on your shoulders, and you take the hint, inching down my body and kissing my chest. My tits are aching for your touch, but the way we're lying on the couch makes freeing them from my dress impossible. So I have to satisfy myself with feeling your mouth on the tops of my breasts, your tongue sliding into my cleavage.

Then you surprise me. You push yourself to the floor in front of me and start kissing the inside of one of my legs, just above the knee. You caress my other leg in the same spot with one of your hands. I gasp and open my eyes, looking down at you. You look up at me as you kiss and lick my leg. Your eyes ask a question, and in response I lie back, opening my legs farther and caressing my breasts through my dress.

I feel your mouth make its way up my leg, trailing kisses along my inner thigh. I'm going wild waiting for you to get to my pussy. I'm sure you can smell my arousal and I can't wait to feel your tongue inside me. I feel your lips moving higher and higher up my thigh, then I feel your tongue rasp against my panties along my pussy lips. The friction of the lace of my thong against my pussy is both fulfilling and frustrating—fulfilling because it feels amazingly hot, frustrating because I want to feel your tongue fucking me with no barrier in the way. I let out a sound—a combination mewl of pleasure and grunt of frustration. I feel you huff a short breath of laughter against my panties as your tongue continues to tease me. 

After a few moments of this delicious torture, you pull away. I cry out in frustration and open my eyes to see you standing over me, your hand out. I take your hand and you pull me upright and into another deep, passionate kiss. My knees buckle as my arms encircle your neck and I press against you, feeling your hardness in your pants as your hands reach around to cup my ass. After a fiery moment you pull away, then take my hand and lead me slowly to your bedroom. Breathing quickly, I follow.

Once in your bedroom, you pull me into your arms again for another blazing kiss. After a moment I break the kiss and step back slightly, reaching behind me to unzip my dress. It falls to the floor, and I stand before you in nothing but my black panties, which are soaked, and my fuck-me heels. My nipples are erect and aching to be touched and licked. In response you quickly pull your shirt over your head, revealing your well-muscled torso. You undo your belt and pants, and push your pants and boxers down to the floor. I look down at your cock and draw in a breath. You're clean shaven, long and thick and hard, and I can see precum glistening at the tip. I kneel down in front of you and take you in my hand. I feel your cock twitch as I breathe on it gently. Looking up at you, I slowly lick from the base to the tip, swirling my tongue around and lapping up the precum, which I swallow quickly. You pull me up by my shoulders and give me another smoldering kiss, pushing my panties over the curve of my ass so they fall to the floor. Then you lay down on your bed, pulling me on top of you and turning me around so we can orally pleasure each other.

As I take your cock into my mouth, I feel your tongue lap along my pussy lips. I breathe in deeply at the sensation; and as your tongue penetrates me I moan softly onto your cock. I feel your cock twitch in my mouth as I suck, playing with your balls with one hand and sliding the other up and down your shaft in time with my lips. I bob my head up and down on your manhood, trying not to lose focus as your tongue slides in and out of my dripping cunt. I hear and feel the vibrations of your moan as you taste my juices. God this is so hot. I'm close to cumming...I hope you'll let me cum on your tongue...I can feel my orgasm building...then I feel you slide one finger around my pussy, coating it with my juices. The next thing I feel is you running that finger around my asshole, not quite penetrating but applying pressure. That's enough to send me over the edge. I moan loudly around your cock as my pussy shakes and spasms in orgasm. I hear you chuckle as you lay your head back.

God I want you to fuck me! I lay still for a moment, your hard cock still in my mouth, feeling my body come down from orgasm. Then I sit up, letting your cock fall out of my mouth as I spin around to look you in the eyes. In my deepest, sexiest voice, I say, Get behind me and fuck me now!

You grin as you sit up, reach into your nightstand, and grab a condom. You unwrap it and slide it over your dick. I kick off my shoes, get on my hands and knees on the bed, and present my ass to you. You stand on the floor behind me and line your cock up against my pussy. I feel you slide the tip along my lips a few times, teasing me. I give a frustrated growl and push my ass back towards you. You take the hint and, in a smooth motion, push your cock deep inside my pussy. We groan in unison as I feel the front of your thighs press up against the backs of mine, your thick cock filling my pussy, stretching me deliciously.

I arch my back, pressing my tits down onto the mattress as you grab my hips and begin sliding in and out of my wet pussy, fucking me. I moan with every thrust, feeling my hard nipples slide against the fabric of the bed sheet as you drive your cock into me. My eyes are squeezed shut; I'm lost in the sensations. You start thrusting faster and harder. I feel you prop one foot on the mattress to get more leverage. You grab my hair and pull back slightly. I hiss in pleasure and arch my back, throwing my head back, encouraging you to pull harder. I feel so wanton like this, like I'm your fucktoy. It turns me on. I reach down between my legs with one hand and tease my clit, then extend a bit further so I can caress your balls. You groan at my touch and fuck me harder and harder.

I moan for you to smack my ass. You do, and the sharp sting makes me cry out in pleasure. Do it again! You smack my other cheek. My body is aflame with desire for you. I stop caressing your balls and bring my hand forward again. Both my hands are gripping your sheets, my tits pressed into your bed as you fuck me from behind. I'm so close...so close to cumming again. Your breathing is getting ragged—you're getting close, too. I want to make you cum. I want to feel your cock explode inside me. I squeeze my pussy walls as tight as I can around your cock, and that's enough to send you over the edge. With a loud grunt you thrust a final time into me, and I feel your cock quiver and twitch inside me as you let loose your load. Hearing you sparks my own climax and my pussy quivers around you as my orgasm overtakes me. I scream and thrash around on the bed, riding the wave.

We remain like that for a moment, me sprawled out on the mattress, you standing behind me, still buried inside me. Both of us breathing heavily. Eventually you move, slowly withdrawing your cock from its sheath. I hear you walk away for a second, to the bathroom I assume, then return. I roll over onto my back, legs still spread, and look up at you, standing there, naked and gorgeous. Your cock is still hard, like you may already be ready for round two.

I'm glad I sent that email.