 We are sitting across from each other at a table in the library. We've been working for a few hours on a college paper we have to write. It's hot and my shoes are hurting my feet so I take them off. I glance over at you. You're hard at work, writing quickly. You look so hot with your blond spiky hair, and your black shirt showing off just enough muscle to turn me on. Just looking at you makes me wet. You look up at me smile. your big sexy eyes shining. That's it, I want you.

I slide my foot up onto the chair, and place it between your legs. You look at me and raise one eyebrow, I smile at you, and begin to move my foot against the inside of your thigh, slowly moving closer to your cock, which is beginning to get hard. You moan as my foot begins to massage your cock through your pants. I move my foot slowly along the length of your hard cock. My pussy gets wetter as I feel how stiff and hard you've gotten so quickly. I remove my foot, and go over to the chair next to you and sit down. I quickly undo your belt, unzip your pants and slide my hand inside. You gasp slightly at the feeling of my hand on your skin. I rub your cock slowly, massaging the head then running my hand up and down the length. You reach over and pull my chair closer to you. You slide your hand up my almost-too-short skirt and begin to rub my pussy through my black thong. I moan and push my pussy against your hand, it feels so good. you look around making sure no one is around and you lean over and kiss me. You pull away and look at me, My face is flushed with pleasure.

"Let's go home" you whisper smiling. We quickly gather our things, you re-zipper your pants, and I straighten my skirt. We rush quickly out to your truck. You pull out of the library parking lot and head towards our apartment. while you're driving, I reach over and unzip your zipper (again). You look over at me and smile. I pull out your still semi-hard cock and lean down. I swirl my tongue around the head then lick down to the base and back to the tip. Then I quickly take in as much of your cock as I can. I suck your cock in a rhythmic pattern, up down up down, almost like we're fucking. Suddenly you lose control of the car and it begins to swerve. I decide to wait until we're home to continue.

5 minutes later we pull into the driveway. We go up the stairs and into the apartment. You drop our stuff on the floor and push me against the wall. You pin me to it with your body, placing one of your legs strategically between mine, and slide your tongue past my lips. We kiss hungrily for a few moments and then you begin to paw at my tits. Roughly rubbing them through my shirt. I run my hands down your back and rest them on your ass. I pull you closer than you already are, and grind myself against your cock, which is beginning to increase in size. You kiss your way down my neck, and run your tongue along my slightly exposed cleavage, and then back up my neck. You kiss my ear and whisper "Let's move into the bedroom" I nod quickly, and you pick me up. I wrap my legs around you, and we continue to kiss as you carry me into the bedroom. You lay me down on the bed and climb on top of me. You continue kissing me and rubbing my tits with one hand as the other hand reaches under my skirt and begins to massage my inner thigh, getting closer and closer to my pussy, but not actually touching it. I start to whimper, I want to feel your fingers in my pussy so badly.

"What Baby?" You Whisper grinning

"Please?" I whimper

"Please what Baby?"

I take your hand, and slide one of your fingers into my dripping wet pussy

"Do that" I whisper

I moan as you begin to slide your fingers in and out of my wet pussy, It feels soo good. You move your fingers faster, and I begin to thrust my hips to meet your fingers. I start moaning louder and louder as my orgasm approaches. I dig my nails into your back and let out a loud scream-like noise as my hips shoot up into the air and my whole body freezes. I collapse back down on the bed, breathing heavily in the aftermath of my orgasm. You lie next to me slowly running your hand up and down my arm as I catch my breath. We begin kissing again and I break the kiss long enough to help you out of your shirt. Then I get on top of you and begin kissing and licking my way down your muscular chest and stomach. I slowly undo your belt, and slide my tongue along the waistline of your pants. Then I unzip your pants and you slide them off. Your amazing 7 inch cock is hard, and waiting for me. I smile and rub it for a second before hungrily taking it into my mouth. I wrap my lips around your cock and slowly slide up and down your cock, swirling my tongue around the tip. I continue sucking your cock and I look up at you, and you're looking at me, you look so sexy. I reluctantly remove my mouth from your cock and start kissing my way back up your stomach and chest. I reach your lips and we start to kiss again. After A few moments, I then break the kiss and look into your eyes.

"What do you want baby?" I Whisper sexily "I'll give you anything you want"

"Anything?" you ask

I nod, and you think for a second. Then you smile.

"I want you to turn around and suck my cock while I finger your pussy."

I am more than happy to fulfill that request, so I quickly turn around and begin my work on your cock again. It's hard to concentrate on what I'm doing, when your fingers feel so incredible sliding in and out of my wet pussy, and massaging my sensitive clit. I start moving my hips up and down in time with the motion of your fingers. I start sucking on your cock faster and faster, as I feel my orgasm approaching. I start moaning, with your cock still in my mouth, never missing a beat Then suddenly my whole body freezes, and I shudder as the waves of orgasm hit me. I collapse, breathing heavily. Slowly I make my way up to you and softly kiss your lips. I love the feeling of your lips against mine.

"Well baby," you whisper "It's your turn, what do you want?"

I grin deviously.

"I want to tease you" I whisper back

I climb on top of you, my soaking wet pussy hovering inches above your cock. I take your cock in my hand and slowly rub the head along my pussy, getting your cock all wet, but never letting you enter my wet pussy. Then, I slowly slide the head of your cock into my pussy and pull it back out again, again and again, I let just the head of your cock into my pussy. I watch the look on your face, and I can tell that you want more. Slowly I slide a little more of your long hard cock into my dripping wet pussy. I smile deviously again and quickly slide all 7 inches of your cock into me. Then I quickly move off of you, and smile again.

"Bitch" You whisper

"Aww, baby, that's not very nice" I say smiling.

I quickly get back on top of you and slide myself down onto your cock once again, this time I let you all the way in. I move slowly up and down on your cock, moaning softly. You feel so incredible deep inside my pussy. I start moving faster, and moaning louder and you raise your hips to meet mine. Each time your cock is completely inside of me I let out a scream, you feel sooo good. Then suddenly I begin moving faster and faster, screaming loudly

"Oh Baby, I'm gonna cum" I manage to gasp

"Come on baby cum for me" you whisper.

My body freezes and I let out a long loud moan. I collapse on top of you, breathing heavily. After I catch my breath, I kiss you on the lips,

"You always make me cum so hard baby" I whisper

Without missing a beat or removing your cock from my pussy, you grab me and roll over on top of me. You grab my hands and hold them above my head.

"It's only just beginning baby" you say sexily "And right now I think you need to be punished for teasing me.

You start pounding your cock quickly in and out of me and I raise my hips to meet yours, it feels so incredible, and I can already feel another orgasm approaching, and then, you pull almost all the way out of me and stop. I whimper, Wanting to feel you deep inside of me again. You're still holding my arms down, So all I can do is raise my hips and try to get your cock back inside me.

"now now baby, no cheating" you whisper in my ear.

Then slowly so I can feel every inch of that huge cock you slide into my pussy, then slowly all the way out again, then I moan loudly as you slowly slide all the way in again. You let go of my hands, and I wrap my arms around you as you start to pound into my pussy. I start kissing and biting at your neck, in between moans and screams.

"Baby, your cock feels so incredible deep inside my soaking wet pussy" I moan into your ear. 

"Oh baby, I love hearing you moan in my ear as I slide my cock into your pussy" you whisper back. Then you start moving in and out of me faster than before. My moans turn into screams and I dig my nails into your shoulder as I thrust my hips up faster and faster to meet yours. I wrap my legs around you, and use my heels to push you further into me. I start screaming your name and then suddenly, my hips shoot up, my body freezes as my fourth orgasm tears through me, and then I go limp. You slowly slide in and out of my pussy, as you kiss my neck, waiting for me to catch my breath. You look at me and I smile at you and kiss you on the lips.

"It's your turn baby" I say sexily. "I'm gonna get on my hands and knees, and I want you to fuck me as hard as you can from behind until you cum deep into my pussy"

You move off of me so that I can turn over, and I get on my hands and knees. I grab your cock and slide it into my pussy. Right away you start pounding into me as hard as possible, I burry my face in a pillow to muffle my loud screams as your cock goes deeper and deeper into my pussy, harder and harder. I scream as my fifth orgasm rips through me, and I barely have time to recover before you cum deep into my pussy. We both continue moving back and forth as we both catch our breath. You slide out of me and I roll over. You lay down next to me, and I turn to face you. You kiss me softly on the lips, I smile as you pull away. You just look at me for a minute.

"What?" I ask

"You look so beautiful Baby."

I Smile and I kiss you. 

"I Love You Baby"