 Sara was feeling great. Despite not giving herself a break in ages, the weeks were burning by. She finally felt like her own independent person; she had a professional job and the decrease in partying that came with it. But tonight she deserved to celebrate. Three months in and already her boss had guaranteed her a full-time position. Which is why she dressed in the sexiest mini-skirt headed to a house party of people she barely knew.

Sara invited herself in to a living room of house music, laughter, and the smell of booze. She searched for a familiar face.

"Hi, I'm Luke. Welcome to my place!" Luke looked slightly older than Sara, and was lean but not muscular. He was dressed pretty casually, and a fancy camera hung from his shoulder.

"Thanks, this is really great. I'm Sara, sorry, Melissa said I should come by I hope it's cool."

"Definitely, you know, as long as you play by the house rules."

Sara cracked a grin. He was friendly and it felt great. She wanted to flirt. "And what are those?" she asked.

"Always have a drink. There's plenty in the kitchen."

"Oh. I can do that." She was hoping the rules were more interesting, but no reason to turn down a drink.

"And never say no to the camera."

"Oh. Well that sounds fair, too. As long as you share the flattering ones!" Unconsciously, Sara poured a little extra into her drink in response to the new rule.

"Have fun, and there'll be plenty of those." Luke replied. He tipped his glass to her and she winked. "That's not a rule, just modeling advice" Luke added quickly, but then fumbled on trying to patch up the statement.

"Not that you need it. I mean, well whatever. Cheers." 

"Cheers," she said. He wasn't sure if he was flirting, until she gave him a rewarding, intentional smile before walking away.

Sara was buzzed by the time Melissa showed. "Hey! Fancy seeing you here."

Melissa walked to the back to help herself to a drink, and Sara wasted no time.

"Who's the cute host? I need to celebrate tonight," she said biting the rim of her cup.

Melissa thought for a minute about her reply.

"Well, I'm sure you got Luke's name. He's a photographer, but unfortunately his girlfriend is the tall brunette in the living room, Emily."

Sara should've known it might be trouble when she didn't feel a sense of discouragement, but a sense of challenge. After all, in the professional world, you need to work for what you want. Sara decided she'd slow down on the drinks, and hopefully she'd get to know Luke a little better.

Luke on the other hand was as liberal with his drinking as he was socializing. He moved from group to group refreshing drinks in between until they dwindled down. After a couple hours, the handful that still remained consolidated in the living room and began talking about photography. A couple said their goodbyes. Sara found herself intrigued by not just Luke, but Emily. She was relatively quiet, and fiddling with a camera herself.

"I helped her pick that one out. She's got a natural eye for composition," Luke said to the top of Emily's head. Sara found herself interested enough in the camera to keep asking about it. Soon, two more wandered up the stairs to pass out on a couch, and it was just Emily, Luke and Sara. 

Sara joined Luke on a couch to ask him a specific question about his camera. He was glad to show her how fast his lens was. Emily snapped pictures casually of a variety of objects, occasionally coming back to Luke to snap a candid. She played with a setting or two while Luke continued mansplaining. Sara relaxed and slouched toward the middle, her arm next to Luke's thigh.

"I feel like someday I'll regret not having done pictures while I'm still young."

"That's exactly why a lot of women get their picture taken at our age. They want to remember when they felt sexy."

"I can't argue with that," Sara said with a grin. "Can you help me preserve my youth?"

"Probably not on a couch," Luke said.

Emily put her camera down, and looked up to see Sara's hand touching Luke's thigh.

"Emily, can you get the studio lights? I'm going to get Sara set up." Before Emily had left the room, Luke's hand was at the bottom of Sara's back moving lower. He guided her into the bedroom.

Sara threw herself back on the bed with a surprised laugh. Her skirt rode up dangerously high, and Luke didn't hide his glance. Sara caught his eye as her hands went over her head, instead of down to adjust her skirt.

"Make me look sexy," she crooned.

Luke took three pictures, moving to a lower vantage point each time. "I can do that." Click. He put one hand on her knee and pushed it aside slowly. "But the key is for you to feel sexy."

Sara's other knee spread open as if a hand were on it too. "God I'm burning up. I couldn't feel any sexier. You better get this on film."

"Good, I don't know if we could get any sexier than this. Hold that pose."

Click. Luke moved around the bed and leaned over her, shooting straight down. As she stared up at him he reached down and put a finger on her lips to part them.

"These better be the sexiest pictures you've ever taken," she demanded. She reached behind Luke's knee and pulled him over her a little more.

Click. Click.

"Well, Emily has already set that bar pretty high. I've done some hot and sweaty sessions."

Sara traced the back of Luke's knee as she thought. She suddenly felt a second wind come on, adrenaline overpowering the liquor for a moment and her senses returned to her. Sara retracted her hand to her stomach, looked down at it and said, "Challenge accepted."

Click. 

Sara undid the next button on her blouse. She looked up innocently.

Click.

Her right areola peeked out slightly yet she unbuttoned another, never breaking eye-contact. "Make me hot and sweaty."

Luke's pants grew painfully tight, and he became painfully aware of how quickly and how far things had gone. Emily knocked at the door. "Babe, I've got all the lights out."

His dick was so hard it hurt. Sara closed her eyes and let Luke make his decision, as she undid the next button. She took in a deep breath to ensure that her breasts would burst out, and Luke didn't miss the opportunity to capture the tension in the fabric as they did.

"Set them up out there facing the couch. We'll be out in a minute." Click.

From the door Emily could hear Sara's low sultry voice. She was undeniably feeling sexy. Bursts of clicks would come only between what felt like hours of shuffling, and occasionally, the sound of Sara's heavy breathing. Emily wasn't stupid. Luke was enjoying this, yet the only sounds she knew were coming from him were the sounds of the camera.

Suddenly Emily heard a blatantly sexual moan. It only happened once, and somehow Emily was relieved to hear it was followed by another click. Still, her heart leaped into her throat. This was going too far, and Luke was okay with it. Helplessly, Emily turned against the wall and leaned back, her hands squeezed between her thighs as she tried to regain her breath. She noticed two things: from this angle she could hear a steady, slow moaning, and her pussy was utterly soaking. Emily's beating chest turned to a surge of lust, and her pussy began to throb heavily. 

The sound of a belt being undone through the wall was all Emily needed. Furiously she pulled her pants open and covered her fingers in her own juice struggling to satisfy the urge that overcame her. Two fingers slipped easily in and out, and she pressed her thick grool into her clit. Her jealousy had combusted into an unquenchable lust. Instantly she had a sharp, deep need: For Luke to fuck Sara wantonly. As Emily built up a rhythm that matched Sara's moans, she heard Luke speak clearly for the first time. 

"I guess I need a better idea of how fucking slutty you can be."

Inside the room however, things hadn't combusted yet. Sara now lay on the bed lengthwise, tits out, skirt hiked up but still on and barely covering. Her hands were above her head, belted to the bedpost. She stared piercingly into the camera hoping Luke would throw it aside and spread her legs like he started to earlier. Even restrained against the bedpost, Sara seemed seductively in control. Precum formed on Luke's pants stretched over his painful hard-on.

Luke wouldn't put the camera down. As long as he was getting good pictures, it was about the photography. His belt was off, and it was clear Sara was going to cum before this shoot was over, but he wasn't sure if it required her swallowing his. The room was far past stuffy, and still fully clothed, Luke was sweating visibly.

At first, it appeared Sara was, too. She rolled her pelvis back and her skirt slid back to reveal not just wet, but soaked panties.

"Take them off." Sara suggested. "I don't think wet panties make for the sexiest pictures."

"Well, I don't completely agree" -CLICK CLICK- "but I do agree we can only have so many pictures of wet panties before the sexiness wears off."

Luke set the camera down. There was a lot of liberty he could take without breaking the tension, and he was going to take them all. He slid his thumbs up her thighs and underneath the panties. Her chest rose. Luke paused for a moment to assess the situation. Her pussy was only a foot from his nose, and Luke took in a slow breath. As he pulled her underwear down, Sara moaned and rolled her hips forward.

"We gotta pick this up. If I'm being honest, I'm getting pretty fucking horny, and as it is, I'm not sure I can hold back." Sara was losing a little patience. She was pretty confident she could make Luke cum. She was less sure if she'd get the chance to. Just to show her up, Luke put her panties to his face and sucked on the wet pussy stain. He balled up the panties and fed them to Sara.

"How's that?" Suddenly he felt more in control. He could get pictures hot enough to call it a night. Maybe he wouldn't fuck her after all. But then something happened. Sara loved it.

Her hips moved rhythmically as Luke snapped pictures again. She moaned a little louder. Her pussy started leaking a heavy, white, delicious cream. Luke was right there capturing her perked tits slightly out of focus as a thick drop formed at the base of her lips. He breathed in the delicious smell of victory as more continued to come out, until a drop formed at the base of her lips with no sign of stopping. She couldn't make a mess on this comforter! Luke tried to balance his hard cock's feelings with his head's.

"God these are hot pictures. I love that pussy juice. I'm going to undo your hands so you can wipe it aside. I want you to lick it up. Those will be amazing pictures." But Sara saw Luke's eyes linger way too long. She saw his parted lips, and had a much better idea. Luke undid the belt just as the first of her cream touched his comforter. She let the panties fall from her mouth.

"Lap it up, baby!" he said.

But Sara didn't move her hands. "Uh oh, my juice might get all over the bed," she crooned. "If you're the one worried, I think you should lap it up. Baby." Luke noticed how incredibly hard her nipples were. He wanted to bite them. He was angry, or frustrated, or horny. He'd tie her up for hours for seducing him. He'd spend days just to elaborately tease her and regain the upper position. But right now, she was right. He needed to clean her up.

Sara watched as his hands slid up her thigh, and it made her wetter. Just as his hands met her pussy she pushed her hips into him, and his fingers mashed into her lips, now surging, swollen, with desire. With two fingers Luke scooped deeply, and covered his fingers with her juice.

"No. I said you lap it up." And Luke calmly but assertively pressed his fingers toward her lips. She locked eyes with him. Her lips parted, and leaning over her he inserted his fingers. She sucked them in gently, deeply. Finally she let go of the bed frame to press his hand gently, further into her mouth. While he was still leaning over her, she wrapped her legs around him and pulled him in. She released his fingers, but he didn't retract, feeling her hot breath on them. His chest was pounding. Her chest was pounding back on his. He wanted to feel her naked chest on his. He wanted to fuck her so goddamn deeply, and she was going to make him. He wasn't going to let her. He was going to take it, and take it too far. It was the only way.

"You're fucking with me, aren't you? I don't think you want me to take your picture. I think you'd like me to punish you."

"No, I'd really prefer to -" but Luke forced her legs off him. While she was still slightly shocked, he flipped her over and spread her legs. Drunk, tired and horny, Sara just hoped that at least 20% of what would come next involved his cock inside her. She got more than she bargained for.

Luke put the same two fingers back inside her, but this time he fucked her with them. There was no going back. She was going to have a fucking wild night with the photographer while his girlfriend waited outside. Something about that made her fill deeply with lust, and she let it out in a long moan. She pushed back against his fingers. "Give me something bigger, photographer."

Luke grabbed her by the shoulders and spun her back around. She looked wildly at him. He unbuttoned his pants and ripped them off. She pulled her top over her head. Luke got her bra. He wouldn't kiss her. That was the line. He would use her every other way. She wasn't going to cum, and she'd get him to cum twice. That's how Sara decided she'd win. Sara fished out Luke's cock and gripped it passionately. She pressed it against her face, and buried it in her wet mouth. Luke grabbed the back of her head, but she was a step ahead of him and pulled his ass toward her face so she could gag on his cock.

"That's it, Sara. We'll take pictures of your cum covered face."

Sara whimpered and pulled him in deeper. The sound of Luke thrusting, Sara gagging and slurping and coughing filled the air. After what felt like forever, she pulled off his cock and looked Luke in the eyes.

"I think you might want to stop my pussy from ruining your sheets again."

Luke didn't hesitate, and dove underneath her, sucking the thick cream at the source. He paused for a second. "That doesn't mean you're done sucking."

"Yes, photographer." They continued sixty-nining into a steady gyrating rhythm, until Luke could hold out no more. He threw Sara off him and she giggled. Finally! She was going to get fucked.

"How do you want me, photographer?"

Luke looked passionately into her eyes. "Silent."

He lifted her ankles onto his shoulders, and placed the head of his cock in her outer pussy lips.

"Tie me up?" she asked. She hoped this would inspire him to fuck her harder, or check for her consent less.

Luke was happy to oblige. The belt hanging from the bedpost still, he sinched it around her ready hands. And he fucked her just as she hoped, exactly as he wanted to. Within seconds he had the rhythm and leverage in place to slap against her and shake the bed. He fucked her so loud he didn't hear the bedroom door creak slightly open. He was so fixated on burying his cock as deep as he could, he didn't notice Emily looking through the door. Sara did, and it made her more wet, and it made her scream with pleasure.

"Fuck me like you want it, Luke! Fuck me like you don't regret it."

"I'll fuck you how I want," Luke replied with a grin and grunt.

"I don't believe you. I think you need to prove it. Cum inside my pussy."

"Now you're starting to sound like an experienced model."

Luke bent her legs against her chest, leaned over her and drilled straight down into her pussy. The desire, her aggressive sexuality, and the immorality of it all built up into something massive deep within him. He wanted her to feel him explode, and he wanted to be as deep as possible inside her.

"Gimme your sticky cum!" she begged, and he thrust with all his weight into her. His cock erupted deep inside her, convulsing. Helpless under his weight, and the feeling of knowing that was probably the wildest, best sex she would have for months, Sara combusted with lust toward her own orgasm. She grunted and clenched her teeth, and a look of sheer determination filled her. She didn't want to cum. She wanted to rob him of it, but for all Luke knew, he was giving her more than she could ask for. He'd move on in the morning.

Luke was too busy recovering, still collapsed on her, and thinking about whether he should clean up the mess and forgive himself tonight or tomorrow. It was just a wild party that got a little out of hand. No one was hurt, and Emily would forgive him. Everyone just got a bit drunk, and of course Luke never turned down a photo opportunity. Who could blame him? He lifted himself off Sara and that's when he noticed. Her breathing was controlled and slowing. She hadn't cum yet.

Which meant he wasn't done. She didn't just get him to give in without giving in herself.

"Oh, I see," Luke chided, "You haven't been fucked hard enough yet."

"Maybe," she said, happy that he was catching on.

"Well why don't we start with you sucking me hard again?" and Luke started climbing over her.

"I like that idea, but I'm pretty tired. Just make sure you get me back in the morning."

Luke was frustrated and strangely turned on. That sexy bitch.

"Ok, you can turn me down if you want," Luke said, and turned her on her side, and rubbed his stiffening cock up and down her back.

"Don't worry, I don't think I can do that," she said sleepily. "Your cock is always welcome." Out of habit, Luke registered that as one of the many things he had to prove her wrong about. Yet it made him rock hard.

She turned over her shoulder and caught his eye, and then looked past him at Emily.

"I hope you're okay with that."

Luke said nothing, and slid his cock between her ass cheeks. He found her soaking pussy slit and made himself welcome. Luke took his time building up momentum, and Sara moaned, but didn't push back. She was half asleep with his cock in her. Slowly Luke realized how late it was. How long they had been shooting for. How hard he had fucked her. How good it felt having Sara's tight wet pussy on his cock while he fell asleep. She fell asleep too.

Luke awoke with a start, unaware how long he had been out, to the sound of someone coming through the door.

Emily didn't exactly have a script for how to handle this situation, but she was fucking drained, and definitely didn't want to talk about anything. So she simply climbed in bed behind Luke.

Luke was fully awake now. He turned to kiss Emily and she let him. Without question, Luke started getting hard again. He knew this time his cock would get painfully hard, and he wasn't going to waste it. The burning question filled him with an unquenchable lust: Which girl was he going to fuck?