 Jenny had come by after work.  I was in the kitchen making dinner.  Being the amateur chef I was at the time, dinner was going to be very, very late.  I had to let it simmer for at least another hour.  To pass the time, we rolled up a joint and quickly smoked it.

“Well, I’m gonna hop in the shower if dinner’s going to be a while,” she said.

Jenny got up and walked to the bathroom, peeling off her clothes as she made her way across the apartment.  She tossed her clothes on the chair in the bedroom.  I could hear her start the water in the shower.  I peeked over my shoulder and saw she had left the door to the bathroom wide open.  I watched her climb into the tub and pull the shower curtain shut.  

I made my own way to the bathroom.  I pulled back the shower curtain a bit and watched her soaping up her body.  I cleared my throat to get her attention.  She looked back at me and smiled that devilish grin of hers.

“Would you like some help?” I offered.

“I was wondering how long it would take you,” she replied.

I quickly took off my clothes, tossing them to the floor.  I climbed in the tub behind her, pressing my chest against her back.   Jenny handed me the soap so I could lather up my hands.  Stretching her arms behind her, Jenny began rubbing my sides, her own hands slippery from the soap.  My own hands lathered up I reached forward and put the soap back in the shower rack.  Jenny slid her hands between our bodies and reached for my cock, which was already incredibly hard.  My hands cupped her breasts, massaging them, her soft flesh becoming slippery from the soap.  My fingers played with her hardening nipples.  

Jenny tossed her head back, resting it on my shoulder, and moaned softly.  The tip of my tongue traced her earlobe.  As my hands kneaded her breasts, Jenny’s hands were busy stroking my hard shaft.  

“Mmmmmmm...You’re so hard,” Jenny said in a lusty moan, squeezing and releasing the head of my cock in rhythm with her words.

Jenny brought her hand to mine and guided them over her body, slowly bring them lower and lower.  She pressed her body back tightly against mine.  My hard cock, slippery from the soap, rubbed between her ass.  Her back arched as my fingers brushed over her pussy.  She moaned out loud as my fingers caressed her mound, running through her small patch of hair.  Our hips gyrated together, sliding the shaft of my cock between her cheeks.  

Jenny reached back with one hand and grabbed the back of my head, guiding my mouth to her neck.  I kissed and nibbled at her skin as my fingers found her hard clit.  My other hand cupped her breast as my fingers squeezed her nipple.  Jenny’s other hand reached out for the showerhead and directed the spray of warm water down her body.  Her small hand slipped under mine, her fingers rubbing her own clit.

“Put a finger inside me,” Jenny moaned, “Fuck my pussy with your finger”

I slowly slid a finger inside her wet pussy, exploring her inner walls, feeling the warmth from within her.  I kissed over her collarbone, lightly sucking and nibbling her soft skin.  My hand massaged her breast, my fingers rolling her hard nipple between them.  I slipped a second finger inside Jenny’s pussy, slowly moving in and out.

“Oh yes,” Jenny panted, “fuck me with your fingers.”

Her own hand moved quickly, rubbing her clit in circles with her fingers.  I could feel her body start to tense up.  Her other hand grabbed the back of my head tightly.  Her moaning grew louder and louder, I could tell she was on the verge.  

I moved my mouth back to her neck, biting her soft flesh.  Suddenly Jenny’s body began to spasm slightly.  Her hand moved from her clit and grabbed my hand, holding my fingers deep inside her.

After a few seconds, Jenny turned around to face me.  Still short of breath, she pressed her mouth to mine. Kissing me deeply, we shared the same breath for a few moments.  

Jenny broke the kiss and looked up at me with a sly grin.  Her hands reached down and held my still hard cock, stroking it lightly.

“Now it’s your turn”

Moving behind me, Jenny turned me around to rinse the soap from my body.

“I don’t want to get all that soap in my mouth,” She giggled.

Jenny turned me back around to face her.  The warm water running down my back as she kissed me softly.  Her hands ran up and down my chest, moving lower and lower.  Slowly, Jenny sunk to her knees in front of me, her mouth leaving a trail of wet kisses down my chest and stomach.  She giggled as my hard cock pressed against her breasts.

“Poor baby.  Looks like you need some attention here”

Jenny took my cock in her hand again, wrapping her fingers around my shaft.  She leaned forward and lightly ran her tongue over the head.  Her other hand lightly caressed my balls as she took the head into her mouth.  I moaned out as I felt her tongue swirling over the head of my cock.  Her hand began to pump my shaft, twisting as it moved up and down.  She sucked deeply on the head of my cock, her tongue teasing the hole.  Jenny’s head started bobbing, taking my cock into her mouth.  Her hand pumping in unison with her head, her other hand massaging my balls.  The slurping sounds she made as she sucked my cock aroused me even more.

I moaned louder and louder as Jenny continued to give me an amazing blowjob.  The pleasure was almost more than I could stand as I came closer and closer to the edge.

I placed my hands on her shoulders and gently pushed her back, pulling my cock from her mouth.  Jenny looked up at me and pouted, she was enjoying how much pleasure she was bringing me.

“Turn around,” I told her, “on your hands and knees.”

Jenny’s pout instantly turned to a big bright smile.  She quickly spun around and leaned forward onto her hands, sticking her ass up in the air.  I knelt behind her and rubbed the head of my cock over her ass.

“Mmmmmm...stick that in me.” Jenny moaned.

Her own hand reached back between her legs and grabbed my cock, backing her body back closer to mine, holding the head of my cock to her pussy lips.  I grabbed Jenny’s ass and pulled her back onto me, my cock sliding deep inside her.  My hips bucked, fucking her harder and harder.  We both moaned out loud, gasping for breath.

All of a sudden, the water that had been getting colder turned into a spray of ice cold water.  We both jumped from the shock, quickly getting up and redirecting the stream.  Both of us broke out into laughter as i fumbled to turn the water off.

I reached for the towels hanging by the shower and we both dried each other off, kissing at every opportunity.  Wrapping the towel around my waist I got out of the tub and started towards the kitchen.  Jenny’s hand grabbed my shoulder and stopped me in my tracks.

“Now wait a second there.  I’m not quite finished with you yet,” she said.

Grabbing my hand, Jenny walked me to the bedroom.  We stood by the side of the bed, holding each other close, kissing passionately.  Jenny unwrapped the towel covering her body and dropped it to the floor.  She reached down and yanked the towel I had wrapped around my waist and pushed me down onto the bed.  I backed up a bit, stretching my body out, my still hard cock pointing up in the air.

Jenny climbed on top of me, straddling my waist.  She positioned her hips above mine, her pussy hovering above my hard cock.  I took my cock in my hand and slipped the head inside her hot, wet pussy.  Jenny dropped her weight onto me, taking me deep inside her.  She wiggled her hips, grinding into mine.   She leaned back, her chest perpendicular to mine.  Looking deep into my eyes, Jenny began massaging her breasts, pinching her hard nipples, moaning softly.

“Oh god, you feel so good inside me.”

Jenny began to bounce up and down.  Her hot pussy sliding up and down my hard shaft, she moaned louder and louder with each stroke.  I reached down and rubbed her clit with my thumb, causing her to ride me faster and harder.  We both gasped for air.

“Oh god.  I’m gonna cum” I somehow managed to say.

“Yes...yes, baby,” Jenny screamed, “Fill me with your cum”

My body tensed up.  My cock jerked inside her pussy.  I moaned out loud as I exploded inside her.

Jenny collapsed onto my chest.  I held her in my arms, kissing her gently as we tried to catch out breath.  

Finally regaining composure, Jenny looked into my eyes and giggled.

“So, is dinner ready yet, or what?”