 You see a chair. A wine red leather club chair with a comfortable ottoman to go with it. The leather old and somewhat faded. That look of old comfortable leather. You see a chair, a chair to read a book, sip a coffee, or cuddle up in and take a nap. 

I see something different. I see a memory, a memory of a night of passion and pleasure. I see myself sitting in that chair like a captain of a boat, gazing out over the vast seas. I look out at the course that has been charted for the night. My red heels and white jeans lay about the floor in front of me. My thong and top not too far in another direction. The course of my husband's hunger for me. 

How that course lead to here? A date night, just us, no kids or talk of bills. No talk of job stress. On this night we went out as two people in love, dating. Excited for where the night may lead. 

I purposely wore my white jeans as I know what they do to this man. He swears I am the hottest milf in town, I roll my eyes and laugh it him. He does not understand how I don't get that I am desirable. He thinks every guy in town would have me if they could. I think he is nuts. I have never seen myself as a sexual attraction. He sees me as his fantasy every night. 

But this night I know I looked good. I looked myself over in the mirror. My smile and long brown hair, a pretty good start. And as I looked my body over I can't help thinking maybe he is right. My breast though not what they used to be after two kids and forty years of living still look good. My ass, always my best asset look real good in these jeans. Add in my toned arms and legs from my daily squat and push-up routine, and well hell I do look good, and sexy. 

That charted course of a date, coupled with all night flirting with each other. I rubbing my hand along his inner leg as he drove. He grabbing my ass as I walked, or rubbing a finger along the small of my back. It has lead us to this. 

We pulled into our driveway and got out of the car. My husband grabbing me and thrusting me against the car. Quickly his lips were on mine as we make out in front of our suburban home. I manage to break our kiss and I can see his eyes. Lust is in them like a storm brewing on the horizon. I feel myself getting damp within my groin. Knowing he wants me this bad. 

We walked up to the door as I fumbled with the keys. He stands behind me and starts to unbutton my pants. I slap at his hand and finally get the key in the door. We fall into the entry way and he was on me. Kissing my neck and whispering into my ear telling me how badly he needed me. Need I love that word. Like I am a cure to his disease. Not a want but a need. That if he doesn't have me soon he won't survive another day. I envy him sometimes. To be able to be that passionate about someone. 

As he kisses me and whispers his sweet nothings, I am getting a familiar tingling within myself. God I do enjoy his desire. I took control and pushed him against the door undoing his buckle and dropping his pants. He pulled his shirt of as I kneeled before him to take off his pants and shoes. 

I looked up, I knew what he wanted, his face said it all. I grabbed at his manhood and smiled up at him. I then put him in my mouth and listened to his cries of ecstasy. He loves when I give him head. 

I know he is so full of lust on this night. So I go slow taking my time trying to not make him cum. My senses are in a high state of arousal. I could feel his hands playing with my hair, his breath coming in short quick paces. 

I ran my tongue all over his swollen cock. Teasing him with each tongue twisting twirl. I looked up and felt so powerful as I looked at my husbands face. At this moment he is mine. He is trying hard not to cum, but if I desire I can make him cum in a minute. But on this night I want more and continue to work his manhood within my mouth. 

I was never able to deep throat his above average sized seven inch cock. But tonight I try with gusto. I get half into my mouth and listen as he moans in ecstasy. He loves when I try to take him even though he knows I can't get it all. But this night of desire and sexcapades I try again. I'm determined to get him in. 

I forced myself down on him fighting my gag reflex and I felt his cock push in deeper. He knew what I was trying to do for him, and pushes into me also. I was fighting to not pull him out of me. I opened my eyes and was shocked to see his abdomen right near my eyes. I pushed one last time and my nose touched up against him. I can't believe I did it. 

His guttural moan let me know how turned on and appreciative he was. I came up and took a breath and then took him deep a few more times. As turned on as I know he was, I was shocked that I felt a deep arousal within. My flower was buzzing and could not wait to get its own attention. 

I stood up and kissed him, our mouths overlapping as our tongues did a dance. He kissed me like a man possessed. Whispering in my ear how fucking good that felt and what a sex pot I am. His words making me even wetter than I already was. I have never been accused of being a sex pot, but I liked it. 

I pulled away and ordered him to lay down on the floor. He smiled at me and did as I said. I stood next to him and kicked one shoe off and placed the other one of my heeled feet on his chest. Looking into his eyes I told him to take it off. He did and grabbed my foot and licked and sucked on my toes. Running his hands up my leg trying to reach my flower. 

I pushed my foot down on his chest and stepped back. I pulled my jeans off and threw them across the room. Standing over his face he reached up and pulled my thong down. I squatted down and sat on his face. 

His tongue immediately started lapping at my folds, hungry to finally get his chance to taste me. I was so hot I had a small orgasm upon his initial ministrations to my sexual craving. My breathing turning into uncontrollable moans of passion. 

He laughed a devilish laugh, knowing what he was doing to me. He then encouraged me on. Telling me to fuck his face, and to cum for him. His words driving me into another orbit. 

I looked down at him and he looked beautiful. I don't always think that, but at that moment with his face In between my thighs tongue buried within me, working so hard to pleasure me, he was beautiful. 

I watched him. Usually my eyes are shut. But this night I just watched him fuck me with his tongue. He catches me watching and stares into my eyes. Seduction boiling within them. I grabbed at his head and pushed down on his face. My moment finally upon me, suffocating him as I reveled in my sweet release. God it felt amazing. I shook on him as I orgasmed, a lightning bolt exploding through my body. He just continued to lap at me letting me have my moment. 

Finally my orgasm subsided and I came off his face pushing my body down his. Laying down on him I could feel his breathing heavy with lust, and that hardness between his legs. I kissed him and devoured his face, wet with my previous excitement. 

I could have been done at that point. I felt fantastic and at total peace. But I knew this man I lay on wanted more of me. Somewhere deep within me I wanted more this night also. I wanted to feel him push into me and try his hardest to please me, more than he just had. I wanted to feel his endowment take me, wanted to scratch his back and pull him into my love core, wanted to make him cum. Allow him the same pleasure I myself just had. 

I stood up and sat on the chair. Yes the chair that you see as just that. I sat like the captain I described and signaled for my husband to come over to me and take what is his. 

As I look out noticing my heels and clothing I also take him in. My partner and husband of 19 years. He looks good trying his best to stay in shape. He will never be accused of being a stud, but at 40 years of age he looks just great. His lean frame walked my way and stopped in front of me. He was stroking himself and it turned me on to watch him do that. 

He kneeled in front of me and placed himself at my entrance. His cock teasing me as he slid up and down my entrance. I suddenly wanted him and bad. I moved down and pushed myself onto him, allowing his hardness to invade my hot core. He hissed as his cock melted into me, surprised at me making the first move to get him into me. I sat up on my elbows to better accommodate his thrusting into me. 

He grabbed at my hips and pulled me onto him deeper and deeper, the whole of him stuffed inside me. I'm not sure what came over me the usually quiet during sex girl, but I grabbed his chin with my hand and stared into his eyes and commanded that he fuck me. I said it over and over. Fuck me, fuck me, he put my arms around his neck and then stood up with me impaled on his magic stick. And on that night it was just that. 

He fucked me as he held me up on him. And he too got into the talking, asking me if I loved getting fucked like this. I begged him to come for me, and he assured me that it would not be long. He walked to the side of the chair and sat me on the big comfortable leather arm. Still inside me I rest my head on his chest and scratch his back. Our bodies pressed together as I felt another orgasmic wave building, and my husband sensed it too. I looked down to watch as his cock pistoned in and out of me. His cock was wet from my enjoyment and seeing his cock work on me sent me into my next orgasm. I grabbed at his cock with my PC muscles and it sends us both over the edge. He called out a bunch of oh my gods and oh fucks as he unloads himself deep within me. 

He pulled out and we stayed in the same position embracing each other for a few minutes. He then lifted me up an carried me to bed. My husband who had fucked me so well. I was so happy to be his and he to be mine. I fall asleep to morning. I awoke the next day to my husband sipping his coffee in the chair. Smiling at me as I come down the stairs. A view of a chair forever changed in my mind.