 This is a short story I wrote for an online friend about what might happen our first time together. All names are changed to protect the guilty : and as always, if you are under 18 or offended by graphic descriptions of consensual sex between legal aged adults, please don't read any further. Feedback is welcomed and encouraged. Enjoy.

* * * * *

Sam was his name. We had met online in AOL and hit it off right away. I knew he was married, but somehow, it didn't matter as much, especially since he was so far away from my Midwestern town and I figured it was just going to be a chatting friendship. We talked for hours and eventually, we exchanged pictures. He was tall and handsome with short blonde hair, long legs, and nice hands ~ everything I loved in a man. He had passion and intelligence along with a nice body and a great ass. When he smiled, it light up his face. I was exactly his type, he told me; short, curvy, brown hair, brown eyes, large chested. I thought nothing of our conversations until several months had gone by. September 11th, 2001 changed the world in a lot of ways, but what I thought about the most when I watched the Pentagon catch on fire was him. He worked in D.C. and I all I could think about was if he and his family were all right. 

When my job scheduled me to fly to the capital a few weeks later, I felt like it was fate bringing us together at last. I suggested we meet if at all possible, at least for a drink and dinner. He readily agreed and we spent the next few weeks going back and forth about what ifs and maybes. Would we hit it off in person as well as we had online? What about his family commitments? Didn't that bother me? Should it worry me that it didn't? He arranged to meet me at my flight. I arrived in the early afternoon and after finally getting through baggage, I was ready to relax and kick back. I saw him before he saw me. He was standing at the sliding glass doors waiting, running his hands through his hair. He was wearing a bomber style jacket over a casual pair of jeans and a polo - he looked fabulous. I saw his face as saw me walking towards him. 

"Hi Sam," I said softly. He reached out and took my bag. I gladly gave it up. 

"Hi Angel," he returned and reached for my hand too. I gave it to him and we walked out the doors. 

"Did you wait long?" I asked. "I felt like we were stuck on the plane forever! I hate to fly." I told him as we walked. He smiled.

"No, I just got here. I was afraid I had missed you and that you'd already gone to the hotel." We had arranged for my hotel to be one close to his work, thereby insuring plenty of time to get together and talk if we liked. He lived far enough from the city that he often stayed overnight in his office or in a suite of rooms they kept for just that purpose at the hotel I was in. He dropped me off and told me he'd be back to pick me up in a few hours, he had some errands to run. That was fine with me because I had something naughty up my sleeve. 

As 7 pm approached, the plans I had in my mind took shape. I knew that I wanted this man inside me. I could feel myself aching with the desire to touch and taste him. I decided to leave him a voice mail telling him to let himself into the main room of my suite; I'd be getting ready. Then I went and set things up. I lit some candles I had brought with me and set them in the front room before I left a trail from the main door to my bathroom of my clothing. First my shoes, by the door, then my stockings and garter, then my bra on the desk, finally my panties at the entrance to the bathroom door. 

I knew we'd fit well together. I was tall for a woman, 5'6 to his 6'2, and I like I said, short curly brown hair and dark brown eyes. My skin was that golden colour you get from hours outside in the sun but my breasts and butt were milky white. I had full lips, full hips, and loved to have my breasts and nipples played with. I was by no means a small person, but someone who was built to be loved by a strong man. I turned on the water in the shower and let the steam fill the room, shading the mirror beside me. Leaving that trail of personal items was the best I could do. I hopped in the shower and soaped up. Hopefully I wouldn't be alone in here for long. 

A little bit later she heard his knock on the door over the shower and his voice as he walked in the room. "Angel? You ready yet?" he asked.

As he walked in he realized what was going on. There was a bra on the table, panties by the door, stockings by the other door and her skirt and blouse on the bed. He picked up one of the candles and took it with him to the bathroom. He heard the shower going and saw the steam through the crack in the door. He knocked. 

"Angel?" he asked. 

"Hi," I said. "C'mon in!" He paused, unsure. I could sense his uncertainty and I pulled back the curtain, looking at him. I reached out one soapy wet hand for him. "You're over dressed Sam, c'mon in handsome. I need someone to scrub my back for me. I don't bite.. unless you ask!" I teased. 

I could see the 'What the hell' thought, and he undid his pants. I saw him watching me as he stripped, slowing down, teasing me. He dropped his pants and then his shirt; finally his underwear and socks were on the floor. He stepped in with me and I smiled. "Hi" he said. 

"Hi," I whispered back. "Come on in, the water's warm". 

I held out my hand and he stepped in, encasing us in our own private room of steam and water. The water poured down from the showerhead above us, bathing us in invigorating heat. The little beats of water massaged his shoulders as I backed towards the end of the stall. He reached for me, my body wet and glistening in the dim candlelight. His lips found mine, full and moist, and I kissed him deeply, passionately, our breaths mingling. He put his arms around my waist and growled as he nuzzled my neck and kissed me. My hands ran through his hair and I tugged his head back, arching his neck so I could lick and nibble on it. 

I sucked slowly on his skin, relishing the taste of it on my tongue. I knew I would love the taste of him. He moved his hands up over my bottom and back, alternately squeezing and releasing my butt cheeks. I licked up and down his neck and ears, teasing the lobe and the small hollow at the base of his throat. Reaching a hand down his chest, I grabbed his cock quickly and started to stroke him. He looked into my eyes and held them as I held his dick in my hands. He put his hands on my shoulders, urging me down. I knew he loved this and he knew I loved it. A blowjob in the shower was the best. I slowly slid to my knees in front of him. 

The water beat a steady staccato on my shoulders, raining down my face and chest, down the front of his chest as I licked at his navel and then lower. He jumped as he felt my tongue lick the tip of the head. "Oh yes Angel," groaned and put his hands in my wet hair, tugging and rubbing it slowly around. The water built up around my knees and the steam made it like were the only two people around. 

I held him firmly in my hand and started to suckle on the tip. He braced himself against the wall and ran his hands through my hair some more. I sucked harder, teasing him, bringing him to his full erect-ness. I cupped his balls, playing, teasing, and licking as I tongued him lovingly. He gripped my shoulders as I tried to take him deeper, feeling him hit the back of my throat. I gagged, but quickly passed it, sliding him all the way in so my nose rested on his pubic hair. The water cascading over drowned out the noises I'm sure we made as I tried to please him with my mouth. Bringing him closer and closer to the edge, I stopped when he grabbed my shoulders and tried to pull me up. I pulled back and stood up.

I stood, offering my breasts to his mouth and my body to his hands. He reached for both, his mouth nursing on my breast as his hands found their way between my legs. I was soaked, wet for him beyond just the water that still rained around us. I held onto him and begged for it. "Now," I ordered, "I want you inside me now!" He turned me around so I was under the spray and facing the wall.

"Put your hands on the wall", he ordered. "I want you to lean forward." I did as he asked, putting my hands in front of me and spreading my legs, as if to be frisked. He moved up behind me, putting his hands on my breasts. I reached down, to cover them and he said stopped me. 

"No," he ordered again. "Touch the wall". I put my hands back up. He kneed my legs further apart and I felt him aim his cock towards my hole. He found my moist opening and he pushed hard straight up inside me. I groaned, leaned forward, and pushed against his hands. 

"Fuck me.." I whispered. He gladly obeyed. 

His hands pulled my hips closer to his as he started to pound in and out of me. He filled me up, thick and hard, making me want more, moving in and out. I moved with him, pushing back and up against his hips, which ground against mine in response. My nipples hardened and I trembled, feeling that tingle of pleasure building inside me, working its way to my orgasm. I could feel him panting as he fucked me quicker, teasing me, moving inside me, filling me. He leaned down and bit my shoulder softly, licking away the sharp spurt of pain. 

I groaned, low and soft, as he moved more, pumping harder, our bodies working together to the goal. He was riding me hard, bending me forward, nipping and biting at me, my hands clutching the slick tile, the water still pounding down around us, steam everywhere. I felt my orgasm start and I squeezed him tighter inside me and begged for it. "Fuck me, oh God, make me cum, give it to me," I said over and over. I scream softly into my arms and leaned hard against the wet tile. I panted in the hot steamy air and tensed my legs and ass. He pushed in hard one more time before I contracted around him. He bit my shoulder and the back of my neck and whispered naughty things in my ear, things whispered between lovers. 

"Feel my cock move inside you.. that's it, cum for me baby. You love it when I fuck you.. I love to feel you squeeze me tight, just like that baby. Make noise for me, oh yes, louder baby, feel me harder inside you" over and over he said as he still pushed and surged inside me. 

He held me up, pushed against the wall, with his hands and cock and waited till I stopped shaking. I opened my eyes and moved my hips slowly as I turned and looked over my shoulder. Suddenly, I realized he was still hard inside me. He hadn't cum yet. 

"Mmm, yes," I said as he pulled back and turned me around to bring me into his arms. I laid my head on his shoulder, limp with my pleasure and felt his still rock hard dick bump my thigh. I looked at him and then slid down in his arms, kneeling, to suck on his cock once more. I started at the tip, moved my tongue down and around, licking my juices off him first. I pushed my breasts together and moved them around his cock, letting the water ease his cock as he slid in and out of them, as if it were my pussy. I watched him smile down at me. I licked and sucked on the head as it would pop in and out, and I felt him shudder a little. I moved my hands to milk him instead and I guided him in and out of my mouth. Suddenly he grabbed my hair. 

"I'm gonna cum Angel," he warned me. I pulled back so his dick was aimed at my chest and face and jerked him off faster. He tensed, closing his eyes and as he started orgasming, I opened my mouth and sucked the tip in, licking and swirling it over and over and trying to swallow as fast as I could. Throbbing and spurting more out, I pulled him back and let it spray over my neck and tits. He groaned again and tugged on my hair as I cleaned us both off. "Oh God, Angel," he said as he kneeled down in the tub with me, "That was amazing." We laid there, panting, sated and relaxed.

* * * * *

If this story sounds familiar, it's because it's a rewrite of one of my first short stories. Thank you for your insight and help, Ms. Editor. ~ Angel