 FRIDAY MORNING –Getting “Dirty” in the Shower

When I woke up Friday morning, I heard the shower running. I rolled over and looked at the clock. It was nearly noon.

I got up and went to the bathroom door. I knocked.

“Come on in.” I heard him say. 

I stepped inside. He stood there, naked, with his back to me, one hand testing the water temperature in the shower.

I went to him and pressed my naked body against his back, wrapping my arms around his waist.

“Good morning.” I said.

“Good morning.” He replied. “Care to join me?”

“But of course.”

He got into the shower and stepped under the water. I got in behind him. He turned around, running his fingers through his hair, letting the water run over his head and down his back. He had a monstrous erection.

I laughed. “Do you wake up like that every morning or are you just glad to see me?”

“Both.” He replied, grinning.

“Good Answer.” I said. 

He reached out and grabbed me by the waist, pulling me under the water with him. He pressed his lips to mine, his tongue snaking into my mouth, and kissed me passionately. I wrapped my arms around his neck, returning the passion of his kiss. I found myself moaning softly, not unlike last night, and I felt that familiar tingle between my thighs.

I leaned over and picked up the soap from the dish. I rubbed it between my hands, working up a good lather and began to wash his chest and stomach.

“Turn around.” I said softly.

He turned around and I washed his back. Slowly, I let my hands drift down to his ass and smoothed the suds on gently, massaging. I got down on my knees and washed the back of his legs. He turned back around. I washed the front of his legs, his feet. Then I took hold of that beautiful erection and slid one soapy hand slowly up and down the shaft, while cupping his smooth balls in the other, massaging them gently. He moaned softly.
I picked up the washcloth. I held it behind him, saturating it with the steamy water from the shower. Then I held it just over his cock and wrung it out, rinsing away the soap. I gripped the base of his cock in my right hand and slowly began to rub it all over my face. It felt exquisite! It was so hard, yet the skin was so smooth and warm. I closed my eyes, continuing to rub his rigid rod all over my face. It was really turning me on. 

I looked up at him. Our eyes locked. 

“Suck my dick.” He said, barely above a whisper.

I kissed the head of his cock, letting my tongue flick across the opening. I put my hands on his hips and slid my lips tightly over it, sucking gently. I closed my eyes and slid my mouth up and down the shaft slowly, savoring the feel of his hard meat on my tongue, the taste of him. With every stroke, I sucked him a little harder and picked up the pace a little more. My pussy was on fire. I wrapped my left arm around his hips and drew his full length into my mouth. Somehow my right hand found its way to my horny little pussy. I moaned aloud, enjoying the feel of his stiff dick in my mouth as well as the feel of my fingers massaging my hard swollen clit. My moaning sent vibrations through his cock that brought him to a loud explosive climax. He pulled his cock out of my mouth, stroked it a couple of times, and shot his hot cum all over my tits. I arched my back, pushing my tits toward him and began to massage them with my free hand, rubbing his cum all over them like I was smoothing on body lotion. 

He dropped to his knees in front of me, trembling and flushed from his orgasm. He glanced down at my right hand, still between my legs, but no longer moving.

“Finish.” He whispered breathlessly. “Cum for me.”

I laid back and propped my feet up on either side of the tub. My eager fingers went back to work on my pussy. 

I looked directly into his eyes and smiled seductively. He held my gaze for a moment. Then his eyes drifted down my body, over my soft, full, cum-splattered breasts to my hot pink pussy, glistening with my juices. He leaned over and began to massage my tits, pinching the nipples as he watched my fingers work their magic on my swollen clit. 

I leaned my head back and closed my eyes. I felt his hands slide down the front of my body, one hand resting for a moment on mine, as if he was getting a sense of the rhythm I was using as I masturbated. Then I felt his hands on my inner thighs, massaging gently. I smiled and moaned softly.

“Do you like that?” He asked.

“Yes. . .” I replied dreamily.

He slid 2 fingers into my pussy. For a moment my fingers stopped massaging my clit as I focused on the sensations of his sliding in and out of my hot cunt.

“Don’t stop.” He whispered. “We’re gonna get you off together.”

Immediately, my fingers went back to work, rubbing my pink pussy lips and massaging my hard little clit. I began to breath harder and rub myself faster, as he finger-fucked me harder and faster. My hips were bucking wildly, my ass bouncing up off the floor of the tub with each thrust.

“Oh God. . .so close. . .” I moaned. “Fuck me. . .fuck me. . .fuck me. . .!”

My orgasm exploded inside me. My fingers kept working my clit furiously and his fingers were buried in my cunt up to the knuckles. The muscles inside me were squeezing his fingers, contracting so hard and fast that he couldn’t have pulled his fingers out if he wanted to. 

When my body began to relax again, he pulled his fingers out slowly. I watched him lick them clean.

I sat up and took his face in my hands, pulling it to mine. I kissed him, pushing my tongue into his mouth urgently. I tasted the sweet erotic flavor of my cum on his tongue. 

He pulled back gently and smiled at me.

“This is shaping up to be one hell of a weekend.” He said.

I returned his smile.

“Come on,” he said, standing up. “I’m gonna go get dressed while you wash up. Are you hungry?”

“Famished.” I said, lustfully.

He laughed. “How about some lunch? I think we’re way too late for breakfast.”

I laughed. “Okay. Give me 20 minutes.”

He left the bathroom, closing the door softly behind him. I smiled to myself. ‘Oh yeah,’ I thought. ‘It IS gonna be one hell of a weekend!’

He didn’t even know the half of it. . .not yet anyway.

TO BE CONTINUED. . .