 THURSDAY - I locked the hotel room door behind me and sat down on the end of the bed. Glancing at my watch, I realized I still had an hour before Paul would arrive.

We had been planning this 4-day weekend for weeks. Of course, I had been doing a little secret planning on my own. I had a few surprises in store for Paul!

I went into the bathroom and turned on the shower. While the water heated up, I stripped off my clothes and looked at myself in the mirror. I brushed my hands lightly over my erect nipples.

'Damn, look at me - horny already and an hour to wait!' I thought.

I took a long hot shower, trying to relax. I took my time drying my hair, smoothing on body lotion and spritzing on a little cologne.

I closed the shades and curtains. Then I placed several candles around the room and lit them. I opened my overnight bag and pulled out two pairs of handcuffs. I placed them under one of the pillows on the bed.

'He ought to be hear any minute.' I thought, glancing at the clock by the bed.

There was a knock at the door. I pulled on my short white satin robe and peered through the peephole in the door. It was Paul!

I took a deep breath, let it out slowly, then opened the door. We smiled at each other and I told him to come in. He stepped inside. I closed the door and locked it behind him.

I turned and smiled up at him. He pulled me into his arms, crushing my body against his and kissed me passionately, his tongue searching every corner of my mouth. I moaned and returned his kiss with equal passion. We fell back against the door with a 'thud' and he pulled at the belt of my robe. It fell open and his hot hands were all over my naked body as his tongue continued probing the farthest reached of my mouth. My skin was on fire with his touch and there was no mistaking the tingling between my thighs.

He kicked his shoes off as I unbuttoned his shirt and pushed it off his shoulders, letting it fall to the floor. I struggled with his belt for a moment, then opened his fly and pushed his jeans down to his thighs. His cock was fully erect. It was so beautiful! I stared down at it for a moment, mesmerized. I could almost feel it inside me. I dropped to my knees and pulled his jeans down to his ankles. He kicked them off the rest of the way.

I looked up at him as I wrapped a hand around the base of his rigid cock and began to lick the head like an ice cream cone. A little bit of pre-cum glistened on the tip and I made a show of licking it off. God, it tasted so good! Then I placed feathery kisses up and down the shaft, but didn't take him into my mouth, not just yet. Oh, I wanted to. I wanted to so badly. But I had other plans for him today!

I stood up and led him to the bed by his hard cock. I pulled back the sheets and motioned for him to lie down in the center of the bed. He did. I climbed on top of him, my knees on either side of his hips, my wet pussy just inches from his erection.

I pressed my body down against his, my pussy touching the base of his cock, my abdomen pressing it down against his stomach. He groaned and so did I. I could see that making him wait would be as difficult for me as it would be for him! I touched his lips gently with mine. I looked into his eyes, smiling.

"Hi. Nice to see you again." I said, laughing.

He laughed too, just now realizing that he hadn't spoken since he came in the door.

"Hi." he laughed. "Yes, it IS nice to see you again." He reached up with both and and ran his fingers through my hair. Then he pulled my face to his and we kissed again, the light-hearted laughter of a moment before all but forgotten.

"I'm sorry. I was thinking about making love to you all the way here." He said. "Guess I'm a little anxious." He blushed a little.

"It's okay." I said. "I've been thinking about it all day too. I didn't know if I could wait for you or if I'd have to get started without you."

"Really?" he said, interested. I felt his dick throbbing against my abdomen. "I'd like to see THAT."

I leaned down and put my mouth right next to his ear. "And you will." I whispered. I slowly ran my tongue up the side of his neck.

"Do you trust me?" I whispered seductively in his ear.

"Yes." he said.

"REALLY trust me?" I asked.

"Yes. . ." he replied, obviously wondering where I was going with this.

"How much?" I asked.

"What do you. . ." he began to respond but stopped as I reached under the pillow, pulled out the handcuffs and dangled them in front of his face.

He raised his eyebrows, obviously surprised, but not unpleasantly so.

"Do you trust me THIS much?" I asked, smiling.

"Yes." he replied without hesitation.

"Good." I said. He lay very still and watched as I placed one end of each cuff on his wrist and the other end on one of the bedposts.

I resumed my earlier position, straddling his hips, my pussy pressed against the base of his hard dick. I leaned down and kissed him, pressing his erection against his stomach again. He groaned out loud.

"God, I want to fuck you." he said, breathlessly.

I began to slide my body over his, forward and back, letting my wet pussy lips slide up and down the shaft of his cock. He groaned louder.

"Oh baby, feel how wet I am." I whispered.

He moaned in response.

I nibbled his earlobes, kissed his neck, then ran my tongue along his collarbone, up the the center of his throat to his chin and back down again. I traced small circles around his nipples with my fingertips, then ran my tongue agonizingly slowly down his belly. His body tasted to so good!

Ignoring his engorged cock (with much difficulty, I might add), I moved all the way down the bed and ran my tongue up the bottom of his left foot, over his big toe and up over the top to his ankle. He groaned again, obviously not expecting that. I pushed his legs farther apart and knelt between them, moving my tongue slowly up his calves, behind his knees and up the inside of his thighs. As my mouth got closer to his hard cock, he let out a whimper.

"Please suck my dick!" he begged.

I took his aching cock in my right hand and stroked it up and down. More pre-cum glistened on the tip. I licked it off and cupped his smooth balls in my left hand, massaging them gently.

"Suck it, please, suck it for me!" he pleaded.

I had intended to make him wait, but he was in agony and I just couldn't stand it. Besides, I was eager to taste his cum. I wanted it. Hell, I needed it! Without hesitation, I went all the way down on him, sucking his whole cock into my hot mouth. I tasted more pre-cum. He was groaning louder and thrusting his hips up, trying to fuck my mouth. I knew he was very close to shooting his load. I moaned in anticipation and it seemed that the vibrations I caused sent him over the edge. He cried out. His hot cum hit the back of my throat. It felt so good! I sucked him hard, until his balls were empty.

When his body began to relax, I let his dick slip from my lips. I straddled his hips again, my pussy again touching the base of his now sleeping dick. He smiled at me. He was flushed and trembling ever so slightly.

"God Damn!" He said, laughing.

"That's only the beginning." I said.

I looked down at my full breasts, cupping them in  my hands and gently kneading them. I glanced up at him. With my left hand I continued playing with my breast. I let my right hand slide down my body and begin to massage my pussy. I was so wet, so hot. I whimpered and rubbed myself, slowly moving my hips forward and back as if I was riding his cock.

"This is what it looks like when I touch myself and think of you." I said softly. "Paul, I want you to see me cum for you."

He watched in fascination as my fingers worked the hot wet pussy they knew so well. Gradually, his dick began to spring back to life. Seeing it rise in response to my masturbation fanned the flames of my passion. My fingers and hips worked faster. I whimpered and moaned, completely lost in my self-pleasure. I felt an orgasm buiding inside me and I knew it would be explosive.

"Oh god. . .Paul. . .I'm gonna cum for you baby. . .Jesus. . .Oh god. . ."

And then it hit me. I threw back my head and cried out, nearly screamed, as it washed over my entire body. I fell forward onto Paul's chest, whimpered and shuddering. When my orgasm eventually subsided, I lay quietly, my right cheek against his chest, panting.

"That was so beautiful." he whispered.

I lifted my face and smiled at him. I kissed his lips softly. I slid my tongue into his mouth, kissing him deeper. I felt his hard cock, fully awake now, pressing against my stomach. My pussy began to tingle.

"Let me taste your cum." he said. And the tingling became throbbing.

I moved up the bed until I was straddling his face. He looked up at my glistening pink lips, dripping with my juices.

"So beautiful." he whispered.

I lowered it to his face.

"Lick my pussy, Paul. Drink my cum." I demanded.

I watched as he began to sample my sweet wet desire for him. His hot tongue felt so good! I began to move my hips, rubbing my clit on his lips, his tongue, his beard. His tongue worked a wicked magic on my pussy. Already I could feel another explosive orgasm building inside me.

"Oh yes. . .Lick me, Paul. . .lick me, baby. . ."

He kept licking and sucking my dripping cunt and moaning with pleasure. I leaned forward and grabbed the headboard to brace myself. I was humping his face shamelessly now, riding it like I was fucking him, grinding my pussy against his face and moaning, whimpering. Orgasm was so close, yet so far away. It seemed I was right there, on the edge of ecstasy, but my body just wouldn't let go.

Paul pushed his hot tongue inside me and began to suck my clit feverishly. That did it.

I came harder than I could ever remember cumming before. I could feel the incredibly hot juices just gushing from my pussy like lava as I continued grinding against his mouth.

When at last my orgasm subsided, I collapsed on the bed next to him, panting, trembling.

"I have two words for you." he said hoarsely. Then he cleared his throat and said, "Female ejaculation."

"No way!" I said. "That's a myth!"

"Look at me." he said laughing.

I looked at him. His handsome face was literally covered with my juice! It was in his beard, in his hair, dripping down his neck!

"Oh my God!" I said. At first, I was embarrassed, but that quickly faded as I realized how turned on he was.

I grabbed the key from the bedside table and removed the handcuffs, tossing them on the floor by the bed.

He immediately pushed me down on my back on the bed, rolling over on top of me. He pushed my thighs apart with his knees and drove his rock hard cock into me.

"Yes. . .fuck me, Paul!" I moaned.

His face was right next to mine. I could smell the sweet intoxicating scent of my cum on him. I ran my tongue up the side of his neck, tasting my juices. I drew his earlobe into my mouth, sucking it gently. He moaned and fucked me harder.

He put his hands under me, grabbing my ass, and rolled over so that I was on top. I ran my tongue across his lips, up one side of his face, across his forehead and down the other side. I kissed him again, plunging my tongue into his mouth so that he could taste my juice from my own tongue. And I began to ride his rigid cock.

He put his arms around me and ran his hands down my back, resting them on my ass.

"Mmmmm. . .squeeze my ass, baby." I whispered.

He began to knead the soft round flesh and I moaned, riding him a little harder, a little faster.

"Does that feel good?" he asked.

"Oh yes. . ." i said.

"Ride my hard cock. . .give me that hot pussy. . ." he groaned.

I complied, riding him  harder, faster. He held my ass firmly in his hands now. My body began to tremble as I came again. I managed to look at his face as I came. His head was back, eyes closed. He was close to the edge of ecstasy as well.

As my orgasm peaked, I slammed my pussy down onto his cock. All at once, he groaned out loud and squeezed my ass hard, as his orgasm took over his body. He shuddered as hot cum streamed out of his cock, filling my steaming pussy with the hot sticky fluid.

When it was over, I collapsed onto his chest, panting. He rubbed my back gently. We lay in silence for a while.

I lifted my head and looked at him. He pulled my face to his and kissed my lips softly. He ran his tongue across my lips and I parted them slightly, allowing his moist tongue access to mine. Our tongues did a sort of soft, slow dance around each other, tender and gentle at first, then growing more passionate.

We broke the kiss reluctantly, both of us wanting more, but knowing we were spent for tonight.

I lay down next to him, my head on his shoulder.

"This has been some evening." he said.

"understatement of the year." I laughed.

"Handcuffs." he said thoughtfully. "THAT was different."

"Well if you thought THAT was fun, wait until you see what I have planned for tomorrow!" I said with a sly smile.

"What?" he asked, quite interested.

"Just get a good night's sleep." I said.

"What have you got up your sleeve?" he asked.

I kissed him on the cheek.

"Goodnight Paul" I whispered.

I laid my head back down on his shoulder and smiled to myself.

'Tomorrow. . .' I thought.

TO BE CONTINUED. . .