 "Do you want to fuck me?" I ask.

Your breath is hot on my neck and shoulder. There's an ache in my pussy from being so swollen with lust. My hand is on your dick, I can feel the hardness as I slide my hand up and down your soft sensitive skin. My nipples are as hard as you are. I want your hands and mouth on every part of my body. No, I want every part of you all over me. Your lips to tug on my nipple, your fingertip to tease my anus, your chest on my back, soft fists in my hair, your cock gliding on my pussy and clit.

"Yes," you answer me after a moment, then your lips are on mine.

"Right here, right now?" 

I ask you, my words punctuated by my heavy breathing, as I pull back slightly from the pleasure on my mouth. You groan as I continue to rub along your length with my hand. My other one clasped in yours, our fingers clutching strongly in congruence with our desire. You groan low before you answer.

"Yes."

I step back.

"Take me then," I say.

You smile and turn me around and place both my hands on your desk. There's a pause as you put on the condom. Then your warm hardness is between my thighs. You pull back a little and find my pussy with your tip. Slowly, you enter me, taking minutes, hours, it's amazing and excruciating. Finally your all the way inside me and you stop, still, filling me. Your fingers reach around and pull on my nipples. I clench around you in response, and you shudder slightly. I pull back to start you moving in me, but you lean forward.

"Don't move yet," you whisper.

I stop and you push yourself all the way into me again. Your hands move down my body, across my ribs, shivers moving through me, my breathing erratic. You reach between my legs, taking the wetness from my pussy and sliding it up one side of my lips, then the other. You start making slow circles across my vulva, tantalisingly close to my clit, but expertly just missing it, making my pussy contract around you. As you finally touch your fingers to my clit, you bite my shoulder gently, making me gasp with double pleasure. I groan as your fingers continue, up and down, in circles, stopping to press. I squeeze my thighs together to stop myself moving, while I squeeze you inside me.

"Do you want me to fuck you?"

You ask me, each word accompanied by sliding of your fingers over my clit.

"Yes," I gasp.

"Right here, right now?"

Your fingers are moving harder and faster, and my legs are beginning to wobble.

"Yes," I can barely speak.

"Do you want it hard?"

You're teasing me, I'm incapable of wanting anything else but you as hard and deep as possible.

"Yes," I don't even know how I'm still answering you.

"Like this?"

You slide out of me slowly, just as you went in.

"No," I say as you come out so far just the tip of you is resting on me.

"No? Do you want me to stop?"

"No!"

I know you're teasing but there's a hint of real panic in my voice. I feel like I'll implode if I don't have you soon.

"Oh, okay," you say.

Then you continue your slow rhythm, achingly filling me, then coming out, and teasing my vulva with your tip. I start to make obviously fake crying sounds.

"Why so sad?" you ask, "Do you want to be fucked like this?"

You drive yourself into me suddenly, but when you get to the end you stop and are still. I groan aloud in pure frustration. You let out a low chuckle.

"Sadist," I say teasingly.

"I think it's at least equal parts masochism," you reply, softly running your nails down my back and butt.

"You never answered my question," you say.

"What question?"

"Do you want to be fucked like this?"

Then blissfully you're moving in and out of me, each glide of your hardness sending waves of pleasure throughout my body.

"Yes, yes, god, fuck yes, yes, fuck, ohmygod ohmygod, fuuuuuuuck..."

You wrap your arms around me, your breath hard in my ear, your dick like stone in my pussy. Your arms are all that's keeping me standing as your groaning makes my pussy contract with each of your thrusts. You're close to coming, and I want you to, I want to feel your pleasure pulse inside me. As you do I shudder in your arms, pleased, but also frustratingly turned on with no release. You hold me for a moment, then slide slowly out of me, as my legs nearly fail, you hold my hip to support me.

You turn me around and push me down so I'm sitting on the desk. Your mouth is on my clit, your tongue running up and down its short length. I buck against you, and you slip three fingers inside me, curving them upwards. I groan and cry out and my whole body shakes as I come hard.

You pull me down onto the floor with you, and we lie down next to one another. I kiss your mouth, tasting myself on you. Our kissing is lazy and intimate, I like the feeling of your tongue in my mouth, part of you still inside me, even though I have no energy left for sex. I pull back and look at your face, and we smile at each other, the sweet strangeness of relaxation after exertion. I stroke you skin, hair and beard, content and happy just to be lying here with you.