 It was certainly not the best night to hold a formal summer ball. The temperature had been at its all-year high during the day and it had not cooled much as the sun declined. In fact, the air on the dance floor was even hotter than it had been at midday and was heavy with the moisture from a hundred or more gyrating bodies. Two of those bodies were those of Paula, my wife's sister, and myself. We had finished an energetic number and were now dancing slowly to a love song, perspiring gently as we held each other close.

My wife and I met Paula and her husband frequently as he had been a work colleague of mine at one time and we had been together on a night out when we first met Paula and her younger sister. In the course of time, I had married one and my colleague - now my friend, had married the other - Paula.

Although I loved my wife dearly, her sister was a sexy minx and I must confess to fantasising about her often. I also had a sneaking suspicion that Paula felt the same about me but, because of the complexity of our relationships, I had never done anything about it...until tonight.

Her dark head rested on my chest and her body scalded mine with its heat. I didn't mind the suffering however, because I was looking down to a wonderful view - the pale pink cleft between two full breasts in her low cut party dress.

She looked up and whispered, "Do you know, I have been sweating so much that I am absolutely soaking," then added naughtily," I had to go to the ladies and take my panties off - they were dripping."

She flashed a teasing, provocative look at me.

I replied suggestively," You mean that beneath that pretty ball gown you are completely naked? " My manhood twitched imperceptibly, but I know she detected it because she gave me another wicked glance. 

Lowering my head to bring my mouth next to her ear, I whispered conspiratorially, "You know Paula, telling a red blooded man that your panties were so wet that you have had to take them off could be taken in a completely different way."

She laughed and we exchanged more knowingly glances but, as we did, I noticed my wife making her way through the other dancers and stand next to us. She put her mouth close to my ear to make herself heard above the music,

"John, Jeff has just realised that he hasn't taken his tablets and since everybody apart from me has had too much to drink to drive back to the house, I will have to take him home, do you mind?"

"Of course not, but can't it wait until we get home?"

"Apparently not, he should have taken them this morning."

"Yes, that's right. It's a course of drugs and he shouldn't miss any," added Paula, looking a little concerned.

"Ok, then I'll see you when I see you - it will take close to an hour to drive home and back, you know."

I gave her a peck on the cheek and she left.

When she had gone Paula took my hand and said, "It's too hot here, shall we sit down?"

We returned to the corner of the dance floor where our table now looked liked a little oasis of gloom, having the only candle still alight amongst the tables around us.

Paula and I sat on each side of the table corner with me on her right. We sipped our drinks, stealing embarrassed glances at each other and wondering who would speak first.

After a while she looked away, as if she was trying to make her voice appear to come from nowhere and whispered," You know that I have always fancied you, don't you, John?."

I could sense her anxiety at saying as much out loud and replied, "I somehow guessed you did." I looked down through the liquid in the glass I was toying with and continued, "and I have to tell you that you have played a big part in a lot of my fantasies."

"Oh, yes?"

"Yes."

"And what did I do in your fantasies?" I felt her hand on my thigh beneath the table.

Turning towards her, I smiled and answered, "If you must know, you were really, really naughty."

She laughed again, a cheeky, fun filled laugh. "What did we do that was so naughty?" She playfully punched my arm with her free hand and squeezed my thigh with the other one. 

"I can't tell you that, but it was more than putting a hand on my thigh."

Her eyebrows went up and so did her hand until it brushed against my growing erection. She watched for my reaction. 

"Oh! You were much naughtier than that."

I blew out the candle and slipped my own hand under the table and onto her leg just above her bare knee whilst trying to maintained the appearance of "good friends chatting" to the outside world.

"And what are you going to do with that?" she asked rhetorically. I was enjoying this game immensely.

My actions followed my spoken words, " I'm going to slide it slowly up the inside of your thigh until I reach that hot wet pussy of yours and then I am going to stroke it until you cum. Would you like that?"

Her legs parted by way of an answer and her facial expression confirmed that she would. I slowly slid my hand along that glorious inner thigh, enjoying the firm warm gossamer skin, lingering to trace tiny circles on its surface with the tips of my fingers until they encountered wisps of moist hair. By now her legs were as far apart as her dress would allow despite it being pulled high up her thighs. I made several caressing strokes up between her legs, barely touching her, but then I grasped the whole of her mons firmly with the palm of my open hand and allowed my fingers to trawl deliberately between her, already wet and engorged lips. Above the table we sat looking into each other's eyes. I was looking for signs of arousal and was finding a calmness that belied the furnace I felt at my fingertips. My fingers were slipping in and out of that wonderfully drenched pussy, playing with a veritable monster of a clitoris when she started to breath deeply.

Her own hands fumbled with my zipper and finally managed to slide it all the way down. I helped by unclipping the top of my trousers with my free hand, partially releasing my tormented organ, which she grabbed through my underwear and squeezed hard.

As I watched her beautiful face, her eyes closed and, as I continued to drive my stiff fingers deeply in and out of her liquid pussy, she opened her moist lips slightly and let out a faint murmur. Leaning forward again I said quietly in her ear, "In my dreams I had more than my fingers in you."

She was finding it difficult to sit still and was writhing subtlety on her seat, making access to her ever easier. Her hand on my penis was stilled, as she remained preoccupied with what I was doing to her.

I continued the pleasuring, her clitoris seemed to grow even larger and stood out even more, begging to be rubbed and squeezed between the pads of my finger and thumb, so I rubbed and squeezed it. Her entire lower body was now pushed forward on the seat allowing my fingers freedom to wander, which is exactly what they did. They glided over her curly haired mound, down her front crack, over her clitoris and through the wet crevice below before gently probing her rear portal which quivered in appreciation. Her breathing faltered. 

"Please don't scream," I breathed jokingly into her ear as I stabbed three very stiff fingers in and out of her sopping hole. 

I felt her cum. Her vagina gripped my fingers and I felt the muscles inside her spasm as it oozed more fluid onto my hand and down her inner thigh. It pleased me that I had pleased her and for a minute or so she drifted silently away to another planet. I withdrew my hand slowly and held it beneath my nose to inhale her aroma.

Eventually she composed herself and said rather coyly," Why are some one else's fingers so much better that your own?" she paused,

"You said that in your fantasy you put more than your fingers in me - what could you mean?"

I grinned and put out my tongue then said lewdly, "In my fantasies I eat you until you cum and then I slide a very hard and very long cock deep inside your pussy from every conceivable position. You wouldn't believe how virile I am in my dreams."

She was still holding my cock tightly and squeezed it even harder as she replied, "I think I would."

It was very dark in our part of the dance floor and our table had been squashed into the corner furthest from the stage. However, we were quite alone since the tables around us had been vacated by occupants who were now either dancing or in the bar.

We had been sitting quietly enjoying each other's company when Paula suddenly said, in a most unconvincing way, " Oh! I think I've dropped my watch," and dropped to the floor, pretending to search for it. It left me rather taken aback but seconds later she was under the table, concealed by the drape of the oversized table cloth and kneeling between my legs, her hands tearing purposely at my trousers. 

She was being bold and reckless and I loved it. I edged forward on my seat and relaxed as she pulled down my pants to allow a long neglected and uncomfortably hard cock to spring forth eagerly. She continued to fumble with my shorts until my entire genitalia lay presented before her on a bed of crumpled clothing.

The first sensation I felt was from the tip of her tongue as it traced a moist line from my aching balls to the fully inflated tip of my penis and then played around and around the head and slit. Her soft lips encircled the bulbous end and her teeth chewed on it playfully. I lay back enjoying the experience, but then she engulfed three quarters of its entire length in her tight little mouth and I groaned out loud.

I had been sat, trying to look nonchalant, as if I was waiting for my partner to return from the loo or something, but it became increasing difficult to look cool and casual as the pleasure below increased in intensity.

She was holding my shaft tightly now with her hand and sucking each testicle into her mouth. This girl had graduated with honours from the Advanced Cocksucking Academy for sure. She took me again in her mouth and I knew that my time was almost up. I was now throbbing and thrusting into her wet mouth and, as my cock slid all the way into her, I felt her nose rub against my pubic hair and my cock slip into her throat.

I didn't know if she was a 'swallower' or not but I was about to find out as the first spurt of semen erupted and shot powerfully into her throat. She kept sucking strongly as my second and third ejaculations filled her mouth. When I had emptied my all into her and began to soften, she licked me clean while my pulse was slowing to a gallop, then she placed my cock back into my underwear and tugged on my jacket and asked, " Can I come out?"

"All clear," I answered breathlessly and she emerged from below the table saying, 

"I can't see it anywhere," for the benefit of anyone who might have been watching.

She seated herself again and I adjusted my clothing before leaning over to thank her. She grinned, raised her eyebrows and confirmed, "My pleasure." 

We had begun another drink when a middle-aged man in a dinner jacket approached the table,

"John James?" he asked.

"Yes!"

"Ah! We've had a call from your wife who asked me to give you a message."

"Yes?" I queried.

"Apparently, her sister's husband has left his tablets in Manchester and they are having to find an all-night chemist around here and don't know how long they will be. She said to carry on without them, but if they are not back by midnight can you get a cab?"

"OK, thanks for letting us know." 

The man nodded and left. 

Turning to Paula I asked, "Fancy a stroll?"

"Where to?"

"You'll see."

We left our darkened table and the ballroom and walked slowly across the thick pile of the carpet in the foyer, through a pair of double doors and along a corridor, lit by dim night-lights, that took us to the far end of the building. At the end we turned left and passed through another door into a large room that was illuminated only by the watery moonlight coming through the high placed windows. It was a gymnasium, available to members only. I took her hand and lead her to a large floor mat over in one corner.

"I thought you could do with a workout," I laughed, pulling her towards me and, for the first time, planting a soft kiss on her full warm lips. She tasted salty from my ejaculation and she responded passionately, letting her predatory tongue loose to hunt down my own. As we devoured each other I drew the zipper of her dress down into the middle of her back and, when it fell open, unhooked her bra.

I had been admiring her cleavage all evening but, as I pulled her dress and bra straps off her porcelain shoulders and let them fall to the floor, I saw for the first time, just how beautiful her body really was. Since the panties had been discarded a long time before, she now stood naked before me - almost glowing in the moonlight, her pale slim form giving her an ethereal quality. I unbuttoned my shirt and slipped out of my trousers, pants and socks in one movement and then slid to the floor to lie, naked and hopeful, on the mat.

"You look gorgeous," was all I could say as I held out a hand for her to join me. She took it and walked forward over me - coming to a halt with her long legs apart and her feet placed on either side of my head giving me a view to relish.

"You promised me a tongue if I remember correctly," she teased.

"And a tongue you shall have," I said pulling her down into a crouching position above my face. This brought that mass of soft dark curly hair within inches of my waiting tongue and by dropping forward onto her knees, she brought that wonderful feast right up to me.

I leaned forward, only a fraction, and pressed my mouth hard against her drenched pussy lips to fulfil the promise I had made earlier.

As I licked up and down that glistening sweatmeat, her hips quickly picked up the rhythm so that in no time at all she was doing all the work herself, rubbing the entire length of her pussy against my stiff tongue. I looked up across a lean, tight-muscled stomach to those splendid breasts as they bobbed up and down in time with her groin movements. When I reached up to cup them with my hands, she covered my hands with her own and indicated to me that she wished me to squeeze and pinch her nipples. 

The combination of my fingers on her nipples and my tongue in her pussy meant that it took a few short minutes for her hip movements to become ragged, more disjointed, and more urgent. She groaned and, taking hold of my head in both her hands, ground that dripping delicacy harder into my face until she came. 

It wasn't a gusher but I could feel the muscles in the wet walls of her vagina ripple repeatedly for several seconds before relaxing completely. Once her orgasm had subsided and the feeling of wellbeing overtook her, she slumped sideways and lay beside me, replete. 

Despite the activity, her body was cool and soft as it pressed against mine, adding to my own frustration. I was wound up like an eight-day clock spring. My cock was bobbing up and down with each beat of my heart as if it were connected to it with a string. It was vibrating with tension and waiting to be relieved.

We had lain for what seemed ages, stroking each other gently, when Paula said, "Two down, one to go!" and gone to her feet pulling me with her.

"I guess since it's a gym you will want to do press ups, will you?" nodding at my enormous erection.

"Actually I was thinking more of the Eaton Wall Game and turned her around to face the wall bars behind her. She laughed, "Like it doggy style do we?" and, grasping a bar about waist height bent forwards at the waist and parted her long legs. Moving behind her, I leaned over her and placed my cock between her legs, not inside her pussy, but along it so that its upper surface nestled between her lovely pouting lips like a hot dog in a roll. With my free hands I cupped each firm breast as it hung, swaying gently beneath her.

Once comfortable, I moved forwards and backwards in a copulating motion but, because the sensitive underside of my cock was not touching her, it was not increasing my own arousal. My intention was to arouse her so that I could make the sloppiest of entries into that molten pool. It did not take long, after only a few strokes I could feel the heat between her legs increase and with it, that excited woman aroma that Paula exuded when her juices started to flow - and flowing they now were. 

Sexual patience drained, she needed to take control, so she pulled herself forward and then quickly pushed back again and succeeded in burying a goodly portion of my length inside herself. Conceding defeat, I pushed the rest of my cock, hard into her until my pubic hair brushed her soft buttocks and I was completely engulfed within her moist velvet clamp.

I was fairly sure that I would not last very long; it had been a while since I had bathed Paula's lovely throat with cum and my sexual pressure valve was close to bursting. 

So too, it seemed, was Paula's judging by the way she was bucking back to meet my forward thrusts. 

I pinched her nipples one last time for luck and then grabbed her around the waist and, re-taking control, pulled her hard onto me. Her legs had parted more and bent slightly at the knee but she continued to writhe on my cock. She started to moan, softly at first and then louder. I was grunting on each forward thrust as I pounded into her, my balls were slapping against her and her pussy slurped as it lubricated our union. 

Finally a stiffening body, a long low groan and those twitching vaginal muscles again told me she had experienced another orgasm, so I gave two last, hard driving thrusts to end my own frustration and flooded her pulsating tunnel with hot semen. 

My legs buckled and my brain clouded over, but I was able to maintain my position for a few more moments before dropping to my knees, letting my rapidly softening cock slip noisily from within her. I planted two kisses on each of her lower cheeks before she turned, leant down and kissed me full on the lips. We collapsed onto the floor and then clung together for a final breathless cuddle.

By the time we returned to the ballroom, the band was playing its last tune of the night and there was no sign of our respective partners. A taxi it would have to be then!