 She loved to see his name in her email inbox because it meant he had been thinking of her so far away. They had met online in a chat room a few months ago and had relied on emails and phone calls to get to know one another. There were obstacles to overcome; he was married and living in England and she lived in Iowa. But there was a connection there that was undeniable. Their emails were filled with details about their lives and personalities as well as flirtations and outright sexuality. They enjoyed the sexual freedom they felt with each other and their phone calls often ended with orgasms. Doc was skilled at describing just what he wanted to do to her and Jules loved his accent and imagination. 

Finally the time had come for them to meet. Jules had purchased a ticket to London and they were going to meet at her hotel. Of course there was fear; and with each passing mile the fear increased. Would he be attracted to her? They had exchanged pictures but she still harbored a fear that he wouldn't want her. Would they have things to talk about or would their conversation be stilted and uncertain? So many questions and the answer would have to wait until they saw each other.

When Jules arrived at the hotel she was supposed to email Doc. But as she sat on the bed with her laptop in front of her, she hesitated. What if it was awful and all those months of desire and getting to know each other would be revealed as a waste of time? Jules finally summoned up the courage to let him know she was in London. He must have been waiting by his computer because his response was almost instantaneous. It was decided Doc would come to her hotel room at 9:00 that evening.

Jules hopped in the shower and got herself ready for her date. She took one last look in the mirror when she heard a soft knock on the door. She breathed deeply and tried to calm her nerves as she walked to the door. Her hand shook as she turned the knob. 

When the door swung open she saw Doc standing there looking sexy and fit. His silver hair was neatly groomed and the smile on his face immediately put her at ease.

"Hello, Darling!"

"Hey, Doc!"

He moved in close to her and kissed her on the cheek and she could detect his wonderful smell. Jules moved to the side and let him into the spacious room and he entered. They stood for a moment looking at each other and smiling. Her fears were gone; this was good.

Doc asked her if she was hungry and she emphatically nodded her head. She expected him to escort her to the hotel restaurant but he had other ideas.

"Why don't we call room service then, Darling?"

It was the perfect suggestion because it would allow them to be alone and really get to experience each other. They perused the menu and chose some food for each of them and he made the phone call to order the food. They sat on the bed to wait for the food and he reached out to touch her hand.

"You look pretty and I'm so glad you came to London."

It was a relief to hear him voice those words because she had been so worried about him being attracted to her. She was so relieved that she spontaneously kissed him on the lips. It was a move that startled both of them. He smiled and kissed her, his eyes twinkling.

There was a knock at the door and Doc got up to answer it. The waiter pushed the table into the room and Doc tipped him then closed the door behind him. They looked at the spread in front of them then looked at each other and smiled. This food was going to be eaten cold.

Doc pushed the table out of the way and approached Jules. They stood in the middle of the room kissing for the longest time. As they kissed she moved her tall body closer to his and she felt his hard cock straining at the fabric of his pants. She moaned involuntarily as she pressed her body closer to his.

It was getting heated between them but Jules pulled away and asked if she could turn out the lights. He agreed and they soon were in the dark together with only the low light coming in from the window.

"Can I undress you, Jules?"

She answered by turned her back to him so he would have access to the zipper on her dress. First he brushed her hair away from her neck and kissed her on the back of her neck. She moaned at the feeling of his soft lips on her sensitive skin. While he nuzzled her neck he slowly unzipped her dress. Doc slipped his hands under the fabric of her dress and it slowly fell to the floor. He kissed her back while he unhooked her bra then ran his hands all over her back, remembering that she told him how sensitive it is.

Jules was loving his hands all over her back and moaned to let him know. She slowly turned around and put her hands on his face and pulled him in softly for a kiss. The kisses turned more passionate and she ran her fingers through his hair. Doc put his hands on her shoulders and slowly caressed her skin down to her large breasts. As he carefully twisted her nipples she threw her head back and moaned a little louder. Her hands were running up and down his sides and his shirt was getting in the way.

She pulled away from his kiss and pulled his shirt off over his head. Then she reached down and unbuttoned and unzipped his pants. They fell to the floor and he stepped out of them. Doc slid his fingers under the lace material of her panties and slid them off her hips. She did the same to him and at the realization that they were finally standing there naked in front of each other, she giggled a little.

He ran his fingers through her hair and pulled her to him again. She could feel the wet tip of his cock pressed against her thigh. She took him by the hands and led him to the bed. They sat on the edge of the bed and kissed while their hands explored each other's bodies. He softly pushed her down on the bed on her back and lay down beside her.

Doc's hands were roaming all over her body and she was pulling on his nipples. She wanted him so much but didn't want to rush anything. She felt his mouth on her tits and she moaned loudly. He sucked on one tit while he twisted the other nipple between his fingertips. 

"Oh, baby, suck harder!"

He gladly complied with her command and sucked harder on her tit. Then he moved his mouth to her other breast and began sucking. Her pussy was dripping with wetness and she couldn't help but gyrate her hips in the air, lifting them off the bed. He sensed her need and began kissing down her belly wanting to reach her wet mound. Although there wasn't much light in the room, he could see her wetness glisten in her narrow patch of hair. He wanted her pussy; wanted to taste it and lick it and suck it.

He moved in between Jules's legs which she spread wide for him. Looking up at her he slowly lowered his mouth to her pussy mound and softly licked her pussy lips. The feeling of his tongue on her pussy caused her to take a deep breath and slightly lift her hips off the bed again.

"Don't tease me; I want your tongue inside me!"

With his fingers he carefully pulled her lips apart and licked up the length of her pussy. He continued to lick and suck on her lips and inside her lips. Knowing how sensitive her clit is he was very careful and just traced his tongue around it. She began running her fingers through his hair and slightly pushing him into her. Her hips were now bucking off the bed and she was twisting her own nipples.

He sensed she was close to cumming so he abruptly stopped what he was doing and moved up beside her and kissed her. She could taste her pussy on his mouth and it aroused her even more. Jules softly pushed Doc onto his back and began sucking on his nipples just as he had done to her. He was now moaning and wanting her to touch his raging hard cock.

She began kissing down his body but avoided his cock. He whimpered in disappointment. She smiled to herself and began licking his balls. As she licked she carefully sucked one then the other into her mouth, swirling her tongue around them as she lightly sucked on them. Then, finally, she released his balls and ran her tongue up his cock. She kept running her tongue up and down his cock on all sides getting it nice and wet. With the tip of her tongue she ran it under the ridge on his head then over his head and she tasted his pre-cum. It tasted so good she wanted more. She licked her hand and started stroking his cock as she sucked on his head then opened her mouth wide and took his entire big cock in her mouth. She continued to slide his cock in and out of her mouth, speeding up each time.

Finally, she could take it no longer; she had to fuck him and she had to do it now. She released his cock from her soft mouth and stretched out his legs so she could climb on top of him. But rather than slide his cock into her pussy, she slid it in between her pussy lips like a hot dog in a bun. She lowered herself onto him and moaned loudly as she felt her pussy lips wrap around his hard cock. Slowly she moved her hips forward and back, rubbing the head of his cock against her clit. It felt so good Jules could barely contain herself.

As good as it felt, she wanted him inside of her so she raised her hips and grabbed his cock with her hand and guided him inside of her pussy. Her pussy was so wet it slid in easily and they both moaned. She leaned over a little and put one of her tits in his mouth while she ground against his hips fucking him.

Doc was sucking hard on her nipple while Jules was bouncing up and down on his cock. She was so wet they could hear his cock sliding in and out of her.

"God, yes, fuck me Darling!"

"Oh, Doc, I want you to come inside me!"

At that moment he grabbed her hips and stopped her. She was puzzled but soon realized what he wanted. He rolled them over so that she was on the bed on her back. Doc grabbed her ankles and pushed them over her shoulders. His cock slid into her pussy a little farther and he began fucking her in earnest.

He continued to thrust his big cock into her pussy and she was loving the feeling of being full. She could feel his balls slapping against her ass as he fucked her. She couldn't hold back any longer.

"I'm going to cum! I'm going to cum all over your cock! Fuck me and cum inside me, Doc!"

Neither one of them could hold back any longer and they both came, him shortly after her. He released her ankles and lay down beside her, panting. She rolled over onto her side and hugged him close to her. All the fear she had about meeting Doc had been exorcised and all she felt was relief and desire for him.

"Now, who wants cold french fries?" Doc asked with a smile.