 "Hi," he whispered in her ear as he hugged her from behind. She smiled and leaned into him, slowly grinding her butt against his pelvis. 

"Hi," she whispered back, arching her neck so he could nuzzle it. 

"Mmmm, I missed you," he groaned, his hands cupping her breasts and squeezing them gently. She let her head drop back on his shoulder and enjoyed the desire building up slowly inside her. They had made love the entire night and most of the afternoon and yet she could feel his cock slowly hardening against her ass. She closed her eyes and imagined him standing behind her. Just a little taller than her 5'6" frame and lean. His cocoa brown skin flushed with desire. His hair curling around his neck. His gorgeous chocolate brown eyes closed, his full sensual lips curled in an inviting smile. 

"We're sick."

"Oh, indubitably," he licked her neck then suddenly turned her around to kiss her. 

"But then," she whispered, her knees buckling under her as his tongue leisurely licked her lips, from end to end, "we already knew that."

"Knew what?" he asked softly.

"That," she whispered as his hands roaming familiarly over her body, pausing at the indentation at her waist to explore the curve slowly. She had a typical Indian body. Wide hipped and full breasted with a small waist. He cupped her 36 C cup breasts in his hands and squeezed gently.

"And this?" he smiled teasingly and she closed her eyes as she turned her face up to him for a kiss, her lips parted slightly. He stared down at her. She looked exquisite to him. Smooth brown skin, glistening in the candlelight. Her lips, thin and parted slightly, waiting for his kiss. She opened her eyes slowly and he gazed into those clear brown orbs of desire and then slowly, bent his head. His lips touched hers and she sighed softly. He let his lips explore hers, his tongue sliding between them to plunge deep into her mouth. She made a sound low in her throat, her fingers tightening on his shoulders as they always did when he deepened his kiss. 

"No-one kisses like you," she panted lightly, the sound driving him wild. 

"I love your lips," he licked them again, tasting her. She tasted of wine and he deepened the kiss to taste her more intimately. She arched her back so that her breasts were pressed into his chest. Her hands roved all over his back, lightly raking it with her nails and he pushed her back till the backs of her knees touched the bed. She collapsed bonelessly onto the bed, with him on top of her, his thigh between her legs.

"Oh Ari," she moaned, as his mouth explored her neck, the hollow at the base of her neck, where he could always smell her perfume against the intense warmth of her skin. 

"God, I love your neck," he whispered and she writhed under him, her breasts rubbing against his chest, her thighs slowly, sinuously rubbing against his erection.

"You're beginning to sweat," she said, as she stared at his face while he licked the soft skin of her inner arms. His hair curled around his neck, damp with sweat. His eyes were closed, the lashes dark smudges against his skin, as his tongue traced a slow, erotic path from the top of her arm to just above her elbow. He looked at her then and she felt the jolt again. The one she always felt when they were like this, in bed together. Like a tongue was slowly, hotly lapping at her insides turning them to mush. And all because he looked at her like she was the only woman in the world he had ever wanted. She looked back at him, enjoying his gorgeous cocoa brown skin. Smooth and soft. She reached out to touch his face, slowly letting her hand drop down to his neck, then lower still to unbutton his shirt, one button at a time. 

"Wear a shirt the next time," the words came out at her from nowhere and she smiled, remembering that she used to say that to him when they were much younger and he used to wear t-shirts. Lying in bed at night fantasizing about removing his shirt slowly, she had told him on the phone to wear a shirt the next time. 

"What?" he asked with an answering smile.

"Oh, nothing, I just have these images of you in my head, you know. "

"Ahhhh," he said and then pulled her to him tight. 

"Yes," she smiled. 

"I really don't want to know," he said sexily and she smiled then flipped him back so she was on top of him. Arching an eyebrow, she sat up and slowly removed her t-shirt. Her breasts swelled above her white, lacy bra. He lazily cupped one breast and stroked the nipple through the lace. She lifted her arms above her head so that her breasts rose and her cleavage deepened. He arched an eyebrow and she arched one right back at him, then slowly moved her lower body, right above his cock. He sucked in a breath and thrust up to meet her. 

"Mmmmm, this feels good, doesn't it?" she said thoughtfully then moved to get off his body. "Good night, then"

"Don't you dare," he groaned, cupping her butt and settling her on top of his erection. She smiled at him alluringly and slowly, reached behind to unhook her bra. 

"Yes, the show begins," he remarked and settled back, arms behind his head. She laughed as she tossed the bra on the floor and bent over him, her breasts, full and inviting, her nipples taut and pouting, begging to be kissed. He stroked his thumb over her nipple and she moaned. 

"Yes."

"Yes," he agreed as he bent his head to her nipple to pull it into her mouth and suck it gently. Today was going to be slow, sexy. She ran her fingers through her hair, her head thrown back, her pelvis slowly grinding against his erection as he sucked her nipples. 

"Arya," she sighed and he smiled against her breast.

"What do you want me to do? Tell me what you want," he whispered in her ear before slowly tracing its shape with his tongue. 

"I want you to lick my nipples," she whispered in his ear, her breath hot and heavy against it. He obediently bent to her nipples and licked; just the tight buds of her nipples. Licked them slowly, back and forth with just a little pressure, which he knew drove her mad. 

"Now pinch my nipples between your thumb and forefinger," she gasped and he ran his fingers up her rib cage before settling on her nipples, moist from his kisses. She was beginning to sweat too. Her perfume mingled with her sweat and his smell, and he breathed in deeply, the scent irresistible to him.

"I love the way you smell when we fuck," he said casually, just as he exerted a little more pressure on her nipples than normal. She bucked on top of him, her pussy, sensitive now to all contact rubbing against his hard cock. He reached down and cupped her butt and said hotly in her ear "Calm down, we have all night. All night."

"All night," she repeated and then went on "to touch, and feel and suck and lick and of course …" she reached down to his pants to cup his erection "fuck."

"Mira," he moaned, her hot words hitting him intensely. He loved her sluttish ways in bed. 

"You aren't done yet," she said with soft aggression as she ran her fingers roughly through his hair tugging on it gently. "Kiss me... kiss me the way you want to fuck me. Hard and deep." He stared at her, stared deep into her eyes and roughly pulled her closer still to him, till her breasts rubbed against his half bared chest. His kiss was rough, passionate. His tongue plunged and withdrew, then plunged again, deeper the next time, sliding over hers. She made a muffled sound deep in her throat but he ignored it, as he kissed her exactly like he wanted to fuck her tonight. Hard, his tongue mating with hers. She opened her mouth to him, sucking gently on his tongue then moving her attention to his lower lip. She couldn't get enough of him. They'd been making love like this for years now, but the passion had still not waned, seemingly on either side. 

She withdrew slowly and panted, "Touch me. I want to feel your fingers sliding over my pussy." 

"Take your pajamas off," he whispered against her lips and she slithered out of them. 

"Now your panties," he ordered and she hooked her thumbs in the sides, slowly, really slowly, peeling them off her body, exposing her smooth, shaved pussy to him. 

"You are so beautiful," he said, his eyes hot and intent on her body and she smiled at him.

"I'm naked. You're not. There appears to be some inequality here," she said as she hooked her arms around him. 

"I like having you naked while I'm clothed. It's sexy to have a hot chick naked on my lap."

"Makes you feel like an Arab sheikh?"

"If that turns you on," he said knowingly and she giggled then.

"It does, but not … " she stopped then picked his hand up from her thigh where it was resting and slowly licked his fingers. " as much as having these fingers inside me."

"Like this?" he asked, biting her ear lobe as he gently rubbed her pussy. Lightly touched it, his fingers sliding over it with butterfly strokes, occasionally thrusting inside to feel her wetness wrap itself around them. "You're so wet," he said and she shuddered "You're so hot."

"I want to taste you," he said, his fingers deep in her pussy, his eyes locked with hers. She slid off his lap and lay down on the bed, spreading her legs wide. He settled between them, the contrast between his clothed body and her naked one hotter than ever, and gently touched his tongue to her cunt. She moaned and arched closer to his mouth. He blew on her clit and watched her struggle with the pleasure. 

"That feels good," she whispered and he blew on her clit again, before slowly lapping at it.

"And that?" he asked and she jerked her body up.

"That feels…. good too," she said faintly then moaned as his tongue pointed and slowly entered her pussy. "Oh my god!" she panted and bucked up.

"Like that?" he whispered and his hot breath against her pussy drove her mad. 

"Yessss," she hissed and slowly rotated her pelvis against his face. He flipped her over and settled her over his face. 

"Mmmm," he moaned as he licked her. He inhaled the musky smell of her, feeling her moist warmth on his face. 

She gave in to the sensations ripping through her body. The softly insistent tongue licking her. The hot breath caressing her pussy. She rocked back and forth feeling his tongue all over her hot spot. 

"I'm close," she whispered brokenly as another wave of pleasure hit her. She closed her eyes and imagined his face between her legs, drenched with her juices. He would smell of her, taste of her when he kissed her, his tongue deep in her mouth. The aura of sex was all around them and she breathed it in knowing that tomorrow when she was just another woman shopping for groceries, this moment of passion would make her clutch the handle of the cart convulsively, the memory of this smell would push her over the edge.

He sucked her clit with his lips, knowing it always pushed her over the edge. Gently, insistently, boldly. She arched her back and looked down at him, her hair falling over her face. His eyes met hers briefly and she felt her orgasm surge through her. She ran her fingers through her hair and over her breasts, touching herself as she came hard. He continued licking and she moaned to him to stop, climbing off him to lie on her side, panting. He looked at her then, with a casual air, entered her pussy with his fingers and wickedly smiling brought them to his lips and licked them. One by one. She reached down and unbuttoned his pants freeing his big, beautiful, thick cock, turgid with passion. He put his hand behind her head and gently pushed her mouth down. She settled between his legs and licked his inner thighs, her nails lightly raking over them. Her tongue pointed then licked his balls, gently, torturing him by not sucking them. 

"Please," he said softly and she smiled then took pity on him. She licked his balls with her tongue, pulling them into her mouth, sucking them gently till his thighs convulsed around her. She then diverted her attention to his cock. God, she loved that cock. Long and thick, jutting out from the mat of hair around his pelvis. Slowly, she pulled him into her mouth, then released him, then pulled him back in. Deeper inside. Her mouth pumped around his cock, gently sucking the head before releasing it. Her hand went around it, stroking it as her mouth sucked it in. The sensations were too much for him to bear. Tonight he wanted to fuck her but the way she was sucking him was so good he was tempted to give in and let her suck him off completely. He wanted to cum in her mouth, wanted to see his juice all over her lips. He looked down at her face; it always aroused him so much. She was sucking him deep inside and moaning as she took him in. The sight itself was enough to make him cum. He kicked his pants off then helped her remove his shirt.

"I want you on top of me. I want to see you cum today," he said roughly pulling her up so that her face was on level with his. 

She smiled then straddled him. Stroking his cock gently, she guided him into her pussy. As he slid deep inside her she sighed. "Oh yes," he whispered and closed his eyes, just enjoying the feeling of being inside her. 

Her back arched, her face dropped down into the hollow of his neck and she licked the base of his neck hotly. His hands cupped her ass cheeks and he ground himself up against her. They were moving together, she was soft and wet, he was hard and smooth. 

"Mira," he sighed and she looked up from his neck. Looked deep into his eyes. And smiled. He groaned softly then captured her lips with his own. His tongue entered her mouth then withdrew just as his cock entered her hot cunt and withdrew. She closed her eyes and let her mind be taken over by the passion. At times like these, she forgot where she was, forgot everything except the fact hat she was with him, he was inside her and she was experiencing sexual fulfillment unlike any she had ever known. She made a soft sound as he broke the kiss and let her face fall back into the hollow of his neck. His hands roved over her spine as she rode him. She looked up, then lifted her arms over her head. He massaged her breasts, pinching her nipples between his thumb and forefinger, then letting his hands go lower and lower to her hot pussy, fingering her as she moved closer and closer to her orgasm. 

"You're sweating," he whispered touching the indentation of her navel, watching her collarbones glisten in the dim light of the candles in the room. 

"So are you," she whispered then reached forward to lick the drop of sweat lazily meandering down the side of his face. He closed his eyes and enjoyed the feeling of her hot wetness around his cock. 

"I love fucking you," he sighed as he slowly increased the pressure of his upward thrusts and she met him halfway, grinding against him, her moans muffled against his neck as her orgasm came closer and closer. "The way your pussy wraps itself around my cock. You are so hot and so wet." She nipped his neck lightly then reached down to lightly cup his balls. He slid his hand up her thigh and cupped her butt hard. 

"Too bad you can't see my legs while you fuck me," she said conversationally then gasped as he thrust upward punishingly hard. "Yes, like that. Harder, fuck me harder."

"Like this?" he asked thrusting harder upwards pulling her down on top of him. She rotated her hips so that he could feel the walls of her pussy clasp him. "Yes, exactly like that. Fuck me. Ram your cock all the way in," she said squeezing her nipples.

"I'm going to cum," he whispered and she nodded her head to indicate she was close too. She felt the wave closer and closer. 

"Yes, fuck me, all the way," she sobbed as he thrust up hard shooting his full load deep inside in her. She moaned as she felt herself cum, shuddering with passion, her breasts bouncing as she rode him harder, her eyes closed as she concentrated on the hard cock between her legs. 

"I'm cumming," she moaned as his fingers went between them to finger her wet, sensitive pussy as she came. She collapsed on top of him, her sweat-drenched body sticking to his. He kissed her hard and smiled. The next time would be her standing, against a wall.