 Margie Gold wasn't feeling well all day. Nothing she could really identify, just queasiness in her abdominal area. She worked as an executive secretary in one of Chicago's most prestigious law firms. It was a particularly hectic day and she was glad it was almost over. It would take her about an hour to get home.

The law firm provided a wonderful health plan that included doctor house calls. She never knew which doctor would come, but they all seemed to be very efficient and knowledgeable. She decided to call from work.. No doubt she would get home before the doctor arrived.

Margie arrived home at 7PM. She immediately undressed her 24 year old 5' 6" curvaceous body, pulling her light green cashmere sweater over her head, past her 36B breasts, and her wavy blonde hair. Margie was very pretty, with a bronzed complexion from outdoor tanning supplemented by the tanning booth. She had deep intense blue eyes, 24" waist, and long curvy legs. When she wore a bikini all heads turned, men and women. She was not married.

She kicked off her high heel shoes, removed her bra, her charcoal grey plaid skirt, her pantyhose, she wore no panties, and slipped on a semi sheer white nightgown. As soon as she finished, the doorbell rang. She opened the door for the doctor. Standing there was a 6' tall extremely handsome man wearing a doctor's white shirt buttoned at the neck with a stethoscope wrapped around and tucked into the pocket. He had dark brown curly hair, very dark brown eyes and a medium tanned complexion. Black slacks and black shoes finished off the ensemble. His name tag said Bradley Corrigan, M.D.. He couldn't have been more than 30 years old.

Brad had examined many women, but Margie was the most stunning he had ever seen. Standing there in her white nightgown he could see the outline of her body, her perfect pointed breasts with pinkish nipples, curvy waist, hips, and legs all shadowy beneath the gown. Her eyes drew his gaze and he couldn't stop staring. Finally he said, "Hi, I'm Dr. Corrigan. I presume you're Miss Gold?".

Margie, also was transfixed. "Uh, yes, that's right" she said, "Come in Doctor".

Brad entered the house. "What seems to be the problem, Miss Gold?" he asked. She answered, "Call me Margie please. I just have a queasy feeling in my stomach. It might be something I ate, but I'm not sure. I want to be certain to cure whatever it is so I don't miss work. There's a lot going on right now". She led the doctor to her bedroom.

"OK Margie, have a seat on the bed and remove your gown so I can examine you" he ordered. She felt a little apprehensive, but after all he was the doctor. Off came the gown. There she sat, completely naked. Brad's heart was pounding. "Oh my god" he thought "I'm really glad I'm a doctor".

He placed his fingers strategically on the sides of her neck, under her jaw and felt around. Everything felt normal. He looked into her eyes using a flashlight and examined her ears. All seemed as it should be. "Open your mouth and say aahh" he instructed, as he inserted a tongue depressor and peered into Margie's mouth and down her throat. "A little redish" he observed, "but not terrible".

Now it was stethoscope time. He hooked the ear buds into his ears and placed the transmitter end on Margie's chest above her left breast. Her heart was beating more rapidly than normal. As he moved the stethoscope around her chest and deliberately brushed her nipple with his thumb her heart beat increased perceptibly. Or was that his heart he was hearing? Her left nipple hardened as he continued to brush it. He moved the stethoscope around. Margie flushed realizing that her heart beat and her nipple were betraying her feelings, but there was nothing she could really do about it.

Brad moved the stethoscope to her right side and listened all around her right breast. As he brushed her right nipple it also hardened and her heart continued to beat extremely rapidly. Nevertheless, except for the speed the beats were normal.

"Lie down on your back" he instructed, and she did. He now proceeded to check her breasts for lumps or other abnormalities. Placing his fingers on each breast he pressed down and moved them in small circular motions, including pressing on her nipples. Margie's juices were flowing. She could feel her vagina becoming moist. This had never happened to her before and she didn't know how to react. What could she do? She was hoping the doctor wouldn't notice.

Brad pressed her stomach and abdomen. "Tell me if it hurts" he said. "Ok" she responded, "it doesn't hurt".

He said, "turn over, now I'm going to take your temperature and check out your back, lungs and kidneys". She obediently turned over on her stomach. He put some KY jelly on his finger and rubbed it on her rectum, then he inserted a rectal thermometer. This is the first time she had her temperature taken rectally since she was very little, but somehow she didn't mind. As the thermometer slid in, she twitched ever so slightly. "Did that hurt?" Brad asked. "Not at all" she said as her whole body was getting hotter.

Brad too was getting hot. His penis was becoming erect and was beginning to throb. As he pressed on her back he was trying to think of a plan to trick Margie into having sex with him. He didn't know that she also was conniving similar plans.

He removed the thermometer and said, "Hmm you have a slight fever. Let's see if we can discover why". Margie knew why, but what could she say? He said turn over and bring your knees back as far as you can. She obeyed. He placed his left arm under her knees so he could hold them back while he examined her internally with his right hand.. He slipped two fingers into her vagina. He didn't need any lubricant because she was dripping wet. As he examined her she shuddered and writhed slightly trying to control herself. He prolonged the examination rubbing her G spot gently yet vigorously while simultaneously using his thumb to manipulate her clitoris. 

All of sudden she arched her back and reached an enormous orgasm. Brad loved it. Margie was very embarrassed. "Oh my goodness" she said, "I don't know what got over me. This has never happened before". "It's OK" Brad said, "it does happen occasionally. It's pretty normal".

"Just relax now as best you can, I'm going to examine you rectally now" he explained. He continued to hold her knees back while he slipped one finger into her rectum. It also was quite moist. He pushed in and moved it around. She was beginning to squirm again. He heard her say, "Oh no" as she arched her back and reached another strong orgasm. 

Brad was really enjoying this. He said, "Often if you swallow male hormones it will make you feel better and more in control. Open your mouth" he said, as he unzipped his pants and pulled out his throbbing erect penis. Margie complied because after all he was the doctor. His penis slipped into her mouth. He moved it in and out as she also helped, rubbing it with her tongue and pushing it completely into her mouth and down her throat. In just a few minutes he exploded with a torrent of cum going into her mouth and down her throat. She kept swallowing, thinking it would never end. Eventually the stream subsided. Brad said, "That should help cure you, but I have a few more cures I want to do just to be certain".

"Lie on your back, I want to do a tactile test" he said. She had no idea what he was talking about, but she did what he instructed. He pulled her legs sliding her toward the edge of the bed where her buttocks was near the edge and her feet were hanging over. He knelt down and placed her legs over his shoulders and his head between her legs. Then he began teasing her clitoris with his tongue.

It wasn't long before her pussy was dripping wet again and his cock was rock hard. He slipped his gorged cock into her burning pussy and fucked her like a madman. Her legs were still over his shoulders and now he was standing with knees bent as he pumped in and out. The bed shook, hell the room shook, and he exploded again synchronized with Margie's third major orgasm of the night.

Brad wasn't finished. While his cock was still hard, he shoved it into her ass, she screamed with pain and ecstasy. He yelled, " push against me" and she did and with her help he moved vigorously in and out for several minutes, until Margie felt her fourth orgasm coming. She arched her back and pressed into him hard as they both again simultaneously reached orgasm.

Margie lay naked on the bed, exhausted and exhilarated. Brad zipped his pants and said, "I think you're going to be fine. Be sure to ask for me next time you need a house call". "I think I'll be fine too, and I certainly will ask for, thanks for the cures" she agreed, as Doctor Brad Corrigan left the house.

Copyright Shore29 July, 2006