 My thanks to 6_2male for his assistance.

Dr. Walter Westin looked out at the Aspen snowfall as a genial tranquility enveloped him. He looked toward the bathroom where his wife was getting ready for bed. At least those had been her words, "I need to get ready for bed dear." There were so many different ways of interpreting her meaning.

Yes, those were her words...that's exactly what she said. She had said these very words to him many, many times during their thirteen-year marriage, but tonight they seem to portend so much more. Walter felt his body respond to the implication in his mind. This was a side of his wife he was not exactly familiar with.

Back in their busy work lives they had experienced far too many months where having sex even once within a month would have made it a good one. Walter stretched and laced his fingers together behind his head. A smile came to his face as he mused over the fact that they had already had sex twice since they'd arrived two days ago!

Fully erect Walter wondered what his wife was doing behind that closed door. He glanced at his watch...she'd been in there close to half an hour. Well, whatever she was up to, it was shaping up to be a great New Year's Eve. 

At least it was until "The Flight of the Valkyries" began to play on his cell phone.

"Shit!" That tune meant one thing; one of his patients was calling with an emergency. He picked up the phone, looked at the caller ID, sighed, stood up, and pressed Answer.

"Hello Valerie, Happy New Year."

"Oh Dr. Westin, thank God I finally got a hold of you. I can't do this Doctor, I just can't. I'm a miserable failure. No one will ever want me – I'm damaged goods."

"Whoa Valerie, slow down and take a deep breath and let's start a dialogue. We'll take turns speaking – okay?"

"Of course Doctor, I'm sorry Doctor. I can't end the year like this. I can't go on..."

"Yes, Valerie that much is clear. Now it's my turn. First, you aren't damaged goods. You are a wonderful woman who has had to deal with a very challenging situation. No wife wants to find out that her husband is cheating on her. No wife wants to find out by walking in and catching him in the act. And certainly, no woman wants to find out that the man in her life is, in fact, having sex with another man and then leaves her for that man. Those would be hard facts for any person deal with Valerie. Wouldn't you agree?"

"Yes doctor, you're right. You're right." Valerie took a deep breath and let it slowly out. "I am not the problem here. I am dealing with the problem here."

"Good, Valerie. Very good. Now – why specifically have you called me?"

"I have to confess Doctor. I have to tell you the truth. I've lied to you Dr. Westin. I never went on any of those dates I told you about. I haven't had sex, or even kissed a man since walking in on Stephen and that man. I've lied to you Dr. Westin. I've lied to myself. I am such a loser!"

"Not at all Valerie, not at all. Do you realize Valerie that you've just accomplished a tremendous breakthrough here? Most patients lie to themselves and their therapist; it's why so few make any real progress. Your acknowledgement of your deception is a very important step. You need to know that this is actually very good. I'm looking forward to continuing this progress with you when I return...from my vacation."

"But doctor, I haven't had sex in almost two years. I made a New Year's resolution last year to meet a man and have sex. There are only a few hours to go and I haven't even gone on a date!"

"Well, what about rescheduling that resolution for the coming year. It's the progress you're making not the timeline. That's what matters, Valerie."

"You don't understand, Dr. Westin. It's like a fire is raging inside me. I've been masturbating everyday, sometimes more then once. I have to have sex and I've made a decision." There was a long drawn out inhalation. "I've decided that I am going to go to the nearest bar and find a man, any man, who will have sex with me and I will go bar to bar until I find some man somewhere who will...who will...who will do it...to me."

"Valerie, I don't see that as a real step forward, do you? Having sex with a complete strange, what would your reaction be if a dear friend of yours said that to you?"

"I'd think she was crazy. Oh Dr. Westin, I am crazy aren't I?"

"You are not crazy Valerie. Let's try something different here; will you indulge me for a moment here? Okay, can you think of any other time in your life when might have made a decision similar to this? And by "this" I mean the decision to have sex with another man for the very first time?"

"You mean, like when I lost my virginity?"

"You didn't lose your virginity, Valerie. It was time for you to no longer 'be' a virgin – when you were ready and you were with someone you felt comfortable with, you took that step. Can you look at this situation in a similar way?

"Sure I can look doctor, but I have to do something. I feel like I'm about to explode inside. I NEED TO BE FUCKED RIGHT NOW!"

"Alright, alright. Valerie, I seem to recall that you've spoken before of a neighbor of yours. He's done some handyman things for you. Is that correct?"

"You mean Larry? He has an apartment just down the hall from mine. He's that really nice older guy, the one whose wife passed away a couple of years ago."

"Yes, Larry. You've described him as a very nice older man – someone you trust, is that true?"

"Yes, he's helped me a couple of times with little household emergencies."

"Wouldn't you characterize your intention to have sex with a complete stranger an emergency?"

"Well, yes I suppose so. OHMIGOD! You want me to have sex with Larry?"

"No Valerie, I didn't say that. I'm asking you to consider this is an emergency situation that Larry might be able to help you with."

"But he's so much older then I am. He must be...he must be..."

"Breathe Valerie, breathe. Take a breath, Valerie."

"Huhhhhhhhhh! I'm breathing, Dr. Westin, I'm breathing. Doctor, I've never seen him with any women. He's never talked about dating or even made a pass at me He does flirt with me though, I kind of like the way he flirts. What should I do? I don't know what to say? I've never done anything like this before."

"Valerie, go to his apartment and knock on the door. If he answers, tell him you have an emergency. Do this now, Valerie." Dr. Westin was actually hoping that Larry would not be home. Hopefully the act of seeking out a sexual partner might be enough to satisfy Valerie until tomorrow. Once New Years Eve was past, he was confident Valerie would be able to reevaluate her situation.

Dr. Westin waited silently as he heard a very long pause filled with breathing. Then he heard a door open, the sound of footsteps, a very deep breath, and a knock on a door. Though the man's voice was away from the phone, Walter could hear him clearly enough. 

"Hello Valerie...wow, look at you. Going to a New Years Eve party?" The tone of the voice was friendly and conversational.

"Oh...hi...Larry." Valerie replied. Dr. Westin noticed a change in Valerie's tone, a softer quality he had never heard before. "I'm talking to my therapist, Dr. Westin. He's in Aspen Colorado with his wife for the holidays. Dr. Westin, are you still there?"


"Why are you talking to your therapist?"

"Yes, Valerie I'm here. Tell him you have an emergency back at your apartment."

Dr. Westin listened as Valerie told Larry of her emergency and asked for his help. He heard Larry ask Valerie about the emergency as they returned to Valerie's apartment. There was a long pause in reply. He heard Larry ask again about the emergency, and another long pause. Dr. Westin silently urged Valerie to say something – anything.

"It's my wiring – I mean my plumbing!" Valerie almost shouted the words.

"Your wiring and your plumbing? Or is it just your plumbing. What's wrong with your plumbing, Valerie?"

"It hasn't been used in over two years." Valerie's voice sounded strained.

"What?"

Dr. Westin listened quietly as a long pause filled the strange conversation. In a voice just above a whisper he urged Valerie to tell Larry just exactly what she needed.

"Larry, I...I need...I need a man...I need you. I need you right now."

"Valerie, you're trembling. May I have the phone?"

Dr. Westin heard the phone being handled and wondered just where he's lost control of this situation tonight. He supposed it was when he took Valerie's call. He knew little about this Larry character, could he be trusted. Valerie seemed comfortable enough with him. He decided to trust Larry.

"Dr. Westin is it? Hi, my name is Larry McCormick and I'm a neighbor of...Valerie, what are you doing? If you need to get dressed for a party I can...Whoa, I think maybe I'd better be going..."

"No Larry, there's something I want to show you. There's something you need to see. I need you to tell me if it's alright. If I'm alright..."

"I'm seeing plenty right now. Oh my, you are one beautiful woman Valerie...wow." 

"Do you really think I'm beautiful Larry?"

"Doc, you still there?" Dr. Westin strained to hear the soft whisper. "She's naked! Valerie has taken off all her clothes. What should I do?"

Dr. Westin felt a momentary wave of panic. What if this went all wrong? What if something happened to Valerie? What if...? 

"Larry, I am Dr. Walter Westin. Valerie has been my patient and I have been treating her for over a year now. She is a wonderful woman as I'm sure you know. I can't tell you exactly what to do...there, in the situation that you're in right now. But I can tell you that Valerie needs something that only you can give her. I don't know if you understand the full extent of the situation with her ex-husband, but she could really use the intimate companionship of a man right now. I'm concerned if she is allowed to go out, she might do something drastic, possibly dangerous. She greatly requires a man right now.

"And I don't mean just to talk with; I can talk with her almost anytime. What she needs right now, I cannot, for professional reasons, provide her. Nor would my wife, for obvious marital reasons, be pleased if I personally took Valerie's therapy in the direction she needs right now.. 

"Valerie means a man to validate her as a woman; a desirable, sexual woman. She needs someone she trusts. She needs someone who respects her, and will be there for her in this very challenging time for her. If you are that man, then...well, I guess there is no need for me to tell you precisely what to do. 

Dr. Westin began to warm to the task at hand. Absentmindedly he began to stroke his own erection. "Now Larry, I'd like to offer you some suggestions regarding Valerie's needs and the direction you may need to take. First and foremost, if you chose to help Valerie in this manner it is incumbent upon you that you make every effort to she needs to be completely fulfill..."

Dr Westin paused as he heard muffled sounds of a phone being fumbled with.

"Dr. Westin, Valerie here. I'm getting – ohhhh - all the fulfilling I – oh God – I need right now – oh Larry, Stephen never did – OHHHHH!"

The bathroom door open and Dr. Westin's wife stood backlit before him. She looked at the phone in one hand and his erect cock in the other. Realizing just what she was seeing he shrugged in apology, released his cock, and mouthed silently, "It's a patient."

She turned off the bathroom light and crossed the room to the bed.

Dr. Westin felt his wife pull his phone away from his ear. The sounds of Valerie's growing pleasure filled the room. She looked at her husband with arching brows and no small degree of skepticism.

"Oh yes Larry, don't stop. God, please don't stop. Yes! YES! Oh that is so good, so deep..." The slap of skin on skin boomed from the tiny speaker. The rhythm and volume of the sounds increased with the moaning groans of panting breath.

"Oh Larry...Oh Valerie!" Then silence.

Dr. Westin watched as his wife placed his phone on the table beside the bed. He finally noticed that she was wearing a diaphanous silk slip that he had never seen before. Her hard nipples dented the material as he brushed his fingertips across the underside of her breasts.

"Well Doctor, it looks like you've solved one woman's sexual problem tonight. Think you got enough in you to solve my problem?" She stood beside the bed and pushed the thin straps off her shoulders. She reached behind her back. As the zipper was pulled down the upper part of the slip release and fell away from her breasts. She lifted her left foot and held it in front of her husband. She began to speak like a little schoolgirl.

"I have a real bad problem with my big toe. Can you kiss it and make it better? Mmmmm, that's helping a little." She reluctantly pulled her foot away and brought the other up. "Maybe you need to do the same with this toe."

"Actually Doctor, now that I think about it. I think the problem is between my toes." She pushed her slip over her hips and let it fall to the floor. "Can you kiss it and make it better?"

Dr. Walter Westin gazed in wonder at the flawless vision of white before him. So that's what she was doing in there all this time. He had never seen his wife smooth; the effect was stunning to say the least. Uncomfortably arousing to be quite frank. He couldn't help but wish she had somehow managed to put together a semblance of a Catholic schoolgirl uniform. That would have been, well maybe that would have been too much.

His wife smiled at his lust filled visage. She pushed him back onto the bed and, gripping the headboard, straddled his face.

"Now, I want soft, slow, circular licks; clockwise and counter clockwise. Fingertips feather light, up and down along the crack of my ass. Make me cum twice Walter and I'll blow you in the morning. Think of this as Doctor's orders."