 I work at a medical practice. We were getting a new doctor this week. He was the main doctor's son. His name was Josh and he was around thirty years old. All the women at the office were getting all worked up. He certainly was a handsome man. He was tall and had dark hair. I caught myself looking at him more than a few times.

Doctor Josh was barely here a few weeks when he called me aside one day.

"Kim, would you you like to go out for dinner some night?"

I said that I couldn't. Seeing other people in our office was frowned upon.

"Don't worry about my Dad. I'm a big boy now," he told me.

I didn't want to start off on the wrong footing with Josh and I was sure was attracted to him. I asked him if I could think about it. He told me to take my time. He didn't force me into saying yes right then. I went home that night and got out of my clothes. I started thinking about the new doctor. I was thirty-six at the time. Why did he want to asked me out?

I had been divorced for a couple of years. I didn't have any men in my life. I got onto the bed and began to finger myself. I wondered what the new doctor looked like naked. I pictured him having this big cock. I pushed two fingers into my pussy. I was so horny these days. I pulled my fingers out and played with my clit. I got so worked up that I actually squirted all over my fingers.

The next day I told Doctor Josh that I would go out with him. He asked if Friday night would be good. I said that would be fine. Josh came and picked me up. He was driving this nice car. He took me to a fancy restaurant and wined and dined me. Afterwards he drove me back to my apartment. I got up up the courage to invite him in. Once we got inside, Doctor Josh was all over me.

I didn't stop his advances. He was kissing me and using his hands to touch me outside the top I was wearing. Damn, I have to admit it, I wanted him badly. We somehow made it back to my bedroom. We both got undressed and made it onto the bed. I was right. Josh was well hung. I wish I could have measured him. He had to be nearly eight inches in length and he has this large mushroom head.

Josh pulled my legs apart and he lowered his face. He lapped at my pussy until I had an orgasm. I was already crazy for sex and we had barely started. Josh got onto his knees and took hold of his cock. He was already half hard. He spanked my opening with his dick. I thought he wanted me to beg for it. It never came to that.

He started pushing his shaft into my pussy. I let out this scream as he worked his way into my hole. He got all the way into me. I felt his balls resting against my ass. That was when he filled me up with his long cock. I got my legs wrapped around his back. I held on as he fucked me as hard as he could. 

I hadn't been with a man in a long time. I felt so tight as he managed to stretch my hole. Josh lowered his face and sucked on both my nipples. I always loved that sort of love play. He also circled his thick rod around inside me. I started having these small orgasms. The young doctor knew exactly how to turn me on. 

"The moment I first saw you, I knew I had to have you," he told me.

I didn't tell him how I masturbated while thinking of him. I hadn't been used like this in a long time. My body was shaking as he went as deep as he could. It felt like his dick was deep in my belly. I squeezed his cock with my muscles. We went at if for what seemed like hours. I knew that wasn't the case but he took me and used my pussy that night. Eventually I felt Josh's body tense up. He grunted a few times and then shot his hot seed into me.

I know I screamed as I milked his prick with my muscles. All I can tell you was that he was full of his thick cum. It seemed like he squirted for many long minutes. When he was finally done, he rested his cock inside me. Josh told me he liked full figured women. He couldn't wait to get me into bed with him. Josh stayed the night. In the morning we repeated our lovemaking.

I took his long cock into my mouth and made him hard. After that I mounted my doctor lover. I rode his fat cock that morning. Josh was pulling on my asscheeks as I bobbed up and down his hard rod. He might have turned me on even more than the night before. Especially when he moved his hands to my big tits. He squeezed and pinched my nipples. Josh knew how to push all the right buttons. 

We both orgasmed at the same time. Somehow Josh had more of his hot cream to give me. I made sure I got ever drop from his long cock. The bad part was that Josh couldn't stay with me. He said he had things to do the rest of that weekend. I was sad to see him go. I wanted to tell him how much I still needed him fucking me.

The next weeks were tough. We had to be low key at the office. The bad part was when Josh's Dad caught wind of our love affair. Josh said that he told his father that his personal life was none of his business. I didn't want to get in the middle of all that. Luckily, things cooled down between father and son. Josh's father told him to keep things low key if he had to be dating the staff.

That is what we tried to do. I was usually in Josh's bed a couple of times a week. I found out that I loved the feel of a large cock inside me. Josh would take me in so many positions. He particularly liked when I was on all fours. He pulled my hips up and then entered me from behind. Sometimes he was like a wild man. He would pull on my long hair as he fucked my wet pussy. I would often beg for it in that position. 

"You like it when I fuck you this way, don't you Kim?"

I would tell him not to pull out. I needed his fat prick inside my pussy. I sometimes think that we both had the biggest orgasms that way. I loved that Josh always seemed to have a large load of semen to give me. I could feel the heat of his load as he repeatedly exploded inside me. Josh told me he wanted me more than just fucking on the side. 

Josh bought me an engagement ring. That seemed to satisfy his father somewhat. We have now moved in together. I worry that I'm a few years older than Josh. I don't want him to get tired of me down the road. The good thing is that we fuck like crazy. When I feel his enormous cock in my pussy I just go wild at times. I just want him to pound me until I can't anymore of his cock.

Sometimes waiting for the end of the day is too much. We have done a few stupid things. At lunch we have driven to a secluded place not far from the office. I will suck on his bone until he blows a thick load down my throat. I hope we never get caught, but we are always so horny. Josh wants to go to this same place and fuck someday. I tell him to wait until we get home. It's just too risky. 

Don't get me wrong. The thought of being taken like that outdoors is a turn-on. I just don't want to get caught. Sucking his cock is bad enough. Josh is also making noises about marriage and then having a family. I never thought I would make a good mother. Josh keeps telling me he wants to see me with a big belly.

I have to admit that my doctor lover breeding me with his seed is getting to me. I guess I have to be patient and see how it all develops.