 Much thanks to LaRascasse for taking the time to read and edit my story I really appreciate it. I hope you guys enjoy this short and sweet little story.

Much Love,

MixedChick 

*

"Goodbye," I haphazardly called to my wife. I grabbed my car keys and looked back in Lauren's direction. As usual, I received no response. I closed the front door to the house that I had lived in for 16 years and the unhappy marriage I've been waiting to get out of for 6 years.

Lauren and I had an understanding that until Ethan, our youngest, goes to college we would stay together. Afterwards, we planned on selling the house, splitting everything down the middle, then going our separate ways. Until then, I say goodbye and leave in the same Toyota Camry that I've had since 2008; on my way to bury myself in the same work I've been doing for 10 years.

As I drive I look around at all of the younger people running, walking their dogs, and pushing baby strollers. It seemed surreal that at one point I had been that age. Now, here I am, in my late forties, and I have established a routine that suits me: gym four days a week, work five; church, football,and family dinner on Sundays. It may seem mundane for now as I wait for my youngest to finish his Junior year. 

However, I imagine the life I will have free of the miserable existence burdened by both Lauren and I and it gives me a spark of hope to not die too soon. I drove up to my office and parked in the spot labeled Dr. Hugen. Reflecting on years that have passed long ago, as well as time yet to be spent changed how the day felt. It seemed as though

I have been standing still in a moving picture. 

Nothing ever changes. The sunlight casts a daily shadow off the side of the old, washed out, small building I had turned into my practice 10 years ago, with dreams of being the next Dr. Phil. As I walked to my office, I started to think of the ambition I'd once possessed when I was younger; dreams of truly changing lives, and understanding other people's perspective on things.

"Good Morning, Dr. Hugen," came the petite voice of my assistant as I walked through the glass door that held all of the dust particles each gust of wind carried. I blew off a streak of dirt on my sleeve and looked up at Sarah.

"Morning, Sarah. How was your weekend?"

Sarah's bright red lips parted to reveal her slightly yellowed teeth from the Marlboros she

smoked. She was older than me by a couple years but looked as if she could be my own

mother. Time had worn her to her knees and I was happy to give her a small spot in my small world when she had asked for a position.

"It was nice. Criminal Minds reruns played all weekend on television and you know how much I love Hotch."

I shook my head and gave a small chuckle," Anything new and exciting today?"

This remained an old inside joke between us. Sarah and I both knew our clientele, were always the same people. Most days are spent listening to housewives, some older than me, but most my age, who have lost happiness, hope, and ultimately faith in their husbands. 

They tell me how they were young once; how they too wanted to see and do more than keep a house and watch children. It used to make me sympathize with how my wife felt but at some point, I just didn't care anymore.

"Actually, Dr. Hugen," Sarah said with slight hesitation in her voice.

My eyebrows rose, "Yes, Sarah."

"Mrs. Walters canceled for today."

I almost thought I had heard her wrong.

"Oh good, my morning is free," this thought was surprisingly unfamiliar, and I searched my memories for the last time that Mrs. Walters had canceled and couldn't seem to find one.

"Actually Dr. Hugen, she was replaced with another client. She had just so happened to call right after Mrs. Walters canceled. She said she needed a male perspective on her life."

"When does she come in?"

"She's here Dr.," Sarah leaned towards me beckoning me to come closer to her. I bent down, "And she's a little cutie, Mr. Hugen. Remember you have a wife at home."

I straightened my back and shook my head waving Sarah's statement off.

"You see how old I am, Sarah?"

"Stop it, you're handsome," she chuckled and went back to playing MineSweeper on her

computer.

I continue shaking my head as I walk down the short hallway towards my office. There would be no way a young woman would be interested in me. Sure I kept myself fit by going to the gym but my hair was graying rapidly and I was still showing signs of age. Wrinkles along my smile and crows feet around my eyes.

The old steel chairs that sat outside my office were empty and for a brief moment I thought Sarah might have just been playing a small trick on me. I opened the door and walked into my office.

"Good morning, Dr. Hugen," she sprang up with almost a bounce off the couch and reached out to shake my hand.

"Good morning Ms..."

"Oh call me Gigi," a large smile spread across her face as we shook hands.

Gigi was about 5'4 at the most, with golden brown eyes and curly hair that fell down her back and matched the toffee color of her skin. I was tall compared to her and she looked to be about 21. Her lips were full and plump and decorated with a small hint of lip gloss. Without trying to be obvious I looked down. Her breasts seemed to be about a C cup but were perky and strained against the small spaghetti strap shirt she was wearing which stopped just below her breasts. The tank revealed a toned stomach that was decorated with a small diamond piercing in her navel. Gigi's skirt hugged her thick thighs and large bottom and went to just above her knees.

"Please have a seat," I gestured towards the chair in front of my desk. But she opted for the couch again.

"Well Gigi, what did you want to talk about?" I hung my coat up and placed my briefcase by the desk. Then I moved towards the coffee machine. Even though she had not yet responded to my question I felt her eyes burning into my back. I ignored the urge to make coffee and turned towards her. Gigi had laid on her stomach on the couch her legs were bent at the knees and crossed at the ankles in the air. She balanced her head on both of her palms as her fingers cupped her round face.

"I just have some stuff to get off my chest," Gigi finally responded. A smile curves the edges of her plump lips and caused a single dimple to appear on her left cheek. Her golden brown eyes seemed to look through me and begin a steady path down my body. I watched her as she stared almost hungrily at me resting her gaze on my cock. I cleared my throat and moved to sit behind my desk as I tried to hide the semi erection her look just gave me. She is curvy in all the right places and her breasts were like soft pillows pressed against the sofa. 

Quickly I chastise myself for thinking of a patient in a sexual way. My mind struggled to find the last time I touched my wife. It was when wewere happy when we truly wanted to be with each other.

I smile, "Well I'm all ears, Gigi."

Her smile grew in response to mine and she sat up on the couch this time tucking her feet underneath her butt. I imagine what it was like to squeeze her ass and then smack it.

"Well, Dr. Hugen. What do you think about sex? Do you like it?"

Her question took me off guard and I blinked hard wondering if she read my mind. I sat up a little in my chair, "Well I think most adults enjoy sex." I answered carefully. Then I realized I might be discussing sex with a minor.

"How old are you?" I asked

"Oh I'm 22," she giggled and winked at me "Trust me, I'm a big girl."

I watched her lips more than I should have, kind of relieved she wasn't 15.

"See it's just," she continued and stared past me, "Everyone wants a boyfriend or a

monogamous relationship like that's all there is to life."

"And that isn't what you want?" I ask.

"Well you're married," Gigi nodded towards my left hand and I looked down at my fading wedding band, "Do you like it?"

Gigi pushed up from the couch and walked towards my desk. I watched her hips sway slowly in the tight baby blue skirt she was wearing. Then I looked up to her eyes intent on me waiting for ananswer.

"There's ups and downs to marriage as there are with many avenues of life," I said in my

most professional voice. "I wouldn't let that discourage you from trying to find a life partner."

"It's not the ups and down's that discourage me," Gigi sighed, "See while everyone's trying to

settle down and find their soulmate I'm going around with an insatiable addiction."

She finally sat down in the chair across from my desk looking at me intently and leaning forward on the table top. Her breasts were pushed up and straining to be held by the thin straps of her top and I struggled to look away.

"Um what's that addiction?" I looked at the clock on the wall and realized it has been only 15 minutes.

I shifted as my erection grew larger hoping she couldn't see it.

She bit her lip and leaned closer to the desk almost as if she was going to tell me a secret.

"I'm addicted to men," she whispered and my dick damn near jumped out of my pants.

"I love to get fucked and make men cum all over me and I can't settle on just one. Like for instance," her voice lowered causing me to lean in to hear her, "Right now all that's going through my head is you throwing me on this desk and putting your dick deep inside me. I think I'm a nymphomaniac."

My breath was gone and my dick was so hard I could feel the blood pulsing through it. She was closer to me now her eyes on fire and searching mine for a response. How should I respond? I was a married man even though that's down the toilet. I could go to jail for fucking a patient no matter how hot or willing she was. I looked towards the clock and watch as the second hand slowly ticks out one more minute.

"Umm I uh don't think that's wrong per say... You know to be a nymphomaniac, though I wouldn't self diagnose."

Gigi stood up from the chair and rounds the corner of my desk, "Since I've been in here you've been looking at my breasts and ass, haven't you Dr. Hugen?"

"And I...I apologize for that," I looked into her brown eyes, only then did I notice she was

shamelessly looking at my erection. I could feel my face go red as she sat on the corner of my desk.

"Do you umm mind going back to your chair?" my voice was hoarse as I hadn't been in a situation like this ever.

"Do you remember my question?" she asked her voice was lower, huskier , sexier, "About sex?"

"Yes," I cleared my throat again. Her hand begins to slide up her thigh and I watch the path it travels with wide curious eyes. It slowly moves up her thigh and under her skirt. My jaw dropped watching as this beautiful young lady begins openly masturbating in front of me.

She looks at me and winks then closes her eyes throwing her head back she begins rocking hard against her hand. I watch paralyzed, fascinated, and hard as hell.

When she looks back at me her eyes are glazed over with lust.

"Can you help me, doc?"

Without hesitation my hand laid on her thigh it seemed as if I wasn't in control anymore. The hand she wasn't using gently laid on top of mine and she spread her legs farther apart, inching the tight skirt higher onto her thighs. Her sweet aroma fills my nostrils and my mouth waters.

Suddenly, I remembered she was my patient and try to pull my hand away. Gigi lets my hand fall away and pokes out her bottom lip, pouting at me. Her fingers continue beneath her skirt and she looked down at my erection.

My cock was straining to get out of my pants and into her and I moved my hand to rest against her thigh.

"Please just touch me. I'll go away if you want me too, just please." She breathed and I could tell she had herself pretty close to cumming without my aid but nonetheless I let my hand slip under her skirt and slide up her thigh. Her juices covered my fingers before I even had a chance to thrust them inside of her. I found her clit easily and began rubbing my thumb against it and flicking it with my finger. 

She moaned, grinding against my hand."Yes, doc, mmm," Gigi groaned grinding harder. I grab her legs and spread her thighs apart wheeling my chair so that I'm sitting between them. Her aroma was strong and I lifted her skirt to see her pussy. It was gorgeous, soft and clean shaved with fat lips and soft pink labia dripping her sweet juices. I bent my head sliding my tongue softly along the slit of her lips. She shuddered

and braced herself with both hands. I delved my tongue inside tasting her sweet juice and exploring her pretty pussy. Her clit is large and swollen and I suck it into my mouth running my tongue over it and causing her to grind against my face.

"Oh gosh, Doc," She moaned and pushed against me I let her clit go swirling my tongue over it a couple of times then licked down towards her hole. Gigi's words are inaudible as I circle my tongue around her deep entry lapping up her thick juices. I thrust my tongue inside and tasted her hidden treasure, a high pitched squeal came from her and her legs shook around my head. One of her hands was in my hair guiding my head as I darted my tongue in and out of her. I sped up and then slowed down licking the tight rim of her hole. I used one of my hands to lift her hips higher into my face while the other moves back to her clit rubbing and pinching while I fucked her with my tongue.

Gigi cried out and then her juices flow as she cums hard on my face. I lapped her up and then stood up between her thighs pushing her back on the desk and knocking off the picture of my wife and I.

I slid my index finger into her wet pussy and by God it was so tight it squeezed my finger.

With my other hand I release my erection as my trousers were now painfully pushing against it. Her eyes widened when she saw my 9 inch girth and she bit her bottom lip. I thrust another finger inside of her and pushed them deep finding the ever elusive g spot and pressed causing a high pitched squeal to come from Gigi. I didn't stop fucking her g spot and clit with my fingers, her cries of pleasure were loud and rapid as I felt her pussy clench my fingers and her ride them to another orgasm.

"My turn," I growled with a voice more demanding than I ever thought possible. I grabbed her thighs pushing her legs up towards her head. She was still coming down from her orgasm as i pushed my dick deep inside her. I almost came right there, her pussy was still clenching from the orgasm she just had, and much tighter than my wife's. I groaned deeply and pulled out. She lifted her hips in protest. Without hesitation, I thrust deep inside her again.

"Oh yes fuck me," she moaned almost inaudibly. My pace picked up as i stroked deep inside her. I felt her walls holding onto my dick as my tip touched her cervix. She screamed and I pushed harder filling her balls deep. 

My hand found her clit and began rubbing it again which she rejoiced grinding harder on me and taking my sack in her hands to massage. I clenched my teeth trying to last longer than my dick wanted to. I pushed deeper feeling all I could feel while I was inside of her.

"Oh fuck please please please." She repeated the word mindlessly caught in pleasure and I pulled her hips forward to hang off the desk and arch her back more. Animal like grunts came from me as this new position allowed me to fill her deeper than i thought i could go. Her pussy clenched and gripped at my length as i thrust inside her. I felt my orgasm rapidly approaching and looked down at her face.

Her golden eyes were glossed over with ecstasy her mouth in a tight O. Each hand ran over my back clawing my skin and possessing me. I lifted her off of the desk using my hands to support her back I rammed into her. Gigi's head bounced tentatively which each forceful stroke of my cock as she struggled to hold on for the ride. I dig my fingers into her back and pull her chest up to mine. 

"Fuck! You're hot," I grunted. She screamed one last time as her orgasm washed over her causing her juices to cover both of us. I thrust one last time, filling her tight pussy with my seed then we collapsed on top of her on the desk. Our breathing was heavy and hoarse and, for a second, all that could be heard in the office. She brought a hand up to my back and gently started tracing her fingers along spine.

"That was...incredible," she mumbled breathlessly.

I heard loud knocking on the door. "Mr. Hugen, is everything alright?" Sarah's voice called from the other side. "Your next appointment is here."