 I had noticed him and the Doberman on evening walks. We set out around the same time and usually nodded or even smiled at each other when we passed. It was the Doberman that had caught my interest at first. He was quite a magnificent animal and because of Patra, I took a very keen interest in him. Patra was my darling canine companion. And when it was time for Patra to get a mate, I naturally thought of him.

I knew where he lived; I'd seen him turn into the little gate many times. Entering the small yard, I looked around for the Doberman. When nothing came tearing down towards me, I tentatively advanced to the front door and rang the bell. A harsh buzz sounded inside, I could hear him moving around and coming to the door. He opened it and his steamy gaze caressed me from head to toe. Returning his look, I took him in for the first time. He looked so… male. Why hadn't I noticed him properly before? A familiar stirring in the pit of my stomach caught my attention for a moment. Staring at him, I almost forgot what I had come here for. 

His soft "Hi" brought me back to reality. His small smile very nearly sent me back into oblivion. With a little effort I got myself in order and followed him inside. Denim-covered buttocks, the tight fit revealing their firm shape. How would it feel to have my hands there, grabbing them, feeling their tautness beneath my supple hands, kneading them? God, I really couldn't believe I was lusting after him in our first meeting!

Sternly pulling myself together, I hoped he wasn't a mind reader. With a private smile, I cleared my throat and plunged into my reason for coming. 

"Patra, I mean, my - my Doberman, well, she's in heat and I wondered if you would lend your dog…," I trailed off in embarrassment. I was stuttering like an oversexed teenager! What was wrong with me? It wasn't as if this was the first time I had gone to acquire a mate for Patra. 

"Sure, next three days… in the evenings… let's say, around seven?" he asked in a sexy voice which sent shivers down my spine. Blushing, like he'd agreed for sex between us instead of the dogs, I nodded and made my escape.

All of the next day I was foolishly thinking of him, which just served to stimulate my anticipation. At six-thirty I had butterflies in my stomach and I was plotting various scenes in my head, all ending with me seducing him. His superb physique kept flashing in my mind, naked… my imagination filling up the areas I had not seen and building them up according to my own fantasies. Needless to say, I was quite aroused by the time I was ready to go.

The look on his face when he opened the door was very flattering. He leisurely ran his eyes over my svelte figure, making me feel all warm inside. He was wearing a tight fitting shirt that showed off his bulging muscles and hip hugging jeans. Did he have to incite my already overworked imagination? Afraid that he'd guess the direction into which my thoughts were going, I quickly glanced down at Patra. He took the hint and moved aside to let us in.

Leading Patra inside, we let her loose in the backyard. His Doberman came running and she took off with him. We went back to the living room and sat down, facing the floor-to-ceiling windows that looked onto the backyard. It was a mistake. After about five minutes of introductory conversation the dogs came back and started doing it right there, in front of us. The coupling was beautifully framed by the huge glass window. This was the final straw. I could no longer keep up the pretence at normalcy.

Openly ogling now, I couldn't stop looking at them. My body was visibly getting aroused looking at the dogs having sex, and I knew that he was watching me. Still, I couldn't look away. The Doberman sniffed Patra's cunt and started licking it. I saw his red member protrude between his legs and he climbed on top of Patra and started to push it inside her. My gaze was fixed on the animals' display of raw sex and I heard a soft moan. I realized that the sound had come from me, surprising me. My breasts were swollen, the nipples hard, my pussy wet and dripping.

I heard him get up and come towards me, yet I couldn't look away. I was mesmerized by the frenzied thrusts the Doberman was now making and Patra's little whimpers. He took my hand and led me closer to the glass window. We were standing just about three feet away from the fucking dogs. Standing behind me, he folded his arms around me and cupped my tender breasts. He started to massage them slowly. I was already on fire and I could feel his hands working on me with each nerve ending. He unbuttoned my blouse and slipped his hands inside. Pushing up my bra, he squeezed my naked breasts making me moan in ecstasy. 

"Hmmm… you like that, huh?" he whispered in my ear. I could only mumble incoherently. 

He placed one hand against my abdomen and pressed his crotch into my buttocks. I felt his hard penis push into their softness. His other hand was playing with my nipple. His mouth was biting my earlobe, his groin moving against my rounded ass. 

The dogs had finished their display and were now out-of-sight. Quickly, he turned me and backed me up against the glass. He lifted the front of my skirt and I held my legs apart for him. Placing his hand on my soaking panties, he cupped my mound and started rubbing me through the sticky, wet material. I joined him, moving against his hand, pushing my wet cunt onto his hard hand. 

I realized I wanted to touch him too. Reaching for the snap of his jeans, I opened it, slid his zipper down in a rush and pushed my hands inside. I felt his bulge through his shorts and pressed my hand against it. He growled something unintelligible and slipped his hand inside my panties. Shifting myself and opening my legs wider to give him the space he needed, I continued grinding into his hand. One finger slid down my slit, into my dripping hole and his thumb was on my throbbing clit. He moved his thumb, I bucked against him and he chuckled. Suddenly, he pulled his hand out and moved away from me. 

I was bewildered until I realized he wanted to get more comfortable. Dragging me to the couch, he pushed me down and knelt down in front of me, between my open legs. My panties were done away with as he too shed his clothes quickly. I lay my head back and felt him start to nuzzle my clit with his nose. He pressed his mouth to my wet cunt and licked the juices flowing out. I had my hands on my breasts; pressing, tugging, squeezing. Then he pulled me onto the floor, on top of the rough carpet and entered me in a rush.

At his first thrust, I raised my hips and his cock was buried into me up to his balls. As I concentrated on the wonderful feeling of a hard cock moving in my cunt, I heard him moaning soft words to me. His hard pelvic bone brushed against my clit from time to time making me jerk uncontrollably. My hands were on his firm buttocks and I could feel his muscles relaxing and stiffening with the effort of moving. My wet pussy made slurping noises as he buried into me again and again. We were in an incredible hurry to fuck and he set up a hard and fast pace that left me out of breath, panting like the dogs. 

It wasn't long before I had my first shuddering orgasm. A few seconds of a huge spasm with my vagina clenching on his hard cock. My body tensed, unmoving for a moment before I was plunged headlong into the ecstasy. Held in one giant spasm, I writhed and thrashed about, dirty words spewing forth from between my clenched teeth. Finally it began to wane and I slumped back onto the carpet, worn but still ready for more. He let me rest for a few moments before turning me over. 

"Get on your hands and knees, we'll do it their style," he commanded. 

I raised my ass up in the air and he inserted his penis from the back. It started out slower this time. While I reached between my legs and rubbed my sensitive bud, he leaned forward and caught my hanging breasts with his hands and played with them. After a while, he started moving fast and I had to get both my hands on the floor to avoid being pushed over. Replacing my hand on my clit, he began to cruelly squeeze and pinch it. I cried out in surprise but I should say that the sensation was amazing. Being fucked gently and my clit being punished like that. It was great! Not long of this and I spun into my second orgasm, just minutes after the first one. Wave after wave of exquisite pleasure washed over me, spasm after spasm jolted through my body until I was almost hurting from the strain. My whole body feeling sore, I collapsed on my stomach, still trembling, beginning to relax, but he wasn't having any of that. He slapped my buttocks and urged me onto my back. 

Straddling my face, he offered his engorged cock into my mouth. He was hard and smooth, covered in my cum. I sucked on the head of his penis and licked the whole length of him right up to his balls. He twitched when I ran the tip of my tongue on the underside of his member. Nibbling at his balls, I felt his penis jerk in little fits and his face was contorted in exquisite pleasure. As I reached around him and kneaded his buttocks he guided the tip of his cock towards my lips. I sucked on the head of his cock and his grunts and moans filled my ears. The musky scent of sex was in the whole room.

I took all of him in and he started fucking my mouth, moving in and out with frantic thrusts. I could feel him tense and I knew he was going to cum then. I sucked him for all I was worth and he grew still for one final moment, arching his back gracefully before he came groaning and shouting, grinding his crotch into my face. He pulled out of my mouth just as he was shooting his load and his sweet, hot cum splattered all over my face and breasts.

I heard a soft "woof" beside me and looked up into Patra's dear face. "We're going to come here pretty often, Patra," I told her with a satisfied smile.

*************

Author's note: 

Hi, 

I hope you enjoyed this story. Do not forget to vote!