 I met Amy when I was 17. We were in 11th grade back then and as different as could be. I was a pretty good baseball player, outgoing, maybe a little bit pig headed. Amy was shy, quiet and very smart. 

That's how we met. I needed a tutor to help me get through chemistry class and she needed volunteer credits for her college applications. 

It wasn't long after we started studying chemistry that we found we actually had it, chemistry that is. She made me feel smarter, more thoughtful, and when she laughed it felt like I'd just won the World Series. 

We started dating after a few weeks. Our friends were surprised to say the least, but once they saw us together they knew it was a great fit. 

That summer, when I tore my shoulder apart in a water skiing accident she sat with me in the hospital. She was the one who filled out college applications for me because I couldn't write with my busted arm, and she was the one who kept me motivated in senior year when, with my baseball days behind me, I had to get my grades up to get into school. 

As the years have gone by we've stayed together. I love her. There's no other way to say it. As time has gone by the sparks have faded into slow-burning embers, but still hot. We have a routine, we're happy and I was ready to spend my life with, shortly after my 24th birthday. 

Giving Amy an excuse about a weekend away with the boys, I left her in our shared apartment at college and jumped on the bus to our quiet hometown in Northwestern Pennsylvania.

It was early summer. Exams had just ended but Amy and I had planned to stay in town to move out of the house and work before trying to figure out the next step. To me the next step was clear, I wanted to marry her and I was on my way back home to ask her father's permission. 

I climbed off the bus and walked through our small town to her house, carrying just a backpack over my shoulder. At the front steps the door swung open, it was never locked after all.

"Hello?" I said, loud enough that anyone in the house would hear.

"Mr. Malley?" I said.

He wasn't home. Probably still at work I thought. 

I settled onto the couch. I was a regular at the Malley's house. Mr. Malley and I were almost friends. We talked baseball and business. We got along great. Mrs. Malley treated me like one of her own kids, always asking me to help her bake of move a couch, though my bad shoulder made that hard sometimes. 

I wasn't in the house long when I heard a car pull into the driveway. A door opened, then closed and after a few seconds I heard footsteps coming through the house. 

I stood up, wanting to look my best for Mr. Malley, but when the door opened it wasn't him at all, instead I was looking directly into the face of Amy's little sister, Daphne. 

Standing in the doorway she had the same dark eyes as her sister, mysterious and deep. But that was where the similarities ended. 

While Amy was tall, thin and wore her brown hair long and straight, Daphne was shorter, maybe 5'6", with the fit, strong legs of an athlete. She had surprisingly tight stomach in relation to the size of her beautiful ass and large tits. She was a walking fantasy. Her blond hair was like her mother's, short, just above her shoulders and flaring out at the ends with long bangs hanging in her eyes. 

She was wearing short, boxy khaki shorts and a grey t-shirt which cling tightly to her chest and neck with moisture. She must have been coming home from softball practice.

"Hey Kiddo," I said. "How's it going?"

"Hey!" She shouted, he face turning into a smile. 

"What are you doing here? Where's Amy?"

As she spoke she walked across the room and gave me a hug. She smelled sweet, fresh from a shower at the gym. I could feel her breasts, larger than her sister's, pressing against my chest.

"She's not here. She's back at school." I said. 

"Oh?" Daphne said, looking confused. "I don't get it."

"I snuck away, I wanted to get home on my own so I told her I was spending the weekend with the guys."

"Are you guys having trouble?" Daphne asked

"No. The opposite actually. Things are great and I wanted to talk to your dad, but I guess maybe I should talk to you too."

"Talk to me? About what?"

I turned and reached for my backpack which was sitting on the floor at the foot of the sofa. I opened it and started to dig through the front pouch, into the pocket of a pair of jeans where I had stashed the object I was looking for. Finally, I pulled it out.

As I turned around I snapped open the small velvet box and showed Daphne the diamond ring inside. It wasn't huge or extravagant, but it was the best I could do and it had cost me a fortune.

"What's that for?" Daphne asked, densely. For a bright girl she was missing the obvious here.

"It's for your sister. It's an engagement ring. I want to ask her to marry me, but first I wanted to talk to your dad. I want to get his permission."

A strange look crossed Daphne's face. One of surprise, confusion and, I thought, maybe disappointment. 

"Well..." she said slowly, her eyes darting away and not meeting mine or even looking at the ring I was still holding in front of her. "He'll say yes....you know he'll say yes."

"I hope so,"I replied, snapping the box shut.

I turned around and secured the ring back in my backpack, fastening the straps on the pack and pushing it back under the end table, out of the way. When I turned back around Daphne was sitting quietly on the large chair in the corner of the room, her face buried in her hands. 

I was confused. I thought she'd be happy. We had always gotten along great. In fact I was the one who first taught her to hit a ball, I introduced her to softball, a game she now excelled at. She was like family to me, but I'd be lying if I said I'd never noticed how beautiful she had grown up to be. In fact I'd fantasized about her many times. Usually about times like this, when she came home from practice, full of energy, wearing her tight shorts and shirts. 

Once, when Daphne was 15, barely old enough to know what kind of effect a developing body like hers could have a man, she came out of the bathroom at the Malley's while I was watching television. She had just showered and her hair was wet. She was wearing only a towel but it wasn't quite long enough, so she had it wrapped around her left side, under her arm. Her right side was showing, I could see her legs and thighs as they slowly turned into a gorgeous ass and the curve of her breasts, barely covered at the end by the towel.

She was a knockout, but I loved her sister, so fantasy was all it ever came to.

I stepped slowly across the room towards where Daphne was sitting. She still had her head down and didn't move to acknowledge me. I knelt in front of her and placed my hand gently on her knee. 

"Daph, sweetie, what's wrong?" I asked, confused and hopeful I could cheer her up.

"It's nothing..." she said, not moving.

"Daphne, don't lie to me, I know you and I know when something's wrong. You're not exactly hiding it. I hate to see you sad."

"Please," she said. "Just go, I can't talk to you right now."

"Daph, what is it? Did I do something? Are you upset about the ring? I wanted you to be happy about that. You know I love your sister, and I love you. I want to be your brother. I want to be part of your family."

"But that's just it." she said, finally looking up. "I know you love her and that's the problem."

"What?" I asked, standing up.

"That's the problem," she said as she stood too, pushing past me so her back was to me. "You love her and that's great, but she doesn't appreciate you. She still thinks of you as the dumb jock she can clean up and make into a gentleman. She doesn't say it. She never would. But I know it's true."

"Daph, I don't think that's..."

"It is," She said, interrupting me. I could hear her voice getting aggressive, angry almost. "She doesn't see you for what you are. She doesn't appreciate all the little things you do, the person you've always been. She doesn't love you like..."

"Like what?' I asked, a little bit afraid of the answer.

"Like I do," Daphne said, turning to face me. "I want you Jim, I want to be with you, I want all the things she has and more. I want you so badly I can feel it in my whole body."

"Daph." I started, "You can't mean.."

"I do. I think about you everyday. I think about kissing you and touching you. When I touch myself I imagine it's you. I call your name and when I cum I wish it was you who could feel it."

As she spoke she stepped closer and closer. Staring me in the eyes the whole way. My mind was officially blown. I had no idea how to react, so I just stared, dumbfounded, back at her. I could see into her deep brown eyes, the eyes that looked so much like her sister's on the outside, but beneath the surface I could see something else. Something wild.

Daphne stepped in front of me so she was only inches away. She was breathing heavily. I still hadn't spoken because I didn't know what to say. As I finally opened my mouth to speak I had no idea what words would come out, but it didn't matter. Before I could make a sound, her mouth was on mine, her tongue was on mine and her hands were on my back.

I was shocked. I pulled back.

"Daph...we can't...Amy..."

"Fuck her," Daphne said. "I want you right now and I'm going to have you."

She pushed me roughly backwards and I fell into same chair she had been sitting in quietly only seconds before. Before I could say a word she pulled the t-shirt over her head, revealing her large, heavy breasts, wrapped tightly in a dark blue sports bra. 


It was so much like my fantasies, It was like a dream coming true, but I wasn't sure if I even wanted it to. She was so gorgeous I couldn't say no. Not yet, not when I wasn't sure.

She sank gracefully to her knees and I realized I was hard. I was very hard. My cock was straining to get free. I never could argue with my cock, so when she reached for my belt, I helped her. I unbuttoned my pants and unzipped. Then, in one motion I lifted my ass from the chair and she pulled my pants and underwear away and tossed them onto the couch across the room. 

For a few long moments she started intently at my cock. This was the point of no return. If she went past here, it meant we had done something unimaginable. I wished I could read her thoughts as clearly as I could feel her hot breath on the head of my dick.

After what could have only been three seconds she finally leaned forward and took most of my aching unit into her mouth. 

"Unnnnhhhhhh" I grunted, surprised and filled with pleasure as I felt her soft, wet tongue swirl around the head of my cock while she sucked slowly along the shaft, letting it slide back out of her mouth. She reached up with her right hand and wrapped it around my shaft, just above my balls and started slowly jerking me off, sliding her head up and down my cock as her hand worked in the same direction. 

Each time her lips, he beautiful lips, traveled up my shaft i could feel her tongue pressed flat against it. I was ecstasy physically, but in my head I knew this was the start of something very, very bad.

I could tell she didn't have a lot of experience giving head. She was sloppy and aggressive, kissing and sucking me like a young girl might. But what she lacked in polish she more than made up for in enthusiasm. 

"Ungg, oh shit Daph." I said. "Holy shit thats good. that's so fucking good but you have to stop you have to.... to...ungh... Fuck!," I said, unable to tell her the beautiful creature below me to stop.

She continued to suck me for several minutes, seemingly enjoying it. As she sped up the tempo of the blowjob she was giving me she started to hum, high pitched, erotic sounds like she she was enjoying the encounter as much as I was, but there was no way that was possible.

"Shit...." I said, catching my breath. "That's so fucking good baby, you're so fucking good. Oh God I love the way your pretty lips feel against my cock. Oh your pretty mouth is around my cock. Your pretty, pretty mouth."

Finally she sat up and pulled my cock from her mouth with a pop.

"Oh god baby," she said "I've wanted that cock in my mouth for so long. I can't believe we're actually doing this. Oh god I want you, but you can't cum yet"

With that she stood up and faced me. I pulled off my shirt and slowly she reached down and with both hands pulled the sports bra she was wearing off her tits and over he head. Her beautiful tits fell down and settled firmly. They were gorgeous. So much bigger and rounder than her sisters, but with the same, small pert nipples. I wanted to taste them and see how they felt in my mouth, but Daphne wasn't finished undressing yet. 

She slowly undid the button at the top of her light khaki shorts and unzipped them, all the while staring me in the eye. I looked to see what kind of underwear she had on, but I didn't get the chance to see as she pulled both her shorts and panties away quickly.

Suddenly we were both totally nude in the living room of her family home. The home where I'd spent so many nights with her sister. 

She stepped forward and sat on my lap, facing me with my rock hard cock sliding up and down her slit. She rocked slowly and kissed me.

I could feel her heavy breasts brushing against my bare chest. They felt so good. So young and firm. Her wet cunt was rubbing against my cock, making it harder and longer than I ever imagined it could be. We feverishly kissed. Her tongue was mine and mine hers, he lips pressed hard against mine and her hot breath on my face felt unbelievable.

Suddenly she pulled away and looked me dead in the eyes. Those eyes again. 

"Mmmmm...That feels so nice." She said breathlessly. "I've wanted this for so long."

"Oh Daph, you're so fucking hot...." I said as I trailed my hand down from her breast to her stomach and then down between her legs. Slowly I slid two fingers in her cunt. 

"Oooooohhhhhhhhnnnn," she moaned, " Ohhhh yeah."

Her pussy was so wet, I could feel her juices running down my fingers, over my knuckes and into the palm of my hand.

She leaned over, kissed me hard on the mouth and started rocking her hips on my fingers.

"Unh unh unh unh unh," she grunted into my mouth each time my fingers reached their deepest point. She was working faster and faster, really fucking herself on my hand. It felt unbelievable to have her beautiful pussy literally in the palm of my hand. 

She broke our kiss and leaned back in ecstasy. I watched as her large, firm, young tits bounced with every motion. Finally I took one in my hands and sucked her nipple hard. I gently bit it and massaged her breast as I did. It felt so good to have her beautiful tit in my mouth. I wanted to leave there, to devour it whole. She tasted of sweat and the leftover soap from her shower after practice, I also tasted whatever it is that makes a young girl's skin so appealing. 

As I let go of her breast she leaned her forehead toward mine, resting it against my head and looking down between our naked bodies so she could see what was happening between her legs. 

Seeing my fingers plunge into her must have really turned her on because she started to moan loudly, so loudly I was actually startled.

"Ohhhh Unnnnnggghh!!!" She moaned, "That feels so fucking good, fuck me with your fingers fuck me fuck fuckmefuckmefuckmefuckme" she repeated over and over again until she finally let out a loud yell and climaxed all over my fingers, hands and lap.

"Ohhh God, oh fuck," she said, cursing with pleasure and kissing me on the mouth, "That was unbelievable. Please. Please take my upstairs to my bed and fuck me, please, I want you to cum inside me, on me, wherever....just fuck me....oh just fuck me."

With that she kissed me again, sliding her tongue into my mouth before standing up, grabbing her discarded clothes and running up the stairs. 

Watching her go I was struck by how far we'd already come. There was no going back and there was no saying no to this gorgeous young girl.

I stood up slowly, collected my own clothes and started up the stairs after her.

Daphne's room was at the end of the hall on the second floor. As I walked down the hall I went past Amy's old room. The door was open. Inside I could see a picture of the two of us on her bedstand. It was taken at our senior high school prom. She was wearing a pink dress, a gown really. I was in a tux. It rained that night and when we left the dance she got soaked. I'd taken her out of the dress and we'd made love in the back of my car. 

Looking at the picture I remembered how wonderful that night had been. I also remembered her 12 year old sister taking the picture with their mother's camera. She was all knees and elbows then, now she was at the end of the hall waiting for me. 

For a brief moment I reconsidered the idea that there was no going back, but then I heard Daphne's voice coming from her room.

"Oh baby, what's taking you so long, I'm so wet...please...."

I was going to fuck this girl.

I stepped through the doorway and into Daphne's room. It was smaller than her sisters, with light blue paint and photos of her and her sister, even a few of me, taped to the walls in a messy way.

Daphne was lying on her bed, looking straight at me with her legs spread, gently fingering her cunt. 

"You want this?" she asked with a mischievous smile, "Come and get me."

I climbed onto the bed and grabbed her ankles, pulling her down the bed so she lay flat on her back. I took her left leg and started to kiss her smooth calves. They tasted sweet, like sweat, and were smooth to the touch. 

I trailed my mouth all the way down her leg, toward her pussy. I felt her shudder as I lightly licked and kissed the underside of her knee. I felt her body tense when I ran my tongue up her wet slit. 

"No," she said firmly, grabbing me by the hair and looking me in the face, "Later...right now I need you to fuck me. Just fuck me. No more waiting."

She was right. I wanted her so bad. All the thoughts of hesitating or stopping disappeared as 

I looked at her. Her beautiful eyes full of lust, her face flush and her hair ruffled.

I pushed my way up onto my knees and grabbed her hips, pulling myself towards her. Then I reached down and stroked my cock. It was still as hard as I have ever felt it. God I was turned on, I needed this girl. 

"Condom?" I asked

"No, I'm on the pill, just fuck me. Fuck me now...." she answered breathlessly, full of want. 

I pushed the head of my cock to her opening and rubbed it up and down her slit. 

"I'm gonna fuck you so hard. Beg me again." I said.

"FUCK ME!" She shouted, "Fuck me like you fuck my sister, fuck me hard, fuck me all night, I want you so bad, stop waiting...JUST FUCK ME!"

I gave her her wish, pushing my cock past the entrance to her cunt and into her tight, hot tunnel.

"Unnnnnngggghhhhh!!!" I grunted as I felt the walls of her cunt sqeeze in around my cock.

"YES YES!!" She shouted as I pulled out and then pushed my way back in. "YES! Oh fuck, yes....."

I fucked her roughly. If she wanted to do this then I was going to do it hard. I pounded her cunt, pulling my full shaft out with each thrust, leaving only the head of my cock inside her, before slamming back into her until I felt my balls slap against her. 

I was in heaven. This gorgeous 18 year old girl was lying beneath me moaning and cursing with every thrust, clearly enjoying it as much as I was. She was a fantasy come to life. All the times I'd dreamed about her body, had seen her young body and felt my cock stiffen, only to push it out of my mind because of her sister. For each of those times I pumped her with my cock. 

I fucked her for what seemed like forever. It felt like a lifetime, a lifetime of happiness. I fucked her until all there was left in the world were our bodies and the sound of sex.
