 Doing Dad's Girlfriend (again) 

I played it cool after my little escapade to the beach with my dad's girlfriend, Adrianna. I was pretty sure it had been a once-only bit of fun so did not presume to call her or drop in. I simply didn't think it would be welcomed. Boy, was I was wrong.

Summer had wrapped up and I was back at school for my senior year. I knew it would be a tough year but was ready for it scholastically. I cut back on organized sports (quitting the swim team) but was still busy with lots of activities outside classes. I was committed to having a great year and was striving to avoid distractions so as to maximize my studies.

Then Adrianna called me.

It had been a month since we'd talked after I dropped her off after our ride. I had seen her with dad a couple of times but had never really connected. I figured the only way to prevent him getting suspicious was to avoid contact with Adrianna otherwise, he'd probably notice something. So that's what I had done.

It was late on Friday night when the phone rang and who was there but Adrianna. I could tell she'd been drinking, but she was still be sober enough to make sense. Turns out she was pissed at me. And that was the term she used: "I am a little pissed off at you, Thomas!"

"What for? What did I do?!"

"You never called me after our date at the beach."

That was a date? Where did that come from?

Adrianna explained that whatever I wanted to call it, we did go out together and have a few drinks and more than a little fun, and wasn't that a date?

I was taken aback at her pronouncement, and secretly pleased of her remembering our little bit of fun.

She explained that she'd been stood up by my dad tonight and was upset with him. When I explained that he'd been out of town for two days already and wasn't expected back until Monday she really blew up. It seems that my dad had not mentioned going away to her. As difficult as that was for Adrianna, I knew he'd had occasional bouts of forgetfulness that made my mom angry on more than one occasion.

I tried to console Adrianna by telling her I had been told only last minute and that was because I lived in the same house — okay, next door — and that he might have missed texting her, or he could have been stressed. I went on a bit but in the end, she was not to be appeased.

"Can you come over for a little while?" she asked me, "I need someone to talk to, tonight."

I told her it wasn't really a good idea and that I had studying to do. But I considered it as my heart wasn't into studying on a Friday night. Besides, my cock was screaming something entirely different: How soon can I get it to Adrianna?

I let her slowly coax me into a short visit, "but just for a glass of wine and a chat," I told her.

"Perfect. I will be ready when you get here. Are you leaving now?"

I told her I'd be there in about an hour and despite her pleas, I held tough. I really needed to have a shower and dress up a bit just to look presentable for this woman. Even if it was just social, I was having other thoughts bounce around my head so I needed to be prepared.

I got to Adrianna's condo complex around 11:30 pm, 15 minutes ahead of schedule. She responded quickly to my buzzing and told me that the door would be open and I should let myself in.

I stepped off the elevator on the 12th floor and found my way to 1225, a corner suite which turned out to have a wraparound balcony and a glorious view of the city. Those two things I realized afterwards. I walked in calling out to her, "Adrianna, I'm here."

"I'm outside on the balcony," she called to me.

I leisurely made my way through the very contemporary apartment. It was well furnished with expensive pieces including some good quality sculptures and art. Overall, the apartment offered a minimalist look but it really worked.

I didn't see Adrianna until I made it into the living room. The curtains were all pulled closed but for the ones at the balcony door. They were open, as was the door and standing there leaning over the balcony was Adrianna. She looked heart-poundingly good: she was naked.

Adrianna was standing facing the city view and leaned completely forward across the railing. All I could see was her spectacular bottom with legs squeezed tightly together, still tanned and as fit and strong as I remembered them from the beach only a month ago. She stood there in her seven-inch heeled Manolo Blahniks and nothing more.

She seemed to know I was there because she gave a subtle wiggle of her ass as if to say 'come on over.' And I did.

"I hope you know what to do now, Thomas."

I said nothing, just took my time unbuckling my belt and letting my pants drop to the floor. I was not wearing anything underneath so I was ready instantly. In anticipation of my visit with Adrianna, my penis had become semi-hard in the lobby and when I saw what was on offer, it grew to its full and glorious state, ready to be buried deep into Adrianna's receptacle.

That was all well and good, though, as when I stepped in behind Adrianna I realized that although we were close to the same height, her sexy shoes put her just out of reach of my cockhead. Instead, I stood in behind her and pressed my cock between her firm thighs. She opened up a bit and I rubbed myself along her thighs. Up and down, slowly, seductively. In response, Adrianna spread her legs wider and crouched down slightly to open herself to me.

My cock was harder than ever as it demanded that I thrust into Adrianna's gorgeous pussy. How could I argue with that idea? I put the head up against her opening, pushing apart the moist lips then in one smooth thrust, buried myself inside her tight sheath. And I stayed there, buried to the hilt.

Adrianna pushed back against me, grinding her hips as she did so. I pushed even closer, then very slowly drew my rod out of her until I nearly fell out. I grabbed hard onto her hips and pushed my cock back in. With each withdrawal and thrust, I pushed in a little harder until I was just pounding her cunt with my rock hard cock. Again and again I gave it to her, and she was loving it. Each time I went forward she thrust her ass back towards me, matching me thrust for thrust.

That woman could sure fuck. And she was loud, too. Just before I started to come she let out a wail that might have shaken the windows. Not sure if she was having an orgasm but happy she was enjoying my fucking, I gave her a few more thrusts until I couldn't stand it any longer. I pushed deep into her body and let my cock release it's sperm — what a great feeling. I let my cock drain with its last few up throbs.

I thought I was done, but Adrianna was happy to continue working on my deflating cock. I felt her squeezing me with her cunt muscles. It felt a bit like a massage, or even a full-on handjob. She did not seem surprised that I was getting hard again, but she still leaned forward a bit and let me pop out of her juicy pussy.

"That was fantastic, Thomas. Thank you so much for coming over."

Was she serious? Here I had received one of the most amazing fucks of my life and she was thanking me? And so sincerely, too.

"You're amazing, Adrianna," I told her. I tried holding my gaze on her eyes but that didn't work. I was soon sliding my look down her body enjoying it once more as I had at the beach. Before I got too much further on the way back up, Adrianna pulled me tight and hung on as if she was climbing a tree almost. I moved my arms under her thighs to support her body and positioned her above the tip of my cock. I slowly let her slid down until her pussy engulfed my meat.

Adrianna did not weight much in that position so it was easy to hold her in place as she lifted herself off my cock again and again. Having just come, I knew I would be good for a whole lot longer this time, even with the special cunt massage I was getting. She'd stop occasionally and give me that extra little motion.

We were having a fun fuck right there on the balcony when I heard a yell from above telling us to 'get a room.' Apparently we'd been noticed.

Without letting Adrianna down, leaving her impaled on my cock, I carried her into the living room. Instead of letting her down, I helped her invert her position until she was facing downwards, placing her in a sixty-nine position. Her cunt was dripping with her juices. I dragged my tongue along her open pussy lips. She was incredibly soft there, one lip slightly longer than the other so I could nibble at it. I pushed my tongue into her opening as far as I could, flicking the tip as I did. I kept going back to the top of her slit to grab her clit between my lips, pinching and flicking it with my tongue.

Meanwhile, Adrianna was positioned perfectly to give me oral pleasure. I could feel her sucking on my meat, her tongue licking hard and going back to deep suction in between. Then she took as much of my cock into her mouth as she could; it wasn't the full length, but she was working hard on at least half of my meat with no problem.

I didn't want to come in that position so after a while I stopped munching on Adrianna's cunt and pulled her back up until I could put her down on her own feet.

She wasn't finished.

Adrianna dropped to her knees in front of me and pulled me forward until my cock was positioned in front of her mouth.

"I want to fuck you again," I told her.

I think she replied, "oh, we're not done," or something like that. It was hard to tell with five inches of my cock in her throat. Adrianna set up a smooth, delicious motion with her hand and her mouth, literally making me fuck her mouth. It was heaven. When my knees started to get weak, she pushed me back onto the divan and jumped right back onto my cock with her talented mouth.

She might not be deep-throating me, but Adrianna was as good a cocksucker as she was a fuck which is to say, absolutely wonderful.

When I finally got close to coming, Adrianna let my hard-on stand free, waving in the wind if you will. She positioned a pillow behind my head. Then she straddled my hips and worked herself straight onto my shaft and began fucking me.

I did not last as long as I wished, but then again, she'd been working my cock over for quite a while now so who could blame me.

"I think I am going to come now," I warned her.

"Awesome!" was her reply, along with a redoubling of her smooth hip rocking motion which was milking me so efficiently.

When I came, Adrianna stayed in position atop me but as soon as she thought I was done, she hopped off and moved her mouth back to my cock where she proceeded to clean me off, sucking up her juices along with the remnants of my two loads. I watched as I enjoyed her mouth on me and wondering where this was going. After all, she was my dad's girlfriend and here I was, naked and thrilled for a second time.

I woke up just before 7am and it took me a while to recognize my location. The sheets were different and very luxurious and the room much nicer than mine. I soon realized that I had stayed over at Adrianna's but where was she?

She heard me rustling around because I heard her call my name asking if I wanted coffee. I dragged my ass out of bed but could not find my clothes. 'Must be in the living room still,' I thought. So I decided 'when in Rome' and traipsed out into the kitchen in what I had on, that is, nothing.

Despite the sound rationale I had used, I probably should have planned things a bit better. When I ambled in to the kitchen I was greeted by a delicious aroma of coffee, the sound of bacon grilling, and most unexpectedly, another person!

"Good morning Thomas," said Adrianna. "You should meet my mom, Alexa."

Adrianna and her mother?! Since neither seemed at all perturbed about my attire, I decided to play along. I took the few steps over to Alexa and gave her my hand to shake in greeting. "Lovely to meet you, Alexa." I thought I was so smooth, but I did detect a tremor in my voice because Alexa was a very good looking woman, and she was staring at my cock.

She said, "it's so nice to meet you. Adrianna's been telling me about you."

"Oh? And what has she said?" I inquired.

Alexa proceeded to tell me what she'd heard: that I was a gentleman and very interesting to be with and that I had a great motorcycle. "Oh, and she thinks you have a great attitude to sex, too."

One word described me at that moment: flabbergasted. I soldiered on asking Adrianna where my clothes were.

"Just coming out of the dryer I expect. There's a robe in the ensuite if you like."

I took her up on the offer and when I came back, a full breakfast was laid out for us to enjoy. I complimented Adrianna but was redirected to thank Alexa as she was responsible for the breakfast. "Me, I can barely boil an egg," said Adrianna.

So we sat for breakfast. I was initially uncomfortable with the situation but we soon fell into an easy rhythm of conversation. I learned that Alexa was 47 years old, almost exactly 25 years my senior. She had recently started her own company as an event planner specializing in gay marriages and business was great.

I had finished my meal and was dawdling over another cup of coffee wondering about leaving, or staying, or whatever. The phone rang. It was my dad and he was calling Adrianna to apologize for not being in touch and, oh by the way, he was on his way over and would be there in 20 minutes.

"What?" I exclaimed.

"Oops!" added Alexa.

And Adrianna piped up with "you'd better get a move on or he'll recognize your bike downstairs."

I was dressed and ready to go in five minutes with just enough time to give Adrianna a peck on the cheek and a "call me later." When I went to peck at Alexa's cheek she surprised me by turning her face and letting me land right on her soft, moist lips. "Oh," I said.

And I was gone before my dad showed up downstairs. I was so thankful he was gentlemanly enough to call ahead or I might have had a very sorry time of it all.