 Maricela was transferred to my crew about a year ago, and I was quite happy with her. In a male dominated field, she more than held her own. She kept up with all of the guys, in many cases out performing them. When she was given grief, for whatever reason, she was able to give as good as she got.

It didn't hurt her cause that she was very attractive, either. She had a great, warm smile to go with a pretty face. She also had a nice, plump set of lips that I'm sure most of the guys imagined wrapped around their dicks. At about 5'3", Mari seemed to have a decent body, although she kept it hidden under her work clothes. 

Because of her exceptional organizational skills, I had her working closely with me a lot. She had a great sense of humor, and could diffuse most situations quickly and easily.

Enjoying a little down time at the end of one day, I could tell that Mari was troubled by something. When I asked her what was wrong, she answered me with, "Do you remember me telling you about my cousin's wedding?" 

I knew that Mari came from a rather large Mexican family, and that her cousin, Juanita, was getting married in a couple of weeks. Mari told me that she had to find a babysitter for her kids, since she usually relied on her family when she needed one, and the whole family was going to be at the wedding.

"Yeah," I told her. "She's getting married to the contractor, right?"

"Right," she responded. "The wedding is in two weeks."

"Ok, so what's the problem?" I asked her.

"Well, the problem is," she started, "that I need to ask a big favor from you."

"Hmm," I teased her, "it's a problem that you have to ask a favor. I'm not sure how to take that."

"You haven't heard the favor yet," she told me.

"Mari, we've been working together long enough, you should know that you can ask me anything, although asking me to watch your kids might be pushing it," I joked with her.

"I've already found someone to watch my kids," she answered. "I need a bigger favor."

"Ok, ask," I told her.

Taking a deep breath, Mari started. 

"My family thinks that I'm dating someone, and I'm supposed to bring him to the wedding," she told me.

Sensing where this was going, I pushed Mari a bit. "What does this have to do with me?" I asked.

"I've kind of told them that I'm dating you," she finally confessed.

"Why me?" I asked.

"Well, first, you are the only white guy that I know that speaks fluent Spanish," she started. "I also couldn't tell them that I met a man in a bar, or in church, since we all go to the same church, so I had to meet a man at work. You were the best candidate that I could think of under pressure."

"I was the best that you could think of under pressure?" I teased her. "You sure know how to flatter a guy."

"Please?" she pleaded. "If nothing else, you'll at least have a good dinner. The reception is at Casa Blanca. You'll have good food, and an open bar."

After working out a few details, and making sure that I had the date open, I agreed to be Mari's escort for the festivities. 

The day of the wedding, I picked up Mari at her apartment. When I knocked on her door, I heard her yell out for me to come in. From a back room, she told me that her ex had picked up her kids already, and that she was just finishing up getting ready.

Finally, after a few more minutes, Maricela walked in to the room, dressed and ready to go. I was stunned at how she looked. As I said earlier, I knew that she was attractive, and I sensed that she had a good body, but I had no idea at exactly what she kept hidden under her bulky work clothes.

Mari walked in to the room wearing the proverbial little black dress. It was a sleeveless, low cut dress, ending about mid-thigh. Mari was showing a lot of cleavage, hinting at a pair of breasts that she kept well hidden during the time that I knew her.

With her make up and hair done up, she was a vision. She topped off her outfit with a pair of heels that really showed off a nice pair of well muscled legs.

"Wow!" was all I could say as she walked out. "You look incredible," I finally managed to spit out.

"Knock it off," she replied, clearly blushing. "It's a wedding. I have to look good."

"Well, you have succeeded at that," I assured her, and we left for the church.

I have to admit, I felt a bit guilty about the thoughts that I was having, and the way that I was looking at Mari while we were in the church. The bride was beautiful, the bridesmaids were all attractive, despite the gaudy dresses, but none compared to Mari.

After the ceremony, and all of the requisite picture taking, we headed to the restaurant. As soon as we walked in and found our seats, I headed to the bar to get us a couple of drinks, and Mari went to talk with relatives.

While I was at the bar, I was approached by a couple of Mari's male cousins, including a couple who had come up from Mexico for the wedding. After apparently passing muster with them, I went back to our table, where I discovered that we were sitting with Mari's parents and grandparents. 

Fortunately, Mari and I had worked out all of the details for our story beforehand, so passing the familial interrogation wasn't too hard. I knew that the tension was lifted when I busted Mari's grandmother talking about me in Spanish, not knowing that I am fluent. After laughing at herself, she felt at ease with me, mainly because she was uncomfortable with her English.

The dinner was very good, the conversation flowed, mostly in the form of questions asked of me, and time started to pass. Eventually, dinner was over, and the bar re-opened, so I took drink orders from everybody at the table, and went up to the bar.

During dinner, Mari warned me that her brother and cousins would try to corner me again, trying to protect the baby of the family, so I wasn't too surprised when I was approached by Paco, Mari's oldest brother, along with another brother and two cousins.

As I was waiting for our drinks, Paco started in with his interrogation. When I told him that he would have to wait a couple of minutes, he started to become upset, until I informed him that I had drinks for his sister, parents, and grandmother, and that was more important than getting his approval of me. I could tell that he didn't know whether to be angry because I was walking away from him, or happy that I was taking care of his sister and his family.

As I brought Mari her drink, I excused myself from the rest of her family, telling them that Paco and the boys wanted to have a talk with me. Mari's father offered to intervene, but knowing that this would eliminate any respect from Paco, I told him that I could handle it. Mari's grandmother tried to warn me about her cousins, too, but laughed when I told her, in Spanish, that they would be pussycats in my hands.

Just for effect, I gave Mari a kiss on the cheek, telling her that I would be right back, and I heard the grandma tell the rest of the table that she liked me, that I was a "True man." At that point, I knew that the rest of the evening would be a piece of cake.

I smiled to myself when I walked back up to the bar and saw that Paco had a bottle of Tequila with him.

"Let's go find a table where we can talk," he told me, taking a hold of my arm and leading me away.

"Why don't we get a bottle of good Tequila, instead," I told him. "Or don't you think that I am worth the good stuff?"

Looking shocked, Paco laughed and said, "You're right. Why waste time with the cheap shit?" 

By the time that we were polishing off the first bottle, I had all four man laughing and eating out of my hands, especially once they realized that my knowledge of Spanish also included street slang. 

By the time we were halfway through the second bottle, Mari's father, a couple of uncles, the groom, and a few others had joined us. I was deemed alright, especially for a "white guy." 

As we finished off that bottle, I excused myself to see to Mari, but her father summoned her over to us instead. "Sit with your man, and have a drink with us," he told her. As she sat next to me, she had a look on her face that told me that she wasn't sure that all of this was a good idea.

As Paco gave her a glass, and refilled all of ours, he whispered in my ear that I would thank him for this, because "Mari gets a little loco when she drinks Tequila."

Mari, to my surprise, once again held her own with the boys, downing a couple of glasses rather quickly. Afterwards, she took my hand, and said, "I don't want to just sit here, let's go dance."

She brought me out to the dance floor, and we were out there for a while, dancing both fast, salsa numbers and slower, more romantic songs. While we were dancing to one of the slow songs, Mari thanked me for coming with her, and for dealing with her brothers.

"It was my pleasure," I told her as I held her close. "I enjoyed myself."

After we danced for a little while longer, we decided to go back to our table, where I talked with her family for a while. Soon, though, the bride and groom left, and Mari made an excuse for our exit, also.

As I was helping Mari into my car, I got a nice flash of thigh, and a good view of her deep cleavage. Needless to say, I was quite pleased.

While I was driving her home, Mari and I talked about the evening and her family. The way that she was sitting, she had to know that she was giving me a show of thigh, but it didn't seem to bother her.

When we got back to her place, Mari invited me back in to her apartment. Not really wanting the evening to end, I quickly agreed.

When we were inside, Mari offered me a beer, and got herself one also. Teasing her, I

asked, "What, no Tequila?" 

"I can only take so much Tequila," she told me. "I want a beer now."

She led me to her sofa, where she sat next to me. "Do you mind if I take my shoes off? I'm not that nuts about wearing heels anymore."

"Well, I think that they make your legs look great," I told her, "but you are home now. You should make yourself comfortable."

"Do you really like my legs?" she asked, stretching them out.

Looking at her legs as she did that, I caught a glimpse of lace about mid-thigh, letting me know that she was wearing stockings, and not pantyhose.

"I think that you've got beautiful legs," I answered her, admiring them as she held them in the air and slowly kicked them.

"Thank you," Mari responded, blushing and giggling. "And you like the way that heels make my legs look?"

"I think that your heels make your legs look longer and leaner, and very sexy, so yes, I think that they look better," I told her honestly.

"My ex said that I had mountain-climber legs," she said. "He always told me that he liked skinny legs."

"Well, that just proves that your ex is a meat-head," I told her. "If he didn"t like your legs, why did he go out with you in the first place?"

Laughing, Mari said to me, "You see, that's why I like you. You are honest, even if it is brutal honesty."

"Well, I'm sorry," I told her, "but any man that would complain about those legs deserves a little brutality."

Mari just smiled, and took a big swig of her beer, downing almost half of it. She then put her beer down, stood up, and went to her stereo, turning it on. She popped in a CD, and walked slowly up to me.

"I want to dance one more time with you," she told me, as she reached out for me.

Standing, I took her in my arms and started to slowly sway to the music. Mari laid her head on my shoulder, sighed, and moved with me.

As her body molded itself into mine, and feeling the way that her breasts were pressing into my chest, I started to get an erection, which I knew that Mari would be able to feel. Not wanting to embarrass either one of us, I pulled my hips away from hers slightly. Apparently, Mari was not going to accept this, and she pulled me back in tightly, sighing softly as she did.

As the song ended, Mari thanked me, and then kissed me. It started as a soft, gentle peck



on the lips, but soon, she had her arms around me and kissed me more aggressively

.

This time, I put my hands on Mari's shoulders and pushed her away from me slightly. "Mari, I don't want you to do something that you're going to regret in the morning," I told her. As much as I enjoyed the kiss, and how her soft, full body felt against mine, I also had to see her at work Monday morning.

"The only thing that I would regret is not doing anything," she said. "I know what you are thinking, and I am not drunk. I know very well what I am doing."

She then pulled me back in close, and kissed me again. We stood there for a minute or so, kissing passionately with our hands roaming over each others' backs, when she pulled away from me.

"Now," she said to me, looking me in the eye, "the decision is yours. You can leave, if you want, and we'll see each other Monday morning. Or, you can sit down and we can begin to enjoy the rest of the evening."

Now, I may not be the smartest guy in the world, but I am no idiot. I smiled at Mari and sat my ass back down on her sofa. Mari smiled back at me and walked towards me.

"So, you like my legs, huh?" she said softly, sliding her hands along her sides from her hips down to the hem of her dress.

"I like your legs a lot," I answered her, watching as she slowly raised her skirt, exposing her thighs and the tops of her stockings.

She raised her skirt up to her crotch, showing me just a hint of her lace panties. "What about the rest of my body?" she asked.

I smiled at her as I told her, "I don't know. I've never seen the rest of your body."

"Would you like to see my body?" Mari asked teasingly as she ran her hands over her dress.

"I would love to see your body," I told her.

Mari smiled as she walked up to me and said, "Then why don't you unzip me," as she turned around, backing up to me.

Standing, I slowly lowered the zipper at the back of her dress, leaning in and kissing the exposed skin as I did.

Mari shuddered as I kissed her back and neck, and then she turned around. Looking me in the eye, she slid the straps of her dress off of her shoulders, and let it drop to the floor. I stood there, amazed, as I took in the sight of her in her black lace bra, barely covering the nipples on her full breasts, and her matching boy-cut shorts. 

Stepping out of her dress, she looked at me and said, "You don't get to see any more until you show me something."

I smiled back at Mari as I started to remove my shirt and tie. Mari was slowly dancing to the music, sliding her hands over her body as she watched me. "Keep going," she said. "I'll tell you when you can stop."

I kicked off my shoes, removed my socks and dropped my pants as I watched Mari teasing me by touching herself. 

As I stepped out of my pants, she walked up to me and wrapped her arms around me and kissed me again, more passionately and aggressively than before. 

As we broke from our kiss, I looked down, admiring her cleavage and cupped her tight ass-cheeks. Mari reached in between us and wrapped her hands around my now fully hard cock through my boxers.

"Mmmm, this feels nice," she said. "Nice and thick."

Smiling at Mari, I slowly turned us around and walked her backwards to a huge stuffed recliner. When her knees touched the edge, I lowered her on to the seat. I then knelt between her legs and took one leg in my hands.

Starting at her ankle, I slowly kissed my way up her leg, working the back of her firm, muscular pin. By the time that I reached the back of her knee, her leg was pointing straight up, and I kissed and licked the tender spot, earning a gasp from Mari.

I then resumed my way back up, concentrating on her inner thigh. She sighed loudly as I kissed, licked, and nibbled on her tender flesh, and I could start to smell her musky arousal.

I worked my way towards her crotch, kissing and licking along the edges of her now moist panties. To tease her, I skipped over her panty-covered pussy, lightly blowing on it as I started on her other leg.

I repeated my trail of kisses, licks, and nibbles on her other leg, working towards her ankle this time. By the time that I reached her foot, Mari was panting heavily. I placed both of her legs together and slowly licked the soft flesh between both legs as I progressed towards her panty covered crotch.

As I reached my target, I held Mari's legs up in the air, and I licked along the sides of her panties and her thighs, keeping her legs together. I could hear her moan, and she reached down to hold the bottoms of her legs as I teased her.

Finally, I let her legs drop and I leaned in and placed a big kiss on the lace covering her hot pussy. She moaned again, louder, and reached down to hold my head in place.

As she held my head, I kissed all along the surface of her panties, making my way towards her clit. I placed a big kiss on her lace covered clit, and felt Mari shudder.

After that, she released my head and let her arms drop to her sides. I started to kiss and lick along the edges of her panties, covering the tops and insides of her thighs, and worked my way up to her belly. I kissed the top of her panties, tickling her belly-button with my tongue, and then made my way up towards her chest.

I left a trail of kisses up the center of her belly as I worked up her body, until I reached the bottom of her bra. I moved up and started on the tops of her breasts, kissing the exposed flesh as I slid my hands over her sides and rubbed my belly against her panties. I could feel her heat and moisture on my belly as my hands slid up her body.

As I skimmed the edges of her bra with my lips and tongue, I reached down and cupped her ass, pulling my in towards me. Mari responded with an enthusiastic moan, and then I worked my way up towards her face.

I slowly kissed and nibbled along her neck, sliding my hands over her body. After I worked on the sensitive skin along her neck and just under her ears, I placed an intense kiss on her lips.

As we were kissing, our tongues wrestling in each others' mouth, I reaches behind her and unclasped her bra. Stopping our kisses, I made my way back towards her breasts.

As I slowly slid her bra straps off of her shoulders, I kissed the increasingly exposed flesh. I slid her arms out of the straps, leaving just the cups on top of her tits.

Starting on her right breast, I slowly slid the cups off of her chest, again kissing, licking, and nibbling on the exposed flesh, but I never touched her nipples.

As I pulled the bra completely off of her chest, I marveled at her breasts. They were nicely shaped and firm, with huge, dark areola capping them off. Her nipples were long and stiff, looking like they were begging to be suckled.

Leaning in, I took one breasts in my hand and started to kiss and lick all over it, skirting my way around her areola, teasing her. I went from one breast to the other, purposely avoiding the ultra-sensitive areas.

Finally, I slowly flicked my tongue over one, and then the other, nipple. Mari gasped again when I did that, and her body shuddered slightly again. 

I paid a lot of attention to both of her nipples, kissing, licking, and sucking on them as Mari moaned and groaned. I then took one breasts in each hand and squeezed the together, making both nipples touch.

Leaving just a little space between her nipples, I flicked my tongue across them and then sucked both of them into my mouth. That caused Mari to moan louder and pull my head in tighter to her heaving tits.

After I had her nipples and areola shiny and wet, I made my way back towards her still covered pussy. I didn't bother to tease her any more, so I hooked my thumbs into her waistband and slowly pulled them down and off.

As I tossed her panties over my shoulder, Mari spread her legs out so that she had each leg laying over an arm of her recliner. I pulled her forward so that her ass was resting on the edge of the seat, and leaned in to her steaming, wet crotch.
