 The first thing I realized when I went away to college is that carrying a full load of classes and working just don’t go together. I tried the financial aid route and soon realized I’d spend the next forty years of my life trying to pay off that loan. Not for me. Next, I tried working on campus. I thought being close to class would be easier. Nope. That didn’t work either. Finally, I hit upon an idea that I knew would work. It was easy. I could alter my schedule as needed. And best of all, I was my own boss. Yep, you guessed it. I became a dog walker. 

I’ve always loved pets but living in an apartment, I wasn’t able to have any. This way, if I walked other people’s pets, I could still play with them. Best of all, I didn’t have to bother with the puppy training, the barking in the middle of the night, and the chewed up shoes. It was perfect.

I put up flyers around town and quickly racked up five regular customers. There was Gigi, the mastiff that had pink toenails. Then there was Spot, a two year old German shepherd name by it’s five year old owner. I had a great time walking Jack, a full grown, all male rottwieler that would protect me from all male strangers, but flirt outrageously when a female came near him. The last two were a set. One never went anywhere with the other and they were aptly named Frick and Frack. German shepherd and chow mix, they were adorable and playful. I had a good job, good friends and a steady paycheck.

Millie, Gigi’s owner, met me at the door one day as I dropped Gigi off after her afternoon walk in the park. Millie’s boss was looking for a dog walker for his daughter’s lab while she was away for the summer. She’d given him my name and number, telling him to call me. When I got home, sure enough there was a message from Ivan, Millie’s boss. He wanted to meet with me to talk about walking Lily. I called and we set up a time for the next day. 

I’d gotten stuck on campus longer than I’d anticipated the next day. Instead of being able to rush home and change, I ended up going to Ivan’s in jean short-shorts and a yellow cotton button-up shirt. The shirt was driving me crazy so I tied the bottom ends around my waist. I never would have dreamed of going to meet a new perspective client dressed like Daisy Duke but I couldn’t help it. As I stepped out of my car, I tried desperately to grab the bottom of my shorts pulling them down. Hoping it wouldn’t be insulted, I knocked on the front door and waited.

Ivan was definitely not what I was expecting. For some reason when Millie had mentioned her boss, I’d thought of someone in his sixties, older, graying. I know Millie works for a brokerage house and I guess I just thought he’d be conservative. The man who opened the door to me was in his late forties, maybe early fifties, and Sean Connery handsome. His eyes scanned down my tied shirt to my short shorts and then back up again. His smile was seductive. 

As I walked in, I tried not to feel self-conscious. I looked around, noticing the house. Very simple, very contemporary. The art over the fireplace was amazing, brilliant colors and bold strokes. It reminded me of a Chagall and I was impressed. Ivan handed me a glass of iced tea and then whistled. A beautiful yellow lab, probably around two years old, came bounding into the room. Lily was adorable. She ran up to me, sat her little butt down and wagged her tag. I was immediately in love. Ivan explained that Lily was his daughter’s dog. She was away for the summer and had left Lily in his care. He didn’t have the time to walk her and would like to have me take her to the park at least three times a week. He handed me a check to pay in advance and I handed it back to him. Way too much. The amount was probably three times what I would normally ask. He smiled and insisted. It seems Ivan was going to need to be out of town for several weekends during the summer. During those weekends, he wanted me to stay at the house to watch Lily. 

Taking the check, I agreed. It seemed like the least I could do. As I started to leave, indicating that I would be back tomorrow to walk Lily, Ivan let me know that this weekend was the first weekend he would need me to stay at the house. As I left, I thought about this new gig. This was going to be pretty easy. 

Over the next four days, I walked Lily twice. She was playful and had a great time in the park. Each time, Ivan greeted me at the door, handing me a glass of iced tea. I found out that he was divorced, his second wife having left him six months earlier because he didn’t spend enough time with her. She didn’t seem to be too lonely. I found out from Millie that she’d taken him for quite a bundle. 

On Friday, I packed a bag and headed over to Ivan’s. He was already packed for his weekend. As he left, he made sure to let me know to make myself at home. He wanted me to be comfortable. Closing the door, I looked around. Comfortable? Not a problem. Lily and I curled up on the sofa in the den, watching old movies and eating popcorn. As midnight rolled around, Lily sat up, wagging her tail. I heard the front door and looked at Lily. I figured since her tongue was out and she was wagging her tail, it must not be a burglar. As it turned out, it was Ivan.

I looked up as he entered the doorway. He’d waited at the airport for six hours before his flight had been canceled. So, he’d come home. I started to get up, prepared to head home myself. Ivan told me to sit back down. It was too late for me to go anywhere. Ivan took Lily out, settling her into the backyard. When Ivan came back into the den, I suddenly became conscious of the fact that I was sitting in this man’s house wearing nothing but an oversized t-shirt and skimpy panties. I pulled the t-shirt down over my knees and sat back in the corner of the couch. 

Ivan took his tie off, setting it on the table. Next, he flipped his shoes off. Sitting on the couch next to me, he grabbed the popcorn and asked what we were watching. It was an old movie and we both enjoyed it. As it ended, I said I should get some sleep. I stood, again feeling very aware of what I was wearing, or not wearing as the case may be. Ivan’s eyes roamed over my body and I felt my body heat up just from his appraisal. He walked me to my room. 

As I was getting ready to go in, Ivan stopped me. Putting his hands on my shoulder, he leaned in to kiss my cheek. As he pulled away, my eyes met his. I couldn’t have stopped it if I’d wanted to. His lips touched mine and I felt my body race. His lips were firm, as his tongue slowly parted my lips and dipped inside. I’d been kissed by a lot of men but nothing like this. Ivan definitely knew his way around a pair of lips. His hand came up, cupping the back of my head. His tongue dove in and out of my mouth, stroking me. His other hand moved around and pressed against my lower back. As his mouth left mine, I opened my eyes. He apologized. He’d been wanting to do that since I’d first come by his house. Those sexy shorts had been driving him crazy.

I smiled, remembering how worried I’d been that they’d been too short. Ivan started to pull away and I grabbed his hand. I couldn’t believe what I said next. I looked up at him and asked how crazy. He smiled, pulled me against him again and said this crazy. I could feel his hard on in his pants. As his mouth assaulted mine again, I felt his hands move down my back and under my t-shirt. His hands caressed my cheeks, squeezing my ass gently. I moaned into his mouth. Grinding my hips against him, I rubbed against his growing erection. 

His mouth moved from my lips to my neck. He whispered in my ear that he had to find out. I asked him, moaning in between his licks to my neck, find out about what? His hand moved around in between us and his lips came back to mine again as he whispered, “this,” in my ear. I moaned as his lips pressed against mine, his tongue pushing inside my mouth as his hand moved down inside the front of my panties and his finger pushed up inside my wet pussy. I grabbed his shoulders, holding on as his finger and tongue stroked me in unison. I moaned into his mouth. 

Lifting his mouth from mine, Ivan pushed me against the door frame. Sliding down in front of me, Ivan pushed my t-shirt up and kissed the front of my panties. His finger was still driving up inside me. Pulling my panties to the side with his free hand, Ivan groaned and ran his tongue over the apex of my lips. Lifting my leg up to rest on his shoulder, Ivan pushed his mouth in against my pussy and kissed me. His fingers opened me up, making room for his tongue. 

I moaned, leaning my head back, begging him to lick me, to suck me. Ivan responded with actions instead of words. His tongue moved firmly but slowly over my lips, slipping inside me and then running along the outside of my lips. His finger drilled me gently, pushing in and then twisting as he pulled out.  I was turning to jello. His mouth closed over my clit and he sucked hard into his mouth, pulling me to him. I gripped his shoulders, hanging on for dear life as my orgasm ripped through me. I moaned and ground my pussy down onto his mouth. Ivan’s tongue flicked quickly back and forth over my clit as my body shook over and over again. 

Ivan kissed the inside of my thigh and then pulled my panties down. I stepped out of them and Ivan stood. His mouth found mine again and as he kissed me, I tasted my own juices. I felt my body shiver again. Stepping away from Ivan, I grabbed his hand and pulled him into the bedroom. Standing in front of the bed, I pulled my t-shirt over my head and tossed it to the floor. I was naked. Ivan’s eyes went over me. My nipples grew even larger as his eyes locked onto them. As Ivan’s fingers reached out and teased them, I moaned. 

Ivan was gently caressing my nipples, pulling them between his thumb and forefinger. My nipples had never been so sensitive. I felt like I would come again just from his touch. Leaning over, Ivan took my right nipple in his mouth. Moaning, I thrust it towards him, begging him to suck it harder. His hand was squeezing my other breast, rubbing it in his fingers. His mouth moved to my other nipple and I groaned. 

Ivan stood again and smiled. Laying me out on the bed, he stepped back and I watched as he undressed. I’d never been with a man older than me, no one over 20. Watching Ivan, I was mesmerized. As Ivan stripped, I found that he was in fantastic physical shape. As he removed his pants, my eyes went to his growing erection. I took a deep breath as I looked at him, hard and standing straight. His cock was long and thick, throbbing from it’s arousal. 

Moving to the side of the bed, I reached my hand up and stroked his thigh. He looked down at me as I moved my hand up his thigh to his groin. His cock was begging to be touched. Running my hands over his balls, I stroked him. He moaned and I moved my hand to the base of his shaft. Wrapping my fingers around him, I leaned forward and swirled my tongue around the tip. Ivan grunted and thrust his cock into my mouth. My lips closed around him and sucked. He tasted salty and spicy. Trapping him in my mouth, I sucked hard, pulling him in and out of my lips. Ivan moaned, his hand rubbing the back of my head. His cock throbbed in my mouth. I tasted a drop of precum from the tip and sucked even harder. 

Ivan was groaning, telling me how good it felt, how warm my mouth was. Holding his shaft in my hand, I licked the underside and his balls. He was so thick. Stroking him with my hand, I looked up at him and said two words, “Fuck me.”

I laid back on the bed, opening my legs wide. Ivan stood and watched as I ran my fingers over my trimmed pussy, opening my lips. I was so horny and so wet. As Ivan laid on top of me, he guided his hard cock to me. I moaned as the tip pushed between my lips, surging deep inside me. We both moaned and thrust at each other. As Ivan slid his cock inside me, I pushed up, meeting him. Our mouths met again, kissing, licking, as Ivan fucked me harder and harder. The thickness of him was stretching me wide as he rammed over and over again into my tight pussy. 

Ivan’s hands grabbed my hips, holding me still as his cock drilled in and out of me. He was grunting and telling me how tight I felt, how good my pussy felt around his cock. Slipping a hand between us, I nearly bolted of the bed as I felt his finger rubbing against my clit. I begged for him to fuck me harder. Ivan would pull his cock almost all the way out and then ram back into me. I felt another orgasm building. I didn’t hold back. Pushing up to meet him, I groaned and thrashed on the bed, letting my orgasm ride me. 

Ivan pulled out and turned me over. Getting up on all fours, I looked over my shoulder and moaned as he leaned over and ran his tongue over my sensitive pussy lips. His tongue stroked me slowly. Then, guiding his cock into me, Ivan fucked me doggy style. The dog walker was getting walked but good. Ivan’s hands grabbed my ass as he plugged me harder and harder. I moaned, pushing back against him. Reaching down underneath me, I stroked his swinging balls as they slapped against me. Another orgasm broke through me and then Ivan’s fingers dug into my ass. He thrust hard into me and moaned. I smiled as I felt his cock erupt inside me, filling me. 

Pulling out, Ivan laid on the bed, his dripping cock throbbing. Leaning down, I took him in my mouth, sucking him clean. He moaned out an “Oh god” as my mouth tightened around him. Laying up in his arms, Ivan kissed my forehead. I’d never felt so relaxed. As I drifted off to sleep, I heard Ivan ask me if I had more short-shorts. I nodded and told him I did. And if I didn’t, I’d buy more. I walk Lily four times a week. And now, I ride Ivan at least five nights a week. I love my job.