 I worked at a local convenient store at the time and we got a lot of local state troopers, and ladies if you are anything like me the sight of a man in uniform gets your juices flowing. Now, gentlemen, if you work a job requiring a "power" uniform (ie. Military, Police, Firemen) you know that they are chick magnets if your a good looking guy who knows how to carry himself.

We had 2 that came in often but there was only one I was interested in. He was clean cut. A 6'1" lean, mean man machine with spiked, blonde hair and bulges in all the right places if you know what I mean. Now typically I am a woman who prefers men with dark features but this guy was oozing sexuality and I wanted some of that! So I set my plan in motion, now all I needed was opportunity.

Finally the day came. I called the police station to ask a question about research for a term paper I was working on and his partner answered the phone. After I beat his ear for a few minutes about my paper I asked him the question. 

"So how is that sexy partner of yours?"

"Why don't you ask him." He replied. "He's standing right here."

My heart leapt into my throat and my stomach was doing cartwheels.

"Hello." Came the deep voice on the other end of the line.

"Hi."

"So what are you up to this evening?".

"Oh, nothing much. My father is on vacation in Virginia."

"Really." he said. After a slight hesitation he continued. "I'm going to be in that area tonight."

It is now or never I thought then replied. "Why don't you come over. I might need some police protection."

The conversation ended with the silent understanding of what was going to take place very shortly. I sat on the couch watching TV patiently waiting for that time when a knock on the door brought me back to reality. I opened it and sure enough he was there and in uniform! God! How I wanted to rip it off him right there and take him on the floor but I decided to let him take the upper hand.

The door closed behind him and no words were spoken. He grabbed my waist and pulled me to him. His lips found mine. It was a hard kiss, passionate and sensual. Just the way I liked them. His hands searched my body moving one of them underneath my t shirt so he could pinch my nipples while the other one reached inside my sweats. It was easy for him to find my most sensitive parts uncovered because I very rarely wore any panties. Oooh, I'm such a naughty girl! 

I could feel the bulge in his pants growing and I reached down to grab that manly muscle. I rubbed it slowly up and down. He was breathing heavier now and my pussy was getting very, very wet from the assault of his fingers. I slid down his body and looked up at him. My, my, my was that lust in his pretty, blue eyes? I love to watch a man grow in his pants. There is a certain power gained knowing you are the one that caused it and I was ready to make him feel how horny I was.

He took off his belt and it fell to the floor with a thump. I reached up, unbuttoned and unzipped his pants. I smiled at him teasingly.

"Well officer, what do we have here?"

I reached in slid my hand through the slit in his underwear and felt the warmth of him. Oh! He was so hard and the pre-cum was dripping. I gently pulled it out of his pants. He had one of the biggest cocks I have ever seen. It was 8" long and at least 2" thick. Now I am not the kind of woman that does this often. I've had sexual encounters before but they were limited. I was getting a little nervous at his size but I was too horny to stop now.

I stroked his shaft while I licked the juices from the tip of his cock. After sliding my tongue around the head I stretched my lips around it and slowly, inch by inch started my descent on that massive member. I could only fit about 4" inches in my mouth so I stroked his shaft while I bobbed my head up and down on his cock.

He groaned and snaked his fingers through my long, dark, blond hair guiding me just the way he liked it. I slid my other hand up his thigh to the balls hanging down between his legs and milked them like I was milking his dick.

He must have liked it because he was grunting now and he started to thrust his hips back and forth fucking my mouth. Those balls were getting mighty tight and I wanted to feel them in my mouth so I released him and slid my tongue down the thick vein on the underside andI took one then the other in my mouth still stroking his cock.

He must have been ready to come because he grabbed me by the shoulders and roughly pushed me back on the floor. I just love being manhandled! He got on top of me and kissed me again. This time he didn't stop there. He made his way down my neck and literally ripped my t shirt off revealing my 36c breasts. Yup! You guessed it!  He went straight for the nipples, sucking, biting, licking. Oh! It felt sooo good. He squeezed my breasts together and moved from one nipple to the other before releasing them and sliding his tongue between them, down my stomach. This man was fluid in motion. His hands were pulling down my sweats as his tongue kept going. Of course, in order to get my sweats completely off he had to stop so I could lift my hips off the floor. He threw them to the side and forced my thighs apart and went straight for the kill.

Considering he was so rough before he was quite gentle when it came to eating my pussy. His tongue slipped inside my juicy hole a couple of times before he slid it up my crack to pull my clit between his lips. He had this way of vibrating his tongue while he sucked it.

"Oh my God! Yes! Eat my pussy!"

I came and I came hard thrusting my hips in complete and utter orgasmic pleasure. My body started to jerk uncontrollably as my orgasm started to subside. I relaxed as he licked my slit one more time before kissing his way back up my body to my lips. Our tongues were dualing while I felt his hand slide down between our bodies to grab his dick. I felt the tip against the lips and it was so hard and hot I almost came again. He rubbed it against my clit and slid it down to enter me. I was so wet he slid half of it in before my he found any resistance. I've never been filled so completely and he was only half way inside me! He pulled out slightly before pushing in again. He did this a couple more times until he was finally in me up to his balls. 

"Yes! Fuck me! Fuck me hard!" I said after giving myself time to get use to his girth.

He pulled out until the tip was just inside and started pumping me with long, lusty strokes. He reached around and grabbed the cheeks of my ass as he started pounding me. Now, being how he was pressed for time we decided to make it a quick one. He was grunting in my ear now. God! How I love a verbal man!  and I could tell he was going to come soon because he was quick stroking me now.

"Ahhhh! Oh! Yes! I want you to cum in my cunt! Fill me up!"

That was all he needed. 

"Oh yeah...get ready! I'm gonna' cum in your pussy!"

He thrust all the way in and I felt him pulse as he started filling me with his seed. I came again as he thrust each spurt into me, filling me so full I could feel it leaking out around his cock, dripping down the crack of my ass to the floor. He pumped one last time for good measure before I felt all his weight crush me.

After we took some time to recover he got up and made himself official again, giving me a kiss and a wink before heading out the door.

Until Next Time...