 Destiny lets the hot water beat down on her as her finger tips lightly caress a breast. Her firm, tight nipples perked to her touch. Slowly her fingers circle an erect nipple. The other hand travels down her lean, toned stomach. She hesitates for a moment. It has been some time since she has actually touched herself like this. Quickly she pushes the thought aside.

Her fingers touch everywhere, slipping over her throbbing clit. She lets out a soft whimper, feeling the pleasure rush up into her stomach. Her other hand pinches a perked nipple then twists it gently. Her fingers move a little faster and she moans as the feeling in her stomach intensifies. Her hips jerk, coming upward to meet her fingers. She rubs desperately to feel that release.

Soon she reaches that point to where her clit can't take anymore abuse. She slips her fingers into her hot, wet pussy. Her juices quickly cover her fingers and down her thighs to mix with the falling water. Her palm rubs her clit as she pumps her fingers in and out, reaching deep. As she continues to play with her breasts, her moans get louder and more urgent.

Then like an explosion, she feels her muscles twitch and spasm, threatening to make her fall. She lets out a long moan, shivering as the orgasm overtakes her. She continues to rub lightly, trying to make the feeling last as long as she can.

When the intense pleasure fades, she settles against the glass wall, catching her breath. After a few long minutes she cuts off the water and steps out. By the time she dries off and steps out into the room, her boyfriend is standing at the doorway. "I heard some sounds, are you okay?" he asks.

Destiny lets out a breath and says, "I was, but I think I could use your help."

"With what?" he asks.

"I want to do something different. I feel relaxed enough to try it." She smiles at him and tosses the towel to the floor, then climbs onto the bed onto her hands and knees. "I want you to fuck my ass."

Her boyfriend smiles as he takes off his clothes. He had attempted to o it before, but Destiny could never get past his cockhead entering her. He is not about to let this pass.

As he slides onto the bed, Destiny brings her hand to her pussy and rubs her clit. Her boyfriend presses his cock against her asshole and slowly pushes. His cockhead pops in and she lets out a huge sigh, tossing her head back. He grabs her slender hips, driving into her, filling her with his cock. Her moans urge him to keep going and he slowly starts thrusting his hips back and forth.

He continues pushing his cock in and out of her for a few long minutes before Destiny moans loudly, "Go a little faster!" 

He complies and begins thrusting his hips harder into her. "Ohh, that's it," she groans.

He pumps her faster and harder as her ass loosens up to his cock. He watches his cock disappear into her tight ass as it clenches against his cock with every thrust. The sight makes him harder and his cock to fill her even more.

"Oh my god," she squeals.

He can feel her asshole clench around his cock even tighter as she cums. Her body spasms and twitches sending him to over the edge. 

"Oh fuck!" he moans.

He drives his hips forward hard, causing Destiny to throw her head back once more and nearly scream. His cock swells as his balls tighten before letting loose a torrent of cum into her lithe body. He feels his cock throb several times with a load of hot cum shooting out each time.

Destiny is almost frantic as her pussy walls squeezes and release, squeeze and release. Her body shakes as another orgasm, bigger than before rushes through her. Her pussy juices rush out to coat her thighs.

He pulls his still throbbing cock from her ass. A string of sticky cum pulls from her ass to his cockhead as he pulls away. He breathes a sigh and Destiny spins around, letting his hot cum dribble from her ass. She grabs his cock, taking it into her mouth, driving it deep to the back of her throat before pulling it out.

"Mmm, that's good," she says. She extends her tongue, wrapping it around his shaft as she moves her head down toward the base and back up, licking all hers and his juices from it. She looks up at him as she releases her grip of his cock and says, "We're going to have to do that more often."