 It was during the spring of 2001 when my cousin, Dave, asked me to be the best man at his wedding. He was an only child and we also grew up as good friends. The wedding was to be in a small town in New Hampshire, where his wife-to-be, Katie, was from. The locale was so rural, that the small chain motel had no rooms left so Dave got me the keys to Katie's Uncle Jack's fishing cabin located on a lake about 15 miles out of town. As it turned out Uncle Jack had to be in Germany on business and much to his regret would miss the wedding.

On the Friday morning before the wedding I loaded my Volkswagen Golf with both my suitcase and my tuxedo on a hanger and headed north. I followed the directions that Dave had e-mailed me and after going down a dirt road finally found the cabin in the early afternoon. I located the key and let myself in. Calling it a cabin was a bit of an understatement because it was beautifully appointed albeit small. The living room had a huge stone fireplace with impressive overstuffed leather furniture. When I looked around, the bedroom had a very nice king size bed and the kitchen had all the necessities including an impressive liquor cabinet. Being this far north, the weather still had a bit of a winter chill to it so I started a fire in the fireplace, got a glass from the cupboard, and availed myself of some of Uncle Jack's bourbon.

I looked at my watch and saw that it was after 4:00 pm so I got up, went to the bathroom where I showered and shaved, and got dressed. By 5:30 I was at the church listening to the pastor give directions to everyone about the ceremony scheduled for the next day. It was not a large wedding with only me, two groomsmen, the maid of honor, and two bridesmaids. It all started at the church when I became aware that one of the bridesmaids, an exceptionally attractive woman at that whom was perhaps a year or two older than me, kept glancing in my direction. Moreover, it continued during dinner when it became even more obvious that she was flirting with me. Earlier we had been introduced—Martha was Katie's older sister, who I learned had been married for just a short time and was recently divorced.

After dinner I went back to the cabin, parked the car, and let myself in. The fire that I had started earlier had been reduced to embers so I put a couple of logs on and went back to the bedroom to change out of my suit into a pair of jeans and a sweatshirt. On my way back to the living room I stopped by the kitchen to pour myself another drink, but then heard a car drive up. Moments later Martha came into the cabin. "Can you believe that the motel screwed up my reservation?" she exclaimed with a certain air of dissatisfaction mixed with disgust.

"It's not that big a place so I assume that they're booked for tonight."

"Yes, they are and Uncle Jack's cabin was the only option I could think of."

"It's OK with me," I said thinking that she also knew that I knew that the cabin only had one bed.

"Great!" she said. "Let me go change, but in the meantime you can make me a drink. I'll have what you are having."

I made Martha her drink and took it into the living room. Several minutes later she joined me and was wearing a long plaid flannel bathrobe. I handed her the drink and then raised mine in a toast to Dave and Katie. We clinked glasses and took a sip.

"This fire feels good. It's taking some of the chill off."

When Martha reached to put her glass down on the coffee table the top of her robe fell open enough to reveal a perfectly proportioned breast. I had to wonder whether it was intentional because she made no effort to conceal it. Instead she said she was still chilled and snuggled up to me. She rested her head on my shoulder and put her hand on my chest.

In response I put my right arm around her and pulled her closer. Then I put my arm under her arm and fondled the right tit that had so conveniently revealed itself to me earlier. Martha offered no resistance and, as a matter of fact, snuggled in even closer. I let my hand slip down the opening in her robe, which also revealed that there was nothing except Martha inside. It might have been a little reach, but I was able to feel around until I found her bush.

"Oh, Rob, but I like that," she cooed then taking the initiative to find the zipper to my jeans. To say that I had developed an erection by this point would be only a huge understatement if not an outright lie. "And apparently, you do, too!" she added.

"I find you very attractive. And, yes, I'm enjoying every minute of this," I replied letting my middle finger find its way through the bush. I teased her clit for a few moments before inserting my finger into her now quite moist vagina.

"Oh, that feels great. Why don't we go to the bedroom and stretch out. It's been a really tough day and I want to relax and unwind. Just make sure to bring your drink," came the suggestion.

We both made our way back to the bedroom, but upon entering it was apparent that Martha knew what she wanted because the bed had been already turned down, the light on the nightstand was on, and there was even a small towel nearby. "Now, let's get you out of those jeans, she said unbuttoning them and pulling them to the floor showing my erection standing at attention under my briefs.

"You are a lady on a mission, aren't you?"

"You could say that," she replied slipping out of the bathrobe and standing naked before me. "Now are you to get into bed where you can fuck me or are we just going to stand here and talk all night?" she asked as she laid down on the bed and pulled her legs up to reveal the lips of her vagina behind a very nice well-trimmed bush.

I could not hold back any longer, so I peeled off my briefs and laid next to Martha on the bed. I resumed fingering her and discovered that she was one excited woman who was very amply wet with her own juices. Wasting no time I entered her, but took my time to use a variety of strokes hoping to pace my excitement, but to also escalate hers. Not surprisingly, she came first and then I did. It was a such a good fucking that it seemed like I just kept cumming for the longest time. After the long drive, the rehearsal dinner, and the intense fucking we just fell asleep in one another's arms.

Hours later daylight streamed through the windows of the bedroom, but then I noticed that Martha was no longer in bed and the aroma of coffee wafted through the cabin. I got out of bed and on the way to the kitchen stopped to pee first. That's when it became apparent one more time that Martha knew exactly what she was doing the previous evening because a recently used douche bag hung in the shower drying and a contraceptive diaphragm was out on the edge of the sink.

I went to the kitchen where Martha handed me a steaming mug of coffee. She was once again dressed in the long bathrobe and as I wondered what she was wearing underneath I once again got an erection. "By the looks of what I saw in the bathroom you not only enjoyed last night, but sort of knew you would."

Martha did not skip a beat. "A girl has to be prepared to have a good time. I was and I did. I just hope you did, too."

"I did. Thank you very much. Now before the two of us get all hot and steamy again I do think we need to shower and get ready for the wedding. It might be OK for the bride to be late, but if either or both of us did, it would not be good form."

Martha showered first and then I did. When I came out she was standing in the bedroom dressed in a strapless bra, bikinis, and a garter belt with stockings. This woman was just as sexy in her underwear as she was naked, maybe more so. As I stood there admiring her she stepped into her bridesmaid's dress and said, "Would you mind zipping me?"

"Glad to, although it would be more fun helping you out of it."

She let out a little giggle and said, "That will have to wait until after the reception and we're back here."

Some nine hours later we were, in fact, back at the cabin, but fortunately, I had also made a brief stop at a convenience store for a box of rubbers just in case things got interesting and she was not within easy access of her diaphragm. We had some great oral sex and then fucked twice that night before falling asleep. We did it one more time in the morning before parting company.

I never saw Martha again, but did hear through Katie that she had moved to Seattle, got married and was pregnant with twins. The thought of that weekend when Dave and Katie got married has never left me.