 My name is Mark and I've been married to my wonderful wife Beth for 23 years. We were high school sweet hearts and got married at 18. My wife and I work very hard, she is a lawyer downtown and after many years of working for someone else I decided to work for myself out of our home. About a year ago we got some new neighbors. Kevin and Nicole were both just out of college and newly married when we first met them and despite the age difference between us we all became fast friends. Four months ago there was big news, Nicole was pregnant. Not able to have children of our own my wife and I had adopted two little girls who were now in college. 

Nicole had been looking for work, but when the news came that she was pregnant she and Kevin decided that she should just stay at home until after their new addition. Well that left Nicole home alone a lot and being that I was working just next door she spent part of every day sitting in my office with me so we could talk as I was working.

One day after a doctor's appointment she came over and told me that she was having twins and was worried about what that would do to her body. Now before she got pregnant Nicole had a fantastic body. She's around five foot six, probably around 120 pounds, and perfectly proportioned. She was worried that when her belly was all swelled up with twins that Kevin wouldn't find her attractive any more. I told her that if he didn't he was a fool because a pregnant woman is at the top of her natural beauty as she carries out her role in the reproductive process. She seemed to think that Kevin wouldn't see things that way.

As the weeks rolled by Nicole's belly began to grow and I noticed a change in her. She seemed depressed, like something was missing from her life. One day in her seventh month as she waddled her way over to lay down on the couch in my office I asked her what was bothering her and I wouldn't stop hounding her until she finally gave in.

"Okay, there is something that's bothering me. It's Kevin." Nicole said.

"What, is he having second thoughts about the twins?" I asked.

"Oh no, he's thrilled about the twins, it's me that he isn't thrilled about anymore." Nicole said.

"What do you mean?" I asked.

"Before I got pregnant he was obsessed with my body. He used to have me walk around the house completely naked unless we had company just so he could look at me whenever he wanted. He was always all over me, we used to make love at least 3 times a day. Now, with me being pregnant he hasn't done more than kiss me and give me a hug since we found out we were having twins." Nicole said.

"Three times a day to nothing for six months, no wonder you're so upset, you're in withdrawal. I'm sure that if you talk to Kevin and tell him how you feel you can work things out. He's probably just worried about hurting the twins." I said moving over beside her and taking her hand in mine.

"I've tried talking to him. He says he isn't worried about the twins, he says...he says..." Nicole says as she begins to cry.

Offering her a tissue I ask, "What does he say?"

"He says that he doesn't find pregnant women attractive, even if the pregnant woman is me." Nicole says crying again.

"Oh now don't cry. Kevin is just a fool, I find you very attractive like this." I said gently placing my hand on her big baby belly.

"You do?" Nicole asked wiping the teers from her eyes.

"Yes, as I've told you that many times. You are at the peak of your natural beauty right now. I only wish my own wife and I had been able to have children of our own so I could have seen her like this, at the peak of her natural beauty." I said.

"You really mean that, you aren't just saying that to make me feel better?" Nicole asked.

"Of course I mean it. How can I prove to you that you are beautiful right now?" I asked.

"Would you.... Would you look at me naked and then tell me that I'm beautiful?" Nicole asked.

"I don't know, I mean we are both married, isn't that kind of a big step?" I asked.

"Please! I need you to look upon my pregnant form completely naked and tell me that I'm attractive. I'll know by the look in your eyes if you are telling me the truth." Nicole said.

I could tell by the want in her voice and the pleading look in her eyes that she desperately wanted to do this.

"Well, okay, if that's what it takes to prove to you that you are still beautiful then let's do it." I said.

I helped Nicole up from the couch and then I sat down as she began unbuttoning her maternity blouse. She turned away from me and let the blouse fall revealing her back to me. She peeled her sweat pants down off of her belly and stepped out of them and stood facing away from me in just her bra and panties. The bra was one of those that hooks in the front so she unhooked it and let it slide down her shoulders, down her back and to the floor. She then peeled down her white panties being careful not to give me a glimpse of anything as she did. She peeled them down to her ankles and stepped out of them and stood there facing away from me her bare ass pointed right at me.

I heard her take a deep breath and then she lifted up her left foot and turned around to face me. My god she looked incredible. Her already good sized breasts were beginning to swell as they prepared to feed the twins, her belly was huge, it looked like she had swallowed an entire Thanksgiving turkey. At the bottom of her belly was a thick mass of tangled pubic hair. My cock sprang to life in an instant.

Nicole turned from side to side posing to show herself off for a few minutes then got concerned when I didn't say anything.

"I knew it, you think I'm hideous." Nicole said beginning to cry and reaching for her clothes. 

"No, don't do that, let me soak in your beauty for a little while longer." I said in a euphoric voice.

"So you do think I look sexy like this?" Nicole asked.

"Does this answer your question?" I said as I stood up and dropped my pants showing her my erection.

"Oh my, you do think I look sexy. That's a nice cock you've got there, Kevin's isn't nearly that big, your wife is very lucky." Nicole said.

I noticed that her eyes were not leaving my cock as we stood there in silence her completely naked and me with my pants around my ankles with my rock hard cock standing at attention. I decided to see just how far our new relationship would go.

"You know, if you're in cock withdrawal there's a solution to your problem right over here." I said.

"Do you mean it? You'd have us betray our vows just for sex?" Nicole asked.

"Not just sex, unlimited hot wild sex between an older man and his hot sexy young pregnant neighbor." I said.

"When you put it that way it sounds too good to refuse. God I need fucked so bad." Nicole said.

"Come over here to the couch where you will be more comfortable." I said.

Nicole sat in a partially reclined position on the couch and I stood over her. She pushed her legs wide apart as I lowered myself so that my cock was at the entrance to her pussy.

"Are you sure you want to do this, we can still walk away." I said.

"Oh god, I need it bad, please fuck me." Nicole pleaded.

I eased forward until the head of my cock was against her hot pussy. I inched my way in slowly. Now I like to think my cock is pretty big, almost eight inches and really thick. Like any man it had done my ego a lot of good to have Nicole tell me my cock was bigger than her husband's, but I swear that as I was entering her for the first time my cock grew almost an inch.

Her pussy was so tight, I'd only ever been with my wife before and I had permanently stretched her out long ago so for me this was a whole string of special treats. Number one I was fucking my oh so sexy 22 year old neighbor, number two I was fulfilling one of my fantasies by fucking a pregnant woman, number three her pussy was so tight it was like taking her virginity, and number four her husband wasn't likely to touch her until after the twins so it was possible she would be back for more.

Nicole must have been really horny because she had her first orgasm after about one minute and then she had more and more as the minutes passed and I worked my tool in and out of her sweet pussy. When I was close to cumming I asked her if she wanted me to pull out.

"What the hell for, it's not like I can get anymore pregnant. Besides I want to feel your cum flowing deep inside me." Nicole said.

The "deep inside me" line sent me over the edge and I slammed into her hard and my balls emptied what seemed like an endless amount of cum into her pussy.

I pulled out of her and sat next to her on the couch as we caught our breaths. She leaned over and she kissed me passionately.

"You have no idea how much I needed that." Nicole said.

"Hey, no problem, anytime, what are friends for?" I asked.

"Anytime huh, how about we go again right now, I see your cock hasn't gone down." Nicole said.

"How could it? With a gorgeous naked pregnant woman wanting to use and abuse him he's gonna be up for a long time." I said.

"Well tell him I want to use and abuse him by having him fuck me from behind this time." Nicole said.

She got down on her knees and I got behind her and even after the pounding I'd just given her her pussy was still tight as I pushed into her from the rear.

Again she had orgasm after orgasm as I built towards my own second climax. This time I didn't even need to ask, I knew where she wanted my cum and I blasted the farthest depths of her pussy with my sticky cum.

I fell down onto her back and reached under her to massage her big baby belly as we caught our breaths.

"Do you think it would be safe to 69 with this baby belly here?" I asked.

"Yes, I asked my doctor and she said that all but the most rough sexual positions and techniques are perfectly safe for the babies." Nicole said.

Now I have loved eating my cum out of my wife's pussy since the night where she let me do anal for the first time in exchange for eating her cum filled pussy. I lay on my back and Nicole climbed on top of me so that her sloppy pussy was on my face and my cock was in her mouth. My wife has a particular method of sucking dick that I'm used to and expect so it was both exciting as hell and a little annoying that Nicole was working my shaft. She did things that my wife didn't but didn't do things that my wife knows I love. I wasn't about to question her technique for fear of setting her off and ending the whole thing.

We licked and sucked each other for nearly an hour she had many climaxes and I got close to one, but then I looked at the clock.

"Oh shit, it's almost five, my wife is gonna be home soon." I said.

"Kevin too. It's a shame to have to leave you half finished when you've made me cum so many times." Nicole said.

"Bend over my desk and I'll fire one off quick so you'll have some fresh cum boiling deep inside you to wear home." I said.

She bent over my desk and in no time at all I was grunting as I fired one more load deep into her love canal. We both quickly got dressed, I opened the windows to get the stink of sex out of the room and I walked her to the door feeling her incredible body the whole way. At the door Nicole gave me a big kiss.

"Maybe I'll have to come over earlier tomorrow, Kevin leaves by 8 every morning." Nicole said.

"Beth's out the door by 7:30 everyday so whenever Kevin leaves come on over." I said.

Every weekday after that there she was at 8 a.m. on the nose. Quite often she would wear her robe over and nothing else. We would fuck all morning and then after stopping for lunch we'd fuck all afternoon. I was never more glad that I was self-employed and in a job that I could do at any time of day. My wife was concerned that I was working too hard when I would stay up most of the night working. That stopped three days ago though. Nicole gave birth to two beautiful little baby girls. She's been waited on hand and foot by Kevin for the last three days so I haven't gotten a chance to talk to her about what the birth is going to do to our relationship. If it's over I'll still have the wonderful memories of fucking that gorgeous young pregnant neighbor for hours at a time, if not I'll get to fuck her when she isn't slowed down by the big baby belly. In the mean time my wife has been reaping the rewards of my increased sex drive. Since Nicole went into labor my wife and I have made love nearly 100 times in just three days.