 I figured it was probably about time to write about this and share it. I had been meaning to for a long time, but now that I finally have the time, I wanted to go ahead.

Last year, I had started work at a phone center in the town over. It wasn't anything too exciting, just giving people information about various organizations and programs that they could use to pay bills and such. At least I hadn't sold my soul to telemarketing. When I first started working there, one of the people who did training for new people was this girl named Beth. Beth wasn't my trainer, but I saw her every once in a while.

Beth was 21, about 5'4", a bit on the pudgy side, but she carried it well. She also carried her massive breasts well. I guess that's a plus of having some extra pounds -- some women end up being top heavy. She had short dirty blonde hair, and always wore lots of makeup to draw attention to her lips and eyes. She was cute in a sort of girlish way. She acted young, despite getting ready to graduate from college.

Beth and I didn't really start talking until after we were paired up to start training new people together. It didn't take long for us to start flirting and joking around with each other a lot. We'd send each other e-mails while we were working that were only just barely PG-13 rated. We always kept that line, though, because she was dating someone and I was married. We knew it was okay to flirt, and even to give long hugs now and then, but we kept it at that.

That is, until one night in the early summer. Beth called me one evening around eight o'clock. Apparently she was working a double shift, and someone had called in sick for the overnight shift. Since it was a 24-hour line, there were always at least two people working no matter what time it was. She asked if I would come for a "date," which was her way of flirting and teasing me and trying to lure me into hanging out with her. She mentioned that she had some movies that we could stay up watching, and we could cuddle. I laughed at that, knowing she was really just joking around. I said yeah, and planned to head in later that night.

I got to the phone center and waved as one of the other workers left. When I walked in and sat my stuff down, Beth was on a phone call, but she looked over and waved. I smiled, and sat down to get my computer up and going. After a few minutes, I got bored, so I decided to go over and tease Beth a little by giving her a shoulder and neck massage. She responded, lowering her head so I could have easier access. That probably went on for another 10 minutes before Beth was finally done with her call and hung up the phone.

"So," she turned in her chair and looked up at me, "what did you bring me?"

"What?"

"What did you bring for me? You're supposed to bring me presents when we go on a date." She smiled.

"Hey, I just gave you a massage. That's your present."

"Well, it wasn't much of one," she scoffed.

"What do you mean?"

"Oh, nothing," she muttered, and turned back to her computer to fill out some paperwork.

I went back and sat at my computer, and started to pull up solitaire. Before I even had a chance to lose one game, Beth came over and took my hand in hers. "Come on. Let's go watch a movie."

I didn't resist. I mean, which is better anyway -- watching a movie with a girl you've got a crush on, or playing solitaire?

We sat down on the couch in the TV room, and she leaned back against me and wrapped my arms around her as she started the DVD player. She must have already put the movie in before I came. It started, and we sort of absent-mindedly began to watch it, not saying much.

Beth had started to run her fingers along my arms gently. In response, I squeezed her with my arms, feeling my dick respond slightly as I squished against her breasts. Like I said, I had had a crush on Beth for a while, and the flirting and teasing had only made it that much easier for her to find her way into my fantasies and thoughts. It was that attraction that made me take a peak down at her, where I caught a glimpse of her resting with her eyes closed, her nipples erect, poking against the fabric of her shirt.

"Ow," she said softly. "You're poking me."

"Oh, sorry," I stumbled. I tried to adjust my legs to keep from poking her with my knees, but it only resulted in her falling between them, and lying against my stomach and crotch. I sighed, and tried to focus myself on keeping my now hard dick under control.

Beth started to rub her nails along my arms now, and she was resting her socked feet on my ankles. I don't know what possessed me to do it, probably the hormones rising up inside of me, but I decided to adjust myself and start to give Beth a massage again. Again she responded, pulling her hair out of the way and leaning forward a bit. My hands began to tremble a little bit as I touched her skin. They started to feel cold, and I wondered if she noticed. If so, she didn't show it. Instead, she just sighed and let me touch her.

I started massaging her shoulders, and with every rub and swirl of my hands, I moved just a tiny bit farther down the front of her shoulders. She didn't seem to notice or mind, and before long I was massaging her upper arms, the front of her neck, and almost touching the top of her breasts. She had started to breathe a little louder, and her knees were spread a little bit more as I was touching her. I thought maybe she was getting turned on too. I mean, it wouldn't be that unheard of. We had both acknowledged our attraction to each other before, just never acted on it. I decided to change that.

With one bold move, I moved my hands down and seized her breasts, squeezing them gently in my hand, and swirling my thumbs over the fierce rigid tips of her nipples. Beth moaned and sighed, and I knew she was okay with it. I started to rub her breasts, gently at first, but then a bit harder. I cupped my hands around them, and felt how soft and ample they were beneath the fabric of her shirt. She was wearing a bra, and I could tell that too. As I fondled her, she opened her mouth, and was breathing slowly.

Then one of the phones rang.

"I'll get it," I said shakily.

Beth said okay and leaned forward for me to get up. I looked back at her, noticing that her hair was slightly messed up, and how relaxed she looked, even though her face was a little flushed.

I sat down at my phone and picked it up. "Hello, Helpline," I began.

Some guy was asking about places to go to get help paying his heating bill. I started running through the checklist that he needed to follow, and waited while he went to get a pen. In that time, Beth came in and wrapped her arm around my neck, resting her chin on my shoulder. She didn't say anything, but when I looked at her she smiled, and took hold of my chair and turned it around so I was facing her. I smiled back at her, thinking she was just saying hi.

But Beth's smile was bigger than mine was. Silently, she sat down on the floor in front of me on her knees, tucking her hair behind her ears as she reached for my pants and started to unfasten and unzip them. I looked down at her, surprised, and she mouthed "It's okay" up at me. In a moment, she had pulled open my pants and unbuttoned my boxers.

Then I felt it. I felt it like little pin pricks. Beth's finger nails and fingers reached in and grabbed my cock, pulling it out gently. It was hard, hot, and throbbing. My body was trembling, and I felt my whole face heat up as she squeezed it in her hand.

"Okay, I'm back," the man on the phone said.

Then I felt Beth lower her mouth along my dick. Her hot breath, her soft, wet tongue... I couldn't help it and I shuddered and moaned a little on the phone.

"Sorry," I paused, trying to breathe. "Let me give you those numbers."

Shakily, I recited the places the man needed to call. All the while, Beth was gently moving her mouth along my dick, sucking it hard. My legs were quaking, and I was sure he could hear the tremble in my voice. If he did, though, he didn't comment. Instead, he took down all the numbers, thanked me for my help, and ended the call. I reached back to hang up the phone, and gasped as my dick throbbed, and I lifted my crotch into Beth's mouth.

She choked a little, and pulled her mouth off of me. Without her lips and tongue along it, it felt cold in the air. Wet and aching, I looked down at her. She stood up and grabbed my hand again, "Let's go."

Now Beth led me to one of the two couches that were in the room with the phones. We had couches so people who worked overnight could take naps if the phones weren't ringing. This was where she led me now. Silently, she stopped at one, turned, and started to undo her own jeans. As she was getting undressed, in between movements, she would reach over and grab and jerk my dick a little. I watched with anticipation as she wiggled out of her jeans, and kicked them over on the floor. Then she lay back on the couch, pulling her down with me.

As I lowered myself on top of her, I felt her wrap her legs around me, and I leaned down to kiss her. She leaned up into me, and we kissed deeply. We both moaned, and I could feel my dick throb and press against her panties. She sighed, and reached down to stroke my dick again.

After sliding my tongue into her mouth and kissing her deeply for a few moments, I lifted my body so I could grab hold of her shirt and pull it off of her. She was cooperative, alternating arms as I pulled her shirt off so she could still hold my dick, sometimes running her fingers over the tip of it to feel the precum.

Before I let her lay back, I reached around behind her and unfastened her bra, and she let it slide off of her, exposing her massive breasts. I groaned, and she looked up at me and smiled before pulling me down to her with both hands, forcing her tongue into my mouth.

Now I was aching. I groped her breasts, lowering my mouth to them to lick and suck her nipples. She arched her back, running her nails along my back as I did. I bit her nipples then, and she gasped loudly, and reached to pull my shirt off.

Her hands felt amazing. They were warm, and I could feel them rubbing all over the sensitive skin of my back. I could feel her long fingernails too, and every time they touched my skin my dick moved. I reached down to start rubbing her pussy through her fabric, feeling for the nub that was her clit.

Beth was wet. She was so wet her panties were starting to feel hot and humid. It wasn't hard at all for me to find her clit, and when I did she moaned, and for the first time she whispered my name. As I started to rub her clit in consistent circles, Beth closed her eyes and winced a little, and I could tell she was wincing in pleasure. She was making small moans which came faster as I rubbed her harder and faster. In a few minutes, I felt her start to tense, and felt her press her pussy towards my hand as she arched a little, legs trembling, and came.

It was hard to keep hold of her crotch, since she bucked a little as the orgasm hit her. But she came down soon, and I was able to resume. Now she was breathing a bit harder, and there was sweat on her brow that kept her hair stuck to her forehead. I reached down to push it out of her face, and she anxiously grabbed at my dick.

I could tell she wanted it, so I sat up a little and licked the palm of my hand, rubbing it on my dick to get it wet again. I did it a few times until there was a small coating of saliva before reaching down with my free hand to pull aside her panties. With one hard, shaky movement, I found her pussy hole and drove my bare dick inside.

We both groaned.

If you haven't had sex without a condom, or it's been a while, then you might not know how amazing it feels to have a wet, hot pussy wrapped around the bare skin of your dick. It is amazing. And that sense of amazement and overwhelming pleasure washed over me. It ran along my dick like tendrils, and it went through my whole body. And before I could think consciously, I was pounding my dick inside of her.

She was moaning, and her hand was pressed gently against my stomach, almost as if in a weak protest. I leaned forward, resting my hands on the arm of the couch as I began to plow her with my cock inside.

Her moans were getting louder, and I felt my body start to tremble as I looked down and watched my dick sliding in and out of her hairy pussy, her breasts bouncing a little with each thrust.

"Don't cum in me," she managed after a series of fast breaths.

That brought me back to reality, and I sighed a little, slowing my thrusts. "I'm sorry. I can stop."

"No," she said softly. "It feels good. Don't stop. Just don't cum in me without a condom."

"Okay," I said, making slow, gentle thrusts inside of her.

Another phone rang.

"No way," I groaned.

"It's okay," Beth reassured. She looked up at me. "We'll pick up here."

I smiled down at her and reluctantly pulled my dick from inside of her, walking over to the phone to answer it again.

Even now, I don't remember what the call was about. I was so flustered and excited that my body was quivering with adrenaline. I tried to get the caller off the phone as fast as I could. When I was done, I turned back to see Beth watching me, her hand gently rubbing her pussy which was now completely exposed. She had taken off her panties, and I could see them sitting next to her on the couch.

In response, I took hold of my dick and started to stroke it for her to see. She bit her lip, watching while she continued to rub her pussy. I could see her eyes close slowly as she sent waves of pleasure from her clit up her body. And before long, she was moaning audibly. I stood to walk towards her, and she leaned forward to take my dick in her mouth.

Her tongue felt like velvet, so soft and smooth, and she gulped me down like a hungry whore. I could feel her wetting my dick with her tongue, lolling it around until my cock was slick with her spit. She didn't even look up at me as she pulled her mouth off and climbed onto her hands and knees on the couch, reaching back to guide my dick into her pussy from behind.

I grunted as I rammed my shaft home. She grunted too, and gasped a little. Her head was buried into the cushions of the couch, and her pussy was massaging my dick. I didn't waste any time now, not knowing when the next call might interrupt. I started driving my dick inside of her, working hard to control my breathing to keep back from coming.

Beth was whimpering now. Squeaky little whimpers that reminded me of how girlish she could be. She was rocking her hips against my thrusts, slamming herself along my cock.

Beth seemed to know just how far to go, to poise my dick on the very edge of her pussy before slamming it back eagerly inside. She was bucking faster, and her whimpers turned into outright moans, and I could tell she was lost in the pleasure. I was too, and I started to grunt "oh yeah" and "that's it" and "oh God" here and there.

"Unn... fuck me..." I felt Beth suddenly shudder, her body moving and quaking with a small orgasm. Her pussy was sopping, and I could hear my dick pumping in and out of her wet mound. At her urging, I grabbed hold of her shoulders and put my all into to ramming her from behind. She gasped and screamed, and I continued to fuck her with my bare dick throbbing and aching inside. 

I felt my own legs begin to quiver, and I tried to bite my lip to keep myself under control. Beth must have sensed my effort, because she moaned luxuriously at me, "Cum on me." She moaned louder. "Oh God, cum on me."

I railed her now. I absolutely impaled her with my cock, shoving it in as hard and deep as I think it could go. I could feel her naked pussy walls, hot against my throbbing member, and I concentrated my energy on fucking her as much as I could before I needed to explode. It wasn't long before I felt the pressure rising, and I made some last, heavy thrusts inside of her, before pulling my dick out just in time to launch loads of cum between her butt cheeks and across her back. There was so much of it.

"Unn!" I groaned.

Beth's response was a series of coos and moans, and I could feel her body pressing against my wet, slimy, cum-covered dick, rubbing in the juices into her skin. She was panting, and I looked down at her to see the little streams of cum on her skin, one of her hands reaching back to stroke my partially limp dick.

"Oh God," she sighed. "I can't believe how long I've waited for you to do that."

I swallowed, trying to bring some moisture back to my now dry mouth. "I know."

"Well," she laughed, "that certainly makes up for you not bringing me a present tonight."

I laughed back.

"Mmm," she groaned, and I could feel my dick throb again. "What took you so long to make a move?"

"You know why."

"Yeah," she smiled. "What are you going to tell her?"

"I don't know. Nothing, I guess."

"Good. Then this can be our little secret..."

Beth turned over on her back, and now she was looking at me hungrily. Her hands were massaging her breasts and reaching down to her pussy, rubbing it heavily. She looked up at me as she did, "Do you want to be my fuck buddy from now on?"

"Mmm. Yeah."

"Good," she replied. Beth was eyeing my dick, which responded weakly. "Why don't you come lick me for a while? Then, when you're all rested up, we can go again."

I wasn't going to argue with that. So, getting down on my knees on the carpet in front of her, I lifted her legs onto my shoulders and lowered my mouth to her wet, burning mound. The rest of the night passed by so quickly. We were like rabbits, fucking every chance we got, taking turns teasing each other when we took calls. One time, Beth even rode my dick while I was in the chair on a phone call. Oh god. Even now, it makes my dick ache for her pussy.

And that, in short, is how our relationship changed from casual crushes to friends with benefits. With any luck, I'll have more to share as time goes by.