 *Thanks to everyone who sent feedback about my stories! Keep it coming, I love all your thoughts. To learn more about the characters in this story, please try reading And Daughter Makes Three and Spice It Up.*

Joe grunted and with a hard lurch lifted the heavy bag of cement into the air. With strong and steady strides, Joe carried the bag across the yard and with a huff, dropped it onto the pile of other bags. Taking his work gloves off, Joe wiped the sweat from his brow, where his brown hair had collected and stuck.

“Here take a sip of this,” Ed said, handing Joe a large bottle of water. “Sure is hot out here today. With all that snow we had just a few months ago, it’s hard to believe the summer months are coming up.”

Joe smiled and nodded in agreement, taking a long draw of water from the bottle. Ed owned a small landscaping company and Joe had been working for him for the past few weeks. At 25, Joe was in the prime of his life. Standing at just under 6’, Joe had a muscular body that reflected the outdoor work he had done almost all his life. Recently broken up with an ex-girlfriend, Joe moved into town to start all over. He applied for a job with Ed and the two hit it off as more than just a boss and an employee. Ed had recently arranged for Joe to join in with Ed and his wife Tricia for the couple’s first threesome. Joe had loved fucking Tricia with Ed and the three had spent some more hot evenings together.

“So, looks like we’re almost done here for the day,” Ed said, taking a sip from his own water bottle. “Tomorrow we’ll start mixing the cement and get moving on the walkway.”

“Ok boss,” Joe replied, finishing up the water. “Good thing too,” he said looking at his watch. “I’ve got my ride coming in a few.” Joe had told Ed about his recent car problems, awaiting the mechanic to release it from the shop.

“I told you Joe that I’d take you home,” Ed said. “Probably could swing by and see Tricia if you wanted to,” he smiled.

Joe thought about the older woman’s pussy and smiled. “Next time, boss,” he said as a black jeep pulled up. “My ride’s here.”

Ed looked at the young woman who emerged from the jeep and grinned at Joe. She was young, probably 18 or 19, with shoulder length, thick dirty blonde hair. She had a petite frame with a great curved figure accented by her tight jean shorts and her tank top. Her small tits poked through the fabric as she smiled and waved to Joe.

“New girl I’m starting to see more of,” Joe laughed at Ed’s smile. “Her name’s Vanessa, she goes the community college where we did that lawn gig two weeks ago.” Ed just smiled and wished Joe well.

“Hey there cutie,” Vanessa smiled, wrapping her arms around Joe and giving him a kiss. “God, you are a mess today,” she laughed wiping the sweat from her hands and arms.

“Yeah, worked hard today,” Joe said, pulling Vanessa hard against him, pressing his erection against her. “Worked up an appetite.”

“Is that for me?” Vanessa grinned, feeling Joe’s hard cock against her body. Joe nodded and Vanessa pulled away, leading him to the jeep. “Well, since it’s such a gorgeous day, why don’t we go for a drive? I know this little clearing in the woods by a small lake that we can go to. Clean you up a bit.”

Joe jumped into the jeep with a grin. “Let’s roll sister!”

Vanessa laughed and got behind the wheel, speeding off. Looking over at Joe from the corner of her eye, she saw that his erection and moved and was pressing up against his jeans. She could already feel her pussy getting very wet in anticipation. Vanessa had met Joe recently at the local community college. He was working with a small landscaping crew and when Vanessa saw his sweaty, hard body she almost fell to the ground. Since the winter months a few weeks earlier, Vanessa had been sleeping with her father Ron and his long time friend Jewel, and while all her needs were met by both, Vanessa felt she needed more. She could just imagine what Joe’s hard cock looked like and felt like as it slipped through her hands and into her pussy. It didn’t take her long to find out, and she and Joe had been seeing each other since.

“You look a little uncomfortable beneath the belt there Joe,” Vanessa grinned. “Why don’t you show me what’s making that bulge in your pants?”

Joe laughed. “A little preview?”

“Mmm-hmm,” Vanessa smiled, keeping one eye on the road, the other on Joe. He unbuckled his belt and lifted himself off the seat, pulling down his pants around his ankles. Vanessa could see his hard cock pressing against his boxers, and she reached over, slipping her fingers underneath the waistband and releasing Joe’s cock to the hot summer air. Joe pulled his boxers down the rest of the way as Vanessa’s hand slowly stroked his cock. 

“Mmm that feels good,” Joe said, “but now what about you?” Vanessa looked at him with a sidelong glance. “You got your show, now I want mine.”

“But I’m driving,” Vanessa replied.

“So?” Joe smiled, turning sideways in the seat and facing Vanessa. 

Vanessa’s hand reluctantly left Joe’s cock as she laughed and said, “Take the wheel for a second.” Vanessa quickly pulled her tank top over her head and discarded it to the back seat of the jeep. 

Joe smiled at the sight of her small, beautiful tits with their hard nipples. Joe had always loved women with big tits. Ed’s wife Tricia had nice C-cups, as did his ex, but Vanessa’s little tits made him drool. She looked so sexy with them, just proving that women can look hot no matter what size they have. Suddenly the jeep stopped and Joe’s attention went from Vanessa’s naked tits to his surroundings. They were off to the side of the road, no where near the lake or clearing Vanessa had promised him. “Where are we? I don’t see any lake,” Joe asked, looking around.

Vanessa climbed out of the driver’s seat and into the back without a word and just a smile. Joe turned to give her a questioning gaze, and Vanessa smiled. She undid the button on her denim shorts and slowly unzipped the zipper, sliding the shorts off her body and exposing first the neatly trimmed patch of dirty blonde hair above her pussy, then her wet pussy itself. She patted the spot next to her and Joe quickly jumped into the back seat. “I just couldn’t wait until we got to the lake,” she smiled, leaning down and planting a lick and a kiss on the tip of Joe’s cock.

Vanessa wrapped her arms around Joe’s neck and kissed him deeply, pressing her hard nipple against his chest, before taking off his sweaty t-shirt. “I don’t think I can wait another moment to have this beautiful cock inside of me,” she whispered, her voice dripping with desire, as she kissed his lips, neck, chest, her pussy grinding against his hard cock.

“Baby, I’m not gonna argue with that sentiment,” Joe smiled, his hands seeking out Vanessa’s tight ass and squeezing, his mouth sucking one of her nipples in and licking it.

“Oh yeah sweetie, mmmm,” Vanessa smiled and rose up from Joe’s lap. Her hand grabbed his hard cock and slid the tip along her dripping pussy lips. As he nibbled on her nipples, Joe could feel Vanessa’s juices flowing down her thighs and onto his leg. 

Vanessa slid the tip of his cock inside her slit and with a slow circular motion of her hips, pressed forward, and Joe felt his cock being engulfed by her warm, silky wetness. Vanessa smiled at him as she impaled herself on his erection. With a quick lick of her tongue on his lips, Vanessa jerked her hips back and then slammed them forward. “Oh yeah, that’s what I’m talking about, mmmmm,” she groaned as her body continuously slammed against Joe, taking his long shaft deep into her pussy. 

Joe moved his hips in unison with her’s, meeting Vanessa’s fast pace with a hard upward thrust of his own. Sweat dripped down their naked bodies as they fucked. Joe could feel himself building towards climax, and he grabbed Vanessa’s ass and slammed her into him even faster, even harder. 

“Vanessa, oh yeah,” Joe grunted, his breathing becoming more erratic the closer he came to cumming. 

Vanessa could feel his cock start to spasm in her pussy and she knew he was extremely close. She started kissing his neck, running her tongue along his skin, tasting the sweat of his body as she contracted her pussy around Joe’s cock.

“Yeah Vanessa, oh shit baby...ahhhhhh,” Joe groaned.

“Do it baby, cum in my hot pussy for me,” Vanessa whispered, licking his ear.

Joe grabbed Vanessa’s face and gave her a deep tongue kiss as his cock exploded inside her. Vanessa could feel the jets of cum slam deep into her insides, and she clamped her pussy muscles around his organ as it exploded again and again. Pulling away, Vanessa ground her pussy against him, as her own orgasm wracked her body in pleasure.

“Ohhhhhh baby yesssss,” Vanessa cried, her juices leaking down and covering Joe’s empty balls. Vanessa laid on top of Joe until she felt his cock soften inside her and slip out of her pussy. She smiled and gave him a deep kiss before sliding off of him, and leaning down to give his spent cock a soft lick.

“Vanessa, that was fucking amazing,” Joe grinned and leaned over kissing her deeply on the mouth. Vanessa could see the lust in Joe’s eyes, as he kissed her, moving from her mouth to her neck. Vanessa could see Joe’s cock getting hard again and she moaned. “Mmmm baby, you’re getting hard again.”

“Mmmm,” was all Joe could mutter as he sucked a nipple into his mouth. 

Reluctantly pushing him away, Vanessa climbed back into the driver’s seat of the jeep. “Come on stud, let’s get to the lake before we never move from this spot.”

Joe agreed and climbed back into the passenger seat as Vanessa drove off. He looked over at her and his cock stayed hard at the sight of her naked body. Her thick dirty blonde hair had been messed up from their wild lovemaking, and now it blew in the wind. Vanessa’s small tits moved and bounced with each bump the jeep hit on the dirt road, her nipples hard and slightly upturned. Joe smiled when he saw that her pussy was still dripping in arousal.

“Well, here we are,” Vanessa said and pointed. Joe followed her finger and actually did a double-take. They had arrived in a small clearing, covered with short green grass, which was swaying in the gentle breeze. Two or three small trees stood and their thick, colored foliage provided just enough shade from the beating sun. The same sun whose light was reflected off the mirror-like surface of the glistening waters of the lake.

“Wow,” Joe said, stepping out of the jeep.

“I know, beautiful isn’t it?” Vanessa said, walking over to stand next to him. “My daddy and I use to come here when I was a little girl.” Vanessa turned and ran her hand down Joe’s sweat stained body, wrapping her fingers around his erect member. “Let’s get you cleaned up,” she smiled and led him to the lake by his cock. The two slowly entered the cool waters of the lake, which felt invigorating on their bodies after the time in the hot, beating sun. Joe swam around behind Vanessa and gently took hold of her shoulders, rubbing the sweat of the sun away. Vanessa moaned as his hands worked up around her neck, his fingers digging into her flesh. His warm lips began kissing the nape of her neck as his hands moved down her body, fondling her small tits, running her nipples between his fingers. “Oh yesss,” Vanessa groaned as she felt his hands slide down between her legs to her pussy. Joe ran one hand along the length of her pussy and slowly slid two fingers inside, moving them in small circular motions.

“Oh God, that feel incredible baby,” Vanessa grinned, as she slid her hands down and joined Joe’s fucking fingers at her pussy. She moved her own fingers to her hard clit, and began rubbing it hard as Joe added a third finger to her pussy. Vanessa began bucking her hips against Joe’s fucking hand, as her own hand pressed down hard against her clit. “Mmmm ohhhh yessssss,” Vanessa groaned as her pussy spasmed around Joe’s fingers in orgasm and she fell back against him. “Oh baby, that was great,” she smiled, leaning back into his arms. “I want to feel your cock inside of me,” she whispered, her fingers seeking out Joe’s cock. “I want you to fuck me Joe.”

“Let’s go onto all that soft grass,” Joe suggested.

Vanessa pulled away from his arms and waded to the shore, where she laid her back along the soft, warm grass and lifted her ankles to her hands, spreading wide and exposing her wet pussy fully to Joe. Joe got out of the water and could barely control himself. The sight of Vanessa’s naked body and her glowing, wet pussy opened up to him was driving him mad. But he smiled as he positioned himself between her upraised legs and touched the tip of his cock to her warm slit. Vanessa moved her hips, trying to get his cock inside of her, but laughing, Joe kept rubbing the tip of his cock all along her swollen lips.

“Oh God Joe, fuck me. You can tease me some other time baby, but now just FUCK ME!” Vanessa cried and let her legs drop to Joe’s shoulders. Joe felt the tip of his cock slid into her pussy, as if Vanessa’s cunt was sucking his cock into her by itself. It felt both cool and warm as Joe slowly pushed his cock further and further into her, until he was buried to his balls in her pussy. Joe pulled out all but his tip and pushed back hard, sending his cock deep within her. Vanessa’s body began grinding against his and soon a hard rhythm was set up. “Oh oh ohhhhhh,” Vanessa grunted against Joe’s hard thrusts, her back arching in pleasure. 

Joe hands grabbed onto her small tits and roughly squeezed them, feeling her hard nipples pressing against his palms. Vanessa was rolling her head side to side as Joe fucked her. “Yes baby, fuck me hard, yeah mmmmm,” Vanessa urged on as her pussy tightened around Joe’s thrusting cock and she had another orgasm.

Joe’s hands left Vanessa’s tits and grabbed onto her legs, using them for leverage as he sped up his tempo, slamming his cock into her harder and faster. “Yeah baby, fuck me harder,” Vanessa groaned. Although she had just had an orgasm, she could feel the need to cum again building up inside her pussy. “Ohhh Joe fuck my pussy, it’s your pussy forever. Do it, explode inside me baby, fill me up with your cum,” she groaned.

Joe began rubbing a finger against Vanessa’s hard clit as his pace sped up. When she felt Joe’s finger against her clit, Vanessa couldn’t take it anymore. “OHHHHHH GOD,” she screamed as her pussy clamped around his cock like a vice. “MMMMM YESSSS,” she screamed loudly as her body thrashed from side to side in an enormous orgasm, her pussy drenching Joe’s cock and balls with her cum.

“Shit yeah baby, here it comes,” Joe grunted. “Mmmm yeah,” Joe moaned, slamming his cock hard into one last time. He collapsed onto Vanessa’s shaking body, biting her neck as his cock drained into her hot slit. His cum shot deep within her for what seemed like minutes before his balls emptied completely. Joe could feel Vanessa’s body slowly, gently moving against his still sheathed cock, milking him of every drop of cum. She felt too wet and slippery, and yet her muscles still held his cock in a tight embrace.

Joe rolled off of Vanessa and onto his back, sighing. “That was incredible Vanessa,” she smiled. “You are an incredible woman.”

“Mmmmm,” was Vanessa’s reply with a large smile. She sat up and leaned over, kissing the tip of Joe’s semi-erect cock, tasting both of their juices on it. Her tongue snaked out and licked off the excess cum from his shaft, and his cock sprang to life once again. Vanessa climbed up and deeply kissed Joe, her tongue playing with his. Vanessa kissed his neck and then licked his ear seductively.

“I want you to do something for me,” she whispered into his ear between licks.

“Anything,” Joe replied, his hand fondling his once again erect cock.

“I want you to fuck me in the ass,” Vanessa said slowly, covering Joe’s hand on his cock with her own.

“Oh God baby, you mean it?” Joe sighed. 

“I want this cock in my ass now,” she sighed, and rolled over onto all fours. Vanessa stretched her body forward, swaying her heart shaped ass in the air. “Get that cock of yours in my ass now sweetie,” she cooed.

Joe positioned himself in the grass behind her and shoved his cock into her sloppy pussy. Grabbing onto her hips, Joe began thrusting his cock into her pussy, coating his cock with her juices.

“Mmmm baby, fuck my pussy again later, get that cock in my ass and fuck me,” Vanessa moaned.

Joe pressed the tip of his cock against her anus, pressing it against her slowly. He felt the tightness of her ass as his cockhead was sucked in. With a hard push, Joe slid most of his cock into her tight ass. “AHHHH,” Vanessa moaned, half in pain and half in pleasure at the feeling of Joe’s cock penetrating her asshole. “Slower baby, slower,” she moaned and Joe advanced his cock in slow, circular motions until she felt Joe’s balls press against her. 

Joe leaned forward, kissing her neck. “It’s in all the way baby,” he said.

“Mmmm,” Vanessa moaned. She loved the feeling of Joe’s cock buried in her ass. As her ass slowly adjusted to having his cock inside it, Vanessa felt the feeling of pleasurable pain as she moved slightly against him. “Fuck my ass baby, but just do it slow at first,” she said, as Joe pulled back from her, his cock sliding halfway out of her tight ass ring.

Joe slid his cock forward again, and Vanessa moaned with excitement. “Yeah do it sweetie, fuck my tight ass,” she groaned, pushing back against his thrusts. Joe began moving faster and he was spurred on by Vanessa who rammed her ass back onto his thrusting cock. Invigorated, Joe grabbed her hips and fucked her ass as fast and hard as he could, while Vanessa screamed with delirious obscenities.

“Ohhh, fuck me, mmmmmm baby I’m your slut baby, ahhhhh do it fuck my slutty ass, mmmmmm,” she cried out as Joe pounded away at her.

Joe slammed his cock hard into her ass again and grunted as his cock emptied his load of cum into her asshole. Vanessa could feel Joe’s cum shooting into her ass and feel it start to leak past his sheathed cock and down the backs of her thighs. Joe reached around her body and starting rubbing Vanessa’s clit, sending her into overdrive.

“AHHHHHH FUCK OHHHHH,” Vanessa screamed as her body was wracked with a sweet orgasm, that seemed to continue on forever. Joe smiled as he looked down on her shaking body, sweat pouring from her pores, her ass clenching and unclenching around his buried cock, eventually forcing it out of her with a soft and wet plop.

“Damn,” Joe said, falling back to sit in his heels. His eyes stared at Vanessa’s gaping asshole, with his cum leaking from it. Her body was still shaking from her massive orgasm when Joe turned Vanessa over onto her back in the grass. Her eyes were closed and she was breathing heavily as he got down onto his stomach and lowered his head to her pussy.

“Ohhhh God ohhhhh,” Vanessa groaned as Joe’s tongue flicked against her clit and she started to have another orgasm. As she shook from side to side, Joe had a hard time keeping his tongue on her, when Vanessa hands reached down and grabbed two handfuls of hair hard and pushed his face against her drenched pussy. Joe began licking and sucking up all of her juices as her body stayed in a continuous orgasm.

Joe managed to pull away from her pussy, leaving Vanessa lying their making incomprehensible moans in protest. Seconds later, Vanessa felt Joe’s cock at her pussy. “Oh God, please,” she moaned looking at him with pleading eyes. Joe couldn’t be sure if she was pleading with him to fuck her or not to fuck her. His cock was so hard again that he couldn’t care less at that point. He placed his head against her soaked and swollen lips and start a long, slow push into her, sliding his cock deep within her pussy. “MMMMM,” Vanessa cried out in yet another orgasm as Joe began thrusting his cock into her pussy. It didn’t take him much more than a few strokes for Joe to shoot his load into her.
