 You hurry down the hallway of the hotel we agreed to meet at.  I had called you on your cell phone and told you the room number and that I was waiting for you there.  You pass a mirror and give yourself a once over.  Your hair is nicely done up, your dress, which barely covers your ass, shows off your legs.  Your erect nipples are visible thru the lightweight material of the dress because you have taken off your bra in the elevator on the way up.  "Not bad" you say to yourself.  You walk up and knock on the door.

You hear some shuffling inside, you imagine me looking at you thru the peephole.  You hear the latches being undone.  The door opens and you slip inside.  The door closes behind you as you step into a dimly lit room.  The only light is from the covered window, and a few candles spread around in the room.

You turn to see me locking the door.  I turn to you and smile, "Why hello!"  You giggle and say "Thanks for inviting me."  

"Oh.... anytime baby.", I say.

In a matter of seconds we are in each other's arms.  I hold you close to me, kissing you softly, gentle.  My hands run over your back.  You wrap your hands around my head, making sure the kiss doesn't end.  I can feel your breasts pressed against by chest.

My fingers brush against the zipper on the back of your dress.  I unzip the back, and slide the shoulder straps of your dress down off your shoulders.  I break the kiss, and move back, letting your dress fall to the floor.  To my amazement, you aren't wearing any underwear at all.  You stand naked before me.  I openly gape at your body.

"Like anything you see?", you ask.

"I like everything I see!" I exclaim.  Looking down at your pubic area, I see your tuft of pubic hair..."Darling, let me help you trim that bush though."

We walk into the bathroom, and you stand in the tub.  I grab a beard trimmer and trim your hair down very close to the skin, leaving only some stubble.  I clean the hair from the tub and run a hot bath.  You soak for about 20 minutes in it.  We kiss, and I soap you up and run my hands over your body.  Then you lay back in the tub, and I lather your pubic region up with shaving cream, and remove the last of your hair, leaving you smooth and clean as a newborn babe.  You reach down and touch it.  "It feels weird," you say, but I assure you it will be worth it.

You stand up and dry off.  Again you pose for me, and ask "Now, do you like what you see better?"

"Baby, I love it!" I say, licking my lips.

"Good, " you say, "but now it's your turn."

You pull my shirt over my head, and toss is casually somewhere in the room.  You undo my belt, and let my pants fall around my feet.  I hurriedly kick them away.  My cock is straining against my underwear. You run your finger along my shaft through the underwear, sizing it up in your mind.  You smile.

"Like anything YOU see?" I say.

"Haven't seen the best part yet." you reply and tug the undies down.  You're not at all surprised to find me already shaved.  You touch the tip, and run your fingers down to the base and back up.

I reach out to caress your tits, but you push me away..."Let's go get comfy." you say with an evil grin on your face.

We walk over to the bed, and lay down next to each other, kissing each other.  Our hands roam over each other's body.  My hands alternate between kneading your breasts and fondling your ass.  You have my cock in one hand, gently stroking it.  You moan quietly as I tweak your nipples.

I lay you on your back, with me next to you. "Lay back", I whisper to you.  I lay on your right side, with my left arm under your head.  Your right tit is next to my mouth.  I lick the nipple, feeling it stiffen.  My left hand wraps around your body to cup your left tit.  My right hand rubs your tummy, and slowly works itself down to your pussy.  

My mouth eagerly sucks your nipple, flicking over it back and forth at the same time your other tit is being massaged, fondled, tweaked, and played with.  I can feel your pussy.  It is very wet, and your lips open as my fingers brush against it.  I rub along your slit, up and down as I play with your breasts.  My finger slips inside you, and back out again up to your click.

I continue to suck and play with your tits as I finger you.  Your hips rise up to meet my fingers in your pussy.  Your clit is very sensitive now, you moan every time I rub it.

"You're driving me crazy!" you cry out, "please I need to cum. Please. Just a bit more!"

I look up at you and smile.  I extract myself from where I was laying, and move down to the end of the bed, between your legs.  "I think this should do the trick." I say.

I lean down and flick my tongue against your clt.  You grab my head, pulling it your pussy. "Eat me! Do it! Lick my clit!" you scream.  I waste no time in doing as you ask.  My tongue flicks across your clit.  I lick up and down, sticking my tongue inside your wet bald pussy.  Back and forth, up and down, round and round, I lick and suck you.  I pay special attention to your clit for a few minutes until I feel you tense up.  How I love to lick a cleanly shaved pussy.

"Yes! YES! Fuck! YES! I'm cumming...Don't stop!!!" you scream.  I suck your clit into my mouth, and waves of pleasure rock through your body.  I try to keep up with your thrashing.  Your legs stiffen and go into the air as you orgasm.  After a moment, you relax.  I get back up and lay next to you.  I watch you as you try to catch your breath.   After a minute, you look at me, smile, and say, "Turn about is fair play... Lay back".

I lay on my back, as you move down between my legs.  My cock stands straight up.  You wrap your hands around the base and stroke it up and down.  Your tongue licks the tip of it, tasting some pre-come.  As you stroke me, you take my shaft into your mouth.  Moving slowly up and down, your tongue flicks across the sensitive underside as you stroke my cock.

"Mmmmmmmm baby, that's it... Nice and Slow" I murmur.  You look up at me with my cock in your mouth and give the tip a few quick sucks, which takes my breath away.

After a few minutes of this excellent blowjob, I whisper "I'm not going to last much longer..."

"Good, I want you in me. NOW!" you say.  You turn around so you are on all fours with your ass in the air at me.   I get on my knees and position my cock at the entrance to your pussy.  I grab your hips and guide my shaft inside.

Just a few inches at first, back and forth, just a little.  You try to push back against me to get more in, but I don't let you.

"More. Please----Fuck----Me----I need it hard!"

I slide in about half way for a few strokes, then all the way, so that my balls hit your ass.  Using long strokes, I pull almost all the way out, holding your hips; I fuck you with long strokes making a nice rhythm.  You push back meeting my every stroke.  After a few minutes, I can feel my orgasm building.  I start to go faster.  "I'm going to cum now!" I say.  Faster and faster I enter you, until I bury my cock as deep as I can in you, and cum hard.

After I regain my senses, I pull out, and fall back on the bed.  You join me, snuggling up against me.  I smile, and look at you.  With an evil grin you reach down to stroke my cock.

"Give me a few minutes," I say...But you don't listen.  After a few minutes with you playing with my cock, it starts to become erect again.  When it is fully erect, you climb on top of me.  "I need to come again with that cock in me," you say.

I lower yourself onto my cock; you slid right on easily.  You grind your hips against me.  Leaning forward I play with your large tits, as you move on my cock.  Up and down you go, slowly at first, but the time for slow is over, and you speed up quickly. I reach down to finger your clit.

Your eyes open wide when I do, and you buck wildly on top of me as you come.  You fall forward on top of me, as your orgasm subsides.  

You catch your breath and can still feel my hard cock twitching inside you.... You get off me and look at my cock.

"I want you to suck my cock, nice and slow." I say.

You take my cock in your hand and stroke it a couple of times before running your tongue along the underside of my shaft.  You lick up and down, flicking over the tip.  You suck along the sides, up and down, swirling your mouth around.  Coming up over the head, you engulf my hard shaft in your mouth and go down slowly deep throating me.  You move your head up and down slowly, up and down, each time taking my cock all the way into your mouth.

"God, I have to fuck you.... Where do you want it?"

"Would you...would you fuck my ass?" You tentatively ask.

"If you want that, I'm game!" I smirkly reply.

You go to your purse and come back with a dildo (rather large) and a tube of lubricant.  You lather my hard cock with the lubricant making it all shiny and slippery.  You get on your hands and knees and lower yourself on the dildo. "I want the double penetration baby!" you laughingly say.

I finger your asshole, a little at a time until I can easily slip a finger inside.  I wait until you seem relaxed and then press the tip of my cock against your asshole.  With a little push, the tip slips inside.  I hear you "mmmmmmmmmmmmmmmm".

Further and further I push in, a little at a time, working it in and letting you get used to the girth of my thick cock. Finally I am all the way inside you. "Oh god..That's so good" you whisper.

I start to move back and forth in your ass.  You immediately start to move on the dildo too.  You gasp as you are being doubly fucked.  I move in long strokes, moving faster when you are ready for it.  Soon we are moving quickly, my cock slides in, the dildo slides out, then the dildo goes in, and my cock comes out.  Faster and faster we move...

"Oh yes!" you say, "So fucking good....so...fucking.....good...so....fucking good...good...fuck....fuck me....yes..FUCK ME...YES....FUCK! OH GOD..YES....I'm CUMMING..............." you yell.

Your body spasms as you cum once more.  You write in pleasure and call my name..."YES!!!!!!!!!!!!! YOU'RE SUCH A GREAT FUCK!!!!!!!!!!" This sets off my own orgasm.  My cock pushes in deep and jets of hot cum fill your ass.  I cum so much and so hard, that cum leaks out of your ass and down your legs as well.  I pump more and empty my cock completely before pulling out.

We collapse next to each other, our breathing ragged.  Finally we catch our breath and kiss softly, and then fall asleep.