 Josh was a little surprised to see the Jetta in his driveway; surprised and guiltily pleased. The Jetta was Allie's. Allie was the smokin' hot housecleaner his wife had hired. She was 5'4" with beautiful brown Thai skin and hair and just enough Caucasian in her to pack that petite frame with amazing curves. He had spilled plenty of loads in Amy just thinking about her hot ass alone. He still couldn't believe Amy had hired her but he wasn't complaining. Anyway, a mid-week visit was fine with him - he couldn't wait to see what sexy little outfit she was wearing this time.

Stepping into the house, he made his way to the kitchen where he stopped dead in his tracks, slightly dazed at the sight of his wife laying spreadeagled and naked, tied to the kitchen table, pillows under her hips and head. As his eyes took in the scene he could instantly feel his cock shifting around in his pants. Unaware of anything except Amy, Josh slowly moved forward, eyes lingering on the vibrator lodged inside his wifes clearly aroused pussy before they slid up and over the ball gag to lock on her eyes.

The counterpoint to Allie's perky 20-something, b-cup framed sexuality, Amy was a walking MILF wet dream. Long red curly hair, freckles and pale skin followed by great 36c tits, a narrow waist and hips and ass to die for. The only problem was she didn't put that body to good use. Josh was lucky to get into it a couple times a month, and then it was pretty vanilla at that.

"But she doesn't like this" was all Josh could think staring at her, dumbly. His cock now painfully hard, one hand absently rubbing it through his pants.

Muffled whimpers and moans to match the pleading look in Amy's eye carried toward Josh as he stopped at the foot of the table. By now her scent was overpowering. She had obviously been like this for a while. The vibe was barely buzzing but her lips were glistening and puffy, her clit engorged and protuding from it's home. Reaching out a shaky hand, Josh grabbed the vibe drawing a ragged moan from Amy as he nudged it. As he slowly pulled it out, her eyes widened and her back arched, pleasure racking her body. Head swirling with lust, Josh held the tip of the vibrator just inside her lips in hesitation. The sheer sensuality of the scene overriding his judgement he slowly pushed the buzzing tip up and over her clit before sliding it back down her lips and slowly back into her. Amy began bucking wildly, moaning as a powerful orgasm swept over her body.

"Mmmmmm...I thought I had you figured out." A thoaty chuckle behind him caused Josh to spin around to see Allie standing there in lingerie that he usually only saw in porn.

Her small, firm tits pushed against his back as she moved close to Josh. His head spun as her nails traced fire down his arm til her hand lightly rested on his.

"You *are* a naughty man, aren't you? I bet this sexy wife of yours doesn't even come close to taking care of you." Josh nodded dumbly in agreement, the whole situation simply overwhelming rational thought. Her hand lightly riding his while he continued to fuck Amy with the glistening vibe, she leaned up and whispered into his ear with another sultry laugh.

"I could tell. I can always tell. Look at her body Josh. She's made for fucking. Just think how many men jack off thinking about her. But she never fucks you does she? She might lay there and have sex but it's never what you want, is it?"

A shake of the head this time as she continued, "Just look at her now though. she's had one orgasm after another since I got here. She's quite the little slut now, isn't she?" As if to prove her point, Allies hand slid off Josh's and up to Amy's swollen clit, where she rolled it expertly between her fingers. Amy's body heaved again, guttural moans coming from deep within her heaving chest.

Josh moaned, his cock painfully hard and ready to burst. "Poor boy. You're married to her and never once have you had as much fun as I have in a few short hours. She's been cumming all day. Don't worry, the three of us are going to have lots of fun. That cock of yours will finally be appreciated."

Amy stood on her tiptoes with a laugh, her lips kissing up Josh's neck to his ear. Josh shuddered as her hot tongue flicked around his ear, groaning again as she whispered, "I bet you're ready to pop, aren't you lover? Guess what? I'm going to make you cum baby. Here, have a taste."

Now coated with juices from Amy's swollen pussy, Allie moved her fingers to Josh's lips where he greedily sucked on them. Her other hand began exploring his cock through his pants. "mmmmmmm. Your cock feels so hard. You do need to cum don't you lover? Go ahead, it won't be the last time."

With her hand expertly rubbing him, Josh knew he was close. Her fingers easily found the sensitive ridge under his swollen head, which she teased mercilessly before pushing and squeezing the shaft. It was too much. His hips quickly bucked forward as his back hunched, trying to fuck a hole through his pants and into her hand. "Oh. My. Fucking. Godddddd!" He almost collapsed with the first explosive surge of his orgasm. Wave after wave of the most intense pleasure he had ever felt swept over him with each jet of hot cum that emptied out.

Allie hissed, "Yesssss, cum for me lover. Show your wife how a real slut makes a man feel. Mmmmm, god, I can feel your cock throbbing." Turning to Amy, she said more sharply, "Bitch! How could you let this lovely cock go to waste? You will learn how treat it better. First, I bet it needs to be cleaned off."

The vibrator forgotten, Josh stumbled back and as Allie moved around to Amy's She moved to Amy's head where she removed the ball gag. As Amy gulped in air in between panting breaths, Allie turned warned her,"You are going to do everything I want you to, one way or the other. You've had a little taste of how good I can make you feel now. Do it the right way, and you'll feel even more. Josh? Come here lover, let's get that lovely cock cleaned off."

Josh walked over unsteadily where Allie quickly undid his pants and pulled out his now soft but still sensitive and cum covered cock, laying it across Amy's lips which she closed tightly. Grinning wickedly and Wiping her fingers on Amy's face, Allie walked back down to the foot of the table where she pulled a chair up to sit between Amy's legs.

"You just leave that sexy cock right there baby, we'll let wifey take care of the mess." Pulling the vibrator out, she leaned in and slid a tongue up and along Amy's overstimulated pussy to her clit, sucking it into her mouth. Amy moaned, allowing Josh's soft cock to slip into her mouth. 

As she pulled her mouth away, Allie sat up and warned, "I told you, you will do what I want you to one way or the other. Now show your hubby what a hot little slut you are." With that she went back to work on Amy's dripping pussy.

As Amy began to moan again, Josh looked down at the sight between her legs and felt his cock begin to twitch again. As Amy's mouth began to open uncontrollably, he made sure his cock stayed on her lips. Amy struggled to avoid it at first but as Allie worked on her she began to give in, moving her mouth away less and opening it up more til her lips were actually surrounding the head. Josh began sliding his quickly stiffening cock into her mouth as Amy reacted to Allie's attention.

Tilting her head up to get a better angle, Amy sucked the top half of his cock into her mouth. The cum on his cock was quickly replaced by glistening saliva as Amy hungrily sucked him off. Deeper she took him, her mouth working in time to her hip rising to meet Allie's mouth. Amy grinned as she saw the effect she was having, turning the couple into slaves to their lust. It took a while after the first orgasm but she could tell Josh was getting close again. His eyes were closed and his cock was so swollen and thick his head was like a thick plum in Amy's mouth. Sliding a finger between Amy's ass, she began to lightly finger it, pushing her past the point of no return. Amy, feeling her orgasm coming, attacked Josh's cock, the veins in her neck standing out as she forced her mouth as far down the shaft as she could go. Finally, it was too much and her cunt exploded with pleasure, starting a chain reaction with Josh. For the first time in their marriage, he felt himself erupt into her mouth. Like a woman possessed, Amy devoured every spurt until Josh fell back exhausted and she dropped her head back to the table moaning.

Allie sat back grinning again, her thick nipples hard and protruding, obviously excited herself as one finger slid along her pussy. "Mmmm. Oh yes. We are going to have lot's of fun today!"