 Shelly came to Deb's apartment knowing that this was their first time together alone. After a few drinks and some small talk about classes they were taking, Deb put Shelly at ease. Deb told Shelly to take off her clothes and her makeup. Standing naked before her, Deb noted that Shelly was attractive with an athletic figure. But dressed down and with her hair pulled back, she looked more like a librarian than a sexy college student. Deb instructed Shelly to dress differently when she came over. Deb had Shelly sit down and put lipstick and eye shadow on her. She let Shelly's hair fall free and had her look in her mirror. Shelly liked what she saw. Shelly's first lesson was done. The next lesson took place on the bed where Shelly laid back and had her hands tied to the bed posts. Deb then got out her vibrator and had Shelly lick it, telling her that it was Debs cock and she was going to pleasure her baby. This got Shelly excited and Deb was surprised how excited she was getting. 

Deb started fingering herself as she held the vibrator. Then she moved it across Shelly's nipples. The vibrations were getting them hard. Deb then moved it down her stomach and right to edge of Shelly's hairy pussy. Deb asked if she was a virgin and Shelly shook her head. Surprised, Deb guided it into Shelly's pussy. Moving it in and out, suddenly she found that Shelly had lied. Deb slapped her twice and told her never to lie to her, no matter what. Going into the bathroom Deb came back with a razor and proceeded to shave her and told her to keep it shaven from now on. Deb continued to play with the vibrator, stretching the pulsating device further and further in with Shelly squirming and shaking until Shelly suddenly relaxed and whimpered. You are no longer a virgin, Deb said and proceeded to stroke her until Shelly had her first real orgasm. 

I was worried that Deb would have difficulty being submissive to me and to Bethany but dominating Shelly. I watched for signs that she was resisting my domination, but I didn't notice any. She still visited my office for sex play, and she is even texting me in the morning for advice on what to wear to class. If anything, she encourages me to dominate her more intensely. Yesterday, I had her tied up and blindfolded and she confessed that she had lied and needed stricter punishment. I agreed and leaned her back on the bed. I took one of the candles that lit the room and started dropping hot red wax onto her stomach. She squealed at first but kept herself under control as I dropped more hot wax, first on her stomach, then on her breast and finally onto her nipples. Dropping the hot red wax on her erect nipples was painful for her, but Deb handled it surprisingly well. After her punishment, I carried Deb into the bathroom, filled the bath tub with warm water, and gently removed the wax off before we made love. 

Deb and I prepared dinner. Her former roommate Jen was coming over and she wanted everything to be perfect. Although Deb did not have a lot of friends, she had kept in contact with her old roommate. When she arrived, we had a few drinks. After dinner we had another drink and I asked Jen how her life had changed since freshman year. Jen said the main thing was that she now proud to be bisexual. You could have knocked Deb over with a feather! Deb was in shock but managed to ask Jen when she knew she was bisexual. Jen said she figured it out in her second year but she admitted that she had really admired Deb's body and had fantasized about sleeping with her. Deb, now really flustered, lit a cigarette. Deb caught my eye and she knew what I was going to say. She silently looked away, but I went ahead and asked Jen if she would be interested in a threesome sometime. Jen was taken aback at first but then she acknowledged that she would love one. We agreed that this coming Friday would work for us. As she left, Jen kissed me and then went over and gave Deb a kiss on her cheek and then on her lips. 

Deb and I talked before Jen came over. I had never seen her so stressed. I assured her that the relationship between Jen and her would not be the same as with Bethany and her. This would be a carefree threesome where we just did whatever we wanted. That seemed to satisfy Deb and she was her usual self when Jen arrived. Jen was full of sexual energy and she started to strip almost as soon as she got in the door. I had her undress me and after she removed my pants she started playing with the bulge in my shorts. As Jen was playing, Deb started removing Jen's shorts and began to finger Jen. Jen then began licking my cock with her tongue in long, slow motions, getting me incredibly hard. I walked Jen over to the bed and entered Jen's pussy. She hadn't had a cock for a while and the tight pussy hugged my cock in a way that drove her nuts. Deb joined in and started sucking Jen's nipples in concert with my thrusts. Soon Jen was erupting all over us. Deb licked her and then kissed her as we wound down. 

Jen and Deb met the next day. I wish I had told you my feelings freshman year, Jen said. What a semester that would have been! Deb smiled and nodded, knowing that she wouldn't have been ready then. They kissed, sweetly at first and then Deb got more aggressive and pushed Jen down on the bed and played with Jen's nipples. Jen signaled that she liked the more aggressive turn and opened her legs. Recognizing the encouragement, Deb inserted her finger and worked it deeply, first with one finger and then with two fingers and finally with her whole hand. Jen was loving it. Slipping her hand in and out, Deb rubbed Jen's clit until she had an intense orgasm. Deb then let Jen lick her as she masturbated, finally shuddering and squirting all over Jen's face. Jen seemed to enjoy it and licked her dry. As they held each other, Deb lit a cigarette, lay back and caressed Jen's hair. Jen took the cigarette and took a few drags. I didn't know you smoked, Deb said. There are a lot of things you don't know about me, Jen said. 

Shelly met Deb at Deb's apartment after work. She had been getting together with Deb weekly since Deb had started working at the clothing store. This week Jen joined them. Jen had talked with Deb ahead of time and they agreed to share the domination of Shelly. In fact, Jen suggested that they both bring strapons and take turns. Deb smiled and told her that Shelly might freeze like a deer in headlights. Jen said she had plenty of ways to encourage Shelly if needed and chuckled. Jen and Shelly hit it off from the beginning. She took off Shelly's blouse and bra and started to kiss her and suck and stroke her nipples. Deb followed suit and removed Shelly's slacks and underpants, licking her pussy and teasing Shelly's ass with her finger. Unaccustomed to being pleasured by two women at once, Shelly was overwhelmed and quickly had an orgasm. Jen told Shelly to lick her. As Shelly loosened her belt and unzipped her leather pants, she revealed Jen's red glassy cock. Shelly started to run her tongue along Jen's strapon, ringing the cockhead and then sucking it. 

Jen then told Shelly to grab her ankles and entered her standing up, starting with slow deep thrusts and then faster shallower thrusts. As Jen fucked Shelly, Deb unzipped her pants and pulled out a longer thinner cock and started stroking it. When Jen pulled out, Deb stepped up and started fucking Shelly roughly, causing her to weep. Jen then took over, fucking her even harder than Deb. After their tag team fucking, Shelly couldn't stand up and Jen pushed her to the floor and started wrestling with her, pinning her shoulders to the floor. Jen raised her hand in victory and claimed her victory by fucking Shelly, this time up her ass. Wow, Deb thought Jen is really getting into this. 

Later that week Deb noticed Shelly arriving a bit late to work each day. She seemed a bit tired too. After some small talk Deb mentioned the tardiness and Shelly stalled but eventually she confessed that she had moved in with Jen. Deb was pissed because Shelly had not asked for permission from Deb to make such a decision. Shelly nodded and told Deb that she expected to be punished and fired from her job, but she was intensely attracted to Jen. This was her dream relationship and she had to go for it. Shelly said that Jen knew what she was thinking and pleased her and punished her in ways that no one else had done. Shelly leaned over and showed Deb the welts on her back remaining from Jen's whippings. She said that Jen knows how to combine pleasure with pain and that sometimes the sessions lasted late into the night. Sometimes after the whipping sessions, Jen would hold her while she cried and give her some pills to ease the pain.