 The alarm sounded and I fumbled to turn it off still half asleep!

"Urgghh!" I heard myself say knowing I couldn't afford to snooze, I knew I'd fall back into a deep sleep and today I just couldn't afford to be late under any circumstances.

Pulling back the quilt I threw my legs out and stood up and as I stumbled to the door I realised I had a raging stiffy pressing against my shorts. My hand automatically grabbed it through the thin cotton material. 

For a second I hesitated before opening the door and dashing for the bathroom but then thought no, it's far too early for anyone else to be up. I'd risk the short dash to the bathroom with my raging stiffy still intact. (Big mistake).

As I crossed the landing my worst fear became reality. Jessica's door suddenly swung wide open and there she stood.

She looked at me with a steady gaze as I tried to hide my embarrassment and continue my rush to the bathroom door, tripping clumsily as my eyes widened and face reddened.

"Stop!" She said loudly and commandingly.

For some strange reason I did just that and froze on the spot...

"Ahemmmm, and what time do you call this?" She demanded to know.

As I started to stammer a response she came to me fast and just grabbed hold of my cock!

"What's this?" She barked. 

"A morning stiffy! Well, I need this! I NEED IT RIGHT NOW!!" She whispered menacingly while looking me in the eye, squinting and squeezing my cock harder.

She looked for any sign of argument and at that moment reminded me of a Drill Sergeant inspecting recruits. I was still speechless with shock and embarrassment and couldn't make an intelligible sound at all!

"Come with me." She said as she pulled my cock firmly and led me along behind her. 

I still couldn't utter a word and as I tried, I was cut off.

"Be quiet and just do as you're told. Understand?" She looked back coldly.

Suddenly remembering the importance of today I finally found my voice.

"Look Jessica, I can't be late today. I have an interview at work. If I'm late I'll have no chance!" I said meekly, pleadingly as I stumbled along behind her!

"Well, the quicker you do as you're told the sooner you'll be able to leave wont you! Now stand there."

She released my cock and I stood exactly as she'd commanded. She'd had gripped me so hard I could still feel her hand after she'd let go. Any other day I would be thrilled with her game but I was desperate to get away. This promotion had been a long time coming and I wanted it. I wanted the salary too! I glanced across at the clock on the wall and decided I'd play along for five minutes. After that I would have to go, no way could I stay longer! I told myself. 

I looked at Jessica and my eyes took in her amazing body. She wore just a vest that just about covered her bum and strained to hold her amazing breasts. I'd admired her and had seen her dash from bathroom to bedroom naked and dripping many times. Seems she always forgot to take a towel!

I wasn't complaining though and thought it a perk of sharing a house with two female students. I was sure they did it on purpose anyway. Flashing and flirting almost everyday, teasing with requests to zip up this or unzip that. Usually not even waiting for me to leave before taking off whatever garment I'd unzipped. No wonder I was almost permanently stiff and horny!

"Stop staring at my tits and take those ridiculous shorts off!"

I jumped at the harshness of her voice and was slow to absorb her order.

"Tsk, don't bother, I'll do it!"

She moved incredibly fast and her hands gripped my shorts and yanked them down to my ankles in a flash. My cock sprang up and I looked down at it stupidly before looking back to see her eyeing me up and down. I was more embarrassed than ever.

"Hmmmm, now that's better, let the dog see the rabbit." 

My jaw nearly hit the floor hearing her words and I tried not to laugh out loud. 

"Let the dog see the rabbit!" I said incredulously.

"Did I give you permission to talk?" She said loudly and pushed me backwards till I slumped into a waiting chair, eyes wide, cock pointing upwards.

"Now, just sit there and keep that cock hard for me. Don't you dare let it go floppy!"

Jessica turned and bent over as though touching her toes. Her luscious bum inches from my face. She hooked a finger each side of her panties and slowly teased them down over her bum to reveal her delicious pussy. I took a gasp of air and licked my lips. Her pussy was smooth and hairless and her labia glistened wet. I felt a fresh surge of blood pump to my cock and I couldn't stop myself grabbing hold and stroking.

"That's it, work that cock for me, Mmmmm...yes, stroke it, play with it.

DON'T YOU DARE CUM!!" She suddenly ordered.

"I'll tell you when you can cum!"

Her hand suddenly appeared as she spread her legs and a finger stroked her slit. Slipping over her juicy labia and spreading her lips giving me a look inside. I moaned and wanted to bury my face there, lick and taste her.

"You like it don't you?" She stood up and turned facing me. "Bet you want to lick it!"

In one movement she pulled her vest off releasing her tits and threw it aside.

"I've seen you looking at me you old pervert! Did you think I wouldn't notice your eyes following me around, looking at my tits every chance you got? And my ass, don't get me started on that, you're a dirty old letch lusting after me. I bet you go and smell my panties while wanking don't you? Look!... You can't even resist staring at my tits now!"

She grabbed me around the neck and pulled me to her, pressing her tits into my face. Her fingers pinched a nipple and traced it around my lips. I couldn't stop my tongue coming out and licking, my mouth suddenly eager and hungry to suck.

Before I could get my lips around her nipple I was roughly pushed back into the chair.

"Hah, you don't get to taste anything until I say so, understand?" She giggled, enjoying the power and my helplessness.

She stood in front of me, hands on hips and legs apart watching as my eyes slowly drifted down to her pussy mound.

"Awww, you really want to taste my little pussy don't you?"

Her foot came up and rested on the chair between my legs. I jumped, startled by the swift movement but relaxed and sighed as her toes brushed my balls gently. 

She thrust her hips forward and spread her lips again.

"Oh look how wet she is now!"

Her fingers slipped in easily and I watched mesmerised as she wriggled them in and out. The wet squelching sound made me lick my lips.

I glanced up and Jessica was smiling down at me. Her tongue slowly licked her top lip and she moaned while gently biting her bottom lip.

Smiling again, she knew I was gagging and in a state of pure lust, I looked back to her pussy and the wet fingers playing and stroking. My own hand worked my cock as instructed.

"Ohhhh I wonder what that cock of yours feels like stuffed into my tight little pussy?"

I gasped at the thought and released my cock for fear of spurting prematurely!

"Hahaha, do you like the thought of that, have you been thinking about fucking me? Do you wanna fuck me now?"

I opened my mouth to answer but before I could say a word Jessica answered for me.

"Of course you do, you want it so bad, you've been dreaming about fucking me every day for months! hahaha."

She lowered her head and looked at her pussy.

"God, look... I'm getting wetter, dripping."

Her fingers slipped out and she smoothed all her sweet juices around her mound, stroking them through her lips and circling her clit. Pulling her labia lips, stretching them, they glistened and I wanted to lick and suck her, taste her.

"Look at that." She said holding her fingers in front of me. They were so wet and I could smell her pussy juices. I was gasping and my cock strained hard as suddenly she put two fingers in my mouth.

I sucked and licked, tasting her, wanting every drop of juice I could get.

"That's it you dirty boy, lick it all off, you love the taste of my pussy don't you!" 

"Mmmmmmm, yes." I managed to mumble as my tongue searched her fingers for more.

Her hand slipped behind my neck and pulled my head towards her wet pussy. Her leg spread wide and I buried my face there, lapping at her lips, probing as far as I could reach. Sucking on her clitty and swirling my tongue around. I heard her moaning and her hands pressed my head hard into her groin. I put one hand through her legs and the other around her thigh grabbing her ass cheeks, pulling her hard to me as my tongue probed and swirled deeper, sucking and swallowing as my mouth watered and mixed with her juices. I was like a starving man, getting as much of her pussy into my mouth as I could. I was greedy for her. 

"That's enough!" She said pushing me roughly back into the chair. 

"You're doing well but let's see if you can keep me happy a while longer." 

Kneeling between my legs and pushing them apart as far as they'd go. Sliding my bum to the edge of the seat my cock was inches from Jessica's lips, her breath was hot and I held my breath in anticipation. Her lips pouted as her hands slid along my thighs closing in on my straining cock. I hoped I could last and not spill my seed before she wanted.

As a hand slowly wrapped around my shaft, sliding up to the tip, another stream of pre-cum spilled out. 

Jessica quickly licked it and sucked on my cock.

"Mmmmmm, yes, I want more juice!" She whispered up to me.

Her free hand pushed my leg up giving access to my ball sack. 

I closed my eyes as I felt her tongue swirling all around my balls. Gently each was sucked in and the heat of her mouth teased more clear juice from my cock. It ran down my shaft and Jessica was quick to lap it up before returning to my ball sack. 

I loved the feeling and flexed my hips up, willing her to suck my cock. I didn't have to wait long as I felt the heat of her mouth surround me. As her hand cupped my balls her head moved slowly and rhythmically up and down. 

"Oh shit, that feels so good." 

My voice was strained and my body flexed rigid. My cock was as hard as could be and I sweated as Jessica worked me.

"Mmmmmm, I needed this," she whispered while breathing deep. 

I moved my hips in time with Jessica and watched thrilled as my cock disappeared deep in her mouth. I wouldn't be able to hold back much longer so gasped with relief when she released me. My cock was wet with Jessica's saliva. 

"I think you're ready now, you've done well so far but you need to control yourself a while longer. Don't you dare cum till I say!"

She stood and turned her back to me. Bending over again she gave me full view of her soaking wet pussy. 

I'm going to sit on your lap and you're gonna guide that wet cock into my wet pussy!"

She straddled my legs and I did as I was told, I held my cock and kept it on target to slip inside her.

I watched as her sweetness lowered to my eager cock. As her pussy touched she moved back and forth, slipping him between her labia lips. I felt her opening and she slowly bounced up and down taking more of me each bounce. I held my breath involuntarily as her hot wetness surrounded me. I flexed my hips up, my body tensing rigid as I watched her pussy rise and fall, her butt cheeks slapping against my thighs harder each downward thrust. I took my weight on my hands and began thrusting up in time to her downward movement.

"Stop that!" She ordered... "Just hold still and let me do it, keep that cock still."

I did as I was told throwing my head back and gritting my teeth, fighting the urge to thrust.

"Mmmmm yes that's it, this is what I need." She thrust wildly.

Her pussy sucked on my cock on the upward movement and it was a joy to see and feel. Juicy wetness squelched and added to the already screaming senses flowing through my body.

I reached down and squeezed the base of my cock trying to delay the inevitable. I would fail for sure as my eyes feasted on Jessica's rising and falling butt.

"Fuck! Jessica I can't hold back..."

I gritted my teeth harder and flexed rigid as I came. Jessica moved faster making me gasp and spasm with ecstasy. 

"Oh you bad boy, you came didn't you!"

She laughed pleased with her work. Her thrusts became slower and more gentle. 

"Mmmmm that was so nice, I'm so wet look!"

She stood up slipping off my cock slowly and teasingly, letting me watch and enjoy the view.

Grabbing a tissue to wipe herself she looked down at me slumped and spent in the chair.

"Hahaha, you look knackered!... Now, I'm going back to bed. Close the door on your way out."

I couldn't believe my ears... after all that!... I felt my face burning and slowly pulled myself to my feet. Grabbing a towel I saw Jessica flop on the bed on top of the duvet. She lay on her front with one leg outstretched and the other bent at the knee. My eyes were fixed on her peachy bum and smooth wet pussy lips. 

I must have looked pitiful as I slowly headed for the door, the sudden realisation I would be late for my interview catching up with me.

As I was about to close the door behind me I had one last glance at Jessica's bum.

She suddenly looked up over her shoulder...

"Oh, I almost forgot... You aren't late for your interview, I crept into your room last night and altered your alarm clock!"

I heard muffled laughter as I stood stunned. Running to my room I checked my watch, then my alarm clock. It was true, it was my regular get up time and my alarm clock had been altered by an hour!

The cheeky bitch had planned the whole thing! Laughing now and relived all was well I headed for the shower once more. I half expected Jessica to appear again but not this time, her mischief was complete and she was probably sleeping soundly by now. 

Closing the door I noticed a note stuck to the mirror.

Dear John, 

Good luck with your interview today, I know you'll do well. Come straight home after work, I'm cooking you steak and we'll celebrate with some wine.

Oh... Thank you for this morning, it was soooooo nice :-)

Kiss kiss J xxx