 Thanks to a fan, bartyboytoy, for the story idea! :) I took it and made it my own...hope you enjoy! 

_____________

With quick, practiced ease, Diana brushed her long dark brown hair and pulled it back into a sleek ponytail that fell midway down her back, brushing against the back of her knee-length deep blue dress. It dipped low in front, almost showing the black lace bra wrapped around her firm 36DD breasts. A set of sapphire earring studs and pendant tied the outfit together and perfectly matched her big blue eyes. As she slipped on black ballet flats, she smoothed her hands over her taut stomach and wide hips. A touch of clear gloss on pouty lips that looked like they were made to be wrapped around a thick cock and she was ready. Perfect! Time to hit the club!

She had no trouble getting past the doorman or finding her friends, Debbie and Suzanne. The two blondes had claimed a table near the corner of the room and already ordered drinks. They greeted each other with quick hugs and air kisses before catching up on each others gossip. It had been almost three months since their last girls' night out. For Diana, that was 2 boyfriends ago. For Suzanne, a half dozen flings. She was one of those "not going to settle down until I'm good and ready" types. Her friends never pressured her about it. Whatever made her happy was all they wanted. Debbie was in a steady relationship that was going on its eighth month. 

They chatted a bit and then joined the crowd on the dance floor. A couple hours later, worn out from dancing with various partners, they met back up at the table, fresh drinks in hand. 

"Oh, my gosh!" Suzanne gasped.

"What?" Debbie took a sip of her cosmo. 

"Over there!" Suzanne stage whispered, to be heard over the pounding beat of Lady Gaga's "Poker Face".

The other two glanced in the direction she had jerked her head. 

"I don't get it," Diana said, confused. There were a couple of men standing at the bar, but there was nothing special looking about them.

"The one in the blue and white shirt," her friend indicated.

Diana looked him over. He was very average looking. A couple of inches shorter than her 5'10" frame, even in flats; he was on the pudgy side, with a slight upturned nose and wide face. His brown hair was cut short and he looked around nervously, as if he was uncomfortable with the crowd. He was dressed in khaki cargo shorts and a striped blue and white polo shirt with the top button undone. 

"What about him?" she asked.

Suzanne leaned forward, conspiratorially. "His name is Dave. I know he doesn't look like much, but he's amazing! We hooked up a couple months ago, after I got shit-faced at the bar and was ready to go home with pretty much anybody who had a dick." Her eyes closed in memory. "Oh, I'm glad I did!"

"Seriously??" Debbie and Diana looked at the man in question in disbelief.

"Oh, believe me," Suzanne took a sip of her whiskey on the rocks. "He has it, AND he knows how to use it!"

Diana looked him up and down, glad for the dark interior of the club that let her spy on him unobserved. She was skeptical of Suzanne's claims, but knew her friend didn't lie, and would definitely know what she was talking about. 

With sudden curiosity, she stood. "I'm going to go talk to him. See you girls later."

Suzanne gave her a grin. "You won't regret it, Chica!" She winked.

Diana's last boyfriend was over a month ago, and she hadn't been laid since. He had been so mediocre it had almost turned her off of wanting sex. His thin cock barely measured 6" and he was only ever concerned with his own pleasure, which he could usually find in under 2 minutes. He was fairly typical of all the boyfriends she had had in the past. 

Normally she didn't sleep around with strangers, but Suzanne's claim sounded too good to be true. Worst case scenario, she had the kind of sex she'd become used to and then got back to looking for someone else. It wouldn't be her first one-night-stand...although it would be one of very few.

Reaching the bar, she slid onto the stool next to Dave's. He glanced at her and she could see him dismissing her as out of his league before he turned his back. She pouted slightly and leaned forward to touch his arm.

"Hey," She put on her sexiest smile. "Buy me a drink?" She ducked her head and tucked back a stray curl behind her ear. 

He glanced back. "Me?"

She nodded.

He looked her over, his blue eyes taking in her slender body, trendy clothing and deep cleavage. "You're joking with me, right?"

She shook her head, frowning a little. "What do you mean? Why would I do that?"

"Really?" His tone was sarcastic. "The only reason girls like you hit on guys like me is to make a joke out of us. So go back to your friends, laugh and giggle about the ugly guy at the bar. Just leave me alone." He turned his back to her again.

Miffed at his refusal, Diana slid off the bar stool and moved in front of him, standing close and putting her hand on his arm while staring into his eyes.

"I am not trying to tease you." She stepped even closer, moving between his legs until her breasts almost touched his chest. "Buy me a drink. Let's talk. I'm Diana." She moved her hand to his thigh. "Please?"

He eyed her for a minute, weighing her sincerity. Her big eyes staring into his seemed to convince him. "I'm Dave." He held his hand forward between their bodies. With a smile, half in relief, half in triumph, Diana shook.

"Well, what are you drinking?" 

"Strawberry mojito." She slid back onto a stool as he ordered her drink and got a refresher on his seltzer with lime. "So, Dave, what do you do for a living?"

"I'm an insurance adjuster," he turned a little red. "I know, I know...so sexy, right?"

She laughed. "Better than fry cook!" His face turned even redder at her wink.

"True. How about you?"

"I'm an assistant manager at Chalet. It's a bed and breakfast place just outside of town."

They chatted a little more, straining to hear and be heard over the music as they got better acquainted. Finally Diana stood, her hand on Dave's arm.

"Why don't we get out of here? It's too loud to really visit. I have a bottle of wine at my place I've been wanting to try."

After a slight hesitation, he agreed.

The drive back to her apartment in his Pontiac G6 was short, as she lived about 5 minutes from the club. She could still sense his hesitation once they got there, as if he couldn't really believe she had invited him to come home with her.

In the tidy 2 bedroom apartment, he seemed to relax a little bit. She offered him a seat on the couch and poured the wine, then joined him, sitting close enough to let their knees touch as they continued talking.

A couple glasses of wine later, his courage finally took over.

"So, Diana," he set his glass on the coffee table. "Why did you ask me to come home with you?"

She set her glass next to his. "Why do you think?" She scooted closer. She wasn't used to making the first move. "Why do girls usually ask guys back to their apartments?"

"Are you sure? I mean...look at you, and then look at me."

"Dave!" She put her hand in the middle of his chest. "Stop being so focused on that and kiss me!"

He leaned forward slowly, like he expected her to pull away at any moment. When their lips met, she felt a spark shoot through her.

"Mmmm," she moaned, pressing closer, her hand still on his chest, the other sliding onto his thigh. She parted her mouth and let her tongue flick at his lips until he opened and let hers inside to play with his own. He tasted of red wine and spice. She could feel her panties getting damp as their kiss deepened. If the rest was half as good as this kiss, it would be worth picking him up!

The hand on his thigh moved higher, feeling for his cock. In surprise, she broke off the kiss, sitting up.

"Take your pants off!" Her voice was breathless. 

He unbuttoned and slid his shorts down, revealing black boxer briefs. A thick bulge down the side of his leg showed why she had been so eager for him to strip. 

"We match!" Diana giggled, quickly standing and dropping her dress to the floor to display her matching black lace bra and thong, without doing her usual strip tease. She was glad she'd trimmed her pussy before going out tonight. The thin strip of lace ran between her legs and up the crack of her ass, barely covering her lips.

Dave slid from the couch to his knees in front of her, his hands cupping her round ass, burying his nose in her crotch and inhaling. She moaned as she felt his tongue licking at the wet lace covering her pussy. 

He moved the lace to the side and gave a long, slow lick through her lips, flicking the tip of his tongue on her clit. 

"Ahh!" She gasped, fire shooting through her body. She collapsed on the couch, legs spread around his body, which was still mostly clothed. "Take off the rest," she urged, tugging at his shirt. 

His body was nothing special. A bit chunky, no tan or toned muscle, but that's not what she was focused on. As he stood and pulled his boxers off, his erect cock sprang out, bouncing a little upon release from the tight confines of his clothing. It was spectacular! 

Easily 10" long and nearly as big around as her wrist, his thick, circumsized cock throbbed and pulsed under her incredulous gaze. A fat drop of pre-cum oozed out of the head as she watched, making the purple knob shine. She reached for it. 

"Ah, ah!" He pulled back from her hand. "I think we were in the middle of something." He went back on his knees between her legs, his large hands pressing her thighs to open her wider, his thumbs spreading the lips of her pussy open. 

"Mmmmm, nice and wet for me, Diana?" He winked, showing a new boldness. Then his mouth was on her and she lost coherent thought. 

Each swipe of his wide tongue as it dipped inside, twisted between her lips, and slid up to flutter over her clit was an electric charge to her nerves, quickly spiraling her to the peak of delight. 

He nudged a finger inside, stroking up to press against her g-spot. Her hips jerked and ground against his mouth and hand as she whimpered in soft mewling sighs. 

A second finger joined the first, moving in slow thrusts in and out of her dripping pussy. He drew her clit into his mouth, sucking and biting gently, moving his fingers faster, his tongue flicking fast over the little nub clasped between his teeth. 

With a scream, Diana came hard, gushing juices over his fingers and into his mouth, her hips rising up off the couch as her body spasmed. 

She lay there a minute, awash in the glow of the best orgasm she had ever had. Dave drew his fingers out slowly, leaving her feeling empty. Almost immediately, though, she felt the hard, hot head of his cock touch her, sliding up and down her soaked flesh, then parting the lips gently. She was glad he'd made her so wet. She could tell it was going to be a tight fit. 

He half kneeled onto the couch, pressing his rock hard shaft in slowly, letting her adjust to each inch as he filled her, stretching her to the max; pleasure bordering pain. It was almost like losing her virginity again. After what seemed like hours, she felt his balls touch her ass and realized he had buried his entire monstrous cock inside her pussy. He stopped, letting her fully adjust, his focus shifting to her breasts. He undid the front clasp, pushing the cups to the side. 

"You have amazing tits, babe!" He cupped the firm globes in his hands, squeezing and kneading them, his index and thumb pinching her nipples. 

Diana moaned and pushed her breasts into his wonderful hands. She loved having her big boobs played with. Every time he plucked at her nipples, she could feel her pussy pulse around him. He bent his head and sucked one into his mouth, repeating his technique from her clit, nibbling gently. With a sudden pull, he sucked hard, moving his hips at the same time, drawing almost completely out before driving back inside her, his member reaching places inside she never knew could cause such pleasure. 

Her flesh was still sensitive from cumming, letting her feel every bump and vein as his dick moved back and forth, her wet lips stretched wide, gripping his thick shaft as he fucked her, deep and slow.

"Where's the bedroom?" He asked, stopping. 

She pointed to her right. A quick squeal of surprise escaped when he picked her up, his cock still inside her, and walked quickly to the bedroom, dropping her on the bed on her back and following, now half in, half out of her pussy. With a hard thrust, he buried himself again. 

The bed gave him more leverage and he began fucking into her with purpose, wrapping her legs around his waist. 

"Lock your ankles!" He gasped out, driving in faster. 

Diana complied. She could feel immediately why he'd told her to. The new position widened her hips and drew him deeper. She could feel his fat cock head pressing against her cervix with each inward thrust. 

Normally quiet during sex, there was no way not to be loud with this giant cock splitting and filling her. She could feel a second orgasm building. 

"Oooh, fuck, Dave! Fuck me with that huge dick!" She arched her back, squeezing the muscles of her pussy around him, massaging the tool pistoning in and out. 

Dave grunted, moving faster. "That's right, baby. Take that fucking dick in that tight, juicy pussy! Squeeze my cock with that sweet cunt! I want to feel you cumming on me, baby! Cum on my big dick!" 

Diana moaned, feeling her orgasm loom closer, fiery tendrils of pleasure licking through her limbs, touching every nerve. 

"God, your cock feels fucking hug inside me, baby! Fill my tiny pussy with your cock! Fuck! I love that cock, filling up my pussy! Aaaahhhh, yesssss!" She dug her nails into his arms, pulling him until he came down with his hands on either side of her body, his cock still pumping into her eager body.

Her breasts in his face was too much to resist. His warm mouth enveloped her left nipple, sucking it deep into his mouth, matching his sucks to each inward thrust. She arched her back, her world narrowing to the pleasure Dave was inflicting on her more than willing body. His teeth came down on the hard nipple, biting just hard enough not to draw blood. With a shriek, she came, vision darkening at the intensity as her pussy clamped down so hard he could barely move his cock, her muscles rippling, milking his flesh. 

He gave a deep grunt, his cock lurching with a hard throb. "Fuck! I'm fucking cumming in you!" His hips gave a hard jerk and she felt the warmth of his cum flood her insides. The tight fit let her experience each spurt as it pulsed through his dick and out, filling her body.

Dave pulled out slowly, a gush of his cum following the head of his cock as it left her pussy and dripping down her ass to the bed. Diana admired his softening cock. Even fully spent, he was larger than any guy she'd ever seen. 

He flopped to the bed beside her and she snuggled into his side, his arm curling around her well satisfied body. 

"I'm so glad I brought you home with me," she said softly against his chest.

He chuckled. "Me too!"

She raised her head to look at him. "Stay the night? I'd love a repeat in the morning..." she winked.

This time he didn't think about it, answering by pulling the green bed cover from under their bodies to on top. 

"Sounds good to me," he said into her hair, placing a kiss in the same spot.

They snuggled down and drifted off to sleep, exhausted.