 Derrick walked into a men's club and sat down at a table in the back. As he looked around, he caught a glimpse of a familiar face, but couldn't figure out where he knew her from. The girl continued to work the room and he openly admired her as she gave a number of lap dances. As she danced for a guy at the next table, she made eye contact with him and he saw the flash of recognition in them, followed by a wide and genuine smile. It hit him like a ton of bricks as he remembered her name, Misty.

He was immediately lost in memory of a night, years ago. One night he'd received a frantic phone call from Misty. She was crying in anger and desperation.

"Derrick, Oh my god. I just saw Jake having drinks with another woman in the bar at the Riverfront Hilton!" Misty exclaimed.

"What?! There has got to be a reasonable explanation for that. I've never known Jake to even look at another woman that way. Don't get upset until you know the whole story." Derrick suggested.

"Normally I would do just that. The problem is that I saw him kiss her at the bar. It was a passionate kiss, Derrick. He kissed her like he used to kiss me! They left the bar right after that. I followed them to the elevators in the lobby, you know, the glass ones? Derrick, they made out all the way to the fifth floor!" she exclaimed and sobbed into the phone. 

That broke Derrick's heart. He'd always liked her and it hurt to see or hear her hurting. He vowed to himself to visit Jake real soon. He paused thoughtfully for a moment then took a deep breath.

"I see. Well then it seems you have good reason to be upset and hurt. How can I help you? Where are you right now?" he asked.

"I'm outside The Diner, right across the street from the hotel." She answered, sniffing as she regained control.

"Ok. Stay there. Go inside and get a table for two. I'll be there in five minutes." Derrick said.

"Ok. See you soon." Misty said as she hung up the phone. While she waited, she thought about her immediate future and formed a plan. When Derrick arrived five minutes later, she smiled and hugged him fiercely as he reached her table. They sat down and ordered drinks.

"It looks to me like you've done some thinking in the past few minutes. You already have a plan don't you?" Derrick asked, smiling slightly.

"Yes I do and it involves you, if you're willing to help a friend." Misty answered.

"Oh honey, I think you know you are more than just a friend. You name it and if I can accomplish it, consider it done." Derrick said, reaching across the table and taking her hand in his.

"I was hoping you'd say that. Ok, here it is. First off, I want to leave him, tonight. He can have the damned house. I've always hated it anyway. I want to have my stuff out of there and in storage tonight. I'll go to a hotel for a while, until I find a place of my own. Second, I want to hurt him in the two places it he'll hurt the most; his pride and his wallet. The wallet I can accomplish all on my own, thanks to a great prenup. The shot to his pride is where you come in. He has always thought he was a hotshot in bed. I admit that I have done a certain amount of ego stroking in that area but the truth is that he isn't all that good. I want to show him what a real man can do to a woman, what I know you can do to a woman." Misty said, looking Derrick in the eye and chewing lightly on her lower lip.

Derrick smiled and sat back, studying her for a moment before responding. He looked over her shoulder and got the waitress' attention, ordering another round of drinks for them.

"I see. Well, alright. I have a few questions and a couple suggestions. How much are you thinking of taking out of the house?" he asked.

"I just want my clothes, my computer, and my TV. The rest is his stuff anyway and I don't want him crying to a judge about theft." She answered after their drinks arrived.

"OK, that should be easy. We'll stop by a friend's house and use his truck. It's an unmarked box truck. Next, don't worry about storing your stuff or staying in a hotel. I have a guest house on my property. It's back in the woods and out of sight. You can stay there for as long as you need and it has plenty of room for your stuff. Have you thought about money?" he asked as he picked up his drink and downed half in a single gulp.

"Oh jeez, I hadn't thought of that. He will certainly freeze me out of the accounts as soon as he gets home and finds me gone. God, Derrick, what am I going to do? Everything is in his name or both of our names." Misty said.

"So you have nothing in the bank that is strictly yours?" Derrick asked.

"No, there's nothing. It's all his or ours." Misty groaned with her face in her hands.

"Ok. Do you trust me?" Derrick asked, smiling.

"You wouldn't be here if I didn't trust you. You are the only person in the world that I trust right now." Misty said.

"Good. Watch this." Derrick said, smiling as he pulled out his phone and hit a speed dial number. "Gitmo, Ritz. Find me in an hour; I have a job for you. It needs to be done tonight. Yes I know. I'll give you double your norm. See you soon." Derrick said, and smiled as he took her hand in his.

"What was that all about? You're not going to hurt Jake are you?" Misty asked.

"What? Oh no, no, no. Well, not physically anyway. Gitmo does occasional black bag jobs for me. You don't think I got to where I am in life by always being a nice guy, did you? He'll find me at some point tonight. When he does, I will give him a piece of paper and he will disappear." Derrick answered cryptically.

"Ok, I'll bite. What is going to be on the paper?" Misty asked, smiling after eyeing Derrick for a moment.

"The account numbers for your joint accounts. Gitmo will, um, appropriate the funds from your account and transfer them somewhere safe. By morning, I will be given the account numbers and access codes. It will be totally untraceable." Derrick said quietly.

"You are an evil genius and I love you for it. These are the accounts, three of them, all at BancDauphin. Let's get this show on the road. Jake is bound to be done with his whore in a few hours." Misty said as she wrote her accounts on one of her business cards and handed it to Derrick. 

"Ok. I'm parked right out front. I'll call my buddy with the truck and have him meet us at your place." Derrick said as he pushed his chair back and stood up.

He dropped a $50 bill on the table and they left the restaurant. 

Five hours later, Misty's money was safe and secure spread out over two Swiss bank accounts and one in the Canary Islands and she was all set up in Derrick's guest house. As they sat in front of a roaring fire in the fireplace, they shared a bottle of wine and reminisced about the old days.

"Life was so much simpler back then, huh?" she said, staring at the fire as if hypnotized.

"Well all we had to do was sleep, eat, go to class, go to parties, drink, fuck, and start over again. It was a lot more fun too, wasn't it?" Derrick answered, laughing.

"Yes it was, especially with you. You've always treated me so well. I need your help with one more thing." Misty said, looking Derrick in the eye and nibbling on her lower lip.

"Ah, Misty. You know I can't say no to you when you look at me like that. What can I do you for?" he asked.

"You can do me for hours and hours, just like old times." Misty purred as she stood up and moved to Derrick's lap. She put her arms around his neck as his encircled her waist. She leaned down and nibbled on his ear and slowly ground her butt against his growing cock. His hands slowly caressed her body before one settled on her breast.

"Mmm. It feels like your nipples remember." He whispered, smiling.

"Mmm. It feels like your cock remembers too." Misty answered, giggling before kissing him softly on the lips. Then she abruptly stood up in front of him. "There's just one catch, though. I want to video our time together and send him a copy of it after the divorce is finalized. I want to send him a message that tells him in no uncertain terms that he will never lay eyes on this again." She said as she reached behind her neck and pulled the string holding up the top of her dress. As it fell to her waist, her breasts were bared to Derrick's eyes for the first time since their college years. They still took his breath away.

"Girl, you are so fucking sexy. I will never understand how he could sleep around on you. Nor will I ever understand what you saw in him in the first place. He's always been an asshole and he deserves what you're going to do to him, but I don't know about the whole recording our night thing. If he decides to take it to court, I don't want to be dragged into it. My business can't afford that kind of attention, ya know?" Derrick answered.

"Oh I have that covered. You see, Jake has a little bit of kink in him, weird kink. He liked to make movies of us like the one we're going to make. His thing was wearing this leather mask. It covered his head and eyes but left the mouth and nose free, kind of like those masks that wrestlers wear. He said he liked the menace factor. I never understood that because he was always the one tied to the bed in his movies. Anyway, I took the mask. It's in my bag over there." Misty explained as she dropped her dress to the ground. "So what do you think, Derrick? Wanna make a porno?" Misty asked as she stood before him in just her panties, a red thong that laced up the front. The laces began at her hips and zigzagged back and forth to below her pussy, effectively making them crotchless, displaying her clit ring in the process. She closed her eyes as she trailed one finger down her body from her shoulder, across her nipple, to her clit. She moaned as she gently her clit hood.

"Well with an invitation like that, I'd be a fool to say no. When do you wanna do it?" Derrick asked as he stood up and stepped forward until they were inches apart. He groaned as she reached forward and gently grabbed his crotch and squeezed.

"I wanna do it right fucking now. Let's go upstairs." She said before kissing him passionately and massaging his cock through his pants. Then she turned and walked over to her bag and pulled out the mask. "You refill our glasses then come up and join me in the bedroom. Be naked and be ready for the fucking of a lifetime. It's been a while and Mama is hungry." She purred as she turned and strutted across the room to the stairs leading up.

Derrick chuckled as he turned and took their glasses to the kitchen for refills. By the time he got his clothes taken off and entered the bedroom nude as ordered, Misty had set up her laptop with a view of the bedroom and bed. She was wearing a mid-thigh length kimono style silk robe. She turned to him and smiled as she looked down at his tall standing cock.

"Oh my, what a nice surprise. I'm so glad you still shave. I hate pubes in my teeth and poking me in the nose. Do you remember the last time we shaved each other? That was so fucking hot!" she exclaimed as she walked across the room to Derrick's side. She took his cock in her hand and stroked it gently up and down, causing him to groan and close his eyes. "Mmm. Maybe we can make that part of this movie too. That is one thing I never allowed Jake to do, shave me. I didn't trust him the way I trust you. It upset him quite a bit when I would come out of the shower freshly shaven. I would just laugh and tell him there was no way I'd let him near my pussy with a razor in his hand." She continued to handle his cock as she ran her other hand up her leg to her pussy. "Oh yeah, she is getting kind of fuzzy. You are definitely shaving me. Then you are going to eat me until I can't take it anymore. Then I am going to climb on you and he will watch my ass and pussy bounce on your cock until we both explode. I am so horny for you right now. I can't wait!" She planted kisses along his neck to his face, then lips. Their tongues dueled as the kiss grew in passion. Derrick let his hands wander all over Misty's body. He grabbed her ass and squeezed hard, causing her to gasp into their kiss. She pulled away abruptly and went back to the table where the laptop was set up. She picked up the mask and handed it to Derrick. As he looked it over, she aimed the laptop at the bed. "Step out into the hall and put the mask on. I want him obsessing over who you are, my sweet, mystery stud. I'm going to check the aim of the camera and start the video. When I call to you, come in the room. We'll kiss and you'll open my robe and grope my tits. Do it good, maybe even a little rough like we used to do. Then run your hand down to my pussy and give me some rubbing there. Push me back onto the bed, again a little rough, then go in the bathroom and bring out the shaving kit on the counter. It has a brand new razor and some wicked sexy shaving gel. It even tastes good. You will shave my pussy and ass. Then eat me out until I can't handle it. Then I'm going to suck your cock to your first orgasm and swallow your load. That's another thing I never did for him in five years of marriage, I never swallowed. I told him I didn't like the taste. I made him squirt all over himself every time I gave him head. After I swallow your cum, we are going to fuck in every position we can think of until one of us can't take it anymore." Misty explained her plan in her bedroom voice, a voice she knew Derrick lusted after. She looked down at his cock and smiled before kneeling in front of him and taking his cock down her throat briefly. Then she stood up and pushed him out of the camera view.

"Oh you are an evil woman. You've obviously been thinking about this for a while. Sweetheart, I am going to fuck you so good." Derrick growled after putting on the mask. 

She just looked at him and laughed as she went to the desk that held the laptop. She sat down in front and adjusted everything, making sure her robe was tightly shut. Then she looked over her shoulder and smiled at Derrick. "Showtime!" she exclaimed as she zoomed the camera to a face-only head shot. After that, she hit the record button then began to speak, looking sternly into the camera lens.

"I saw you two tonight, in the bar at Riverfront and in the elevator on your way to the 5th floor. I'm done, done with you, done with this game that you play with my head and my heart. Included in this package are the divorce papers. I expect them to be returned to my attorney, signed and not contested, by the end of this week. We have a prenup and those conditions will be fulfilled to the fullest. Fight me on this and I WILL destroy you and your career. Do as I request and you will never hear from me again. It is that simple. Good bye, Jake." Misty said matter-of-factly and without emotion. She clicked on the stop button and saved the file as "Goodbye." Then she zoomed the camera out to show her from the waist up and started recording again. "If you're watching this video, you've done as I asked. This video is my celebration of our divorce. Enjoy the show." she said. At that point, she called out, "Come in here, now." The bathroom door opened and in walked Derrick, with the mask on, naked and still hard. She turned toward him and smiled as she joined him at the side of the bed. They positioned themselves so that the camera saw both their actions. Misty smiled and reached up to take Derrick's face in her hands. "Do me good baby. It's been so long since I have had a real man." She purred. 

Derrick smiled and leaned his face down to hers and they kissed, softly at first but quickly growing in passion almost to the point of savagery. She was breathing heavily when Derrick's hands moved from her face to her breasts. He squeezed momentarily, eliciting a gasp from Misty. Her hands remained at her sides as he untied the belt and threw the robe open wide. Again he groped her breasts, massaging and squeezing and grabbing her nipples in his fingers and pulling on them causing her to gasp again. His fingers left visible red marks on her breasts when he moved his hands down her body to her pussy and began to fiercely rub her mound, lips and clit. She just stood there and moaned as Derrick nearly abused her pussy. She moaned in pleasure with closed eyes, smiling as she chewed her lip and ran her hands through her hair. Derrick abruptly stopped and took his hands away. It took a moment for Misty to respond to the lack of stimulation. When she opened her eyes, she saw Derrick breathing hard. He stepped back away from her, wagging his finger at her. He slid the robe off her shoulders and let it drop to the floor. Then he turned and looked sternly at the laptop as he passed by on his way to the bathroom for the shaving kit. While he was away, Misty took it upon herself to grope her own breasts and tease her nipples the way Derrick had. She occasionally looked at the camera lens on the laptop then closed her eyes as waves of pleasure ran from her nipples to her pussy. 

When Derrick returned with the kit, he rudely pushed her down onto the bed on her back and picked her feet up and placed them spread wide on the bed, opening her pussy obscenely for the camera. Then he picked up the glass of hot water that he'd brought out and without warning dumped it on Misty's pussy, soaking the bed and causing her to scream in surprise. Then he picked up the shaving gel and squirted a large amount on Misty's wet lips and began to rub it into lather. He lathered her from her mound to her asshole, even briefly shoving a finger inside her ass and her pussy. Then he picked up the razor and for the first time since the video started, showed mercy and a gentle touch as he shaved the sparse fuzz from her lips and ass. He ran the razor back and forth across her outer lips until they were smooth then he used his fingers to spread her lips and shave her inner lips just as thoroughly. The more he worked her pussy, the heavier Misty's breathing became. She began to pinch her nipples and tug on them, lifting her breasts in the process of stretching her nipples taut. Her hips began to move ever so slightly and Derrick was forced to swat her on the pussy to make her stop moving, lest he slip and cut her. She finally had to let go of her nipples because it was feeling too good. In order to keep herself still, she quickly raised her butt and thrust her hands under her and remained like that until Derrick was done. He quickly finished with her inner pussy lips and moved down to shave around her asshole. He continually ran his fingers all over as he went along, always checking his work. Then he rolled Misty onto her belly and spread her ass as he put more gel on her butt. She reinserted her hands under her body; though this time they happened to be right where she could play with her clit ring. She slowly flicked it back and forth as Derrick worked the razor over her entire ass. It didn't take much of that to make her start squirming again. Derrick finished quickly and set the razor down as he continued to check his work with the other hand. Then he slowly inserted a finger into her asshole and began to saw it in and out.

Misty moaned a throaty growl into the bed as Derrick began to finger fuck her asshole. He knew what it would do to her. As he working his finger in and out, he stood up and moved to the side opposite the camera, remaining bent over and working her ass. Misty began to gently thrust against his finger, pushing it deeper and deeper into her ass as she abandoned her clit ring and began to rub her clit directly. Derrick could see the juices begin to flow from her pussy and he felt her ass squeezing at his finger with every stroke. Soon Misty was moaning loudly.

"Oh my god yes! You know just what to do! That feels so good. Keep it up baby, finger my ass. Gimme another one, put two fingers in my ass!" she cried out as she thrust two of her fingers inside her pussy. 

Derrick just grinned as he slowly added first one, then two more fingers into her asshole, giving her one more than she asked for. Soon he was fucking her ass with three fingers like he'd finger fuck her pussy. Misty's pussy began to make squelching noises as the juices sloshed around her fingers. Then he could feel her begin to tense up, signaling an impending orgasm. He patiently kept at it, moving his fingers inside her ass with every thrust. When she began to cry out and her legs tightened and her ass clamped down on his fingers, he abruptly slapped her ass hard, over and over, alternating sides until both her cheeks were red and she was screaming and convulsing through the orgasm of her life. Then he took his fingers out of her asshole and cleaned them on the wet rag he'd brought from the bathroom. He picked up the shaving gel and spread more on her bright red ass cheeks and gently rubbed it in thoroughly. He kept massaging her ass and occasionally her pussy lips from behind until her breathing returned to normal.
