 This is a story about a married lady who explored the kinky virtual world to get out of the day to day boredom. 

Rekha, 23, was what one could call a perfect marriage partner. She could pass for a model any given day. She used to be slightly slim then what she was now but the extra kilos had added more to her charm and looks. The extra kilos were gained at the right places. 

Anupam, 26, her husband was a land shark. He could make money out of sand. His obsession was to increase his land bank and become one of the top land bank owners of India. With the boom in the land business, he was in alignment with his obsession.

Anupam and Rekha met at a social function. Anupam was particularly impressed with her looks and the way she handled herself otherwise as well. Anupam was a rich, nice and a handsome guy. Rekha had the looks, warmth and character. The only thought that came seeing them together was -- Made for each other. 

Anupam was now travelling all over the country to look for newer places, newer markets to increase his land bank. At times, he would travel for 20 odd days at a stretch as well. Rekha would accompany him some time but she got bored as she had to stay alone the whole day in the hotels. She stopped travelling with him in the times to come. Anupam loved her much and spent a lot of time with her when he was in town. He provided her with all the luxuries possible. 

Rekha was bored to death and sometimes would almost feel depressed seeing the day just drag by. She joined a few ladies clubs. Rekha slowly started to know about the ladies in the group and their life. All of them had more or less the same story of having too much time at hand and nothing much to do. The ladies there were more interested in bitching then friendship. Some six months later, she made the inference that every lady was bored but one. That one lady happened to be her best friend as well. 

Her friend was always chirping, perky, smiling, content and busy texting on her mobile. It intrigued Rekha much cause she had a life similar to hers and yet the contrast. She asked for the reason but never got a definite answer. As some more time passed, Rekha could see that the more her friend texted - the happier she would be. So one thing was for sure, her texting was the thing that kept her ticking. Now what's, why's and how's of texting were a thing that eluded her. 

The more her friend denied the details, the more it intrigued Rekha. Rekha was now obsessed to know the reason for her friend's happiness. She finally came up with a solution. She bought the exact model of mobile as her friend. Rekha never knew that she would have the opportunity to switch the mobiles so very soon. 

It happened while Rekha offered her friend to drop her home. Her friend had texted something on her phone and got lost in her dreamy world. Rekha had to gather a lot of courage to put up her mobile next to hers. She felt as if her heart would explode doing such a thing. She was sweating but thankfully her friend was so much lost in her own imaginations that she did not see all this. She had switched the phones and was now praying that her friend's phone did not ring or make any sounds. Her friend was too lost and almost rushed out of the car as her home arrived. 

Rekha recollected herself as the car made way towards her house now. She nervously opened the other ladies mobile. She gets the first sample of virtual world by an Instant Message "My darling whore, I am missing fucking your whore cunt."

Rekha went red reading the message. She rushed to her wash room. She had gone totally wet reading the message. It was a revelation to her. Rekha never knew she had a liking for such thoughts. 

Rekha knew what kept her friend busy and chirping. The problem now was to return her mobile. She rung her mobile number and told her friend that they had swapped each other's mobiles in the car. Rekha was shocked to see feel herself getting wet again. She had used the word "swap" and it made her wet. Her mind was on a spree of its own. 

Her friend was blushing hard as she came to collect her phone. Rekha greeted her with a casual remark "Hi whore".

Rekha could see her friend getting nervous. Rekha casually told her about the message. Her friend knew that there was no point hiding things from Rekha anymore. She told her all about her various accounts, chats, photo sharing and web cam's. It was another revelation for Rekha. She acted as if all this was not her cup of tea but her wetness conveyed it quite clearly to her that she was desperate to try one and all the stuff her friend just told. 

Rekha was a sharp girl and tech savvy as well. She tried every single thing her friend had told but with her level of comforts. She was a quick learner and a safe player as well. She soon learned how to tackle the cheap crowd of the virtual world. After spending some three months in the virtual world - She shared chats, showed herself on web cameras, voiced and shared pictures (blurred ones). She realized over a period of time that her kink was chatting. 

She was hooked to chats. She got herself some smooth players who kept her quite satisfied. She was pretty content with life now, little did she know of the storm that would change her forever. 

Another three months had gone when her chat friend, Amit, asked her why she loved becoming a classy, erotic whore in majority of her roleplays. She felt odd at this realization but she also knew internally that it was an idea she loved much. 

Alone at home, she contemplated more on the idea. The more she thought, the hornier she felt inside. She wanted to pursue this idea further but was afraid of the implications. Her husband was a famous man in the city now and she could not afford a scandal of any nature. However, something inside her wanted to explore the idea further. She confided the same to Amit one day during a chat, in a casual way. 

Amit, being a decent guy, just heard her out but did not suggest anything on his own. He did not want to force anything on her, yet. 

The next week was spent role playing on a single idea. Rekha enacting herself as a upper class whore. The role play acted like a drug to her. She was on a different "high" throughout the week. This clearly reflected in her real and virtual world. Her chats were getting hotter and her orgasms were becoming stronger. 

Amit decided to take the roleplays to next level. He decided to make her the whore, in every sense possible that she so desperately wanted to become but in a safe way.

Amit discussed the idea of meeting Rekha for real and discuss the idea further. Rekha was slightly hesitant about the meeting for real thing but decided to go ahead. 

She chose a place which made her feel safe. The cafe was situated in the heart of the city and was a busy one as well. They had decided to meet on a Tuesday. The crowd would be thin and the restaurant would be relatively empty. It would mean that they would have enough privacy, even a slightly loud conversation would not be overheard by strangers on the next table. Amit was already waiting on the table when Rekha joined him. She knew she was being observed and she loved it. 

Amit: "Hi. Do we know each other?"

Rekha pondered a few seconds before answering. She could not risk anything at all. 

Rekha: "Hi. I am Rekha, your chat friend."

Amit: "Please don't mind but I am waiting for a whore friend of mine. Her name is Rekha as well. Are you that very whore?"

Rekha went red hearing the word. Her legs felt as if they were filled with jelly. She did not know what was with the word but every time she heard it, there was an effect on her body which she could not explain ever. 

Rekha: "Yes, I am that very friend of yours."

Amit: "Sorry, we had never met before so how was I supposed to recognize you. Besides you look more like a sexy housewife and not a whore. Pardon me for the confusion."

Rekha was taken aback by this bold approach of his. She had always loved being guided.

Rekha: "Can you tell me your chat id? I need to be sure before I commit."

Amit (telling his chat id with a naughty smile): "Nice move. Are you sure now?"

They both just smiled as Rekha settled herself in the chair next to Amit. They both were checking each other out. Neither was dissatisfied, the reality for both was far better than what they had imagined it be. 

Amit: "I can see that you quite love being a whore Rekha. You will certainly make a classy one too. You have such looks that you won't pass for a cheap whore."

Rekha felt heat emit from her cheeks hearing Amit. The words made her feel much embarrassed and excited at the same time. 

Amit decided to lighten up the topic. He started to tell her about himself and his interests. Rekha too told him things about her. Rekha felt alive after so many years. She was in male company and a good one after so many months. She felt quite nice being appreciated as well. Rekha started to like Amit's company almost instantly. He had the attributes she loved much. He was a person who took control, was caring, humorous besides having the looks of a hunk. 

They shared their real lives over lunch. The conversation turned to their virtual lives as they sipped hot coffee, post lunch. Rekha told him the absolute truth and it forced Amit to tell the truth as well. 

Amit: "You are a person of such integrity and beauty Rekha that it confuses me when you say that you want to become a whore. Why do you want to become a whore?"

Rekha: "Thanks for all the compliments Amit. I know that I am beautiful. Are the classy whores not beautiful?"

Amit could clearly see that she had the attitude to carry the role through. 

Amit: "They do have the appeal, charm and looks that you possess. You would fit perfectly. It still makes me wonder though - why do you want to become a whore of all the persons?"

Rekha kept silent and did not reply. 

Amit: "What is the kink for you in becoming a whore? Do you like the idea of being paid for sex?"

Rekha (contemplated before replying): "It never crossed my mind."

Rekha had a sinful smile on her face which confused Amit a lot. He was the one contemplating as to what made her smile. 

Amit: "Does the idea appeal to you because of its sinful appeal?"

Rekha (smiling some more): "Yes, you can say it is a sinful appealing idea. The whole taboo makes it so much more appealing."

Amit pondered some more before asking her the next question. It was a role play happening but for real. 

Amit: "I think you are trying to confuse me with your answers. Are you some kind of control freak? Is that your kink for becoming a whore?"

Every time Amit used the word "whore", Rekha felts it effect in her body. She had not thought about it in such details. She was floored flat by his gross understanding of the subject.

Rekha: "No, I am not a control freak. I believe in giving and receiving."

Amit: "Spoken so nicely but does a whore has the choice to receive? She is supposed to perform the given task."

Rekha could clearly see herself melting slowly and surely in a pond of lust, a lust beyond her control. She could feel a certain wetness starting to happen between her legs.

Rekha: "Amit, I am not those cheap kinds of whores. I am a queen who is there to love and to be loved as well."

Amit clearly chocked on Rekha's response. He had to divert the topic 

Amit: "Queen, are you open to performing anything you are asked for?"

The sarcasm clearly made Rekha blush harder.

Rekha: "Amit, please don't be sarcastic. I am answering you as truly as possible. I am open to everything a man can want."

Amit: "Rekha, A man can want many things which a lovely lady like you may not be even aware of. I am telling you such things so you don't land yourself in trouble when you are with a real customer."

Rekha felt so whorish hearing Amit tell about a customer. The whole idea of being with a customer made her wet, some more. Her panties were drenched with her own juices.

Rekha: "I am new to this line. It seems you have much experience of this world."

The sarcasm hit Amit where it was intended. It made him smile too. He knew it clearly that she had the brains to use the words when it mattered most. 

Amit: "I have done my research and want to know what kind of services you offer. Only then can a client fix a price for you."

Rekha: "Amit, you are deliberately doing all this. I am feeling very embarrassed. Please stop."

Amit was savoring her innocence and yet was being intrigued more and more by her mysterious need for acting / becoming a whore.

Amit: "I will tell this to you the last time Rekha. You cannot handle becoming a whore so please stop this facade."

Rekha knew he was irking her to retaliate back at him. A part of her felt embarrassed but a bigger part of her wanted to prove him wrong. The bigger part won and it started to reflect in her actions. She changed her chairs and shifted on to the chair next to Amit. Amit loved the change of attitude in her. He took her hands into his as he continued his talks further. 

Amit: "My imaginations have gone haywire Rekha. The touch of your skin feels so sexy, smooth and awesome that I am forced to imagine the skin at other parts of your body."

Rekha was burning in her own hell of desires - literally and really as well. 

Amit: "I think we have played a lot of cat and mouse games. I think we should first decide whether you still want to go for it or not?"

Rekha pondered, considered and thought for a while before just nodding her head to show her confirmation.

Amit: "Good. Now that you want to become a whore, let's see if you understand the intricacies involved with the profession."

Rekha just listened like an eager student. Amit's face lit up as an idea sprung up. 

Amit: "Rekha, I know you are short on time and that you have to return home. We can discuss the intricacies over the chat or when we meet next."

She had never experienced such a rush of hormones and wanted to continue the meeting for long. She decided otherwise as she was the one who was very pertinent about the time issue (over the chat). Rekha felt nice to notice that he cared for things she wanted. 

Amit: "Rekha, what I am going to ask you next is a simple thing to do. Our next meeting totally depends on the way you perform what I ask you next."

Rekha was all ears.

Amit: "Come here, sit next to me."

Rekha moved to the chair next to Amit. 

Amit: "You smell good."

Rekha felt as if she would die out of embarrassment. The smell Amit meant here was obviously her sex smell. 

Amit: "Don't be embarrassed Rekha. It is fine. You don't know how exciting it is to know that the whore sitting next to you has soggy panties."

Rekha found herself choking for expressions, air too. 

Amit: "Rekha, now that I know you smell nice. I would like to know how you taste as well."

Rekha did not understand what he meant. Innocently, she stuck her finger out for him to taste.

Amit: "You are such an innocent lady. I still wonder how you got this idea of becoming a whore."

Rekha could not understand what he meant. She had questioning looks on her face. Rekha felt her heartbeat starting to go bonkers as Amit came close to her. She thought he was going to kiss her. She was caught in the dilemma of whether to allow him to kiss her or not. Before she could realize and decide, Amit whispered something in her ears and straightened up. It was a relief for her that he did not kiss her but what he whispered in her ears made her goes crazier. Amit had told her to wet her fingers with her overflowing cunt juices so he could know how she tasted as well. 

Amit shifted his posture so that he did not miss even a second of the action. Rekha had never ever felt so shy and horny at the same time, not even during her first night. She was experiencing a terrible new high. 

Rekha felt too shy as she slid her hands inside her designer sarree. She felt so whorish. Amit's constant gaze on her action was adding to her ever increasing need for release. She stopped to have a look around in the restaurant (if anyone was around or approaching) and to gather her breath as well. She sucked her tummy inside as she let her hands slide further inside. She slipped her finger inside her panties. Her hands had crossed her mound and went to rest next to her throbbing clitoris. Rekha knew she would have to do it fast. She was already so excited that if she slid her fingers for a few times, she would cum. She dreaded at the thought of doing so right now since she was what people called.... a screamer. Her shoulders tensed as she circled her fingers around her clitoris. She was so very desperate for a release. Her eyes closed at the sheer thought of a release, in front of a stranger and that to in a public place. The whole idea made her ever more desperate for doing it. 

However, she knew she would not be able to restrain her screams and decided otherwise. She carefully brought out her fingers, smeared with her love juices. She felt too shy to stick her finger out to the stranger and make him taste her most intimate juices. She was burning in her own hell of lust. Amit lowered his mouth on to her finger. He stuck his tongue out and started to lick it slowly. Rekha was confused why her body was betraying her. She would have never ever dreamt of doing such a thing and yet here she was, not only doing it but desiring much more as well. Amit played and toyed with her fingers for quite some time with his tongue. Her imagination was making it harder for her. 

Amit: "Rekha, you taste so sweet. I am quite desperate to lick your clitoris just like I licked your finger."

Rekha chocked for air hearing his words. She shifted her chair next to his, as close as she could. Her eyes clearly conveyed that she wanted it to go further. 

Amit: "Rekha, our time is up today. You want to become a whore and so shall you become. We have to discuss a lot of things. We will do so over phone or chat, as convenient."

He kissed her cheeks as they got up. He could clearly feel the heat emitting from every single pore of her cheeks. He gave a small laugh and patted her hips. She felt the subtle vibrations in her crotch. One could say she was feeling everything in her crotch. 

Amit made his way out and so did Rekha. Rekha sat in her car and was recollecting everything that had happened in the restaurant. She was once again desperate for a release and this time she wanted it bad. She was glad that she brought one of her large purses today. She placed her purse directly over her crotch and put her hands underneath it. She knew it would take only a few rubs. She closed her eyes and started to replay the whole scene that had happened in the restaurant. There she was, slumped in the backseat of the car. All relaxed and smiling (ear to ear). She was so lost in her thoughts that she never realized that her home had arrived. 

Driver: "Ma'am, we are here. Is everything alright?"

Rekha: "Yes. Why? What makes you think otherwise?"

Driver: "Ma'am, you made some noise when we were coming home. I asked but you did not reply. Your eyes were closed as well. It made me wonder if your health is fine."

Rekha (stuttering): "Yes, everything is fine."

Every servant became curious seeing her looks. She somehow made her way into her room. Her own needs became so demanding that she started to rub herself in her sarree itself. She was at the peak of her desires and she heard the ring. It was her husband on the other side. 

He was concerned for her health (the driver had told him about the noise in car). She was talking to him and fingering herself at the same time. His words fell on a deaf ear as she experienced another mind shattering release. She somehow recollected herself and started to talk. The release was so intense that her words wavered and made her husband think twice for her health. He conveyed to her that he was coming home taking the next available flight. Rekha felt disappointed hearing the arrival of her husband for the first time. She experienced guilt for the first time as well. 
