 Tina had been married for over 15 years when things started to go wrong. She got to the stage when she just stopped having sex with her husband Paul and eventually, just over a year ago, he left her for another woman.

Although he's been fairly good throughout the divorce, she's been left high and dry with her young, 12 year old daughter Zoe and the future looked hopeless until just a couple of months ago, straight after the New Year.

Tina is just 5ft 2 inches tall, 46 years old with a slim, almost skinny, figure and she's never really been a demonstrative or overtly sexual person; which is probably what caused the tension with Paul. 

She was in her early 30s when she married and she'd been quite suppressed sexually prior to that, only having lost her virginity when she was 23 on a one-night-stand with a neighbour and had not had sex much prior to meeting Paul.

Since the divorce and especially over Xmas, things had been tough for her as she had to get used to the split family with all that this entailed, but most of them rallied round her which made her feel a little better about herself.

Zoe is in her first year at her new school and is doing quite well but Tina noticed the subtle changes in her as the divorce went through. It's hard on the kids but in Tina's case it was hard on her as she did not have a large circle of friends outside the family. They were good friends but this was not enough for her.

The fact is - she was lonely.

Her brother-in-law Jack had always been a bit of an enigma to her with them never really having much to do with each other, but he'd bent over backwards to take her side during the split and divorce as he had little time for Paul, even if he was his brother-in-law.

Previously Tina had only really had any contact with Jack for the Mr. fix-it things which he was quite good at, but that was all it was until recently. 

Jack was nearing his 60th birthday, nearly 6ft tall and he was somewhat overweight. He was hardly the role model for a stud which suited him fine. He'd been married to Tina's sister-in-law Sarah for over 30 years and Tina had heard that they weren't very sexually active; mostly his fault according to the family grapevine.

So it was quite a surprise for her one morning as she was still in bed having a bit of a lie-in, when Jack phoned up just to see if she was in and he wondered if he could come round for a chat. Sarah was at work and Zoe was at school so Tina was more than a little surprised as he'd never done this before but she agreed and quickly went to have a shower before he arrived just about an hour later. 

He was always a nice chap and very knowledgeable about so much that he got on well with her daughter, helping her with school work and Tina always found some of his little sayings amusing.

Tina had the kettle on and had dressed but she still had a towel around her longish brown hair. Tina made a coffee and brought it through to the living room.

The room was spotlessly clean and tidy and Tina had redecorated after the split with her husband. It was one of her ways of taking her mind off her life and the shitty way it had turned out.

She sat on the settee and Jack in one of the armchairs. He immediately asked how Tina was really coping as he's noticed she was looking a bit low when they met up on Boxing Day for a family dinner at her house. 

"I thought you looked rather tense when I last saw you and wondered if you wanted a heart-to-heart with someone who's on your side? I never got the chance to speak on Boxing Day as there was always someone around" he explained. Tina nodded, a little lost in her thoughts, as she wasn't quite sure whether she could open up to her brother-in-law.

They chatted away with Jack asking mostly about Tina's well-being and assuring her that he, for one, wouldn't see her abandoned just because Paul had a new family.

Jack noticed that Tina was a bit weepy but she kept herself in check not trying to demean herself. He also noticed she was holding her head and stretching her neck rather a lot. Tina said she'd nodded off in the chair the previous night and woke up with this stiff neck which wouldn't go away. Jack asked "Do you want me to massage your neck and shoulders for you?

Tina pondered for a second but a massage sounded good and Sarah had mentioned that Jack had good hands.

"Yes OK then" she agreed.

Tina came over and sat on the floor in between Jack's knees. Jack took off her head towel and he started kneading and massaging her shoulders with his strong hands as she relaxed at his exquisite touch. He moved onto to her neck for a while before moving down between her shoulder blades. Her bra strap was in the way so she reached up behind her an unhooked it. Jack got a quick view of her back as she pulled up her tea-shirt.

"I'm not trying to pry or be underhand or anything Tina, but when did you last let anyone touch you?" as Tina tensed up a little bit.

"If I'm brutally honest I've not been with anyone since he walked out, and I'm not that bothered either," she said quietly almost regretting saying anything at all.

There was quite a long pause as Jack carried on massaging her spine and up to her shoulders and around her neck. Tina was starting to relax as he started massaging her scalp and forehead before returning to her neck and shoulders again.

There was no doubt that Jack was good at this and Tina was almost nodding off as she lay back into his lap whilst he massaged away her stresses.

"Tina: Can I be really bold and suggest a full body massage?" he asked rather guardedly. 

Tina didn't quite understand until he explained that a full body massage is performed on a naked body and that no part of the body is left out. 

"Are you suggesting I strip naked in front of you?" she asked quite disturbed.

"Well yes," he said quite openly, "In fact the usual outcome for the receiver of such a massage is orgasms" he looked her straight in the face.

"Don't worry Tina, I'm not asking to have sex with you, but I can give you a massage to relax and satisfy you at the same time".

Tina was stunned but something clicked inside her as her imagination was working overtime thinking about what he'd suggested. 

"What do I have to do?" she asked and Jack smiled as he knew she was going to agree.

"Leave it all to me" he said "Where do you want to go? Here on the floor or on your bed?"

"I think I would prefer the bed" she replied and Jack noticed that she was shaking.

"Come on then," as he took her hand and they went upstairs after first checking that all the doors were locked.

The heating was still on as they went into the spare room where there was a single bed and Jack took off his shoes, leaned over the bed and laid the pillows down the centre of the bed.

Tina just stood at the side of he bed shaking slightly as Jack came over to her.

He lifted her thin tea-shirt up over her head exposing her white bra which was still unhooked and he slid it off her shoulders exposing her small firm pointed breasts with large nipples. 

"You've lovely breasts Tina" he said as he reached down and unzipped the side of her skirt which dropped to the floor. Tina had no tights on and she was just standing in her pants in front of her brother-in-law.

His fingers quickly hooked his fingers inside her panties and down they came as she stepped out of them, leaving her standing naked. She kept her legs slightly crossed but Jack could still admire her nakedness as she stood there quite embarrassed but getting very excited and shaking.

Tina always kept her pubic hair neatly trimmed keeping a bikini line; which was ironic as she never really had many chances for a holiday where she could wear a bikini. She was almost too thin with very little spare flesh and her ribs showed, but she was a good healthy colour and Jack was ready to get started on his sister-in-law.

Jack asked her to climb onto the bed and lie on her tummy on top of the pillows. She dutifully climbed on trying to keep her legs closed coyly as Jack was standing behind her at the foot of the bed. 

She settled down onto the soft material as Jack came up alongside the bed and leaned over her naked back taking hold of her arms and laying them at her side as he started to massage down her spine then up and around her shoulders. He slowly massaged as Tina tried to relax but she knew it would not be long before he touched her private areas.

Jack's hands were all over Tina's naked back as he slowly worked his way down to her bottom and he felt Tina tense slightly. Tina had quite a small bottom and thin legs which left that beautiful triangle between he thighs and pussy and Jack was now starting to work his magic across her buttocks with his fingers getting closer to the inside of her thighs.

Just for a split second he allowed his hands down in between the triangle as she tensed and shook slightly. He then started down to her feet where he concentrated his efforts. Foot massage is particularly pleasurable but Tina was now slightly let down that he'd not gone between her legs as she could feel how wet she was getting.

Tina had not had these feelings for so long and now she could feel Jack moving slowly back up her legs again. He then moved back to the bottom of the bed, took hold of each of her ankles and pushed them wide apart as he climbed onto the bed between her knees. She could feel his legs keeping hers apart as his hands started caressing the inside of each thigh moving inexorably towards her, now exposed, pussy.

She was making little moaning noises as her breath shortened. Jack's hands were now back on her bottom and his thumbs suddenly stroked across her exposed pussy. Tina jerked sharply as the moment he had been building her up for arrived.

As he slowly took hold of her pussy lips and eased them apart, Tina let out a little squeal as the sensations gripped her.

Tina's pussy was dripping with her arousal and Jack knew the rest was going to be easy. This woman was ready for coming and he was going to bring her off: --- But not quite yet.

"Come on Tina, let's have you on your back", he said as he stood back.

Tina was moaning slightly as she dutifully rolled over. Jack took her shoulders and manoeuvred her across the bed with her head over the side and tucked two pillows under her back leaving her arched across the bed.

He then went around to the other side and knelt at the side with his head between Tina's legs. She didn't need any persuading this time as she opened them for him.

Jack now started massaging her again starting at her shoulders and working his way down her sides before moving back over her breasts. He gently caressed each small breast as he leaned across her naked tummy from between her legs. He gently teased both nipples until they stood up even more than usual which was obviously giving Tina real pleasure as he eyes were tight shut and she was squirming under his expert touch.

Tina was moaning and shaking as Jack left the breast and worked his way across her tummy and hips before he pushed her legs even wider apart. He just looked at her open vagina with the well groomed hair surrounding it, before holding her pussy lips apart again. This time she was going to get it.

The sensation of Jack's tongue on Tina's exposed clitoris as she received oral sex properly for the first time in her life was like a bolt of lightning to the prone naked form as something amazing happened to her. 

Tina came immediately as his tongue flicked across her swollen sex and the electric shocks of pure pleasure were followed by an ear-piercing scream as Tina had the first real gut wrenching orgasm and certainly the best of her 46 years. She was bucking and screaming as Jack lapped at her pussy and a fine squirt of cum shot over his face as he buried himself deeper inside her open vagina.

Tina's whole body was jerking as she screamed in the exquisite sensations which were ripping through her slight form. Jack took full advantage and pushed two long fingers, palm up, deep inside her sopping wet vagina and started caressing her G spot with slightly hooked fingers as he caressed her clitoris with his other thumb.

Without any shadow of doubt, Tina came again less than a minute after the first and, if anything, this was even stronger than before. Even though her tummy was already arched up due to the pillows, her orgasm caused her to rise up off the pillows

Jack fingers worked in and out of her pussy so fast Tina was never going to calm down. Faster and faster he went until he was gasping for breath, but the result was brilliant as orgasm no: 3 was preceded by a fine squirt of spray as the orgasm of all orgasms ripped through the lucky Tina like a giant tidal wave as her body went into an orgasmic spasm.

Tina's head was nearly on the floor as her hands were white gripping the bedclothes and her body just shook like she was having a fit. She was; it was an orgasmic fit.

Jack knew he could do no more as Tina was still twitching in her ecstasy as he pulled his fingers out and stood up to admire his handiwork. 

He'd only come round on the vague hope of getting to know Tina a bit better and to help her as best he could but he hadn't visualised this even in his wildest dreams.

He looked down at the beautiful naked form still gasping in great gulps of air with her legs still wide open and he could not believe how much she had cum. The bed was wet through between her legs and his shirt was wet, his hands were wet and her fluids were still on his face from the first orgasm.

He reached over and took Tina waist and pulled her back fully onto the bed as her head was nearly on the floor. She looked up at him with a look which turned him to jelly. Her eyes were bloodshot from her exertions as though she had been crying as she lifted herself unsteadily to a sitting position.

"Oh my god, Jack, what have you done?" she was still shaking, "I've never felt anything like that before in my life. Where the hell did that come from? I had no idea that I could cum like that."

She reached out and pulled him to her and kissed him full on the mouth whispering "thank you, thank you" over and over again. She gave a little laugh as she removed a little collection of her pubic hair from Jack's face.

"Where on earth did you learn how to do that?" she asked him as he stood up again.

Jack shrugged his shoulders and said quite openly "I've spent quite a bit of time looking at porn over the years and I've always wanted to experiment but Sarah's always found some reason or other not to even try."

Tina looked up at him and asked "Am I your experiment then?"

"No, No, Sorry but I --------," he stammered as Tina interrupted.

"Don't worry Jack, I'm not offended; especially if that's how your experiments turn out," she was almost purring as the after effects of her exertions were still affecting her. She touched her wet pussy which Jack noticed.

"I suspect there's still more to cum yet, do you want to experiment some more?" as Tina squirmed on the bed.

He pulled her up off the bed and pulled the wet bedclothes back and lay on the bed himself, still fully clothed.

"Come on Tina climb on and sit on my face so your pussy is on my mouth," he encouraged her as she finally knelt on top of him with her open pussy right in his face.

Jack opened her right up again with his fingers and he started licking her prominent clitoris and all around her vagina again, before moving his hands all over her breasts and as much of her naked body he could reach.

Tina gasped again as those familiar feeling started to return as he caressed her breasts.

"Move your hips Tina, masturbate yourself on my tongue," as she slowly ground her pussy onto his mouth.

She was in ecstasy again as her orgasm was building and building until it exploded for a fourth time in less than 20 minutes. 

Jack was nearly choking as she came all over him but he kept licking. She was crying out "Oh god yes, yes oh my God yes!" before she slowly started to calm down again and the pent up feelings were ebbing away. 

She climbed off Jack and fell back on the bed. This was one very satisfied and spent woman and Jack was quite rightly proud of himself. Jack leaned over to kiss her and she could taste her own cum all over Jack's mouth and he had even more pubic hair on his face. His hand was slowly caressing her pussy but there was no response and he knew he'd done his bit.

Jack got up and looked back at the prone naked figure of his sister-in-law still breathing hard after her latest exertion and he looked the wet patches on his shirt.

"The next time you'd like a chat about anything or need a massage, just let me know darling," as she smiled up at him nodding. He started unbuttoning his shirt. "I think I'll pop this under the tap for a second so it doesn't dry on. It might take a little explaining to Sarah why I've got your cum on my shirt!"

Jack reached the bathroom and was sponging off the worst of the wet patches when he felt a presence behind him as Tina joined him. She was still naked and opened the shower and stepped in. "Why don't you join me? I'd love to return the compliment and make you cum as well sweetheart," she beckoned him but Jack knew that this was the step he had avoided.

"It's not that I'm not flattered or don't fancy it but I've got an ongoing problem getting an erection and I'd hate to disappoint you or get myself all frustrated, so perhaps we'll think of something else," he really did fancy what was on offer but he knew what it meant to be let down by his manhood.

"I might have just the solution in my room. Hang on there a sec," as she stepped out of the shower and went to her room.

Jack had finished cleaning his shirt when she came back with a little blue plastic and foil pack with two diamond shaped blue tablets sealed inside.

Jack suddenly realised what she had brought. Viagra. 

"Have you not tried them before? They're very good for getting erections especially with your problem? Paul got hold of these from the doctors when he thought it would enhance his performance," she was looking rather cynical when she mentioned him. "It worked in getting him erect very quickly but all that happened was he came that fast that he got little out of it and, quite frankly, I didn't really care as he never thought of me or my needs at all." She spat the words out with some venom.

"Go on Jack, try one; you've got nothing to lose and everything to gain," as she rubbed her hand across his trouser front squeezing his dick under his trousers.

Jack, naturally, was quite turned on anyway after the events in the bedroom and her touch did start some movement, so he took one of the tablets.

"Let's get your clothes off Jack and then you can join me for a shower," Tina ordered, and Jack agreed.

He stood there as she undid his belt and trousers, unzipped him and started pulling his trousers down. He lifted each leg in turn leaving him in just his socks and pants. Jack could feel it and the slight bulge in his pants was noticeable to him if not Tina who was pulling his socks off, nearly causing him to fall over.

As mentioned earlier Jack has a weight problem with a biggish belly and extra folds around his groin.

Tina didn't care about his looks as she wanted to reward him for what he had done to her and she quickly pulled his pants down and off.

Jack's penis was not particularly big but not too small either, measuring just 6 inches long when erect, which it was not at that moment. He'd been circumcised when he was a baby, for medical rather than religious reasons, and Jack had always wondered if that might have been part of his problem.

Although he would never say it; Sarah was the problem as she'd piled the weight on and Jack did not like fat women and this definitely turned him off and the erectile dysfunction was a natural consequence.
