 My wife and I were college sweethearts that met our junior year. We took an instant liking to each other and the sexual chemistry was amazing. We had a lot of the same values and morals, but didn't agree with each other on everything, but we could both argue our viewpoints and then agree to disagree. I'm not going to lie; the sex after the more spirited debates was always amazing. 

Like I said, our morals were much the same and infidelity was something we both agreed would never be tolerated. Not that I ever thought I'd have to worry about it, since I only had eyes for her. Melissa was a hottie. Why would I ever cheat on her? She worked out excessively and was always down to experiment in bed. Who would be stupid enough to ruin that? Well, the answer is obviously me.

I can still remember the night she got pregnant. We hadn't been able to get together for about a week due to work and were both ready to go. I still remember the look on her face when she told me she was ovulating and she was ready for me to "put a baby in her". She rode me so hard and when we both came, it was the most intense orgasm I've ever had. A few weeks later, we found out we were pregnant and seven and a half months after that, our beautiful baby boy was born. Unfortunately, due to some complications during his birth, we were told that we wouldn't be able to have any more children. This hit my wife hard, since we had talked about trying for a girl in a couple years.

A few weeks after the baby was born, Melissa returned to work. Since I was able to work from home, I became a stay at home dad, but since I couldn't effectively work and watch our kid, it was decided that we get a babysitter to come by a few hours a day to help. Since of Melissa's workout buddies, Rachel, had just lost her job since the kids she watched were starting school, it wasn't a hard decision.

Rachel was much like my wife. She worked out excessively and was toned well in all the right places. If I had met her instead of my wife, then I definitely would have tried to get with her. She also had a great sense of humor which, personally, I think is very sexy.

The first few months, I was very professional with Rachel, but as time went on, we became friendlier as we got to know each other. We slip an off color joke at each other and have a good laugh. Eventually, we'd confide in each other the more personal details of our lives and ask for advice. 

Then one day, she was complaining about not having a date in so long, she was afraid her lady parts would grow shut. 

"How has it been that long? You are the second most beautiful woman I know," I quipped. 

She blushed before retorting, "Well, honey, I never told you this before, but I'm bi-sexual. This usually complicates dating. Most women get jealous and the guys usually think that means I'll just give them a threesome. They don't seem to get the trust issues involved."

I was a little flabbergasted. All of a sudden, images of Rachel naked with another woman flashed in my head. I didn't know what to say, but for the first time since I met my wife, I was really turned on by another woman. With a very dry mouth, I spat out, "I can get that."

"So what's your favorite position," she asked? "Mine's riding someone until they drain their balls deep inside me. I love that feeling."

"Maybe we should change the subject".

"We can, as soon as you answer the question. It's only fair," she says.

"Mine is the same. It has been, ever since I impregnated Melissa like that. Ever since then, when she rides it out of me, it's so fucking intense."

"I can tell it's your favorite," she says as she points at the bulge in my jeans. "So did you really mean it when you said I was beautiful?"

Before I can answer, she leans forward and kisses me. I know I should have pushed her away, but I was thinking with the wrong head at that time. Instead I pull her closer. We made out with a fury before we start ripping each other's top half of clothes off. At which point, she starts to kiss down my neck and down my chest before reaching my pants. 

Ziiiiiiipppppppppp. "Oh, my. You're quite the big boy," she states before engulfing my tool. She gags and sucks it for a bit before coming up for air. She licks it like a lollipop before enveloping it again. This goes on for several minutes before I have to stop her.

"Hold on. I need to be inside you." I yank the rest of her clothes of and flip her over. "My, you're soaking wet. I think you need fucked like a little bitch."

"Yes, daddy, fuck me like a little bitch I am. I need it. My pussy is sooooo ready for it. I'm begging you. Please, fuck me."

I rub the head of my cock up and down her soaking slit. "How do you want it, slut?"

"Pound me. Make me feel it in my guts," she whimpers. 

"As you wish." I grab a handful of hair in one hand and one hip with the other and I slam my cock into her. I run the hand from her hip over her ass until I am able to rub her asshole with my thumb. This makes her asshole pucker and I push the first digit of my thumb in to her hole. This makes her buck back wildly.

"Fuck. That's going to make me cum. Fuck, daddy, keep going. I'm almost there. Oh, shit, I'M CUUUMMMMMMMIIIINNNGGGGG," she screams. "Nobody has ever done that to me. Fuck that was so intense". She laid there for about a minute catching her breathe before saying, "OK, now it's your turn."

She pushed me down and straddled me. She reached down and grabbed my cock and slid it effortlessly into her soaking cunt. She rode me hard and fast. Soon I could feel my balls bubbling. In a moment of clarity, I had to ask, "Wait, are you on birth control?"

"No" she answered.

"Then you need to get off me. I'm about to cum." She locked her heel behind my leg and rode me faster. "Stop, please, I'm about to cum and I can't cum in the babysitter". I tried to push her off, but she had the leverage and it was too late. Fuck, fuck, fuck, FFFUUUCCCKKKKK, I'm cummminnnggggg." I laid there for a minute exhausted. "I can't believe you did that. What if I got you pregnant?"

"That's kind of the idea, isn't it Melissa?" I turn to see my wife in the doorway, with one hand down her pants.

"It better be a girl," Melissa states, "or we'll have to keep trying." My wife starts to disrobe and comes over and kisses Rachel. "Don't worry baby, this was all planned out. She's been trying to get you to make a move for a month, so I told her some of your turn-ons to jump start it. Tonight was make or break." 

Watching my wife with Rachel got me ready to go again and each time I finished that night, we made sure it was inside of Rachel. A couple weeks later, we found out she was pregnant and Melissa did get her girl. Even better was when she moved in with us and all the fun days and nights we shared.