 Rekha was quite puzzled as she received a string of emails from Amit. He had told her the specific type of lingerie and dress to shop for. He had even mentioned the shops where she would get them. He had also attached pictures in the emails to guide her properly. She was much excited by the whole idea of going shopping. 

After many orgasms and thinking, Rekha was forced to ponder - How did Amit have such deep knowledge of this stuff? Did he plant this idea into her mind and was using her? Was it right to explore the idea further? 

Anupam had come home for he was bothered about her health. Rekha had to go for a full body check up to convince him that she was absolutely normal. She loved his concern for her. The full body check up took a few days time and it meant that Rekha and Amit would spend a lot of time together. 

In these moments of togetherness and love making, Rekha felt enveloped with guilt. She was surprised to see that after the initial 2-3 days of togetherness, the idea of becoming a whore once again had got the better off her. She started to imagine herself as a classy whore even when she was in bed with her husband. The sheer imagination took the love making to many different levels and Anupam thought she had missed her much. 

The results were back soon and Rekha was declared normal. It only meant that Anupam would have to go back to his trips once again. Rekha did not want him to go. She had really enjoyed being his personal whore for the last 3-4 days, in her mind at least. Rekha and Amit had both enjoyed the time they had spent together. They both would miss each other's company. In these days spent together, Rekha did not login once in her virtual world. She was forced to think once again whether this virtual life was worth it or not. 

Rekha got a sms from Amit which made her remember that she had to go shopping. Going shopping with Amit meant a normal, natural thing. It would rather be an adventure of its own as Anupam had a thing for lingerie. It would not put her in any kind of a spot of bother. At least, this is what she felt. 

Anupam was more than excited to go lingerie shopping with Rekha. They went to this new mall which flaunted a whole range of imported brands like Victoria's Secret, La Perla, Ravage and so on. The lingerie boutique was suggested to Rekha by her best friend, the very same friend who had introduced her to the virtual world. 

The lingerie boutique was quite an experience in itself besides the articles at display. The place was for elite people with elite taste and bulky wallets too. Every faint detail was taken care of by the owners of this boutique. The ambience, light effect, pipe music being played, a hint of an erotic perfume all around the store added to the charms of the boutique. 

At all times, a person from the store would be there to assist the customers in deciding and finalizing their choice of product. The prime function of the assistant was to ensure two things - the products were not stolen (the store did not have any anti security tags on the clothing due to the class of clientele they were handling) and they were not soiled in any way.

Anupam and Rekha were assigned a cute looking boy, as an assistant, the moment they entered the boutique. The assistant was helping them settle down and trying to get a feel of their requirements. Once they communicated their vague outline of likings, they were shown into a room. Anupam settled himself onto the plush sofa. He could see that the cubicle was meant to change and the mirrors, outside the cubicle, on the walls were there to help her decide about the looks, fittings and such issues. He imagined himself sitting while Rekha would go inside, change and come out to check herself to his viewing pleasure. The sheer thought stirred his penis beyond his control. 

Rekha felt too shy discussing her intimate desires, in front of that cute looking assistant. She had never ever done such kind of a thing before. Though she felt excited inside but how could she display the same on her face. She chocked as the assistant asked her measurements. The more she blushed, the hornier Anupam was feeling. 

Anupam and Rekha held hands as they skimmed through the various catalogs. Refreshments were served as they settled in. The effort of the boutique owners was to give the customers such services that they would not think of going out of the boutique without buying anything. The cute looking assistant excused himself for a moment to let the couple browse through the different styles, patterns available.

The solitude gave the couple the moments of intimacy they required. She felt quite horny seeing the various patterns. In fact, she was taunting Anupam that he was going to be sorry for bringing her to this boutique. She kept on teasing Anupam by making him imagine her in the various lingerie products, without them as well. One could safely say that the room was definitely infused with a hint of musky smells. 

The assistant came in after 20 odd minutes. He unconsciously smiled (a naughty one) as he could get the faint hint of a musky smell. He knew the couple was more than ready. He waited on the customers to make a decision. He was intimated by Anupam the designs and patterns which interested them. 

The assistant then gave them a general talk on how a person unconsciously purchases ill fitting undergarments. He gave them the few brief indicators which could clearly indicate an ill fitting undergarment. Rekha was surprised to find that she was wearing an ill fitting one as well. She was glad that she came to this boutique. 

A random thought came into her mind "perfect lingerie for the perfect whore."

The cute looking assistant received a call on his mobile. He informed Anupam and Rekha that he had some urgency at his home to attend to. He also intimated them that someone else will be with them in a few minutes. He quite politely excused himself. 

Rekha went white seeing Amit make his way into the room. He introduced himself as the store owner. It came as quite a shock to her to see him especially with Anupam around. All her salacious thoughts had vanished away in a second. She recalled all the emails and the pictures sent by Amit. She wondered why he had not mentioned his place in the email. She felt her apprehensions about Amit were wrong. Had he been not the decent guy, he would have given the address to his store only. 

Amit addressed both Anupam and Rekha as he continued the information on ill fitting under garments. He looked more into Rekha's eyes than Anupam's. 

Amit: "If Ma'am is comfortable to stand in her undergarments, I can practically demonstrate what I mean by ill fitting under garments. I will only do this when Sir is present here. It is our store policy. We have a reputation to live up to."

The ball was in the court of Anupam and Rekha. 

Amit: "If you feel uncomfortable then I will provide you with the articles you require to try out. I suggested the same as it will give you a deep insight to choose the right product in the future."

Rekha rejected the idea of being used as a dummy for some dumb demonstration. She would have agreed it on first instance if she was all alone. Anupam's presence made her feel odd. Anupam just hushed her as he rung a number. Anupam was talking to the owner's of the mall, he had sold them this piece of land on which the mall stood. He wanted to know how reliable the owner of this lingerie boutique was. He thanked the owners and disconnected. Almost immediately Anupam received a call, from the owners. Anupam was supposed to take special care of these customers. He already had intended to take special care of them. 

Anupam: "The owners of this mall are personal golf buddy of mine. I sold them this piece of land as well on which the mall stands. He speaks quite high about your place."

Amit: "Please don't mind Sir but we have a certain reputation about my place and I plan to keep it that way. We cater to exclusive clients like you and ma'am here. We know the exact do's and don'ts we have to follow."

Rekha was just a silent witness to everything that was happening around. Rekha could clearly see both the men desiring her. Anupam was going wild with the thought of seeing her in different lingerie etc. Amit was going wild imagining the things he had planned to do today. 

Anupam: "Rekha, I think this gentleman here has a point. You should have proper knowledge of things you are buying. Do you mind?"

Rekha looked into his eyes. She could see him almost pleading to go for a demonstration. Rekha did not say a word. She looked into Amit's eyes. Amit's look made hear miss a heartbeat. She was perplexed as to what he was going to do and that too in front of her husband. 

She went into the cubicle to change. She was feeling too frisky as she undressed. She took a moment and checked herself in the mirror before coming out. She cursed herself for wearing a light color panty. She could already feel getting wet between her legs in anticipation of things. If the wetness between her legs increased, she would stand exposed to the fact in front of the love of her life and the lust of her life. Her eyes fell on the pile of towels in the corner. She thanked Amit for planning everything so intricately. The idea that he was an intricate planner excited her further (with the things to come). She slid down her panties and rubbed her cunt dry. The effect was electric. She gasped as the soft towel rubbed across her cunt. The effect made her squeal out in pleasure. She just wished that the sound did not go outside. She controlled her desire to rub herself more. The controlling made her feel so much hornier. Rekha was totally surprised at the new desire. 

She shyly made her way out of the cubicle. She tried her best to act confident as she walked out but her walk clearly conveyed otherwise. Anupam's eyes were fixed on her body and so was Amit's. The only difference was Amit was watching her in the glass and Anupam was watching her directly. 

Amit: "Ma'am, there was no need to remove all your clothes. It is the bra which is normally ill fitting. Panties are generally okay. Do you mind if I take a closer look to determine the problem areas?"

It was not a question. It was more like a statement. Amit was amazed at the beautiful lady standing in front of him. 

Amit: "Sir, I must say you are a very lucky man. How many beauty contests has ma'am won?."

Amit's word had the ring of truthfulness to it. Anupam felt proud besides raging erection. Rekha felt nervous as she could feel herself getting wet again. Amit slowly moved around Rekha, a full circle, to evaluate the fitting issues. His eyes had such intensity that Rekha could feel heat rising in her body. In that very moment, she remembered their meeting at the restaurant and she gulped as she could feel her moistening up much. 

Amit: "Ma'am, if you observe the straps on your shoulder are loose and not giving you the support they should give."

Rekha went red from embarrassment. Amit's comment did not affect the colors. The colors rushed to her cheek because of his touch against her back. Amit adjusted the clips on her bra strap. Amit's look did not give away his monstrous raging buildup, after all he had touched Rekha's skin on her back for the first time. 

Amit: "Ma'am, despite tightening the clips as much as I could, you can see that the straps are loose."

Rekha just nodded and accepted the fact. Anupam was impressed with Amit's knowledge. Amit did not consider Anupam to be in the room as he talked to Rekha. He was totally concentrated on Rekha and her body. He was subtly getting her into a certain mindset. 

Amit: "Ma'am, what do you feel is wrong with your brassiere? Are you comfortable in this bra of yours?"

Her cheeks retained colors as Amit kept on questioning her. Anupam was lost in his own torrent of thoughts and imaginations. 

Rekha: "I am quite comfortable with this one. I have been wearing it for long."

Amit: "Ma'am, have you gained weight recently? I know it is not courteous on my part to ask such personal questions but, believe me, I am asking it for a reason."

Rekha: "No, I have not gained any weight for the last year."

Amit: "I had asked for one simple reason ma'am. Sir, if you can observe, her bra is tight at her back. It is so tight that despite being hooked on the last hook, the strap reverses. It clearly means that the bra is tight. Besides this strap reversing, you can also observe that a bit of your lower breast is being pinched by the bra."

Amit was freely enjoying touching Rekha here and there. Rekha was gasping for breath and so was Anupam. She was going from slightly wet, between her thighs, to more than slightly wet. It would be only a matter of time when it would start to reflect on her panties. All she wanted at this moment was the towel in the changing cubicle. 

Amit: "Ma'am, look closely in the mirror. You will observe that a bit of your lower breasts are visible below the lower end of the bra." 

Anupam: "Can you show me the way to the washroom please?"

Rekha giggled hearing it. Amit could not afford to giggle but he certainly escorted Amit towards the washroom. This was the break Rekha was looking for. She rushed into the cubicle and wiped herself dry once more. She could not control but rub herself a little. However, she stopped since she knew she was a screamer. She did want to enjoy controlling herself until she got into the car with her husband. However, serious doubts started to rise in her minds. The doubts rose cause of the way Amit was touching her. 

Amit: "Ma'am, these are the only two problems with your bra. There can be many other types of problems. I will give you a proper booklet on how to take care of it when buying the next products."

Rekha wondered if he had a booklet, why he demonstrated it on me. Whatever it was, Rekha loved it and so did Anupam. 

Amit: "Sir, hope you did not mind the small demonstrations. I can tell all about it but it would kill much of your precious time. I am sure you are busy man. I need to ask something about ma'am. Should I address you or ma'am, Sir?"

Amit was indeed a trickster with words. His words touched their heart, his fingers touched their minds. 

Anupam: "You should surely address her. Is that fine with you Rekha?"

Rekha did not know what to answer. She just nodded her approval. 

Amit: "Ma'am, I am sure you both must have chosen a basic range of products which appeal to your eyes. I would like to give an opinion of mine, if you permit."

Rekha was melting hearing his words. 

Rekha: "Please do."

Amit: "We know our products are pretty expensive. We want to deliver the full value of it. I cannot refuse what you desire but I can certainly guide if it will be a product which is right for you."

Anupam was surprised to feel a stirring is his pants again. He had just jacked off in washroom and not much time had passed since. Rekha did not feel uncomfortable anymore to stand in her undergarments and discuss openly as well. She sat next to Anupam as the conversation went on. 

Rekha: "Yes, we have marked the products that interest us at first glance. Tell us, what do you feel about them?"

Amit carefully looked at their choice of products. He duly appreciated them at their classy choice as well. The couple felt absolutely comfortable with him. They could now discuss any and everything with him.

Amit: "Sir, the choice of color depends on one's personal likes but one must choose colors which compliment the skin tone. In madam's case, any color will suit her because of her fair skin tone."

Rekha knew she would not have to bother for her lingerie shopping anymore, in this life time at least. 

Amit: "Sir, the choice of product though must be carefully done. Not all products will suit her. Her shape and curves would need something specific to add to her beauty."

Anupam was all ears to every single word Amit said. Rekha was already gloating hearing the praises. 

Amit: "Sir, ma'am is one of the most beautiful girls I have come across. I cannot help but say it. However, I would like to ask you what kind of a shape she has and what needs to be done to increase her sexual appeal?"

Anupam went into pondering mode. 

Anupam: "Well, she has the right curves at the right places. We need some special lingerie for those special moments. So anything different from normal wear should add to her sexual appeal."

Amit: "Sir, you are very right about the curves. Ma'am certainly has the perfect curves. She has an hourglass figure, as we term it. I hope you get the clue what I mean by hourglass."

Rekha was blushing hard once again. Amit instinctively knew that he had to take control now.

Amit: "Ma'am, do you mind coming here. Please stand with your back towards Sir."

The anticipation of what Amit would do next excited her beyond her imaginations. She followed his command.

Rekha stood there with her back towards Anupam. Amit squatted down, in front of her. His face was good six inches away from her crotch but he could smell her quite nicely.

Amit: "If you see the shape of her hips Sir, you will observe that she has the perfect ass a man can desire. Pardon my words. I am trying my best to express what I feel about her in a good way. I don't intend to be cheap. If you feel odd about anything I am doing or saying, please tell me so."

Rekha was biting her lower lips to stop herself from moaning. She felt so slutty from inside.

Amit: "Sir, she can wear any kind of a panty. Her hips are so shapely that they will look beautiful with any kind of a panty. Even a cotton panty will look exotic on such a shapely, beautiful ass. I must compliment you on your efforts to keep the shape of your body ma'am."

Anupam was gulping hard. He was once again desperate to use the washroom. 

Amit: "Thongs, lacy panties, g-strings, boy shorts, cotton panties - either will suit her, Sir."

Amit spoke while squatting close to her waist. Anupam was busy hearing his words. Rekha came to her senses as she felt Amit's finger slide 2-3 times on her panties, between her labia. Rekha was surprised once again at Amit. Amit was in total control of himself. His speech did not shake even a bit as he was gently fingering her vulva and talking to Anupam at the same time. Anupam's facial expressions also did not give away that he was doing something of this kinds.

To her utter shock, Amit stood up and placed his hands on her shoulder. Rekha felt her legs go utterly weak as he did so. He just smiled and turned her to face Anupam. Rekha was surprised to see Anupam's eyes fixed totally on her crotch. She went the deepest shades of red as she realized that she had a wet patch on her panties. Anupam had moaned seeing it and Amit fingering had made her panties stick to her overflowing juices inside. Her camel toe was clearly visible. She felt so cheap, sluttish and whorish. Her cunt oozed another round of juices. Rekha was gasping for air. She had never felt such an extreme need to cum.

Amit: "Something smells fishy. Let me look at the fresh air issues in the room, excuse me please."

The comment left Anupam and Rekha reeling under the belt, literally and really. Rekha was too embarrassed to face Anupam. Anupam was too excited to see anything but her crotch. 

Amit: "Sir, you both have chosen padded bra's for ma'am. The padded bras will not add to her beauty. She has rather full breasts. The bra has to be decided according to the occasion you plan to wear it on. Do you have any specific occasion in mind to wear them ma'am?" 

Rekha was too embarrassed to say anything. 

Amit: "Indians generally wear the special lingerie in bed only. In more than 80 % of the cases, the couples involved are not able to experience the real beauty as they keeps the lights turned off. Don't you want to wear them at your social outing as well ma'am? I am asking so because I have specific thing in mind for your private and social outings."
