 It was early morning and the fog was rising, leaving a vale of white, halfway above the path and throughout the rest of the woods. Beth took a deep breath, enjoying the smell of the moist grass. The sun cast beautiful shadows on the ground, as the rays streamed through the trees; which is one of the reasons she loved to walk at this time in the morning. It was quiet and peaceful with only the sounds of passing cars in the distance and the occasional bird calling. The morning was cool. She could smell wood burning as the wind gently tousled her hair around her face. It felt like invisible fingers on her cheeks. As she walked, she fantasized about his fingers touching her and caressing her; her neck, her breasts and her waist. God, how she longed for his touch. She couldn't even remember the details of his face anymore, it had been so long. She struggled to remember how it all started, trying to refuel the fantasy. 

It had been about three days since Beth started taking Professor King's accounting class. She was an art student and academics were not her thing but she needed one more business credit to get her diploma. Accounting seemed to make sense. After all she would have to manage her own books, when and if her work ever made a profit. She had just attended a two hour seminar about her future in the Design program. It stressed the importance of loving your work and art for pleasure, more so than profit and starving artists and blah, blah, blah. 

Beth created because she loved it but wasn't sure if she was driven enough to commit her life to such a huge 'what if'. She seriously re-evaluated whether she would even continue with the design program at all or look into taking something more practical and profitable. Finally, she decided that if nothing else came of her art, she could fall back on bookkeeping, so she enrolled in accounting.

It was 1:50 pm when Beth got to the class room; there wasn't anyone there yet so she found her usual table at the back, as far away from the professor's desk as possible and got out her books. She figured she had to take the course, but she didn't have to like it and she certainly didn't plan on being an active part of the class, so the back of the room was the place to be. 'Better to go unnoticed', was her life mantra.

Then Professor King walked in. He was average height, maybe 6 feet, about 40 - 45 and devastatingly handsome by Beth's standards. He was clean shaven and wore glasses. He had dirty blonde hair and a goatee that had started to grey, making him look very distinguished. He had broad shoulders and strong arms. Beth was thankful that the school had no policy against short sleeves so she could drink in the sinew of his forearms and the little bit of bicep that was visible. His 'rear assets' were accentuated by his casual and perfectly fitted khaki cargos.

Beth's chin rested on her hand as she gazed dreamily at him, unaware that he had noticed her. Her insides muddled as she stared at his body, imagining it up close and personal with hers. Oblivious to what she was thinking, he smiled at her and her breath caught with his acknowledgement; she turned beet red. Oh God, she thought, and busied herself with her books. 

"Good morning sunshine." Professor King said in his warm, confident voice. Beth melted and struggled to keep her crimson tide at bay. 

He was the reason this class was even remotely bearable. She could listen to him recite the phone book, which was definitely a bonus to his good looks, because although she had no problems with the work, the class was very boring. 

"G-Good morning." She said looking up only long enough to address him. 

At first Beth had trouble looking him in the eyes, not able to manage any real kind of eye contact. Professor King noticed and was flattered by her bashfulness. He tried valiantly not to think about how cute she looked when she blushed, attempting to keep the teacher/student borders un-penetrable. A battle he would eventually lose, because over the next few weeks the attraction intensified. 

Everyday she would arrive earlier and earlier to class just to share space with him; alone. She would try, rather pathetically, to talk to him about anything, sometimes asking the silliest questions just to hear his voice. When he spoke to the class, his tone was very cold and sharp; but when he directed his conversation to her, it was warmer and smoother like a wonderful Acappella folk song. The kind she'd heard as a lullaby her whole life. Her body reacted to Professor King no matter how hard she tried to suppress it. When he looked at her out of the corner of his eye, her insides turned to goo. When he passed her in the hall, she would shiver and her nipples would stiffen. He caught her off guard once, while in line in the cafeteria. He said hello from behind her, inches from her ear. The moisture from his breath travelling straight to her core. She lost her concentration, bumped into the person ahead of her and dropped her entire tray of food. 

Professor King was becoming sexually aware of her too. Beth would come to class in low cut tee shirts and short skirts. He couldn't help but admire her exquisite physique, with her tight ass and tight tan legs and the smell of her shiny long brown hair. She was very slim, but still had the stark contrast between her wide hips and tiny waist. That paired with perfect breasts, would make any red-blooded man mad with desire. 

Eventually they both eagerly anticipated their class time, before and after. Beth would pretend not to understand the work so that she could stay after class for extra help, hoping for a bit of non verbal foreplay. She was very attuned to his presence. The affect it had on her body was stimulating, energizing and at the very least, gave her fuel enough to take matters into her own hands, when she was alone at night in her bed. 

Not only had Beth become a glutton for punishment, returning time and time again for his erotic abuse; but Professor King sadistically yearned to make her squirm and blush, consequently torturing himself as well. He fed off of her reaction when he invaded her personal space and would lean over her shoulder, under the guise of examining her work just to watch her tremble and hear her breath quicken. He wanted, no, needed to be near her, to smell her, to feel her quiver against his chest. Dangerously, he attempted to get close to her, speaking into the shell of her ear and delighting in the way her breath would catch. He stared down into her vibrant, pulsing green eyes and marvelled at the way they instantly darkened with desire. When she stood before him, his eyes travelled over her body and he relished the way her nipples pebbled beneath her shirt at nothing more than the touch of his gaze. The electricity between them threatened to drive him insane.

A wave of heat would wash over her; starting at her feet and gradually moving up her legs. It heated up her inner thighs and caressed her core, leaving her wet and agitated. When it reached her breasts it made her nipples stiffen against her tight tee shirt. Professor King noticed when it happened and found himself becoming aroused. She would squirm in her seat, trying to get comfortable in her slippery wetness. As the heat rose to her face she would breathe faster, almost panting and then she would blush; her cheeks first and then her ears, her neck and her décolleté. The entire exchange would happen daily.

While Professor King was at the board giving a lecture Beth would often fantasize about him. One day she imagined herself walking up behind him; sliding her hands deep into his pockets; pressing her already charged body against his back; grabbing his hot, swollen cock in her hand from inside his pocket. She took in a long deep breath imagining his smell. She craved the taste of him and subconsciously raised her fingers to her lips. The fire inside her was too much to handle as she began squirming provocatively in her seat. The guys in the class were becoming aroused watching her. The girls began whispering just loud enough for her to hear. 

Beth opened her eyes and snapped back to reality only to see all the eyes of the class on her, including Professor King. She was mortified. She blushed and with tears in her eyes, gathered her things in haste and ran from the class. She could hear the snickering from her class mates as she ran down the hall. 

Professor King tried to bring the class back to order, but to no avail, so he decided to dismiss them. He was sympathetic to her embarrassment; but was deeply disturbed by the fact that he might be the cause of it. Much to his surprise his feelings for her were stronger than he wanted to admit. He wanted to run after her but knew if he had, it would appear inappropriate so he remained in the class. He couldn't stop thinking about her though. It distracted him for the rest of the day. He was very relieved when the day was over, and decided he would have to talk to Beth about what happened. He wasn't sure what he would say but he had to try and make taking his class a little less uncomfortable for her. At home that evening his sleep was disrupted by thoughts of her. 

The next day Beth wasn't in class and Professor King realized he missed her. For the next few days, he could think of nothing but her. By now a rumour had circulated throughout campus about an affair between the two of them. Even his colleagues were teasing him in the staff room about Beth's apparent infatuation with him. He desperately wanted to defend her but worried it would make him appear guilty. 

In the evening, while he was alone in his apartment he thought about Beth; her shy smile with perfect white teeth; her smell, a blend of coconut and lilac. He loved the way she looked at him, like she wanted to be with him, regardless of where they were or who might see them. 

For the first time such thoughts of her made him rock hard. With his eyes closed and his head back, he put his hand in his track pants and started stroking himself while he fantasized about her. He imagined her straddling him in his chair, his hands gripping her firm ass and sliding her slowly up and down his hard shaft. Her wet pussy making sucking noises as she moans her enjoyment. She grabs his shoulders and begins moving herself; rocking her pelvis forward and back and around and around. He is keeping time to her rhythm, pushing and pulling her as she loses herself. Her long hair drapes over her breast leaving only her erect nipples exposed. Then she throws her head back, exposing her bare breasts. He sits up and begins to nibble and suck them. His hands slide from her ass up her sweaty back and he pulls her close burying his face in her breasts. She runs her fingers through his hair and presses his head into her chest. Their pace quickens as they both come closer; his grunting gets louder as she quiets. The thrusting is replaced with pounding and he is less able to hold on. With one final thrust and one loud groan he explodes deep inside of her. 

That evening he slept like a baby. 

Beth's phone rang about 4 times a day for weeks. She was trying to decide what she wanted to do about school. By now the embarrassment wasn't the issue. She really didn't know if Art was what she wanted anymore. She was never going back to his class, that she knew for sure; she couldn't be around professor King anymore but maybe she could try some other business course next semester. The fact that she hadn't been at school for a month now wasn't that big of a deal; she was always way ahead with her assignments, but people were getting concerned that something else might be wrong. She didn't have friends in school but there were a few acquaintances that thought she had been gone long enough. Not all the phone calls were from other professors or students though. He had called her almost everyday at least once, but stopped leaving messages. She thought about calling him back; and then thought better of it and deleted the calls.

Beth knew she had to at least get back and talk with her adviser about where she stood. She was pretty sure she could make it in for the appointment unnoticed. After a short conversation, her adviser agreed to see her on Wednesday which gave her one day to psyche herself up for it. She spent all of Tuesday cleaning her apartment. It had never been so clean; but when she was done, she had nothing left to do. All the laundry was done; the bathroom, the kitchen, the floors and even the windows were done before 8:00. She decided that she wasn't going to sit around and stew about the meeting tomorrow, so she went to bed.

Beth slept in the next day and by the afternoon was ready to go. She put on the most normal outfit she could find; sweat pants, and a tee shirt, no makeup and her hair in a ponytail. She looked like every other student and would blend in with no problem. She grabbed her bag and went to catch the bus. Beth hated to be late and had the bad habit of checking her watch every 10 min. Damn, she thought, the bus is running late. When she got to the school, she hurried down the hall to her adviser's office. Unfortunately she would have to pass Professor King's office on the way but she was pretty sure he would be in class. But she walked a little faster anyway.

Professor King was in his office. He was at his desk facing the door, concentrating on the huge stack of unmarked papers in front of him, when he smelt her. Her perfume drove him crazy and he hadn't forgotten it. As he looked up he caught a glimpse of her passing the door. He got up from his desk quickly and went out into the hall. He saw her disappearing into the office two doors down from his. The door closed and he stood in the hallway waiting. He was almost giddy, he was so excited. He laughed at himself for how foolish he must seem. He missed her. He had decided about a week ago that he needed to see her again so bad that he was planning on going to her apartment this afternoon. 

He stood in the hallway patiently for about 1/2 an hour waiting for her. When Beth emerged from the office she was looking down as she walked toward him. She bumped right into him. He steadied her with both hands and felt that familiar connection between their bodies. Beth looked up into his eyes and blushed instantly. Her body had not forgotten their chemistry either and she was wet instantly. Shit, she thought, is this ever going to stop? How do I control myself when I can't control my body? 

"Beth I need to see you in my office right now please." He said still holding her. His words startled her even though she had been looking at him. She dropped her eyes and nodded, then turned and made her way to his office. His hand on the small of her back, casually guided her.

"Please have a seat" he said as he walked to the other side of the desk. Beth sat and began playing with her hair. 

"You've been gone for quit some time. I'm afraid you won't be able to make up the lost assignments." 

Beth nodded. 

"Were you discussing what to do with your adviser just now?" 

Beth nodded. 

"So what did you decide if you don't mind me asking." 

Beth finally spoke, "I will be taking another course next semester." 

He smiled "Good, good." He said searching for something to say. Desperate to keep her there. 

"Can I ask you why you stopped taking my class?" 

Beth cleared her throat. "I was too embarrassed to come back." 

"Would you mind telling me what happened?" he said. 

"I'd rather not." She said as she looked at the floor. 

Professor King stroked his goatee as he thought about what to say next. 

"Was it me?" he said tenderly. 

Beth looked up, in a moment of bravery, and answered "Yes." 

She was so shy and vulnerable he couldn't help but feel sorry for her. 

"Some of the other students said you were.....day dreaming" which was his way of being tactful. 

"Yup" Beth answered. 

"About me? What is so embarrassing about that?" 

Beth took a breath. "Can I leave now?" She said.

"Just tell me what was so bad." 

Beth got up and walked to the door reaching for the knob. Professor King was up out of his seat just as fast and reached over her with one hand and held the door closed. His chest was against her back, he was as close as he could get. They had never touched before and the air was electric. His face was right next to her head. Beth looked down but didn't move. 

"Beth." He said in a soft airy voice right next to her ear. Beth shivered. She thought she was going to faint. 

"You didn't return my calls." His voice was deep and husky.

Beth looked at the door but didn't want to move.

"I know." She mumbled.

"Why not." Professor King pushed further.

"I didn't know what to say." Beth's voice was quiet. Professor King wanted to hold her, and had to say something now or she might walk out the door and not come back. 

"I know you like me" he said. "I mean, I know you, want me." 

Beth stood up straight. She hated confrontations but knew she was going to have to talk about this or she might never get out of there. She turned around slowly. He didn't move and his face was so close to her she could smell the mint on his breath. They were both practically panting. The lust between them was tangible. Beth looked into his dark and intense eyes. 

"I want you too" He said into her mouth. He rubbed the back of his hand along her cheek before sliding it under her hair and grabbing the back of her neck. Seconds passed as they looked at each other, and then he kissed her. 

Time stood still. Beth melted into him. The taste of him and the softness and warmth of his lips pulled her deeper. Unconsciously she snaked her arms around his neck and kissed him back. It was a slow and passionate kiss that made her knees weak and her pussy throb. 

He pressed her against the door with his body. Moving his hands to her waist he pulled her closer grinding the bulge in his pants against her mound. The feel of her small frame under his strong body made her tremble with excitement. It was better than she thought it would be. She felt safe and comfortable with his forceful confidence and was losing herself. 

They kissed like that for several minutes when he finally stepped back. He was breathing heavily, his eyes cloudy and intense, almost wild. Beth stumbled a little when he pulled away, trying to cling to their connection. When she opened her eyes she was still a little foggy. Professor King smiled. 

Beth tried to catch her breath "You could get in a lot of trouble for that. What will your colleagues think?" 

Professor King was very stern now and in a slightly angered voice said "You're not my student any more and as for my colleagues, you let me deal with that." 

"Yes Sir". She said quietly.

"Professor King?" She continued to look at the ground, "What now?" 

He tilted her chin up to look make her look into his eyes, "Call me Shawn".

Shawn went to his coat rack and got his coat. He took her by the hand and left the office. Beth had no problem submitting to him. They quickly walked down the hall together and out the front door to his car. He opened the car door for her and quickly glanced around to make sure no one was watching.

As they drove, they said nothing. Beth could still feel her heart pounding as she relived the kiss. Shawn put his hand on her knee. She could see the cabin as they rounded the bend. It was small and rustic and very secluded. It was hidden behind several trees with a cobble stone path leading to the driveway. He pulled up to the garage and turned off the car. They sat in silence briefly before he got out. She took a deep breath as he rounded the front of the car and opened her door. With his hand outstretched he helped her from the car and led her to the cabin. 

The path was pretty over grown but Beth would have made any excuse to hold his hand. She had craved his touch for so long. It was amazing how her body could react to such a simple exchange
