 Erik took a deep breath as he hung up the phone with Naomi. She had just called to inform him that her leadership meeting had been canceled and ask if she could come by, to which he agreed with enthusiasm. 

The truth was that Erik was nervous. His last attempt to dissuade her from continuing their affair hadn't gone as planned. He knew that he needed to take a hard stand and end it before things blew up in his face, but he hated seeing her cry. There was also that fact that he wasn't confident he could resist her should she seriously pour on the charm. Erik hoped he was ready, but either way, all he could do now was wait. 

Naomi smiled to herself as she snapped her cell phone shut. She knew that Mr. Alberts wouldn't be able to resist her. Naomi had carefully prepared herself this morning before leaving the house so that her teacher would be unable to ignore her. She'd known since Wednesday evening that the Thursday meeting would be canceled, and she wanted to look her absolute best. 

The teen glanced down at her outfit, sure that she'd outdone herself. Before calling Mr. Alberts, she'd changed into tiny denim shorts that hugged her perfect ass. The white tank top she wore stood out starkly against her tan skin and barely hid the red bra she wore underneath. She couldn't wait to see her English teacher's face when he glimpsed the matching red panties.

Although Naomi originally felt confident that Mr. Alberts wouldn't reject her this time, she found that she was growing more and more nervous as she drove towards his house. She knew she'd have to perform well if she was to convince Mr. Alberts she was worth the risk.

Naomi hadn't planned on falling for her teacher when he first suggested the 'extra-credit project.' She figured it was a good way to get some real experience before leaving for college. Even though she'd been terrified in the beginning, she found that she enjoyed her detentions with Mr. Alberts immensely. 'I'm not ready for this to be over,' thought Naomi.  As the girl pulled her car into the driveway of Erik's house, she breathed deeply in an effort to calm her shaking hands and pounding heart. "Come on, Naomi," she said aloud to herself. "You can do this."    Erik jumped out of his seat at the sound of her car pulling into the driveway and practically ran to the front door. He stopped himself and counted to ten as he reached for the doorknob. He needed to relax if he was going to maintain control here. 

A soft knock came from the door and he plastered on his best smile as he opened it. "Hello, Nao..." he began. His words caught in his throat as the gazed openly up and down the girl's beautiful body. Head to toe she was stunning and he stood there, open mouthed and speechless. When he found his voice again it was low and raspy with his desire. "Hello," Erik cleared his throat, "Hello Naomi. Please come in." 

Naomi's heart nearly stopped when she heard Erik say her name. Every hint of anger flowed out of her body as she relaxed in his presence. "Hi Mr. Al-, I mean, Erik," she responded, softly. "It's good to see you again." 

Erik had no idea how this girl could affect him so deeply, but as she stood on his front porch, alternating between staring at the ground and glancing at him, his cock hardened and his arms ached to hold her. "Please, come in," Erik said, as he held the door open for her.  

As soon as the door was closed, Naomi gushed, "Thank you for having me over, Erik! I've been getting ready for this. I've been thinking of you since last Saturday..." Naomi trailed off as Erik placed his hand on her arm and led her to the study without really looking at her.  

"Naomi, baby, we need to talk."  

"But... but I thought..." 

"Sweetheart," Erik began, as he sat down on his leather sofa and then stopped as he struggled to find the words. It had been less than a week since Naomi had writhed naked beneath him, covered in his cum, on this very couch.  

"Oh please, Erik. Can't we just be together tonight? Please, Mr. Alberts?" 

"Naomi," Erik tried again, "this really has to stop. I have loved every minute of this, but we can't continue. I could be fired, and you could lose your scholarship..." 

Tears stung Naomi's eyes. She knew he was right, but she was not ready to give this up. Sex with Erik had been amazing and she needed to experience him again. She looked at her teacher and tried to explain how she felt. 

"I know, Erik, I know," she said, amazed that her voice was steady even though tears slowly fell. "But I can't... I don't want to... I need this!" 

Erik slowly reached out to his student and pulled her into his arms, settling her tiny body onto his lap.  

"Naomi, love, I want this, too. You... you are fantastic! I love your body." The girl smiled. "And your mind," Erik added, almost as an afterthought. "But no. No, Naomi, we can't continue seeing each other. When you leave here tonight, we have to go back to being teacher and student." 

Naomi wiggled her ass against Erik's hard cock. "But won't you miss me?" 

Erik groaned. He knew Naomi was smart, and he had worried she would try to manipulate him with her body. Of course, it was working. 

"Oh God, Naomi," Erik muttered into her hair. Naomi twisted her head around until her face was inches from Erik's. She looked into his eyes and saw no resolve, only pure lust. Knowing that he was powerless to resist her, she pressed her lips to his. 

Erik moaned into the kiss, readily opening his mouth to accept her probing tongue. Naomi nibbled on his lower lip and massaged his tongue with hers and she deepened this kiss, almost as if she was determined to pull every last ounce of resistance away from Erik.  

Erik couldn't think. Something about Naomi captured his attention so completely that he couldn't think when he was around her. Before he knew it, he was lying on his back, holding Naomi tightly and kissing her as if his life depended on it. 

"Naomi, mmmm," Erik moaned into her mouth. "We have to stop. We can't keep doing this," he murmured in between kisses.

Naomi responded by kissing him harder. She ground her little body into Erik's hard cock, determined to make him forget about leaving her.  

She smiled to herself as she felt Erik loose his grip on the situation. Naomi knew that she needed to please Erik like never before if she was going to have a chance of sleeping with him again.

Erik didn't know what had come over him, but he did know that he never wanted to stop kissing Naomi. He desperately tried to remember why he wasn't supposed to be doing this, and failed to find a reason. With a cry of pleasure, he thrust his tongue deep into Naomi's mouth. As he grabbed her tight ass and pulled her closer, Naomi grinned. 'Victory', she thought.

"Oh Erik, I've missed you," sighed Naomi, as she kissed down his neck and ground against his hard cock. 

"Oh God, oh Naomi..." 

Erik was startled to realize that somehow Naomi had unzipped his jeans and worked them partly off. The cool air on his cock had jolted him back to reality only briefly before Naomi clasped it in her warm hands.  

"Do you like this? Do you like this, Mr. Alberts?" 

Erik's cock jerked. She was deliberately reminding him how wrong this was, and how right it felt.  

"Don't stop Naomi," he cried, thrusting into her hands.  

Naomi sat back and wrapped his cock in both hands, and slowly started pumping up and down. "I've been waiting for you to let me blow you. I can do it now, I know I can. I am going to take you into my mouth and taste your cum..." 

Her words were too much for Erik, and without thinking he reached a hand up to the back of her head, and forced her mouth down onto his cock. As her wet mouth enveloped his raging hard dick, Erik almost came.  

"Naomi, baby, please," Erik gasped, realizing that he sounded like an eighteen-year-old himself but not caring.  

Slowly, Naomi traced her tongue in light circles around his head and then increased the pressure as she pulled her tongue down the shaft of his cock.  

"Oh... Oh God..." 

Naomi could feel her pussy twitching as Erik moaned in ecstasy, but she kept focused on her task. Careful to keep her teeth off of her teacher's delicate skin, she pulled her lips tight around his cock as she sucked, slowly moving her head up and down.  

She held her tongue flat, and with just the right amount of pressure she teased the underside of his cock. Naomi pulled her tongue up Erik's dick, milking him. She caught just the tip in between her lips as his cock was about to spill free of her mouth and massaged the sensitive ridge with the tip of her tongue.  

Erik had no idea how this girl had learned to give head, but he didn't care. The only coherent thought in his mind was that he would soon be coating his lovely student's face with his cum. He gently played with Naomi's hair as she continued to pleasure him with her mouth.  

Naomi moaned, and the vibrations caused Erik to jerk inside her mouth.  He reached down and cupped his heavy balls with his free hand, knowing that he was going to cum soon. 

"Naomi, please, oh God, Naomi, baby..." 

Naomi felt Erik's cock twitching and knew he was about to cum. She increased her pace as she tried to prepare herself but he came too quickly. The girl swallowed as fast as she could, knowing that most of it was dripping down her face. She lapped at his cock, desperately trying to taste every last bit of Erik.  

Erik couldn't move. He'd never been so satisfied in his entire life. How could a girl of such little experience please him so well?  

Naomi kneeled beside her teacher on the couch, his cum still dripping off her chin. "Did you like it, Erik?" 

Erik groaned. He wanted to remember this moment forever. Naomi had the perfect mix of innocent uncertainty and satisfaction on her beautiful, young face. 

He awkwardly sat up while stuffing his softening penis back into his pants. His gaze drifted over the cum that coated her face before settling on her expectant eyes. His eyes closed and he let out a long sigh as the shook his head before saying, "Naomi that was amazing. You thrill me like no other woman I've met. I don't know how you managed such a marked improvement since the last time, but...WOW." 

Erik stood up and crossed the room to his wet bar. He handed Naomi a towel so she could clean herself up and opened a bottle of wine, pouring two glasses. When she was finished freshening up, he handed her a glass and took a seat across from the couch. 

He looked at her puzzled expression with sad but determined eyes and began bluntly, "We have to stop this. It's too dangerous. For both of us. You are my student and it was wrong of me to have ever started this, or to have let it come this far. I love spending time with you. I'll miss it too, but it's over." Erik said these last two sentences while staring at the floor.  

Naomi felt like she'd been slapped. She could still taste her teacher on her lips, and he was breaking up with her? Tears stung at her eyes, but she blinked them back, determined to see this through  "I... I don't understand. You can't just end it!" 

"Naomi, please. We really can't." 

"It's not fair, Mr. Alberts. It's just not fair! I did everything you asked, and you're just going to leave me?" 

"I shouldn't have let you come over here tonight. It was a mistake but I was... weak. I'm sorry." Erik spit out the last few words quickly, as if they burned his tongue. 

Naomi took a deep breath, strengthening her resolve. One tear slipped down her cheek as she steadied herself, trying to keep her mind from reeling. "So you're just ending it now? After you got what you wanted? After you fucked your virgin student?"

"Naomi, please. It wasn't like that..."

"Then what was it like, Mr. Alberts? Is the thrill gone now? Or will you fuck me again if I'm no longer your student?"

"Naomi, I can't switch you into another class. It wouldn't look right. And your writing has improved so much lately..." 

"No!" Naomi practically yelled. "That's not what I mean," she continued more quietly, and with less anger. "What if we stopped seeing each other until I graduated?"  

Naomi stared into Erik's eyes, and he shivered at the amount of passion and conviction he saw there.  

"I don't know if that's a good idea, Naomi." 

"But why not? I won't be your student, I'm 18. You can't get into trouble. I won't tell anyone. Please Mr. Alberts. Erik, please." 

Naomi held her voice steady, free of tears and emotion as she begged her teacher not to leave her.  "I just want to have another night with you," she finished, quietly. 

"Will one more night be enough? We have to end it sometime, Naomi. I really can't date you." 

"I know, silly!" Naomi responded, her voice taking on some of its usual sparkle, now that she thought Erik wasn't going to leave her. 

"Naomi, I'm sorry. I don't know how to tell you this, but I won't be here this summer. I've been accepted into a program to teach English all summer in Italy." 

Naomi drew in a sharp breath that she felt like she couldn't expel. "Oh," was all she managed to say. 

"It's not your fault Sweetie! I applied for this before we started this whole thing. I've applied in the past and never gotten in," Erik rushed on. 

Naomi stared at Erik for a few moments before launching herself onto her teacher's lap, kissing him with every ounce of love and passion she possessed.   "Naomi, darling, I'm so sorry. I'm sorry this has to end," he murmured between kisses. 

"Please Erik, please," Naomi begged, as she continued to kiss him.  

"Oh God, baby," Erik moaned, amazed that his cock was hardening again.  

"Can we please do this again? I need it." 

The agony in her voice snapped Erik back to the present. "Naomi..." 

The young woman pulled back and stared at her teacher.  Erik's heart clenched for the first time since sleeping with Naomi. He didn't know what made him say it, but he heard himself agreeing to dinner with Naomi. 

"But only after you've graduated. We'll not be alone until then. Is that understood?" 

"Yes, Sir."