 Rekha was lost in a land of imaginations as she donned new lingerie every day. She promptly clicked a few pictures in her undergarments, a few without them as well, and kept on sending them to Anupam. 

Anupam started to get more demanding just like his business trip. Rekha tried her best to cope with his demands for newer pictures every day. About a week later, Rekha got irritated with Anupam's request for a new angle. She did not know that her irritation was about to open up a box of possibilities. She sent him an email, telling him to hire a professional photographer if he wanted new angles. 

Anupam sent an email, almost immediately, back to her "Do you know anyone reliable?"

Rekha went wet almost instantly reading the email. The whole idea made her feel so whorish. 

She was confused as well. Anupam was pretty open to what happened in the lingerie boutique and now he was asking her for pictures. Many questions crossed her mind. Was there some part of Anupam which she did not know at all? How come he was so open to the concept of his wife being felt and touched by an absolute stranger? 

Her life had taken a turn which would leave her excited and confused at the same time. This paradox was almost prevalent since she came to know about the existence of the virtual world. Fortunately she did not have to ponder much to come to a decision. Universe, it seems, had already taken a decision for her. 

Rekha was intimated by one of the servants that a person had come to meet her. Half way down the stairs, her legs almost gave away as she was Amit waiting for her. She did not have any smile on her face. How did he get her residential address? She was a bundle of all negative emotions as she made her way down. Amit just gave her a print out of an email, also showed her the sms that Anupam had sent. In the email, Anupam had requested Amit to go to Rekha and discuss the issue of photographs and photographer. Anupam had clearly stated in the email that he had total faith on Amit since the visit to his lingerie boutique. Their address was also mentioned. Rekha felt a relief as she understood how Amit got their address. 

Rekha: "Would you like to have something?"

Amit was sporting a very mischievous smile as she asked her. 

Amit: "Anything hot, warm and juicy is fine with me."

Rekha was relieved that her servant did not understand any language other than Hindi. Amit's words made her feel hot, warm and juicy at just the exact place he had intended. Rekha told the servant to serve them black coffee with dark chocolate cookies. 

Rekha: "Do you mind discussing what you have in mind?"

Amit: "I don't have anything in mind Rekha. Your husband asked me to arrange for a photographer who could take some suggestive pictures of yours. He also wanted that someone to be safe and secure kinds so here I am. What do you have in mind?"

The ball was in Rekha's court. The paradox of being uncomfortably excited was tearing her apart. She decided to play it slow. Rekha undid the pin on her pleat of sarree and let it loose, eyeing Amit all the time. She never knew that she was a vixen too. 

Rekha: "I never say no to anything that Anupam wants. Tell me Amit, have you planned anything?"

Her looks were having the exact effect on Amit that she wanted. The crunching of cookies and sipping of coffee went on for quite some time and so did the tease as well.

Amit: "Well, I was planning to strike two birds with a stone. I will take pictures for your husband and his need for something different. I will also take a few pictures for the website I had told you about. I should be able to manage both as long as you are okay with it. Which dresses and lingerie do you have in mind for the pictures?"

Rekha felt a familiar feeling of wetness starting to happen between her legs as she spent more time with Amit. She felt herself melting as she listened to him talk and take control of the situation. 

Rekha: "My husband has shown trust in you for the pictures. I have shown trust in you as a whore. It would be best if you decided those dress and lingerie issues."

Amit savored her words for a bit. She looked so innocent and naive as she spoke. How could she ask a total stranger to decide a dress and lingerie? Rekha would realize this but only when she could do nothing about it. 

Rekha received a sms from her husband which made her go wet even more. It said "Darling, I await many, many pictures from you. I miss you so much."

Rekha pondered - did he know about Amit was here or was it pure timing?

Amit: "Can we check your wardrobe for the dress and lingerie?"

Rekha realized it for the first time then that she had unconsciously invited him into her bedroom. The whole idea had such a ring of being a big time taboo but it made it even kinkier for her. She was gushing juices between her legs. 

She had such a spring in her steps as she went towards her room. She had never found herself so vulnerable, so desiring and so open to a stranger. She knew it well that her walk must be giving Amit the living nightmares. She wanted to tease him more. Amit asked her something on the stairs which swept her off her feet, literally. 

Amit: "Rekha, do you think what you are doing is right? You are taking a total stranger to your room. What if he finds you too hot and cannot control himself? What if he rapes you? What will your servants think when you take this stranger to your personal bedroom? What will your husband think when you tell him this?"

His questions struck her heart, fair and square. His words had such a genuine ring to them. 

Rekha: "I never thought so much Amit. Please seat yourself in the drawing room. I will join you in ten minutes. Is there anything specific that you want me to wear?"

Amit: "Don't worry. I don't intend to do anything that I told you. Let's go and decide the dress and lingerie for the photo session. I would be requiring 3-4 dresses for the session. You can decide about the change of lingerie. You will have to consider what Anupam would like to see you in."

Rekha felt a shade jittery taking him inside the room. 

Amit: "Rekha, you certainly have some taste when it comes to interiors."

The way he looked at Rekha's curves, she got the double entendre meant quite nicely. 

Amit: "Well, I meant it in reference to your room."

Amit looked quite naughty as he toyed with her gently. 

She had an impressive collection of both dresses and lingerie's. It took some time and effort to finalize them. Rekha had never thought of Amit as a photographer but the skill with which he chose the dresses and lingerie, surprised her. Amit was quite a skilled person when it came to handling Rekha. 

Rekha collected the dresses and made her way towards the box room. Amit stopped her. He told her to change in front of him. She had never done such a thing ever. This had only happened in her imaginations. It seemed Amit came into her life to clear her paradoxes of life. She felt nervous at the sheer thought of changing in front of him and yet a larger part of her wanted it as well. Ever since her first meeting with Amit - her life was full of sweet paradoxes. 

Amit had taken out his camera and started to take a few clicks vaguely. 

Rekha: "Amit, I am quite sure that you will ensure the safety of the pictures you are about to take. I don't think there is any need to tell you the importance of it."

Amit assured her that he will take care of same. He put the camera on burst mode as he clicked a few pictures. Rekha started to undo her sarree. Amit's camera came alive. He checked the pictures for lighting etc. The lighting in the room was a shade low or had Rekha deliberately kept it that way. Amit was totally floored to see Rekha, stand in front of him, in a blouse and sarree. Her back towards him made it even more exciting for him. He was an ass man but Rekha did not know of this yet. 

Rekha was not able to face him for another reason. She was cursing on her decision of choice of lingerie for the day. She had chosen to wear the crotch less panties with the cup less bra. The paradox was killing her once again. She wanted to turn and show him her jewels but felt shy at the same time as well. She felt as if her legs would give away. She pulled a settee and sat down. Amit offered her a glass of water. She smiled and took a few sips. The small things that he took care of always made her feel go all mushy inside. 

Amit eyed her as she slowly sipped the water. He stopped her as she was about to take a sip. He stepped back and then told her to go on. As if he instinctively knew that a few drops will leak her lips and make their way down to the cleavage. He was much thankful that the camera was on burst mode. He adjusted his raging hard on as he looked at the pictures captured. 

Rekha blushed some more at the realisation of what she had just done and the shots that might have been captured in the camera. She looked into the huge mirror in front of her. The water had made the blouse stick to her skin. She dreaded wearing the seamless bra. Her erect dark chocolate nipples did not make it any easier. They poked out like erect pebbles. 

Rekha came to senses as she felt something brush against her blouse. Amit had cupped her boobs and was kneading them firmly but quite slowly. Rekha did not know what to do, how to react, should she move away or should she get closer. Her thought process had gone numb. The only thing active in her body was her cunt. It churned out juices like anything. She felt so kinky to realize that her crotch less panties would not soak her juices today. Her face gleamed as she imagined what might happen. She placed her hands on to his, which cupped her breasts, and removed them slowly away. 

Amit could not decide what to do - whether to take her pictures from a distance or to feel her up close. He felt a paradox for the first time after meeting her. A few deep breaths and there was clarity in his head. He would enjoy his paradox and Rekha as well. 

Rekha undid her blouse hooks slowly and started to peel of her blouse. It was Amit's turn to choke for air to see Rekha go through the whole process of undressing. He could not afford to lose the opportunity to click such an awesome setup. His body ached to touch her but only his eyes could do the same at the moment. 

Her young supple breasts resting on the seam of the bra, the contrast of her dark chocolate nipples against her fair skin and her overall posture made her look nothing less than a goddess. Amit wanted to worship her for long but his camera kept him busy. 

Rekha loosened the cord of petticoat. She felt too shy to stand up and remove the petticoat. The whore inside her made her turn and face Amit as she stood up. She let her petticoat fall to the ground. She stood in front of him. 

Amit could not control himself much. 

Amit: "Statue."

He gave a very naughty smile. Rekha smiled back. She stood there like a statue - wanting to be worshipped. Her heart skipped many beats to see him coming closer to her. Her whole being was tingling in anticipation as he opened his mouth and got closer to her hurting nipples. His warm breath on the skin only added more to her torture. Amit was totally mesmerized seeing Rekha in her sexy basics. 

Looking at her, he knew that her body was on an overflow of hormones. Her mind accepted all that was happening but he could clearly see a few shades of hesitation as well. It could happen due to many things but knowing her well enough, he knew that it was happening due to the idea of her cheating on her husband. Amit knew it was time to turn on the heat a shade more. 

Amit was observing her carefully as he let his tongue out. A smile happened as he looked deep into her eyes. All the hesitation had vanished and she was nothing but a big time whore now. He gently put his tongue on the outer circle of the areola. Rekha's eyes closed in reflex action and the same could be said for the moan. Amit judged her carefully once more before her started to move his tongue all around the areola. Rekha had started to shake with excitement. Her eyes were closed and her mind was going bonkers. She did not know when she took his hand and guided it on to her throbbing clitoris. 

Amit smiled as he said "You are such a horny whore, sexy as well."

Rekha bit her lower lips hearing the words. She knew she was at a point of no return. Amit kept on circling his tongue around her areolas. Her nipples also stuck out as if telling Amit that they were quite desperate to be felt as well. Instinctively, he took her full areola and nipple into his mouth. The warmth, his tongue, lips and her mind made it impossible for her to hold back anymore. She put her hands on top of his and guided it to the exact spot she wanted to be stimulated - her clitoris. A few strokes and she convulsed on his fingers. She felt quite embarrassed to see herself in such a situation but the fact was that she wanted more of it. She had never felt so slutty before.

Neither of them said a word. Rekha got up and went on to change her dress. Her body was on fire. The simple touch of different material of her dress, her undergarments was making her desire more. Amit got busy clicking pictures from different angles. 

He slowly realized that she was a natural when it came to posing for camera. She instinctively knew which pose would accentuate her figure best. Amit loved the confidence with which she went on. 

Amit: "You are quite a natural Rekha when it comes to posing for camera."

Rekha smiled and gave another heartwarming pose.

Amit: "You really need to learn how to pose as a whore though."

Rekha flushed hearing his words. 

Rekha: "I am all yours. You can use me as you want."

Amit croaked visually. The words she had just said had so much more meaning to it. 

Amit carefully chose the next dress as he kept on pondering what she had meant when she said that she was all her and that he could use her as he wanted. Did she mean about the photography session? Did she mean about her body? Was she just teasing him?

He chose a short nightie and a set of very lacy lingerie for the next set of photographs. He could see that she was gleaming like never before. She was quite a naughty girl. 

Amit: "Rekha, do you think Anupam will like a picture of yours in this short nightie?"

Rekha: "I think he would like me very much without them."

Rekha was getting verbally bold and Amit was getting physically excited. Was she doing this deliberately? Amit inhaled a few deep breaths and carried on. 

Amit: "There is a fine line between a cheap whore and a classy whore. What do you want to portray yourself as?"

Rekha: "What makes you think I would like to pose like a whore for Anupam?"

Amit: "I love the way you react. If he had wanted normal, natural pictures of yours - he would not have asked me. It is quite obvious that he wants you in something special, in some special poses. Do normal girls pose like that?"

Rekha: "Do whores only pose like that? I think people with healthy kinks also pose like that."

Amit wanted her in a slightly aggressive mood and his words incited Rekha just enough as she reacted.

Amit: "You are absolutely right. I think my terminology is slightly wrong but I used those words keeping you in mind. Are you not a classy whore?"

Rekha did not know what to say. She felt a slight irritation being addressed like that. 

Amit: "Now look into the mirror as you pose. I want you to brush your hairs as you look into the mirror."

Rekha: "So much for acting like a classy whore."

Amit smiled as he clearly felt the sarcasm. He knew what he was doing exactly, Rekha would realize it later. 

Amit kept on clicking her pictures as she started to comb her hairs. He corrected her posture a few times. He spent another 10-20 minutes taking her pictures in the short nightie. 

He transferred the pictures on to his laptop and put them on slide show mode for Rekha to see. Rekha blushed as she was the pictures. The short nightie had gone up quite a way up as she brushed her hairs. A few shots showed her silky thighs exposed nicely. A few shots accentuated the shape of her breasts as she brushed her hairs. A few shots exposed the side of her panties as the nightie went quite a way up. The whole combination of shots made her feel so beautiful. She had never seen herself in this light. She understood it that Amit clearly had more knowledge than her. 

Amit: "If you had smiled a shade, it would have added so much to your beauty."

Rekha understood what he meant. All she needed was a clue. She was smart enough to take care of the rest. She loved being guided. The change was clearly visible in the next set of pictures. Amit was not so glad because he had unleashed an animal. She was a tease queen at the moment and Amit was the one suffering. 

Rekha gasped as she looked at the total set of pictures on her laptop. She had never felt so classy ever. She was so thankful to Amit and Anupam both for the same. She had the class in whatever ways one saw her. She looked an absolute goddess in her normal pictures. She looked more than a goddess in her not so normal pictures as well. 

Rekha: "You transferred all the pictures you took on to my laptop. Won't you need them to put it up on the website you had in mind?"

Rekha blushed quite hard as she spoke the words. She was kind of forced to say them because Amit showed no clues of the same. 

Amit: "Does anything in this world happen for free?"

Rekha went redder hearing his word. She had no clue what he had in mind but she was a sport for anything he wanted. As a matter of fact, she was desperate for anything and everything that could happen. 

Rekha: "I gave you the pose for the pictures. I showed you my body in all its glory. What more do you want?"

Rekha could clearly see that there was no conviction in what she said. 

Amit sent a text to Anupam "Your wife has all the pictures."

Rekha almost immediately received a text from Anupam asking for a picture. She loved the extra attention she was getting from her husband. 

Rekha: "Why do you tease me like this Amit? You know it well that I want the website up and running. What do you want in return?"

Amit: "My darling whore, I have a lot of wishes. I want to see what you are comfortable with."

Rekha knew she was being teased. She knew it precisely that he was prying her open, her fantasy world too.

Rekha: "You only said that whores don't have a choice when it comes to customers. I will do what you exactly wish."

The answer was smart and Amit loved it. 

Amit: "Let's kiss and see where we go from there."

Amit, intuitively, knew that she would refuse him. Rekha refused and understood what Amit meant by knowing her limits. She was thankful to him for understanding her. Rekha felt kissing was the most intimate thing and she simply could not share it with anyone other than the person she loved most (her husband). Kinks were a different thing and love was something absolutely different. 

Rekha looked at Amit. She was amazed that she was developing feelings for him which were more than just a virtual friend. The way he cared for her, the way he was helping her blossom, melted her heart. She wanted to give him all of her but the kiss. She felt someone special in his presence. 

Rekha put a finger on his chest and forced him down on her bed. It was Amit's turn to be surprised. Her eyes conveyed clearly to him that he was going to have the time of his life. She used her foot to guide his legs apart. Looking into his eyes, she sat between his legs and placed her hands on his thighs. 

Rekha: "We have quite a big problem indeed."

Amit found it impossible to control himself. Her pun did not help it either. Amit's breath went short in anticipation of her move. She let her hands move in his inner thighs region. Every time she came close to his crotch, Amit would widen his legs in anticipation of her touch. Amit was like putty in her hands now. Rekha was absolutely enjoying the new found control. 
