 I couldn't believe it was happening. I was so nervous I was shaking. I sat in my car, knowing what my goal was, and shook; both excited and terrified. 

You and I are both married. Both in love with our spouse, but both wanting more in our sex lives. We're so much alike sexually, it's scary.

We'd had our encounters, sure. Hugging for far too long in secluded parking lots. Occasionally me kissing your neck or pulling your hair as the sexual tension mounts. You jumping onto me, wrapping your legs around my waist, and me shoving you against a wall or my car. Often my hands would run over the glorious curves of your body, but each time we'd fight our urges, and we'd push away, say good bye, and go our separate ways.

That day I had other plans. 

Your husband had to work. You were home alone at your apartment and I didn't have to work myself. I'd made some random excuse to leave and headed straight there. 

I'd been to your apartment once before. In the middle of the night I talked you into coming outside onto the stairwell for a kiss. Something I swore would happen only once. However, I wasn't expecting you to come out, and I certainly wasn't expecting it to be you who placed the kiss on me.

I felt unprepared, and that the long-anticipated kiss was a letdown for you. It caught me off guard, so I felt terrible about it.

That day I was going to make it right. You knew I was on my way. You tried to talk me out of it, but only halfheartedly. You wanted me there as much as I wanted to be.

I text you that I was coming up, and that I'd knock until you opened the door. So, I did. I went upstairs and knocked. Almost immediately you opened the door.

I had my usual stupid grin on my face, my mouth cocked to one side. 

You smiled, let me in, and quickly closed the door behind you. 

At once I grabbed you, shoved you against the wall, pulled your face into my hands and kissed you. Much better than the first time, we sort of melted into each other. I tried using tongue, forgetting that you don't like doing that, and you had to remind me, "No French kissing." That was going to be hard for me, but I'd adapt, for sure.

I started my hands inside the black hoodie you were wearing, grabbing your breast. 

I couldn't believe it was happening.

I kissed you for what seemed like forever, and also no time at all. Moving around to your neck, I slid my hand down the shorts you had on, and for the first time felt your amazingly wet pussy. I began to rub your clit, and after a tense moment where you started to stop me, you instead began kissing me harder, and moving your hips with my hand. 

While I knew you were into it, I pulled your shorts and underwear down to your ankles and moved to my knees in one swift movement. Before you could react, my tongue was running along your pussy. After your initial moan, you grabbed my hair and pushed my face into you further; I obliged, enjoying every second. I dug my fingers into your hips, trying not to leave marks, but I was loving it too much to really care. Being on my knees with you over me, moaning and grinding against my mouth as my tongue slid in and out of you was all I needed at that moment, until you came.

My cock was pounding against the inside of my jeans at this point, so I stood up and undid my pants, reached in, and pulled it out. I looked you in the eye, took your hand, and told you to feel it. You stroked it with both hands, staring at it for a couple minutes, your mouth slightly open as if surprised. I'm only pretty average but I was pleased by the look on your face as if I was more. You were driving me absolutely crazy stroking my cock as I started taking your hoodie off of you, and we somehow moved into the kitchen area. There was a counter there that was the perfect height, so I put you up on it, spread your legs, and began going down on you again. 

You placed your hands on the counter behind you, arched your back, leaned you head back and moaned, which urged me to increase the intensity. My mouth absolutely ravaging your pussy, you moaning, my cock pressing hard against the counter... I couldn't take it. 

I stood up, grabbed you by the back of the head, pulled you toward me, and kissed you hard, making you taste how sweet you are. 

As I stood there in front of you, I looked down and pressed the tip of my cock against your now extremely wet pussy.

I looked you straight in the eyes.

All I had to do is lean forward. 

All I had to do is bring my body closer to you and I'd be inside

I'd be doing what I had been dreaming of since the moment I found out how sexually ferocious you were. 

This was a line, though, that there's no coming back from. 

As that moment stretched on forever, we both were frozen. We both knew the implications. Your chest heaving, my cock throbbing against you. 

One slight movement and we would both be in bliss. Moving together as one, both of us getting pleasure we have never imagined. 

But should we?

We both knew it would be wrong; both of us stared at each other, unsure of what to do, hoping the other will make the decision, one way or the other. 

At the same time we both moved... 

You locked your ankles around my back and pulled me into you as I leaned forward and kissed you, sliding my cock inside you for the first time.

Now I'd fucked before, but this... this was different.

Our bodies moved together, as if we knew what each other wanted. 

I fucked you hard on that counter top, my dick slamming inside you with everything that I had. You were absolutely digging your fingers into the back of my head, grabbing handfuls of my hair. 

You moaned uncontrollably. Your body tensed and you came extraordinarily hard. 

I slid out of you, I needed a break. I wasn't done with you yet and I was about to cum.

I pulled you over to your couch, bent you over the arm and entered you from behind. Slapping your ass hard between thrusts, leaving a hand print. You were begging me loudly for more. You didn't care what your neighbors thought, you felt fucking incredible. 

I was ready to cum. I was wiped out, and needed to release my load, but I desperately wanted you to ride me. I pulled out, and you, somehow knowing what I wanted, immediately turned around and pulled me to the couch. 

I sat down and you straddled me, sliding your dripping pussy onto my shaft. You started slowly, pushing me to last as long as possibly, but soon you were bouncing on top of my cock, your tits in front of my face.

I came harder than I ever had before.

I sat there in awe of what just happened.

What the hell were we going to do now? We went way over the line. 

But silently, we got up, cleaned ourselves up, and I left, kissing you goodbye. Unsure what was going to come of this, mixed full of emotions about everything that had just transpired.