 This is something more personal than any of my previous stories. Feedback would be greatly appreciated. 

------------------------------------------------

I'd been through quite a bad break-up a few months ago. He'd left me for another woman—he'd said she was more well-established and could give him what he wanted. I'd learned not to miss him, but I missed the idea of him -- the snuggle-partner on cold nights, the hand to hold at the movies, someone to buy naughty lingerie for and the spontaneous sex.

I couldn't find anything to fill the gap he left. Life had become mundane and boring. My friends tried to cheer me up and tried to get me right back into the game, but my heart just wasn't in it. After a few failed fix-ups with a few desperate men and a woman, I'd resolved to wait until it fell into my lap, if it was meant to be.

My job and career became my biggest priority. I worked as a project manager for a large firm. A recent sports injury had left one of the members of my team in hospital and we were short of one man. I tried to pick up the work of the missing member so that we wouldn't fall behind. Some days I stayed late at the office to make sure we were up to date and on track. My boss, Mr. Rodd, soon realized that the overtime hours I was clocking in were piling up and decided to appoint someone new.

"This is Guy," Mr. Rodd said, bringing in a tall man one morning, "He'll be filling in until Michael is well again. I trust that you will make him feel welcome and show him the ropes."

Mr. Rodd walked away without another word, leaving Guy with me. I introduced myself and walked him through to our work area, where I introduced him to the rest of the team. We discussed which sections he would take over and I volunteered to talk him through what we'd done so far and where we were headed.

He was quite something -- tall and rugged, with piercing blue eyes and strong jawline. When he spoke, it was soft and gentle, but masculine and firm. He oozed masculinity. His blonde hair was short -- military style. His face was covered in hair -- not a full-on beard, but far from clean-shaven. His shoulders were broad and his arms strong. Just looking at him sent my hormones racing. This was a real man.

Over the next few weeks, our project started to take shape quite well. We were well on track to meeting our deadlines and were three weeks away from our launch date. Guy was pulling his weight, as was the rest of the team. We worked well together. Guy and I had gotten to know each other a bit better and were getting along well. He still set my blood on fire every time I spoke to him. It took a lot of self-control to actually listen to what he was saying and not get lost in his eyes, or stare at his face and daydream about rubbing against it.

Then disaster struck. Another member of our team fell ill and needed to be in hospital -- now, at crunch time. From a five member team, we were down to three. The third member of our team was a mother of three young children and couldn't work late nights, so Guy and I took over as much as we could, working into the early hours of the morning sometimes.

We brushed up against each other a few times while working so close. While I wished he'd just know he was making me wild, we had too much work to do to warrant complicating things. He fuelled my raw sexual desire and I often had to masturbate as soon as I got home. 

Two nights before the launch, we finally were back on track. Guy and I had been working since that morning in the same office. We'd ordered pizza and ate as we worked. With the last of the pages printed, stapled and punched and all the plans saved and backed-up, we breathed our sighs of relief.

"Done at last," he said.

"Yeah, it's been a rough start for you hey."

"Not too bad -- never said no to a challenge."

I gave him a smile, gazing into those stunning blue eyes.

"Better call it a night," I suggested.

"Already?"

"Yep. I have sleep to catch up on."

I began packing up and tidying up the office. Guy moved around trying to do the same. We bumped into each other and crossed over each other as we put things in order. His masculinity around me made me a little fluttering and, while fighting to keep my compusure, his arm brushed against my breast. He apologized several times for it, even though it was my fault. 

"It's fine," I said.

"I'm really sorry. Don't want to get into trouble with your boyfriend or anything."

"No boyfriend."

"Really? Why not?"

"Bad break up. Don't really want to talk about it. And you? A girlfriend?"

"Ah shame man. Nope, no girlfriend."

We finished tidying up and made some small talk. He played soccer on the weekends and lived alone in a flat nearby. He had quit his job about a month ago after an incident with his boss that he didn't want to talk about.

As we spoke, my body was still reacting to Guy's masculinity and my gut was telling me to take advantage of the situation. My hands had become clammy and my nipples had definitely pricked up. Butterflies appeared in my tummy. 

I wanted him so badly. It was now or never. 

"Guy..." I said, standing next to him.

"Yes Talia..."

"Would you..."

He leaned down and kissed me -- his soft lips engulfing mine in a wet embrace. The heat of his body passed into mine.

All too soon, he broke away.

"Is that what you were going to ask for?" he asked with a naughty smile.

I could only nod.

He kissed me again -- deep and passionately, playing with my tongue and probing my mouth. Our kiss soon became heated and I wanted more. His rough face was rubbing against mine. I could hear his breathing intensify. My body began tingling. I knew my pussy was becoming wet.

I pulled his shirt out of his pants, as his hands slid under my blouse. His touch sent electricity through my veins and I jumped a little. Guy was undeterred and moved his hands around my back and sides, hitting all my sensitive spots. His shirt buttons kept my hands busy as our tongues played with each other.

He pulled off my blouse next. Then unzipped my skirt and let it fall. I undid his pants and let them fall. His hands traced up my spine and down again. My bra was next.

"Bet I can do it with one hand," he said between kisses.

And he did. He unsnapped it with one hand and then pulled the straps off my shoulders, letting that fall to the floor too. My nipples stood to attention as they felt the cool air.

"Wow," he said, cupping my breasts. He leaned down and took a nipple into his mouth, sucking on it. The other nipple then got a similar treatment.

His boxers caught my eye. There was definitely something growing in there. I slipped my hands into the waistband and pulled them off. His cock popped straight up, erect and ready for some action. I smiled and gave him playful nod of approval.

He mimicked my movements on my panties, and gave me a similar nod.

Now we stood before each other in nothing but our shoes, with our clothing strewn across the floor around us.

"We really shouldn't be naked here," I giggled.

"But we really want to be naked here," he retorted, pulling me into his arms.

We kissed some more, deeply and passionately again, but naked this time.

"I've seen the... longing looks... you've been... sending... my way," he said between kisses.

"Mmm..." I groaned.

He pushed me against a now empty desk. I got up onto it and he stood between my legs, my dripping pussy now spread for him.

"Ready?" he asked. I nodded.

He pushed forward, sending a tingle through my whole body as his cock just touched my spread pussy. Any thoughts of not doing this here and now disappeared from my mind.

"Do it," I urged.

He guided the tip of his cock into my slick opening, before giving a good, hard shove -- driving himself into me and causing me to shriek with sheer pleasure. His lips found mine again as he began to thrust inside of me, building up speed quickly. My hands gripped onto his shoulders and his held my hips.

My orgasm built up quickly and soon I was screaming. It took just a few more strokes for me to cum, my fingers digging into his skin as I did so. I screamed out and pulled him toward me. He paused for a moment to let me recover.

I got off the desk and slipped to my knees in front of him. My mouth engulfed the head of his cock and I flicked the head with my tongue. The taste of my juices mixed with his pre-cum was sublime. As my tongue flicked over the head, I closed a hand around his shaft and began stroking. He tangled his hand in my hair and groaned loudly. I slowly took more of him into my mouth. He used his hands to control my head and push it up and down his cock. My hand moved to his balls and stroked them lightly. My tongue flattened out and slobbered around his cock.

"I'm cumming!"

His cock spurted hot cum into my mouth and down my throat. It stayed buried in my mouth until he was done and I had swallowed juice.

I stood up and he stroked my face, looking deeply satisfied.

"Now its home time," I said.

He just nodded. I started getting dressed and he followed suit.

*

He held my hand as we walked down to the parking lot together. His masculinity was turning me on again. He offered to take me for a drink and I invited him to my house instead.

*

It was a bold move, but one of which I still reap the benefits. He's still part of our team now. I don't know why or how, but I'm happy with it and won't ask questions. We haven't been alone at the office late at night since, but we have found new places for our late-night encounters.