 Rekha after many attempts finalized and emailed the pictures she wanted to be published on the website. She also inquired with Amit as to when the website would be up and running. She felt pretty frustrated not to receive any email from Amit till late evening. Wish she knew how much time and effort it took to design a website. 

She got a sms - "I need some basic details to get the website running. Should I come to your house or will you come to my shop?"

She felt an increased flow of blood to her vital organs as she read the message.

She replied back "My place, around 3 p.m. Servants would have gone to take rest by then."

Amit smiled and wondered what had he done to deserve such a horny whore. 

Rekha could feel butterflies in her stomach to hear the bell ring on her door. Servants had already gone to rest so she opened the door and got the shock of her life. Amit started to almost grope her ass as soon as she opened the door. It was something she had never anticipated. She loved it too much though. She tried to break free but her effort did not have the conviction. 

Amit: "What is your rate whore?"

Rekha (blushing): "What do you mean and why do you ask?"

Her words broke as she spoke. 

Amit: "You will have to specify your rates so I can put up the same on the website."

Rekha's face went crimson red as she tried to think of an answer. 

Rekha: "Are the rate's not dependent on the services a customer asks for?"

Amit grabbed her from behind and cupped her boobs delicately. 

Amit: "Spoken like a true whore but there are many customers who don't pay for a job. They just pay by the hour and do whatever they want."

Rekha experienced a much known feeling of wetness between her legs. 

Rekha: "What if a customer wants to do something which I won't do at all."

Amit: "Is there anything you don't want to do cunt?"

Rekha bit her lips hearing his words. Her body instinctively rushed into his, wanting more attention. Amit was already busy kissing her neck. 

Rekha: "Well, that depends on my mood. I love the ones who are like you, a mixture of good and bad."

Rekha yelped out in pleasure to feel Amit's lips and hands increasing pressure on her body. His lips dug nicely on her neck and his hands groping her boobs quite hard. Rekha gasped as she realized that his fingers had started to undo her hooks on the front of her blouse. Her hips pushed into his hard rod. 

Amit: "I love whores like you who know their likes and dislikes."

Rekha: "I love guys like you who know how to take charge."

She knew it would trigger an even increased response from him and that was exactly what she got from him. She never had imagined that she would do anything of such kinds. She knew it would only be a matter of time before her blouse would fall from her body. Her sarree was already done away with. Amit broke away from her body and turned the laptop on. He started to make a note of what she had just told. It would help him define her likes and dislikes. Amit could not spot Rekha once he was done with the noting. She was midways on the stairs (towards her room). 

Rekha: "Please bring your laptop and other belongings into my bedroom."

Amit was more than happy to hear the word "bedroom".

Once inside the bedroom, he locked the door and placed his laptop on the side table. Rekha stood like a doll, awaiting his next move. She moaned out loudly as he pushed her on to the bed. He slowly took her legs into his hand and started to caress them. He knew what he was doing and the effects were being enjoyed by Rekha.

Amit: "There has to be a rate structure for clients otherwise you won't get customers from the website."

Rekha: "What if I am already busy with someone?"

Amit: "You will need to maintain an appointment diary so you don't mess things up."

Rekha: "Can't I hire someone to maintain my appointments?"

Amit smiled as he looked deep into her eyes. 

Amit: "Suppose you have hired me as your secretary, how will you tell me about your appointments?"

Rekha had never thought about the intricacies involved.

Rekha: "If I had a secretary like you, I would be really lucky. I know you can take care of my accounts too."

He parted her legs and was now caressing her milky calves and continued the discussion.

Amit: "It would be my pleasure to be your secretary. What would be my salary?"

Rekha: "What would you like it to be?"

Amit straightened her legs and let his hands slide down all the way to her panties. She could not help but close her eyes and enjoy his explorations. 

Amit: "Besides your body, a certain percentage of your total income."

Rekha: "You are greedy fellow indeed. You only told that my body is priceless and yet you want a cut in my income as well."

Amit: "I will obviously provide you with my valuable services in return to your money."

He placed her legs on his shoulder. He parted her panties to get a feel of how wet she was. She lay there like a whore, wanting more. 

Rekha: "What other services could I possibly need?"

Amit (erotically feeling her vulva): "There are many issues involved in handling your career."

Rekha gasped and moaned. His strokes were making it impossible for her to reply. Her lower back arched up towards his fingers to give him proper access to the places she wanted him to explore. 

Rekha: "What more issues? You just want my money."

Amit knew she was teasing him. He just played along her lines.

Amit: "I think you would like a certain basic filtering of your clients. I can do that for you."

Rekha: "You are quite right. I never thought of it. I feel so dumb. What percentage of my income do you want? I am sure you will be worth every penny to me."

Rekha felt a rush of air into her privates as she felt his fingers parting her vulva and stretching it a bit as well. It was something she had never experienced. Her hot cunt experiencing cold air conditioned air into her tunnel of love. She was glad that he knew how to handle her. She felt so very shy at being exposed like this.

Amit: "I would be your pimp for 20% of your income."

Rekha pushed her crotch onto his fingers as she heard the word pimp. She felt an ever increased need to masturbate. She kept on pushing her crotch towards his finger while he quite cleverly moved his fingers away from her privates. She opened her eyes to see what was happening. In that very moment, as their eyes locked, he started to churn her vulva with his fingers (just like taking lemon juice out of a lemon). His fingers were totally smeared with her overflowing juices. Her eyes closed as she found herself enveloped in streams of pleasure. Amit stopped. She understood that he wanted her to open her eyes to continue further. 

Rekha: "It is a deal then. 20% of my income will be yours. Are pimps not supposed to protect their whore's as well?"

Amit inserted a finger inside her overflowing cunt. He placed a thumb on top of her clitoris and started to rub her vulva with the fingers of his other hand. Rekha could do nothing but push her crotch more towards him. She knew it well that a mind shattering orgasm was only a few rubs away. Despite knowing this fact, Amit once again stopped stimulating her. 

Amit: "I will protect you from many things which you have yet to envisage."

Amit now lowered himself on to her exquisite naval. Rekha could not quite understand what was happening to her but everything he did was giving her pleasure beyond her wildest imaginations. She was forced to remember whether Anupam had ever made love to her in these ways. Amit started to play with her belly button. He teased the outer part of her naval with his inquisitive tongue. He then started to go deep inside her belly button. Her mind was already wild with so many imaginations. The first thing that came to her mind was his penis inside her cunt and it made her moan once again. Amit then leisurely started to kiss her lower naval area. He ultimately reached her pubic bone area. Rekha had never been so desperate ever for a release. 

Rekha: "Do you think not letting me cum is some form of protection? I am almost there. Please lick me to ecstasy."

Amit: "Your expressions are such that most of your customers will be far more desperate than you to cum. It is next to impossible to control for me even."

Rekha burnt with a renewed desire as she saw him undoing his pants. 

Amit: "Don't you dare touch yourself. I will be the one doing everything."

Rekha was mesmerized listening to his words. His words had a ring of authority to it. She could not do anything but wait for him to make his next move. Amit's precum had pretty much soiled his underwear. He came and stood near her face.

Amit: "Do the magic that you do. I will cum if you overdo your magic."

Rekha: "Do I have to take your permission for everything? I will do what I want. Even a whore has her own needs."

Amit: "You have such a kinky brain that guys can cum hearing you talk to them. "

Rekha cursed Amit for not letting her do anything. The fact was that the more authoritative he became, the more she loved it. He stood between her legs and parted them roughly. Rekha was lost in her own dirty world of imaginations. She was moaning in anticipation of his next move. Amit quite roughly removed her panties. Rekha lifted her hips to help him remove it fast. She wondered why his rough handling was giving her more pleasure. 

Amit: "Seems someone is in heat."

Rekha loved to be at the receiving end of the tease. She blushed harder to accept the fact that she was the one who was so very desperate.

Amit: "Close your eyes and don't open until I cum."

Rekha: "Oh fuck. I will not open it. Please give me your monster in its full glory."

Amit gave her a fleeting glance of his penis before he told her to close her eyes. He then placed his hand on her thighs. She parted it as much as she could. Amit pulled her roughly to the edge of the bed. Rekha once again wondered why she was enjoying being roughly handled. Amit then slowly fondled her vulva with his fingers. Rekha could do nothing but try to keep her eyes closed and let her imaginations take her on a wilder ride. 

Amit: "Do you mind holding your legs for me? It would give me a better view of your whore cunt."

She felt his fingers smearing her juices on to her swollen vulva.

Rekha: "Please give me the real deal. I am too close."

Amit: "Be patient."

She could smell his sex smells. She felt a range of emotions ranging from shyness to kinky in a matter of few seconds. 

Amit: "I want your whore cunt to be wet enough before I do anything with my penis."

Rekha could only moan and convey her feelings. Her hips and thighs were constantly gyrating in anticipation. Rekha experienced something she had never done before. Amit spat on her cunt and then started to smear his spit on her vulva and around. She remembered all those porn movies and the spitting. It made her feel so very whorish. It was simply perfect for her. 

Amit then placed his knob on to her clitoris. Rekha could feel her breath stopping in anticipation. She parted her legs as wide as she could. She felt his knob pressing into her privates. She then felt him guide his knob from the top to the bottom of her vulva. Her cunt opened up nicely in anticipation of his entry but it did not happen. What happened was an ever increasing need to be penetrated. Amit guided his penis up and down on her vulva. He knew what he was doing but it was a mystery for Rekha. 

Amit: "You are such a beautiful whore that I want to enjoy you forever but my current state of excitement in such that I cannot hold for more than a minute. I will penetrate you afterwards today."

Rekha gasped hearing his words. The way his knob was sliding on her vulva with her juices, his juices and his spit was making her wilder than she imagined. Her lower back arched more and more with every rub. She was pleasantly surprised to find herself getting over horny. Her cunt and hips had started to rhythmically tighten around his knob. He felt as if her cunt would suck up his knob and take it deep inside her hungry cunt. Both of them knew they were only a shade away from cumming hard. 

Rekha: "Rub it faster please. I am going to cum."

Amit gently placed his free hand on her boobs. Rekha felt she could control no more. The extra sensations were making it impossible for her to hold back. 

Amit: "What is stopping you whore? Cum like never before."

His loud moans forced her to open her eyes and take a look at the raw expressions on his face. His eyes closed as he released spurts of his warm semen on her clitoris. It triggered an orgasm so deep that she felt that she might pass away. She felt the sensations deep in every single cell of her. Amit could not help but huddle down on her body. He felt pleasures like never before. They lay in each other's arms for what seemed an eternity. 

Amit: "Wash yourself Rekha. What if a single cell of my sperm makes its way deep into your ovaries? I hope you understand what I mean by I will protect you."

Rekha (kissing his arms): "I am on pill so I am already protected dear."

Amit: "You are indeed a customer's dream whore."

He kissed her back on her shoulders and hugged her. He then used the washroom and cleaned himself up. He sat on the laptop and started to work on completing the website. 

Amit: "The only limitations I have written is that you don't like to be kissed on lips."

Rekha was surprised to realize that she was roaming around nude (with lights on) after sex for the first time in her life. It gave her a sense of freedom, a sense of liberation as well. A sense of getting in touch with things she liked. 

She just nodded her approval. Her eyes were busy enjoying the other nude body in front of her.

Amit: "I have blurred the face of the pictures that I have put up."

Rekha just listened.

Amit smiled back at her. They also discussed other issues like protection from venereal diseases, how to screen the customers etc. Rekha was glad that she would not have to bother about such important issues. Amit would take care of them.

Amit: "You need to clarify one more thing. There are clients who have special requests. How do you propose to handle them?"

Rekha: "What kind of special requests do you mean?"

Amit could clearly make out that she had not envisaged anything of this kind. 

Amit: "Different people have different kinks. Some client might request for a threesome. Some people like being watched, some people love watching and so on."

Rekha: "You can write that it depends on me if I agree for the special requests or not. Please also mention that special requests will attract special rates as well."

Amit: "Rekha, you will give every whore a run for their money."

Rekha blushed, grabbed his arms and sunk into his chest to move away from his constant stares. Rekha had brought nuts and juices while Amit worked. 

Rekha: "Have some nuts and juices."

Amit: "Why?"

Rekha: "Proteins and liquids help you rejuvenate for second round."

Amit: "Second round of what?"

Rekha clearly whimpered as she answered his question.

Rekha: "Sex."

Amit did not seem to be in any kind of a hurry as he talked to her. Rekha did not look so patient though. Amit shifted his stares to the laptop and started working once again. He was almost done with minor details. His basic material was ready to be uploaded. He needed to finalize a name for her website. His penis dangled beautifully as he walked towards her. Rekha stood, absolutely mesmerized. A flash happened where she saw herself on the floor, giving him a blowjob. She felt so very whorish. She snapped out of her imaginations feelings Amit's hands on her body. Amit guided her back towards the bed. 

Amit: "I want a name for the website. Which name comes first to your mind?"

Rekha was visibly chocking. She felt a renewed surge of hormones in her privates. She could not ever think that she would be doing this. 

Rekha: "You are the pimp, you decide."

Amit took her hands and made her cup his balls. That was all the inspiration she needed. She could not muster enough courage to look into his eyes and she, once again, sunk into his chest while her hands fondled his testicles and not so limp penis. 

Amit: "It is your kink and you have to decide it."

Her hands were not so gentle now as she felt the veins engorging with the fresh flow of blood (in his penis). She grasped his shaft quite hard but the movements she made were quite slow. It was something which Amit had never experienced. Rekha suggested a name. 

Amit: "It sounds like some Chinese company trying to prove that they are number one."

Rekha: "Am I not number one in what I do?"

He did not say anything at all. He, instead, looked in the direction of her hands working on his privates. 

Amit: "You certainly deliver something one has never experienced. Maybe you can suggest a name based on that."

Amit never knew what he had said but the result was something which made him yelp in pleasure. The only thing that changed places was her hand - her mouth took the place of her hands. The friction on his penis was equal if not more. He was rock hard within seconds. Had he not ejaculated before, he would have been spilling his beans into her mouth this very instant. Her hands worked on his testicles and thighs as her mouth gobbled his penis. Rekha felt quite irritated as Amit told her to stop what she was doing. 

Amit: "I stopped you as I need a name from you. You better move away from me and think of a name fast."

His precum was oozing from the side of her lips as she stood inspecting her reflection in the mirror. She was still missing the fullness in her mouth, a shade more than fullness actually. It was more like stretching her jaws but she was still missing his penis inside her mouth. 

Amit: "The name has to be such that people should find it easily."

She nibbled at his ear lobes. She later whispered a name (for the website) which came to her mind. Amit pondered and found the name to be perfect. He just smiled and nodded his agreement to the name. He registered the domain name and awaited the approval. He knew he had some time at hand now and he wanted to make the most of it. He turned to face Rekha.

Before she could assess what he was up to, he was all over her. His hands, lips and fingers were wrecking havoc on her body. She could do nothing but lay back and enjoy being swept away to ecstasy by the expert lover. She had experienced his soft and smooth skills till now. Today, it seemed, was the day of rough love. His fingers had an urgency with which they moved. They had a certain uncaring attitude to the way they moved. The rough movements were giving her a sensation that never existed in her mind. Her body was not only loving it but also responding likewise. The more her body responded, the rougher he got. Amit stopped doing everything all together and instead looked directly into her eyes. 

Rekha: "What?"

Amit: "Nothing."

He started to move his fingers away. Rekha's pussy squeezed on his fingers and did not let it move out. 

Rekha: "What?"

Amit: "Tell me what you want."

Amit felt a new wave of juices on his fingers. He smiled and kept on looking at her.

Rekha: "Don't stop now please. Do anything, everything that you want. Just make me cum."

Rekha did not know how the words came out of her mouth but they did. Amit asked her to relax her thighs to let his fingers move a bit. Rekha blushed quite hard to realize that her thighs were clasping hard on his hands. She relaxed her grip on his hands. Amit started to slowly torture her once again. Within a matter of seconds, he found her most sensitive spots and Rekha knew that she would soon convulse once again on his fingers. 

The roughness with which he had felt her made her feel a shade sore inside. The effect of the mildly rough love though left her desiring for more. She opened her eyes to look into his. She could do nothing but moan as she felt his fingers gently sliding in and around her clitoris. She was so very desperate once again. His lips were only a few millimeters away. She knew he was teasing her, making her test her limits. In that awkward moment, she let her lips get close to his and started to kiss him. She kissed every single spot on his face but his lips. Her wet kisses made him moan and his finger around her clitoris made her moan. She opened her eyes to look into his but could not keep them open as her animal instincts told her that she was going to convulse yet again. She went short of breath as she climaxed. 
