 The sexual tension between the two co-workers had been palpable before but never this thick. The morning had started different than most. By pure chance the small office was absent three of the five daily regulars leaving only Michelle and Bruce to get the day started. Certainly a rare occurrence in this tight knit small business.

The first sign of trouble was the lack of telephone traffic that normally demands everyone's attention each morning. A quick call into the office phone system revealed what could be considered a major problem. The phones weren't ringing because the antiquated system was down.

Michelle, always the fast thinking heartbeat of the office, descended the cellar stairs to access the troublesome system tucked away within the seemingly vast array of IT gear in the pristine basement of the old city building. The owner had always demanded that his campus of refurbished buildings be kept clean and all systems well engineered and meticulously installed. This one was no exception.

Bruce quickly followed her down. More for the chance to spend a few precious, private moments with the girl of his fantasies than to actually help get the system back online. He couldn't remember a time when the two had ever had a moment alone much less the entire building to themselves.

They had become great friends over the course of their working days together. Bruce attributed the ease of their relationship to the intertwining of the stars for Michelle was a Sagittarius, Bruce's favorite of all signs. Her personality meshed with his Aries like gears in a well-oiled machine. He loved the way they could feed off of each other's energy and build their interactions into a high-energy concert that even others around them could feel, whether it was for the job at hand or just in the name of fun.

Little did Bruce know that his fantasies were equaled by her secret lust for him. Ever tempted by his soothing words and caring gestures that he often directed at her in their many discussions of life's troubles and follies or by his tussled hair and green eyes that betrayed his age, many years her senior. She had often lost herself in thoughts of him as she toyed with herself in those most private of moments.

Likewise, Bruce indulged in fantasies featuring the lovely Michelle almost daily. He couldn't remember a girl who pushed so many of his buttons like she did. From her gorgeous waist-length brunette hair to her trim and shapely ass and perfect legs, he couldn't get enough of the sight of her. He often wondered if she had ever caught him staring at her as she moved oh-so gracefully about the office where they worked.

Aside from her fantastic looks there was her wonderful personality. The light that radiated from every expression on her face portrayed the carefree love of life that simply lit a fire in Bruce heart. And that voice! Oh, the few times he had heard her sing quite literally touched his very soul!

The only thing that kept the two apart was each of their commitments to previous life choices that had them both on paths that could never join. And what a pity! The feelings that they held for each other could last a lifetime if only...

The phone system in the basement was in need of another round of CPR, so it seemed, and Michelle knew the drill. This had happened before and often was a simple routine but it had once crashed for a few days before old parts could be rounded up and installed. The hope was certainly that that wasn't the case but deep inside the two secret lovers might have been hoping for an opportunity to forget the workplace and perhaps indulge in something else.

Michelle took a seat on the small metal stool in front of the rack and began the process of rebooting the system. Bruce moved in close behind her to watch and learn in case it happened again. He couldn't help but admire the way she took charge of the situation. "So her" he thought to himself. "Man, was she sexy!"

The phone system wasn't cooperating. It began to look like this might be one of those times.

While waiting for the system to reboot once again Bruce moved beside her. Crouching on the floor, he began to admire the simple beauty in front of him. She wore a thin grayish-white summer dress with horizontal blue stripes. Perfect for the way she felt this warm summer day. It showed just the right amount of her tanned legs, not too much and certainly not too little, and it hugged her curves in just the right way.

He began to take in the softness of her skin and the subtle, sexy shape of her crossed legs. She was so close and he could feel the urge building to reach out and caress her beckoning skin. The legs that he had so often imagined wrapped around various parts of his body from his waist to his neck were right there...so close.

The urge was strong but he hesitated. "What if she resisted?" he thought. "She would most likely hit the ceiling and I would be in more trouble than I can even imagine!"

Still he longed for contact with her. So many times when they were close enough to touch he had felt an incredible sexual tension between them. He wondered if she felt the same. 

Michelle could feel his presence so near her body and the very thought of him there began to draw her attention away from the task at hand and to elicit a familiar tingle between her legs. She closed her eyes to let the feeling grow and let her imagination fuel the fire. It was her favorite fantasy to be with him like this and she hoped against hope that somehow her dreams could be realized.

As he began again to lust over the glorious flesh of her thin but perfectly shaped legs she turned slightly in his direction and uncrossed them. His gaze wondered higher and he took in the creamy smoothness of her inner thighs. Forbidden territory that had never been so exposed. The sight pushed him over the edge and he lifted his hands, moving them in her direction. His heart pounded in his chest and he began to tremble from the thought of what he was about to do.

Michelle opened her eyes and caught his gaze unmistakably focused between her legs. At that very moment his hands touched her and she quickly drew in her breath. The sound snapped his eyes upward toward her face and their gazes locked. The feeling of her skin under his touch only emboldened him to want more as his palms now contacted the inner part of her knees. Sliding higher, he felt the muscles of her thighs tighten and her legs spread wider to give him better access.

"Oh" she quietly whimpered, still lost in his stare. Bruce rose to his knees and looked deeply into her root beer colored eyes. He moved in closer to to her beautiful face. Their eyes closed as their lips met. Soft erogenous flesh touching for the first time. They crushed together and their tongues touched, her hands reached behind his head and pulled him tighter. The kiss deepened as they intimately explored each other.

Their breathing quickened as his hands urged her legs apart, his thumbs making contact with the silk covered outer lips of her womanhood. His fingers deftly clenched the elastic band of her panties. He followed the hem outward and grasped them as she lifted her ass ever so slightly. He peeled them away from her sex all the while tasting each others breath as they frantically kissed.

He broke away from the kiss and moved his lips to her jawline then to her earlobe. He heard another whimper as he traveled down her neck, to her collar bone and then inward to the top of her chest. The taste and scent of her now making his head spin and pushing him onward. He thought of baring her rigid nipples and taking them between his teeth but the pleasure of her delightfully small but fantastically sensitive breasts would have to wait until another time. He had a glorious target in mind and needed to taste her sweet pussy more than anything he had ever desired.

He drew her panties down her legs as his kisses trailed down her chest and then her stomach. She lifted her foot clear of her panties as Bruce slid his hands back up her legs. He lifted her right knee over his shoulder as she gripped her dress and bunched it at her waist. He felt the heat radiating from her sex and her sweet musky odor reached his nose. He inhaled deeply and savored her wonderful smell.

Michelle closed her eyes and placed her hands on the back of his head urging him lower. She felt his tongue explore her lips and his nose pressed between her folds. He pushed into her and slid his tongue inside her sweet pussy. Her thick nectar bathed him and he tasted her arousal. He licked her upward and felt her hardening nub protrude into his mouth. He teased her clit with his teeth, biting down ever so gently and she gasped. He placed his tongue flat against her sensitive spot and rubbed circles into it. Once, twice, three times.

He lowered his face once again. He rubbed his nose on her clit and slid his tongue back into her sweet channel. He licked her deeply, drawing out her juices. He teased around her opening and took her now swollen, plump inner lips into his mouth. He licked and sucked them, first one then the other, french kissing her womanhood as he did her mouth only moments before. Her tangy sweetness bathed his face and he pressed hard into her sex.

"Oh, God, yes" she sighed and her hips bucked into him involuntarily. He drew his attention higher again, circling her clit with his tongue. He was intent on making her cum now. He sucked her swollen nub into his mouth again, nipped at her with his teeth then danced his tongue around it over and over. He released his suction and pressed her sensitive ball of nerves hard with his tongue.

Michelle gripped his hair and forced his face harder into her slick pussy. Bruce's tongue swirled around her now throbbing button and she felt his hands sliding upward inside her dress. The thin lace of her bra offered no resistance as he pushed it above her breasts. His warm hands enveloped her tits and she felt his fingers search out and pinch her hard nipples. He pulled on them sending a shockwave like lightening straight down into her pussy.

She bucked into his face again and he increased his pressure and speed on her clit. The first wave of her orgasm hit her suddenly and her thighs tightened on his head. She jerked again and he pinched her nipples harder, never letting up on her now throbbing clit. She tried to push his face away but he quickly released her tortured nipples and slid his hands behind her back then down to her ass. He gripped her body hard and forced his face onto her glistening pussy even tighter.

She screamed his name as her body bucked furiously into him over and over. He relinquished his grip on her clit and lowered his face into her honeypot. She was soaked with the mixture of her tangy nectar and his saliva. He French kissed her pussy again, savoring the taste and feel of her hot, slick box. He had wanted this for so long and was in no hurry to leave this paradise.

Her orgasm ebbed now and she felt his mouth leave her over-sensitive love button. She jerked again as the waves, although lessening, still flooded her body. She could feel him now sucking on her but avoiding contact with her clit. His hands moved off of her ass and gripped her legs. He lifted them slightly higher and she felt his tongue travel downward and circle her rosebud. He snaked his tongue into her ass and she relaxed into his touch. He heard the moan that escaped from her lips and knew that this was territory that would deserve his full attention someday but for now he had other intentions.

Michelle gripped Bruce's head and coaxed him upward. He stood slowly, admiring the beauty that was spread out before him. The bulge in his slacks exposed his arousal and she slid her hands over his concealed manhood. She reached deftly for the zipper and lowered it while he furiously unbuckled his belt. In a flash she yanked his pants and boxers down then gripped his swollen member with both hands. Her eyes again locked on his as she opened her mouth and engulfed him.

The sight alone was nearly too much but the feeling of her hot mouth and her tongue sliding across the most sensitive spot below his head made his knees buckle. He caught himself but the moment wasn't lost on Michelle. Her face smiled up at him and he felt a tiny laugh through his cock. He saw the sparkle in her eyes and she again pushed yet another of his buttons. "This girl can make a joke out of anything" he thought. "So beautiful."

Michelle now went to work on his dick. She took him in deeply and then drew back. Again and again she stroked his flesh with her lips, tongue and throat. She swirled her tongue around his engorged head and then plunged down deeply again, all the while massaging his balls with one hand and sliding her other up and down his torso under his shirt. This girl clearly enjoyed sucking cock and Bruce's head was spinning with the sensations she was sending into him.

He could feel the pressure building and was tempted to let her finish him off like this but he wanted to fuck this sweet angel while he had the chance. He pulled his hips back and slid his dick out of her mouth. She looked up at him with disappointment but he quickly reached down and raised her to her feet. He spun her around. She giggled and bent over in front of him placing her hands on the stool that still shined with her juices.

Bruce's heart skipped a beat at the vision of pure sexiness before him. Her dress had stayed bunched around her waist. Her little round ass and perfect legs framed her delicious pussy and he couldn't resist one more taste. He dropped to his knees, spread her ass cheeks and slid his tongue deeply between her legs. He licked her pussy from her clit back through her lips and up across her tight asshole pushing his tongue into her once again. Michelle moaned at the sensation.

He stood quickly and grabbed his cock. He slid the still wet head up and down her pink slit then found her hot tunnel. He pushed into her slowly and savored the feeling of first penetration. He bottomed out and held himself there for a moment. He felt her pussy clench him and he moved his hands to her waist. He drew back, almost coming completely out then thrust into her once more.

"Fuck me" she whispered and Bruce obliged.

Gripping her hips he pounded into her over and over. The metal stool began to scoot across the floor as Michelle pushed back into him with every thrust. Harder and harder they slammed into each other. Bruce's felt his balls swing into her clit and then felt her fingers reach down to add to her pleasure.

She rubbed her hot button with two fingers and soon felt the sensation she was longing for. She threw her head back, flipping her gorgeous brown hair at him and wailed as she came on his dick. Her knees buckled and Bruce held her up by her hips all the while slamming his rock hard dick into her pulsating pussy. The feeling was too much for him.

"I'm cumming!" he growled.

Michelle pulled off of his straining cock and spun around. She grabbed his dick and opened her mouth as the first shot of cum launched from his angry purple head. It hit her cheek before she could react but she managed to capture his manhood in her mouth and take the rest of his load from him. She pumped his cock and he grunted at every spurt.

Quickly Michelle stood still holding his spasming dick in one hand. She swiped the rogue splash of cum off her cheek and into her mouth with one finger then crushed her lips into his. Their mouths opened and tongues met. Bruce felt his cum slide between them and tasted himself for the first time. Michelle smelled and tasted her essence on him and they both melted into a deep kiss.

Around and around their tongues swam with each other. Bruce ran his hands through her luxurious, silky hair and gripped the back of her head. She released his softening cock, reached around him and pulled him tightly against her smoldering hot body. Their kissing slowed and became more intense and intimate.

After some time they pulled away from each other. Bruce opened his eyes to find her looking deeply at him. A devious grin broke across his face and stretched into a wide smile as he brushed a stray lock from her face.

Michelle softly whispered the one word he had come to adore from her.

"Wow!"