 I recently finished reading a novel in which the main character occasionally fantasized about his lover. Each time it happened the author would describe it something like this, "And when he was naked he turned to the mirror and touched himself". That usually ended the chapter.

What I want to know is what happened? Was he so aroused by the thought of his girlfriend that he came by merely "touching" himself? Or did he just touch himself (no description of where) and that was that?

I have to believe that something more happened. Why was the author so touchy about adequately describing the scene? This was a fantasy for God's sake! The guy was naked, standing in front of a mirror and thinking about his lover.

When I fantasize I don't want to stop with touching myself. That doesn't do much good. I want to go much farther. I want to take my stiff penis in my hand and masturbate until I cum. Hopefully, with a giant spurt!

One of my favorite fantasies is about a lady I used to date. She was beautiful. Six feet tall, very long gorgeous legs and large breasts with huge areole and jutting nipples. I was 21 and she was 32. Not only was she older, she was married and had 2 children. Apparently she and her husband had some kind of arrangement and they both did what they wanted. And what she wanted was my cock and lots of it!

When I met her she had never french kissed and was very innocent about sex. She knew that she liked it. Oh, how she liked it! But she didn't know much about it.

I'll never forget the day I taught her to masturbate. . .

It was a Saturday afternoon. In the summer. We had just finished lunch and had checked into a small motel. 

All during lunch I could tell that Donna's mind wasn't on eating. She kept squirming around next to me in the booth in the diner just down the road from the motel. Finally, she put her hand in my lap and started groping around for my cock. She rubbed and then squirmed, rubbed and then squirmed some more.

"Donna, what's up with you? I asked.

She could barely answer. When she was horny and turned on she didn't seem to be able to concentrate on anything else. And she was a panter. At the slightest provocation she would start panting like a racehorse. Normally she didn't stop until she had cum several times.

"Ohhhhhh!" She panted. "Let's hurry! I can't wait to get you alone in the motel!"

With that she started squirming even more. Then, as she looked directly into my eyes, she took my hand and placed it on her thigh. Just below the hem of her miniskirt. As I sat there looking at her she started moving my hand up her thigh. Up under her skirt, higher and higher.

As she moved my hand she started panting faster and louder. Finally, as my hand reached the junction between her legs I felt her pubic hair. She wasn't wearing panties!

This was a major revelation. Donna was a housewife. Somewhat shy, fairly straight-laced and modest. She was relatively unsophisticated, a high school graduate, married to a man with quite a lot of money and very little interest in his wife. They had been married when she was just out of high school and that was about where her experience with sex started and ended.

For Donna, who was normally prim and proper until we were alone, to go out in public with no panties was a breakthrough of tremendous proportions.

She parted her legs slightly and then placed my hand directly on her slit. Another big surprise, she was not only wet, she was literally dripping. Her clitoris was swollen and protruding from between her lips and she felt hot as a furnace.

She moaned softly and thrust her pelvis against my hand.

Just then the waitress arrived with our orders. I retrieved my hand, much to Donna's dismay and we began to eat lunch.

We ate quickly. I could tell that Donna was in no mood to wait any longer!

As we drove down the road to the motel, Donna once again grabbed my hand and placed it between her legs. She took my hand and made a fist out of it. Then she uncurled my middle finger and thrust it right into her slick vagina. She was humping my hand so hard I could barely control the car.

Suddenly her body stiffened. She let out a loud moan, humped my finger even harder and then gasped "Ohhhhhh! I'm cumming, I'm cumming!" 

For about 30 seconds she continued to writhe around and then it was over. As she regained her senses she looked up at me and said "Thanks. You don't know how much I needed that. I haven't cum since the last time I saw you a week ago. I just couldn't wait any longer."

She had not cum in a week! I was astounded. This was the horniest lady I had ever met. She was multi-orgasmic. She was always wet and ready. How could she go a week without an orgasm?

On impulse I asked "Do you think of me when we're not together?"

"Oh yes! All the time! It makes me so horny and wet when I think of the things we do together. I can hardly stand it!"

"Well what do you do about it?" I asked.

"What do you mean?" She responded.

"When you get horny, how do you relieve yourself?"

"I don't. I take cold showers or I try to think of something else. I don't know what else to do"

"Well." I suggested "You could masturbate."

"Masturbate? What do you mean? You mean . . . do it to myself?" She gasped. "Oh no! I couldn't do that."

"Why not?"

"Well . . . because . . . because . . .well, I don't know. Isn't it bad for you?"

"Not at all." I responded. "Masturbation is a normal thing. You've probably been told differently by people who don't have the imagination and the guts to live life to the fullest. Look, there are lots of times when a person gets horny without anybody else around. When that happens you either masturbate or go crazy trying to figure out how to relieve the pressure."

By this time we were at the motel and just entering the room. Donna flopped down in one of the arm chairs and crossed her legs. Her skirt rode up and I could nearly see the tops of her thighs and the treasure hidden within.

"Okay, for the sake of argument let's say that I agree with you. So what? I don't know how to do it."

"Have you ever thought about how you might do it?" I asked.

"I've thought about it a little." She said. "I imagine that it might be similar to when you rub my pussy before we make love. Once in a while I've thought about it when I was making dinner." She gave a shy smile. "Usually when were having carrots or cucumbers. But I just can't quite imagine shoving garden vegetables up my pussy!"

"You're on the right track." I said. "How about trying an experiment?"

"You mean now?"

"Sure. I'll teach you to masturbate and then, when I'm not around, you'll have a way to make yourself cum. First, let's do it with your clothes on. If you get horny when you are out somewhere, you'll need to know how to do it this way. Now, unbutton the first 4 buttons on your blouse."

She began to unbutton her semi-sheer silk blouse. Underneath I could see the lacy bra she was wearing. Her large dark brown areolae where just visible under the bra.

"Okay, put your left hand inside your blouse and gently cup your right breast. Then rub the whole breast slowly."

She let out a small sigh as she complied with my orders. 

"Now slip the bra cup down off of your breast. Take your thumb and forefinger and feel the nipple. See how hard it gets?"

"Ohhhh . . ." She breathed. She was panting again. "My nipple is so sensitive. When I do this I can feel a tingle all the way down to my pussy!"

Once again Donna began to wiggle around in her chair. Her breathing became faster. I could see her nipple growing larger and harder as she manipulated it.

"That's right." I said. "Talk about how you are feeling while you are doing this. It will help me to coach you through this."

"I'm beginning to feel very horny." She panted as she continued to play with her nipple. "This feels so good! I want you to see it. Look! Look at my nipple. It's so hard. Please take it in your mouth and suck it like you always do."

"Not right now." I said. "Maybe later. Right now we're going to concentrate on teaching you to masturbate. I want you to be able to cum whenever you feel the urge."

"Oh lover!" Donna breathed. "I always want to cum. And I want to cum again now."

Donna continued to writhe around in her chair and her mini-skirt rode higher and higher on her gorgeous thighs. As she continued to roll her nipple between her thumb and forefinger she uncrossed her legs and began rubbing them together, trying to get some relief for her pussy. 

Her skirt had now reached the tops of her thighs and I could clearly see her pubic hair and the top of her slit. Suddenly, Donna spread her legs wide and I could see her clit peeking out from between her pussy lips. In the light of the hotel room I could see the reflection of light off the moisture that had gathered between her thighs.

One again Donna closed her legs and began to rub her thighs together. She let out a loan moan.

"Oh please. I want to cum so bad! What do I do now?

"First, spread your legs apart. Then reach down with your hand and feel the roughness of your pussy hair. Now, take your middle finger and slid it down into your pussy slit. Keep going down until you come to your vagina. Stick your finger in."

Now Donna really began to pant. She gave another moan as her finger slid down her pussy slit, passing over her clitoris, and continued down to her vagina. Then, with an audible "Ohhh!" she inserted her finger into her vagina.

"Now, move your finger in and out and get it well lubricated." I instructed. "Get it as wet as you can."

Donna eagerly complied. She pulled her finger part way out, then shoved it back in. Her hips began moving and she started to hump her finger.

"No, no." I said. "Don't start finger fucking yourself. That does not happen until lesson two. Right now I just want you to get your finger wet. Now take your finger out of your pussy and start rubbing your clit with it. Just like I do it."

Reluctantly, Donna removed her finger from her pussy and began massaging her clit which, by this time, was protruding noticeably from between her pussy lips.

"Oh God, that feels good!" Donna panted, her hips moving up and down. "That feels so good. Please don't make me stop. I'm going to cum. Oh yes, here it cums. Now! I'm cuming!"

Donna always made a lot of noise when she came. This time was no exception! As she came she rubbed her clit frantically, her shapely ass moving in time with her fingers. Soon it was all over. The pace slowed and Donna removed her fingers from her pussy. They were dripping with pussy juice and gleamed in the light.

"Oh, lover!" She said in a low husky voice. "That was terrific. I can't believe that I just made myself cum."

"You did a great job." I said. "Now you can have a reward. Do you see how wet and sticky your fingers are? Put them in your mouth and lick them clean."

Donna did as she was told. She began slurping greedily on her fingers.

"Ummmm . . . that tastes good! You never told me I tasted like this."

"As I recall, I've never had a chance. When I get done licking your pussy you are always so eager to put my cock inside you that we never have had a chance to talk about it."

"What a great idea!" She exclaimed. "Let's put your cock in me right now. I want to cum again."

"Not quite yet." I replied. "We've got more work to do. Now you know that you can make yourself cum when you are fully dressed. I would be careful about trying that when you are driving a car, but just about anyplace else be just fine.

"Imagine that you are in Marshall Field's trying on dresses and you begin to get horny. You can just go in the dressing room and rub yourself until you cum. Or maybe you are out to lunch with one of your girlfriends. All you have to do is excuse yourself, go into the bathroom and make yourself cum in one of the stalls. The key is to dress appropriately so that you can masturbate where ever you happen to be. Dresses and skirts are good choices. So are loose fitting blouses and bras that fasten in the front. One other thing-panties and panty hose just get in the way. If you must wear stockings wear hose and keep them up with garters-its very sexy and won't interfere with your fun. And don't wear panties at all. Sure you can pull the crotch aside when you are masturbating but its more trouble than it's worth. Besides, if you are not wearing panties you'll feel sexier and your pussy will probably be wet all of the time."

"I'm feeling very sexy now." Donna said. "What do you plan to do about it?"

"Nothing, right now." I replied. "You've still got more to learn about the fine art of self-manipulation. Now, take off all of your clothes and I'll teach you how to masturbate when you are all alone at home and have plenty of time."

Donna rose from her chair and began taking off her clothes. She slowly unbuttoned her blouse the rest of the way and tugged it out of the waistband of her skirt. As she shrugged it off of her shoulders I could see her very large left breast bulging over the top of the downturned bra cup. The nipple was still distended and very hard. Her huge areola, nearly 6" in diameter, was slightly crinkled, its rich dark brown color a nice contrast to the paler hue of her breast.

She reached back and unhooked her bra. Then, she brought her hands up to her breasts and shrugged her shoulders slightly to let the bra straps fall down her arms. As her left hand met her left breast I could see Donna give a small shudder-as if she had received a slight jolt of electricity. Almost involuntarily she began to caress her breast and her fingers sought her rock hard nipple.

Donna began panting again as she rubbed her bare breast. With her right hand she drew the bra off her other breast and, pausing momentarily to remove the strap from her left arm, she dropped the bra on the floor. Her right hand then cupped her right breast and began to gently rub the nipple .

Her breathing became even faster as she stood in the middle of the room rubbing her large breasts. After a moment she let go of her right breast and her right hand began to travel down her body. Making lazy circles with her hand, Donna caressed her rib cage, then down to her flat muscular tummy. She paused at her navel, tracing circles around it and then her hand continued its descent.

As Donna's hand dipped below her waist she grasped the hem of her mini-skirt and began to pull it up. Slowly her short cropped bush came into view-it was quite a sight to behold. Donna then lowered her hand down to her pussy and began to rub it slowly. A moan came from her lips.

"Wait!" I exclaimed. "You are still partially dressed. We've got to have you naked and there are a couple of things that need to be done before you can do that."

Reluctantly, Donna stopped rubbing herself and looked at me expectantly.

"Take the rest of your clothes off." I said. "Then we'll continue."

Donna unbuttoned her skirt and unzipped it. The skirt fell to her feet. She stepped out of the skirt and her shoes came off at the same time. She stood in front of me totally nude. She was gasping now.

"Oh, I'm so turned on. I've never felt like this before. I feel like I could cum a hundred times. I want to cum a hundred times. What do we do now?"

"Come over to the bed and I'll show you."

I led her across the room. We went over to the bed which was beside the side wall of the bathroom. The entire wall on that side was covered with a large mirror. This would be ideal for helping Donna discover herself.

"Have you ever really looked at your body Donna?" I asked.

"No." She said.

"Here's what I want you to do. Sit down on the side of the bed with your feet on the floor and face the mirror."

Donna complied.

"Now take both hands and start caressing your breasts."

Once again Donna started massaging those massive mammaries. 

"Take the nipples and pull on them. Go on, you won't hurt yourself. Pull them out from your body as far as you can."

Donna began to pull on her nipples. She was panting like a freight train by this time. Soon she developed a motion that looked like she was trying to milk herself.

"Ohhhhh! This feels great. It's making my pussy feel like it's on fire. Ahhhh. My nipples, my nipples, ohhhhh! Oh lover, I need to feel a tongue on my nipples. Please suck them for me. Please!"

"You've got very large breasts. I'll be you can suck them yourself. Why don't you try?"

With that Donna cupped her right breast and brought it up to her mouth. Her tongue snaked out from between her lips and began to lick the nipple. Then Donna lifted the breast a bit more and took the nipple between her lips. As she began to suck on her nipple, Donna began moaning. Her sucking became more frenzied and it looked as if she was trying to tear her other nipple off as she pulled and pinched it. She then began clenching and unclenching her legs.

"Do you see what you are doing, Donna?" I asked. "Look in the mirror. Watch yourself as you suck on your nipple. Does that feel good? Does it turn you on?"

"Yesss. Oh yes! I turns me on so much. It feels so good I can't stand it"

"It's time to move on now. We're going to give some time to your pussy."

"Oh, that's great. Can I come now?"

'Not yet, but soon. Now, spread your legs as wide as you can and let's take a good look at your pussy."

Donna spread her legs until her glorious pussy was in full view.

"Describe what you see."

"I see my pussy and it looks beautiful." She said. "I can see the long slit in the center and my pussy lips on the side. I never realized how fat and puffy they are.

"Right in the middle I see my clitoris sticking out. I can also see how wet I am."

"Take your fingers and pull your pussy lips apart and we'll be able to see even more." I instructed.

"OK. Now I can see all of my clit. And below that I see my hole. I call it my "cock hole" because that's where I love to stick your beautiful cock. In fact if you just come over here for a minute I'll stick it in right now. Please? I love to cum on your cock."

"Not yet. We're not done with your lesson yet. Now, I want you to hold your pussy lips apart with one hand and insert one finger of the other hand into your vagina."

Donna did as she was told. Slowly the middle finger of her right hand was inserted into her "cock hole". 

"Oh my God!" Said Donna. "Look at that. My finger is disappearing into my cock hole. And it feels so good. And look how wet I am." 

She pulled her finger out and raised her hand so that I could see it. Her finger was coated with her pussy juice-thick, slick and sticky. With her other hand she started massaging her pussy again.

"Ahhh. Yessss. Ummm. Oh that feels so good! I just want to rub my pussy until my clit falls off!"

"OK. Now let's see you put 2 fingers in your pussy." I commanded. "I want you to pay close attention and watch them sliding in and out as you finger fuck yourself."

Now her forefinger and middle finger were both inserted and Donna began a slow rhythm as her fingers slid in and out, in and out.

"Oh baby." She moaned. "I love this. Oh look at that. Look at my fingers. They're so wet. Look at them go in and out of my cock hole. I can't believe I'm doing this-why did I wait so long to start? Look at me. I'm finger fucking my cock hole and it feels great!"

Donna continued her play by play commentary as she continued to finger fuck her dripping pussy.

"Now stop." I said. "We're going to go on to another exercise."

"I don't want to stop!" She pouted. "I'm getting ready to cum again. I've only cum twice you know."

"I know, but I want to teach you correctly and you've got more to learn. Now I'm going to teach you to jack off your clit."

"What's that? She asked.

"It's something like when a man masturbates." I said. "Only you do it with your clit."
