 Rekha's next week went fulfilling her social commitments. Her days just flew by doing the social work. It was the lonely nights which irritated her much. It was too much of a risk to call Amit home since servants were around during the evenings.

She was about to drift into sleep, one night, when she received a call from Amit. He teased her for some time before he came to the matter at hand. The website had generated a few responses. He intimated her that he had already rejected two people as he found them to be shady characters.

Amit: "Can you spend the night away from your home?"

Rekha was caught off guard. She never anticipated a situation of such kind, so soon. 

Rekha: "I would prefer an early morning to late night assignment. I would avoid night outs for now but I am open to the idea."

It was time for Amit to be shocked. She spoke like a profession whore. 

Amit: "I am forwarding you an email. It is an inquiry. We will discuss the details after you have gone through it."

Rekha: "You are the pimp. Don't you have to filter it first?"

Amit: "I already have filtered it. He has requested something which you have to okay first."

Rekha was buzzing like a bee hearing the words. She read the email. The timing suited her perfectly. The request too was nothing out of the way. She wondered why Amit sent her the email. 

Rekha: "Amit, it seems you are not as good as you claimed to be. What is there to think upon in the email? The client suits me perfectly."

Amit: "I knew that the customer suits you perfectly. I just wanted to hear it from your mouth. If you were not serious, you would have had second thoughts."

Rekha was once again floored by Amit's concern and care. She quite desperately wished that he was her in person to discuss the details. 

Amit: "Do the arrangements suit you and the dates?"

Rekha (with a quivering voice): "Yes."

Amit: "Is your voice shaking due to nervousness or excitement? Do you really want to go ahead with this plan?"

Rekha could observe that her body was shaking more than her voice. 

Rekha: "Yes, I want to go ahead."

Rekha and Amit talked for a few more minutes discussing the details. Amit quite patiently told her about all the intricacies involved. Once he was confident that he had told her everything possible, he changed the topic to them. The more they discussed each other, the more the sparks flew. In short, they ended up doing a sex talk on phone. Both of them experienced the much needed orgasms. 

Rekha replied back to the anonymous client conveying that she was quite okay with meeting him to discuss the possibility of being with him for another 2-3 days. She forwarded a copy of the same to Amit as well. 

Amit knew that the client would call in other ladies too. He would finalise after meeting them in person. The only question that came to his mind was - if someone else was finalised, would she be able to handle the rejection?

Amit mellowed down his doubts and conveyed the same to Rekha. Rekha apparently had no issues with it since she was more than confident that she would be able to hook up the client. 

The day finally arrived. She got an email about the time and place she was to meet with the client. She was quite surprised to observe that she was neither feeling any anxiety nor was she having any doubts about the whole thing. On the contrary, she felt a buzz of excitement inside her mind and body. 

Amit picked her up and together they went to meet the client. Amit was totally stunned to see her in a transparent sarree. The client had desired that she looked like a high profile socialite. Rekha looked every bit of it. 

Amit could see that Rekha was in a totally different zone. She looked confident and relaxed. He decided not to pass on his anxieties on to her. It took them good 30 minutes to reach the place. It was on the outskirts of the city. The place was like a resort in itself. 

Both Amit and Rekha took a few minutes to admire the maintenance of this place. The place made quite an impression. The greenery of grass and tree was perfectly balanced with a fountain in one corner. The flowers added a vibration which would stop any person to stop and cherish the view. Both of them would have loved to savor some more moments here but they were here for some other work. 

Once inside, they were shown into the waiting area. A few more girls were already sitting there. It was a relief that there were no known faces. Rekha knew they were here for the very reason that she was here for. The sheer idea brought a smile on her face. The smile made the other girls tense. Rekha was looking gorgeous already and the smile added more to her beauty. The other girls tried their best to do away with their jealous, anxious looks but could not hide it. Amit, after seeing the competition, was now confident that Rekha was going to nail it. 

Rekha realized that she would be the last one to go inside. All the girls went in one by one. She observed that only two girls were asked to sit. The man had taste because the girls who sat back were good. 

She could get a sense of the man inside seeing the girls. Her confidence was sky high since she knew that she was better than them (the girls sitting) any given day. She was definitely much better in the looks department. The only question was - why did he require the girls to look like high class socialites? The only problem would be if he asked her to do something that she would not like to do. It made her go once more into contemplation mode. Were her limits really worth considering?

Her trance was broken by Amit. He informed her that she was being called inside. 

It was the stepping stone for Rekha (Amit as well). Her heart was beating so fast that she wondered if people around could feel it as well. The heart beat faster due to excitement, not nervousness. She was totally comfortable with the idea now. There was no paradox anymore. She desired to become a whore and here she was. 

She had imagined this particular scene, of meeting her first client, a thousand times in her head. Here it was, for real. The client did not disappoint her one bit. The look on the client's face quite clearly conveyed to her that she would not be a virgin whore any more. The first love is always special. Rekha came to know that the client's name was Vinod. 

The atmosphere was getting more and more charged with every passing moment. The client was quite cool. It was Rekha who was getting charged. 

Vinod: "Make yourself comfortable Rekha. You are hired. I need to convey the same to other girls, give me a moment."

She sent a text to Amit conveying him the same. Vinod was back in a jiffy. 

Rekha: "Do you mind if I ask you a few things Mr. Vinod."

Vinod: "Address me as Vinod. No need to be so formal. We both are professionals here. Let's clarify each other's doubts."

Rekha was conscious of his looks for the first time, especially his eyes. She loved the way his eyes lingered on her curves. He did not hide the fact which made it even hornier for her. 

Rekha: "You did not ask me about anything and yet you finalised me. Why?"

Vinod: "I wonder how a sexy girl like you is into this trade. I think you should suit my needs perfectly."

Rekha: "What are your needs?"

Vinod: "Company of a sexy lady is all I need."

Rekha could quite clearly get that he was flirting mildly with her. She also knew that there was more to what he had just told. 

Rekha: "You require my services from 11 in the morning to 11 in the night. Is it just company you seek or something else as well?"

Vinod loved her frankness.

Vinod (laughing): "I need diversions. I am having a few very important clients coming to stay with me. We will be discussing business all the time. I need you around so they don't go stale in their minds."

Rekha tried to understand why her services were required.

Vinod: "Seeing you in appropriate clothes and without them, any man would forget what he was doing. That is what I want you here for. I would require you to come here for the next 3 days."

Rekha: "Is there any physical action involved? You must have gone through my website. I don't do everything."

Vinod: "I required a high class socialite looking girl for a reason. I have many girls who can satisfy their physical needs but I don't have one who can divert them cleverly."

Rekha felt nice hearing the praises. Her cheeks acknowledged the same as blood rushed up her cheeks. 

Rekha: "In short, you want me to tease them, seduce them. Am I right?"

Vinod: "A seductress should know which moment is for what. There might be a moment when holding hands is required, there might be a time when a look is enough and there might be a time when some skin is to be exposed. One needs to assess that. It won't be hard as I will be around to guide you. Keep your mobile handy please."

Rekha felt she was cut out for this job.

Rekha: "Why did you require a whore for this job? A simple girl with a naughty mind could have sufficed."

Vinod: "Let's say that girls of such kinds don't exist. Once they tease, they want to get pleased. I hope you are getting what I mean."

Rekha: "You mean to say that you want to keep your customers on the edge. It is more like keeping them high and dry."

Vinod just nodded for an answer. 

Vinod: "I observe that you want to know what is it that you are required to do. You never asked about your payment. Why? In this trade, the ladies or their pimps want to always negotiate their payments first."

Rekha's leg went weak. She felt quite embarrassed to imagine what Vinod might think of her if he got the hint of her sex smells.

Rekha: "I believe my secretary has already discussed the basics with you. Besides, I am sure you are a gentleman. If I deliver what I am supposed to, I am sure I will get what I deserve."

Vinod was quite stunned listening to her answer. One thing was clear to him - she was not into this for money. The whole idea excited him much.

Vinod: "My driver will drop you off to your home later. By the way, have you brought the extra dresses that I had requested?"

She went out to fetch her small suitcase trolley. Amit wanted to know much more but he knew he would have to wait until Rekha got free. He wished her luck and made his way back. 

Vinod and Rekha settled next to the pool to take the discussion further. 

Vinod: "Rekha, please remove your sarree for now. You look so sexy that I am not able to control my surging hormones anymore. Don't worry, I will get you sarree ironed and ready before the guests arrive."

Rekha went red, deep shade of red, on being told to remove her sarree. She felt strange to undo her sarree but a part of her was more than excited to go ahead too. The paradox was enveloping her judgment. 

The lusty look in Vinod's eye definitely helped her decide. She undid her sarree carefully and kept it aside. Rekha was clearly sweating. It was up to Vinod to assess whether she was nervous or excited. He could not take the risk of getting her nervous as he was saving her for his customers. He decided to cool it off. He took her inside the room, next to swimming pool, to continue the discussions. They settled onto the sofa, next to each other, and continued. She came to know about the services his company was offering. He came to know more about her curves. 

Vinod let his fingers deliberately go into an exploration mode as he told her more about the nature of his work. The idea of being with her first customer was making her go berserk from inside. His gentle touches were nothing less than a pleasurable torture to her. Vinod crossed his fingers as he put his palm on her boobs (through her blouse). He felt them for quite some time. It was getting harder for Rekha to control her primal urges. 

A few things became clear to her. Vinod was into real estate promotion business. His job was to develop small townships and sell them later when the prices soared. The profits would be shared between partners in direct proportion to their investment. The crash in world economy and the elevated prices of raw materials had left him reeling for cash. In short, he was desperate for money. He was using her as diversion to get cash from the prospective clients as he was planning to build a major township. All the travelling with her husband, besides coming from a business family herself (from her father's side), helped her understand the job quite easily. 

In the mean time, Vinod had undone the hooks of her blouse. He loosened the cord of her petticoat as well. Rekha absolutely loved it. The more his eyes worshiped her beauty, the more amorous she was feeling from within. He asked her to stand up. Her petticoat fell onto the ground. He asked her to remove her blouse as well. The way Vinod commanded her was exciting Rekha much. It was stripping in front of a stranger and in broad daylight. She knew he would be more than hard by now. Rekha's bra strap had slid onto her shoulders unknowingly. She walked back towards him and bent down to whisper something into his ears. Vinod got the perfect view of her cleavage besides the desperate look in her eyes. He put a hand onto her cleavage. Rekha could do nothing but moan and close her eyes. Vinod peeled off one cup of her bra. He had the most beautiful lady in front of him. He was not able to control himself anymore. He put his lips on her bare boobs and let his tongue do whatever his mind wanted. One by one he played with the cupped and bare boobs. Rekha slid into her imaginary world. Vinod quite strongly pushed her down on floor, between his legs. She knew what was coming next. Vinod undid his zipper and let his penis loose. He was about to experience the ultimate titillation of his life. He had yet to meet a whore who would enjoy giving a blowjob like Rekha did. Rekha used every single part of her body to stimulate his cock. He put one of his legs on the table. Rekha instinctively knew what he wanted. 

Vinod: "Don't use your hands now."

Rekha settled under his legs and started to tease his balls. His balls were quite huge. She loved the musky smell and taste of his balls. She licked, sucked his balls and inner thighs for a bit. She slowly shifted her position and went onto lick his throbbing dick. 

Vinod: "If there is anything you don't like, tell me now. I am so very excited that I want to ejaculate now."

Rekha: "You must have read the things I don't like on my website. I am quite okay with the rest of things. Is there anything specific you want me to do?"

Vinod moaned hearing her sultry words. His precum was smeared all over her cheeks, lips and tongue. Her face glistened as she spoke. 

Vinod: "I will do many things with you. Right now, I want you to make me cum."

Rekha: "Can I use my hands now?" 

The tone of her voice was damn teasing. She did not wait for his permission. She lovingly enveloped his dick in her palms and started to gently push the foreskin up and down. He was oozing precum with every single stroke. She used her other hand's fingers to smear it back on the head of his cock. The sensations were like never before. She continued it for a minute, and then cupped his ball in her palm. The warmth of her hands on his balls had an effect that Vinod did not know existed. She brought her face close to his penis. She stopped for a few seconds to smell his sex smells. She loved the pungent smell much. She took his knob into her mouth first and started to suck it like a lollipop. The sucking made him ooze a lot of precum into her mouth. She loved the taste of his precum. Vinod did not what was happening to him. His legs were shaking beyond his control. Rekha knew it well that he was going to shoot his load into her mouth. 

Rekha: "Do you want me to swallow or you want to cum somewhere specific on my body?"

Vinod took his dick from her mouth and placed it between her boobs. He started to frantically push his dick between her breasts. Rekha pushed her boobs, against his penis, to give his penis the much needed friction. She lowered her head and let her tongue out so she could lick his knob when it came close to her mouth. Vinod started to moan as he felt the softness of her boobs gripping his penis. The idea made him go violent with lust. Vinod gave out a loud groan and shot his load all over her cleavage. Rekha relaxed her grip as he convulsed. He shot 8-10 strong streams of hot wad. The amount of cum was so much that it started to drip down to her boobs. She started to fondle his penis. She took his penis into her mouth and cleaned it up. The sensations were beyond his imaginations. Vinod then put his hands on to her boobs and started to massage her boobs with his cum. The sight was something he had always fantasized but had never become a reality for him. 

Vinod asked her to come up and lie down on the glass table. The touch of cold glass against her warm skin made her quiver. Vinod asked her to masturbate. He sat down on the sofa to watch. Rekha was already feeling quite frisky and the idea of being watched like this added more fire to her imaginations. She knew Vinod must be much desperate by now to see her cunt. Her mind was always in a tease mode. She started to play with herself without removing her panties. She exposed a bit of her labia, nothing more. Vinod's eyes poked out in anticipation of seeing her cunt but it was not to be. 

Rekha made an internal note to bring extra sets of undergarments as well from the next day. 

The prospective customers arrived around lunch time. It was a surprise for Rekha to see a lady being one of the four customers. She was dressed quite sharply but nowhere near Rekha. Rekha felt as if her body was blushing, feeling all the stares on her curves. The male customers did cozy up with Rekha to get an idea who she represented. Within minutes it was clear to her that they were not just interested in knowing her professional details. She chuckled as a though came to her mind - "wish they knew my real profession." It only made her hornier. 

After a bit of relaxing, they all grouped for the evening tea and a basic discussion on the project. The very basics of area, rates and prospects were discussed. The basic details were then broken further into minute details. It was dark soon. The best part was that no one realized that it was dark already. Vinod was a proficient talker and he ensured that the interest in project was maintained. 

Rekha realized for the first time that she had done a wrong thing by agreeing to Vinod getting her dropped home. If he did so, he would come to know about her home and she could not afford such a risk. She sent him a text message and asked if he could pick her up. Unfortunately, he was busy with his own clients and was stuck at the moment. He sent her back a text conveying that he could make it after an hour. Since she had an hour to kill, she decided to make the most of it. With a wicked smile on her face, she made her way towards the dinner table. 

One of the guys was puffing on his cigar. Rekha could not help but pass a comment - "It has been a while since I had a cigar in my mouth." It left the whole group hurting. The look on Rekha's face clearly conveyed what she meant by the word cigar. Her eyes actually trailed every single crotch as she spoke the words. Before anyone could react, she added "My husband is on a trip. I miss his cigar much. Which brand do you smoke?"

The faces were red and dry. Neither was able to react and say a word. Vinod was grateful to Rekha for coming in to save him. One of the customers was questioning him regarding the risen prices of raw material. He knew that the discussion would be lost, for now at least. 

Amit came to pick Rekha up. She rushed out with her suitcase. She was quite bubbling to share the events that happened during the day. Unfortunately for her, he was busy with his calls through the trip. 
