 © 2015 by Salacious Scribe and Saxon Heart. All Rights Reserved. Posted with permission

Author's note:

This story was written by two randomly paired authors as part of a contest on an erotic story site. They took the premise of the contest and their real names first names, and came up with this story.

({*}) ({*}) ({*})

Marie Ormond was glad to be leaving for college. She was tired of all the gossip, and not having any friends. It was a small town populated by smaller minds.

Marie loved to write fiction, especially erotic fiction. She had hundreds of erotic stories on her tablet, which had been stolen five months ago. Whoever stole it had edited some of the racier stories so they appeared to be diary entries. One day she was a popular cheerleader, who all the boys wanted to date and all the girls envied. Then the faux diaries got posted all over social media sites. Now she was an outcast. No parent would let their daughter be friends with her, never mind dating; although that didn't stop some of the boys from trying to get in her pants, it encouraged them to sexually harass her. The only support she got was from her brothers; Jimmy a Marine Lance Corporal on his second tour of duty in Afghanistan, and Wayne who was leaving for Marine Corps Recruit Depot Parris Island in a few days.

Marie finished packing and got into her car, to start the long drive to school. She was glad now that she had chosen a college on the other side of the country, and that she planned to drive there over the summer. Life at home was barely tolerable since her stories had been released. She might as well have been Hester Prynne the way the rest of the town treated her.

The summer flew by and Marie finally arrived at school. She did all the usual stuff to get settled in. When she walked into freshman orientation, she started to hear pointed whispers and laughter and felt people staring at her. She dismissed these feelings as paranoia from the way she had been treated at home. She sat down by herself and took out her phone to text her parents that she was safe and sound at school.

Without any warning, someone was grabbing her tits from behind. Marie jumped up and spun around to face her attacker. Her heart jumped up into her throat. It was Frank Kruchten, the guy she suspected of being the life-ruining thief. She fought back the tears knowing her time at college would be just as bad as it was back home. She knew Frank was a football star and this was a big football school. Marie fought back tears as she ran out of the meeting hall.

Marie ran into the bathroom and saw her roommate fixing her hair. "Marie, what's the matter," Dawn asked. Between sobs, Marie told Dawn the whole story and how her love of erotic fiction destroyed her life at home and now would destroy her college years. Dawn hugged the sobbing girl and rubbed her head letting her cry it out. "I know what assholes boys can be," Dawn told her new friend as Marie's sobs died out. "I slept with one guy after prom, and within a week the story had changed to me being gangbanged by the entire Basketball team."

"Fucking assholes," they said in unison.

"Jinx, you owe me a beer," Dawn said as both girls dissolved into laughter.

They walked hand in hand back into the meeting hall just as Orientation began.

8========D<

Donny Osborne sat up like a shot. "Oh fuck, I'm late!" He jumped up and grabbed the first items of clothing that didn't smell like weed or booze and threw them on. He ran from the apartment cursing both his luck and his roommate. "That bastard should have woke me up," he growled under his breath as he ran for the orientation. "First fucking day and I'm late."

As he ran, Donny started to regret the fact that all he had done since junior high was write, skate, party and work on his car. Yeah, his Firebird would outrun almost any car he came against, but he had to stop running after only a block to catch his breath.

He made it into the meeting hall just in time to see some asshole jock playing grab ass, well more like grab tit with one of the hottest girls he had ever seen. She jumped up and fled the hall. As she ran past Donny heard someone say that she was Marie Ormond.

Marie Ormond, Donny thought. Super-slut in the flesh. He'd heard stories already about how many guys Marie had been with. "Dude her diary is all over the net. Go check it out," his roommate Craig Zander had told him.

So that evening after seeing Marie in the flesh Donny logged on and found all of her diary entries. She's done shit I have only dreamed of, he thought as he perused her most intimate thoughts. Donny had never actually been with a girl. He told a few guys he had been with several women, just to keep from being razzed about being a virgin.

He had read many stories online and had written a few of his own, using the experience gained through others' tales. His characters were all pump and dump type guys; even though he despised guys who did that in real life. But it seemed to be cool to do that, so his characters did.

"I don't know whether to be turned on or repulsed," he said.

"What do you mean," asked Craig.

"Shit dude. This chick has done shit porn stars haven't done and makes it sound so hot, but I fear that any guy who braves her chasm would catch something incurable."

Donny went to sleep that night thinking of Marie's diary.

8========D<

Marie woke up to sunlight streaming onto her face and looked at her clock. She stretched and yawned. After getting ready for the day, she went to her first class, creative writing. After telling the students about his policies and expectations for the course, he cleared his throat, "Now the final project is a big one so I always assign it on the first day of class. I will randomly assign each of you a partner and you are to collaborate on writing a piece of erotic fiction. I will grade this project on how well the story is integrated and how well you learned the material taught in this course. Now for the pairings..."

As the professor read off the names people looked around to find their partner. Marie noticed all the teams were boy-girl and that many of them were part of different cliques, the goth chick was teamed with a preppy, the pothead was with a young republican, and there was the jock being teamed with a band geek. What a bunch of odd couplings Marie thought to herself.

"...and finally Marie Ormond and Donny Osborne." the professor said.

What did I do to deserve this? Donny thought to himself. Twenty-five girls in the class and he had to get paired with her. She'll know right away I am not nearly as experienced as she is, he thought.

He looked around the room. For a moment he couldn't find her. Maybe she isn't here, he thought. It would be nice to avoid her for a day or two so I can figure out how to approach this.

Marie groaned inwardly. She had heard about Donny her first night on campus. One of the girls in Marie's dorm told the new girls about the renowned Lothario, Donny Osborne. True to his rep he was sitting at his desk not even trying to meet up with her. Marie let out a frustrated sigh, got up walked over to the prick and simply said: "Student Union tomorrow, 9 am, and be prepared to work." She spun on her heel and left the classroom.

"Bitch," Donny said under his breath. He thought no one had heard him until the girl behind him stifled a giggle.

8========D<

He was sitting in the student union drinking a coffee waiting for Marie to show up so they could discuss the outline. His mind went back to the night before. He had complained to Craig that he'd been stuck writing an erotic story with Marie.

"Well at least she'll bring a wealth of experience to the deal," Craig had quipped. "Just watch out that she doesn't get all hot and bothered and jumps you before you can put on a couple of jimmy hats."

"Jimmy hats? Nobody calls them Jimmy hats dude."

"I do. Oh and if you need inspiration, looks at these," Craig said producing several pictures of naked girls on his phone. "These are the cheerleader's dude. You can use them to help you get descriptive."

"More likely I'll get my ass beat for having nude pics of some jock's girl. How'd you get them anyway?"

"They're going around. The guy who sent them to me works at the cell phone store. He pulled them off one of their phones when they got a new one. Relax, no one knows they exist."

He thought of Craig's pictures each time a cute coed passed by his table. He looked at his watch and thought, The tramp isn't showing up. He was about to get up and leave when he spotted her coming towards him. Gorgeous girl, he thought as he stood to introduce himself. Too bad she has to be a slut.

Donny stood and extended his hand. "Hi, I'm..."

"Donny Osborne, yes I know," she said reaching for his offered hand. "Shall we get to it?"

"Well, Professor Knob-gobbler said we have to give him a minimum of ten thousand words. All publishers' grade and all realistic n shit. I think he's nuts."

"Professor what?" she asked.

"Professor Knoffler; rhymes with Knob-gobbler. You know a dick sucker. I think he's a real asshole for doing things this way." "What, making us write together? Making us write ten thousand words?"

"D. All the above. I think he just wants free fap material. Look, Marie, I may as well be honest with you. I am going to have to lean heavily on your experience here. I don't have much of my own."

"My writing experience? Didn't you take writing in high school?"

"No, not writing experience. S..." he mumbled.

"I didn't catch what you said Donny.

"Sex experience OK? I don't have much and he expects reality. I...I.."

Marie flushed bright red all over. Her fight or flight response was all over the map; she wanted to run and hide, slap the asshole and cry all at the same time. She became a complete spazz and in trying to slap Donny she knocked his stuff to the floor. Marie took a deep breath and regained her composure.

"Look asshole, I will only tell you once. The rumors about me are not true. Those supposed diary entries of mine were stories I had written. Someone stole my tablet where I had saved them and edited the juicy bits to look like diary entries. As for my love life that is none of your fuckin' business. Now can we do this and be mature, or do I need to castrate you so you can focus?"

As Marie finished speaking her anger was used up. She reached down to pick up Donny's stuff. As she picked up his phone, she saw a naked picture of a girl she recognized from the pep squad. Her anger returned with a vengeance. "No experience huh?" she flared as she scrolled through picture after picture of naked girls.

"I heard about Ditch 'em Donny but was going to focus on the project, not the person. Maybe you should just write about your love 'em and leave 'em escapades. Probably be enough for a novel."

Marie saw that Donny looked small and shrunken under her verbal barrage. She couldn't help but notice how cute he looked, almost like he was embarrassed. Marie threw Donny's phone at him and stood up to walk away. Donny reached out and took hold of her arm.

"Marie, wait, I think we got off on the wrong foot here." Marie stopped in her tracks. "You got to explain how your reputation is undeserved, now it's my turn."

Marie sank sullenly back into her chair. "Well?"

"Do you know Kristy Demming?"

Marie nodded. Kristy was one of the richest and most beautiful girls at school. As a freshman, she was also one of the most well-known. Her father was a CEO of a biochem company.

"Well, Kristy and I dated briefly at the beginning of school." Marie looked at him incredulously. "Seriously. She asked me out and everything. Well, the night before we were supposed to go out I snuck over to the Delta Pi Delta sorority. I figured I'd quiz a few of the girls as to how to impress Kristy. Well, I ran into a girl from my high school. She told me that I was part of a hazing ritual for Kristy."

Marie had heard some of the horror stories about pledging sororities and had vowed to stay clear of them.

"Anyway; to get into the sorority she had to date a guy chosen by one of the seniors. She had to get take him on a series of dates, getting him more worked up with each one. Her goal was to send me home with blue balls for a week. Then at the big rush party, I was supposed to catch her fucking some football player. So after the first date, I told her I wanted to sow my wild oats and not just date one girl. She got all kinds of pissed off and stormed out. The next day I was trash to the few girls who had been talking to me."

"Well if my reputation is based on lies, I guess yours can be too." Marie conceded. "Now that we know each other's story, I guess we can start to work on characters and plot."

"Well well well. If it isn't the school skank and her new boy toy." Marie groaned as she heard Frank's voice. "She is a nasty little slut. If you plan on hitting that diseased pussy of hers you better double bag it, otherwise God knows what incurable crotch rot you'll catch." Frank winks at Marie, "I will admit, she is a great lay, almost worth the risk" Frank says laughing at her.

"Frank the only time you even got close to being with me was when we were 5 and you gave me a dollar to play doctor with you," Marie said unsuccessfully fighting back her tears. She finally broke down and began to sob out loud.

Donny stood up seeing how upset Marie was. "Dude, I think you owe Marie an apology."

Frank looked at him in disbelief. "Damn! This slut got you wrapped around her finger, doesn't she? Piece of advice friend, Marie here is a complete skank. It's easier to get in her pants then it is to get..." Frank's sentence went unfinished as Donny's fist connected with Frank's jaw.

As Frank fell, Donny heard someone yell "security". Not wanting to add disciplinary problems to their reps, Donny grabbed his stuff, took Marie's hand and ran out of the student union. Donny led Marie down a path and across the quad. Marie just followed; crying uncontrollably.

Donny finally found a secluded bench and had her sit down. He sat next to her as she cried holding her hand. Marie put her head on his shoulder and Donny wrapped a protective arm around her. They just sat there holding each other while Marie's tears flowed.

Eventually, Marie was able to regain her composure. "D-D-Don-Donny" Marie stuttered "I want to thank you for staying with me while..." Marie trailed off unsure of what to say.

Donny feeling somewhat uncomfortable with the situation replied: "Who in the fuck was that crass piece of shit?"

Marie took a deep breath and swallowed her sobs determined not to let Frank make her cry again. "His name is Frank Kruchten. We went to school together and lived in a town of like fifteen people. He was the star of the football team. He asked me out one time and I agreed. I had to knee him in the balls so he wouldn't rape me. With his dad being the police chief his uncle the county sheriff, guess who got away with date rape more than once. I also suspect that he's the one who stole my tablet and posted my stories."

"What a fucking scumbag," Donny said. "I am so sorry you had to deal with him."

Marie impulsively kissed Donny. As their lips met Marie couldn't explain why she kissed him.

Once the kiss ended, Marie and Donny stared into each other eyes. Marie waited for Donny to speak.

"That was worth it." He said.

Puzzled; Marie asked, "What was worth what?"

"That kiss was worth every beating I'll take from the football team for hitting their golden boy."

Marie stared at him for a moment and realized he wasn't kidding. She'd never had anyone stand up for her. "I'm glad you liked it."

Two stoners walked past their bench. As they did Donny leaned in and kissed Marie again. The stoners looked but said nothing. When they were past Donny broke the kiss.

"Aren't you worried about what people are going to say when they hear about you kissing me," she asked.

"Nope. I liked it." Donny sat there with a funny look on his face. Marie couldn't decipher the look.

"What's wrong Donny?"

"I'm having a problem that I don't know how to deal with. I don't have a lot of expertise and I can't figure out how to go about doing it."

"Doing what?"

"Well, there's this girl I think I like and I wanted to ask her out. I don't know how to without looking like an idiot."

Marie felt disappointment wash over her, but she was determined not to let Donny see. "Maybe he is the pump and dump type, after all, she thought. "I would suggest that you just ask her out. Maybe to a pizza place or something."

He paused for a moment like a switch had been thrown in his head. "Marie, would you like to go have pizza with me this evening?"

Marie felt like a deer caught in headlights. She was shocked when Donny asked her out. It was the first time in over 3 years that a boy had asked Marie out well at least out in public. There had been plenty of invites to the local lover's lane.

"Umm well, I guess... I mean, after all, you did knock Frank on his ass for me. So yes, yes we can eat pizza together tonight. It's a date."

Donny and Marie parted ways, after agreeing to meet at Marie's dorm at 7 pm.

8========D<

Donny was sitting at his desk when Craig walked into the room. "What up dude?"

Craig looked at him, "Are you fucking retarded?"

"What?" Donny asked. "Why the fuck are you asking me that?"

"Because on a total fucking retard would punch out the future quarterback for the biggest slut on six continents."

"Dude, she ain't a slut."

"The fuck she ain't."

"Do you know the difference between a whore and a slut?"

"No."

"It's simple. A whore will fuck everybody. A slut will fuck everybody but you. Have you fucked her?"

"No. Why the fuck would I?"

"I haven't fucked her either, so see? She cannot be a slut because she hasn't fucked everybody but you."

"Motherfucker, don't use semantics on me. If it walks like a slut, talks like a slut and smells like a slut...well enough said."

"Let me ask you this. Didn't you go to school with her?"

Craig scratched his head trying to figure out where Donny was going with his line of questioning. "Yeah, I went to school with her."

"How many guys do you know personally that fucked her?"

"I know one who claimed to, but he also had a girlfriend in New York that he never went to see or never came to see him."

"So he was a fucking proven liar," Donny paused. "Just nod your head, we all know guys like that. Do you know anyone here who has fucked her?"

"No. I..."

"Ex-fuckin-zactly!! You can't give one name of any guy who has fucked the biggest whore east, west, north and south of the Pecos and you went to school with her?"

Craig sat there as Donny recounted Marie's story about the stolen tablet. He told him of the entire encounter with Frank Kruchten. Finally, Craig said, "I believe Frank would do something like that. He always had a knack for being a complete cock."

"I think he has a Ph.D. in cock."

"So are you gonna start dating this chick? Of course, that is if she'll date a genetic misfortunate chud."

"What can I say? I attract the hotties." Craig only scoffed.

8========D<

Marie went back to her room and began to look at her clothes to figure out what to wear. "Something casual, but sexy."

She wanted Donny to like her, and she knew she liked him, but she didn't want everyone to think he was only with her because she was a slut.

Marie settled on a short green skirt, and white off the shoulder blouse, and a pair of fancy flip flops. She decided to wear her hair up exposing her long neck. To top the outfit off she added a heavy beaded necklace her grandmother left her that hung down between her breasts. She laid out her clothes and went to take a shower, wearing nothing but a towel.

After washing her body thoroughly, she went to wrap her
