 Keeping one eye on the road, she found the volume dial on the car radio and she quickly turned it up. She loved this song and couldn't help singing along. Her fingers were tapping out a syncopated rhythm on the steering wheel when the ring of her cell phone cut through. Her eyes darted to the display, the smile instantaneous as she turned the music down. Slowing for a red light, she managed to pick up the call, leaving the phone in its set. 

"Hiya handsome." Her hand lifted and she absently brushed her hair back off her face. 

"Hiya gorgeous. Heading home?" 

She giggled softly. Home. She was still getting used to the idea. 

"Yeah, I'm almost there. How about you? I picked up dinner. Going to be long?" 

"Nah." There was a lazy drawl to his voice, a hint of his prairie roots. "I finished all those meetings early. I should be there shortly after you." 

The wind from her open window made her hair swirl into her face as she accelerated with the green light. Keeping one hand on the wheel, the other vainly trying to tuck the front locks back behind her ears, she knocked her sunglasses off into her lap. "Oh crap!" 

"Well, if it's a problem, I could head downtown and find some rummies to hang out with." 

"Oh no!" The laugh spilled out of her. "Not you. I just yanked my sunglasses off by accident." 

"You should carry a hair clip with you if you insist on keeping that window down. You're going to get into an accident one of these days." 

"That, or I could cut it all off...." She let her voice taper, his cue to protest. They both knew she'd never cut her hair short. She loved feeling his hands in it far too much to do that. 

"I suppose," he chuckled, calling her bluff. 

She warmed at the sound. She loved how easy he was with his laugh. It was part of his laid-back energy, one of the many things that had always drawn her to him. She made a quick shoulder check before tucking her hair back for the hundredth time and easing into the lane that would eventually exit off to the beach. 

"The sun makes your hair shine, do you know that?" 

His comment seemed disjointed and she eloquently inquired with a "Huh?" 

"I said," he paused for effect and she heard traces of a chuckle building in his tone, "the sun makes your hair shine. It looks beautiful." 

"Looks?" Her brain was quickly piecing together the clues and she glanced around her, at the vehicles in the other lanes, but didn't recognize his Jeep. "Did you install a camera in my odometer or something?" 

He laughed at her joke. "No, but that's not a bad idea. Look in the mirror, baby." 

She glanced into the rear-view mirror. Of all the cheek! He was right behind her. "How long have you been there?" 

"Since about 30 seconds before I called." His chuckle was infectious and she giggled along with him. 

"Brat," she admonished. 

"That's me. I'm a bad bad boy." 

She knew he was being facetious, but there was something in his tone. It made her thighs squeeze together while she shifted in her seat. Her voice dropped a couple of keys as she volleyed back. "How bad?" 

She could hear his growl. Over the rush of the wind and the sound of the car's engine, she could hear it. Loud and clear. There was no pretense of shifting this time when her thighs tightened. It was an automatic response to the flash of heat she felt in her core. 

"Keep that up and you'll find out." 

She was turning into the lane. Her eyes glanced into the rear view mirror and caught his. Even in the reflection, his gaze burned through her. Piercing blue arrows. Already aching to murmur a mantra of yes, she managed to tease with a "Promise?" 

He rewarded her with a chuckle. She smiled broadly as the warmth of his amusement added to the glow she was already feeling build within her. Her free hand flew towards the gearshift, anxious to turn the car off and race to him even as she slowed to a stop in front of the house. She turned to watch as he pulled in along side, flashing her his trademark killer smile. She could see his hand reaching to disconnect his phone as he silently mouthed the word "Vixen..." to her. His lips curled up, almost a snarl. Her phone had already gone dead but she would have sworn she'd him growl again. 

Her fingers were trembling a little as she reached for the door handle. The sight of him walking towards her still made her a little giddy. He'd always had that effect on her, from the moment they'd first met. There was a quality to him, in the way he talked to her and looked at her that made her feel confident and sexy. Her full retro skirt swirled around her legs as she stepped out of the car. The sun was warm on her shoulders, her thin halter top demanded by the heat of the day. He was wearing gym shorts and clearly hadn't bothered with his t-shirt for the drive home. She could see his suit over the passenger seat. She felt herself flush as she realized she was hoping he was still a little sweaty from his work out. 

"So, I'm a brat, am I?" His arms were already circling around her waist. She happily melted against him. 

"Through and through," she giggled as her hands clasped behind his neck, draping herself off him. His hair was damp to the touch as she scratched her nails along the nape. She indulged herself in the scent of him. 

"Just for that," his hand playfully swatted her ass, making her jump back and release him, giving him enough time to grab the bags out of her car through the open window, "I'm not going to share any of the dinner with you." 

"Hey!" She turned to grab at him, but he was too quick and already on his way up to the front door. The house was on a remote part of the beach, far from the resorts and the tourists. They never bothered with silly things like locks out here. He was inside and the door half closed from his back kick before she managed to race up behind him. "I said 'Hey!' ", She shouted after him, laughing as she hip-checked the door back open and darted in behind him. "No fair. I picked it up. You're lucky I'm willing to share it with you." 

Her stance was defiant as she stood in the doorway between the sitting room and the kitchen. Her hands were planted on her hips and she was doing her utmost best to make her face into a scowl. His smile let her know he wasn't buying it. 

"Baby," he started as he set the food down on the counter, ignoring it as he walked towards her. "You don't feel like sharing?" The side of his index finger traced over her jaw. Her tough act was fading fast. 

"That's not what I meant," she murmured, his hands having moved over her shoulders and down her arms, covering hers at her hips. "I was just saying..." Her voice trailed off as he clasped her wrists and started to lift her arms up, stretching her out as he coaxed her into clasping the top of the doorjamb. 

"You were saying?" He teased as he held her hands high over her head, his lips brushing across her throat. 

She didn't even bother trying to reply. Her head had rolled back giving his lips better access and a soft moan rippled past her lips. She tottered, held fast by him, her legs momentarily betraying her as she tried to balance in her sandals, the heels threatening her success. 

"That's what I thought..." He pressed into her, letting her feel his heat pulsing off her chest. 

Try as she might, every time she went to answer it just came out as a moan. It didn't help that he'd shifted around to her side, pressing himself into her hip. Letting her know exactly what was on his mind. He was standing, straddling her left leg, her feet still planted in their earlier pose of mock indignation. His left hand was making a slowly widening circle over her tummy while his right was sifting up and down her spine. 

"What's that baby?" He was teasing her, nuzzling behind her ear. She tilted her head back, giving him more access around her arm, still stretched up as she gripped the top of the doorjamb. When he sucked her earlobe between his lips her thighs trembled. He felt it against his legs and he ground forward into her. She started to turn towards him, her body aching to rub against him but he'd predicted this and was ready for her. His right hand flew quickly up to her wrists, holding her hands in place. "Uh uh...you know the rules. Not until you've cum for me. Let go and I'll stop." 

She'd never tested him on this, never once inclined to call his bluff. She'd always wanted him too badly to risk it. Her fingers stayed where they were. Her body remained taut. His hand sifted down her arms and resumed its path along her spine. His other hand was busy tracing out the under swell of her breasts. The halter top strained as her breathing deepened, his finger tips setting off shivers through her. 

His mouth was sucking at her neck, right beneath her jaw. He loved her like this. He could feel her still trying to fight it a little, her instinct to try to get the upper hand. He felt her back arch when his fingers pinched her nipple through her top and smiled against her throat when he heard her purr. He knew it would only be a little longer now and that constant internal dialogue, the one that made her babble on to him at times in that endearing way of hers, would turn itself off. Soon she wouldn't be thinking of the laundry, or the grocery list, or that meeting tomorrow with the supplier. He loved witnessing that moment when he could sense that change, feel her letting go. 

He was tracing along the neckline of her halter, skimming over her cleavage. His hand on her back was up under her hair, tugging at the ties of her top. They gave easily and that neckline slid even lower. Both hands, one in front, the other in back, tugged the fabric down to her waist. She shivered at the breeze coming through the open windows. His fingers worked meticulously over the goose bumps breaking out lightly on her, as though the secret to the universe was written there in Braille. He stretched his fingers wide, his palm concentrated at her nipple, rubbing it so lightly, making her ache all the way into her core. He wrapped his other arm around her back, resting his hand on her opposite hip. Leveraging her against him as he rubbed himself along her side, his chest brushed the side of her breast. Holding her tight to him, he wrapped himself around her, twisting so his mouth could drop and latch onto her nipple. 

She marvelled at him always giving her what she wanted before she even knew she wanted it. Soft-edged memories floated around in her head of all the times he'd known just what to do or say to lift her spirits, make her feel special, make her feel lucky just for getting to know him, make her feel weak with lust. He fell into a steady rhythm sucking on her nipple. She glanced down, mesmerized by the look of searing eroticism on his face as he concentrated on the tiny nub he was rolling with his tongue. It reminded her of that time when they were in Florence and he'd drizzled half-melted gelato on her breasts, insisting it was the only way he would try any. 

The sound of a zipper brought the present back to the forefront. The skirt fell down her hips, but her legs were in too wide a stance for it to slip to the ground. His fingers squeezed her bare hip, signalling his directive, and she gripped the doorjamb above her more firmly, holding herself by it as she shifted her weight to her right foot. Her left leg swung in, and the skirt swished down to her ankles. He growled around her nipple, his hand on her back sifting down over her ass already. His foot nudged at her ankle, easing her leg back into her original stance, the skirt left pooling over her left foot. His mouth set free her nipple with a soft pop, and he stood back up along her side. His lips moved in a soft blur along her temple, fluttering against her skin as he whispered, "Someone wasn't wearing panties..." 

She barely had time to blush when he dipped his fingers into the crack of her ass, continuing downward until he could feel her cream already pooling for him. His front hand slithered down her tummy, and his fingers played through the soft hairs on her mound, sifting ever lower until he could feel the silky slick wetness of her folds. His hands met at her centre, rubbing through her, pulling away and coming back together. One set of fingers pausing to swirl around her clit. Teasing the puckered flesh of her ass with the others. 

"Are you going to cum for me?" He bit at her neck for emphasis and felt it happen. She'd turned that corner. She confirmed it for him with her strangled moan as he flicked at her hood. 

"Yes." She'd whispered it so softly, but he'd heard clearly. 

"Then do it," he growled as his hands became relentless. She felt her hips start to roll, and her knees bent, dropping her a little. Trying to grind downward. There was no need. His fingers were pressing into her flesh, seemingly everywhere. She moaned as he rolled her clit under his thumb, fingers easing up inside her, curling as they dragged back out. She gasped as his thumb teased her ass, pushing in, burning at first in that delicious way. She bit down on her lower lip to stop herself from reaching for him, trying to hang on. 

"Make me." Her eyes flashed, full of sparks as she growled right back at him. The clarity of the blue in them took his breath away a little; just like they had the first time he'd won a smile from her. 

They stood there, their bodies rubbing together, his fingers coaxing her to that crest, locked in the perfect eternity of a simple doorway. Her eyes bore into him. He could see everything there, laid open for him, just as her body was. He twisted the two fingers he'd burrowed up into her, and found that spongy patch on her front wall. She trembled, as much from the pressure of that sensitive spot as from the silent promise she saw in his eyes. She saw there how much he was fighting, willing himself to see through his intent. It made her light-headed to know how much he wanted her. He saw her eyes close briefly and he twisted his thumb in her ass. 

Her breath caught in her throat. It was her tell. He bit at her neck to counter the surge of adrenaline he felt, knowing how close she was. He forced his fingers to maintain their steady pace, working away inside her, stroking her. He was aching for it, to feel her body tense, hear that strangled moan slip out of her throat, watch her eyes as they flared, then softened. 

No matter how many times they shared this moment it never ceased to overwhelm him at how completely her entire being became consumed with her release. As the moan pushed itself out of her, he could feel her core bearing down on his fingers, squeezing around him, not to push him out, but to hold him in. He felt a gush as she cried out, and it spurred him to twist his fingers harder, sluicing into her until his palm mashed against her folds. Her eyes had closed when her body had started to tremble and she was panting in between the moans, searching for breath. 

The flash of heat seared through her body. Her legs had given out on her. Were it not for his hands, hammocking her, holding her up as she impaled herself on his fingers, she would have surely fallen. She slumped sideways into his chest, murmuring incoherently as he eased aftershock upon aftershock out of her. 

He slowed his fingers and slid his thumb out of her ass. He waited until she began to whimper softly before he withdrew completely, dragging his hand up through her slit, smiling when she jumped as he passed over her sensitized clit. He moved around behind her, his hands gliding over her waist, wrapping his arms around her tight while he pressed forward. She could feel his cock, throbbing inside his gym shorts, heavy as it ground into her ass. His chest was moulded to her back, his cheek resting against her hair inhaling the scent of her shampoo. 

They rocked together awhile. His hands sifting over her torso, up along her ribs, cupping her breasts. He fondled them, almost tenderly, before travelling upward, covering her fingers still holding on for dear life to the doorjamb. 

"That's a good girl," he growled into her ear, as he pulled her arms down to her sides. She took her cue and twisted against him, turning until her breasts were crushed into his chest. She paused just a moment, letting him see the look in her eyes, knowing words could never do justice to how she was feeling. How he had made her feel. When she saw the recognition in his own gaze, saw him smile that smile, knowing he'd heard what didn't need to be said, she leaned in. 

Their mouths met with a crash, each of them hungry, desperate to taste. Only breaking so he could yank her halter-top up from her waist and tug it over her head. Their moans intermingled as their fingers roamed freely, memorizing anew every nuance of the other. She lewdly ground forward, mashing her pelvis against his rigid cock. The gym shorts frustrated her and made her growl as she bit at his lower lip. His tongue forced her to release it as he pushed into her mouth. They parried back and forth, wet and impolite, taking what they wanted. 

She surprised him by gripping his shoulders and spinning him to the side, pushing him against the kitchen wall. He'd forgot himself in the kiss and hadn't been prepared. She used her advantage to break away, dropping to her knees before he could stop her. As much as he loved to give her pleasure, he still had some difficulty letting her return the favour unequivocally. It wasn't in his nature to stand back, to be passive. The look of naked lust on her face as she yanked down his gym shorts, eyeing his cock hungrily as it sprung free, dissolved his reservations. 

Grabbing his wrist, she brought his hand to her mouth, licking clean whatever traces of her remained, coating him in her saliva at the same time. She pressed his hand to his cock, and squeezed hers around it, making him stroke himself. She watched as his fist worked over the thick shaft. It was too tantalizing to resist and she had no intention of denying herself. Her mouth wrapped around the tip, drawing his head against her tongue. She felt him throb as her lips tucked under the ridge, her cheeks sucking in, pulsing. 

Her hand had replaced his on his shaft, leaving him to sift through her luxurious mahogany hair. He grabbed onto fistfuls and yet it always felt like there was more, like his fingers could get lost. He leaned his shoulders back into the wall, comfortably balanced as she dropped her head lower, taking more of him in. Her lips butted her fist as it gripped his base. Both hand and mouth dragged back up. She let herself drool around him, coating him as her mouth travelled over his cock. She moaned as her tongue dragged over a vein, feeling it throb once more. 

She loved how he tasted. A benign saltiness was slowly oozing out of the tip. Her lips relaxed while her hand tightened. She stroked him, swiping at the tiny slit, coaxing out more. With a growl he could feel vibrating off him, she devoured him once more, quickly wrapping his cock up with her mouth. Warm, and wet, encasing him in a way that was reminiscent yet uniquely its own. 

He felt a jolt race through him as her free hand moved to caress his balls. She held them in her palm, as though weighing them, before gently rubbing them against each other with her fingers. Her mouth was a blur on his shaft, slathered in her spit and his pre-cum. He gripped her hair more firmly, his hips rolling in tandem. She moaned her encouragement, tilting her head slightly to better glance up at him as he sawed into her mouth. She felt him grow thicker. Her lips stretched around him. Straining to maintain her rhythm against his grip, she couldn't help but purr as she heard him moan, deeper than before, letting her know it would be soon. 

She concentrated her mouth at his head, her hand pumping. Slurping at his cock, her tongue swiped and swirled noisily, abandoning finesse for lust. It was too much seeing her like this, so focussed, as though she were in the throes of some ancient worship. He cried out, warning her, as his cum flooded her mouth, coating her tongue in creamy ropes, his hips shaking. She swallowed the first jet easily, moaning is it slid down her throat. He filled her mouth again, and again, and she wasn't quick enough, caught up in his taste. His cum dribbled past her lips and onto her chin, smearing there as she ignored it, working every drop out of him. 
