  (This is a revision of the original story published on 7/28/14. With the help of my editor 'larryinseattle' many of the story-line and grammatical errors have been removed to make it a much easier read. To those who read the original version "Thank You." For those who're reading it for the first time, "Enjoy.")

*

Peter rolled over in bed, the numbers '2:47' slowly coming into focus. "What the fuck?" he questioned as he tried to figure out what had caused him to wake up at this time of the morning. He listened closely and everything seemed quiet until he heard the gentle rapping on one of his doors. Still he didn't move but concentrated to find where the sound was coming from. The knocking was becoming more and more insistent and he was surprised when he realized that it wasn't coming from the front door but from the side door. 

Quietly, he got out of bed and looked down from his second-story window. The driveway that ran along that side of the house was dimly lit, but he could just make out the shadow of a figure that for some reason seemed vaguely familiar. He slid into a pair of running pants from the chair next to his bed and headed out of the bedroom before stopping and grabbing one of his walking sticks from the closet as a precaution. When he reached the door, he peeked out the window and saw Dori standing there. Dori was ... well exactly what was Dori? He thought for a second ... She was his ex-wife's brother's fiancé. He shook his head to try and clear it, realizing there had to be a better description of who she was but at this time of the morning he just couldn't think of it.

He opened the door and stood there, watching as she turned, stumbling slightly. 

"Hi, Pete. Shorry ... I mean Sorry to wake you up."

"Mornin', Dori," he replied in a not too pleasant tone as he looked at her. This was definitely not the woman he'd known. She was dressed in a long jacket that was unbuttoned, revealing a blaze-red dress and high-heels. She had obviously spent extra time on her hair which was normally brunette but now had highlights throughout and her make-up included bright-red lipstick and eye-shadow that drew attention to her hazel eyes. "What can I do for you?" he asked as he pretended to yawn.

"Can I come in? I'm kinda out of sorts and I could really use someone to talk to."

Looking out towards the street he asked, "Where's your car?"

She giggled, "Well, I went out with the girls tonight for my bachelorette party and I seem to have misplaced them."

He stood there considering his options for a second before opening the door. "Okay, come on in. I'll make some coffee."

As she stepped towards the door, she stumbled once again but this time directly into his outstretched arms. For just the briefest of moments she felt his hand cupping a breast as he helped her to stand up. "Sorry, about that. I guess I had more to drink then I realized."

"Yeah, I guess so," he replied as he moved back to let her enter the house. The feel of her breast seemed to have been burned into the palm of his hand in that brief moment. It wasn't as large as his ex-wife's but had felt fantastic and he was sure he had felt a nipple hardening just in those few seconds. 

She entered and then stood aside as if waiting for him.

"Go on. You know the way to the kitchen. I'll lock up and be there in a second."

She nodded her head and climbed the four stairs to the first level before heading down the hallway to the kitchen. If she'd turned to look back, she would have seen him standing there watching the swaying movements of her hips as she seemed to glide down the hall.

He quickly locked the door, trying to decide why he'd said 'okay' when she'd asked to come in. Then he turned just in time to see her long, toned legs at eye level. Even in the dim light from outside he could make out the seam running up the back of her leg. The question of whether she was wearing pantyhose, thigh-high's, or knee-high nylons jumped into his mind but was quickly dismissed. After all, this was his almost ex-sister-in-law, but that definition didn't sound right either. 

"What the fuck am I doing?" he asked himself as he followed her to the kitchen where he found her sitting at the table. She had removed her jacket, revealing her dress ... and what a dress it was ... or wasn't. Two thin spaghetti straps held the dress up but exposed her shoulders while the plunging V-neck exposed everything else that could be exposed without being arrested. Two thin strips of material covered her breasts and there was no back which allowed him a view or the soft, golden-tan of her skin all the way down to the cleft just above her ass. Shocked for the second time in the last few moments, he stood in the kitchen doorway taking in the sight before forcing himself to walk to the cabinet to get the coffee. "So what's so important you need to talk to me at this time of the morning?"

"Well, I know this will sound kinda strange but I'm supposed to get married in two days and I'm not sure I'm ready for it. I mean, I love Brad and all, but there is just so much that I haven't experienced in life. I'm just not sure if I should get tied down or not. Do you understand what I'm saying?"

A smile appeared on his face as he replied, "Yeah. I think everyone has those feelings just before the big day. I had them with Anna and I know of other couples that have said that they had the same doubts. It's natural. There are things that each of us hoped to do that may have to be put off or even given up once you're part of a couple. The most important thing is that you love the person that you're marrying. Hell, Anna and I still love each other in our own way, even though we're divorced. We shared a lot together and I wouldn't change a thing ... well, that's not quite true ... I'd probably change the way it ended. The point is that you and Brad love each other."

"That may be true, but there are still things that I'd like to do before I settle down."

"Like what?"

This was the opening she'd waited for. She was not nearly as drunk as she was pretending to be though she did have several drinks to get up the nerve for what she was about to try.

Like many women, she and Anna had shared and compared notes about the men in their lives and tonight she wanted what Anna had given up. "Well for one thing, I want to get fucked. Now don't get me wrong, Brad is a great lover. He's very gentle and caring. He's always concerned about me and makes sure I'm enjoying what we're doing but just once in my life I want to get fucked, hard and nasty. I want to let myself go and be a total slut if I want. I want to do things that I might never do or have done to me again. I don't want to wonder later on about what it might've been like. Does that sound crazy?"

Somewhat shocked by what he'd just heard her say, he continued to stand at the counter with his back to her while reaching for the can of coffee. Like most men, he suspected that women talked to each other about their husbands or lovers just like men did so he thought he might have an idea as to where this conversation was headed. "So what does this have to do with me?"

She stood and slipped the dress straps off her shoulders, allowing her dress to drop to the floor before walking up behind him. She pressed her bare tits against his back as she whispered, "I want you to be the one to do it to me. Anna and I talked so I know that you can do it."

He turned, making sure to look her directly in the eyes, afraid of what might happen if he looked any lower. "Dori, I'm really complimented by what you've said and offered but you're my ex-wife's friend ... I mean, you're my ex-wife's brother's fiancé ... I mean, you're almost my ex-sister-in-law. Fuck, I'm not sure what I mean."

With the grace of a dancer, she backed up, exposing herself to him. "For tonight why don't you forget about that. Especially, since you're not sure anyway. Instead, just consider me a horny woman who wants you to fuck her."

He heard what she was saying but his eyes were already taking in the sight of her body. She was about 5-foot 6-inches tall but had on three-inch heels which made her legs look taller and leaner. Her body was tanned and he couldn't see any tan lines and her breasts were pear-shaped and topped with nipples that seemed to be getting darker and larger as he watched. All she was wearing besides the heels was a sheer-black G-string and a red garter belt that held up the thigh-high stockings that he had wondered about earlier. 

She gave him a sultry smile as she watched him looking up and down her body. "Like what you see, Pete? I'm 36C-27-35, though I admit that sometimes I push into a B-cup just to give that added cleavage and lift you men seem to like so much. And when I'm feeling really wicked, I shave my pussy like I did before I came over here tonight. That way, the G-string rubs against my clit and pussy lips and I get so fucking horny that sometimes I cum just walking around," she whispered. "Here," she offered as she pulled her panties aside, "Do you want to see my shaved pussy? It's all hot and wet from being here with you like this."

He stood there, fighting a battle in his head that his body had already won as his pulse quickened and his cock began to harden. The battle only lasted a few seconds before he gave into what they both wanted, answering, "Yeah, I wanna see that shaved pussy of yours. Come here and let me see just how hot and wet you really are. After that, I'm gonna give you exactly what you are asking for. I'm gonna fuck you so hard that you'll walk bowlegged down the aisle. You hear me? Now let's see what you're offering!"

"Yesssss, that's what I want. Talk dirty to me. Tell me what you want me to do and what you're gonna do to me."

"Just shut the fuck up and show me your pussy, slut."

She pulled the front of her panties even further aside, revealing her shaved pussy. The heady aroma of her sex quickly filled the room.

When he moved towards her, he forced her back against the table. Then, placing his hands on her shoulders, he pushed until she lay spread out on it, her legs dangling over the edge. He knelt between her legs and grabbed the front of her panties, yanking them hard. The string on the right side ripped to reveal her womanhood in all its glory. The lips were red and swollen with arousal and her juices were leaking out and running down the crack of her ass. Without saying another word, he placed his hand over her pussy lips and captured them between his index and middle fingers.

Her body trembled as he slid his fingers up and down, spreading her juices across her inner thighs before focusing on her distended clit and squeezing it lightly between his fingertips.

"Ohhhhhhhhhh, gawd, Yesssssssssss. This is what I've wanted. Play with my pussy, Peter. Make me cum all over myself. I've never felt so wanton. Every time you squeeze my clit I can feel electricity surging through my whole body," she cried as her body responded to his touch. Instinctively, she began to rotate her hips against his hand. "Oh, fuck that feels so good. I can feel my pussy juices running out and spreading across the lips. I feel like such a slut, but gawd I love it. More, Peter, do more to me!"

When he heard her words, he spread her pussy lips and slid first one and then two fingers deep inside her. Once inside, he began to wiggle them to touch and tease every inch of her pussy canal.

Her breathing quickened, "Oh ... my ... gawd ... that ... feels ... so ... fucking ... good. I'm ... gonna ... cum. Make ... me ... cum. Fuck ... my ... pussy ... with ... your ... fingers ... and ... make ... me ... cum. Please ... now ... faster ... that's ... it. Faster ... oh ... my ... gawd ... I ... can ... feel ... it ...!"

He knew what to do and waited until she was on the verge of an orgasm before diving between her legs and sucking her clit into his mouth.

Her legs clamped over his shoulders as she pressed her pussy against his mouth and fingers. "I'm ... cummmmiiinnnnggggggg ... Yessssss ... now ... AAAAIIIIIEEEEEEEeeeeeeee!!!!" she wailed as her orgasm overtook her and her body began to shake with release.

Seconds turned to moments which seemed like endless hours to her. Each time it seemed that her climax was lessening, he would send her back into oblivion by sucking on her clit, rubbing against the walls of her pussy with his fingers and driving his tongue deep within her or reaching up and pinching her aroused nipples; occasionally pulling and stretching them before releasing them to pop back into place. Finally, her body couldn't take any more and she slumped, exhausted onto the table.

He stood, grabbed her legs, and used them to flip her over onto her stomach. Then, he reached down and pushed his running pants down. His cock stood out straight from his body, as he moved between her spread legs. "Now's the time for you to get what you been wantin', slut," he whispered in her ear as he slid his cock into her and down her slick canal until the base of his cock pressed against her aroused pussy lips.

"MMMMmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmm ... Yessssssssssssss," she hissed.

He stood behind her as he grabbed her hips and drew his cock back until the rim of the tip was exposed before thrusting back into her. With each thrust he tried to bury himself deeper and deeper in her until he felt the tip of his cock pressing her cervix; that magical opening that allowed entry to the 'holy-of-holies', a woman's womb.

She slowly returned from her orgasmic voyage and stood, balancing herself on her high-heels. She tilted her ass higher to meet his thrusts, while still leaning forward on her elbows as her tits swayed under her. Each time her nipples slid across the table, an electric charge surged from the tip to her womanly core. "Aaaaauuuugghhhhh, yesssss, that's it. Fuck me like that. Fill me deep. Yes ... yes ... yes ... ohmigod ... yes. Fill me, Peter. Fuck me hard. That's want I want. Auuuggghhhh ... harder ... harder ... come on damn it ... FUCK ME HARDER. Yes ... yes ... ohhhhhhh. Push me across this table and stab that cock of yours all the way inside me. Oh gawd ... oh gawd ... yesssssss ... Fuck me like a slut. Make me your bitch."

He knew that they only had seconds to go before he unloaded his cum deep inside her and he wanted to insure that she crested with him in an orgasm that she'd never forget. Wrapping his arm around her waist, he trust one last time as he grabbed one of her nipples and pinched as hard as he could, while leaning over, whispering in her ear, "Here is comes, baby. Time to get my cum deep inside your pussy like a good little slut."

Seconds later, he felt his balls churn as strand after strand of cum surged up his cook and into her.

The feel of his cum splattering against the back of her pussy, as well as the pleasure/pain caused by him pinching her nipple, was more than she could handle and she spiraled off into another orgasm. "NNNNNNNNOOOOOOOOoooooooo, AAAAAAAAIIIIIIIIIIIIEEEEEeeeeeee, cummmmmiinnnngggggggggggggg," she shrieked before he put a hand over her mouth, afraid she might wake up the neighbors.

They stood there, locked together, shaking, until they both collapsed onto the table. His weight pinned her under him as his cum filled her and began to seek any unsuspecting egg that they could find.

Moments later, he stood and withdrew his cock. Cum and pussy juice combined leaked from her unplugged hole and dribbled down her nylon-clad legs. When he stepped back, he looked at the lewd sight of her spread legs and stretched pussy. As if with a mind of its own, his cock began to jerk and harden again.

Shortly after, she rolled over on the table, her legs spread even wider as she tried to slip off and stand up. "Pete, I know that I should be mad at you for cumming in me, but I have to admit that I feel better than I've felt in a long time. My skin feels like it's glowing and I can feel my heart beat throbbing in my tits and pussy. In fact right now, I don't even care if you got me pregnant. I feel wonderful. The only thing that would make me better is if you'd fuck me again," she purred, seductively, as she glanced down at his hardening cock. "I can tell that you want to, so why don't you come over here and sit in this chair. Then, we'll see what we can figure out."

Peter half walked and half staggered to the seat and sat down. Dori quickly knelt between his legs and wrapped her hand around his partially erect cock. Leaning over, she kissed the tip before beginning to lick it. "Mmm, Mmm, Mmmm, our fuck juices taste good together," she said before taking the whole head of his cock and sucking it. At the same time, she slid her hand up and down the length that was not in her mouth. His cock was soon coated in saliva and harder with each stroke. She removed her mouth and knelt forward, placing his now rigid cock between her tits and squeezed them together. "I've always wanted to try this, but until tonight I've been too shy, I guess. But right now I want to feel your cock sliding between my tits and using me. I want you to fuck my tits and cum on them if you want."

Out of habit, he glanced at the clock. '4:28' he read. "I guess I'm calling into work this morning," he thought as he reached down and grabbed a tit in each hand.

Her hands, instantly, covered his pressing her tits together, trapping his cock between them.

"Fuck my tits," she groaned as he began to flex his hips up and down. His cock would first pop out from between her globes and then disappear, only to reappear a second later. 

Her own lust and desire soon overtook her. She looked up at him before lowering her head and spitting on the tip of his cock, lubricating it as she began to bounce up and down its length. Erotic chills ran up and down her body as he squeezed and pinched her tits and nipples. The feel of his cock sliding between her cleavage triggered nerves that she never knew she had and her hand seemed to instinctively move to her pussy.

She slipped one and then two fingers into it while she used her thumb to tease her clit. 

He enjoyed the sensation as well. The warm, wet feeling of her tits wrapped around his cock soon had him on the verge of cumming again. "Ohhhh, shit, Dori. This feels so fucking fantastic. I never knew that you were such a fuck-slut. I always thought you were some kind of prude, but after tonight... Ohhhhhh, gawd. I'm gonna cum soon, baby. I'm gonna cum all over your tits." Pre-cum began to leak from the tip of his cock as he spoke, lubricating her cleavage even more.

When she heard what he was saying, it triggered something deep in her. She knew that she loved Brad and would be his wife but she also knew that she would never be the same person she was before. And she knew that this wasn't going to be a onetime thing with Peter as she had originally planned. She knew that she'd be back for more of his cock and the type of fucking she had just got from him. She also knew that she would have him cum in her mouth, on her tits and face, and maybe even in her ass, but right now she wanted to feel him deep inside her pussy again. She wanted to feel his cum coating her insides, filling her until it leaked down her legs.

She pulled away as she looked up at him, saying, "Not tonight, stud. You can cum on my tits next time, or the time after that, or the time after that, but right now I need your cock deep inside me again. I want to feel it pressing against the back of my pussy and I want to feel your cum spraying the inside of me when you cum. I honestly don't care if I get pregnant right now. I just need to feel your cock buried deep inside me filling me and stretching me as you pump another load of your thick cream in me. In fact, I hope I do get pregnant, to remind me of what a fantastic night this has turned out to be." With that said, she stood and quickly straddled his lap, placing the head of his cock against her slick pussy lips before lowering herself onto it. "Yyyyeeesssssssssssss."
