 You stand in the doorway of your room. The light shining from the window and candles lit to illuminate the shadows. I come up behind you. My breath caresses your neck and your eyes close. Softly, You feel my lips touch your skin. Your breath catches in your throat. I kiss your neck softly. My tongue lingers slightly. 

I place my hands on your hips and pull you back into me. I wrap my arms around you and you tell me that you love me. I smile softly and tell you I love you... My arms tighten and I feel your smile. You turn in my arms and kiss me. Your lips are so soft and gentle but they are demanding. They demand something of me that I have given you so many times in the past. They demand my love, my touch, my devotion. You have all that and more from me because I do love you. 

As we kiss, I slowly back you up to the edge of the bed. I raise your arms and slip off your blouse. I whisper "beautiful," and smile. My hand lingers and caresses your breast. Your nipple awakens and tightens for my touch. I reach behind you and undo the clasp of your bra. You kiss my shoulder softly as I slip it off. You kiss me again as I set you down on the edge of the bed as I lower myself to your knees in front of you. As you sit and look at me, I wrap my arms around your waist and bury my face in your chest. I inhale your perfume. "Mmmmmmm," I say. You gasp as my mouth takes your breast and I suckle from you as if you held the very thing I need to live. You wrap fingers in my hair and press me to you and moan. You close your eyes and tell me that it feels wonderful. My touch always feels wonderful. I run my tongue down your stomach to your navel and push you down on the bed. I unsnap your pants and run my tongue a touch farther down... 

I stand up and slip off my shirt. You raise up on your elbows to watch. I take your breath away. My strong shoulders and chest catch your eyes. I take off me jeans and you motion for me with your hand. I slide up on the bed so that my head rests on our pillows. As you start to take off your pants and I playfully slap your hand away to start taking them off myself kissing down your hips and legs as I go. I ball up your pants and toss them into a corner of the room. You grin devilishly at me and as I start licking up the inside of your ankle, all the way up to your knee. I then start kissing your skin, making it tingle. I kiss almost all the way up inside your thigh. I push your legs apart, look up at you and kiss you there.... the most delicate and sensitive part. My tongue runs up and down. I lick you. You whimper and your hands fist up in the bed sheets. I find that spot. I take it into my mouth and suck gently which makes you gasp and your back arch. I run my tongue around it continuing my assault on your senses until you start to climax. I stop when I sense you are close. You cry out for me not to stop but I slide up your body. I kiss you. 

You moan against my mouth and as you do, I take that moment to enter you. I fill you so completely. You can feel yourself stretch to accommodate me. You are so tight around me that you gasp and grit your teeth to keep control. You take a deep breath and moan. Once you have regained your composure I start to move inside you. You feel me slide in and out. You feel so wonderful. I am dizzy with the pleasure we are giving each other. I feel your nails as you run them down my back and when you grip my shoulders. You wrap your legs around me so that you can take me deeper inside your warm silky essence. 

It doesn't take long at all for you to start to reach your ends. I feel you tense and cry out. I feel your body contract around me. It drives me almost to the brink too, but I am determined to hold off as long as I can. As you regain yourself, I kiss you. You kiss me everywhere you can reach. You push me off of you and I roll off, but take you with me. As you lay on me, you run your hands down my side softly tickling me. You slide your body down.... kissing my stomach... tonguing my bellybutton. 

You slide down farther. Taking my hardness in your hand. It has started to get a touch soft from not getting the attention it deserves. You kiss the tip softly to tease me then stroke it once or twice to get it hard again. Now you place your lips on the tip of it, gently sucking. You run your tongue around in circles on the tip, paying attention to the hole, the ridge. Then you take as much of it as you can into your mouth, running your tongue up and down the shaft. You softly lick and suck me. You cup the rest of me in my hands and gently massage as I start moaning. I wrap my fist in your hair and you moan. The vibrations make me jump and whimper softly. You slide your hands up under my hips and squeeze my ass cheek. My breathing gets heavier and I jerk you up to my chest. I tell you, "I have to be inside you Right Now!" I kiss your lips hard and slip up into you and the instant I am inside you I sigh in ecstasy. You sit up and rock once or twice. God it feels so good.... 

You feel so good. You lean back till your hair brushes my thighs. I fondle your breasts as you ride me. You start to moan as I feel you around you. You rock back and forth and we start to come. I reach up and grab you to me as we moan louder and I come inside you. You cum with the force of a volcanic eruption. We continue to spasm feeding off of each others’ pleasure. I wrap my arms around you and pull you on top of me. You kiss me softly and we fall asleep with me still inside you and your hair caressing my cheek and my arms holding you lovingly through out the night.....