 I've been waiting impatiently all week -- we talk on the phone, we tease, I can almost feel his caressing hands as he tells me what he's going to do to me this weekend. Damn, what a turn on. I know we are going to do it every way imaginable once he gets here. And I am tired of getting myself off alone, I want him here!

I've got it all planned. My outfit is all set out, can't wait till he sees me in it. Purple and black corset with ribbons up the back -- the only kind that will fit me! Every time I try to buy some cute little corset my tits look ridiculous falling out of the top -- all squashed and super unattractive so I'll stick with the ribbony type. I consider them my only option, really. These babies don't do well without support!

I'm going to meet him at the front door where we have a little "mud room". It's really too grand of a house to call it that, but it draws the picture. I've turned the lights off in the little room, but though the full-length lacey curtain we'll have the porch light. The door to the foyer will be closed but it also has a window and I'm counting on no one looking through the curtain to notice our activities. I decorated the little bench with blue cushions in case I end up bent over that bench. I added a mirror opposite the bench for his viewing pleasure.

My plan was to come down in my corset and thigh high black stocking with a sexy black robe keeping me decent. He called as he pulled up and I ran directly from the shower to the front door. I pulled him inside, dying to get my hands on him. Pushing closed the foyer door; we were trapped in the dim little room. With his lips on mine, I concentrated on getting his pants off. I was slightly concerned that my roommate would wander downstairs just now but mostly I was thinking about his hands running up my legs and untying my robe.

"God, baby, I didn't think you were serious!" he muttered as he squeezed my ass, lifting me against him. "I'm gonna fuck you right here! You sure no one can see us out there?" he asked nervously, referring to the fully lit street beyond the see-through curtain. 

"Positive," I said, laughing at his expression, "I was very thorough. I checked every angle and although we can see out, no one can see us unless they come stand directly in front of the door." I'd stripped his pants off by now and was falling to my knees, pulling down his boxers.

He might have been trying to pull me back up for a kiss but he stopped as soon as I circled the head with my mouth. I love the taste of his dick; the skin is silky smooth and feels so good against my tongue. His low groan slowed me down; I wanted to take my time. Wrapping my hand around the base I started licking up and down the frenulum, circling the head and then bobbing down quickly to get the little gasps of pleasure I wanted. As I suckled his dick, he started reaching back for the bench.

"Oh yeah, baby, suck my dick. That's my girl, fuck I missed your mouth. You love sucking my cock, don't you baby? You want me to fuck you right here, baby?" he was asking all these rhetorical questions, getting me hotter as he told me what he was going to do to me. He settled down on the bench, bringing my head into his lap and my cleavage within his reach.

"I am gonna spank that pretty ass while I fuck you. No panties, huh baby? You want me to take you on this bench baby, bend you over and fuck you? You want to get fucked, don't you baby? I'm going to grab your hips and pull you down on my dick and fuck you right here." I was getting wetter with each image he created in my head. On top, bent over, on the floor, I couldn't wait to have him inside me.

"Maybe I should get you over my knees first? Give your ass a good spanking, make it all red" I nearly choked, thinking about his hands rubbing my ass, spanking, squeezing, little kisses -- fuck yea, I was nodding my agreement to this plan as I sucked him deeper. "That makes you so wet, huh baby? Thinking about my hands on you, sucking my dick?" He pulled me up roughly, "keep that up, baby, and I'll never make it inside your hot little pussy." 

I raised up, turning as he grabbed my ass, squeezing and spreading my cheeks as his dick started to slide into my wet pussy from behind. I couldn't stop the loud moan that escaped me as he slid in to the hilt, holding my hips, I was trying to be quiet but it felt so good, so full.

He stilled for a moment, holding me immobile with an arm tight on my hips and the other across my body, gripping my shoulder. As I panted, my body clenching, he brought his head down for an open-mouth kiss on the side of my neck. I nearly came then, moaning and turning back to find his lips. As he started to rock me on his cock, holding my kiss, I was certain I wouldn't last long.

I wonder how the weekend could get better than this. It's not ALL about sex but man, that is a sweeeet part of the deal.