 Ray Rambler, 49 was excited as he coasted down his Subaru Outback out of his driveway. He's going to take out the stunningly pretty divorcee named Kate Halston to a hiking trip. His wife Abby had persuaded him to have a fling with Kate. 

Abby was not as pretty as the much younger Kate, but she's a sophisticated and a highly intelligent woman who can be seductive and beautiful if she wanted to. However she had an ailment that caused her loss of sexual appetite. Ray's effort to stimulate her had been futile. The result was a sexual coma for Ray. Thanks Lord of Lords, after two years Abby finally felt pity on Ray because despite the lack of sex he's been a faithful husband for 22 years of their marriage. Ironically, their three children were now all grown–ups and they would have had better time to indulge in sex. And as Ray approaches middle life he actually needed sex most, as this is man's last hurrah, the last stage of his sexual urges. 

Ray met Kate when she appeared one early morning at his doorstep two weeks ago. He couldn't forget the day when she rang his doorbell and woke him up. It was an awakening, a long-awaited rain on a dried parched land as she stood there at the doorstep, dressed in an elegant business suit, lovely as a beautiful dream, a smile like Mira Sorvino's, mesmerizing him, and drawing him with a powerful kind of irresistible force.

"Good morning sir, I'm Kate Halston, sorry to have bothered you. I live down Lafayette and my car stalled right across your house and I think it needs a battery jumpstart," she intoned. 

Her car was a classic Trans Am. She was a corporate lawyer living just a few blocks away in the same village. The sexual attraction was instant. Ray had never met a woman like that before. Even his wife hadn't had that effect on him.

Ray jumpstarted her car and in return Kate gave him her card; to call her in case he needed her assistance. In that course of their meeting, Ray had learned that Kate was recently divorced, no child and had been only married for two years. 

A week later, Ray bumped into Kate in a mall.

"Mr. Rambler, how very nice to see you," Kate said flashing her captivating smile, her brown eyes with specks of gold brimming with merriment.

"How about calling me Ray?" he said cracking a smile.

"Ok, Ray it is. I was going to buy a helmet and knee pads for my in line skates. I envy the young ones who do this in the park."

"Well, you're still young."

"Oh, not too young anymore. How old do you think I am?"

"Well, I'm really poor at guessing women's ages."

"Try, maybe you'll hit the bulls-eye," she prodded.

"Twenty...ah...seven?"

"Hey spot on, man. I'm really 27."

"Oh, my real guess was 25, I don't know why I blurted out 27."

She flashed again that captivating smile.

"My kids used to do this sport," Ray said.

"I now prefer it than jogging which I used to do. What're you buying?" Kate said.

"Oh, I'm just on my way to the scent section. If it were no trouble at all I'd like to ask your help to pick a scent that would suit an old guy like me. I've been using the same scent for a long while and now I'd like something different for a change." 

"Sure. I love scents! They say women have keener nose than men when it comes to scent. What are you using by the way?" 

"Well, Polo," he replied.

"That's a good one. All right, if you'll help me buy the best caps and helmet?"

"That's easy for me to do," Ray said.

Kate was tall, 5'7" in fact, and was dressed attractively in black mini skirt and blue lamé top. Men and women threw admiring glances at her. Ray was lean and fairly muscled at 6'1" sporting a trendy goatee and a tousled black hair that is graying a bit. He was dressed casually in a white on white plaid camp shirt over ribbed cotton T-shirt, cotton and linen grayish trousers and leather driving shoes. 

Ray sampled on his wrist the Sienna from Crabtree and Evelyn, distinguished by warm woody notes, citrus and aromatic herbs. Kate sniffed it. "If a man walked by me wearing that, I'd follow him," Kate said. Ray's eyebrows perked up and instantly decided to purchase it. 

Soon they were like old friends eating lunch in a nice cozy restaurant. They were a charming couple joyously chit-chatting.

Finally, Ray offered Kate the invitation for a hiking expedition in Cape Cunnapeak on a hillside overlooking the Bay of Grundy on Saturday.

Kate knew that he's very much married but only married men come on to her. She'd been playing the field with a vengeance as she'd just been out of a failed marriage. Ray had been the best candidate to have a fling on as far as she's concerned. 

"Oh that'll be great. I'd surely like to come with you. We'll bring a picnic basket, wine, oh I can prepare for that," Kate enthused. Ray liked her expression and for the first time in years he felt like a teen-ager driving the hot rod. 

Ray finally pulled up his Subaru in front of her house. Looking very outdoorsy in his rugged outfit, he stood happily at Kate's doorway ringing her doorbell. Kate opened the door and immediately threw him a welcoming hug and a buzz on the cheek. Kate was wearing a clingy white top and low-riding soft denim skirt that bared a snippet of tummy skin. 

"Come on in. I was packing up the food that I prepared," she said.

"Mmmmm I could smell it," he said. She hooked her arm happily on his and led him to the kitchen counter.

His eyes roved around the interior of her house. The décor looked trendy with walls and ceiling painted in off white and blue. Everything was in the shades of blue. There's a Kendall sofa and a thrown rug under a coffee table. Metal sculptured lamps on each table illuminated the room, but the light just pooled around the furniture creating a stunning effect. Another table held a large screen TV and sound system, and a Robbie Williams CD 'Swing When You're Winning' was emanating softly from the audio player. A couple of abstract paintings hung on the wall done by Diana Ong.

She had cut up the French baguette into mini sandwiches size, wrapped each with wax paper then tied with a string so the fillings won't spill out. Then she put them in the basket along with other goodies, and napkins. The drinks were to be put inside a blue thermo bag to keep it chilled. 

"What are you staring at? I'm beginning to feel self-conscious," she said trying to concentrate on what she was doing.

"You're remarkably beautiful, so zesty, so full of life," Ray said huskily as he held her by the shoulders. He knew that the touch made her tingle all over for he noticed how her nipples awoke from slumber and stood like bullets against her clingy top. She was obviously wearing no bra. 

When she turned, Ray dropped a soft kiss on her forehead breathing her perfume and touching lightly her silky black semi pony-tailed hair. Kate drew close to him and his arms wrapped around her. She longed for a man's hug and there had been nights that she played herself thinking of Ray. Ray gazed at her slightly made-up face, porcelain skin and sensual lips close to his. He had to curb his desire. They've got the whole day to themselves. She fiddled his collar shirt and he resisted slipping his hands over her nicely-shaped rump and pulling her hips to his. They held their gazes for awhile, the heat of passion brewing in their eyes, and hadn't Ray loosened his hold on her, the heat of their lustful desires could have ignited on the spot. 

With a glimmering smile, Kate resumed packing their provisions for the trip. When she's done she shrugged into a Replay denim jacket and sat down on the sofa to change her clogs to Nike sneakers after wearing white ankle socks. 

The sun was throwing its early morning rays and the cool crisp air and spruce scented spring air whiffed through their nostrils. The day was predicted to be sunny and cloudless as the summer season was ushering in. 

The Subaru cruised easily out of the village and into the highway. The car radio was blasting with The Rolling Stone's 'Route 66' and Lily was bopping up and down along with the tune. Her short skirt drawn up to alarming level and long slightly-tanned legs pulled his attention once in a while.

After about 12 miles of easy driving, it pulled off the highway and travel through the charming village of Randy Oak, and then Lechersville, past lovely, historic homes and gorgeous towering trees. And then through Bunnington, taking a road near the Seamen's Memorial that leads to the Bay of Grundy where Cape Cunnapeak was.

"Ray, have you been involved with a woman outside of your marriage?"

"No," he said. 

"You're a rare breed."

"Have you been seeing anyone lately?" Ray asked.

"Two guys have asked me out but not one of them fell into my liking. It's nice to be single again, and man, I want to play the part well. When I get 30 maybe I'll settle back again and have babies," she laughed.

"Where's your husband now?" he asked.

"He left me for a black guy. It disgusts me to ever think of what he did to me. He partied, boozed and took drugs like there was no tomorrow. He's a spoiled brat, son of a wealthy couple. We settled though amicably and left me with his house in Lafayette."

"That's a nice house."

"Yeah, I finally fixed it all by my taste."

"You've got very beautiful hands, delicate and long," he said shifting the subject.

"You're the second person who told me that," she said glancing briefly at her nails gleaming with slick blue polish.

"Who's the first?"

"My dad, when I was small. He used to hold my hand and said they were pretty and always kissed them. He's a warm and tender man. I really loved him and I missed him a lot. He died two years ago of heart attack while he was listening to his favorite songs."

Ray shook his head dismally.

"How's your old man?" she asked.

"Gone away too. He was carrying an affair with a young woman when it happened. Heart attack too."

"Whoa, hope you have a stronger heart!"

"Don't be dismayed. I took out so much from my mother."

"And I took so much from my dad."

Both of them laughed.

At last they arrived at their destination. When they got out of the sport vehicle Kate's senses tangled with the sight, smell and sounds of the great outdoor.

"Wow, beautiful day, isn't it?" She sighed.

"Perfect." Ray said resonating to the beauty of the environment.

Ray pulled on his back pack and took the thermo bag from Kate. When Kate bent over to retrieve her back pack from the vehicle her skirt rode up --high enough for Ray to catch a glimpse of her bun-baring blue thong. Even at 49, Ray was still getting a kick out of those upskirt ogling. 

Before they started trekking they held each other and finally kissed tasting the sweetness of a budding romance. Ray could feel that Kate wanted to linger on but he broke it up. He wanted to stage the romance step by step by not getting into it so soon.

"Come we've got a long walk ahead of us before we get to the hilltop," he said. Lily felt some trickles of wetness between her legs and she knew that she's so hungry for a man's stimulation. He was a good kisser, which made her crave for the main event. 

They walked through a wide farm land and hiked up through the woods, passing through a trail that narrows and meanders to many steep inclines and down sudden descents. Kate was a laugh a minute girl and Ray enjoyed her company. They held hands and took careful steps along the way that was cluttered with gnarled roots from so many old trees. There was a bed of exotic mushrooms, a raccoon which darted by, several woodcocks and a fat porcupine waddling by. Every passing minute was fun and the hour hike was so quick. 

When they reached the clearing of the hill top, the air changed into the smell of sea breeze. Kate ran ahead of him toward the edge and watched the swirling water under, ships bopping up ahead in a distance and up above hovered a flock of sea gulls, swooping upon a nearby shore. Ray's been used to the view of the place but Kate's delicious curves, her full ass were the sight that made it more breathtaking.

Standing on Cape Cunnapeak of about 500 feet of sandstone cliff jutting out into the Bay of Grundy, Kate laughed aloud at what Ray pointed to her. The sloping cliff with a gash at the center, looked like a woman's sex. At the middle of the split gushed a water flow that cascaded to the ocean.

"This is a very naughty place," Kate remarked.

"Like the view?" 

"Fantastic!"

"If we're lucky we could see whales in the ocean."

"Really? Hmmm, this is fun, fun, fun!" she enthused pivoting to him and slipping her arms around him. Ray's lips came down on hers and they kissed tenderly sending shivers along her spine. It was like the pleasure was centered to their kissing and Ray began taking her kiss thirstily like drinking soda pop on a hot summer's day. Kate responded with equal passion. Their hands roved around their backs and both were exhilarated by the bonding of their emotional and physical need. 

Kate, almost forgetting how to breathe, broke the kiss. "Let's settle down here, shall we?" she said with ragged breathing. Feeling the pleasure of his manly hold was turning her body to jelly. Ray nodded and took an inflatable mattress out of his back pack. He unfolded it and spread it on the ground that had a straggly growth of grass. Kate watched him pumped air into the mattress and immediately connected it with sex, which gave her a wild erotic sensation that pulsed between her legs. They were lucky as they had the place to themselves.

At last Ray sat on the mattress which Kate had laden with a blue blanket. He undid the zippers around the thighs of his trousers to convert them into shorts. Kate shrugged off her jacket, chucked it aside, and knelt down to help him unlace his Wolverine boots. Then she sat between his open legs, her back on him, and took off her crosstrainers by herself. The gentle breeze mussed her hair and Ray nuzzled his nose and lips on her ears and neck cherishing her alluring scent called Sérénissima by Guerlain favored by Sharon Stone. 

"You're tickling me," she giggled as he continued damping kisses on her. After yanking off her shoes and socks she leaned back on Ray, enfolding herself into his arms while her hands stroked his knees and down his outer thighs. Kate dreamily shut her eyes, chin up, savoring the breeze when Ray's hands pressed around her exposed tummy and one moved astray to wander along the slope of her thigh slipping under her skirt and managed to just stop short of her underwear. The need had arisen and whatever will be will be. She needed a lover, and good romancing. Turning her face to him, he gave her the kind of kiss that went all the way down to the toes of her feet and through her fingertips. Compelled by an unseen force Ray placed his right hand over her breast, fingers splayed and was immediately followed by his left hand to also feel the other breast. As he fondled both her breasts through the cotton fabric of her top, she arched her spine with arousal and Ray slipped his hands underneath her clingy shirt and closed in on her lovely breasts inside. The touch of her bare skin charged an electric current into his loins. Kate's young busts were firm, so velvety smooth and so wonderful to feel. He rolled the nipples with his fingertips and caused her to cry out with bliss inside her head. 

After a moment of sweet caresses, Kate twisted her body to face him and straddled him on his hips pushing him down the mattress. Eye to eye, lips to lips, breath to breath, tongue to tongue and hips to hips both felt the urgent need of sexual bonding. Ray's hands caressed her back down to the bare skin preceding her skirt that had bunched up to expose her round firm bottom. 

Burning with desire, Kate straightened up and wrapped her hands under her shirt and lifted them over her head. Her wondrous 36 fruity inches of b-cup breasts tumbled free. She let him watched her jiggled her breasts and his eyes darted from there to her open legs seeing and feeling her crotch pressing against her erection. After awhile she cupped her breasts and offered them to his mouth. Ray suckled at them like a baby cub and Kate tossed her head back drifting her eyes close and smiling gleefully as the tingling sensation engulfed her. While devouring as much flesh as he could, his hands shaped the contour of her sides down to the thighs and slid up underneath her short skirt up to her bottom, kneading the supple flesh, and fiddling the edges of her thong. It was also then that his fingers slid between her legs from behind and felt the heat of her arousal through her thong. His fingers went bolder, jolting her a little bit as he slipped them inside the thong and skimmed the warm moistness of her hidden lips.

Kate broke away from his mouth and pushed Ray down flat on the mattress. She nuzzled her lips into his ear and whispered: "You naughty boy. I want you to fuck me all day long, and I'll lick your cock and suck your ball bags until you scream." She meant all this kind of stuff but said very, very quietly so that he could hardly hear it, and very girlishly, too, so that it sounded like sweet nothings. He just kind of blew out his cheeks and said, "Wow." 

Kate sat astride his hips and pressed her hands on his chest. Sitting on the bulge of his pants, she began rotating her hips over it feeling under her cunt that he was growing still, until his pants could hardly hold it in. Ray groaned deep in his throat. 

"Let's loose this shirt," Kate said and began unbuttoning his shirt. He sat up and shucked off the shirt. Then Kate pulled his undershirt up but stopped midway in his face, the bunch of folds covering his eyes as she intended to do. She pushed down his raised arms and pinned down his wrists over his head with her hands. She kissed him quick on the lips and then flicked her tongue back and forth between his nipples, biting him softly with her teeth. 

"Hey, I can't see you," he uttered with tickled laughter.

"Good. Stay that way and don't move," she ordered looking at his hard chest with just a little bit of hair in the center that trails down his navel and disappears into his shorts. Sliding off from his bulge her fingers began unbuckling his belt, twisting the waist button, and pulled down the zipper of his shorts. Once opened, she scooted down to his legs while pulling his shorts off his feet like she was a doctor in the emergency room. Seeing the raging bulge underneath his pristine white briefs, she was compelled to smooth and rotate it with her palm and then without warning extricated his hardness through the fly. The heat of his male hardness titillated her hand.

"Oh Jesus, you don't waste time, do you?" Ray muttered. 

"Sex first before talking," he heard her say and after a moment he felt her tongue licked up the underside of his shaft and upon reaching the head, she licked around the ridge. The tip of her tongue darted back and forth between her caressing lips, rubbing the sensitive flesh beneath. 

Ray could no longer stay deprived of the visual image of what she was doing and started pulling up his shirt entirely by himself. Lifting his head, he watched how she took his cock into her mouth, trying to get as deep as she could, turning her head sideways so that he could see how it made her cheek bulge out.

When Kate slipped it out of her mouth, it left an audible 'pop', and his cock shuddered like it was a diving board that was just bounced off. 

"Like it lover boy?" she said as she began stroking it up and down with her hand varying her strokes with a rotating grip.

"Arrghh!" It was all Ray could express.

Then Kate sandwiched his jumbo cock in between her breasts. 

"Wow, it's huge, I didn't realize you're a stud." 

Pre-cum oozed out of the head and Kate stuck out her long tongue and scooped it up by the tip. This was followed by a down stroke of her hand and just upon reaching the base her mouth took over once again. Ray was actually groaning and judging by the look on his face, he was going to heaven. 
