 Rekha was literally shocked reading the email from the new client. She decided to let her body decide if she wanted to go ahead with this client or not. She contemplated his request over and over again. The more she contemplated, the more color rushed up her cheek. It was finalised that she was going to take the new job. After all she was always a game for any kind of a challenge.

She re-read the email, trying to make heads and tails of the request. 

It read - "You only get paid, if you are the better whore. I will respect your limits."

It obviously meant that she would not be the only one present, she would be compared with other(s) and she would have to do things, maybe beyond her comfort level even, to prove she was the best. 

She replied to his email - "If I am proved to be the bigger whore than whom so ever you are comparing me with, what will be my payment?"

She felt damn horny typing the reply. She knew it, internally, that she was going for the job but still wanted to see what he replied. 

The reply read like this - "I have quite a whore with me. If you prove her to be a worthless one, I will write you a blank cheque."

The whole idea made her tingle with excitement. She had always loved a healthy competition. 

Rekha replied back - "When, where and for how many days do we meet?"

She received an email, along with a cyber ticket and details of the trip. She was impressed with his meticulous planning. 

She sat down on the internet to know all the details about place, weather etc at this time of the year. She could not afford to leave anything to chance. Only two things were left now. One was to pack her luggage. The other one was a bit of a typical thing, it was to convey an excuse to her husband for being away from home for three days. She decided not to get too entangled in the web of lies so she just told him that she was going away for 3-4 days. He replied back that he was happy for her and that she should take this break. Not just take the break but the make the most of it as well. A smile lit up her face reading his message. She definitely planned to make more than most of it. 

The day finally arrived. She took the flight to Goa. She was mildly disappointed as she had thought that she would meet the prospective customer at the airport or during the flight to Goa. She was picked up at the Goa airport and duly dropped off at a grand villa.

The villa was located in South Goa, famous for its white sand beaches. The beach was only 20 meters away from the villa. One could clearly see that the villa had a Portuguese influence to its construction style. There was no population around the villa. On inquiring with the staff, she came to know that the land was owned by their master. The whole place had a certain aura to it. The place was tastefully decorated and was carefully designed as well. You could say that the guy had an eye for beauty. Rekha was much impressed.

To get a better idea of the place, she went all the way to the top of the roof. A smile came up her beautiful face as the attendant told her about the servant quarters. It was quite a distance away from the main building. It seems this place was regularly used for the needs of the physical kind. She was impressed to see a very well maintained swimming pool. The deck next to the pool served as a step over to the beach. In short, it was a place any person would simply love who liked privacy, seclusion and relaxing. She bunched her hairs into a bun as she faced the sea. The breeze was quite strong. The sea looked rough but very beautiful at the same time. She was totally mesmerized by the view her eyes were savoring. 

She could not help but go close to the sea. The attendant warned her not to venture into the sea as it was quite rough and the currents would be very strong. She just wanted to feel the sea waves splashing against her feet. The attendant maintained his distance but did not let her out of his eye sight. 

Everything about this place oozed a certain class. A thing she always loved and desired. Her mind was anticipating much to meet this guy and her so called competitor(s). 

Within a matter of minutes, a relaxing pool chair was setup for her alongwith fresh juices and fruits. She felt like a queen being taken care of. She wanted to know when she would have the company of the owner of the house but refrained from asking as it would give an otherwise impression of her. She was supposed to be here for 3 days but was tempted to stay here for a life time. Lost in her thoughts, she drifted into sleep. 

She awoke to a feeling that someone was stroking her hairs. Was it a dream or happening for real?

Certain laziness had swept over her. Laziness would be a wrong term. The correct term would be deep relaxation. She was sure it must have been a dream. She giggled like a young, small girl as she stretched. Her stretching was cut short as she saw a silhouette of a person standing next to her. The sun had set and it was next to impossible to make out his features. She strained her eyes a lot but she still could not. 

She could not help but notice the lights in the background. The whole place looked like heaven, nothing less. She lazily made her way up and stood in front of the stranger.

Rekha: "Hi, I am Rekha."

He offered her his hands, said "John here."

The voice was deep. It made her go into a small flashback. She remembered the good old school days when she would get lost in her world of fantasies imagining the new teacher (who had a very deep voice). She had spent so many nights imagining him. A smile came up her face imagining spending the next 3 days with this deep voiced stud.

He took her hands into his and walked towards the sea shore. The strong breeze, sound of rough waves lashing, her hands in hand with a stranger with a deep voice and an element of surprise made it the most worthwhile place to be. She grasped his hands tighter as their feet embraced the waters from the sea. Her body was simply responding to the situations nature was throwing at her. 

She felt a deep surge from within to kiss the stranger but decided to control it for the moment. The settings so happened that nothing mattered to her at the moment, not even her so called limits. She felt his hands leaving hers and slide onto her waist. She reciprocated likewise. His hands gently felt her waist. The feelings were absolutely beyond her control. The need to kiss overwhelmed her. She kissed his shoulder. Her heart beat like a boom box as she felt his hands slide a shade down on to her ass cheeks. She was like putty in his hands, waiting to be given a shape. 

He undid his shirt and guided her hands on to his chest. She was totally out of control to feel his well toned body - a rare specimen which only existed in fantasies. She just hoped that he had equally hot looks to his face as well. However, at the moment, she did not care about anything else but what was happening between them. He pulled her up close to his chest so she faced him. Even in the night of the new moon, she felt shy to face him. She hid her face in his chest. His masculine smells overwhelmed her with such deep feelings that she found herself desiring more. She could make out quite clearly that he had strong arms. Maybe he was one of those bodybuilding kinds of guy. 

She found herself being strangely attracted to this guy. She could not help but kiss his chest. One thing led to another and she was licking his nipples in no time. His strong hands felt her back and ass as she licked his nipples. She playfully bit his nipples which unleashed an animal in him. 

She understood, for the first time, what kind of an animal he was. She heard him unzip his pants. Her body was on fire already and the unzipping did nothing but add more fuel to it. He took her in his arms and pulled her up in his arms as if she weighed nothing. In that motion, he brought her close and whispered in her ears "part your panties for me whore". Rekha was so glad for the darkness around. His deep voice hit her cunt, almost. Before she could realize what was happening, she felt the head on his penis touching the lips of her cunt. She could not help but moan out loud. It was an awkward moment for her when she became aware that she was moaning so loudly. She stopped moaning suddenly. 

John, holding her in his powerful arms, brought her up close to his ears and said "Rekha, moan my name out loud as I fuck you."

Rekha's cunt released fresh round of juices on his dick. John could not help but lower her on to the beach. His penis was still inside her, waves now lashing against their bodies. His pelvic motions were strong and got stronger when waves lashed against their feet. He was in rhythm with the sea waves. Rekha could not help but moan out loud his name. He became quite an animal hearing her guttural moans. He started to tear her cunt apart with his fast, well paced strokes. Rekha felt her body shivering with passions like never before. 

John: "Rekha, I am so glad I chose you."

Rekha was totally lost hearing his words. He increased his pace as he felt her fingers tighten around his wrist. He was a dream lover indeed. Rekha moaned out his name endlessly as she felt her body getting close to a mind shattering orgasm. The more she took his name, the harder his strokes became. She just hoped and wished that he continued his raw stroking for just a few minutes more. She felt her cunt was on a fire like never before. Was it her desires or the effect salt water from the sea?

John: "Rekha, I want you on top now."

He did not ask for her permission. He just rolled her over. Rekha was sitting on top of his penis. Her hands instinctively went back to cup his testicles as she slid down on his throbbing dick. It was John's turn to moan her name wildly. The more he took her name, the harder her cunt grasped his penis. The harder her cunt stroked his penis, the more he took her name. It was a cyclic thing to happen. But again, no one was complaining. Rekha's legs shivered as she was about to explode. John just held her legs firm so she went through with it smoothly. Rekha took his dick all the way in and started to move her hips rhythmically. John knew it was just a matter of seconds. She gently went all the way out. His dick throbbed in anticipation. A wave lashed at that very moment into them. Unleashing renewed passions. She let his dick inside her cunt but only about 2 inches into her. She started to move in and out slow in that position. She loved it much when the knob simulated her cunt. Rekha placed her hands on his chest for support. She could not help but dig her nails into his chest as she felt his warm jets of semen fill her cunt up. They both lay down side by side besides each other as waves after waves lashed their bodies. 

Rekha recollected the events that had just happened. Something was not right. 

Rekha: "John, who is Jaya?"

John was amused that he had not told her the details relating to Jaya. How could she know about it?

Rekha: "It seems you desire her much. You took her name while making love to me."

John told her the details. Rekha was a bit disturbed hearing the details. Jaya fitted the details of her best friend, the very same friend who was responsible for her adventures into the virtual world and then on to becoming a whore. She was her best friend as well. It would be very embarrassing to face her in a situation like this. 

She could not help but giggle. If she was the very same Jaya then both the best friends would be once again competing against each other. It was so very much like college days were they would always, inevitably, be pitted against each other. It never mattered to them as long as either one of them won. Academics, extracurricular activities, sports, dance shows, beauty pageant competitions, inter college competitions - one would find both of them competing to win. Rekha hoped that their spirits remained the same now as well. Today she was competition and Rekha always loved a healthy competition. She had to forcibly stop herself from over thinking. It could very well be that the girl in discussion was not her friend as well. 

Rekha: "John, How will you define who is a better whore? Is there any parameter in your mind?"

John: "I guess it will be clear when these 3 days are over. Just be your natural self and let's see how things go."

The night was suddenly filled with the faint, sweet sound of anklet bells. A part of her was looking forward to the competitor and a part was mildly anxious as well. After all, the question was that of reputation. What if she lost to the other whore(s)? Rekha took a few deep breaths and decided that she was not going to stoop down to win. Even if she lost, she did not want to lose her self-image besides a stay in this paradise for 3 days would be enough for her payment. So it was basically a win-win situation for her. 

Jaya called out for John, asking for directions. His property was way too big and the new moon night was not helping her much. Rekha recognized the voice instantly. It was her best friend indeed. She was laughing internally imagining Jaya's reaction when she would come to know about her. 

Rekha stopped herself for a moment and tried to recollect every single thing about Jaya. People do change over a period of time but she knew her ins and outs in the college days. People, their husbands as well, who knew them would never be able to imagine such big changes in both the girls.

Rekha was absolutely confident since she knew that Jaya was her so called competition. The only two sounds that were audible in the night were that of the rough sea waves lashing onto the shore and Jaya's anklet bells. 

John got up to meet her. Rekha just turned to her side to see the two of them meet. They met more like lovers lost. The new sounds of them kissing, gentle moans and feeling each other could be heard, besides the sound of the rough waves. Rekha's eyes gleamed as an idea came to her mind. 

Rekha quite patiently waited to execute the plan which had just sprung into her naughty mind. She was waiting for a perfect time to make her entry. Rekha got up at the very moment, Jaya went down on her knees (do I need to tell why she got down on her knees?). They both were lost in their world of lust as Rekha joined them. 

Knowing John and his sex appetite, Jaya knew that he would have had an intercourse with the other whore. John had told Jaya about the competition and payment arrangements with the other whore. Jaya needed to bring her top game on to get him back on to her side. She slowly started to kiss his legs. As if he was a king who was being honored, taken care of and made love to. The foreplay was important as his limp dick would require a lot of attention to spring back to erection. Jaya had spent a lot of time with him and knew all about his soft spots. She stimulated them quite easily. She suddenly sensed the presence of the other girl around them. 

Rekha let her fingers linger on his toned back and let her finger go down all the way to his hips. She felt him quite leisurely while Jaya was giving him the blowjob. John had never been in such a position before. Rekha peeled off her top and stuck her bare breasts on his back - her nipples poking on his back but how would he know that. She teased him a lot with her bare boobs. John was confused whom to give more attention. He loved the blowjob Jaya was giving. Rekha's teasing was taking it to a whole new level. He wanted both of them at exactly the position they were in. Knowing Jaya more than nicely, Rekha knew that Jaya would not let him cum inside her mouth and she planned to take advantage of that. Rekha knew about it from her college gossips and hoped that she had not changed. Jaya, indeed, had not changed. She took out his penis and was now giving him a hand job instead. 

Rekha, quite naughtily, whispered into his ears: "Better switch her position with me if you want to experience something new."

John did not know what to do. He pulled up Jaya behind his back and asked her to do what Rekha was doing. Rekha was now kneeling in front of him. Her knees dug into the sand, her hands taking support on his thighs. He started to move his penis slowly in and out of her mouth. The night was now filled with a whole new level of moans and groans as Rekha let John cum inside her mouth. Not only did she let him cum inside her mouth but also swallowed every bit of it. John had never experienced such fuzzy feelings before. He was simply overwhelmed as he pulled her up to kiss her. He did not feel one drop of his cum inside her mouth as they French kissed. He did not know the reason but he was feeling like a king to know that she had swallowed his cum, all of it. After all, it was every man's dream.

They started making their way back to the cottage. It was quite evident that round one had gone to Rekha. John clung on more to Rekha, kissed her more as well while going back towards the villa. For once, he had forgotten that Jaya existed. Jaya got busy working out various permutations and combinations to beat her competitor. 

Rekha's mind was buzzing with happiness. Ideas after ideas were flowing to her mind. Her identity would be exposed to Jaya as soon as they reached the deck of the swimming pool. There were enough lights around that place. She wanted to surprise Jaya further. Rekha knew it well that once her face was exposed to Jaya, the game would go to different levels (just like the college days). Rekha wanted to keep the advantage with her for as long as possible. She could make out from the sound of the steps that Jaya was a bit behind them. She leaned into John and discussed an idea which had just stuck her mind. John was seriously astonished listening to what she just told him. He slowed down and joined Jaya while Rekha rushed herself back to the relaxing chair. 

John: "Hey Jaya, I had told u about this new whore. She is your competitor. She just drank all my cum. Will you not like to drink it too and prove that you are a better whore?"

Jaya was totally taken aback hearing his words. John knew that she did not like to do it but still he was asking her to do so. His tone was such that she felt that he cared for her and did not want to see her lagging behind the new girl. She liked the care in how voice and agreed. There is always a first time for everything. He felt quite happy to see her eagerness to prove that she was the best. He kissed her deep and hard. Their moans could be heard by Rekha quite clearly. 

Jaya: "John, you just came back there on the beach for 2 times. I think you should take some rest else you will hurt yourself. I would not like that."

John was overwhelmed by her genuine concern for his health. Rekha almost chuckled out loud imaging Jaya's disappointment when John would tell her to lick her cunt to clean the rest of the semen.

John: "I had just fucked the other whore. I am sure much of it must have leaked down on to her clothes by now but a bit of it must still be inside her cunt. Why don't you lick, whatever is left inside her cunt?"

Jaya was quite stunned to hear what John just said. She was sucked back to the memories of her college days. She remembered her best friend wanting the very same thing. Her own self imposed limits, however, did not permit her to do so then. She could not say no to John and at the same time did not want to go down on anyone's cunt. 

A few more steps and they were on the deck of the swimming pool. Jaya wanted to see who the other girl was. What did she look like? Her head instinctively turned towards the relaxing chair as the other girl addressed her. She felt a knot in her tummy hearing the words and the tone of the voice. Something was off.

Rekha: "Hi Whore."

Rekha and Jaya's eyes locked for the first time as whores. Rekha had the looks of a bitch on her face. Jaya sported more of a shocked and embarrassed look. John was kind of confused seeing the expressions on either ones face. He was looking forward for some action but instead backed out seeing the hostile looks on their faces. He was more of a third party in the whole scenario. 
