 I was a single college guy so I was always on the prowl for pussy. I did alright but it wasn't like women were throwing themselves at me; I had to put in some effort most of the time. There was the rare occasion when a woman made it clear that she was not only horny but that she was interested in having me help her address that. It happened more frequently as I got older, and the women I fraternized with got older and had fewer inhibitions and less sexual insecurity. In college, though, it was always unexpected though very highly appreciated.

I had arrived at the River Rat party with a bunch of my friends and we all spread out to mingle and see who was there so, when I spotted Catherine, I was alone and so was she. I was genuinely surprised by how her eyes lit up when she saw me because we really weren't more than acquaintances but I resisted the urge to look behind me to see if there was someone else she was excited to see and headed over to her. She was tall, meaning the same height as me so tall for a girl, with some alluring curves, her really big boobs in particular. She seemed to quite often be wearing a black miniskirt and a white v-neck t-shirt with low-top Converse sneakers. I'm sure there were other items of clothing that she wore but, maybe because that's what she was wearing that night, I always seemed to remember her dressed like that. She lived in the River dorm, where the party was being held in the basement, hence the "River Rat" theme.

We started chatting and, despite her enthusiasm upon seeing me, it didn't appear that she was drunk. We ended up grabbing a couple of beers and, even as we socialized with other partygoers, like my friends, she mostly stuck by me or found me again if we parted briefly. I was perfectly okay with this as I was not only enjoying her company but I also had always been attracted to her. Neither of us ended up getting hammered but, later in the night, we were off to one side of the basement, outside of the main crowd, kind of looking over the festivities when I slipped my arm around her. She kind of leaned on my shoulder as we continued observing but I couldn't resist dropping my hand down to caress her ass and she didn't stop me when I did. It took me a moment as I ran my hand over the soft smoothness of her ass cheeks but I realized that there were no telltale indications of panties of any kind.

"You're not wearing panties, are you?" I finally asked.

"I could tell you," she replied, with a mischievous look in her eye, "but there are a lot more fun ways for you to find out."

"As long as I'd be heading down there to confirm one way or the other," I said, "would you have any objection to me licking your pussy?"

"We should head upstairs to my room," she replied, "like right now."

We headed casually toward the elevator and were pleased to find ourselves riding it alone. We slipped into each other's arms and made out during the short ride to her floor. Once the doors opened, she took my hand and led me down the hall to her room, locking the door behind us once we were inside. Like most dorm rooms, it was small, so we were standing beside her bed as we made out a little more. I ran my hands over her ass then began to hike up her skirt so I could caress the bare flesh. She obviously wasn't wearing any panties and I not only planned to make a visual confirmation but I doubt I was the only one of us anxious for me to lick her pussy.

I dropped to my knees before her and pushed her miniskirt up again to reveal a neatly groomed black bush but, as expected, no panties. As I gazed at her pussy, she sat on the edge of her bed and spread her legs while I lowered my head. I ran my tongue along her slit, tasting the abundant juices that were accumulating there, as she grabbed my head and moaned. I not only loved eating pussy but I especially loved eating a pussy I'd never eaten before so I was totally stoked. I slurped up her juices as she leaned back, relaxing and getting totally comfortable. Glancing up, I could see her amazing titties squeezed together between her arms and knew I'd have to get my cock between them before I left her dorm room, whenever that ended up being. I figured, though, that if I made her cum hard, she'd probably be a lot more open to whatever it was that would make me cum hard, too.

When I slipped a finger into her pussy, I was further stoked by how snug and slippery it was because I knew it'd feel even better to slip my cock into her. As I was sliding my finger in and out, I started to lick and suck her clit and she made it clear that she wasn't shy about expressing herself. I hadn't lived in River so I had no idea whether the walls were thin or the rooms were more soundproof than mine but Catherine made no attempt to keep her voice down and, if anyone was hearing her, there would be no doubt that she was experiencing a great deal of pleasure. Of course I wasn't concerned about this myself and actually appreciated the feedback to let me know that what I was doing was having the desired effect. When she started rocking her hips as she continued moaning, this made it even clearer that she was headed toward an orgasm so I didn't change any part of my technique.

She started to tense up, sitting up slightly, as she was apparently right on the verge of cumming but, once she was there, she went completely limp and her body started shaking. I continued to eat her as she was cumming, feeling a fresh flow of lubrication around my still pumping finger. Her orgasm appeared to be a long and intensely pleasurable one, which of course had been my goal. Only when she finally went still and quiet did I slip my finger out of her pussy and into my mouth as I raised my head. I was alternately gazing at her exposed pussy and her still covered titties as she recovered. When she finally opened her eyes, she smiled down at me then had me stand as she sat up. She immediately began to open my jeans then worked them and my underwear down until my rigid cock sprung out. She gripped it and gently pumped it before briefly engulfing it in her hot mouth, which felt so good that I was afraid I might cum immediately.

Rather than blowing me until I spewed, she instead took my jeans and underwear the rest of the way down as I stripped off my shirt. Once I stepped out of my shoes, I kicked my jeans and underwear aside, leaving me naked. She then stood and pushed her miniskirt down, since it apparently had just an elastic waistband, then pulled her t-shirt up and off. Her bra was cut pretty low so her cleavage looked absolutely incredible. I reached out to fondle her tits through her bra while she reached back to unfasten it. As she let it slide down her arms and her tits were fully revealed, I thought my eyes might pop right out of my head. They were spectacular but I didn't just admire them, I continued to fondle the soft, smooth flesh while my palms passed over her hard, thick nipples. She let her bra drop to the floor and I lowered my head to lick and suck her nipples while still caressing her succulent tits. She indulged me briefly then took my face in her hands and brought me back up to kiss me. We made out a little more standing there naked before she turned to grab a condom from a nearby drawer.

"You get to be on the bottom," she said as she tossed the wrapper while I was rolling the condom onto my throbbing cock. I was perfectly fine with this arrangement because, not only did I expect being on the bottom to help out my staying power, but it would also give me continued access to her succulent boobs. I lay in the middle of her narrow bed and watched her boobs bouncing and swaying as she straddled me. I guided my cock to her pussy and she lowered herself down on it, both of us moaning. She was both incredibly snug and incredibly slick so I easily slipped into her while feeling her pussy grip my tool. She sat there for a moment, just feeling me inside her, so I reached up to caress her tits some more.

When she started slowly moving up and down on my cock, the feeling was absolutely incredible, even through the condom. As I continued to fondle her tits, I was pushing up into her each time she lowered herself down, giving her as much of my length as I could. She gradually increased her pace and we got a really nice rhythm going. When I could drag my gaze away from her succulent tits, I'd look up at her face and see that her expression was indicating that she was experiencing a great deal of pleasure and that she was quite happy about it. I was glad, not only because I definitely wanted her to experience a great deal of pleasure, but also because I was hopeful that this wouldn't be my only opportunity to get naked with her. I figured the more pleasure she experienced, the greater the odds for a return invitation.

As she continued to gradually pick up her pace even more, she reached a point where her boobs were bouncing enticingly so I moved my hands away from them so that I could watch. I reached around to caress her soft, smooth ass while her bouncing boobs nearly hypnotized me. She was moaning louder and longer as she rode me even harder and faster while I was still pushing up into her each time she came down. I was absolutely savoring the feel of her pussy moving up and down my cock but, partly due to the position and partly due to the condom, I wasn't quite approaching my own orgasm yet. She was clearly getting closer to one, though, which became even more obvious when her pace abruptly slowed down. It was only a moment later when she gasped and started shaking while continuing to slowly ride my cock.

Her orgasm appeared to be highly pleasurable based on the expression on her face. Since she'd slowed down enough that her titties had ceased bouncing, I'd brought my hands back around from her ass to fondle them some more while my gaze shifted up to her face. I don't know if my fondling her tits drew out the pleasure she was feeling or if it was just due to her slowly continuing to ride my cock, but her orgasm seemed to go on pretty long. Of course I had no issue with that, not only because the slower pace would probably help me to last even longer, but more because I wanted her experiencing a great deal of pleasure for as long as possible. When she finally appeared to have finished cumming, she opened her eyes and smiled down at me while sitting still with my cock fully embedded in her.

"Well that was even better than I expected," she said, "Feel like switching things up?"

"Sure," I replied, "What do you have in mind?"

She climbed off of me and, standing beside the bed, helped me up, briefly kissing me before climbing back onto her bed on all-fours. I didn't need any further instructions and was quickly positioned behind her on my knees. I ran my hands over her ass before guiding my cock toward her pussy and easing it in until my hips were touching her ass, both of us moaning. Holding her waist, I started to slowly slide my cock in and out of her snug, slippery pussy. I couldn't see her face, or her tits for that matter, in this position but her pussy didn't feel any less amazing and now I could admire her ass. Once we had a good rhythm going, however, I reached forward and hefted her big tits in my hands. I think my cock may have become even harder as I felt their weight and the soft, smooth flesh. She did start pushing back harder at about that point so, even though she'd just cum and I didn't really feel any pressure to make sure she came again, I figured if there was a possibility, I'd do what I could to make sure she got there again. I considered trying to reach down and caress her clit but I couldn't seem to make myself release either of her tits, though as it turned out it didn't matter.

Before I could bring myself to release one of her tits, she reached back and began to massage her clit herself. Her pussy already felt incredible but, when she started to caress her own clit while I was fucking her and playing with her tits, it seemed to become not only wetter but even more snug at the same time, if that was even possible. As I continued to fuck her while she pushed back against my incoming thrusts, I could now definitely feel my orgasm building because it felt even more amazing. I ended up straightening up again and holding her hips so that I could pull back as I thrust into her to make sure I was getting as deep into her sweet pussy as I could manage. My orgasm continued to build with an increasing amount of pleasure and, though I hoped she'd cum again, I was starting to think that I'd be cumming before she quite got there. It was definitely an occasion where I was more than happy to be wrong.

She gave a shove backwards then just held there with my cock fully embedded inside her. Just a brief moment later she let out a cry of pleasure and started shaking. I went ahead and thrust into her a few more times as she was cumming but, since she had cum a second time and my orgasm was backing off a little, I decided to finish up another way. It appeared to be another long and intensely pleasurable orgasm as far as I could tell and, only once I was absolutely sure that she'd finished cumming, I slipped out of her. I had her roll onto her back then, rather than mounting her missionary as it appeared she was expecting, I moved up to straddle her ribs and slipped off the condom. I lay my throbbing cock between her succulent tits then squeezed them together against it.

By this point, of course, she was fully aware of what I was planning and, although I doubted it was going to do much for her, she didn't protest. When I started to slide my cock between her tits, I couldn't help but moan because the soft, smooth flesh felt outstanding and that made her smile. She was watching as my cockhead peeked repeatedly from between her tits as I fucked them while I was looking down at her succulent tits, admiring her large areolas as my thumbs lightly brushed her hard, thick nipples. It wasn't my first time fucking a big pair of tits but Catherine's were, by far, the nicest I'd ever fucked. It was probably the most relaxed I'd ever felt while tit-fucking as well since she'd already cum twice. It didn't take long before my orgasm was beginning to build up again and I was gradually increasing my pace but by no means fucking her tits hard or fast. She must have realized that this meant I was getting close because she started to open her mouth and stick out her tongue, as though to catch my spew once it started spewing. There was definitely a much better way to make sure she got to taste some, though.

I continued to slowly fuck her tits as my orgasm was building but, before I got too close to cumming, I released her tits and moved forward, aiming my cock at her mouth. She grabbed the base and wrapped her lips around my shaft, inhaling nearly my full length. Fucking her luscious tits had felt amazing and fucking her hot, wet pussy had felt amazing but fucking her mouth felt equally amazing. If I'd had to choose just one, I don't know that I could have but, since I didn't, I just enjoyed the pleasure of her cocksucking as my orgasm continued to build. Looking down and watching her as my cock disappeared between her lips got me even more aroused and my cock became even thicker the longer she was sucking it. This didn't affect her cocksucking, though, and she continued to slide her lips up and down my shaft while gently pumping the base.

I couldn't help but slightly push my cock toward her face as I was getting closer to cumming even though she was doing a commendable job of cocksucking. She didn't seem put off by it, though, and just continued to skillfully blow me. I was bracing myself on the wall over her bed while still watching my cock disappearing into her mouth. Although I'd love to have fucked her mouth for much longer, the fact that I'd lasted as long as I had, and had fucked her pussy in two different positions as well as fucking her tits, I had nothing to complain about, for sure. I was moaning even more the closer I got to cumming which I think cued her to focus more on getting me the rest of the way there rather than trying to draw out the pleasure any longer.

When I finally started blasting into her mouth, she swallowed my load while continuing to suck me off. It was an intensely pleasurable orgasm and it seemed like I spewed a lot longer than I was expecting to. She swallowed it all and only stopped sucking me off when I was completely spent. I moved back and climbed off of her then squeezed between her and the wall on her narrow bed. We just lay there for a couple of minutes, not saying anything as we both recovered from an incredible sexual experience together.

"That was incredible," she finally said.

"You're absolutely right about that," I replied, "We should do this all the time."

"I can't even remember the last time someone else made me cum," she continued, "and I'm certain that it wasn't that much or that good."

"So what are you saying," I asked, smiling at her, "that you enjoyed yourself?"

"You bet your ass I enjoyed myself," she replied, pulling me toward her to kiss me, "and I think that you're right that we should do this all the time."

It was really late at that point so we ended up dozing off before we recovered enough to do anything else. At some point Catherine got up and turned out the light so we slept until the sun woke us up the next morning. We spent most of that day naked and experimenting with different ways to pleasure each other. After that, we'd spend as much time naked together as we could without neglecting our studies.