 All characters are 18+ years of age. Thanks for reading!

*****

"Hey, Chandler." Taylor said, as she walked into the RA office to start her shift.

"Hi, Taylor." Chandler replied.

He stood up and put his phone in his back pocket before reaching down to grab his keys and sweatshirt off the desk he had been seated at.

"She's all yours. Have fun." He called out as he left the office and headed back to his dorm.

"Yeah, sure..." Taylor muttered under her breath.

She liked being an RA. It meant that she got a whole dorm to herself and she got a tuition reduction. However, there was one part of it that she wasn't so keen on. Every RA, (there were ten per dorm building) had to take shifts at the front office. Today, Taylor had the worst shift. She was scheduled for the night shift, which meant she would be stuck at this desk from 9:00 p.m. until 3:00 a.m. And on top of that, it was a Saturday night and this was the last way that she wanted to spend it. She glanced at the clock above the door.

'Great,' she thought. 'Five minutes down, thirty years to go.'

The first few hours were the busiest for Taylor. Any students entering the building after 10:30 were required to check in at the RA office. No one knew why really because it didn't mean anything if you were past 10:30 or not. It just meant that the RA on duty would have to type in a couple hundred student ID numbers for no reason. After midnight, though, things began to slow down. Taylor had found that from 12:30 to about three in the morning was a bit of a dead spot. The kids who weren't partying had already come in and the kids who were partying wouldn't be back until after her shift ended at 3:00.

Taylor only had to check in five kids for the next hour and figured her remaining time would probably be easy. She had become buried in her phone long ago and was pretty much checked out at this point.

"Check in." She called out, absentmindedly, as she saw the door open and someone come through.

She didn't really focus on them until the person stumbled through the office door. She looked up at the newcomer and realized quickly that he was quite drunk. He looked about ready to collapse right there and start snoring on the floor.

"Hellooo there, ma'am. Didjyou juss call me?" He slurred.

"I need you to check in." Taylor replied. "What's your student ID?"

"I don' have no ID number!" he said, loudly.

Taylor sighed.

"Every student has an ID number. Do you have your wallet? Keys? Anything?" She asked.

"Nope, I don'need those things." He said, teetering slightly.

"Fine," Taylor said, beginning to get annoyed. "What's your name? I'll look you up. And sit down before you fall and break your neck"

"I'm Zak." He replied and took a seat in one of the chairs lined against the wall.

"Zak...Zak what?" She asked.

"Zak." Was the only reply she got.

"I need your last name, too...hello...Yo!" She snapped and looked up from the computer on the desk.

Zak was passed out in the chair, head slumped forward and slouching down slightly. Taylor sighed and rested her head in her hands. She had two options right now. She could either help him back to his room and not mention the incident or she could call the campus police and have them take care of him. That, however, would mean that she would have to fill out a bunch of paperwork for the incident report and she would also be getting the guy in trouble. None of the RA's liked getting people in trouble. It just made people like them less. She finally decided to help him back to his room and not mention the incident to the head RA.

Taylor walked around the desk to try to wake him. For the first time, she got a good look at the guy. He was quite handsome, with short black hair and a rock-hard jawline. He had a bit of stubble on his face. It wasn't quite a beard but he obviously hadn't shaved in a few days. She tapped him on the shoulder and he groaned and opened his bloodshot eyes a crack.

"Come on I'm gonna help you to your room." She told him and helped pull him clumsily to his feet. Taylor was a shirt girl at 5'2 but he stood a good foot taller than her and she guessed he weighed close to double her 110 pounds. She suddenly had her doubts about her being able to get him to his room, but he seemed to be able to support most of his own weight with his arm around her neck. She wrapped her arm around his waist to help keep him up as well. She could feel his solid abs through his shirt and the arm around her shoulders felt like a steel beam of muscle. She gave his abs a quick rub before starting to lead him outside.

Taylor had just gotten the two of them out of the office when she realized that she still had no idea where his room was and also had no keys to get in there. Only the head RA had a master key to access any dorm. What was she supposed to do now? She couldn't just leave him here. If someone found out that she had just left a drunk student passed out in the office, she would be toast. 

Taylor looked all around her and her eyes suddenly fell on her own dorm room which was about halfway down one of the hallways on the first floor. With no other options, she began to half-carry him to her room. She figured she could let him sleep there a little while until he was sober enough that he could get himself back to his own dorm.

The two of them reached her door and Taylor leaned the guy against the wall while she unlocked the door. Eventually, she managed to get him inside the room and onto her bed. He immediately went back to sleeping as soon as he lay down. Taylor took a deep breath and stretched her sore muscles. Her back arched, pushing out her breasts as her stiff spine cracked a couple times. With one last glance at the cute guy sleeping in her bed, Taylor closed the door to her room and walked back to the RA office to finish her shift.

3:00 a.m. finally came which meant that Taylor's shift was up. Hers was the last one of the night so she collected her drawstring backpack and phone before closing and locking the office door behind her. She anxiously walked back down the hallway to her room. She hoped the guy was awake by now and she could send him off to his own dorm, but it had only been about two hours since he had gone to sleep so she doubted that he would be anywhere near awake.

Sure enough, when Taylor opened the room, he was still passed out on her bed. He had shifted from his side to his back and his t-shirt was now in a crumpled heap on the floor. Taylor picked up the shirt and folded it neatly and placed it on her dresser at the foot of her bed. Her gaze lingered at his muscular chest for a few moments before she turned back to her own desk and put her bag on top of it.

Taylor yawned and realized she was exhausted. Because she had a single room, she had only one bed which meant there had been room for couch. She had brought an old one from her parents' basement in the back of her dad's truck and, with his help, managed to get it in her room. It was a place for people to sit when friends came over. She wished now that she had dumped Zak onto the couch so that she could sleep in her bed but that was something she hadn't thought about at the time. Instead she took a spare sheet out from her bottom dresser drawer and stretched out on the sofa.

Taylor awoke to sunlight flowing through the spaces in between the window blinds. She squinted at her alarm clock across the room on her night stand. 9:26 flashed across the screen in big red numbers. She yawned and stretched before swinging her legs around into a seated position on the couch. She pushed the sheet aside into a ball on the end of the sofa and stood up. To her dismay, the guy in her bed was still there and still sleeping deep as ever, it seemed. She walked slowly towards the side of the bed and prodded at his shoulder to see if he would wake.

"Hey," She called, quietly. "You had enough sleep?"

There was no response or even an acknowledgement of her actions. Taylor's eyes began to roam over his body. She could see little wrong with it. He had a beautifully sculpted torso that looked like one of the statues over at the arts and literature department had come to life. His face looked as handsome as she had thought it last night and his lips were parted a bit. He was wearing some khaki shorts that many of the college guys around here wore and they hugged his hips gloriously. Taylor couldn't help herself. Her hands seemed to move of their own accord. 

She reached up and stroked her palms over his chest and stomach, feeling the solid build of his upper body. Slowly, her hands began to make their way down, past his beltline and to his thighs. His legs were built just as muscular as the rest of him was. Taylor moved her hands a bit lower until they were resting on her crotch. She caught her breath a little as her fingers felt a large bulge through the fabric. She had never felt one that large before and couldn't believe her own mind.

'I must be over estimating the size.' Taylor thought to herself. 'I can't see it so I'm imagining it bigger than it really is.'

But curiously got the better of her and soon, she had undone his belt and was slowly unzipping his pants. With one hand, she lifted the elastic waistband of his boxers and reached inside with other. Her eyes went to his face to ensure that he was still sleeping but she immediately turned back down when she felt her fingers close around the soft penis within. She pulled the elastic band down and brought his shaft into view.

Taylor's hand flew to cover her mouth as a gasp left her lips. He was HUGE. He was still soft and was almost six inches. God knows what he would grow to when fully erect. Not only was he long, Taylor noticed, but he was also monstrously thick. His girth was nearly that of her wrist. He was far, far bigger than anything Taylor had ever experienced. She knew that. And her pussy was dripping. She couldn't break her gaze away from that delicious, sight. She knew right then, she had to taste it.

Taylor pulled off her top and dropped it on the floor next to her before pushing her skinny jeans past her wide hips and wriggling out of them. She then gingerly climbed into the bed between his spread legs. She lay down on her stomach between his legs. Her chest propped up by her large breasts. In this position, his groin was directly in front of her face and she had easy access for her mouth. She yanked the elastic band of his boxers down a few inches and now he was out in the open for her to play with.

She started off slow, just cupping his balls with one hand and breathing her hot breath along the length of his shaft. The warm air made his cock twitch and, to her delight, it began to slowly grow. Taylor reached out with her tongue and gently licked along the side of his shaft with just the tip of her tongue. She started at the base and traced all the way up to his head. Her efforts had their desired effect and soon, his penis was fully erect. It stood at full mast, throbbing and seeking more of her attention.

She brought her face down to kiss at his heavy balls and stared up at the massive fuck stick in awe. It towered above her head, dauntingly. Taylor knew it had to be a good nine inches at the very minimum. She began to place gentle kisses on the underside of his penis, slowly working her way up towards the head. When she reached the tip, she teased the underside of his head with the tip of her tongue, causing his cock to jump and twitch. Taylor kissed her way slowly back down the shaft. The throbbing piece of meat seemed to mesmerize her. Her eyes crossed as she stared at the beautiful rod she was worshipping. She heard him let out a groan in his sleep and she smiled to herself. She hoped he was having a really good dream.

xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx

Zak was having an incredible dream. He was in his English teacher, Ms. Danika's, office. She was quite the looker on campus. At this moment in his dream, his professor was on her knees in front of him. She had her lips wrapped around his head and was sucking the meanest blowjob he had ever received. Her right hand jerked off his base and shaft that wasn't occupying her mouth. The heavenly sensations were wonderful to Zak but he was semi-aware that he was dreaming. A few seconds later and the scene began quickly fading to black as he felt himself waking up.

Zak awoke, annoyed. He knew exactly what he had been dreaming and had hoped to see where it might go. His eyes fluttered open and he groaned. It was then that he realized that he still felt a soft pressure on his penis. Curious, he raised his head slightly and glanced downward. At first look, he couldn't believe his eyes. He closed them tightly and opened them again but he was still seeing the same thing.

He was laying in someone else's bed, in someone else's room. His pants were undone and his boxers were pulled down a bit. laying snuggled between the V of his legs, was a girl. A pretty girl. A VERY pretty girl, one whom he had never met let alone seen before. She was clad in only her underwear; a pair of black bra and panties. Her long, dirty blonde hair was fanned out a bit on her shoulders and his thighs, but he could see her ample cleavage resting just below his balls. Behind her, he could see the large curve of her ass rising up from her backside. This girl was a knockout. Downright sexy.

Currently she was rubbing her mouth up and down the side of his shaft. Her soft, plush lips gently caressed his penis and the bit of warm air escaping her mouth sent shivers running up his body. She looked up at him and noticed his eyes were open. Her eyes slowly widened and she slowly removed her lips and wet them with her tongue.

"Who are...?" Zak began.

"Shhh...just...please." the girl said hesitantly, her eyes pleading with him to stay. 

Zak swallowed, unsure of what to do, but he remained laying down and just watched her in disbelief. The girl held eye contact for a few seconds longer before returning her attention to the steel shaft in front of her. She kissed his balls and ran her tongue up the side of his shaft, moving at the speed of a glacier. The speed of her movements was almost torture for Zak. He twitched and tremors ran up his spine as her warm, wet tongue caressed his rod.

When she reached the top, she ever so slowly wrapped her lips around the head and gently sucked it into her mouth. She swirled her tongue teasingly around him in her mouth a few times before pulling off with an audible pop. The girl took his cock in her hand and calmly stroked, spreading the saliva down the full length of it. Her head lowered down and she sucked his right ball into her mouth as her hand continued its unhurried motion.

Zak let out a groan. He had been several girls at college, but he had never experienced anything close to what this girl was doing to him. Her deliberate and precise movements and actions had him quivering with sexual tension and pleasure. He couldn't even remember seeing a porn star with the finesse that she was exhibiting. The girl gripped the base of his penis and spit a pool of saliva onto his head before rubbing it in and lubing his entire shaft.

Zak had no clue what she would do next but he could hardly contain his need. The girl pulled herself forward into his lap a bit more. She gripped her large breasts and lifted them up so that they were directly over his iron rod. She lowered her chest and his penis went under her bra and nestled snugly in the valley between her tits. His long cock poked up through her cleavage and pointed towards her mouth. The girl took her boobs in her hands and began to massage his dick with them. Her head bent down and she engulfed his protruding length in her mouth.

The girl proceeded to give him the best titfuck that he had ever received or seen in any porn video. Her luscious breasts squeezed and massaged his cock and her sweet, warm mouth bathed his tip in excruciating pleasure. She was moaning now too. The stimulation of her breasts was making her impossibly horny. Every moan sent humming vibrations straight into Zak's penis and where it was converted into pleasure and sent shooting off to his brain. Pre-cum leaked from the tip of his cock and was swallowed dutifully by the girl.

Eventually, when Zak was sure he would blow his load, the girl released his cockhead from her suction cup mouth and stopped bouncing her tits on his cock. Zak was so close to orgasm, he couldn't take it and tried thrusting up into the valley between her boobs. But the girl pulled her breasts completely away from him, leaving him on the very edge of orgasm with no release.

"Please...just hold out a bit longer." The girl requested.

Zak sighed and relented. His tension levels came back down without stimulation. The girl wriggled out of her panties and tossed them on the floor. She got on her knees and crawled upwards to mount his groin, his cock pressing against her nether lips. She raised herself up and aligned his rod with her hand before slowly lowering herself down onto him. Her lips spread to accommodate his thick head and then he was inside of her.

Zak had never felt a pussy so tight and perfect before. He only had about an inch or two inside of her and already he knew that this was by far the best he had ever had. She was soooo tight, it was a miracle he didn't cum right there. She gradually slid lower, accepting more and more of his thick girth into her vice-like cunt. She took about six inches before lifting herself up again and beginning to gently ride on his cock. 

Zak marveled at her breasts as they bounced with her movements. He reached up and pulled her bra up and over them to reveal their perfect glory to his disbelieving eyes. Now free, they jiggled and bounced around even more as the girl began to pick up the pace. He lightly pinched her nipple, tweaking it and rolling it between his fingers. The girl gasped and arched her back, pushing her chest into his hands. He fondled and massaged her milky tits, mesmerized by their beauty.

Suddenly the girl shrieked and gripped his left wrist tightly with her own hand. Her already tight pussy clamped down even tighter, trapping his cock in a hot, wet trap of heaven as she orgasmed. Her pretty blue eyes rolled back in her head a bit before shutting tightly. She leaned forward against him, her whole body wracked and trembling with orgasmic pleasure. Her walls contracted and squeezed in an attempt to milk Zak's cock for everything it was worse.

As her orgasm came down, the girl slumped down, exhausted and impaled on his sword. Zak could see she wasn't in much condition to continue doing most of the work and for the first time that day took charge of the encounter. His hands fell to her curvy hips and he got a good grip on them before beginning to pound her from beneath with everything he had. The girl's eyes flew open as her hyper sensitive pussy was overloaded with pleasure. Her head slumped forwards and she just stared, mouth agape at her pussy as it was drilled by this monster penis.

Zak could feel the beginnings of his orgasm coming. He had been building to this for a long time. The girl had been teasing and edging him for at least thirty minutes while he was awake and who knows how long before that. Now a few minutes in her perfect pussy was far too much for any mortal man to resist and he finally succumbed to the impending rush.

The first shot was so powerful, Zak thought a shotgun had gone off from his penis. The orgasm was so instant and so strong that he almost blacked out at first and his vision swam a bit. He gripped her tight and held her down as she ground her hips into his crotch. Load after load of cum came and flooded the girl's pussy. It felt to Zak like gallons of semen were coming from his balls and straight into her waiting cunt. The girl moaned loudly and clenched her walls down on his dick, milking one final mega shot from Zak.
