 Chapter 2: Beyond the Dorm

After her semester in the coed dorm, Rebecca moved home. She had been having too much fun in the coed dorm. Her grades were suffering, and things between her and Robert had fizzled quickly, from romance to friendship. That friendship was the best she had ever found. They told each other everything. Over Christmas break, Rebecca went out with an old friend from her high school days. He, Jonathan, had called and asked her to dinner, and, much to her surprise, at the end of the evening, kissed her goodnight. She thought it was just two friends meeting for dinner to catch up on old times. Jonathan said he was acting on an old crush. 

He'd had that crush for 5 years. She had suspected in high school, but figured that now was a different story. He had just finished boot camp, and was headed to Colorado to his Air Force Base. He wanted someone he could write home to, and tell the other guys about. They had a whirlwind romance, and 2 weeks later he was gone. Rebecca was not looking for a serious relationship, and this suited her fine. He called twice a week, and emailed short little notes daily. It was like having a boyfriend without all the fuss, and she wasn't looking for anything that would hinder her from bringing her grades back up to A's.

When the spring semester started, her schedule allowed her to eat dinner with Robert two nights a week. She had a night class those two nights, and when it was over, she would often go to his room to hang out an hour or so, and catch up on each other for the previous few days. She enjoyed her time with him, and wouldn't have missed their chats for the world. She told him about Jonathan, and he would discuss it with her, but didn't know what she wanted with a long distance relationship like that. He wasn't very sure about Jonathan either. It was strange, he had never met Jonathan, but he was convinced he wouldn't like him. Of course, he never mentioned that to Rebecca, he would just listen for a few minutes, and then change the subject. 

Jonathan was able to come home for a visit at the end of the semester. Rebecca couldn't wait for Robert to meet Jonathan. She was positive that they would get along so well. She had managed to convince two of her professors to let her take her exam early, then she and Jonathan could meet her family at the beach for the rest of the week. That night she had scheduled for Jonathan and Robert to meet. The meeting did not go as she had planned. They were like two bucks circling each other, ready to fight for their doe. She was shocked. They were insulting to each other at first, but then they just stopped talking at all. She ended the meeting quickly, and told Jonathan that she would meet him at Megan's place, for him to go ahead.

"What were you thinking," she asked Robert. She was angry that he didn't even try to be civil.

"He is a shrimp, and he acts like an idiot. He is strange, and I don't think he is right for you. I think you can do so much better," Robert replied.

"You didn't even give him a chance, not that he acted much better toward you. I am disappointed, I wanted you two to get along. I'm not happy with you, or him."

"Rebecca, I know what a great person you are, and I don't think he deserves you."

"Robert I have had enough! Only I can make that decision, and I'm not marrying him tomorrow. What does it matter, at least I'm giving him a chance, what do I have to lose?" Rebecca was hurt by his obvious disdain for Jonathan because it meant that he didn't trust her judgment. She wasn't sure why she cared so much, but it hurt her feelings anyway. She hated to leave for the summer with this between them, but it also might be good for them to get away for a little while, it might help them figure out why it was so hard for him to except someone else for her.

"I hate to leave for the summer like this. I don't want you to worry about me, and I don't want you to think that I have made a mistake, because I don't think I have." She said.

"I know, I'm sorry, lets forget it, ok? Come here, and give me a hug, and we'll leave with 'see ya soon,' ok? I'm terrible with goodbye, it sounds so final, and I will see you in August, right?" He hated to leave like this, knowing that she was upset with him, but he also wanted her to know how he felt. 

"Ok, I hope you have a great summer, give the girls in your hometown hell, but stay out of any serious trouble. And if you have any 'trouble' don't name it after me." 

"I won't, but behave yourself, and email me when you get home." He was a little nervous about the fact that she and Jonathan were spending the night together. He knew a little about their relationship, and that it hadn't included sex, but he wasn't sure exactly how far they had gone. He also knew that Rebecca was smart, and he wanted to trust her, even though he didn't trust Jonathan. He just hoped she was thinking clearly.

"I'll see you soon," she said as she hugged him hard.

"I'll see you soon, too," he replied. He pulled back and looked into her eyes and said, "be careful." He gently kissed her and then turned and walked back to his room.

His kiss floored her. It was only a peck on the lips, but it made her all hot and cold at the same time, and she wasn't sure why. She knew it was something she should forget about, she was with Jonathan now. It still bothered her, but she swore to forget it, for that night, at least.

She went on to Megan's place, and raked Jonathan over the coals for being such a jerk. He kissed her deeply, and made her forget that she was mad. They were lucky that Megan was staying at her parent's house that night, and they had the whole place to themselves. The talked late into the night, about everything, and when they weren't talking they were making out. The kissing and touching that had satisfied them in January was no longer enough. He slipped off her shirt, and removed her bra. He started to rub her nipples, making them hard, then he leaned in to kiss her left breast while his thumb teased the right. His kisses turned into nibbles, and she moaned. He turned his attention to her right, and her heart began to beat faster. His thumb replaced his mouth on her left, and he suckled her right breast as her pussy got damp from his ministrations.

She pulled his mouth up for a kiss, and said it was her turn to give him pleasure, but he wouldn't allow it, not yet. He kissed between her breasts, down her stomach. He licked her navel and a charge shot to her pussy. She moaned, and he smiled. He unbuttoned and unzipped her jeans, and removed them. She was lying on the bed in only her black satin panties. He nuzzled below her navel, and his fingers drifted over the crotch of her panties, feeling her wetness. He slowly removed her panties, and gently blew air over her damp pussy. She couldn't believe how horny she felt, she wanted his finger in her cunt, thrusting in and out, but she also knew that was as far as she wanted to go with him right now. He didn't disappoint her. His finger dipped insider her wet cunt, and moved in to his second knuckle. 

She was very tight, so he attempted two fingers, but barely had room. He wanted to feel her cunt spasm around his cock. He was so hard, and was finding it difficult to hold back until she was ready for him. While he slowly thrust his two fingers in and out of her, her started to lick and nibble her clit. It was hard, and starting stick out of its hood, she moaned as he sucked it into his mouth. He continued nibbling, sucking and thrusting, alternately switching from fast to slow to build up her desire. It wasn't long before her breathing started to labor, and she was pulling him tighter to her center of desire. He quickened his pace, and her orgasm exploded. Her cunt started to spasm around his fingers. He held them there deep within her walls while his other hand pushed against her pelvic bone just above her clit, where she had shown him it felt best. Her body came down from its high, shaking and heart racing, and he held her for a minute while she relaxed. 

"That was awesome, Jonathan!" She hadn't had an orgasm like that since her and Robert had last fooled around. She also knew it wasn't the best one she had ever had, but it wasn't self-induced, so that made it a little better. Only a little bit better.

"Well, I aim to please." He said arrogantly, with no idea as to what she was thinking.

"Now it's my turn, lay here while I take care of you," she said. 

He was positive that this night was going to end in sex. He couldn't wait. Little did he know she had other things planned. She leaned down, and finished undressing him, pulling his underwear over his tumescent cock. He was so hard for her, and he sucked in a deep breath when she took it in her hands.

"I won't last long, if you touch it much," he informed her. She knew what she was doing, and grinned up at him with a gleam in her eye.

She took the tip into her mouth, and licked it round and round the tip, slowly, and then she took just the tip into her mouth and sucked. She was aware that with just a little coaxing he would cum, so she set in to accomplish her goal. She took his whole cock into her mouth, and sucked hard as she pulled it out slowly. Then, using her tongue to tease the underside, she pulled it back into her mouth. As she started to bob up and down on him, she stayed more toward the tip of his hard cock, and used her hands to jack him off. With just a few seconds of stimulation, she felt his cock spasm as he started to cum. He moaned a deep guttural moan, as his orgasm peaked. She swallowed every drop. He was so spent, from first holding back while he gave her pleasure, and then her bringing his intense pleasure that he slowly drifted to sleep. She rolled over to her side, and slept. 

The next morning when he awoke, she had already gone to her exams. She left him a note that she would be back by 12:00, and for him to be ready to leave for the beach. Their week at the beach together was fun, but offered no moments of intimacy, with her family around them all the time. When they returned from the beach, he had one more week of leave, then he went back to Colorado. They continued to call and write, but right before she was to start her fall semester, she asked him to stop calling and writing, and told him she was tired of a long distance relationship. He didn't like it, but he did as she asked.

The day Robert was scheduled to move back on campus, she was going to visit him in his room. She couldn't wait to see him, and was a little apprehensive after their parting in May. As she neared his door, she heard the latest Reba CD playing on his stereo. She smiled, it was just like old times. She stood in his door, he had his back turned to her. She watched him while he unpacked his computer equipment, and decided to slip up on him. She snuck right up behind him, and grabbed his sides. He jumped, but turned around smiling. 

"Hey! I thought you'd never get here. I've missed you so much this summer." He was so glad to see her

"I've missed you too. Did you have a good summer?" she asked.

"Yeah, but I worked too hard."

"Me, too. Guess what."

"What??"

"You were right."

"About what?" He hoped it was about Jonathan, but he didn't want to make her mad if it wasn't about that.

"Jonathan, I was just bored, and I asked him not to contact me. By the way, what the hell was that kiss when I left?"

"Well, it was just an innocent 'see ya soon' kiss."

"Was that all it was to you?"

"It was a little more, but I just wanted you to remember that Jonathan wasn't the only guy that wanted you."

She reached up and kissed him, gently at first, but deepening the kiss. He started to kiss her back, and pulled her against his cock, his hands holding her ass. She could feel how much he missed her, and she lifted her leg up his side, so that he could feel her heat.

"Should I shut the door?" He asked, hopeful.

"Yeah, and lock it. When is Jeff coming back?" she hoped he wasn't due back until at least tomorrow.

"He won't be back before tomorrow night." He replied as he shut and locked the door. She was already sitting on the couch, waiting for him.

He sat next to her, and she straddled his thighs, pushing her cunt to his cock. She kissed hard, and he returned the kiss passionately as his hands started to roam over her body. He caressed her breasts, nipples already hard. He ended with his hands on her ass, pulling her into him again. She kissed him and stood, undressing as he watched. Then she laid on his bed. He pulled off his clothes and joined her. She spread her legs, and he kneeled in between them. She was so hot and ready for him that she pulled his cock to the entrance of her cunt. 

"I want you now! I can't wait, I've waited too long," she told him breathlessly.

He said nothing, just thrust deep inside her. He started to thrust hard and fast, and she met him thrusting her hips up. They were both so ready for this, hot animalistic sex, that it took only a minute for them to cum. He pushed into her, hard and deep, and stayed there as their orgasms erupted simultaneously. They both started to shake and neither was breathing. Their orgasms were so deep and hard that they both just laid there on the bed, saying nothing. It took 5 minutes for their breathing to slow and their heart to calm. The both were very content. Then they started to talk, about their summers, and their futures, they both knew this wasn't the end, but the beginning. They'd had bad timing before, but they knew they would ride it out, and see if it was right for them now. They both knew that if the timing wasn't right now, that they had the best friendship, and would continue to be close.