 As many of you know from some of my earlier stories, my very sexy and usually very horny wife Lissy is pregnant. I'll spare you the details, but she hasn't been feeling good at all for almost the whole time, so our once numerous fuck sessions have dropped off steeply in number and her award winning sloppy blowjobs have virtually ended. Every once in a while she still surprises me, but it's not like it used to be. If it wasn't for Lissy's mom and her best friend Tina providing some much needed release, I don't know what I would do. 

I've written about some of those experiences earlier. Well, my MIL and Tina haven't visited in a while, so I've reverted back to masturbating; sometimes watching porn, sometimes masturbating with Lissy watching and doing her seductive moans to turn me on, and other times just remembering some of my earlier sexual experiences, especially from my single days. It was one of those masturbation sessions that reminded me of a great experience I had and thought I'd share. 

It happened about two years after I had graduated from college. My sister who is three years younger than me, was attending the same college as I did, and she had invited me to come up for the weekend of Home Coming. She said I'd be able to stay with her in the dorms. I still had quite a few friends at the school and had visions of hooking up with a hot piece of college ass, so I immediately agreed, figuring that with any luck I wouldn't have to stay with my sister, which for some reason seemed a little creepy to me. 

I decided to take Friday off from work and drove up late Thursday afternoon. After supper, we went back to her dorm room to drop off my stuff and get ready for the evening. She introduced me to a bunch of her friends, many of whom were quite fuckable, and made plans to meet at the local bar in about an hour. Once in her room, she looked me square in the face and said, "I want to warn you about my roommate." 

"Ok, what about her?" I asked. 

"She's a complete slut," my sister replied bluntly. 

"Cool," I said, "the world needs more complete sluts. Where is she?" 

"No," she said, "I mean a completely filthy, nasty girl. She fucked so many guys over the past couple weeks. I'm telling you because I know how you are and I don't want you to possibly catch something from her." 

I laughed, "thanks, I appreciate the warning and will take your concern under advisement." 

"Fine, have it your way," she replied tersely. She walked to her dresser, picked up a key, and handed it to me. 

"You'll need this, I have to work tomorrow morning, so I won't be staying out late or drinking that much," she said. 

"Ok," I said, "I'll take care of drinking for you tonight. You'll be able to party tomorrow night, right?" 

"You bet your ass," she replied. 

Well, the night didn't necessarily go as planned. I got to see a bunch of my old friends, drank a lot of beer, and hit on quite a few chicks, but nothing more substantial materialized. A little before midnight my sister told me she was leaving. I made sure she had a safe way home and once I was assured she'd be ok, I resumed drinking. I was pretty much resigned to the fact that there'd be no piece of college ass tonight, so when one of my buddies said it was time for some shots, I agreed. The next thing I knew, I was lying fully clothed on top of my sleeping bag in my sister's dorm room. I got up and got a drink of water before passing out again only to be awakened in what seemed like five minutes by my sister's noisy alarm clock. She stepped over me, got dressed, and left, telling me she'd be back around noon. 

As I laid there on the floor, still slightly drunk, I became aware of the presence of another person. I could here the slow and regular breathing of someone who was asleep. I sat up, propping myself on one elbow and looked around the room. The sight that greeted me made my heart skip a beat and I was sure I was hallucinating, possibly from the massive amounts of alcohol I had consumed. Not ten feet from where I sat, my sister's roommate lay sprawled out on her bed, completely naked and sound asleep. I sat up and began to run my eyes slowly across her body; starting with her red hair, a nice face, and then to her body. And what a body it was! She looked like she weighed maybe 100 pounds, but she was nicely toned. Her boobs looked like B cups, but they were nice and perky and were more than ample for her body type. Her legs looked silky smooth and were amazingly toned; the sight of them made my cock yearn to be between her thighs. And to top it all off, her legs were slightly spread, so I had a great view of her pussy, which was almost completely shaved except for one little patch of red hair trimmed in the shape of an arrow with the point aimed at that sweetest of spots on a woman's body. Both inner thighs were also tattooed, one with a sun, the other a moon. 

Well, I was in the middle of an especially long dry spell as far as my luck with the ladies, so this was the first good-looking chick I had seen, other than those on my TV set, in a very long time. My cock was instantly hard and I could feel it tingling with delight. All sorts of thoughts ran through my mind as I sat there contemplating and drooling over Sleeping Beauty. My thoughts were complicated by my sister's warning that this girl was a "complete slut." I was pretty sure she wouldn't mind if I took some liberties, but I didn't want to risk going too far in the event she was a little more of a prude than I imagined. 

I sat up all the way and noisily cleared my throat to see if she would stir. She didn't. I crawled over to where my duffel bag was and quietly retrieved a bottle of watermelon flavored lube I had packed, just in case. She still didn't move. I stood up and hurriedly stripped down to my boxer-briefs. I squeezed some lube into my left hand, pulled down my underwear, and crept to the head of her bed. I cleared my throat one more time and she still didn't react. I applied the lube to my now extremely hard cock, mixing it in with the large drops of precum clinging to the tip. I bent my knees slightly, resting them on the edge of the bed, and thrust my hips towards her so that my cock and balls were immediately over her face and mouth. So close, in fact, that I could feel her warm breath on them. That by itself almost made me cum. Then I began to stroke my slippery cock, letting it run through my clenched fist. My thoughts raced between what it would feel like to have her lips around my rod, or how amazing it would be to have it buried in her tight little cunt, or better yet, in her ass. I kept looking at those tits, imagining them bouncing up and down as she straddled me and rode my cock. Oh, what I would love to do to this pretty little whore! 

Faster and faster I pumped my cock through my fingers. "Give it to me slut. Drink my cum," I whispered. Two more pumps and I grunted, shooting my hot load, some falling on Sleeping Beauty's cheek, slowly running down her neck to the pillow, and some landing on her forehead where it mixed with her red hair. She still didn't move. 

I wiped my hand on my bare thigh and laid back down inside my sleeping bag. God, that felt amazing! Who knew that masturbation could feel so good! I checked the clock and saw it was only 8, so I settled down for a little more sleep. 

The sound of someone trying to unzip my sleeping bag abruptly awakened me. I opened my eyes and was startled to see Sleeping Beauty, still naked, kneeling by my head slowly pulling down the zipper. She caught my eye and smiled. 

"Hey," I said. 

"Hey to you," she replied. "I guess your Carrie's brother?" 

"Yeah," I answered. 

"And I guess that's your cum in my hair?" 

"Uh, yes to that as well," I sheepishly admitted, although inwardly I really didn't feel that guilty. 

"I thought so," she replied, still smiling. "Such a bad boy! Do you always go around blowing your load on sleeping strangers?" 

"No, not usually. Only on really hot naked chicks I find sleeping next to me," I said. 

She laughed. "It's not that I mind or anything. What were you thinking of when you shot your cum in my hair and on my face?" she asked, finishing the task of unzipping the sleeping bag. 

"All the stuff I'd like to be doing to you," I said. "But the main one was how much I'd love to have your pretty lips wrapped around my cock and how much I'd love to fill that pretty mouth with my cum." 

"Nice," she said, standing up and pulling the top part of the sleeping bag off of me. "Slightly different than what I was imagining when I woke up and saw you lying there. I was fantasizing about how good it would feel to have your dick buried in my tight little twat." 

As she said this, she knelt down and straddled me, one knee on either side of my body. She began to rub that cleanly shaven and silky smooth pussy up and down my cock, which again grew very hard. She continued to rub for another couple minutes, sighing with pleasure. Then she slightly raised herself and with two fingers gently positioned the head of my cock between her pussy lips; a maneuver I could tell she had performed a time or two before. She then lowered herself down on my cock, a couple drops of her wetness dribbling down my balls. 

"Oh yes!" she sighed, "That's what I needed."

She began to bounce on my cock, moving her pussy up and down, squeezing it every once in a while with those glorious pussy muscles women are blessed with. Her tits bounced up and down as she moved, even better in real life than in my visions of earlier that morning. I reached up and pinched her nipples as she moved.

"Oh yes! Yes! Pinch those nipples!" she exclaimed. 

My God her pussy felt good! Just when I thought it couldn't get better, she did this awesome little move where she swiveled her hips from side to side, clenched her pussy, and slid up to the tip of my cock, swiveled again, and finished by impaling herself again. 

"Oh my God woman! Do that again!" 

She laughed and then complied. 

Without warning, she stood up. "Hey, where are you going?" I asked. 

She moved a few feet to the right, knelt down on all fours, put her ass in the air and her forehead on the floor, and said, "Come fuck me!"

I was behind her with my cock jammed in that tight little cunt of hers within a minute flat. I began to slowly pump in and out, remembering that most women liked to start off slowly. "No! Fuck me hard you dumb shit! Fuck that pussy hard!" she ordered. 

I grabbed her around the hips and began to hammer a way. I reached up and grabbed a handful of her red mane, jerking it as I continued to slam my cock in her dripping pussy. 

"Yes! Yes! Oh jam it in my filthy twat!" she yelled, her loudness slightly muffled by the floor. 

Then it was my turn to stop. "Hey! I didn't tell you to stop," she protested. 

"Don't worry," I assured her, "I'm not through with you yet, slut." 

I picked up all 100 pounds of her, told her to wrap her legs around my waist, rested her back against the door, and, with a little effort, slid my cock back inside her. I began to grind and thrust, making her scream with delight. She dug her fingernails into my back and leaned forward to bite my shoulder. The pain heightened my pleasure and made me thrust and grind even harder. 

"I'm cumming! I'm cumming! Oh God yes! Yes!" she exclaimed, digging her nails even deeper into my back. 

I thrust again and grunted, "Oh yes woman! Take that load in your nasty little fuckhole!" 

She put her feet on the floor and I backed away. "O, by the way, I'm Misty," she said, "I probably should have told you that from the beginning. Not that it matters." 

"Well Misty, you're an amazing fuck," I replied. 

I checked the clock to see how much time I had before my sister came back and saw that it was only 9:45. "Nice," I thought to myself, "maybe there's time for another round." 

Well, to make a long story short, there was time for one more round. It involved me fucking Misty on my sister's desk with her legs on my shoulders. Shortly before I blew my load, she pushed me off, took my cock in her mouth, and finished me off that way. And, she drank every last drop of cum; a talent I believe all women should have and use.