 One of the downfalls of running a college dorm is that your day is spent meeting with students who have violated the rules. Normally, it's the freshman guys who throw a party and get caught and then have to come meet with the dorm director. These meetings were boring, tedious, and usually the worst parts of my job. That all changed one spring afternoon.

My meeting with Jana was scheduled for 4:00. My last meeting of the day before I could go home, change clothes, and head to the pool for some of the remaining sunshine on this unseasonably warm day. It was beautiful outside, and walking around campus seeing the short skirts, halter tops, and tight young bodies definitely made me think that it had been awhile since I'd been able to enjoy a woman's company. That was part of the reason for the wanted pool trip, a chance to get a glimpse of some of the student body in tiny bikinis working on their post-spring break tan.

As Jana knocked on my office door, I got a pretty good eyeful of a young woman who certainly knew how to flaunt her sexuality. Framed by the doorway was a deliciously fit eighteen year old with long shiny blonde hair and a marvelously tight little body. My guess was she was about 5'6" tall and was wearing only tiny shorts and a bikini top. Her skin was bronzed and glowing, and it appeared I was not the only one would be spending some time at the pool today.

"I'm sorry I'm a little late, Mr. Hohner," she said. "I was laying out and totally lost track of time."

"That's fine, Jana, you're my last appointment for the day. Come on in and shut the door," I remarked.

As Jana sauntered into the office and dropped her large canvas bag carrying her things and a beach towel by the door, I was struck by her beauty. At only 24 years old, I can certainly still appreciate these young girls without feeling creepy or skeevy. As Jana sat down in the chair just in front of my desk and crossed her legs, I immediately drank her in. Large firm breasts were showing ample amounts of cleavage behind her tiny top, with the clear outline of hardening nipples. It was chilly in my office because of the A/C and I thanked my lucky stars I had left it on all day.

Her legs were long and smooth, perfectly tanned, and led to a firm ass. But for such an in-shape girl she had tits to die for. Her tiny shorts were barely covering her bikini bottoms, but as she shifted I could see her swimsuit bottoms underneath. White and small, just like her top. 

Jana was not the typical student I saw. Most were unruly males who were simply drunk at the wrong time and place. What landed Jana in my office was when the hall monitors heard loud noises coming from the laundry room in the basement of the building. As the laundry room closed at midnight it was illegal for a student to be in there. The monitors knocked and found Jana and three males smoking marijuana and drinking. It was a serious matter, and one that could cost Jana her student status.

I began the meeting like any other. "So Jana, you're here because you broke some of our policies. Why don't you tell me what happened."

She began slowly, and as she spoke, I could tell she was nervous. A flush broke over her upper chest and neck and her breathing got shallow. She knew she was in a situation that could have tremendous ramifications for her.

"It was a Friday night," she started, "and some friends and I had scored some pot. My roommate was in town that weekend and not feeling well, so we decided to take our fun elsewhere. We ended up in the basement and found the laundry room. Mike had some beers, and Jeff and Tim had the weed, so we all immediately started drinking and smoking. Thankfully your monitors knocked when they did or they would have gotten an eyeful."

"I'm not sure I follow, Jana," I said.

"Well," she began, "these three guys and I usually party together. And I am embarrassed to tell you, this, but I want to be honest so maybe you'll cut me a break and let me keep my room. Weed and alcohol always makes me horny. Normally we keep our fun to one of our rooms, and it's always been just me and one of them, but the thought of doing things with them together in a place where we could get caught, turned me on even more. I'd never been with all three of them at once, but I've always wanted to have more than one guy. God, Mr. Hohner, I'm so sorry. Please don't kick me out of school."

With this, Jana began to put her head in her hands and she began to quietly cry. I stood up and sat down in the chair next to her and put my hand on her shoulder. 

"It's ok, Jana. Everyone makes mistakes. And I'll do everything I can to keep you in school," I told her.

She looked up at me with her soft green eyes with tears on her cheeks but a hopefulness that maybe all was not lost. Partly to hear the rest of her story, partly to make her realize what she was planning on doing was wrong, I asked her to continue.

"What did you want to do with them, Jana?" I asked.

She looked a bit confused as to why I was asking but carried on. "A better question is what didn't I want to do. I have been with all three of them at different times and all are very good lovers. I just wanted to feel satisfied. Pleased. To walk back to my room knowing that just minutes earlier I was getting pleasured in every possible way by three guys at the same time. God... I feel like such a slut."

All the while I was rubbing her back encouraging her and trying to make her feel that I did in fact care about keeping her here. Of course, watching her nice tits rise and fall as she took her quick breaths and hearing how she wanted three men to use her for their toy for the evening was having an unintended effect on my own desires. I could feel my cock beginning to grow hard in my slacks. I thought about moving away from her so as to avoid her noticing that her story had made me hard, but thought better of it when actually touching her silky smooth skin.

I spoke slowly, "Jana, you're a very beautiful young woman who could have her pick of any man she wants. And it's remarkable how sexually mature you are for your age. Wanting to feel pleasure is a natural thing, and exploring your sexual desires and fantasies doesn't make you a slut. And you shouldn't feel embarrassed at all."

"Really?" she asked.

"Of course," I said. "Jana, a person can't control what their sexual desires are. For example, I can't control that listening to you talk about your desires and looking at your beautiful body has me pretty turned on." 

It was a risk to tell her this and risk her bolting from my office, but when said with a smile and a little chuckle, it diffused any sort of awkwardness. She looked up at me sort of in surprise and asked, "Really? Hearing me talk about what happened turned you on?"

"Absolutely Jana," I responded. "This growing bulge in the front of my slacks should tell you that sexual desires shouldn't be embarrassing or awkward." As I said it I placed my other hand over my expanding package and gave it a few slow rubs. 

Jana watched with bated breath, and then she looked me right in the eyes. "It looks like you're more than a little turned on, Mr. Hohner," she said with a wicked smile. "But I want to be honest with you. Telling my story to you and having you touch me turned me on too."

And with that she uncrossed her legs and parted them a bit to reveal a very visible wet spot that had formed on her shorts. By now my cock was at full mast but encased in very constrictive pants and boxer briefs. 

Gingerly, she reached over and placed her hand over mine that was lazily rubbing my cock through my slacks. I moved mine away and placed it on the inside of her thigh and began to slowly stroke her delicate skin. Each time going higher and closer to her shorts, but never touching anything other than her bare leg.

Jana left her hand in place but picked up the pace a bit on my cock before reaching up to unfasten my belt and slowly pull down the zipper. She found the vent in my briefs, and within seconds had my hard cock at full attention and stroking it luxuriously from tip to base. A small droplet of precum oozed from the head as she began to speed up. 

I moved my hand from her leg and placed it around her shoulders pulling her chair and her closer to me. As she was stroking long circular motions on my cock, I knew it wouldn't be long before I came. I decided to encourage her to really prove her case, and reached up and put my hand on the back of her head and began pulling her toward me. 

Without hesitation or resistance, Jana let me guide her pretty face all the way down to my cock, And as I grabbed a fistful of long blonde hair, she engulfed my member all the way to the hilt. 

I have had numerous blowjobs in my life, but this one took the cake. It was over in a flash, as the realization hit me that here was an eighteen year old student that was under my direction with my hard cock in her hungry mouth. The sensation as she dove her head down, and then slowly sucked her way back up to the tip was in a word... indescribable. Her tongue was constantly swirling around my cock as she continued to bob her head up and down over and over as I got closer and closer to releasing my load for her.

As I could feel my balls begin to tighten and knew I was only seconds away from climax, I whispered to her, "Jana, I'm about to come". As she heard me speak those words, she effortlessly slipped me into her throat and begin to gently milk the underside of my cock with her skilled tongue.

It was like an explosion went off inside me, and I could feel gush after gush of hot creamy cum explode out of me. I could feel wave after wave of liquid course through my balls and cock, and all the while, Jana kept up her tongue's action of milking and swirling, quietly moaning as I gave her all the seed I had. 

After I had thrown my head back in ecstasy and what seemed like an eternity had passed, Jana pulled off my cock, and pulled my head to hers for a long kiss. I could taste the remnants of me inside her mouth, salty and warm, but lost still in the moment of kissing such an amazing girl.

"I'm not through with you yet, Mr. Hohner. This meeting is far from over," she said with that same wicked smile.

To be continued...