 Disclaimer: This is a work of fiction concocted entirely within my imagination. Any resemblance to real people shouldn't be surprising since most of my stories are based on people I know. While I hope you enjoy this story and are compelled to provide feedback, I don't expect the subject matter will appeal to everyone who reads it. As such, I discourage venomous, nasty feedback full of violent wishes against essentially fictional characters in fictional situations. If this story does not appeal to you, there is undoubtedly one somewhere on Literotica that will, so your energy will be better spent on finding it rather than on vilifying me.

* * * * *

I was absolutely not happy about being stuck in my dorm on the weekend with a project to finish up. My roommate had already left to go drink beer and hit on girls, which I would much rather have been doing. There wasn't anything I could do about my deadline, though, so I just sucked it up and forged on. My door was open because I wasn't expecting anyone to be around to interrupt me as I worked but I also thought it might help if I saw or heard someone so I knew I was not here on the floor alone. I actually heard Andrea's voice before I noticed her standing in the doorway as she asked what the hell I was doing at my desk on Saturday night. I turned to respond and my words stopped in my throat as I got a look at her standing there.

Andrea was my neighbor in the dorm and lived in the single beside the double I shared with my roommate. She was a senior and had been a great resource for us freshmen, for everything from which classes were the best to which bars never carded. As long as we'd been living beside her, however, I don't believe I'd ever seen her looking as she was standing there in the doorway. Andrea was the definition of statuesque -- tall and well-proportioned -- but on that night she was all dolled up for a sorority event: hair done, makeup done and wearing "the perfect little black dress." This wasn't the Andrea I was accustomed to seeing about the floor and I think it showed on my face. If it didn't, it was obvious when my response to her question turned into a simple "Wow!"

"You like?" she asked as she executed a spin on my threshold. It was a minute before I could do more than nod. When words finally came back, I told her that she looked ravishing and that I was jealous of every guy who was going to be wherever she was headed. That was when she explained that she was going to a sorority event and repeated her question about what I was doing at my desk. I explained about my project while trying not to just stare at her ample cleavage. She sympathized, having been there before herself I'm sure, but didn't tell me I should blow it off, which I appreciated. I told her to have fun for me and watched her ass as she walked out of the room. It took a few minutes before I was able to focus on my project again.

Hours later, when I finally got everything wrapped up, I was considering whether or not it was too late to go out. On the plus side, the girls would already be liquored up but on the negative side, everyone else would be, too. I was debating internally as I organized everything I'd been working on and hadn't come to a decision yet when I heard high heels coming down the hallway. I turned in time to see Andrea stop in my doorway looking as scrumptious as she had when she left. She asked if I had finished my project and, when I told her that I had, she told me that was good because she had been planning to tell me that it was time for me to take a break anyway. I told her how surprised I was to see her much less see her alone as I'd figured the boys would be paying her an awful lot of attention.

"As a matter of fact, I was getting a lot of attention tonight," she replied, "but I started thinking that they were only interested in this me. I thought about you sitting back here, working so hard, and that you're always flirting with me, even if I'm wearing stained sweats and my hair is up and I've got no makeup on. You've literally seen me at my worst but you've always made me feel the way those other guys only made me feel tonight. So, I blew them all off and came back here to reward you for being such a diligent student."

She walked over to me and, before I knew it, her arms were around my neck and we were making out. My hands went from holding her waist to holding her ass while pulling her against my growing tool as we made out more passionately. When we finally came up for air, she suggested that I lock up and we go to her room so we wouldn't have to worry about my roommate walking in on what was about to happen. I was considering exactly what was about to happen as I killed the lights and locked the door then followed her to her room and I came to the conclusion that it couldn't be anything but good.

She locked her door behind us and had me sit in her desk chair, then leaned down to make out with me, her tits nearly falling out of her dress. Her hands went to work opening my jeans, which she started to slide down as she dropped to her knees. With my jeans and briefs off, she took my rigid cock in her hand and stroked it a few times before lowering her mouth over it. I moaned and ran my fingers through her hair as her lips slid down, then back up again. She definitely was no slouch when it came to cocksucking; she was pumping the base in one hand while sliding her mouth up and down slowly, drawing out the pleasure that was already at a very high level. Watching her was nearly as arousing as the feel of her mouth and her hand working on my tool; it was still a pleasant shock that it was a dolled-up Andrea willingly sucking me off.

Obviously, it didn't take long before I was starting to feel my orgasm beginning to build up, between her oral talent, the way she was dressed and the view of her cleavage, as well as this being a mouth my cock never had the pleasure to visit previously. I didn't complain when she took a break, slipped my cock from her mouth and straightened up because I was sure a break would help me last a big longer. Looking into my eyes, she slipped the skinny straps of her dress off her shoulders, reached behind her to unzip the dress a bit, then pulled the top down to reveal even more of her cleavage contained in a strapless black bra. My eyes were wide, my mouth was watering and my cock was throbbing even before she reached behind herself again to unfasten the bra. As it went slack and slid down the slopes of her luscious tits, revealing her large areolas and thick, hard nipples, I think I actually moaned out loud.

With the bra cast aside, her tits looked just incredible but, when she squeezed them together around my stiff cock, I realized that they also felt incredible. She started to slide the soft, smooth flesh up and down, obviously well aware of the effect that it would have on me. She glanced up at me with a big smile on her face to gauge my reaction, then returned her focus to my cock disappearing between her fleshy globes. I could feel my orgasm again, building back up to the level where it had been before, so I suspected that I'd be blowing a load all over her cleavage and maybe into her face, depending on the intensity of it. I relished the feel of her tits as well as their pale, smooth appearance, anticipating getting my hands and mouth on them in short order. As my cock was beginning to swell when my orgasm was imminent, Andrea released her tits and lowered her hot mouth back over my throbbing cock.

Holding it by the base again, she started sliding her mouth up and down it again, though not as slowly as she had been. She knew I was on the verge of cumming so, rather than continuing to try to draw out my pleasure, she was working on bringing me to release. I was moaning and muttering encouragements as the pleasure I was feeling reached unprecedented levels before I finally exploded into her mouth. She continued sucking as she swallowed down my load, stopping only after I was completely spent and letting my cock fall from her mouth. She sat back on her heels and smiled, her tits jutting out and attracting my attention again. I reached down to heft their weight in my hands, then ran my palms over her hard nipples. I suggested that we change positions and, as I knelt before her sitting on the chair, I was fondling her tits while licking and sucking her nipples.

She was moaning softly and running her fingers through my hair as I slobbered on her breasts but I realized that this wasn't likely going to get her off the way she'd gotten me off. I stood and helped her to stand, then turned her around to unzip her dress the rest of the way. Standing behind her as I worked it down and over her hips, I noticed our reflection in the window since it was dark outside and she hadn't drawn her shade. I kissed her neck and cupped her breasts while she looked at our reflection, then gave her dress one last push and it landed around her ankles. As she bent over to pick it up off the floor, I dropped to my knees behind her and realized that she was wearing a black thong. I ran my hands over her ass cheeks while kissing and nibbling them before she straightened up again. As she hung the dress over the back of the chair, I started working her thong over her hips, watching her reflection as her bush came into view.

Once I'd had her step out of her thong, I turned her around and got a nice look at the trim brown fur between her legs as I ran my hands up over her hips and around her ass. She sat on the edge of her bed and leaned back as I spread her knees apart and kissed my way up her smooth inner thighs. When I reached her pussy, she was laying back against her pillows watching as I ran my tongue up her slit, tasting her pungent juices. I lapped at her pussy as she ran her fingers through my hair and moaned, then slipped a finger into her and focused on licking and sucking her clit. She immediately got louder as I worked on her clit and slid my finger in and out of her juicy pussy, her hips rhythmically pushing up toward my face. I glanced up, seeing her monumental tits standing up proudly on her chest, and saw that she was watching me with a glazed look in her eyes and her mouth hanging open.

My cock was already reviving as I gazed at her naked flesh and tasted her sweet pussy and I knew that slipping into her would not only be heavenly, but inevitable as well. The longer I ate her, the faster her hips were moving and the louder she was moaning. She had both hands in my hair, holding me in place, as I continued to slurp her clit and slip my finger in and out of an increasingly wet and hot pussy. I would have been content to eat her pussy for hours, but I could tell that she was getting closer and closer to cumming and I was pleased to be providing her with so much pleasure. She started to tense up as she was right on the verge of cumming then went completely limp as the dam burst, trembling as her orgasm coursed through her. When she finally went still, I raised my head and stood up, removing my shirt as I gazed down at her naked form.

When she'd recovered enough to sit up, she took my nearly rigid tool in her hand and stroked it before suggesting that I lie down on her bed. She put the pillows back at the end of the bed and I rested my head on them as she repositioned herself over me and guided my cock to her pussy. She sat down, fully embedding my cock in her hot, wet pussy as my hands went right to her tits and fondled the soft flesh. My focus was completely on her tits as she started bouncing up and down on my cock, her slippery pussy feeling so incredible. I was reveling in the soft, smooth flesh as I examined her large areolas and ran my thumbs over the stiff nubs of her nipples. When she leaned forward, supporting herself with her hands on either side of my head, her breasts were perfectly in tongue range, so I went back to licking and sucking her hard nipples again.

The longer she rode me, the harder she was pushing down on my cock and the louder she was getting. I started pushing up into her each time she came down hard on me, hoping to help her feel even better with deeper penetration. I was in no danger of cumming again myself yet, so I was trying to give her the full length of my cock and get her to another orgasm. Although it seemed unbelievable, her pussy started getting even more slippery as we continued to fuck while she started riding me even faster. Her ass was slapping against my upper thighs each time she came down and I could barely hang onto her bouncing tits to continue licking and sucking her nipples. The only thing that could slow her down is when she finally started to cum. She seemed to go into slow motion and let out a low moan.

I looked up at her face as she came, watching an expression of bliss come over it. She continued to slowly ride me until she finally seemed almost like she came out of a trance, blinking rapidly and smiling down at me. When she asked if I wanted to do her from behind, I nodded enthusiastically so she climbed off of me. I got up and turned onto my knees as she moved to the middle of the bed on her knees and lowered her face to the comforter. I ran my hands over her ass again before guiding my bobbing cock back into her slippery pussy and taking her by the hips. I started to slowly slide my cock in and out of her hot pussy with long, full strokes, relishing the feeling and truly appreciating the position I was in at that moment. I'd fantasized about Andrea before and had tried to imagine what her bare breasts would look like or how she'd look naked, but had never really thought there was a possibility of actually experiencing it. Now, I had not only seen her tits and seen her naked, I'd cum in her mouth, eaten her pussy, fondled her tits and was currently fucking her in a second position.

As I started feeling the initial stirrings of my second orgasm, I decided that there was still something else that I wanted to do before I came. In the meantime, I slid my hands forward and cupped her swinging breasts, gently pulling her hard nipples as my hips continued to bump against her ass. I fondled her breasts while fucking her as my orgasm slowly continued to build, moving my hands back to her hips only when I wanted to fuck her harder and bring it on even faster. I started pulling her back against my incoming thrusts, my hips bouncing off her ass and making it jiggle. When I got to the point where I was almost right on the verge of cumming again, I pulled out of her and asked her to roll onto her back. She knew what I had in mind as I moved up to straddle her ribs and was ready to squeeze her tits together as I lay my cock between them.

Leaning on the wall over her head, I started to thrust my cock between her soft, smooth tits, slowly and with long strokes. The feeling was unbelievable and I was sure that it wouldn't be long before I was spewing on her chest. Her attention was focused on the head of my cock as it peeked out repeatedly from her cleavage while my attention was focused on the building pleasure I was feeling. It didn't take much time of sliding my cock between her tits before I was back on the verge of cumming, but fucking her tits seemed to draw out the pleasure even longer than I expected. As my orgasm came closer and closer, I maintained the rhythm, sticking with the long, slow strokes. As a result, when I finally exploded onto her sternum, it was one of the most intense orgasms I'd ever experienced. When she let her tits fall away from my spent cock and started cleaning my cum up with her fingers, feeding it into her mouth, it took me a minute or so before I had recovered enough to move off of her and lie beside.

"Why didn't we start doing this in September?" I asked, my head on her pillow as I caught my breath.

"That is a good question," she replied, "but we've got the rest of the year ahead of us to make up for it."

"Do you think anyone will notice the carpet getting worn out between my door and yours?"

"At least it will help them understand all of the noise coming from in here. They won't think my room is haunted, what with all the moaning."

I laughed and kissed her then held her tight until we decided to kill the light, draw the shades and call it a night. We needed our rest because we had all day Sunday ahead of us.