 Lana sits there at her desk so focused on her work that her nose is crinkling. She is without a doubt the most amazing woman I have ever known. She's just so distant. She looks up at me and smiles. She doesn't have a big toothy smile. What makes her smile so gorgeous is the way her eyes smile too. She has the most enchanting and infectious smile. I can't keep myself from walking over to her. 

I put my hand on her shoulder and she kisses my wrist. The look in her eyes changes from laughter to sexual in a split second. I want that woman than she knows. I've been trying to reign in my hunger for so long so I don't scare her. I can't hold myself back anymore. My want for her is borderline desperation. I crave her. I need her.

I need to know how she tastes- everywhere. I need to taste her kiss, her skin. I need to taste that she wants me as badly as I want her. I can see it on her face. I can see it behind her eyes. I can feel it radiating off of her. 

I grab her hand and pull her into the break room. We go out onto the deck. I don't wait for the door to close before I'm pushing her against the wall. My lips capturing hers in a kiss. My hands are on her full backside, hers are in my hair. She's moaning into my mouth as she sucks on my bottom lip. I'm growling with her moans. My hands have minds of their owns going all over her perfect, voluptuous body until there in her hair. I use it to pull her head to the side and bite her neck.

"Bryce," she groans. "We're at work. We can't do this."

In the blink of an eye we're at my house. She's in my bed, wearing nothing but a teal blue bra and panty set. Her blonde hair is splayed across the pillows. Her cheeks are flushed, her deliciously large breasts heaving with her ragged breaths. She's writhing, her soft, full tummy moving with her. "Touch me," she pleads. 

There's no denying that soft whimper that comes out when she begs. I'm on top of her, kissing and touching every perfect inch of her body. Her long legs are around my waist, pulling me against her. Suddenly we're naked. I'm inside of her. She's so tight, so wet, and warm. I can feel her body stretching and welcoming me. Before now, I had no idea what Heaven was until now. She's got her legs around mine, her ankles running up my thighs. Her hips are thrusting, meeting mine.

I look down at her. She's so beautiful. Not just because she's in the throes of passion, but because of who she is. She glows in a way nobody could imagine. Her bottom lip is nice and plump while her top one is just a little thinner. She has a splash of freckles across her nose and cheeks, giving her an innocent look. The only makeup I've ever seen her wear is on her eyes and lips. 

A warmth spreads through me as I discover her in whole new way. I've always thought she was wonderful. Now I know she's so much more. She's almost perfect. I can't imagine her being closer to perfect than she already is. I realize I'm in love with this woman. I want her to be mine. I have to claim her.

Lana's head is turned to the side, my name coming from her lips. Her shoulder is begging to be bitten, to bear my mark. I feel her tightening around me, her body spasming. I lean down and bite just her orgasm rocks through her. She's screaming my name. It causes my own orgasm to rock through me and into her. Spurt after spurt. I don't want to pull out of her. I want to spend as long as I can inside of her. 

She reaches up and runs her the tips of her fingers over my chest. They play along the scar I have on my chest. She lifts her head and kisses it. I start to harden inside of her. I pull away, grab her hips, and flip her over. I almost lose it. Her ass is so much better than I could imagine. It's nice and round, perfectly smackable. I give it a nice hard swat and slam myself into her. She squeals and lifts and ass. She's makes herself tighter by closing her legs. 

I pull away again, lower myself and give her a nice long lick. "So tasty, Baby." I dive back in, licking, slurping, and sucking. I keep a nice grip on her thighs, keeping her in place while I enjoy my favorite treat. Even with my own juices flowing out of her I can't get enough. I need to feel her around me again. "I love you, Alana," I say as I push myself into her.