 As we laid there relaxing, her catching her breath from what she referred to as a mind-blowing orgasm and me admiring the tent that I had to offer I began to wonder where things would lead tonight. After all it had been months since we were together before and in the time since we'd had numerous conversations about what we wished we would have done, but before I could reminisce too far back she slid down into my lap and pulled my zipper down. 

Fishing my cock out with her hand she immediately took me in her mouth, licking the precum that had formed off my head and swallowing all she could get her mouth around. My hands went to her nipples, which were still standing out rock hard from our earlier antics. Slowly teasing them as she licked the underside of my cock while sucking the life out of me. Her fingers unbuttoning my pants and hands pulling them off as I sit there against the wall. 

Her fingers began tracing across my thighs and she took my balls in her hand and looked up into my eyes, prompting me to moan as I felt myself harden fully.

While I loved the feeling of her mouth on me, and knew given a few more minutes I would fill her mouth with cum, it had been too long since I felt her around me and I raised her up and stood up, pulling her with me towards the large bed in the middle of the room. 

I pushed two suitcases to the floor and spun her around, laying her on the bed. Her legs spread for me, her skirt showing me just enough of her crotch to keep me wanting more. I let my pants fall completely the floor and stepped out of them, my boxers following behind. Her hands hand moved across her body as she watched me strip, one pulling up her skirt and fingering her pussy and the other toying with one of her nipples through the thin dress material. 

Watching her touch herself was too much for me to resist and I dropped to my knees and slid my tongue up her thigh to her fingers, licking them clean as she slid them in and out of her soaking pussy. 

Her fingers found her clit and her hips began thrusting against my tongue. It slid deep into her as she fucked my face hard and fast. Her breathing was rapid and her fingers moved to the back of my head, pulling me deeper into her. Her thighs crushing my head as she moved closer to orgasm. Sensing how close she was I slipped my pinky into her and covered it in her wet pussy juices, then slid it back between her legs to her ass. 

We'd talked about her ass before, and had fooled around a bit last time we were together, but I had never ended up inside her. Knowing how she reacted when I'd touched her there before I took the chance and slip my wet finger into her ass.

The second it penetrated her she thrust her hips against it and moaned hard. My tongue moved up to her clit knowing it was time to finish her off. I slid my tongue around her clit, staying just far enough away to drive her crazy, then when I felt her clenching up I covered it with my lips and ran my tongue over it. 

Her pussy exploded and flooded my face and I felt her ass contract on my finger. Her mouth was screaming a combination of my name and passionate expletives as she came all over me. I slid my finger out and slowly began licking around her pussy, determined to taste all her juices. 

After a minute she grabbed my hair and pulled me up, my body resting beside her with my rock hard cock lying across her thigh. 

Assuming I had a minute to catch my breath, I laid back and closed my eyes, however no sooner had I closed them then I felt the weight on the bed shift and before I could say anything she was on top of me. Her hand surrounding my cock guiding it into her. She was so wet I slid in with no effort, her pussy taking my entire cock. 

My hands went to her hips to set the pace but she pushed them away and told me she was the one doing the fucking. I didn't argue as I liked her attitude, plus her hips had started moving up and down on me and my cock was already throbbing inside of her. She moved slowly but deep, Her skirt had fallen back down blocking the view of her pussy which was probably a good thing as I know I wouldn't have lasted watching her take me inside her. 

I reached up and started sliding her top up her body, encouraging her to remove it. She followed the cue and pulled the top over her head in one quick motion. Her breasts were exactly as I remembered them as I watched them bounce up and down inside the constrains of her lacey black bra. Nipples showing through clear as day. 

I reached up and took one between my fingers, pulling on it gently like I knew she liked. Soon I moved both hands to them and teased her while she moved up and down on me. She was dripping as we fucked and each thrust resulted in my balls being covered with more of her juices. 

Knowing I had to have more of her breasts I reached between her tits and undid the front clasp, letting the bra fall open and her amazing tits spill out. I pulled her gently down towards me and took one of her nipples in my mouth. She gasped as I sucked gently on it, and her movements on my cock increased rapidly. 

Sensing her sense of control was over I grabbed her ass and pulled myself into her, pushing deeper on each thrust. Her moans were getting faster and I pulled her down on top of me, her mouth began sucking on my neck. She moaned into my ear, "Faster, harder, make me cum". 

Our bodies were one as I put both hands on her ass and began fucking her as fast and hard as possible. My cock was throbbing and I could feel myself leaking inside of her. Her orgasm came quick and I felt her pussy clamp down on me drawing me close. 

I might have lasted longer if not for her begging in my ear, "Please cum in me, fill me with your cum, I need it". That was the final straw as I felt my balls let loose and my cum rush out of me into her. With each pulse of my cum she moaned again, making me wonder if her orgasm had ended yet. 

As we both gasped for breath our mouths met again, for what seemed like the first time in ages. While our orgasms had put us in a state of exhaustion we were kissing like the world was ending. I slipped out of her as we made out like teenagers. Rolling, thrashing across the bed until we ended up out of breath lying next to each other. She rolled back over for a moment and quickly squealed and came back to me. We'd left quite a wet spot on the bed and apparently she'd just found it. 

Oh well I said, guess we'll have to sleep on this side. "but", she asked, "how will we explain that to my friend who's sharing the room?". I quickly thought back to the suitcases I had thrown off the bed, two people, which would explain the 2nd suitcase. "Oh well", I said, "Perhaps this night will have to get more interesting....