 WARNING:

The following story is for the entertainment of ADULTS ONLY, and contains descriptions of explicit sex. If you are not an adult, or reading sex stories upset you, or you are offended by subjects of a sexual nature - do not read any further! 

This story is for entertainment only. It contains adult oriented material. This is a work of fiction. The acts and characters contained within are figments of my imagination and have no basis in fact. I do not practice, advocate, condone or encourage acts portrayed here. The characters in the story are entirely fictional. You need to believe that all of the characters are over the age of eighteen.

This story may not be reproduced in any form for profit without the written permission of the author. This story may be freely distributed with this notice attached.

* * * * * * * * * * 

After much lusting, the hostile takeover of Zenellis Corporation by Multimax International gave Mr. Marcus the opportunity to confront and fuck Saroya Zenellis, Chairperson of the acquired company. Too bad he didn't know there was a choice - a piece of Saroya or a lump sum payment of royalties on his product suggestion. And, just getting it up had been a struggle. Was his potent penis pooped?

As our confused and concerned protagonist departed the Zenellis executive suite, Saroya's well-stacked ex-secretary Letti arrived. 

* * * * * * * * * * 

I aimed my finger at the DOWN button at the bank of two elevators. Before it touched, a bell dinged and the light above the door flashed on. When the door opened, there stood Letti, dressed for work. Except there was none.

"Oh, hi!" She waved like Miss America, the hand turning style.

"The place is shut down," I said.

"I know. Ms. Zenellis send an email, and a severance check."

Even Letti gets cash payment, I thought. And what did I get? Oh yeah. A piece of the bitch.

Letti continued, "I'm on my way to a job interview. There were a few personal items in my drawer, and I wanted to say goodbye to Chairperson Zenellis. In person."

How formal. "Yeah, well, she's in her office, packing." And recovering from our sex rout. I let her pass, but hesitated getting into the elevator. Her hips swayed under a short skirt. Whoever interviewed her would get an eyeful, top and bottom. I remembered my hands on her ass.

She turned around, her bust in profile. My dick didn't even twitch. "Could you wait for me? I don't like riding alone, especially the regular elevator. I'm kind of claustrophobic."

"Sure." I stood blocking the sliding doors from closing while Letti strutted over to her desk. The bottom edge of her buttocks came into view as her skirt whipped back and forth. 

Letti knocked and entered Saroya's chambers. There was no screaming, no shouting, and in the silence of the empty office, no moans. The elevator beeped its heart out, its doors slamming into my sides. I gave up, stepped out and let the elevator respond to another passenger on a different floor. As soon as it departed, Letti waltzed out of Saroya's lair.

Letti pouted. "You let it get away."

I pressed the DOWN button. "It'll come back. So, where's the interview?"

"Over at Nordbaum's Department Store. They have an opening for an administrative manager. So, after what Saroya did to you, did you make peace with her?"

I had a piece, all right, but she got me back. "We both came. To terms."

We stood in silence. An all-stops elevator showed up, but Letti shook it off, so we waited for an express. I used the opportunity to study the ex-secretary. Under most circumstances, I would have been all over her. Man, those tits. Could Letti read my mind, or just my expression? Her face turned pink. "This is going to sound strange, but I need to know something."

"Sure." What could she ask?

"Would you have, I mean, were you prepared to, oh well, I guess you were prepared, but how can I say this -"

Letti must have been recalling our partially clothed but forced interaction. "You want to know if I would have gone through with it and had intercourse with you?"

The elevator dinged and the door opened. I let Letti pass and followed her in. There was only one button, "L" for lobby. Letti pressed it.

Neither of us spoke as the elevator descended. Letti broke the silence. "You didn't answer my -"

My stomach lurched towards my throat. Letti's jaw dropped. Our elevator accelerated downward. We were in free fall, or close to it. The elevator rocked from side to side. The lights flickered. Smoke and the smell of burnt metal filled the small compartment. Letti and I were thrown to the floor. The elevator ground to a halt with an elongated screech.

"Oh my God! Oh my God!" Letti crawled over and grabbed at me, clinging to my arm. "What's happened?" 

"It's all right." I had no idea, but stuck in an elevator with a claustrophobe, you reinforce the best possible attitude. "Someone will see an alarm and come get us."

"But Zenellis Enterprises runs the express, and everyone but Saroya is gone. Besides, there isn't any access between the penthouse and the lobby. It's an express, for cripes sake!" 

The blood flow in my arm was constricted by Letti's firm grip. She was way too smart and cogent for phony comments about our circumstance. She was right. And, if the emergency brakes that caught us failed, we'd be flattened at impact in the basement.

"I don't want to die!" she cried.

"Neither do I, and we aren't going to." I opened a service panel and picked up the phone receiver. "See, I'll just call for help." I put the instrument to my ear. Dead. Just like we'd be if the brakes failed. I hung it up. "I'm sure an alarm has been tripped somewhere." I hoped.

Beads of sweat dotted Letti's forehead. "It's getting warm in here. Are you warm?" Letti shrugged off her suit jacket. The neckline of her blouse exposed a nice cleavage, an advantage I'm sure she was planning to use at her interview. Letti resumed gripping me as soon as her jacket hit the floor. With her legs curled up beneath her, Letti's skirt was bunched at her hips. She was shaking from fear, certainly not the cold.

I needed to distract her from our shared predicament. "The answer is yes."

"What? Yes what?" Her eyes darted around, perhaps expecting someone to come bursting through the ceiling or prying open the doors, despite the fact that we were probably between floors.

"Yes, I would have made love to you, if Saroya wasn't watching." And if we weren't being filmed."

"You would? Really?" Letti seemed to brighten at the prospect. At least, her face was smiling, perhaps a bit coy. Certainly not an expression of panic.

"I find you very attractive," I said. "I bet a lot of men tell you that."

"Uh huh!" Her head moved like a bobble head doll. "I've dated a lot. But just between you and me," she leaned forward and whispered even though we were completely alone, "I've never seen anyone with as big a, well, you know. That's why I asked if, you know, it fits."

"I've never had a lover where it didn't."

The elevator rumbled, scraping lower.

Letti's panic returned. "Oh God! We're going to die, aren't we?"

I certainly wasn't going to accept her version of our fate. However, given the circumstances, things didn't look good.

"It's getting hotter." Letti stood, pulled her tank top off and unzipped her skirt. She was down to her bra and panties, just as she'd been in Saroya's office. "Can we do that thing again, where you rubbed me all over? It felt so good, and right now, I need too feel good. After all, this could be my last time."

Last time for what? Feeling good, or something more?

"You had your pants off, remember?" she asked.

"Yes, I did." I stood and undressed. I felt cooler, more comfortable with the nearly nude unemployed secretary, but still flaccid. "How's this?"

Her attention focused on my groin. "You're not sticking out." She pouted. "You lied! You don't think I'm sexy!"

The last thing I wanted was to get Letti upset. She'd remember our predicament, and who knows what she'd do then?

Now both standing, I repeated the movements I'd done last time, touching her back, and then circling around to press my hands against her breasts. Finally, I stood at her side, one hand on her panty covered pussy and one on her ass.

"Oh God! That feels so good! Do you remember what I did next?"

"You sat in my lap and took off your bra." Gazing at her full breasts with the large areola and tiny nipples had been a thing of beauty. They were succulent in my mind.

"But first, since we're getting, well, intimate, would you kiss me?"

I bent over and guided her face to mine. Her lips pulsed. The kiss was a lot shorter than I wanted.

"Yuck, your breath reeks! What did you have for breakfast, spoiled fish?"

She tasted Saroya's cunt juices on my mouth.

Letti bent over, fumbling through her purse. Her panties followed the contour of her cunt lips. Too bad I wasn't ready to split them. Maybe sex with Saroya damaged my dick. 

"I've got some lozenges," she said. I heard crinkling. "Here, try this. It's cherry."

Given Letti's boasts, I expected she wasn't. She placed the round dollop in my mouth. It was bitter.

"What's wrong?" she asked.

"This tastes like shit." Nothing like the truth, especially when you have no time to concoct a good lie.

"Maybe there's a liquid center, where all the flavor is?"

I bit down, not being one to suck a Tootsie Roll down to the chocolate center without smashing the candy shell. A disciple of instant gratification, obviously. The lozenge was hard. One forced bite with my molars broke it open. An explosion of air puffed my cheeks out. My lips flapped open and I exhaled in Letti's face. "Where did you get this?"

"Ms. Zenellis gave me a handful. Why?"

Just like Saroya to give unsuspecting Letti a few of those potent artificial pheromone lozenges. And I'd just directly inhaled a full dose! From my whiff of Lillian Mutzman's sample at the Science Fair, it had taken a few minutes to take affect. But that had been only a sniff, not a concentrated quantity. How would an intense --?

My eyes clouded over. I saw everything through a gauze curtain. One gorgeous woman, dressed only in bra and panties, stood before me. My jockeys tented. My dick throbbed. I wanted only one thing. Her. Now. Completely. The floor trembled, and the woman came close, arms spread inviting a hug. I lifted her and placed her torso against mine. Her arms wrapped around my neck. I held her by exposed buttocks. For balance, I held her against the wall. The room shook. She held me tighter and moaned. It didn't matter whether she wanted me, a little or a lot. 

I kissed her, tongues twitching, exhaling into her moth. My cock rubbed her pantied pussy. This was unacceptable. I tore the cloth easily from her body. 

"Hey, not so rough!" she cried.

I could feel the moisture, her precum, painting my dick. Her tits demanded attention. I pulled back, letting her feet touch the floor. With a yank of both cups, the bra separated, her breasts exposed, jiggling. 

"Bras are expensive you know, especially custom --"

Her tits were large, mouthwatering. I stuck my open mouth over one large dark circle and sucked as if my life depended on it. She moaned and writhed against me. When I pulled back, the nipple was bloated and wet. I performed the same ritual on the other tit. But there was more feast below. I kissed down her belly and thrust my face between her thighs. She forced them together. Only the front bulge of her pussy was accessible.

"What are you doing? That's disgusting. Come back up here and --" 

I stood and kissed her again. I shared my breath with her. She startled, then shook her head. Her head tilted back and her thighs parted. I squatted. She pressed my head forward. I lapped at her pussy, pungent, dripping.

"Lay down." She did as I asked.

She spread her legs and I crawled between them. "I want you. Please." I pressed her breasts together, forming a mountain range of flesh. While my dick danced between her thighs, I suckled. She moaned, grasping for my baseball bat-sized prick.

"Gimme." She growled. I pushed forward as she directed my dick to her cunt. Despite her wetness, she was vice tight. I pressed on, driving two inches forward, but it was like fucking cement.

"What are you waiting for? Fuck me! Now!"

I humped my hips with nothing to show for it. "Relax, or I'll rip you in half."

"Big man having trouble? None of my other lovers did!"

She was taunting me. I pulled out completely and thrust two fingers up her cunt. They barely fit. I twisted them around. Her pussy squeezed them hard. I reformed my hand, all five fingers pointed and stuffed them in.

The hot body beneath me moaned. "Oh God, not your hand. I can't take a fist."

As quick as I could, I pulled my hand out and stuffed my erection in to take its place. Half the length of my dick was in, and she was still moist. I rocked back and forth, balancing above her on my hands. Occasionally, I'd lean down and lick or suck a nipple.

"Oh that's it. Fuck me! More! Don't stop! Ohhh God, this is fucking!" She smiled. She wanted it, all of it. 

"Make me cum," she pleaded.

What did she think I was doing, making chicken salad?

I increased the pace. Her formerly tight twat massaged my erection, but especially the sensitive head, which felt as big as a sixteen-inch softball.

The room rocked and shrieked in a duet with Letti. "Fuck me, damn it!" I tried to push deeper, but her body as tense, too tight for any meaningful penetration. Why was she teasing me this way, demanding sex and preventing it at the same time?

"Oww! You lied! You don't fit at all!"

"Let's try a different position." I helped her roll over and guided her onto her hands and knees.

"Oh God. You're not going to do my ass, are you? I'm not big enough."

Not my intention, but maybe after the main event. I climbed behind her. My dick found her open cunt without my assistance. My hands were free to fondle her tits. Pull her nipples. With one thrust, I jammed myself in as far as I could go. Despite her pleas for my whole prick, her pussy wasn't deep enough. Lucky for us, she had an adjacent room. Her womb. The head of my dick toyed with her cervix, bumping against it, teasing it. 

The floor shook below us. Her cunt was softer now, more pliable. We needed no play-by-play or cheering fans. Banging her hips, mashing her tits as they bounced above my outstretched palms, I humped her, sliding in and out. Occasionally, my dick would stall, as if glued inside her. A yank of her body would dislodge the interruption. She was crying, whimpering, shouting. The room responded in kind, shrieking and moaning. 

She pulled forward, and my dick popped free.

"You must think you're some hot stuff with that." She twanged my erection. "So how come you can't get it in?"

I thought I had. "What do you think was ripping you open? A week old salami?"

Her arms were folded under her tits, holding them up. "Lay down and let me show you how it's done."

I lay prone on the floor. Letti straddled my hips and shoved me back into her pussy. She lifted and came down hard. Was she trying to bust herself open? Before she could move, our bodies got light, as if gravity took a brief respite. The fog began to clear. Letti was on top of me, in an elevator. And the elevator was falling, the sides scraping as we fell. I expected visions of tits and cunts to pass before my eyes. Instead, only Letti's breasts, defying gravity. Then an abrupt stop, driving her deep onto my prick. Cum roared from my dick. She screamed and collapsed forward, trapping me under her torso.

Her voice was weak. "Oh God, you stud. I can't believe -"

I felt cold air. Spots of light danced around us. My face, Letti's chest, our conjoined groins all took turns under direct illumination.

"Not again!" said a faceless voice.

Emergency worker? Fireman? Whoever, he was getting a front row seat to our private sex show. 

"Maybe it's a natural response to confinement. Have you ever been stuck in an elevator?" said a second.

Facts flooded back as fresh air wafted into the compartment. Letti and I were stranded in Zenellis's elevator, and then I bit into a lozenge and - shit! I inhaled a packet of artificial pheromones, right in my mouth! What did I do to this poor young lady? Fucked her senseless, I imagined.

The first voice became authoritative. "You're going to the hospital. Both of you." 

The two uniformed rescue workers tried to lift Letti. No luck. My dick was buried past her cervix, into her womb. And it was not deflating. Every adjustment wiggled my penis, which in turn gave Letti another orgasm. Someone showered us with cold water, and I mean cold! Letti shivered herself free. 

One of the guys helped me to my feet. "Come with us." 

I'd already cum, and violently, if my foggy memory was trustworthy. Certainly I wasn't. The damage I must have done. She'll never want to have sex again.

(To be continued)

###

An Original H M Tale 

I'm always interested in reader feedback. 

Copyright (c) 2007, Harvey Marcus. All Rights Reserved.