 I love my boyfriend, Alex. 

Alex is pretty kinky. I like it like that. I'm pretty kinky myself. I'm rather submissive and he really knows how to push me around.

I'm standing outside his building waiting for him to let me in. its pretty dark. Its pretty cold. I'm pretty horny. The dildo in my cunt isn't helping. 

He smiles when he sees me. He's tall, six foot four with light skin and dark hair. His eyes are wide and blue. Alex's smile is wicked. He knows about the dildo. He's the one who made me wear it. 

I'm also wearing loose-fitting black linen slacks, a white bra and tank-top. My silky curls caress my neck and shoulders. I'm not wearing makeup. I rarely do. I've been blessed with rosy cheeks, smooth complexion, dark eyes and long lashes, and full red lips. 

"Hey, baby," he greets me, wrapping his arms around me. When his face is close to my ear he whispers, "you do what I said, bitch?" he pulls back, holding me at arm's length and looks into my eyes. Blushing, I nod. 

He takes my hand and leads me to his suite. I hope we're going to go right into his room as I'm ridiculously horny, but to my dismay, he leads me to the common room. Two of his suitemates are there, watching some sporting event on TV. 

Alex plops down on the couch and pulls me into his lap. Not quite. I am straddling one of his legs and its pushing the dildo farther into me. As I feel it slide into my g-spot I gasp. Rick and Doug glance at me. "Dude, stop rough-housing your woman," Doug says. 

I giggle. I don't want them to realize what's going on. I don't know why Alex has brought me in here. How long will I have to sit here with this rubber dick inside of me while Alex makes like this is any ordinary day?

They turn their attention back to the game. I hate sports. I would have gotten up and pulled Alex to his room to seduce him but he had his arms fastened tight around me. After a moment, he starts to bounce his leg up and down. This moves the dildo in and out of my pussy slightly. I glance at Rick and Doug. Their eyes are fixed on the TV. 

The dildo keeps hitting my g-spot and I no longer care about the boring game. My attention is now focused on not making any noise as Alex keeps moving his leg up and down. I clamp my mouth shut and lean my head back so that my mouth is close to Alex's ear. "Baby, please," I hiss.

Alex laughs. "Oh, all right." Finally we head into his room. He closes the door and I close the curtains. "Strip," he orders. 

Excitedly I take off my shirt and pants and then my bra. I hesitate to take off my thong, suddenly shy about the dildo. "Take it off, slut. I wanna see everything." His words have made me hornier and I carefully pull off the thong. 

Alex is fully dressed and standing there with his arms crossed. I am naked, arms crossed shyly over my breasts, legs together lest the dildo slip from my wet pussy. 

For a moment we stand there looking at each other and I know he wants me. His eyes are warm and passionate and I know he loves me no matter what he says. No matter what games we play, I know he would never hurt me. No matter what he calls me, I know he doesn't really think me a slut.

But that gentle moment quickly vanishes and his gaze cools. He uncrosses his arms and reaches out to my wrists. He uncrosses my arms and roughly pulls my arms away from my breasts. "When I said I want to see, I meant I want to see. Stop hiding your tits and show me the goods."

Still holding my wrists he leans forward and wraps his lips around my left nipple. He gently sucks it to erection, and then moves to the other one. The sensations race directly to my cunt and I clench my muscles to hold the dildo in. he pulls away from my right nipple with a final flick of his tongue across it and looks at my face lustfully. 

Suddenly I am spun around, and I find myself being pushed forward. I would have fallen roughly to the floor had he not grabbed my wrists. Still my arms are twisted awkwardly behind me and I gasp. I am soon on my knees and Alex pushes me forward so that my face is on the floor. He releases my hands. "Hands and knees, like the bitch you are." I quickly comply. "Arch your back, show me that ass." I feel the dildo sticking out from my cunt awkwardly. I feel strange on my hands and knees in his room. He is still fully dressed and I feel a thrill of humiliation as he kneels behind me and places a hand on my bare ass. With his other hand he grasps the end of the dildo and begins to pull it from my wet pussy. The rubber cock slides out of my cunt fully but doesn't stop touching my body. 

My pussy is wet, the dildo slick with my juices. He uses it to fully wet my lips, soaking my entire crotch. I shiver with lust. "You slut," he murmurs. "Walking all across campus with this in your cunt has you soaked." He slaps my wet cunt with the dildo. 

Suddenly I feel his breath against my pussy. Though his breath is warm, it feels cool against my moist cunt. Again I shiver and suddenly moan as I feel his tongue on me. He licks me from clit to asshole, up and down my crotch several times and I'm shaking with lust. 

He pulls away just as suddenly and shoves the dildo back into my cunt. Once again I feel the rubber phallus deep inside me. "Have that, whore," he declares and then I feel his hand come down harshly against my ass. Instinctively I shrink back from the blow but he grabs my ponytail and jerks my head up. "Keep that precious plump behind of yours up!" I arch my back and thrust my ass back out. He slaps my ass again a few more times and then stands up. 

I hear him undo his pants and I wonder what's coming.

I don't have to wonder long. He kneels before me and grabs my ponytail again. He jerks my head up and forces his hard cock into my mouth. It slides along my tongue, my lips running down his shaft. "Work it, whore," Alex instructs. 

Head bobbing up and down on his shaft, I suck his cock as energetically as I can, taking it far into my mouth and moving it out again, my pouty lips sliding up and down his shaft. I lower my shoulders so I can look up at him. Alex is thin, wiry muscle under light skin. He has broad shoulders and strong arms that can wrap me up warm and tight or jerk me around like a doll. He has his eyes closed, mouth smiling.

He opens his eyes and looks down at me. His earlier warmth is present again and he smiles fondly at me. He gently strokes my face while I suck his dick and caresses my head. I sigh and close my eyes happily. 

My mouth opens in a gasp and eyes shoot open as he grabs my ponytail again. He guides my head up and down more furiously on his cock for a moment then yanks me off it. He uses my hair to pull me up and I move forward on my knees, clenching my vaginal muscles to hold the dildo in. He pulls my head to his and presses my lips against his. 

He kisses me deeply, our tongues dancing and I taste myself on him. I'm certain he tastes his cock on me.

He breaks the kiss and looks into my eyes. I am happy. I am soaking wet and horny. "You ready to get fucked?" Alex asks softly. 

"Oh, god, yes! Fuck me hard, baby!"

"On your back," he instructs as he gets up to put a condom on. 

I lay on my back on his floor, legs spread, the dildo is still in my pussy. I wonder how long it was since I got his call. How long since I lay on my bed in much the same position I'm in now, rubbing clit to get wet enough to slip the dildo in. 

Alex kneels between my legs and stares at my impaled cunt. "You filthy slut," he remarks. "Do you want it?"

"Please."

"What do you want? Tell me exactly what you want." He grabs the dildo and works it in and out of my pussy a few strokes.

"I want your cock fucking me good and hard," I plead. 

Alex laughs. He whips the dildo out of me and slips his cock into my pussy in its place. 

I sigh with pleasure. His cock is roughly the same size as my dildo but they are not the same. Alex's cock is warm. Unlike the dildo, it is not uniformly hard but rather a silk encased steel rod that moves with passion through my pussy. 

He leans forward and presses his hard chest against me. His flesh is warm and soft over his muscles. He wraps one hand under my head and grabs my hair. 

I groan as he starts to fuck me, driving his tool deep inside my soaking cunt. It probes my insides sending thrills of pleasure through my body. My nails dig into his back as my pleasure mounts. I bite and suck at his sinuous neck. I feel myself approaching climax already, so aroused I am from our foreplay.

Alex chooses that moment to pull away. He pulls his cock out of my cunt leaving me feeling empty and frustrated that my orgasm was aborted. 

"Turn over, bitch." He orders. I quickly move onto my hands and knees, my round ass sticking up. `

"Mmm," he says admiring my ass. I feel his hands on me, and then I feel him guide his cock into me. It parts my cunt lips and slides into my wet snatch effortlessly. 

He picks up speed, clawing wildly at my ass and hips as he fucks me with animalistic abandon, bereft of all civilized instincts and reduced to the pure, primitive need to fuck.

My voice has deserted me leaving me only with guttural grunts as I writhe my body on his rampaging cock.

Alex takes hold of my hips and pulls me into him penetrating me deeply on his cock. I gasp and feel shudders race through me and we start to cum in tandem. 

My hands slip on the carpet and I fall face first on the ground. Alex collapses on top of me. We lay there, sweating and gasping for several minutes. I feel his heart pounding against my back. 

"Fucking awesome, my little whore," he whispers in my ear.