 It had been a tough three months since my wife of 18 years left me for a man she met at work. We had been high school sweethearts and married right out of college, but after two kids and separate careers we had grown apart. I didn't really notice. I was too busy with work and figured she was just less interested in sex now that she was 40. It turned out she had been fucking this guy for the last year and a half. When she left me I was devastated. It felt like the whole foundation of my life had crumbled.

When I found out I had to go to San Diego for a few days on business I contacted a long time friend I had known since she was a teenager. Deb Meyers lived in San Diego with her husband Fred and daughter Amy. We had kept in touch over the years. Deb wrote me a touching letter when she learned Kathy and I had split. I decided to take some time off and pour out my woes to her. Her husband, Fred, was out of country that week, but Deb invited me to come anyway (with Fred's blessing) and to stay at their house.

I hadn't seen Deb in over three years, but when I showed up on Sunday she was still the perky, vivacious red head I had always known. She looked like a million dollars when she greeted me with that big smile, sparkling green eyes, tight jeans that hugged her dancer's legs and shapely ass, and a yellow T- shirt that hid a pair of small but pleasantly shaped tits. Deb was an aerobics teacher and looked as fit as ever. She kissed me on the cheek and took the bottle of wine I had brought with me.

I wasn't prepared for her teenage daughter, Amy. She was the perfect image of the Deb I knew when she was 18 and for a second I was transported back in time. I had never dated Deb because she was four years younger than me, but I did tease her incessantly when I would visit with her older brother who was my college roommate.

After eating, Deb and I sat on the patio drinking wine and talking. When Amy went to bed we moved onto the couch, now on our second bottle, and definitely feeling high. I began to unload my sorrow and pain on Deb who listened with a sympathetic ear. At one point I got choked up. Deb put her hand on my cheek to comfort me. I reached out to her and she gave me a hug while I sobbed like a big baby on her shoulder. 

She pushed my head up and started wiping the tears from my face. Our eyes locked. I saw a look of compassion in Deb's beautiful green eyes, but there was something else there as well. She was drawing me in with a pleading look of need. I knew better, but I moved my lips to hers. She responded by kissing me back. Her eyes closed and she parted her lips. Our kiss became more passionate as our tongues met and explored each other's mouth. Deb's throat started to purr. She pulled me tighter to her. 

I finally pushed away and looked back into her eyes, still holding her tightly.

"I don't think we should be doing this," I said questionably. 

"I know," Deb whispered, "but it has been kind of lonely the last year or so. Fred has never been a passionate man, but it's even worse lately. And he travels so much."

Deb started to cry. Now it was my turn to console her, which ended in another passionate kiss. This time the kiss was more desperate. Deb started clawing at the back of my neck and rubbing her hand along my side. My hand found her breast, which I caressed softly. We slid down on the couch until we were lying side-by-side with me slightly on top. My right leg was draped over hers. I could feel my engorged manhood pressing against her lower belly.

My hand slid under her T-shirt and into her bra until I was able to rub my finger over her nipple. Deb started kissing my neck and ear. She moved her right hand down my back until it came to rest on the upper part of my ass cheek. I slowly started grinding my cock against her. She shifted a little further under me, and then pushed her hand further down my ass, squeezing my cheek and pulling me tighter against her.

I pushed her bra up over her tits so my hands could have free access to her fleshy mounds and hard nipples. She started moaning and purring, signifying her pleasure at what I was doing. She slid her hand from my ass to my hip and tried to wedge it between us. I lifted up just enough to allow her to slide her hand over the hardness of my cock. My head started spinning as I felt her fingers pressing into it through my jeans. 

I mashed my lips back over hers and shoved my tongue deep into her mouth. I moved my hand from her tits down across her stomach and under the waist of her jeans. They were so tight that my fingertips were barely able to reach her panties. I pulled my hand back out so I could unsnap her jeans. Deb pulled away from my kiss when I pulled down her zipper.

"Oh God, Jim, we shouldn't be doing this."

"No, we shouldn't," I said slipping my fingers under the elastic of her panties and over her soft down. "Okay," she said gazing at my eyes as my fingers found the moist folds of her womanhood, "but you can't fuck me."

She closed her eyes as I sunk two fingers into her overheated cunt. She started humping them and whispering "yes" over and over. My fingers were plunging in and out of her juicy pussy and pressing against her clit on each stroke. I lowered my head to suck one of her tits deep into my mouth. Deb's moans turned to gasps. Her head was moving from side to side. She put her hand on the back of my head and grabbed a clump of hair. Her body stiffened. She lifted her ass up in the air and let out a small shriek. Juices gushed over my fingers as her pussy convulsed in orgasm. This went on for thirty or forty seconds before she finally relaxed.

I moved back up and started nibbling her neck while she caught her breath. Pretty soon we were kissing again. She slid her hand back over my cock. I began to hump it. She responded by massaging it with her fingers. She tried to shove her hand down the front of my jeans, but I had to help her with the belt and zipper before she was able to reach in. Finally, she wrapped her fingers around the bare flesh of my throbbing member. 

In no time we were back in the throes of passion with me fondling her tits while she stroked my cock. I moved my hand underneath her and shoved it down the back of her jeans so I could feel her ass. She lifted up and I was able to push her jeans and panties down over her ass. Deb turned on her side to give me better access. After kneading her cheeks and rubbing my fingers up and down her crack, I moved my hand underneath her and sunk my fingers back into her juicy pussy. I moved my head lower and sucked on her tits some more. She was getting really worked up again. In this position I was able to work her jeans and panties down far enough to free a leg. 

I kissed my way down her stomach, and then dropped to the floor on my knees. Deb had to let go of my cock, but I didn't care. I was determined to taste some of her luscious panty pudding. I rolled her onto her back, pushed her legs back and gazed at one of the most magnificent sights I had ever seen. Staring back at me were two pink glistening petals open wide in a nest of soft red curls which covered a slightly protruding mound. A tiny little clit was poking out at the top. Underneath was a small puckered pink nub. 

I moved in and clamped my mouth over her precious little mound. My tongue probed her searing hole and flicked across her tiny clit. Deb put her hands on the back of my head and slowly gyrated against my mouth and tongue.

"Oh God, lick me, baby... yeah... suck my pussy... oh Jesus..."

My mouth and tongue were working aggressively slurping and sucking on her sweet nectar. I started shoving two fingers in and out of her cunt while I nibbled on her clit. With my free hand I reached up and kneaded her tits. Deb's gasps were getting more desperate. I could tell she was on the verge of a big cum. I inserted a third finger and clamped my lips over her clit, sucking it in my mouth. She exploded, bucking forcefully against my face and squealing loudly. Juices poured from her, which I eagerly lapped up. She held my face tightly against her cunt until she finally was able to relax about a minute later. 

As she was catching her breath I climbed back up on top of her. Her legs were on either side of me. My cock was poking out of the top of my briefs, so it was an easy matter to position the head against the lips of her womanly treasures. I bent down to kiss her and started rotating my hips until my cock was lodged in her opening. Just as I began to enter her, she pushed me away violently.

"No. No. We can't. Not that... please."

"I am really sorry, Deb. Please forgive me. I just got carried away. I'm sorry."

I rolled off her and sat up shaking my head. 

"You're just a guy with needs. I'm the one that's sorry because I really want it. It just wouldn't be right."

I noticed her staring at my eight-inch hard-on poking up from my briefs as she pulled on her jeans. I was about to grab my pants when Deb sat up next to me and wrapped her hand around my cock.

"Well, maybe I can help a little. It wouldn't be fair to leave you like this."

I thought I was going to get a hand job, but Deb leaned over me and I felt her warm, wet lips slide down the sides of my cock. She used her tongue on my sensitive head as she bobbed up and down on me. Every now and then she would pull away and jerk me off with her hand before putting me back in her mouth. 

I knew I wasn't going to last much longer, particularly when she started taking me deeper in her mouth and massaging the head with her throat. I grabbed the back of her head and started fucking her face. She had one hand around the base of my cock moving it up and down in rhythm with her bobbing head. Saliva was drooling all over me.

I finally felt the surge begin in my balls. Every ounce of energy seemed to rush to my groin. My cock swelled and my head started spinning. I let out a loud primal grunt and felt my balls shrink, unleashing a powerful jet of cum into Deb's mouth. The first blast went on and on, spraying from me like a hose. A second and third powerful gush followed. Most of it was washing up into Deb's mouth and drooling back out over my cock and her hand. I felt some of it trickling down my balls and soaking my briefs. 

I don't believe I had ever cum so much in my life. Deb never took my cock from her mouth. She kept on sucking me long after I was drained and started to wilt. She finally sat up and smiled at me with cum all over her lips and chin. She wiped it away with her fingers, and then looked down at the goo all over her hand.

"I think you've been saving that for quite some time. I guess I was the lucky girl. Let me get something to clean up this mess."

She got some wet towels and we cleaned the best we could. We talked about how this would have to be a one-time thing, and tomorrow things would go back to the way they were. As we got up, she asked me to give her one last hug before she went to bed. Well, the hug turned into another kissing and groping session. I had her pressed against the wall and was dry humping her while rubbing her tits and shoving my tongue down her throat. She was grinding her pussy against my cock, which had grown rock hard again. Finally, Deb pulled away and ran off to her bedroom.

After showering, I climbed into bed in the buff, but was having a hard time sleeping as I played the events of the night over and over in my head. About 45 minutes later the door opened and Deb entered my room wearing a short nightie with a pair of cotton panties.

"I know I shouldn't be here," Deb whispered as she sat on the side of the bed, "but it's not tomorrow yet and I thought maybe you could hold me for a little while. Would that be okay?"

Without waiting for an answer, Deb climbed under the sheets and slid her back up against me, pulling my hand around her waist and resting it on her stomach. I pulled her tightly against me until I could feel the soft cheeks of her ass pressing against me. I put my face up into her neck and began very lightly kissing it. I detected a faint purr, so I started rubbing her stomach. She wiggled her ass back against me and purred more loudly. I could feel a hard-on rapidly growing along the crack of her ass, and I'm sure she could feel it too.

I moved my lips from her neck to her ear, using my tongue to probe it ever so gently. She let out an "aaaaahhhh" sound. My hand moved up her stomach until my finger brushed against the flesh of her breast. She made no attempt to stop me as I cupped and fondled it. By now my cock was fully erect. I shifted slightly until I could feel it press into the crack of her ass. She pressed back so I started very slowly rubbing it against her.

Deb turned her head and our lips met. She took my hand, which had been rubbing her breast and moved it down between her legs, pressing my fingers into the moist crotch of her panties. I rubbed her this way for a while, and then slipped my fingers under the elastic until they met the searing folds of her beautiful pussy. Deb let out a gasp as my fingers found their way inside her. She lifted her leg to give me better access.

My cock worked itself down her ass until it was pressing into Deb's cotton panties only inches from where my fingers were buried. I shifted down until the tip of my cock was poking between her legs and against my fingers. I reached out and guided the tip of my manhood to the moist folds of her cunt. I started moving the head up and down her slit. She was moaning and slowly gyrating her ass. Just to make sure it was okay to go further, I took her hand and put it on my cock. She continued rubbing it up and down her slit. I pressed forward until I could feel the head begin to move inside her. Deb turned her head towards me.

"You're going to fuck me, aren't you?"

"Only if you want."

"Don't make it my decision."

With that she removed her hand. I lifted her leg in the air and moved further under her. My cock was still positioned just at her opening. I pressed forward slowly and felt myself begin to sink into her hot, moist love tunnel. Once the head was in I stopped to give her a chance to pull away. She didn't. I slowly pushed myself deeper inside her warm pussy. When I was all the way embedded, I stayed there for several seconds. I felt her cunt walls twitch against me, gripping me tightly. I backed all the way out and slid in deeply a second time. After several more strokes Deb turned her head to me again.

"Get on top. I want to look at your face while you're in me. I want to see your eyes as you fill my pussy and wrap my legs around you and pull you into me."

I pulled out. She quickly shed her panties and nightie. I quickly climbed between her legs. She grabbed my cock and guided it to her pink opening.

"Look at me," she demanded.

Our eyes locked. She put me inside her and I slowly sunk my shaft deep into her belly. Her eyes were desperate.

"Fuck me, Jim. Fuck me like I've never been fucked before."

I started slamming in and out of her like a piston. She wrapped her arms and legs around me. Our lips mashed together and we practically ate each other's face as we fucked with abandon. Deb started to orgasm. She dug her fingernails into my back and bit her lip to keep from screaming. Juices leaking from her cunt caused my balls to slap against her ass in wet smacking sounds.

We rolled over and Deb got on top. I grabbed her ass cheeks to help her slam repeatedly up and down on my cock. She had another orgasm that went on and on. I was about to cum when she climbed off, spun around and thrust her pussy in my face while swallowing my cock. We ate each other's sex until Deb came again. She crawled forward and stuffed my cock back up her pussy, then sat up and started riding me. As I was about to blast a huge load up her cunt, she leaned back until she was lying on me. I reached down and rubbed her clit with one hand and pinched her nipple with the other while continuing to pound my cock in her from below.

"Fuck me, baby. Fuck me hard... Oh God... I love your big cock... slam my cunt... aaahhhhhhh.... Fill me with cum...oooohhhhh... squirt it in me, baby... uuunnnggghhh."

That did it. Just as Deb's whole body started shaking my cock swelled and began blasting a huge load up her cunt. I kept pumping and she kept cumming. I don't know how long it went on, but I could feel the mixed juices of our passion trickling down my balls as I was catching my breath. I stayed in her for a long time. Her cunt would occasionally spasm against my cock as I began to soften. She finally turned over so she was facing me. We kissed softly as we enjoyed the afterglow. I could feel my stuff leaking from her making a slimy mess on the sheets.

"Oh, God, what am I going to do now. I'm afraid I'm addicted," she said grabbing my slimy cock and flicking her thumb over the head until it stirred back to life. 

"Does that mean you're up for another round."

"Only if you are," she said sliding down my body and swallowing my half limp member into her mouth.

We fucked twice more that night, the last one being a marathon session that went on for 45 minutes. We were both sweating profusely. She just couldn't get enough. I can't even begin to count the number of orgasms Deb had. Sometimes I think it was just one long continuous orgasm for her. She left for her room at 3am. I was completely drained.

To Be Continued...