 That morning Amy came into my room while I was getting dressed and her mother was fixing breakfast. She was wearing a short pink night shirt with a bear on the front.

"I saw mom give you a blow job and then you shot stuff all over her. And I saw you fucking in the pool. I watched from the kitchen."

"Listen, Amy. Your mom is lonely right now and I took advantage of her. You shouldn't be watching. And no more fooling around like yesterday, understand?"

She pouted, then gave me one of those patented wicked smiles that run in her family. She grabbed the bottom of her night shirt and pulled it up over her naked tits. Her white panties were practically see through. The darkness of her red curls were visible against her slightly bulging crotch.

"Well, if that's the way you feel about it. But first let me show you what I did while I was watching you and mom."

While looking right at me she put her hand in her panties and rubbed her fingers over her pussy. With her other hand she played with her nipple. I was wearing boxers and my growing cock pushed them out like a tent.

"I had a whole bunch of orgasms. But it would have been better if you were helping me. I'll bet if you helped me now I would have a really big cum."

She walked towards me. Despite my better judgment I didn't move. I found my hand slipping into her panties and cupping the back of hers. We kissed. My fingers slid over the moist folds of her pussy as she pulled her hand away. I found her little clit and started rubbing it hard and fast. A few moments later she dug her fingers into me and gasped as her body shook with orgasm. Pussy juice coated my fingers and dripped into her panties, leaving a small wet spot.

"Ooofff. that was fast. Should I do you now?"

She grabbed my cock and stroked it. I almost let her continue, but knew we couldn't.

"No," I said removing her hand, "We'd better get out to breakfast before your mom gets suspicious."

I was left with another case of the blue balls, but I had to get to an early appointment before Amy left for school so I couldn't corner Deb for a quick fuck. I'd have to wait until later that evening. At least she didn't have to teach, so I wouldn't have to cope with Amy in an empty house.

I returned at two and no one was there. I found a note on the counter that Deb had to teach for a friend but would be home around five. Amy, on the other hand, would be home from school any minute. While I knew it was wrong, part of me was very excited at the prospect of a few hours alone with this sexy young virgin.

I changed into my swim suit to catch a few rays and read a book. I heard Amy come in and get a snack. She saw me sitting there and said she'd be out after she changed.

The suit she wore this time was much more revealing. The top was basically a string with two tiny yellow patches of cloth giving minimal support and covering little more than her nipples. It actually pushed up her small tits to make them look bigger. The bottom was also a string with a patch of yellow cloth covering her pussy on one side and the crack of her ass on the other. It was cut short enough that the very top of her ass was exposed. It wasn't quite a thong, but the cheeks of her ass were completely bare.

"Does your mother let you wear that?"

"Well, sometimes when it's just the two of us here. I tell her I want to get a better tan. But sometimes I wear it when Jenny and I go to the beach. We pretend like we're models and strut around so all the guys look at us."

She bent over to put a towel in the chair. Her mostly bare ass was right I front of me and I could see the outline of her pussy through her suit. I was tempted to bury my face in her treasures and smell her essence. She looked back and caught me staring.

"Get a good look?"

She wriggled her ass, pushing it closer to my face. My cock had become hard and was quite noticeable in my tight suit. Amy didn't miss this fact.

"Oh wow. You're all hard. Did you get hard by just looking at me? God, that's really neat."

My hormones took over. I stood, took Amy's head in my hands and kissed her, shoving my tongue deep into her mouth. She kissed me back. She moved her hand over the front of my suit and rubbed my throbbing manhood. I pulled her top down over her tits and rubbed my fingers over her nipples. She pushed my suit down until my cock popped free, then wrapped her hand around me and started stroking it.

I put my hands on her shoulders and guided her to a sitting position on the chair, then stepped out of my suit. My cock was now pointing right at her face. Amy was staring at it as she continued to stroke me.

"You can kiss it if you want."

Amy leaned forward and examined it up closed. Then she gently brushed her lips against the underside of my shaft. I felt the wet tip of her tongue touch me and move in a little circle sending shivers of pleasure through me. Then she pulled away and went back to examining my cock up close, her hand stroking me slowly as she did.

"Would you like to put it in your mouth?"

"Do you want me to?"

"It would feel really good, but just touching me feels good too."

"I've never given anyone a blow job. What if I do it wrong."

"You can't do it wrong, Amy. Just pretend like it's a popcicle, only don't bite it. And use your tongue."

"Um, I kinda want to, but I'm afraid you'll cum in my mouth."

"I won't. Don't worry, I'll let you know when I'm getting ready to cum."

It was time to quit talking. I put my hands on the back of Amy's head and pushed my cock towards her face. This time she placed her lips against the tip of my manhood and slowly parted them as I pressed forward. The whole head entered her wet mouth. I felt her tongue flick across it as I pressed further. Just the thought of being in this hot young girl's mouth had my balls churning. I wasn't going to last very long.

"That's good, Amy. Now move your head so it goes in and out of your mouth.. Oh, God that feels good. Use your tongue, sweetheart. ooooohhhhh yes. Now squeeze your lips against me and suck in and out. aaaaahhhhhh. Keep using your hand. Move it up and down. oh Jesus, Amy, it feels sooooo good."

I was definitely not going to last much longer. I was trying to hold off as long as I could, but I was rapidly nearing the five second warning. That was when I noticed that Amy was also getting worked up just from sucking on my cock. Her knees were opening and closing while she squirmed in her seat. I could both hear and feel her purring. 

I reached down with both hands and started pinching her nipples. Her level of excitement increased. She put a hand between her legs and started rubbing herself. Then she pulled the crotch of her bikini to the side slipped two fingers into her pussy. I could see her fingers rubbing her juicy gash among a sparse crop of curly red hair. It was too much. I couldn't hold back anymore. I felt the blood rush to my groin, my cock swell and my balls shrink.

"I'm gonna cum, Amy. here it comes. oh God. aaaarrrrgggghhhhh."

I tried to back away just before I unloaded, but Amy kept her mouth clamped tightly to my swelling member. The first full blast splashed against the back of her throat. Amy started cumming at the same time. I fell from her mouth as she gasped for air. My cock kept spewing cum all over her face and tits until I was drained. Amy finished her orgasm shortly afterwards.

Amy gazed up at me with a look of wonderment. Cum was dripping from her chin and drooling out the corner of her mouth. One eye was splattered shut and half her nose was coated with white goo. She had several large blotches on her upper chest and tits. I could tell she wasn't quite sure what to do with the pool of cum still in her mouth. She finally licked her lips, closed her mouth, made a face and swallowed. When she was finished she looked up at me and giggled.

"It tastes kind of funny. I thought it would be gross, but I guess its okay. Well, better than okay. like, you know, I couldn't believe I had an orgasm just from giving you a blowjob. I mean, you're the one who's supposed to get off, not me. I'm glad I let you cum in my mouth, though. I even swallowed it. I never thought I'd do that. Jenny says guys like it when a girl swallows their cum. Is that true?"

"Well, sure. I mean, guys like the thought of cumming in a girl's mouth and of her swallowing it. I think they feel more appreciated. So I'm glad you let me cum in your mouth, Amy. And I'm glad you swallowed it."

Amy smiled proudly, looking up at me with her one eye that wasn't caked in cum. I decided it was time for a cool off and clean-up swim. Without warning I grabbed Amy's legs and slung her over my shoulder. She shrieked and begged me to put her down. I walked over to the edge of the pool and threw her into the water. I stood there on the edge with my hands on my hips and my semi-limp cock hanging between my legs. Amy looked up at me from the pool.

"Hey, you didn't even warn me. That's no fair. I'll get you for that."

I dove in over the top of her, then doubled back underwater, grabbed her bikini bottoms and pulled them down to her knees. She spun around as I stood up behind her. Amy stepped out of her bottoms and threw them up on the side of the pool. I began inching closer to Amy causing her to back up until she was against the wall. Her eyes were playing with me, almost daring me to make a move. I put my hands on her waist and lifted her out of the water until her pussy was right in front of my face. I took a good long look at the puffy little pussy mound with a dark crack running down the middle under a soft crop of red pubic hair. 

"Hey, that's not fair. Put me down." 

I lowered her stomach to my face and planted a kiss on her bellybutton, probing it with my tongue. Then I put her back down in the water.

"Did anyone ever tell you that you have a pretty little pussy."

"Why did you kiss my bellybutton? It felt kinda weird. Do you really think I have a pretty pussy?"

"Yes, Amy, you have the most delicious looking pussy I've seen in a long time, maybe ever. And I kissed your bellybutton because I wasn't sure you'd like it if I kissed you where I really wanted."

"Oh my god, you wanted to kiss me THERE? Wouldn't it gross you out? Jenny says it drives a girl crazy. Would you really do it?"

"Believe me, Amy, I would love doing it to you. It wouldn't be gross at all."

"I saw you do it to mom and she really liked it. So why didn't you kiss me there if that's what you wanted?"

"I didn't think you'd be ready for it. I didn't want to upset you."

"Oh. Well, I wouldn't have minded if you did. I don't think anyway."

"Are you saying you want me to?"

"I dunno. Maybe."

Her eyes locked on mine. I leaned over and planted a soft kiss on her lips. I moved my hands up to her tits, softly kneading them as our tongues played with each other. I lowered my hands to her waist and lifted her back in the air, this time sitting her on the side of the pool. I pushed her knees apart. Amy didn't resist in the least. I gazed down at her dark gash clearly visible through her sparse red curls.

I leaned over and planted a light kiss right over her pussy. I lightly flicked my tongue over her gash and then pulled away. She was completely under my power.

"Stand up," I commanded.

Amy stood right in front of me, completely naked. Her youthful body was intoxicating to look at. Her bright red nipples were poking out from the small swells of her lilly white breasts. Her flat stomach tapered to the swell of her pussy mound covered with red curls.

I put my hands on the side of the pool and pushed myself out of the water until my face was inches from her gorgeous pussy. I leaned my head forward until my lips touched her young womanhood. I opened my mouth and kissed it. My tongue flicked itself up and down her gash until I felt it open to me. Amy let out a soft moan. I could taste her juices as they started to flow from the depths of her cunt.

"Oh my god that feels so good. Ooooohhhh."

I lowered myself back into the pool. Amy's pussy was open with the folds of her cunt peeking out from the red curls. It was a beautiful site. I could feel a throbbing need in my cock as it continued to swell.

"Why did you stop?"

"Don't worry. I'm just getting started. Let's go over to the lounge chair."

I put the lounge in the fully reclined position and lay down on my back.. My cock was erect and poking up towards my bellybutton. Amy stood by the lounge chair and stared down at it.

"Are you going to fuck me? I don't think I want to. Not yet."

"No, Amy. I wouldn't do that. I'm going to eat your pussy. Here, put your leg over me like this."

She swung her leg over my head. I pulled her pussy down to my mouth and started kissing, licking and sucking it. She gyrated her ass against me, grinding her pussy into my face. I clamped my mouth over her clit and rapidly flicked my tongue over it. 

"Oh my god.oh my god. ooohhhh. ooohhhh. uuuunnnngghhh."

Amy was close. I nibbled on her clit, then sucked her whole pussy into my mouth while burying my tongue deep in her cunt. She exploded. She let out a series of high pitched wails while her whole body thrashed about. I flicked my tongue over her asshole sending her off on a series of secondary convulsions. My entire mouth and chin were covered with her cum.

She pulled her pussy away from my mouth and fell forward, propping herself with her arms on the sides of the recliner. My fully erect throbbing cock brushed against one of her breasts sending shivers through me. I grabbed my cock and rubbed it across her tits and over her nipples. Amy looked down at what I was doing. Her hand replaced mine as she continued to rub my hardness across her tits.

"Use your mouth, Amy. Suck my cock while I eat your pussy."

She slid back until her pussy was in my face. I felt her warm lips envelop my cock. I clamped my mouth over her slimy cunt lips and shoved my tongue up her hot fuck hole. She humped my face as I tongue fucked her. I sucked on her clit and flicked my tongue over it. Her mouth tightened over my cock as she moaned with pleasure. 

I shoved two fingers up her cunt and rotated them around inside while continuing to suck her clit. Her lower body squirmed against my face while she dug her fingers into my leg. She clamped her thighs against my head and started shaking. My cock fell from her mouth. She let out a high pitched shriek as she started to cum. Juices poured from her cunt and dripped down my chin. I kept sucking and she kept cumming. That's when we heard the doorbell.

Amy was in no position to move, so I quickly pulled on my suit which did little to hide my huge hard- on. I threw on my T-shirt which only partially hid it. At the door was a gorgeous twenty something woman who looked like a California swim wear model. She had long blond hair, big blue eyes, a light tan, puffy light pink lips, extremely shapely tits displayed nicely in her low cut halter, a tiny waist with a flat stomach, long muscular tanned legs and a pair of tight red short shorts hugging her hips. The dark outline of her nipples were visible through her white halter, and her shorts were so tight that the bulge of her pussy could be seen. I stood there staring.

"Oh, hi. I'm Traci, a neighbor across the street. I was looking for Deb. Do I know you?"

Traci glanced down at my bulging cock then looked back at me.

"Uh, no. I'm just an old friend visiting. Deb's not here right now."

"I just wanted to borrow some eggs. Do you think that would be okay? Dan is coming home tomorrow and I wanted to bake him a cake."

I introduced myself and watched her shapely ass wiggle over to the refrigerator. I looked out at the pool and was relieved to see that Amy had managed to get back into her skimpy little swim suit. Traci noticed me looking out the window.

"Cute isn't she? But that's not much of a swim suit. Deb had better keep an eye on her. If I were a guy I'd probably get excited looking too, even if she is kind of young." 

She stole a quick glance at my swim suit to let me know she was referring to my hard-on which she had noticed at the front door. I turned red and looked away. Then she put her hand on my arm and changed the subject.

"Hey, do you know anything about garbage disposals? Mine stopped working and I hate to call a repairman. Dan won't be back until tomorrow, but he probably wouldn't know what to do either."

"I'd be happy to look at it."

I followed Traci across the street to her house. The garbage disposal was easily unstuck when I pulled some fibers out of it. Traci was the touchy-feely type and grabbed my arm while brushing against me with her tits.

"I don't know how to thank you," she said in her soft sexy voice, sliding her hands up over my biceps. 

"Oh, wow. You have really muscular arms."

Now she was openly flirting. I decided to push right back.

"Well you have very nice bulges yourself," I replied while looking at her melons.

"You like my boobs?" Traci asked stepping away from me and opening her arms. "Do you want to see them?"

Without waiting for an answer she untied her halter and let it fall to the floor. Staring at me were two "c" cup pear shaped beauties capped with light brown nipples pointing slightly upwards. They were exquisite.

"That is the most spectacular pair of tits I have ever seen."

"Thank you. I can see that you like them."

Traci stared at my bulging crotch. She pulled the zipper down on the front of her shorts and they fell open just above her pussy. She obviously wasn't wearing any panties.

"If you want to see more you have to take off your shirt."

I ripped it off in record speed. Traci turned her back to me and peeled her shorts down over her ass. She pulled on the bottom of them and they fell to her ankles. Then she stepped out of them. The two perfect spheres of her ass tapered into her shapely thighs just where it curved between her legs.

"I'll turn around when you take off your suit."

I stood there naked with an eight inch hard-on sticking straight out from me. Traci turned around slowly. Her pussy was completely shaved. I could see the dark slit running down the middle of her puffy mound. The fleshy folds of her cunt peeked through the slit and her clit was protruding from its little boat.

"Wow. That's quite a tool. I hope you're sharing it with Deb - god only knows she needs it. I don't think Fred has much to offer in that department. I bet you'd like to teach Amy a thing or two as well."

I just stood there and smiled knowingly, not sure of what to say or do. Traci, however, knew exactly what she wanted. She grabbed the cooking oil from the cupboard and squirted some onto her hands.

"You know what I like to do when I'm naked? I like to rub oil all over my body. It makes me feel so sexy. I'll do you if you'll do me."

She started rubbing oil on my chest and stomach. She took another handful and handed me the bottle. I did her shoulders and arms. She moved closer to me and rubbed oil on my back while I did hers. Her tits pressed against me as she reached all the way around and rubbed my ass cheeks. She kept the lower part of her body far enough away so my cock didn't touch, but I still felt like I was going to explode.

Traci took the bottle of oil and poured it between us. I moved my hands to her gorgeous tits and rubbed oil over them, paying particular attention to her nipples. She lifted her arms in the air so I could have full access. Then she slowly lowered herself to a squatting position with my cock only inches from her face. Traci ignored it and began oiling my legs. She worked her hands up the back of my thighs and then up over my ass cheeks with her fingers wedged in my crack. She oiled my asshole stopping momentarily to press her finger against it. 

More than once my cock rubbed against her cheek, but Traci continued to ignore it. Finally she oiled my balls and throbbing cock taking time to stroke and massage it gently. I came close to exploding when she took extra time oiling the sensitive head. When she was finished she gave it a quick kiss on the tip and stood up. She handed me the oil.
