 Chris Stevens felt his face redden as Lindsay Briar's tongue lashed him. Her face was already an angry crimson as she passionately denigrated Chris and his department.

One of the Management Team rules was that its members should not interrupt each other, so he was forced to sit and listen. The rule could be infuriating, but not as infuriating as Lindsay.

Halfway through, Chris stopped hearing her. He gazed at his fingernails and bit his tongue—literally. His embarrassment started to subside when he scanned the other faces around the room and recognized in his colleagues' expressions. He saw that they felt she'd overstated her argument and damaged her case. They had all been there before with Lindsay, and mostly viewed her as the enemy.

The tragedy in her being the most annoying person on the planet was that it was easy to overlook how attractive she was. Her shoulder-length blonde hair was straight and well-groomed, flowing around her face and highlighting her startling blue eyes. She had a nice figure that she hid well under charcoal business suits and her nose and mouth wouldn't be out of place on a catwalk. When she opened that mouth, though, all illusions of Lindsay as an object of desire were smothered.

Her voice was shrill and cutting when she got animated and today she was on a par with any Disney character. What started as a point about how the month-end numbers were late again had turned into another all-out attack. Fortunately, Chris could not have cared less anymore.

At the end of her poisonous assault she looked at him for a response.

Chris shrugged to everyone in the room. "She's got a point." At the same time he was thinking, She may also have a dick though. "I'll look into the issue. See if there's anything we can do."

Lindsay appeared slowed—probably because she had spent ten minutes building an argument against him and he conceded immediately. "You... you mean you don't already know what went wrong?"

"No." Chris smiled innocently. I do, but you can go screw for now. 

"But it's your team!" She exploded again. "Have you got no control over what happens?"

He idly rubbed the corner of his eye with a finger. He knew the relaxed gesture would wind her up further. "It's only the fourth of the month. I'll have an answer and an action plan for you in a few days."

His lack of fight finally silenced her and the Chairperson moved them on to the next agenda item.

Chris smiled smugly and sipped at his glass of water. For once he enjoyed the mad-as-hell gaze he knew Lindsay Briar was directing at him.

*****

An hour later, he arrived back in his office. He was reconnecting his laptop when Lindsay barged in behind him. He didn't look up, but heard the door shut behind her, loud enough to make him wonder if the plaque showing his name and title, IT Manager, had fallen off.

"I guess that's violated my open door policy." He looked up and smiled.

Lindsay's look might have wilted a cactus. "Can we talk?" Her tone indicated a statement, rather than the question.

No. "Sure." He tapped his password on the keyboard. "Can I get you a coffee?"

"Your team is making me look bad."

Chris almost laughed. I thought you're doing a great job of that without their help. "I know you have issues Lindsay, but we're getting to them. Things are improving. No coffee, then?"

Her eyes bulged with anger. He watched her ponder her next attack and wondered about the unlucky bastard who was married to her. Unconfirmed rumors were that she was recently separated though—so that poor bastard may have caught a break.

Lindsay was twenty-eight and the company's Administration Manager. In the five months she had been there her department's efficiency had increased by twenty percent and she had made zero percent friends. Chris knew one of her Team Leads well and had heard the expression, "She needs a good fucking to loosen her up" several times. It was unusual that a good-looking blonde didn't have a line of volunteers for the job, but in her case it was no surprise.

She finally sat down on his guest chair, took a deep breath and tapped the folder she was holding. "Look, whether you like it or not, you've screwed up the month-end numbers for eight of the last ten months."

"That's an exaggeration."

"No it's not. You just have your head too far up your ass to see what's going on."

"No way it's more than three times." Chris's tone hardened as he fumbled through his memory for confirmation. "Maybe four, no more—bet you anything you like."

Lindsay shook her head slowly. "Come out of denial. Eight times."

He could only remember two instances prior to the current problems when there were issues. He figured there might be another couple he'd forgotten so was sure he was on solid ground. "No way you can prove more than five times," he dismissed. "Show me more than five and I'll run naked around the third floor."

She gave him a measured look of sympathy and then handed him the folder. "It's your funeral... or your naked butt at least."

The front sheet detailed month-end issues going back a year. Problems with his own department were highlighted in red. His heart started to sink when he counted four and by the time he got to six he realized he was in a hole that required no more digging. The final number was eight. Chris quietly replaced the paper and closed the folder. He could feel that his face had paled.

"Can we agree we have an issue here that requires your immediate, and full, attention?" She took the folder back.

Chris nodded—his throat now dry.

"Good." Lindsay stood up and opened his office door. "Let's talk about your action plan tomorrow." She stepped out into the corridor.

His sigh of relief was half-way across his lips when she hustled back. "Oh, I almost forgot," she smiled with a vicious mock sweetness, "I do intend to collect on that bet."

*****

The cruelest thing was the waiting. The bet hung over Chris for almost two weeks—unmentioned by either of them and plaguing his psyche. It was a slow torture that was reawakened each time he saw her and she said nothing on the subject. He knew the real pain was yet to come but the waiting was beginning to tear him apart to the point he considered mentioning it to her.

Lindsay's email arrived on a Thursday. It had no subject and the only text in the message was, "Saturday, 7:30 a.m."

Chris stared at the email for several minutes and enjoyed the tainted relief. At least she hadn't been sadistic enough to insist he paid his debt during working hours. In six months this was the first sympathetic gesture he had seen from her. He replied using the same text, "Saturday, 7:30 a.m."

He didn't sleep much that Friday night. His mind turned over and over, wondering how the whole episode might play out and trying to figure out how he could minimize his embarrassment. He planned a route around the third floor that would afford most cover and even practiced slipping in and out of his pants for minimum exposure.

He lived alone, so there was no one around to question why he was trimming his pubic hair before bed. Chris figured that if he was going to be exposed he'd better look as good as he could. His nervous discomfort continued when he got into bed but all of his misgivings were tinged with a slight sexual edge. At first he was simply holding his erection, but before long he was masturbating.

The following morning Lindsay's car was already in the lot when he arrived. Thankfully, Chris's car brought the total number of vehicles there to two. He jumped out and almost ran to the office door. He was keen to get this over before anyone else arrived.

Lindsay was dressed in jeans and a sweatshirt and standing with her arms folded when he arrived on the floor. "Good morning," she welcomed him with a dry look.

"Hi." He smiled uncertainly. For all his thoughts and planning, he had no clue what to say or do next. A late-breaking idea was to ask her for leniency. He dismissed the idea, but wasn't sure whether he was being brave or because he was enjoying the excitement.

As usual, Lindsay was all business. "There's no one else here yet, but I know some of my team, at least, are working this morning. I figure you have enough time to get this done without losing your job. I wasn't sure you'd turn up."

"A bet's a bet," he answered dryly.

"Agreed." She didn't move but her face adopted a knowing look. "But losing a bet like this to a woman... some guys would've done anything to wriggle out of it."

Chris sighed. "Okay. Let's go." He started to pull at the buttons on his shirt and turned away. "I hope you haven't hidden any cameras around here." He tried to joke but the higher than normal pitch of his voice gave him away.

"No cameras." She confirmed with a slightly nervous laugh of her own. "Just me. I'll wait here."

Chris threw his shirt on a chair and surveyed his route. The floor was square with a central bank of elevators and stairs that prevented an all-around view of the space. There was a path between the desks that made a lap of less than two hundred yards. He figured this would be all over in less than a minute.

He kept his back to her as he kicked off his shoes and socks. As he unzipped his jeans he had one final thought about checking that she wanted him to go through with this, but in the end he hooked his fingers into the waistband and pulled them down. When his hands returned to do the same to his briefs he was relieved to find that he wasn't hard. Without another word or look at her, he pulled the briefs away, threw them on the chair and set off around the floor at a brisk walk.

"Running." Lindsay called after him. "The deal was running."

Chris picked up the pace and immediately felt the unusual sensation of his cock bouncing up and slapping against his thighs and lower belly. "Stay limp," he encouraged himself in a whisper. It wasn't a plea he had ever expected to utter.

As he made his second turn and knew that her line of sight was obstructed he felt he'd done a good job of keeping his bobbing member obscured, but he also knew that the next turn would bring him full-frontal to her. He looked up as he rounded the corner desk and saw that she hadn't moved and was staring straight at him. Her arms were still crossed and she had a slight smile on her face as her eyes followed him back to his clothes.

His heart thumped in his chest as he started to dress and he wasn't sure if it was because of the exertion or the excitement. He was still facing away from her as he pulled on his jeans that there was a noticeable inflation in his cock.

"Well done." Lindsay was smirking when he turned to face her, still fastening his shirt.

"Glad you enjoyed," he deadpanned.

"I like winning." She finally uncrossed her arms and took a step away from her leaning position. "Come on. I'll buy you breakfast."

It wasn't exactly what Chris was expecting to hear but after a short pause to take her offer in he followed her.

Sitting across from her in the deli he decided that he liked her weekend look better than the harsh appearance he was more familiar with. Her blonde hair was lighter and less groomed, her face sported less make-up, and he loved the pastel pink and blue colors of her loose sweatshirt and impossibly tight jeans. The biggest change was that she wore glasses. He'd never realized she normally wore contacts. The narrow, frameless specs were a feature on her casually fresh face.

Over omelets and pancakes they chipped away at some more of the ice between them.

The office rumors were fact—she had recently separated. Apart from hunting for a new house, she had nothing going on in her life outside of work. Chris got the impression she was being cautious about what she gave away about her private life but a more playful side of her was emerging, and it was a side he liked. When he asked her about her hardass image he saw her smile fully for the first time. He watched her eyes soften and her full lips open as she shook her head at him.

"I'm just trying to get the job done." She wagged a playful fingertip at him. "Maybe I try too hard sometimes. You guys just hate perfectionists."

"Depends what you're being a perfectionist about."

"I want to be a perfectionist at everything." She giggled and her face lit up some more. He found himself wondering what it might be like to kiss those perfectionist's lips. Underneath the table his cock started to appreciate this new side of Lindsay.

When the check came Lindsay picked it up swiftly. "I'll get this." Chris reached to challenge her but she dismissed him. "I'll expense it—call it a team-building exercise."

His eyebrows arched quizzically.

"Team building works," she assured him. "I have more respect for a colleague after today."

When they got back to the parking lot Chris stood by while she opened her door. She slipped into the driver's seat and grinned up at him. "How about we have a reverse bet? I'll make the run, if you don't screw the month-end numbers up next week?"

His mind ran through the bet. "What's the penalty if the numbers are wrong?"

Her face took on an impish look now as she turned the key and fired up the car. "For a big error, we'll carry over to next month. For a small error... maybe I get to keep my underwear on?"

There was no downside and the undertone was intriguing. "Deal."

"Deal." Lindsay closed her door and pulled away. It was impossible to be certain, but Chris thought he saw her wink at him trough the tinted glass.

*****

He held daily meetings with his team in the run up to month-end. He had them make a plan for double and triple-checking the numbers to make sure there were no errors before they were published and promised he'd take them out for a team dinner if everything was perfect. As the big day drew close, he was more nervous than he expected.

As Chris sat at his desk and personally checked the numbers one final time his belly was a knot of tension. When he hit the send button on the email that delivered all of Lindsay's team's activity he swallowed and stared at the screen until the send icon stopped flashing. The moment of truth was still a day away, but there was nothing more he could do to influence the outcome.

Lindsay obviously prolonged his pain as much as she could. Her mail came at the very end of the following day. "Congratulations. Saturday, 7:30 a.m.?"

A huge smile took over his face and he started to wonder what she would be wearing before she took it off.

*****

Lindsay's car was there when he arrived—just like last time. Today he ran to the office door for an entirely different reason.

When he got to the third floor she was sitting at an empty desk and scrolling some information on her cell phone. She was wearing the same pink sweatshirt, but in place of her jeans she had on a gray pair of sweat pants.

"Morning," he announced jovially. "Nice day for a run around."

"Good morning." She put the cell phone down and stood up. "Guess I'll just get this over with." Her air of reluctance was opaque.

He stood by the seat she vacated and watched every movement as she walked to a desk a few feet away. Without any delay, she turned away from him and pulled the sweatshirt over her head. He caught his breath as the smooth skin of her back came into view. She had no bra on. With no discernible pause she pulled down her pants and revealed a perfect bottom—once again with no underwear in sight.

She set off at a jog straight away and he watched her tight butt cheeks move up and down with her stride. She rounded the first corner, and he watched her breasts—which were larger than he expected—bounce along. After being out of his view for a few seconds, she rounded the final bend and came straight towards him, her small triangular bush drawing his gaze as he strained to see her lips and slit. It was all over so quickly but the image of her running towards him wearing nothing but a broad smile would live with him forever.

Chris watched as she pulled her clothes on—still no underwear. When she turned back towards him she was grinning and showed no sign of embarrassment.

"I guess it's my turn for breakfast?" He offered and ushered her towards the stairs.

This time at the deli there was little ice left to break and they joked and shared much more over breakfast. "So," he paused to sip at his coffee, "we're even now. No more bets?"

"I guess." She placed her fork on the plate. "Unless you'd really like another bet?"

Once again he felt her ability to fog his mind with erotic thoughts in an instant. Suddenly he was thinking about running around the office naked together, parting Lindsay's lips with his tongue and wrapping his fingers around her beautiful breasts. His thoughts enticed him all the more because he knew she was sitting across from him with no underwear on. He wondered if she realized just how excited he was beneath the table.

"I'm sure we can think of something," he laughed. "This one sure was fun."

"Agreed." She dabbed at her lips with a napkin. "We'll have to let each other know when we figure out another good bet."

"Deal," he nodded, already knowing that the anticipation would drive him crazy.

*****

Several times in the next few days he thought about new bets for Lindsay but in the end it was she who came up with the next challenge.

It was in the monthly Management Team meeting. They were going around the boardroom table for individual updates and Lindsay praised Chris and his team for an accurate close. The room was in a state of semi-stunned quiet as she offered her thanks. Chris watched her sit down, smile across at him, and begin tapping the keyboard of her laptop. He was still looking over at her and imagining how he would like help her out of the gray jacket she was wearing when a mail alert popped up on his own screen.

"I dare you to get your cock out," he read.

Keeping a straight face was difficult but he managed it and typed back, "Right now? You're crazy."

He watched the grin spread over her face as she read the message—no more than seven feet across the table from him. She tapped the keyboard again and her message arrived moments later. "Double dare."

She was looking at him when he looked up from the screen, her eyes holding his and leaving no doubt about her seriousness. His heart beat like a dry snare drum as he sized up the situation. On either side of him were the HR Manager and the Sales Manager. They were both intently following the speaker and Chris wondered if he just slid down in his seat a little and pulled his chair tight into the table's edge... maybe he could just about get away with it. The excitement of the moment made up his mind.

His message to her was, "I dare you to take your panties off and show your pussy. Double dare."

She shot him a smug look as she typed her reply, "Take a look."

A few moments later Chris' pen fell off the edge of the table—aided by a usefully clumsy forearm. He made half-hearted attempt to reach the pen without leaving his seat. Next he pushed his chair back and got to his knees. His first glance across to where she sat confirmed his efforts were worth it. Her legs were as wide apart as her skirt allowed and at the end of the dimming tunnel she'd created there was no mistaking the sweet outline of her pussy. He looked as long as he dared and as his eyes adjusted to the light he was almost certain he saw a glint of inviting moisture.

When he made it back into his seat Chris pulled himself in tight, took a couple of deep breaths and looked up at the taunting figure opposite. She made a small hand gesture that said, "Well then?"

He slipped one hand under the table while the other doodled on his notepad with the rescued pen. First he carefully undid his zipper, and then eased his hand inside. It wasn't easy remaining undetected as he worked his way into his briefs and took hold of his inflating member but he managed, and eventually pulled it free of clothing. The sight of Lindsay's pussy had started the hard-on, and the excitement of this moment was completing the job. When his hand was back on top of the table he felt the tip of his cock touch the underside. He looked over to her and nodded twice, very slowly.
