 Last night I was with friends hanging out socializing and having a few drinks when one of the hot looking ladies of the group under the influence of liquid courage challenged everyone to tell the dirty details of the most exciting summer vacation sex we had ever experienced. I quickly flashed back to the second summer after high school. I was in between girlfriends and trying really hard to beat down an unrelenting boner with short term progress. The college cutie next door wasn't helping the situation. 

She kept asking me to help her with her car and she would always wear short shorts that had such a tiny strip between the crotch that when she would bend down with me to work on her car, the little strip would slip right between her sweet little puffy pussy lips and give me the most mouthwatering view of her passionate pink playground. I was still too young and naive to understand subtle hints and only later realized I should have fallen face first into her invitation and painted her playground a deep glossy pearl white inside and out. 

I was talking to my friend the next day at work about my lack of a girlfriend and the neighbor's show and tell teasing sessions and he said he met a really good looking girl that wanted him to go out with her, but she had a friend and they wanted to make it a double date. Greg asked if I would do him a favor and keep Connie busy so he could have some fun with Stacy. After two months without a girlfriend I was willing to take a gamble on the blind date and hope for the best so I told Greg to set it up. At work the next day Greg had a big smile when he told me it was all set up for the following Friday. We would pick them up and do dinner and a movie. 

I got a call from Stacy later that week to check me out and make sure I was ok to date her friend Connie and we hit it off pretty well and had quite the stimulating conversation. Stacy was the first confidently aggressive sexually bold speaking woman I had ever met. This girl knew how to find out what turned you on and work it to her advantage. At the end of the conversation she left me with a visual picture in my head that would give me an instant rock hard erection when she said. 

"I plan on having my tongue half way down your throat and my hand wrapped around your balls feeling them pulse as you pump your load in Connie's tight little pussy". 

I was really looking forward to Friday evening so imagine my disappointment when on Thursday after work Greg tells me his wife is suspicious and he can't go Friday. I didn't know he was married so I was pretty upset but not half as mad as Stacy. She called me later Thursday night and went off about Greg being married and lying to her and then said. 

"Fuck him, the three of us will go out without him." 

That sounded like a really good solution to me and I told her I would pick her and Connie up Friday at 6. I was a little nervous thinking about going out on a date with two women. Friday seemed like the longest day of my life but finally I was about to ring the door bell and was hoping when Stacy and Connie opened the door this would not be the blind date from hell. 

The door opened and Stacy was standing there with a sly sexy smile looking me up and down before saying. 

"Hello you must be Chuck" 

I followed her example and looked her up and down carefully before looking her in the eyes and saying "yes I am, and you must be Stacy?" She got a great big smile and said. 

"Yes I am. Connie will be right out" 

Just then Connie came up behind Stacy reaching around and cupping both of Stacy's tits, slid her fingers up tweaking both nipples and said. 

"I'm ready, let's go" 

I was so relieved to see that both Stacy and Connie were attractive and had a good sense of humor. Stacy had long reddish brown hair about 5'9" tall with great tits and prominent nipples, about 120lbs with a beautiful pear shaped ass and a slim waist, she was wearing a thin red dress that was nice and short. Connie had short black hair, was petite, maybe 5' tall 95lbs with tiny little breasts and awesome nipples just made for sucking and a sweet little round ass, she was wearing a short white skirt and a little top that showed lots of cleavage. As we were leaving I explained to Stacy and Connie that my car was in the shop so I had to borrow my dad's van for the evening. 

When the girls got in they noticed the big plush bench seat in the back and the comfortable swivel captain's chairs up front and looked at each other with a sly smile and said. 

"This will be perfect" 

I had to stop off for gas before we went out for dinner and when I was filling up the van I heard them whispering inside and giggling. When I got back in they were both looking at me and smiling like they had a new secret. Stacy looked at me and said. 

"We have a change of plans, instead of dinner and a movie, let's go get a pizza and go to the drive in" That way we can have fun and watch the movie" 

I liked the new plan and picked up a quick pizza on the way to the drive in. We got in and found a spot right as the movie was starting. After a few slices of pizza we all settled on the big plush bench seat with me in the middle and started watching the movie. The girls were sitting close and I had nowhere to rest my hands so I put one hand on Stacy's thigh and one on Connie's thigh and they both rested their heads on my shoulders. As I started slowly rubbing their thighs and working my fingers closer to the hot spots between their legs both Stacy and Connie put a hand on each of my thighs and started gently rubbing and working their way closer to my growing erection. 

As I slid my hands up their bare thighs until I felt smooth silky panties covering hot moist pussy lips they both as if on cue, slowly spread their legs a little allowing me to continue my journey to the pink magic playground. When I slid my finger slowly from the top of Connie's hot silk covered pussy all the way down I heard her moan in my ear and felt her slide her hand up and squeeze my cock through my pants making it jerk in her hand. I turned and kissed her for the first time, melting into each other and forgetting about Stacy for a moment. As we finished our kiss Connie relaxed and let go of my throbbing erection and Stacy immediately wrapped her hand around it, gripping it firmly and giving it a gentle squeeze. I turned to look at her and she said. 

"Where's my kiss" 

I flashed Stacy a great big smile and a kiss that made her tremble. While kissing her I boldly slid my hand up under her dress, right up to her silk panties and slid my fingers right between her hot soft puffy pussy lips and rubbed her clit in small circles and she matched me move for move rubbing my cock and twirling her fingers around the ridge at the base of my cock head. To test her and see if she really was following my lead, I slid my finger from the top of her slit slowly down and when I got to the bottom I hooked my finger in the crotch of her panties and paused. 

Stacy slid her hand from the base of my shaft all the way to the tip before reaching for my zipper and paused. I pulled her panties to the side exposing her smooth shaved pussy. She pulled my zipper down and waited. I made the next move and slid my finger between her soft moist outer lips gathering her moisture and searching for her tight little pink opening. She reached in my pants fishing out my rapidly stiffening cock. I found her tight opening and slipped my finger in deep as Stacy moaned into our kiss. She took her velvety smooth hand and circled the sensitive head of my cock and stroked from the tip to the base making me moan this time. I felt a second hand on my cock and Connie's soft breath in my ear whispering. 

"It's my turn" 

I turned to kiss Connie again and just as we started to get into the kiss I felt Stacy swirl her tongue around the tip of my rock hard cock before engulfing the head and several inches making me moan in satisfaction as I continued kissing Connie passionately. As I continued kissing Connie and enjoying the feel of Stacy sucking the head of my cock I saw Connie put her hand on the back of Stacy's head and push down firmly driving my spongy cock head deep into the back of Stacy's mouth and feeling her gag just a little. Stacy sat up and looked at Connie with fire in her eyes and Connie said. 

"Your date couldn't make it tonight remember? I don't mind sharing, but I get cock first, I told you I'm moving tomorrow and this will be my last chance to get some stray cock for a long time." 

I was starting to enjoy having two women competing for my attention until Stacy got her feelings hurt and said. 

"I'm going to the bathroom and the snack bar, you two have fun." 

And she left killing the mood for a few minutes. In no time we were kissing again and I was sliding my finger deep inside her wet little pussy as she sucked the swollen head of my stiff cock. Connie reached down into her purse and came up with a condom handing it to me she kissed me and said. 

"Put this on and get your beautiful cock in my tight little pussy" 

I was just about to open the condom when I heard Stacy talking outside the van. I asked her what she said and she yelled. 

"Is it my turn yet" 

Several cars around us started honking their horns. Stacy climbed back in the van to see Connie on her hands and knees with her skirt pulled up and her panties around her knees and her tits hanging out above her shirt, nipples swollen and hard and me kneeling behind her about to put on a condom with a great big smile on my face. 

Stacy looked at my throbbing cock with a drop of precum on the tip gave me a sly smile while taking the condom from me and setting it on Connie's back right in front of me. She slipped two fingers into Connie's tight little cunt and told Connie. 

"I'm going to get you wet and ready for his big thick cock and then put the condom on his dick for you and watch him pound your little pussy." 

Stacy was fingering Connie and making her moan so much I thought she might cum before I got my cock in her. Stacy looked me in the eye before winking and putting her lips to my ear she said. 

"You can have my tight little pussy bareback tonight as many times as you want as long as you help me knock up Connie first." 

I nodded and winked back as Stacy smiled at me and then took the head of my cock between her lips as she continued working her fingers in and out of Connie's slippery fuck hole. In just a short time I was getting close as I heard Connie breathing harder as she approached orgasm. I was just starting to lose control when Stacy felt the first throb she quickly pulled her mouth off my cock and squeezed firmly around the base as it jerked hard twice covering the head with thick potent sperm. She stopped fingering Connie just short of getting her off and I heard her moan in frustration as Stacy pulled her slippery wet fingers out of Connie's tight little pussy. 

As Connie pushed back searching for the fingers that were making her feel so good, Stacy lined up my hard slippery sperm covered cock head with the tight pink opening to Connie's fertile little pussy. When Connie felt the contact she pushed back hard attempting to get Stacy's fingers back in her pussy to finish her off, giving her the orgasm she so craved. Connie had almost half of my sperm covered cock buried in her fertile pussy before she noticed it was not Stacy's fingers. She froze in place with my cock lodged partway in her tight pink tunnel. Her pussy was so tight I could feel her heart beat throbbing around my thick shaft. She turned her head to the side and said. 

"Stacy? Did you put the condom on him?" 

Stacy just smiled at her and in the cutest voice she said. 

"Sweetie, I pulled my fingers out of your puss to put the condom on and you were so horny you pounced on his cock before I could wrap it up." 

Stacy said. "Damn Connie, his cock really looks like it's stretching your tight little pussy, does it feel as good as it looks?" 

Connie let out a sigh and relaxed her muscles for a second letting my cock slide in another inch before clamping down again and holding me from going any deeper. She said. 

"It feels really fucking good." 

Stacy cupped her hand around Connie's breast and gently started pinching her nipples while she said to Connie. 

"His big thick cock is already half buried in your tight fertile cunt, he's not even close to Cumming yet so you have at least 10 or 15 full pumps before he starts to leak precum from his cock and then another 10 to 20 before he starts to leak thick potent sperm from his cock and then at least 10 more before he loses control and starts painting your womb." 

Connie heard "painting your womb" and shuddered for a moment before relaxing her muscles again and pushing her hips back at me burying two more inches of hard cock in her tight fertile pussy with a grunt and a moan. Connie knew she was playing with fire. She had just stopped taking the pill three months ago so her husband could start trying to knock her up a second time. This time he was hoping for a son. 

She had been charting her ovulation for months now and knew she would be at her most fertile time tomorrow the day her husband would come home for two days before moving the family cross country. I looked down and saw Stacy place her lips next to Connie's ear and whisper. 

"That cock looks so good in your little puss Connie, damn I wish I was you right now, you still have five more inches to go before you have the whole thing." He's not even close to nutting yet, your totally safe, relax and take the rest of his cock, when you get the whole thing buried balls deep relax for a second to give him time to calm down. 

I heard Connie moan and relax her muscles again pushing back and taking two more inches before stopping. Stacy came up and gave me a wet passionate kiss before whispering in my ear. 

"It's time to teach this married cheating little bitch a lesson, she stopped taking the pill so her and her husband could start trying to get her pregnant." 

Stacy had her lips to my ear when she said "I bet that tight little fertile cunt feels really good wrapped around your thick cock, the next time she pushes back grab her hair and push your cock all the way in. Give her every inch of that thick throbbing cock deep until you feel her cervix sucking the sperm off the head of your cock." 

Stacy reached down and started rubbing Connie's swollen clit while squeezing her erect nipple with the other hand making Connie relax her muscles and push back to get more of my cock. The second I felt her relax I quickly grabbed her hair and thrust forward hard Burying the leaking head of my thick cock balls deep in Connie's very tight pussy. When I slammed the head of my cock into the opening to Connie's womb she let out a deep moan and tried to pull away. I held her tight with my cock head wedged against the opening in her cervix and felt my cock surge and throb releasing a small amount of ejaculate to lubricate the opening to her womb. Connie felt my cock throb and said. 

"Oh god no, please don't cum in me, not now." 

Stacy tried to calm her down by telling Connie that it was just a little throb and not to worry it will just leak a little precum and make her pussy slippery so I don't cum too fast, and she can't get pregnant from precum. Stacy assured her that now that she had my throbbing cock deep inside her tight little pussy and she was getting nice and wet in addition to the slippery precum that I had deposited deep inside her, she could enjoy at least ten to fifteen good deep strokes safely before I would be close to losing control and need to pull out and put on the condom. Connie turned to Stacy and said. 

"Are you sure he can handle at least 10 pumps without busting a nut in me?" 

Stacy said. "I'll bet he could go 30 pumps or more before he nuts deep in your tight little puss. Why don't you take 10 slow pumps, if you're brave enough, and then check him to see if he's close?" 

I felt Connie relax her grip on my cock and I relaxed my grip on her hair, she slowly slid forward until I could see the head of my cock emerge from between her puffy moist lips before disappearing slowly until I could feel the opening to her cervix press against the spongy tip of my slippery cock. 

When she hit bottom Connie moaned and Stacy counted "1" as Connie started her next stroke Stacy came up beside me and gave me a quick kiss. When Connie bottomed out on my cock again and moaned Stacy stopped kissing me and counted "2" As Connie began her next stroke Stacy whispered in my ear. 

"Look how wet she is, your cock is covered in her thick slippery juice, it's clear because she is getting ready to ovulate tomorrow, you could leak a little sperm in her and give her husband some competition." 

I felt Connie's cervix press against the opening on the tip of my cock as she moaned and Stacy counted "3" my shaft jerked and painted the opening to her cervix with thick slippery potent sperm just as she started pulling away on her next stroke, I could hear her breathing faster and feel her pink tunnel pulsing around my hard shaft. Connie just kept pumping her tight little pussy back and forth on my cock until Stacy counted 10 and Connie pushed back hard driving my rock hard cock firmly against her womb convulsing in orgasm and giving me a complete root to tip full cock massage. Just as she was coming down from her orgasm I lost it for a second and pumped out two little belches of thick hot sperm against the opening to her womb. 

Connie felt my cock throb and quickly pulled forward until my shaft pulled free and she looked between her legs expecting to see my cock spewing ribbons of thick cum. All she saw was my thick cock head covered in her slippery juices. She figured she was still safe but she had better quit before things went too far. Stacy grabbed the condom and opened the package and said to Connie. 

"I think you could have gotten at least 20 more pumps on his cock before he painted you're womb, but since your chicken I'll go ahead and put the condom on him. Connie aimed the head of my cock at her tiny pink opening and buried it balls deep on one thrust, each time she bottomed out she grunted and said. 

" uh,,,I'm,,,,,,uh,,,,not,,,,,,,uh,,,,,chicken. 

Oh,,,,,4,,,oh,,,5,,,oh,,,6,,,oh 7,,,oh,,,,8 

Oh,,,,9,,,oh,,shit,,I'm,,coming,,oh,,fuck 

She went off again after only 10 pumps and started squeezing and milking my shaft. It felt so good I gave her one quick squirt just as she was finishing her orgasm. Connie looked at Stacy and said. 

"His cock feels so good inside me, please put the condom on so I can ride his cock and cum without worrying about getting knocked up." 

I pulled my hard wet prick out of Connie and Stacy slipped the condom on the tip of my cock and pulled it snugly around the head of my cock without unrolling it and sliding it down over the shaft. She pulled it on so snug that there was no room in the tip for the sperm to collect and put it on inside out so the part you roll down was on the inside. The rolled up part of the condom was stretched firmly behind the ridge on my cock head holding it in place without letting it roll down or roll off. 

Before I could say anything Stacy rubbed my condom covered cock head between Connie's wet pussy lips and Connie pushed back hard burying my hard cock to the hilt in her tight fertile pussy. I looked at Stacy and she just winked and flashed me a sexy smile. From that point on everything started happening really quickly. Stacy started kissing me and tongue fucking my mouth while playing with my nipples. I grabbed Connie's hips firmly as she started sliding back and forth on my hard cock. I looked down to see my shaft covered in Connie's slippery juices and no condom in sight. On the next stroke I pulled back until I could see the head to make sure the condom was still there. 
