 The double date had gone even better than expected. I may be pretty sentimental, but I always thought that going on a double date with my boyfriend would be so much fun! Finally, my best work friend, Kayla, asked if we'd like to join her and her boyfriend for dinner. He wasn't totally against it, even thought it would be fun, as well, so we went.

Dinner turned into drinks, which turned into heading to the bar next door, and four drinks later I was making out with my boyfriend hard in the booth, and so was my friend. All of a sudden, the four of us were beyond horny, it seemed like all of us just wanted to fuck in that booth in the middle of the bar. I pulled away from my boyfriend and suddenly got embarrassed. This certainly wasn't something I normally do, especially not with a girlfriend right behind me.

I think Kayla sensed that I had stopped, and she stopped herself. "Hey, I have an idea, guys. What if we went back to our place? We can have another drink there, and you guys don't have to worry about driving home, you can crash at our place," Kayla said to us. Even if I was turned on to an unbelievable limit, and all I wanted to do was go to my own apartment and fuck my boyfriend's brains out, going to her place for more drinks sounded like too much fun to pass up.

When I looked at my boyfriend, he seemed to be thinking the same thing I was. John and I were like that, though, always in sync with how we wanted to spend our time. Besides, there'd be plenty of chances to fuck each other's brains out later. "Yeah, that sounds like fun," Ryan, Kayla's boyfriend, said behind her. "Yeah, let's do it!" I exclaimed. This was going to be a lot of fun.

We ordered a ride and soon we were in Kayla's living room, sitting on the floor around their coffee table, drinking and laughing. I was cuddling up to John, just wanting to feel close to him, and Kayla was doing the same to Ryan. Without much warning, Kayla exclaimed, "You guys are just such a cute couple, I love it!" We all laughed, and I turned my head to kiss John. A small kiss turned into a longer one, and one of John's hands came to wrap around my neck, while the other went to my knee. I smiled and kissed him back, forgetting exactly what the context was.

Then we both heard kissing behind us, and stopped to look over at Kayla and Ryan making out even harder than we had been, they were practically pawing at each other, Ryan's hands tangled in her hair and traveling down her back, Kayla's hands rubbing his shoulders and go under his shirt.

I was chuckling quietly, but John grabbed my chin and turned me to face him, kissing me deeply, as well. His hand went to the inside of my upper thigh, and chills crawled up my spine. I wrapped my arms around him and pulled him closer to me, feeling his back and shoulders. He brought an arm around my waist and held me close.

I swung my legs to lay over his on the floor, and arched my back to press my breasts into his chest. I hadn't worn a bra that night, and I wanted him to know. He was trying to stealthily feel up my chest, and his other hand slid up my thigh to press at the crotch of my jeans. I knew we should stop, this was so damn weird, but it was so hot, as well.

A moan behind us had us turning around, and Ryan's hand was in Kayla's pants. She looked back at us, embarrassed at the moan she let out, but she was smiling, as well. "We're gonna go to the bedroom," she said, and stood the both of them up. "You're welcome to use the living room," She continued, winking at us and leading Ryan to their bedroom. Before they fully left the room, however, she looked back at us and said, "Or, you could just use our bed, too. It's big enough for all four of us to use at once." She smirked and ran to the bedroom.

I looked at Ryan, a little unsure what she meant. "Are you cool with whatever happens?" He said in a low voice. "Whether we end up switching, or it turns into a foursome?" I thought for about two seconds and then said, "Oh yeah." We smiled widely at each other, and both ran into the bedroom as well.

They were already naked, and Ryan was laying on top of Kayla on the far side of the bed, and I realized they meant to just do it side-by-side, which was just fine with me.

John and I quickly got undressed, kissing each other and roaming our hands all the while. He laid me down on the bed and got on top of me, as well. Kayla started moaning loudly next to me, and I saw that Ryan was fucking her so hard. It was a little mesmerizing; his hips were like a blur.

I looked back at John and kissed him deeply again as I felt him push into me, as well. I gasped and cried out, throwing my head back into the numerous pillows piled on Kayla's bed, and thrust my hips up to meet his. John and I always had amazing sex, I didn't feel self-conscious at all.

He sat back on his knees and rubbed my clit while he fucked me, grinding against my g-spot and drawing out the pleasure with every stroke of his hard cock and thumb. John knew how to hit each pleasure point to bring out the most he could give me, and it never failed. Kayla's similar screams, my screams, John, and the hotness and wrongness of it all created the perfect storm for me, and I came hard after only a few minutes. I hard Kayla's own orgasm take her just moments after mine subsided, and I noticed that both John and I had looked over at her while she came, and we both noticed that Ryan was looking at me.

Ryan and John both slowed down, not wanting this night to end just yet. When Kayla and I had caught our breaths, I said weakly, "John, I want Kayla to feel your cock inside her, to know what it's like to be fucked like you." I said it while looking at both Ryan and Kayla, and Kayla nodded enthusiastically back at me. "And you need to know what it's like to be fucked by Ryan, it's like a hurricane battering into you, every other thought will fly out."

The men nodded at each other and quickly changed places on the bed. Ryan was taller than John, and he loomed over me like a sexy, dark presence. They each sunk into us at the same time, eliciting matching cries of pleasure from Kayla and I.

I saw John's try out the same methods on Kayla, and I watched her squirm under his care and attention, feeling the pleasure come at her from all directions, unsure of what to make of it. But my attention was snapped back to Ryan above me when he started fucking me.

He had started slow, feeling out the angles our bodies were making, but once he was settled he gripped both of my hips and used this leverage to not only help him thrust into me hard, but to also bring me down on his cock. My whole body shook, my breasts almost painfully bouncing, as he fucked me too hard to process anything else.

His cock pounded into me like he would die if it didn't, and the pleasure was unbelievable. Not better than John, simply different. The bed was rocking hard from their combined thrusts, and Kayla and I screamed, the moans echoing throughout the room. I briefly felt bad for her neighbors, but any thought I had was quickly replaced with pleasure, no longer mattering.

I heard Kayla and John give their final cries of pleasure, and I was happy to see John pull out and cum on Kayla's stomach. My own orgasm followed right behind Kayla's, and I gripped the sheets so tight I thought I might tear them. Ryan pulled out, too, when it was his turn, and the four of us sat or laid in that bed, panting and a little disbelieving at what we had done.