 Perspectives on a happy ending massage.

He was a fairly ordinary sort of guy. Early fifties with two children, Guy Morris had a pretty good, but nevertheless quite ordinary job and a stable and reasonably happy, but also quite ordinary marriage to a fairly ordinary wife. He played golf and tennis, watched a lot of TV, enjoyed most sports, occasionally had an evening at the pub and now and then went to watch his favourite football team Arsenal. He and his wife Moira would eat out with friends probably every other week, went to functions at their golf and tennis clubs about once a month and had sex slightly, but not much more frequently. Overall their social life was ok. It was nothing special, but well, it was social. They had a nice, but fairly small set of close friends and a load of acquaintances at the golf club and they had good relationships with their children and the rest of their family.

Moira was a few years younger than Guy and physically she had not worn as well as he had. Whereas: he looked at the most mid-forties, she was lucky to pass for mid-fifties; he was about the same build and weight now as he had been when they married, six feet tall and one ninety pounds, she had bloated up to near one sixty pounds; his body was firm and toned, hers had sagged and her breasts that when she was younger had been a spectacular D cup had become almost like udders at around double E.

Despite that, unlike some of their friends and acquaintances they still got on well and they still had a reasonable though ordinary sex life. Like many husbands, Guy would have liked to experiment more. He would have loved to have had anal with her or got her to let him cum in her mouth, but she had never offered either and when he had tried she had refused. He had never pushed it. In those moments during sex when a couple have the chance to talk and discuss their fantasies she had always rejected any of his suggestions on including another woman, not that he knew anyone, or man in a threesome and had flatly refused to even discuss joining a swinging group.

*

"Oil or powder?" The surprisingly attractive masseuse asked.

"Neither just your soft fingertips." The man replied.

"I take it you want a sensuous massage," the auburn haired girl in her late twenties said looking at the client who was wearing just a towel round his waist as he leaned back with his bum on the massage table.

"Is there any other kind at a place like this?" He smiled, pleased so far with the choice he had made from the three girls who were offered to massage him. Clio as she asked to be called was a big girl, but was as good as perfectly proportioned. Probably around five seven she could have weighed around one fifty pounds, but looked to have little spare flesh on her sturdy body. 

"No I suppose not," she smiled back quite liking the look of the older guy and the way he spoke and acted. He had the combination of slight apprehension with an underlying confidence. "Always best though to agree such things at the outset. Will you want extras?"

"Yes of course," he replied enjoying the swell of her large chest and the flash of her cleavage from where the three undone buttons on the white coat showed a little too much or, the perfect amount, dependent on your viewpoint.

"And what would they be?"

"Let's get a little nearer that point shall we then I will decide or you will persuade me," he said.

"Fair dos."

"So that I can ponder what do you do?"

"As extras?"

"Yes?"

"Hand relief, reverse massage, topless, naked."

"Full sex?"

"Maybe."

"Not that I want that," he said.

Although he visited massage places fairly regularly and paid the girls to masturbate him he had never had sex with a woman other than his wife since they got married. He adopted a strange sort of typically male logic to being unfaithful.

"We had better get on then."

"On my front first?"

"Yes please."

"Towel off?" He asked running his gaze down her and seeing her sturdy, but shapely legs under the hem of the white coat that ended at her mid-thigh.

"Probably best," she replied not turning away he noted as a 'straight' masseuse would as he undid his towel and dropped it on the end of the table.

Although by no means erect his cock did have a degree of swelling, which when added to his natural thick girth gave him an impressive looking sexual offering. He knew that he was well hung and was proud of his body in general and his cock in particular. Both had held up well through his forties and were serving him adequately in his fifties. He was not at all embarrassed to be naked in front of the stranger and in fact it excited him being bare when she was still dressed. As he lay down on his front, he felt some tingling in his cock and balls.

She did his shoulders and back first, then his lower legs and feet. Usually this was the boring part of a massage, but she changed that firstly by her hands slipping onto his bum and she squeezing each cheek. He was lying with his arms alongside his body and they were slightly bent meaning that his elbow was right on the edge of the table. So secondly, as she moved forward and back massaging him, so her tummy brushed against his elbow. At first he thought it was an accident and it may well have been, but it was repeated a couple of times and the same thing happened when she moved round the table and did his other leg. Usually he got hard when the girl was doing his upper legs and sometimes he needed her to touch his balls before his erection grew. Today, though he was nearly hard before she even started going near to his sexy bits.

Finishing beneath the knee she moved onto the upper parts. As her fingers glided ever nearer to his balls, he opened his legs a little more knowing from experience that soon the hands would not stop on an upward sweep and they would at the very least graze against his scrotum and he was looking forward to that. That first touch by a masseuse that indicated the change from a massage to an erotic one was always an exciting moment for. The thought of that and what else was to come made him start to harden. He bent one leg at the knee and pushed that to one side thus lifting his hip a little to provide his growing erection the necessary room. 

'Fucking hell,' he said to himself as she rested one hand on his waist at the back, slowly slid it sideways and then down to his hip on the side that was raised from the bed. It paused right on his hip bone, which meant that her fingers were so very close to the tip of his cock. 'Go further, slide it past my hip and grab my cock' he was wishing, but she did not and went back to his upper thighs.

He was sure that the girl was aware of all the signs and mannerisms of her clients and knew presumably that now was the time to push things a little. 

And that is exactly what she did.

On the next upward sweep of her hands she went further than previously almost touching his balls. He was equally aware of massage parlour etiquette and recognised the sign the girl was putting out. He opened his legs wider and on the next sweep upwards as he expected the hands did not stop. Instead the fingers lingered on his balls and softly stroked them.

He grunted and widened the angle of his thighs to give her more room. As she cupped his balls in one hand she slid the other under him and up the length of his respectably thick cock. She rubbed that and rolled his balls in her hand, doing everything slowly and considerately. He appreciated that and groaned and sighed a little as he raised his butt from the table encouraging her to do more to his cock. She slid her hands up there and stroked it with both at the same time. His natural male instincts took over and he started to fuck the surrogate cunt that she was providing. 

"Nice?" She enquired.

"Yes that's lovely," he grunted back his whole body alive with strong, sexual feelings.

"We had better turn you over then hadn't we?"

He did as she asked loving the feeling of her looking at his fully bloated cock as he turned onto his back.

"Mmmm it looks as good as it feels," she murmured moving along the table and starting to massage, well caress really, firstly his shoulders then his chest. 

She stood beside the table with the tops of her legs pressed against it. Glancing down he saw that the hem of the white coat was just about level with the table top. He worked out that the table must be pushing it up a little for he could see a thin strip of her nicely tanned sturdy upper legs. That looked extra sexy to him and, of course he wanted to touch it. But then, hugely aroused as she had made him and not having had sex with his wife or anyone for over a month he wanted to touch any and all of her.

In the way which over the past few years had become familiar to him, she started working her way downwards. Her fingers stroked round his navel, down the flatness of his stomach, into his bushy, dark pubic mass and onto his groin. They retraced their steps and then repeated both several times now running down onto his thighs, between them and then back to once more circumvent his flat toned stomach. 'Quite a six pack for his age,' she thought enjoying his reactions to her massage as she watched his head roll slightly from side to side with his eyes tightly closed.

She was good he was thinking as her fingers visited every part of him between his waist and thighs except where he most wanted them, on his cock and balls. From experience, though, he knew this was part of the game, it was the tease that the better girls bothered with and was not like the mainly Russian ones who by now would have jerked him off. That said it was an excruciating pleasure, almost a torture. Her fingers would glide so close to his pulsating dick, but then veer off and slide across his stomach or they would slither up his thighs almost touching his balls, but then would turn right or left and then miss them.

He was now gripping the table and started to arch his back to eke every last of bit of teasing pleasure from what she was wonderfully giving to him. He could stand it no longer and reached down, grabbed her wrist and pushed her hand onto his cock. Smiling she said. "I wondered when you might do that," as she gently and slowly ran her fingers up and down his fully extended length and girth. She went further than most and ran her finger nail past his balls and onto that patch of such sexually tender skin between his scrotum and anus. It was ecstatic.

"Mmmm that's gorgeous," he groaned lifting his bottom off the table and pushing himself more firmly against her hands. 

As he did that he reached round her and placed his hand on her leg mid-way between her knee and bottom. She didn't stop him, but continued stroking his cock and let his hand stay on her leg.

Encouraged, he slid his hand upwards, past the hem of the coat and her upper legs and onto her bum. The cheek was bare confirming that she was wearing a thong. His fingers found the slither of material between the fulsome cheeks of her big but shapely arse.

"Maybe we should discuss extras," she suggested cupping his balls?

"What do you offer?" He asked lifting himself up a little and looking at her as he started to undo the few buttons on the white coat remaining done up.

"Most things," she smiled as her coat came fully undone. "Including having my coat undone."

He smiled. "How about you get naked too, you let me play with you and then you wank me?"

"Perfect," she smiled. "One hundred, ok?"

"Perfect," he smiled back rubbing the front of her pale yellow, lacy thong.

Pushing her pubic mound against his fingers she removed her coat and reaching behind her unclipped her bra, shrugged it off and dropped it on the floor. She had spectacular breasts capped with dark areola and very prominent nipples. 

"Oh my god yes," he groaned sitting up and pulling her towards him. "They are amazing Clio."

"You a tit man then?"

"Yes, but also a bum man," he said as he ran his hand all over her full arse sliding his fingers under the gusset of the thong. 

"Want this off," she asked about the thong.

"Mmmm please."

"Like to take it off for me?"

"Christ yes," he replied loving the view as she turned round and bent over.

Her arse really was awesome and before removing the thong he could not resist caressing both cheeks and running his fingers between the two rotund, shapely cheeks. Wiggling her hips knowing that would give him a good show, she let the thong slither down her legs and then turned to face him totally naked. He ran his eyes up and down her body taking in her completely bald mons and the deep pink lips protruding beneath her pubic mound.

"May I," he said huskily as he stared at the first bald cunt he had ever seen.

Reaching out and taking hold of his dick she smiled and said. "Well I'm touching yours."

He got the message and ran his fingers over her bald mound and then gaining confidence, down further and onto her pussy. As he did that so she began slowly pumping his prick. He found her clit and felt her body jerk and heard a sharp intake of breath as presumably she was hit by a strong sensation.

"Mmmmm," she sighed confirming that had been the case. 

That excited him. It always did when the massage girl became aroused, but it did not happen often.

Sitting up he moved his face near to her breasts. He looked into her eyes and presumably guessing what he wanted she smiled and nodded. He licked her areola and then gently bit her nipple. It was nice and she pressed her DD cup tit back against him just as he went for it and pushing his luck, he slid two fingers up her pussy. To his excitement she didn't object, but instead grunted her pleasure and by extension her approval as she still slowly wanked his cock.

"Go deeper," she whispered opening her leg wider and lifting one so that her knee rested on the edge of the table.

Not only did he go deeper, but also he pushed three fingers up her as he pressed his thumb right on her clit and started to finger fuck her.

Again she grunted before starting her slow rhythmical pumping of his cock. Quite wonderfully for a first time together they found each other's tempos and coincided the movements of his surrogate cock with her surrogate cunt.

"Oh fuck Clio, you've done me," he groaned as he felt his cock getting ready to cum.

"And me," she groaned unbeknown to him whether that was for real or whether it was a massage room role-play.

*

She was a pretty ordinary girl. Late twenties, Christina had two sisters, but both parents were dead. She was a single parent with a seven-year-old son with whom she lived. Her childhood had been ok. It had not been deprived, but money had always been tight so there had not been the luxuries that many of her school friends enjoyed. Her standard of living was not helped when both of her parents died within a few years of each other when she was in her late teens. There was no real inheritance for the three sisters.

The sisters were not alike either in appearance or manner. She was big, but wonderfully proportioned with lovely auburn coloured hair, the older one was beautiful with a gorgeous figure, and the youngest was tall and slim with dark hair, not a spare ounce of fat on her and hardly any breasts at all and. There was just over a year between each of them. As the girls had gone through their mid-teens and sex had reared its head and they talked about it, sometimes joking that mum might have put it about a bit to get three such different looking children.

After the death of their parents, though, they had drifted apart. The tall thin one had the brains and had got a good degree from Bristol and now worked as a bond trader in New York, the gorgeous one had got married at nineteen, now had three kids and lived in West London and she was single, with a child and was desperately battling to provide him with the upbringing she had not had. She was buying a house in Essex and was paying for her son to go to a private school.

She hated her job, but needed to do it to earn the money she required for the life-style she wanted for her and her son. Whilst her younger sister earned megabucks in New York, but never seemed to have money, but then apartments on the upper West Side and coke very expensive there, she was careful with hers. And doing what she did had the benefit of being largely paid in cash well away from the grasp of the taxman. 

*

There were many things about the job she disliked. The beauty parade, though, was by some margin the worst. The 'salon' in which she worked in Docklands in East London had this policy of letting customers choose the masseuse they preferred. Hence, each girl and there was usually three or four on duty, if not with a customer, had to walk past the customer in a private room, do a twirl and introduce herself. She found it embarrassing and quite demeaning, but she knew that if she wanted to keep the job, she had to do it.

She knew full well that naturally the customer was eyeing her up and down, checking out her 'tits 'n ass' and wondering what it might be like to fuck her. She was also very aware that the parade was her chance to sell herself and thus, earn the extras that turned the pittance she got paid for simply massaging into a lucrative, tax free income

So when she was told that a new customer wanted a parade, she undid an extra button at the top and bottom of the white coat that all the girls had to wear. This meant that she showed more of the deep cleavage between her full D cup breasts and much more of her sturdy legs to her mid-thigh. Previously she had without getting the salon owner's permission taken up the hem on the coat so instead of being slightly above her knees, it was the best part of eight inches up them. With the bottom two buttons now undone she was nearly flashing her panties and with the top three undone she was revealing the edges of her bra and the flesh of her breasts above that. As she walked past the nice looking fiftyish bloke sitting in the viewing room, she emphasised the sway of her hips and the wiggle of her bum. She also made sure that her bare leg in the strappy high heels slipped out from the coat, she turned and bent forward affording him a great view of her quite big, but very shapely bum showing that there was no VPL and she bent forward a little so he got an eyeful of her big tits. Smiling and nodding, she showed that she wanted him to choose her and he did.

After showing him into the largest and nicest massage room she left him to undress and shower as she touched up her hair and make-up. When she returned to the room she saw him leaning back against the massage table. He was wrapped in the towel, but she could see that he had a good body. Smiling to herself as she thought of the old thing about covering his face and he could be any age, not that she had anything against older men, she admired his physique. She also liked the easy way he chatted and his confident and assured, but not arrogant or cocky way that he conducted himself. 

As she usually did, she confirmed that he was not there mistakenly for a straight, 'medical' massage as had been known, and he enquired about extras. She was slightly disappointed when he said that he did not want sex, although that was fairly common, for the extra fifty pounds would have been welcome and being fucked by him would certainly not be chore at all. Like most of the girls she did not offer full sex to all customers, only to those she in a masseuse to customer way fancied.

"Yes please," she said when he asked if he should lay on his front.

She liked the way that he simply undid his towel without turning away and let her see him naked. It was almost as if he was flashing himself at her and her eyes, although seeing probably twenty or thirty cocks a week, enjoyed the sight of his thick, sturdy manhood. She thought of bringing up the full sex extra again for the thought of that dick, fully swollen going up inside her was quite appealing.
