 Here is another story finally. Sorry it took so long busy, busy, busy all of a sudden. Anyway more to come. This one is the first of a new category that I decided to do. Marriage in Trouble I call it. I am writing a second one in this category and more will come later. This one has one longer sex session later in the story and a shorter sex flashback part way through. Its more about their relationship then sex. 

Enjoy:

Tabooteller

* * * * *

Brian stared at his computer screen, there were numbers on it dealing with his and his wife's taxes, but he wasn't looking at them. He was feeling very frustrated and it had nothing to with the numbers on the monitor. He was thinking about the last two months. 

"I just don't understand it," he thought, "Our relationship wasn't the best but we were getting along. The last two months though everything has gone down hill. We haven't had sex for a month and before that it was three weeks. True, we did it two days in a row, but the second day was just a quickie, neither as physically nor emotionally satisfying as really making love."

He shook his head and continued with his dark thoughts, "Mary has been spending so much time doing other things, mainly at her friend's. Even when I tried to get her to spend some time with me she didn't want to."

He threw the paper he was looking over at the computer screen. "Damn it, I still care for her but I don't know if she feels the same. I'm afraid she doesn't. She's been even more distant lately. Of course being honest, its not all her fault. I've been spending more time at work and with my friends on the weekend instead of with her. I haven't been all that romantic either. But it's hard to be romantic if you don't know how the other person feels, or think there is a good chance she will reject the romance."

He shook his head again. "When we got married twelve years ago it was great, the wedding went off without much of a hitch. There were two small things that went wrong, but we laughed together when her gown's train was caught on that small post on the way to the reception. Her maid of honor took her aside and fixed the problem really fast and very few people knew she had a stain and a rip on the train. On our First anniversary I hit on the perfect celebration with dinner at that new restaurant with the view of the city and afterwards we went to see that short musical. When we got home we made love all night long. Literally. Neither one of us got any sleep and had to go to work that way. I just kept getting turned on by her and her love for me and I could tell by what she said and her body language that she was feeling the same. I didn't even mind sucking two doses of my cum out of her pussy at one point. I did good with her too. I know she had over ten orgasms that night. 

"God I still love her, I wish I knew what to say to get her to see that. But the last couple of years we have not been all that close... too many different activities. We still get along though and we still like each other. We make good love even if it is a lot less than it had been the first few years. It wasn't all her doing of course. I have gotten too busy also and I didn't always react in a good way to her. At least, though, we hadn't been fighting that much the last two months. Which might be because we haven't been talking much the last few months, not more then what we need to living in the same house anyway. We did have a couple doozies, one of which was my fault for it lasting as long as it did. 

Something small had set us off, I think it was me taking up some of her parking spot in our driveway. She usually didn't make that big a deal of that but that time she did. I reacted badly and away we went. One of our worst fights ever too. Of course it wouldn't have been so bad if I hadn't said something just as she was winding down. If I had just kept my temper in check a little longer we would have missed the second half of that fight. The half that was the worst. I really said some things I was sorry for. I apologized for a couple of the statements I made but she didn't seem to receive it. Not that she said she rejected it. It was more her attitude. That's one reason I'm not sure if she still loves me. She stayed mad for longer than usual and soon after started spending even more time over at her friend's place.

I just don't know what to do. I know I have reacted badly to things. I sulked too much over our lack of sex for one thing. We would go days without it. Some times she would apologize for ignoring me or for forgetting that we needed to do it but then she would go right on being too busy. She wanted to snuggle, kiss and she would even play with me now and then, but I got tired of being horny with no release. I cut down on hugging her and kissing back. I started to spend more time away from home on the weekend and coming home later. Hmmm, I wonder if she thought I was having an affair? I hadn't thought of that before. That would explain some of her reactions. Maybe we should talk more. I could set up a date with her and talk after we come home. Of course the last time we went out on date, only a couple of months ago, she wasn't all that impressed. Which is another reason I wonder if she still loves me. True it was something we had done a few times before and she likes it when I try something new. That could account for some of her attitude but I was under the impression it was more than that.

We had such good times too, back when. Not only did the wedding go smoothly but the wedding night was fantastic. Mary thought so too. We made it to our room still wearing our wedding gear. After kissing she wanted out of the dress so I helped her out part way but then she said that she was going to finish in the other room. That disappointed me but only for a moment, for after a few minutes she came out wearing one of the sexiest nightgowns I had ever seen. It was white with a skin hugging top, that both hid and showed her breasts. On the bottom there was only what I found out later to be a thong panty. There were also white silk stockings that went up to her upper thigh and connected to a garter belt. She was so beautiful and exciting I could only stare. She was better looking than those models in the Fredrick's of Hollywood TV commercials. Finally she asked me if I liked it and I told her how beautiful she was and that she was better looking than those models. She smiled shyly and told me to come get her. I did, and we went on to have a good time. 

She was a virgin as I was, even though I had had more experience than she. I think I gave her a good time. Afterwards she said I had been gentle and loving. I had wanted to just stick it in her, but I knew I needed to be careful because I not only wanted to give her a good time I didn't want to hurt her. So I took my time getting her out of that outfit. I rubbed her breasts some while kissing her, I had felt the breasts of two girls through their tops before but this material was thinner and I could feel the shape of my bride's breasts better than with the other two. That had been a big turn on. They were nice sized and shaped like some type of melons. I couldn't wait to see them fully. I slowly took off Mary's top, slipping it over her shoulders with more kissing and licking the side of her neck just under her ear. 

She shivered, but groaned as I nibbled her chin. She tensed at one point but then relaxed. I thought it was because we had reached the point where she usually stopped me - but now there was no reason to. Then I started slipping her top off and she just smiled at me. Once it was off I stepped back and looked at her bosom fully for the first time. I had seen parts of them but never a whole breast and never both at the same time. They were beautiful - as I told her. Again I had to fight the urge just to throw her on the bed and to rip off the rest of her clothes. I stared and then bent forward suddenly and started licking one. She gasped and pulled back but then relaxed herself and just enjoyed it. Again, I thought her reaction was automatic, out of the habit of saying 'no' to sexual pleasures. But she had remembered that it was okay now. 

Boy, I enjoyed myself hugely as I licked both breasts and sucked on the nipples. I sucked on the slopes of each breasts too leaving behind half a dozen hickeys on each. Mary got mad at me later when she put on her bikini and discovered two hickeys could be seen. Everyone who glanced at her would know what they were. But at the time I wasn't thinking of that, I was just enjoying myself while making sure she was enjoying herself. After a few minutes I laid her on the bed and took off her bottoms. I slowly slipped them down her legs so I could gradually see what I had been getting glimpses of all night. 

Once the whole thing was revealed I just stared. I finally was able to see a pussy, I had touched a few but never seen one before. I climbed onto the bed and started licking her legs at knee level. First one then the other back and forth slowly making my way up to that beautiful erotic sight between her legs. At first she didn't seem to get much out of it but as I worked my way upward she began to enjoy it. She groaned loudly as I swiped my tongue over the inside of her upper thigh so I knew I was doing good. I spent some extra time there just licking away and sucking on certain spots. I left even more hickeys there which she also got mad at me about when she put on her bikini. But at that moment she wanted more. Finally I made it to that spot, that wonderful sexy slit of hers. I spent half a minute I think just looking at it at close range. I took in the lips, the area around it and even her clitoris. 

I stopped the examination when she said something I didn't catch. I told her that I had been overwhelmed by what I was looking at which was true. When I started to lick her pussy she went wild. I swiped my tongue over it from bottom to top half a dozen times. Mary moaned big time and when I took one lip in my mouth and started sucking she grabbed my head and pushed against it, keeping my mouth on her. I didn't care, I just sucked, licked and slurped her juices. I switched to her clit just grabbing it in my mouth and sucking hard. She almost screamed out her pleasure so I kept it up concentrating on that small nub. After I don't know how long she had a orgasm, she bucked against my mouth pressing her clit harder against my lips and she did scream as her body jerked. I had hit pay dirt for it was a good climax too. I had given a couple girls orgasms before as I played with their pussies but they had been light compared to this one. I kept it up more and she finally told me it was enough since it was my turn. 

God, my turn felt so good. No girl had ever sucked on me before, even though a couple had given me climaxes while rubbing me through my pants. When Mary put her mouth over my cock and sucked I jerked and let out a sound that was almost a scream. She licked it some first and even sucked on the middle of the top, probably trying to leave a hickey of her own. That was good, but when she sucked with the whole head in her mouth my pleasure increased ten fold I think. And she kept it up until I came. I warned her not knowing if she really wanted to swallow my seed but she did. She ignored my warning and seconds later as she sucked the head and ran a hand up and down the shaft my mind exploded in the biggest orgasm I have ever had. 

I know I jammed my shaft further into her mouth but I couldn't help it. When the first glob of sperm shot out I screamed, and I let out another sound as the second and third squirt shot out. She must have swallowed most of it as I filled her mouth. Finally I relaxed and when my limp shaft popped out of her mouth she opened it to show me the last of my sperm still there. Mary told me later that a friend had told her to do that. I ended up just staring again. I did a lot of staring that night. I couldn't believe how erotic it was. She has only done it a hand full of times since and none at all for the past months. Mary never did like the taste of cum all that much so she has only given me blow jobs on special occasions and there had been none in the past nine months or more.

Suddenly Brian halted those thoughts. Nice remembrances, but at the same time frustrating. He was already horny as hell, which might why he was thinking of those events. They not only did nothing to help his horniness it made it worse. It was also frustrating in that he and his wife hadn't had any good times like that for a while. He missed them and not just for the sexual release either. She rebuffed his last two attempts to do something, to go out for dinner and have a nice talk. It seemed like they did better while away from the house. But speaking of sexual release it looked like he was going to have to use his hand for that again. He was tried of having to do that.

As Brian thought about Mary's rebuffs his anger quickly grew, the heck with it he thought "I am going to get some companionship and hopefully some sexual release in a way that was more satisfying than my hand". He saved and put away what he was working on then called up his server. Once he was on line he quickly went to the Literotica site. He had been there a lot lately reading various stories to help take up the time he should have been spending with his wife and to help him get sexual release. It always seemed to be more fun to masturbate while reading those stories than to do it just using his imagination. Now though, he was here for different reason. He thought about checking to see if his favorite writers had anything new. Patrica51's To Serve and Protect series was great and not just for a turn on either they were good storytelling. Her 'Moonlight' was very well written as well as a fabulous turn on, as was the lesbian sex in the two Cruise stories and the first To Serve and Protect. Troubadour had a couple great ones Brian liked to reread now and then as did MsSeminoleWind. 

Her "Accidental Fantasy" was one of the better tales. Then there was the guy with the story about the wife who had had two affairs, well one tryst and one affair. Her husband wasn't sure of what he wanted to do at the end of the last chapter. Brian was hoping that writer would have a sequel some time soon. The story by the same writer, about the couple having sex at a Halloween party was good. As I read it I was worried that that guy who was masturbating in the bushes would be invited to join them, but he wasn't. Good sex scenes in that story and a good story. The same with that writer's story about the husband who endured a huge temptation and ended up with having anal sex with his wife. Nice! Then there was that story he read recently that took place in a harem. The husband had invited two guys who had saved his life, in to choose a wife they would spend the evening with. They all choose the same girl. So she ended up having sex with all three. 

"Ugh, Now I'm woolgathering instead of doing what I came for... Do I really want to do it? I wish our relationship was better so I wouldn't feel this way. (sigh) If she would just give in some. Of course again honesty makes me admit to myself that it isn't all her doing. I was the one who acted immature when I thought she didn't want to have sex anymore. I said some not nice things during our last couple of fights. I tried to apologize for what I said during the last one and only partially got it out. That was one reason I wanted to go out to dinner. We both seem to be more receptive to what the other says while out. I was planning on saying I was sorry for everything I said during and even before the fight".

His anger grew again as he thought about her refusal to try to talk and how horny he had gotten over the last few days. 

"(SIGH) Do it. Maybe I can find someone who will do anal sex. I really want to and she won't even try again. Since the beginning of our third year of marriage I have tried to talk her into trying it but she said she wasn't ready for that. I read up on it wanting to do it right. I really didn't want to hurt her or to give her a bad experience, I still don't actually. We did try it twice but that last time two years ago didn't work out right. She ended it by saying that she won't do it no way, no when not ever. Our relationship was good at that time so I thought I could live with that even though it was disappointing. Now though, I don't think I want to live with it anymore. If I'm going to find another woman I just as well find one I can do it with."

So thinking all this, Brian went to the personal ads on Literotica. He skimmed through them trying to find the right person, who lived in his area. 

"Hmmm, she sounds interesting but then again no. She sounds too wild. I really don't want a total slut. Maybe this one, oops wrong area. How about this woman? No, Doesn't sound quite right either".

After reading a few more he found one that looked promising. Lonely housewife who wanted some company. "A kindred soul maybe", he thought, "Hmmm, she also wants to try anal for the first time. Double check the area and she names this area of this state. Good, I can send her a PM and maybe in a day or two she will respond. Yeah, I should tell her I'm married but lonely too and that I have never done anal but want to, and have read up on it. I think I can be gentle". 

Brian sent the Personal Message and then went on to check out any new stories that might be interesting. However when he went back to his control panel he was surprised to find a PM waiting for him. As he opened it he saw that it was from the woman to whom he just sent the message. 

"Wow, that was fast. She must be online now. Hmm, she wants to know more about me. She read my profile but asked for more. I can tell he I am a white collar worker, who loves to read detective stories as well as Science Fiction. I like long walks on the beach as well as the classic Rock music. I'm over six feet and about twenty pounds over weight not great looking but not bad either". 

He sent that PM and waited. Again to his surprise she answered almost immediately. She would like to meet somewhere. "Good", Brian thought, sending a note suggesting that evening for dinner. He was on his own for dinner anyway so it didn't matter that he wasn't home for that meal. He knew of a nice place that supposedly served good food. It was also a few miles away from where he lived so that it would be less likely that a neighbor or someone else they knew would see him with a strange woman. He didn't tell her that, but she still agreed to meet there for dinner. He was surprised that it would be for that evening, after all they have barely even communicated much less knew each other. That was probably another reason, he thought, she would agree to meet at some place other than here or her house. It would be harder for her to follow him home or for him to follow her home if he was some type of attacker.

He told her he would be wearing a red shirt. It was a new one he had bought recently. He thought he looked good in it. The woman said she would be wearing a blue blouse with yellow flowers. Hopefully not too many other woman there would be wearing blue with yellow flowers. Suddenly he sighed as the blue blouse reminded him of what his wife had worn on their wedding night. He still could change his mind even though it was probably too late to tell her that he had.

Suddenly another thought struck him that almost made him sick. It was probably inspired by what he was about to do even though he should have thought about it sooner. What if his wife was seeing someone else? That could explain her actions lately and why he was getting no sex. If she was in love with another man she could be lying about going over to her friend's or... maybe its her friend's husband? or even the friend? 
