 My name is Dionisio but everyone calls me Dio. My parents came to California from the Cordillera region of the Philippines in the 1970s. I've only been there once—for a cousin's wedding—and only sort of understand my parents' language, Ilokano. 

I grew up with the typical embarrassments of the children of immigrants, like the time I went to the hardware store with my dad. He went up to the front and asked in his loud, clear and heavily accented voice, "Hi guys, where do you keep the jungle bolos?" This created confusion until they figured out he wanted a machete to clear out the overgrowth in our back yard. I'm proud of my parents now but as a kid, being different didn't exactly boost my social confidence.

Now that I'm grown, I'm strong and fit from sports and working out and people say I have a handsome face. I was a good student in high school and got into UCLA. I'm double-majoring in Political Science and Art and Design. I'm planning to become an architect: I'd like to revolutionize the way people live. But this story isn't about that.

Despite my good looks and buff build, I'm only 5' 5" and a lot of college women are only interested in tall guys. Fortunately, there are a lot of Asian women at UCLA and most of them are shorter and smaller than I am. They tend to be more open minded about men's height. I've been able to hook up on a fairly regular basis but haven't really clicked with anyone and haven't had a regular girl friend. But during my junior year, my romantic life took a series of unexpected turns for the better.

My Poly-Sci major requires a course on social theory that kicks everyone's ass. There wasn't that much more reading than a typical UC social science course, which is heavy enough, but most of it seemed like it was written in another language with undecipherable phrases such as "structured structures predisposed to function as structuring structures." 

But the silver lining was Daniella. She was Filipina with golden brown skin like mine, and she couldn't have been more than five feet tall and about 90 pounds: all perfectly proportioned. She had clear skin, long black silky hair and a nice little ass and rounded breasts. She usually wore sleeveless sun dresses and platform sandals that showed off her glowing skin from her pretty face down to her toes, always painted with multiple colors of nail polish. I took all of this in by studying her reflection in the window next to her so I wouldn't appear to be staring at her. All through class I let my eyes flicker back and forth between this double vision of Daniella in the flesh, and Daniella reflected in the glass of the window. I was smitten. 

I asked her if she wanted to get together to try to make sense of our readings. She seemed a little surprised, then agreed, noting that ordinary study habits probably weren't going to cut it in this course. Our first meeting, at a café, was strictly business. We were trying to crack the code of Pierre Bourdieu's Outline of a Theory of Practice without much success. Daniella suggested that we continue on Saturday afternoon after consulting some of the secondary literature in the library. Of course I agreed and did my share of the research, more to appear in a good light to Daniella than to be a super student.

On Saturday, she dressed down, wearing yoga pants and a tank top, but she looked hotter than ever in the form fitting clothes which revealed a slice of her slim brown midriff. I wanted to wrap my hands around her waist but kept it professional. We were actually starting to get what Bourdieu was driving at, at least I thought we were. It was still heavy going, but we seemed to pull out a few coherent concepts.

I asked Daniella what she had planned for the weekend.

"Nothing much, tonight I'll probably just watch a movie with my room mate, what about you?" she replied.

"Exactly the same!" I laughed, "pretty boring, huh?" 

"Well," she began, "if you don't have a better offer, you and your roommate could join us. I'll make popcorn if you bring something to drink."

"Sound great," I said, trying not to betray my inner state of excitement. "What do you like to drink, soda, beer, wine?" 

"How about some white wine?" Daniella suggested, "I'm not a big drinker but I'm ready to relax after all this brain-twisting theory."

"You got it," I replied. Now that I was 21 I felt pretty cool to be able to pick up a bottle without an intermediary.

When I got back to my tiny shared apartment, there was a note from my roommate, Matt, letting me know he had won tickets to a concert and wouldn't be back until late. I liked Matt just fine but didn't feel too heart-broken that I would be the only guy watching movies with Daniella tonight. 

After killing some time, eating a sandwich, taking a shower and changing into nicer clothes, I hopped on my bike and made a trip to the liquor store then headed over to Daniella's dorm, arriving right on time at 8:00.

When Daniella opened the door she was back lit by the soft evening light slanting through the windows of her tiny shared apartment. I handed her the bottle of wine and explained Matt's absence. 

"Oh well," she replied, "my roommate Jennifer went and made other plans too."

Daniella was wearing a sundress I hadn't seen before, made of gauzy fabric in stripes of soft pink, orange and purple. She smelled good and her skin glowed. She wore silver sandals that set off her pretty feet. She had painted her toe nails in alternating colors of pink, orange and purple, like her dress. Delicate silver rings, bracelets and earrings completed her look. My heart pounded to realize that she may have gone to this extra effort for me. 

After Daniella made popcorn we settled into the crappy couch in the small shared common room, made slightly less industrial by fabric from the Philippines hung on the walls. Despite the squalor of student housing, the presence of Daniella, the glow of sunset colors through the window, and my own charged anticipation, elevated the moment to that of a special occasion. To my surprise, Daniella produced two wine glasses that actually matched (rare for students) and brought out the popcorn in a giant teak bowl (anybody from the Philippines knows what kind of bowl I'm talking about and your parents probably have a matching giant teak salad spoon and fork on their kitchen wall).

I let Daniella choose the movie. It was a romantic comedy that was more humorous than actually erotic. With her legs stretched out and her feet on the table in front of me, I was enjoying the sight of those perfect legs and feet as I pretended to focus on the movie. Daniella poured each of us another glass of wine and we soon polished off the bottle. We were laughing a lot and sometimes Daniella would grab my arm or knee in her mirth. I noticed the delicate curve of her neck and collar bones and wanted to plant my lips on her shoulder. But I knew better than to move too fast.

The movie entered a more dramatic segment and we stopped laughing. Daniella leaned her head against my shoulder. I placed my arm around her, a lump in my throat as my hand settled on her hip. As she slouched down, her dress rode up revealing a long swath of her trim thighs. My cock was half hard in my pants but I didn't think it was noticeable. The movie ended, predictably happy. 

"This is nice," Daniella said softly.

I squeezed Daniella gently, my heart pounding. "Daniella?" I asked.

"Yes..., you can," she answered, turning her face towards mine. "And you can call me Dee."

I leaned in to kiss her soft lips. It was electric. We passionately kissed and rubbed our bodies together. I caressed her breasts through the cloth of her dress feeling her nipples stiffen at my touch and she grabbed my ass, pulling my swollen cock against her mons. We continued for what must have been a long time but I really couldn't tell because I was entirely lost in the moment. Our bodies were hot, we were both breathing heavily when Daniella pulled back for a moment. I was plunged into a sensation of dread. Here I was about to hear about the boyfriend back home she couldn't betray, religious scruples, or possibly, and worst of all, that she just didn't feel that way about me.

Instead, Daniella looked me in the eye and said, "come to bed with me."

My rollercoaster nosedive pulled up so abruptly I might have suffered some kind of psychological whiplash. In elation, I followed Daniella's delicious little body to her bedroom. I couldn't wait to taste her. 

Daniella turned on her bedside lamp and draped an orange scarf over it so that her room glowed with a warm light. I followed her onto the bed and, taking one dainty foot in my hand, brought her toes to my lips. I kissed and licked and sucked her toes, the arch of her foot and up her to her knee, then repeated my ministrations on the other foot. Daniella was breathing heavily as she surrendered to me. I kissed up her thighs, and pushed her dress up until my nose was against her panty clad pussy. I pulled the tiny pink thong off of her and brought my lips down to her pussy, graced with a tiny wisp of black hair. I drew my tongue up and down her outer lips as she moaned and ran her fingers through my close-cropped hair. I plunged my tongue as deep as I could inside her and then found her clit, flicking it gently. Daniella inhaled sharply then uttered a long-drawn out hiss. Her pussy had a delicate scent and taste that didn't remind me of anything else. It was essence of Daniella, the most seductive aroma of all. As I lashed her with my tongue Daniella began to cry out, "Oh! Oh! Oh!" I steadily flicked her clit with my tongue as she erupted in orgasm, pushing my head down with her hands as her legs gripped my shoulders. 

"Where'd you learn to do that?" she asked through her panting breaths.

"Correspondence courses," I teased, "and practice."

"My old boyfriend never did that," she confided.

"Well I like to," I said, "and I intend to keep practicing."

Daniella's eyes just gleamed. It seemed as if I'd done and said the right thing. We pulled off our remaining clothes and Daniella began to rub her little hands all over my body while giving me little kisses and licks. She was exploring and I gladly let her, while my eyes caressed her slim body with its delicate curves and pointed breasts ending in dark hard nipples. My cock was standing straight up but she hadn't touched it yet. I wondered just how much experience she had, given the apparent limitations of her old boyfriend. I watched Daniella move about my body, her little body was so perfect and perfectly sexy. Just the sight of her was making me throb.

Now Daniella placed her tiny hands around my cock. Using her right hand to stroke my shaft, she used her left to palm my balls and tickle them with her manicured nails. Looking up at me with her beautiful brown eyes, Daniella shyly kissed the tip of my cock, then extended her tongue to taste it. Looking down to concentrate, she took the bell head of my cock between her lips. My cock is about average size, and maybe a little bigger than average girth, but it looked giant in Daniella's little mouth. 

Her saliva was running down my shaft, making her hand strokes feel tight and slippery. She now had about half of my cock in her mouth, sucking and licking with abandon as her hands stimulated the rest of my equipment to diamond hardness. I was holding back my orgasm: I was dying to come but I also wanted this to last forever. I told Daniella I didn't think I could last much longer. 

"Do you want to come in my mouth?" she asked.

"You have no idea," I responded. 

As I sat up against the headboard of her bed, Daniella knelt between my outstretched legs and lowered her mouth back down to my cock as she looked me in the eye. I reached down to touch her hard nipples, rubbing and gently pinching them as her lips slowly surrounded my cock head and her tongue flicked back and forth along the underside. Daniella grasped my balls with one hand and circled the base of my cock with the other and began to bob up and down rhythmically. 

As her silken hair caressed my thighs, I watched her raise her ass up as she arched her back. It was perfect and I could hardly wait for the chance to hold that delicious round brown ass in my hands as I plunged my cock into her pussy. This doubled image—one of the blowjob I was getting, and the fucking I was imagining—combined with the wonderful sensations of Daniella's mouth, hands and hair. I erupted, pouring out a load of cum into her little mouth. Daniella gasped and tried to keep sucking me as her eyes watered with distress. When my cock stopped pulsing, Daniella jumped up and ran to the bathroom, presumably to spit. 

When she returned, she lay down and put her head on my chest.

"Sorry about that," she said. "I never had anyone cum in my mouth before. I didn't know what to expect."

"Don't apologize," I replied. "That was amazing and I loved it."

"Umm," she murmured as she caressed my chest. "I guess you won't mind if I want to practice on you more."

"As long as I get to lick you too," I said.

"You're so sweet," Daniella told me. Then she looked up at me with a look of concern. "Dio," she asked questioningly, "I don't want to move too fast, but, is this just a one time thing?"

"Dee," I responded, touching her cheek lightly, "I don't want to move too fast either, but I hope it's not."

The truth was that I was infatuated and probably would have agreed to get married the next day if she asked me but I tried to hold my enthusiasm in check. I knew what it was like to be scared away by someone who came on too strong and I didn't want to be that guy.

"Do you mind..." she began, "if we don't spend the night tonight? I feel a little weird with my roommate coming back later and I'd rather let her know ahead of time if I'm going to have a man staying over." 

This disappointed me since I really didn't want to let go of Daniella's body if I could help it but tried to play it cool. "I don't mind," I said, "should I get going now?"

Daniella sighed as she ran her hands over my body. "I'd kind of like to do more, but...well, maybe it would be nice to have something to look forward to."

I had to admit she had a point. We agreed to meet up to study and share meals during the week to continue to get to know one another and that she would come spend Friday night at my place since Matt was going away for the weekend. We kissed tenderly, then passionately, then tenderly again. I dressed and let myself out, feeling very good indeed.