 John awoke in darkness. 

For the first moment all he knew was that he was thirsty and needed to piss, but he didn't know where he was. Looking around in the dark room he spied the glowing digital alarm clock beside the bed. Its large numbers read 2:08 AM. Then he felt Robin sleeping quietly beside him. 

That was when he realized where he was. He must have gone to sleep soon after coming. That would mean it must be Saturday morning, as their date had been on a Friday night. It had turned out better than he had imaged it could.

Smiling to himself, John quickly recalled the layout of Robin's apartment and rolled out of the bed. He was totally naked but he knew that Robin was the only one who would see him. He wasn't planning on going out onto the balcony for all of Denver to see him. Of course, they were on the fifth floor and there were no tall buildings nearby, so he would probably have gone unnoticed even if he had gone out there. 

The air was cool on his skin as he stepped to a door that he figured must be a second way into the bathroom he had discovered earlier. He went inside. Closing the door and turning on the light he was temporarily blinded, so he calmly waited for his eyes to adjust. He discovered that it was the bathroom after all. He pissed as quietly as he could before flushing the toilet and washing his hands. 

When he shut off the light and stepped back into the bedroom he noticed that Robin hadn't stirred. She looked so beautiful, her freckled face relaxed in sleep. John then realized that he was thirsty and so decided to head for the kitchen he had noticed earlier.

He stepped to the closed door of the bedroom, realized that she must have closed it before going to sleep herself. Silently opening the door, John slipped into the dining room and closed the door behind him. The moonlight filtered through the balcony curtain casting a blue glow on the darkened dining room. 

He could see that the door to the other bedroom was closed and the kitchen had no doorway at all. Padding across the hardwood floor he passed the dining room table. John entered the kitchen and turned on the light. 

Once again, he had to wait for his eyes to adjust. Opening the refrigerator he found a pitcher of orange juice. Retrieving a glass from a random cabinet he poured himself a glass and drained it before pouring him a second. 

The date with Robin had been planned of weeks and he had never imagined she would fuck him so readily. She had put him off and made him wait for a ling time. Maybe that was part of her plan. He would have to find out but he suspected that she put him off to create urgency within him. Either that or she dated lots of guys and had finally managed to fit him into her busy schedule. He dismissed the thought as probably too close to the truth.

Finishing his second glass of juice John rinsed it and put it in her sink. He felt much better. Turning off the light, John started back across the dining room when he heard a sound coming from the other bedroom. 

The sound startled him, as it seemed vaguely human. Robin had never mentioned a roommate so he figured it must be a burglar. Great, a burglar and here he was completely naked. Though John was in someone else's apartment he was not a coward. The thought of a burglar made him angry.

Grabbing the closest heavy object, which happened to be a small marble statue of a dolphin, John stepped up to the door. He detected a soft light coming form under the door, the carpet under his feet hiding nearly all of it. As quietly as he could, John turned the knob and pushed the door open. 

The room was bathed in a soft white light coming from a bedside lamp. The covers of the bed were thrown to the floor and in the center of the bed was a nude blonde woman. She was lying on her back with her eyes tightly shut and her legs spread wide. Her left hand was pinching and rubbing at her nipples while her right hand fucked a large plastic cock in and out of her pussy. 

John's cock rose to full attention as he stared at the unexpected erotic sight. The woman's face was long and lean, a sexual snarl contorting her thin lips. Her body was long and thin, a little too thin. Her hair was straight, blonde, and nearly three feet long as it splayed out on the bed about her head. Her breasts were small, their hard nipples a deep red, and her ribs were clearly visible as she breathed hard and fast. Her clean-shaven cunt was spread before John's view, her thin legs reaching toward the ceiling. The lips of her pink pussy were stretched tight about the huge phallus as she slowly pumped herself with it. 

John gasped sharply at the highly arousing sight. He was completely surprised and caught off guard. This was the last thing he had expected to see when he opened the door. 

The woman opened her eyes and looked directly at John, a shocked expression on her face.

"Who are you?" they asked each other simultaneously. 

"I live here," the woman answered first as she quickly withdrew the plastic cock from her cunt, which made a sexy slurping sound. He put one arm across her tits and, dropping the dildo on the bed beside her, she used her other hand to cover her shaved pussy with her other hand. "Who the fuck are you?" 

He didn't try to cover himself or avert his eyes from her naked body; though somewhere in the back of him mind he knew he should. That same voice also told him to back away, close the door, and let her get dressed. But, that voice was not nearly loud enough to tear John's attention away from staring at her. "You're Robin's roommate? She never mentioned a roommate," John tried to explain. 

"You're Robin's date? You must be John," she said, beginning to relax. 

"Yes, I'm John," he confirmed, oblivious to his rock-hard cock thrusting proudly from his groin and pulsing strongly. "John Parker." 

"I guess you thought I was a criminal," she said, gesturing toward the dolphin statue in his hand. The gesture re-exposed her small tits to his hungry gaze.

"Yes," he replied, setting the statue down on her makeup table. "Sorry." 

"That's okay," she smiled, relaxing a little more. "Robin is forgetful sometimes. Why don't you close the door so we don't wake her up?" 

John closed the door and turned back to the woman. She was now sitting up in the bed, her hands no longer hiding herself from him at all. The smell of sex filled the room and John's senses. His cock had not flagged in the least.

"Hi John, I'm Angela Sutherland," she said formally, extending her hand to him. 

John stepped up to the bed and shook her hand awkwardly. "Nice to meet you, Angela," he said. Her hand was damp with her own cunt juice. He automatically pulled his hand up to his nose before he realized what he was doing. The aroma made his cock pulse even more strongly. 

"Sorry about that," she said, smiling at him. 

Beginning to regain his senses, John said "I'm sorry; I never would have intruded on your privacy if I would have known Robin had a roommate."

"Well, I'm sorry if I startled you. I got in half an hour ago. My date didn't work out and I was a little hot," she explained. 

"'A little hot'? What would you do if you had been really hot?" John asked, his words coming out of his mouth before he could even think about what he was saying. 

"I'm getting hotter by the minute," she relied, her clear blue eyes sparkling. 

"I-" he began but his words got lost in his throat as Angela reached out, grabbed his hard cock with both hands, leaned forward, and sank her mouth down around his stiff pole.

He couldn't believe what was happening. He knew there was a distinct possibility that he could wake up at any moment because things like this never happened to him. He realized somewhere in the back of his mind that he shouldn't let this happen because he was still on a date with Robin. But, like the voice earlier, it was really far in the back of his mind and didn't manage to come to the surface. Getting laid had been the focus of his life for so long that any sort of monogamous thoughts required a different way of thinking. He was unprepared to shift his thinking toward anything different at two in the morning.

"Oh God," he exclaimed, as her thin lips began to travel along his inflamed dick. John completely gave in to the moment. He reached down and began caressing Angela's small tits, the nipples as hard as pebbles, as she sucked on his cock with increasing ferocity.

"Your cock tastes so good," she said; pausing to take a breath, before sucking his prick back into her wet mouth. 

John realized that it probably still tasted like Robin's juices, but he didn't mention that. Instead he responded by saying, "Your hair is so beautiful." He gathered her hair together in one of his hands while the other continued to please her nipples. He gently tugged on her hair, guiding her head's speed as it bobbed over his cock. She moaned her approval as she sucked even harder on his column of flesh. 

John had fucked Robin just a few hours before so, he realized, his cock was now going to be able to fuck for a long time. The pleasure Angela's mouth was giving him was enormous but he could take much more than that before coming. He smiled to himself.

Angela's thin lips didn't hinder her from giving John a highly energetic and sexy blowjob. She reached around him and grabbed his ass with both hands. As he guided her by his hand in her hair she guided him by her hands on his ass. She sucked and licked tirelessly, pulling more and more of his cock into her face. 

Suddenly Angela pulled her mouth from his dick, pulled her hair free from his hand, and got on her hands and knees in the center of the bed. She turned around and presented her ass to him. She looked over her shoulder at him and whispered, "Fuck me, John." 

John didn't hesitate. He mounted the bed on his knees, his cock pulling him forward with a will of its own. Angela's ass swayed seductively before him. Her cunt lips were spread wide and glistening with her juices. The insides of thighs were soaked.

Moving forward on his knees, John pressed the head of his cock to the opening of he pussy and easily sank the entire length of his big cock into her cunt in one motion. This surprised John, because he would have thought that a woman as thin as her would have a tighter pussy. Then again, he reasoned, it was probably because she was so wet.

Angela gasped in pleasure at the entry of his pussy-stretching tool. "God, yes," she said. 

John held himself motionless inside of her, relishing the feeling of her velvet cunt wrapped around his prick. Without waiting for him, Angela began rocking back and forth, stroking her pussy over his cock. Within seconds she was slamming her whole body back against his motionless hips. 

Once again, John gathered her hair together in his hand. Her hair was so long that it covered her entire back and ass. He wrapped the hair around his hand to get a good grip.

Feeling her hair pulled tight she bent her head down and said, "Pull me onto your cock." 

Without hesitation he began pulling hard on her hair, helping her impale herself on his spike. The slapping sounds of the fuck increased as John began moving his hips forward to increase the impact. Her firm ass barely jiggled above his tool. He could feel his balls slapping against her clit on each stroke.

Angela began to grunt as her orgasm neared. Her pussy was traveling along his prick at a blistering pace but the cunt juice, which was dripping onto the bed below their thrusting bodies, was more than enough to protect them from the brutal friction. The slapping sounds filled the room. 

Her grunting became so loud that John was beginning to worry that they might wake up Robin, thoughts of her making their way to the front of his mind. He didn't really want to be caught fucking his date's roommate no matter how it had happened. "Keep it down," he breathed. "We don't want to be interrupted." 

Angela quit grunting, reached forward, and gripped the headboard in her hands. She dropped her head low and using all of the strength in her lean body she slammed herself back onto his cock over and over. John had loosened the tautness of her hair in his fist and was just concentrating on not getting knocked off the bed. 

She began a low moan as her cunt muscles began rippling and her fuck-juice flowed freely from her pussy, coating John's balls and her legs. She never stopped slamming her body back against his, engulfing his big cock in her hungry fuck-hole again and again. The sloshing and sucking sounds of a very wet cunt fucking a wet shaft filled the room.

Angela's moan continued as she began to lose strength in her arms and legs. John took up some of the slack by again pulling her by her hair onto his prick and moving his hips forward. Finally, consumed by her orgasm, Angela collapsed onto her face, her ass high in the air. 

Immediately, John took over. He released her hair, leaned forward, and began fucking her spasming cunt with all of his might. If she were finally having an orgasm he was going to make it as powerful as he could. Gripping her hips in his hands he propelled his hips forward, his abdomen slapping her ass loudly. 

"I'm coming so good," she said, interrupting her moan to gasp for air. 

Angela again began grunting with each impact of his cock in her cunt as her first orgasm finally began to subside. "You...are a...great...fuck," she told him between grunts. 

"You are phenomenal," he told her as he slowed his strokes into her body. 

"Really?" she asked as she rose once again to her hands and began pumping her pussy over his prick. She was using her cunt muscles to milk his cock as she stroked it with her body movements.

"Hell, yes," he said, feeling as if her cunt was trying to draw his cum from his balls. "You keep that up and I'm gonna come." 

"That's the plan," she replied. 

John, leaning forward, reached down under the fulcrum of her slim hips and found her clit with his fingers. He began rubbing it as the cunt above milked his cock. His fingers were soon soaked in the juices running out of her pussy. 

Angela squealed loudly at the unexpected pleasure filling her body. "Oh, yes," she encouraged him, working her cunt muscles with even more determination. 

John wanted to give her another orgasm before she drained him dry. He worked his fingers against her clit as skillfully as her pussy worked on his rod. "Your cunt feels so good around my cock," he told her. 

"You're gonna make me come again," she said in amazement as his fingers played her clit expertly. 

Realizing that both of their orgasms were close John released her clit, hooked his hands unto the fulcrum of her hips, and began pounding his cock into her cunt with all his strength. Once again the slapping sounds filled the air. They were both covered with sweat but they barely noticed. 

"You're gonna do it," she said, rubbing her own clit below his thrusting shaft with one of her hands. "I'm gonna come." 

"Here I come," he told her as the cum blasted from his cock. The orgasm bathed John's body in warmth. He slammed his cock deep inside of her and held it there as he came.

As soon as his hot cum hit her pussy walls, Angela began to moan. Her cunt spasmed uncontrollably as her orgasm overcame her and she completely collapsed onto the bed. "Oh fuck," she shouted in pleasure.

John kept his cock motionless, embedded deep inside of her. He emptied his balls into her. She continued to moan and her cunt muscles milked the cum from his cock mercilessly. 

After a few moments John's cock, satisfied, began to deflate inside of Angela. Drained completely, John pulled out of Angela's still-grasping fuck-hole. "You are amazing," he said. 

"So are you," she replied with a sigh. 

*     *     *

John was awakened by Robin's hand gently shaking his shoulder. He had crept back into her bedroom and slept like the dead. He saw no signs that she had stirred while he had been gone.

"Wake up, lover boy," she whispered. "Breakfast is almost ready." 

Opening his eyes John could see that sunlight was streaming into the room through the open door. The clock read 9:05 AM. Robin had dressed in a short pink silk robe, her long red hair damp and stringy about her freckled face. She kissed him on the cheek and said, "You can wash up in the bathroom through that door. Oh and here's a robe for you." 

John sat up and put the robe on as Robin left the room. The robe was black with blue trim. Well, at least it wasn't pink, he thought. 

John made his way to the bathroom. As he brushed his teeth with the toothbrush Robin had set out for him he thought about everything that had happened to him in the last twelve hours. He could hardly believe it had all happened to him in one night. Not only did his date go so well that he stayed the night but he had also fucked her roommate. Angela wasn't quite as pretty as Robin but she fucked like a pro. So, in John's mind they were about even.

Now all he had to do was be sure that Robin didn't find out. If she knew what he had done he would be driving back home within minutes. That is, if she didn't cut his dick off first. She hadn't actually said anything that would remotely be considered a threat like that, but what woman would be okay with what he had done?

As John looked himself over he could feel Angela's juice still lingering on his cock. He started the shower after finding some towels. He dropped the robe on the floor and stepped in.

John quickly showered, the water stinging his skin with its heat as if to chastise him for his behavior the night before. He made sure all evidence got washed away with the soap and water. He felt dirty and guilty in the harsh light of day. Well, he reasoned, what's done is done and now he had to concentrate on damage control.

When finished John turned off the water. Toweling himself dry he decided that he felt much better, albeit undeservedly. He still didn't know what he was going to do about Robin and Angela but his guilt was easing.

Picking the robe off the floor and pulling it on, he ventured out into the living room. The curtain hiding the balcony had been pulled back, revealing that the balcony was large with a table and four chairs. The morning sun was visible as it rose over the skyscrapers of downtown Denver. He smelled eggs and bacon cooking the kitchen. Robin was sitting in a chair on the balcony while Angela cooked breakfast. 

John stepped out into the cool morning air and sat at the small table next to Robin. His wet hair quickly grew cold, drying quickly. "This is a great view," he said. 

"Yes it is," Robin replied. "Make you feel good to be alive. The air smells much cleaner this high up." 

"It sure does," John agreed as Angela stepped onto the balcony balancing a huge tray of food. 

Placing the plates of food and glasses of milk and juice in front of John and Robin, Angela took her seat on the other side of John. He was hemmed in, as his chair was away from the door. All of the chairs were arranged to look out over the balcony.

"I hope you like it," Angela said to John. 

"Oh, John," Robin said, "You haven't met my roommate, Angela."

"No," he replied, lying.

"Angela this is John. John, this is my roommate Angela," Robin continued. 

Then Angela said, "John and I met at about two this morning." 

"Really?" Robin asked, a look of confusion on her freckled face. 

John wanted to crawl away but there was nowhere to go. He couldn't believe Angela had admitted that. A slow panic began to build inside of him. 

"Yes. I got in late and he caught me with Fred," she confessed. 

"You were fucking that dildo again?" Robin asked.

Angela nodded.

"So I take it the date didn't go well," Robin surmised.

"No it didn't. What a loser! So, I got home and start working with Fred. Then John walked right in on me. I thought you had sent him, but he thought I was a burglar. Anyway, I was so hot that I fucked him right there. He was good, too," Angela confessed happily as she munched on a slice of bacon. 
