 Neighbors are making porn for profit and recruit new talent from next door.

Tom was busy in his yard taking close up photos of a brick wall when he became aware of his neighbor Joe peering over the fence.

"It's just amazing how much fun you have," Joe said, "When your wife is away at her mother's but don't worry it can be our secret."

"Actually not as silly as it looks, I have a new camera and the texture of the bricks is the best test for macro photography. It pays to gain familiarity with the camera before trying to capture an important shot."

"Did I hear 'macro photography' that's my interest too, I could sure use some help with it?"

They agreed to meet at Tom's place in 30 minutes, Joe needed to talk to his wife and Tom wanted to organise the photography equipment in his den.

Later, after coffee, a few beers and good look at Tom's lighting, backdrop and lenses, Joe hesitantly posed a question, "Stop me if you don't want to hear any of this but we are actually involved in close-up porn work. We post pictures and videos on the free porn sites and as a result we sell a few downloads and glossy prints. We can't quit our day jobs but it pays for our vacation and it's fun. The problem I have is being the producer, co-star and camera man at the same time is very inefficient. So, we wondered if you would care to hold the camera while we pose, direct and so on?"

"I don't find naked women or pussy as interesting as bricks", laughed Tom, "but I could try just once."

That evening Tom, Joe and Joe's wife Judy got together for barbecued steak, a few drinks and eventually they moved to Tom's studio.

Judy was in her mid thirties, petite, long straight red hair with firm pointy breasts that didn't need any help from a bra. Much to Tom's surprise, she stripped naked as soon as they entered his den/photo shoot area.

Joe suggested that they start with a set of pussy shots. Judy got in to position on a chair, Tom fussed with lenses and lights and Joe rummaged through a bag of lubricants, sex toys and other paraphernalia. Judy had her legs wide apart, was stretching her pussy lips for maximum exposure and ready for action.

"The reason we do close up work,"explained Joe, "Is that we never show our faces. There's a niche market for what we do and it suits us. We do not let anything go that is not perfect and some people appreciate that."

He gently adjusted Judy's pussy lips, stroked her hair, moistened her skin in places, and suggested slight changes to her position while Tom snapped away.

After while, Judy moved to a doggy position on the floor and Tom worked his camera inches from her rosebud while her husband parted her butt cheeks.

Then Joe stripped off and half inserted his cock in to Judy's pussy, ensuring that the camera could capture a well lit penetration image. 

Joe suggested a few clit shots explaining that her clit was quite a sight when it felt sufficiently aroused. "Like a tiny circumcised penis, but much prettier - it looks quite delicious," he explained before diving in to lick it to attention. 

"Your magic tongue feels good but is not working," Judy observed, "We can't let the camera man go until he has seen it at its best."

"That's what it needs, a new man," said Joe, "Get over here partner and get licking".

Tom did not need any persuasion, he went down on Judy and coaxed her clit to its maximum size within a minute or two. He surfaced for air and lifted his head to admire his work.

Joe asked him how he felt sucking a tiny penis.

"I wouldn't suck a cock for any amount of money but anything attached to such a sexy woman is fine with me."

Joe said that he had forgotten to take photos while he was watching Tom sucking and licking his wife's clit so they would have to meet again the following evening.

"We can blur your face, you can wear a mask or we can get close enough that only your lips and tongue are in the frame, there are lots of options."

Judy looked at Tom and said, "You poor dear, you have a bulge in your pants, your blood pressure is up and you look absolutely desperate for relief before your balls burst."

Joe suggested that Tom set up the camera for him then Tom could give Judy a cream pie and that would be two further tasks accomplished.

The idea received unanimous approval and Tom removed the remainder of his clothes, produced several cushions for Judy and as soon as she got horizontal, slid his stiff as a poker penis in to her pussy. They jabbed at each other with tongues, Judy drove her fingers in to his back and he enthusiastically massaged and nibbled her breasts. He didn't last long but left a particularly photogenic cream pie. Judy lifted her ass to keep the cum from spilling. Joe then masturbated over Judy's pussy and added to the deposit and both men grabbed their cameras and photographed their joint contribution.

And that concluded their first photo session that was specially remarkable for Tom who was a virgin when he married his wife and hadn't even dreamed or fantasised of such an opportunity.

The following evening they met in Joe and Judy's house and between the first and second round of drinks they all got naked. Judy explained that they had several video and photo customers who were good for repeat business but only if they came up with new material. That was a challenge, how do you present something new when the same pussy had been photographed a thousand different ways? She had emailed a few regulars who were very interested in seeing a new cock in her and she felt that Tom might have a few ideas.

Tom asked Judy if she could do handstands. She suspected that she could but was not sure if she could hold them for long. 

Within minutes she was in position against a wall, upside down and legs splayed. With Tom's imaginative ideas she was filmed with Tom and Joe inserting vegetables, toys and pretty much anything that would not cause her discomfort in her vagina. Joe and Judy hadn't tried anything like that before. They were thrilled with Tom's ideas and they didn't stop there.

The week continued with nightly photo shoots. A financial agreement was reached and business picked up.

Friday night was different. When Tom got home from work, his wife Janice had been in the house for several hours. He got a fairly cool reception but put it down to her relationship with her mother.

After supper, they sat opposite each other in their family room and Janice said, "You would make a crappy criminal, you leave the biggest trail of evidence imaginable. 

"What do you mean?" Tom responded.

"The neighbors deposited money in to our joint bank account. There's two pairs of panties in your study that do not fit either of us. There is new porn on your laptop, I think I recognised your dick, and I would bet the other sets of genitalia live very, very close."

"If you would make a particularly poor criminal, Judy would make a worse spy, she folds instantly when interrogated. Although they have not been here long and you haven't seen much of them until very recently, I have known about their part time business for a while, we talk more than you realise."

Tom was silent for a while. He looked at his wife, very tall, short blonde hair, very thin but with disproportionally large tits. She often talked about breast reduction surgery and Tom would plead with her to keep them the same. He thought that half an ounce either way would ruin perfection. He also pictured her extremely hairy pussy. 

Once he bought her a pair of panties that said, "Hikers must register at the Ranger's Office before entering." 

Again, he desired no change. What a contrast she would make in bed with him and the tiny Judy with her perky tits, shaven camel toe pussy, and Joe hovering above them with his camera. 

Then he snapped back to reality. He said, "What's next, divorce, move out, lose my pension, I work for your father so there goes my job, I'll find a big cardboard box and move down to the park. Maybe you would be kind enough to bring me some leftover food at Christmas?"

"Don't be silly and cheer up. I said we would be next door by eight. A few photos, a bit of videoing for the business and I asked Judy to ask Joe if he would give me a round of stiff cock and a cream pie. They seem to be popular at the moment. You can have sloppy seconds as soon as we get home."

A few months later they had made enough money for a first class Caribbean cruise. They swapped partners every second night. Except for the nights when one guy slept alone and the other had a threesome with the girls. They managed to find a few discrete places on the ship for photo opportunities and made enough from the videos and photos to pay for their next cruise.