 Doug woke up on the couch. He rubbed the sleep from his eyes and looked around the living room. The TV was on and playing some old sci-fi movie. It took him a few moments to realize he was home alone. His wife had taken a train to visit her parents. 

He sat up and stretched. He turned the TV off and went to the bathroom. After relieving himself, he turned the shower on and stripped out of his boxers and shirt. He tossed them into the hamper and got into the hot shower. 

He washed his hair and then put soap on his hands. He lathered up his chest and arms and let the shower rinse him off. His hands drifted to his crotch and he ran his hand over his flaccid cock.

He felt a stirring of lust and closed his eyes. He let his hand perform the familiar ritual. He thought of his wife before her back injury. He thought of sneaking around before they were married. His dick responded by hardening in his grip. 

They had been so horny back then. His hand stroked his now engorged cock as he thought of the first time she had given him a hand job. He leaned against the wall of the shower as he slid his fist up and down his hard shaft as he pictured Melody jerking him off on his parents couch so many years ago. 

His heart raced as his hand moved faster. The water poured over him as he stroked his cock in the shower. He thought of Melody's hand on his cock that first time. The first woman to ever have touched him there. The feel of her soft hand as his hips bucked involuntarily. 

He felt the rush of need fill him as his fist pumped his hard shaft. He remembered Cumming in her hand that first time. His eyes squeezed shut as he felt the need in his balls surge. And then with a gasp his cock was twitching in his grip as his cream spilled onto the shower floor. 

He slowly let go of his cock and turned to face the shower. He let the hot water pelt him as he wished for better days. It had been two years since his wife had hurt her back. Several surgeries later and still no better. Two years without sex was a long time. 

He shut the water off and got out of the shower. After toweling off he walked to the bedroom they only used for storage at this point and put on a pair of shorts and a t-shirt. He looked at the bed covered in clothes and thought of the times they'd had there. 

He didn't know how he was going to spend his Saturday, but he didn't want to be cooped up in the house anymore. After heating up some pop tarts and eating he walked around the house trying to figure out something to do. He saw his camera and decided it was time to practice his photography.

He plugged in the battery and let it charge while he booted up his Xbox. He played for about an hour while the camera battery charged. After letting the battery charge he grabbed the camera back and a tripod and headed out. 

He pulled out of his driveway with no particular destination in mind. He drove by the park but it was full of families and kids and so he drove on. He found himself heading out to the lake. He drove through town and out to the lake. 

He found it was crowded too. Everyone had the same idea. He had one last idea. The state park. He turned his car around and headed that way. After driving through the country for about fifteen minutes he came to the gate. He drove up and paid the entrance fee. 

He wasn't sure where to go so he just followed the road. He passed campgrounds and boat ramps. The road rose to an overlook of the lake and he pulled over. This would be a good photograph. 

He parked the car and got out with his tripod and camera. No one else was around and it was quiet. He walked up to the edge and set up his camera. He took several test shots and adjusted the settings. As he was getting lost in the moment he heard someone yell his name. 

He turned around and was surprised to see someone from the call center he worked at getting off a bicycle. It was Christine. She had curly light brown hair and she was wearing khaki shorts and v-neck t-shirt. She was plump but not too overweight. Just what you'd expect from a job that has you sitting all day. 

She waved and walked over to him. "What are you doing out here," he asked with a smile. 

"I was supposed to be out here with my kids, but my ex flaked and so the kids are with him and I'm here with a rented rv and nothing to do," she replied with a scowl.

He'd heard stories of her jerk of an ex. He and Christine had cubicles next to each other and had spent many a day just talking and cutting up. She was easy to get along with. 

"Where's the wife?" she asked as she looked out at the lake with canoes on it and people swimming.

"She went to her parents. I was home alone and just wanted to get out," he answered as he absently messed with the camera settings. 

"So you're playing bachelor? If you have nothing else to do, you are welcome to swing by my campsite," she said was she looked at his camera.

"I just might do that. I could use the company," he replied as he snapped a random photo. 

He and his wife didn't talk much. She usually popped pain meds when she got home. She spent a lot of time sleeping or on the phone with her mom. Talking to Christine was a highlight of his day. She had heard all his stories of the surgeries and problems and frustrations. 

"I'll fix us some lunch. See you later?" she said with the last part being a question.

"I'll be there. No sense letting your campsite go to waste," he answered with a smile. 

She waved and told him the camp site number. He went back to trying to photograph the lake, but he was having a difficult time concentrating. He knew there was something between he and Christine. He had never acted on it because he loved his wife. 

If he went to the campsite he knew where it was leading. He could just go and spend time with her. Nothing would happen. He loved his wife. But it had been two years without sex. Two years of him and his hand and whatever porn he could find.

He packed up his camera and got into the car. He took a deep breath. He could leave. Just go back home and not worry about anything. Or he could go to campsite. Two years was a really long time without intimacy. 

He drove to the campsite with his heart racing. After a few minutes he came to a campsite with a small RV parked. A campfire was burning and Christine was there sitting in a camp chair. She smiled and waved when she saw him. 

Maybe this was innocent. He was just going to visit a work friend. That's all. He parked the car and got out. She stood up and he couldn't help but take her in. She was plump but he liked that. Her v-neck exposed a good amount of cleavage. He felt his cock twitch at the thought of touching her breasts. 

He took a deep breath and struggled to control himself. This was just a friendly visit. She was a co-worker. Going any further would complicate his life and he had plenty complications already. He walked to the site and saw she had a second chair next to hers. 

She sat back down and motioned to the chair next to her. "Take a load off, relax," she said with a bright smile. She ran her hands through her light brown hair as she watched him walk to the chair next to her. 

He nodded and sat down. She opened a small ice chest between their chairs and said, "Grab something to drink. I had all this packed for the kids."

He pulled out a soda and popped the top. He took a drink and tried to calm his nerves. "So where did the ex whisk the kids off this time?"

"His sister's place in Galveston," she answered sullenly. "It was 'unexpected'," she added with air quotes.

"He seems to have lots of those trips," he replied and took a sip of the cold soda. 

"Yeah and usually on my weekend. But if I say no I look like the bad guy. So Melody is visiting her parents?"

"Yeah. Her dad isn't doing so good. She'll be gone most of the week."

"Sorry to hear that," she said and sounded genuine. 

"Me too. But to be honest it is nice to play bachelor for a few days," he said without looking at her. 

"Been a while since you've been on your own, huh?" 

"Yeah. It's not bad."

"Got any lunch plans?" she asked.

He could say yes. He could come up with an excuse to get out of here. But he knew he wouldn't. "Nope, no plans," he found himself saying.

She smiled. "Great. I've got some food and I really didn't want it to go to waste. You want to see the RV. It's not much, but it's my home for the weekend."

"Sure," he said watching her stand up. 

He followed her into the RV and found his eyes staring at her buttocks. His cock twitched again and he tried to control himself. There wasn't much to the RV. A small kitchen. A small table with a bench on one side. She pointed out the bathroom and beyond that the small bedroom. 

"Have a seat. I'll fix sandwiches."

He sat down and they made small talk. Office gossip. Complaints about the job. Crazy customers they'd had. He started to relax as the familiar banter continued. This was just two friends hanging out. No pressure. But he found himself looking at her backside when she wasn't facing him. 

They ate and laughed and talked. At one point Doug imitated one their tech support agents and she snorted. Her hand touched his and she leaned up against him. His eyes glanced down and saw a good amount of cleavage. He'd never really noticed how big her breasts were. 

Without thinking he put his arm around her. Neither said anything but neither moved. They continued to talk and vent. He felt her hand move to his leg as they laughed about some of the worst customers they'd had on the phone. She smelled like coconut and he felt his cock stiffen in his shorts at the closeness of her.

During a lull in the conversation, they looked at each other. He saw that he wasn't the only feeling the attraction. Without thinking he bent his face to hers and kissed her. 

Her hand squeezed his thigh as the kiss grew more urgent. He put a hand on her shoulder as his tongue slid into her mouth. Her other hand went to the back of his head as their tongues slowly swirled in her mouth. He felt his cock swell in his shorts as the kiss continued. 

Finally he pulled his lips from hers and tried to catch his breath. "I'm. . . I didn't. . . I mean. . ." he stammered.

She touched his cheek. "It's okay. I know. You've had a rough couple of years." 

He simply nodded. 

"I'm here for you. Melody is a great woman. But she's not here. I am. This doesn't have to go any further, unless you want it to. And there are no strings attached. I have my kids. You have Melody. But for right now, it's just us," she said softly.

He nodded again and put his hands on either side of her face. He kissed her again. More insistently this time. His heart raced as his tongue probed her mouth. She let her hand play with the hair on the back of his head as he moved a hand down to her waist. 

There had been no other woman but Melody for him. Until now. And now all rational thoughts fled. Christine was here. He was alone and she was here for him. 

He moved a hand to one of her breasts and he grabbed it though the soft material of the shirt. Their tongues darted and played as his hand clutched her heavy tit. His dick strained against his shorts. Even with jacking off in the shower he felt like he was about to explode. 

Her fingers twirled in his hair as his lips pressed against hers. He found her hard nipple pressing through the bra and shirt. He pinched it as his tongue played with hers. 

She pulled away from him and looked him in the eye. "Are you sure about this."

"Yes, I need this. God, I need this. You?" he whispered. 

She smiled and stood up. She reached out her hand and he took it. He stood up as she led him the short distance to the bedroom. A large bed filled most of the small room. She climbed onto the bed and knelt in the center. 

He watched with hungry eyes as she pulled her shirt off and revealed her plain white bra. He licked his lips as she reached behind her and unclasped the bra. She tossed it aside and his cock surged at the sight of her big pale breasts. 

"Oh god Christine," he whispered as he pulled his own shirt off over his head. He undid his shorts as she undid hers. He pulled his shorts and boxers down as she undressed on the bed. Soon they were both naked and both were eyeing each other. She had a hairy bush, but that didn't bother him. He noticed her eyes flick to his hard cock standing at attention before him. 

After a few silent seconds she climbed under the covers and he followed her onto the bed. They lay on their sides facing each other. He grabbed one of her tits and pushed her onto her back. She moaned as he squeezed her titty and put his lips on the erect nipple. 

He sucked it into his mouth as she reached down and grabbed his rigid cock. He bit down on the ripe nipple as her hand stroked his erection. He moved his other hand down between her legs. They parted as his fingers found her slit. 

His heart thudded in his chest as he pushed two fingers into her. This was the second woman he had ever fingered. She moaned loudly as his fingers slid into her tight wet tunnel. 

"Oh god Doug. . . Yes. . ." she whimpered as his thumb found her clit. 

Her hand continued to slide up and down the length of his shaft as his fingers moved slowly back and forth inside her. He moved his lips to her other breast and flicked her nipple with his tongue as his thumb pressed down on her clit. 

The hand on his cock moved faster as he sucked on her nipple. His fingers stroked the inside of her slick pussy as his thumb rocked against her clit. Her cries grew louder as his fingers moved faster. He fingered her pussy as his mouth moved back to her other nipple. 

Her cries of pleasure filled the small room as he felt her body tense. Her hand wildly pumped his erection as his fingers worked her pussy and his thumb played with her clit. And then with a wild shout, her legs clamped together and her fist squeezed his cock. 

He could feel her inner walls spasm around his buried fingers. Her body writhed as she moaned loudly. With a gasp he suddenly felt his balls constrict. He let out a groan as he exploded in her grip. His eyes shut as he felt two years of pent up frustration erupt. 

His hips jerked against her as he shot his load onto her hips and dribbled onto her hand. After what seemed an eternity he felt the flow stop. He slowly opened his eyes and saw her looking at him.

"God, I'm. . . sorry. . . it's just. . ." he stammered.

"It's been a while?" she finished.

"Two years," he replied with a nod. 

She let go of his deflating cock and wiped her hand off on the sheets. He let out a long sigh and rolled onto his back.

"Two years? Really. No sex for two years," she said incredulously.

"Just me and my hands. With Melody's back injury, sex hurts her," he said as he looked up at the dark ceiling of the RV. 

"That's. . . I had no idea. And I thought my three month dry spell was a long time. I'm surprised you lasted as long as you did," she said with a chuckle. 

"Me too, honestly," he replied with a laugh of his own. 

"I don't know about you, but I'm not done. The day is still young," she said as she rolled over onto her side to face him. 

He nodded and looked over at her with a smile. He rolled over to face her and put his hands on her shoulders. He pushed her onto her back and then moved down to her waist. She parted her legs as he moved his face over her womanhood. 

She grinned down at him as moved his fingers down to her soft folds of flesh. He used one hand to find part her bush and find her clit. Once he had her treasure open he moved his tongue toward it while he moved his other hand to her still wet slit. 

She moaned his name as his fingers pushed into her. His tongue found her clit as two fingers slid deep into her. His tongue slowly circled her pleasure button as his fingers stroked back and forth inside her slick tunnel. 

His tongue flicked her clit as his fingers slid inside her. She moaned incoherently as his tongue played with her hard nub. His fingers worked back and forth inside her slippery hole as she moaned louder. 

"Yes, Doug. . . ohhhh shit. . . its. . . been so. . . long since anyone has. . . gone down. . . on me. . . yes. . . yes. . ." she whimpered as his tongue and fingers ministered to her. 

The smell of her sex filled his nose as he felt her getting wetter. His fingers moved faster as her cries grew louder. Her hot juices splashed out of her with each rough thrust of his fingers. 

He pressed his lips to her clit and sucked it into his mouth as his fingers stroked faster. She screamed and exploded. Her body writhed and her legs squeezed around his hand. She clawed at the sheets as he suckled on her clit. 

She screamed in ecstasy as her cunt quivered around his fingers. He kept thrusting his fingers into her as he suckled her clit. She cried out over and over until she begged him to stop. He pulled his lips from her clit and his fingers from her drenched cunt. 

He had gotten hard again hearing her cum so loudly and he pushed her thighs apart as he climbed between her legs. She looked up at him as he took his renewed erection in his grip and aimed it at her wet entrance. 

With a slow thrust he was inside her. He moaned her name as he felt her wet walls envelope him. He put his hands on either side of her as he sunk into her slick depths. She put her hands on his hips as his pelvis pressed against hers. 

"Ohhhh god Christine. . . ohhh shit. . . you. . . feel. . . amazing. . ." he whispered as he buried his bone in her. 

He felt her pussy squeeze around him and he knew he wouldn't be able to hold on for long. He lowered his head to her neck and started thrusting into her. His hips rocked against hers as he kissed the side of her neck. 

"Yes Doug. . . fuck me. . . fuck me hard. . . give it to me. . ." she moaned as one of her hands moved to his ass. 

He felt her spank him as he drove roughly into her. "Harder. . . fuck me harder. . ." she demanded as she slapped his ass again. 

He closed his eyes and gave it to her. He rammed his cock into her. He could feel the tension building as he plowed into her. The bed squeaked as he fucked her hard and fast. His pulse raced as his hips bucked wildly into her. 

She slapped his ass again as her legs wrapped around him. "Come on, Doug. . . fuck me. . . hard. . . faster. . . fuck me. . . fuck me. .. " she cried as he pounded relentlessly into her.

And then with a cry he felt her hips rise to meet him and she screamed wordlessly. He groaned her name and lunged deep into her. He collapsed on top of her as his cock erupted hot cum into her. 

They lay there panting as he emptied himself into her. One of her hands gripped his ass as her other stroked his back. After several minutes he pushed himself off of her. 

she smiled up at him and he pressed his lips to hers. "Thank you," he whispered.

"Thank you," she whispered back.

He slowly pulled his deflating cock out of her and rolled over beside her. He slid an arm under her neck and she snuggled up beside him. 

"Do you. . . is it all right if I stay here for the night," he whispered and held his breath waiting for the answer. 

"Of course. I was hoping you would. You've got two years worth of tension built up," she returned with a smile.

"I do. Just need to rest for a bit," he answered. 

The sun was still up but he was suddenly exhausted. He felt his eyes drift close and he heard Christine begin to breathe deep. The next thing he knew his phone was ringing. He sat up and realized it was dark outside. 

The phone was still ringing. He crawled to the edge of the bed and found his shorts. He pulled the phone out and saw it was Melody. He answered the phone.

She was just checking in and let him know her parents were ok. He realized Christine wasn't in bed with him. He half listened to her story of the day as he saw Christine was sitting at the table still naked. He smiled at her and she smiled back. 
