 Doug woke up on the couch of his living room. He glanced across the room and saw his wife was still sleeping in the recliner. This had been their arrangement for close to two years. Ever since she hurt her back sleeping in bed hurt. So she slept in the recliner and he slept on the couch. 

His phone vibrated and he realized that was what had woken it up. He checked the time and saw it was almost ten in the morning. He had slept later than he had intended. He picked up his phone and saw he had a text from Christine. 

He looked back to his wife and saw she was still asleep. He opened the message and saw a text: "Missing you." 

He had cheated on his wife close to a month ago. He hadn't planned it. But he had done it and he wished he could do it again. But he wasn't good at sneaking around. He and Christine had kept things quiet and discreet at work. No sense giving the rumor mill anything to talk about. Plus most people would look down on him for cheating on his wife. 

He smiled when he read the message again. He did miss her. This was the first text she had sent him. She must really be feeling lonely.

"Miss you too." He texted back and added a sad face emoji.

He put his phone down and laid back down and closed his eyes. He really needed to get up and do something, but he just didn't feel like it. His phone buzzed so picked it up and saw another text from Christine. 

"These miss you too." The message read and had a picture of her big pale titties. His cock surged to life at the sight of them. 

"I miss them very much." He typed back as he put a hand on the bulge in his boxers. 

He held onto his phone as he slipped a hand inside his boxers and grabbed his hard dick. After half a minute he got a new message. "Home alone and wishing you could be here."

He pulled his hand off his cock and typed, "I really want to be there. I would do such bad things."

He glanced over at his wife to make sure she was still asleep. It'd be difficult explaining the tent in his boxers. The phone buzzed and there was a pic of Christine's hand holding a dark blue dildo between her big tits. The message said. "Guess I'll just have to take care of myself."

His cock twitched and for a moment thought he would cum. He got control of himself and typed, "God Christine. You make me so horny. Wish I could be there right now."

A few seconds later he got a text, "How horny are you?"

He looked over at his wife to make sure her eyes were closed. He made sure his phone was completely silenced. Then he pulled his boxers down and snapped a pic of his engorged erection. "This Horny." He typed and added the pic and hit send. 

He pulled his boxers back up and waited for a response. He tried to think of a way to get over there without Melody finding out. But he couldn't think of anything that would let him be gone long enough without her wanting to tag along. 

His phone vibrated and his heart raced when he saw her message. "That's very horny. Wish I could help relieve that swelling." 

As he was reading this another message popped up. A picture of her that dildo sliding between her legs. His cock twitched at the sight. That could be his dick there. 

"God I want to be there. With you." He typed back.

He looked over to make sure his wife was still asleep. His phone buzzed and he quickly checked the message. Another pic. This time the dildo was mostly inside her. The message said, "Thinking of you."

He quickly typed, "I know I'll be thinking of this when I'm in the shower."

"Several seconds later she sent back, "Dirty boy." It included a winky face emoji.

He replied with, "You started this you dirty girl." 

He reached down and touched his hard cock. He wrapped his fingers around it and slowly stroked it while he waited for her to reply. Almost a minute later his phone buzzed. 

"I am a dirty dirty girl. I'll be using this toy and thinking of you. I'll let you know when I'm done."

He gripped his cock and decided he needed a shower. He typed back, "Have fun being bad. I'm going to take a shower and do some inappropriate touching."

He stood up and looked over at his wife. She was still sound asleep. He had a large tent in his boxers so he moved quickly to the bathroom. He turned the water on and grabbed a towel. He set his phone on the back of the toilet and then he stripped out of his boxers and stepped into the hot shower. 

He let the hot water wash over him as he closed his eyes. He turned around to let the water hit his back and he looked down at his still hard cock. He grabbed it with one hand and started stroking it. 

It had been a couple weeks since he had jacked off and that sexting had him on edge. He closed his eyes and pictured Christine's big tits as he stroked his engorged cock. Steam filled the shower as his fist slid up and down the length of his hard shaft. 

The hot water showered his back as he thought of Christine using that dildo. His heart raced as his hand moved faster. He panted as he felt himself quickly approaching the edge. He pictured that dildo sliding in and out of her pussy as she moaned his name. 

And then he slid his hand to the base of his shaft and he groaned quietly as he looked down at his cock. His hips jerked forward as he erupted hot cum. He watched his cock spasm as it shot his load onto the shower floor. He gripped his dick tightly as he felt his body relax. 

He let go of his dick and turned around to face the water. He ducked his head and let the water fall over him. He hadn't felt like his in years. He was smitten. He wanted Christine. He wanted to be with her. 

He loved his wife. But the medications had her in a fog most of the time. He wanted her to be back the way she was. He wanted his old wife back. But it didn't look like that was going to happen.

He didn't want to leave her. But he couldn't keep going without sex. Christine offered him something he had thought he'd lost. A chance at fun. A chance at sex. He knew it was wrong. But she was right there. Willing. 

For now. The rational part of his mind said. He wasn't going to leave his wife. Christine needed someone steady. Someone that could be there for her. Not some cheating husband simply using her for sex.

But given the chance he would jump at the chance to be with her again. He knew he was hooked. He wanted her even though he knew he could never really have her. 

His cock shrunk as he wrestled with his thoughts. He grabbed the shampoo and washed his hair and then used a bar of soap to wash off. Once he was rinsed off he shut the water off and grabbed his towel.

Now that he had jacked off he could think a little clearer. He tried to figure out a way to leave the house for a couple of hours without Melody wanting to come with him or being suspicious. He could try the photography angle. But she'd want to see pics. Which meant he'd actually have to take pics. 

He dropped the towel in the hamper and grabbed his phone. He walked naked to their bedroom that they never used anymore and grabbed some clothes. He got dressed and tried coming up with a way he could safely cheat on his wife. 

He went to his office and fired up his Xbox. As the box was booting up his phone vibrated. Christine had sent, "Mmmmmm. Thought of you and it was very good." And she included a pic of the dildo deep into her. 

His limp cock stirred at the sight. He smiled at the pic and typed back. "Glad I could be of service."

He put his phone down and fired up a game. His mind was thinking of Christine home alone with her dildo. He could be over there right now. And they could be having mind numbing sex. And he could get caught and lose his wife. 

But his wife was lost to him. She was hurt. She was in a fog most of the day. They didn't get to go out. And Christine was there. Waiting. But he couldn't hurt his wife. Finding him cheating would not be good. 

The phone buzzed and he paused the game to see what torture she was sending now. It was a picture of her fingers touching her pussy. The message said, "Still touching myself. I can't help myself." 

His cock throbbed in his shorts and he could feel a hard on growing. He hadn't been this horny in a while. He texted back, "I would love to have my dick right there. Sliding in your amazing pussy."

He hit send and went back to looking at the picture of her hand on her pussy. She was touching herself right now. Thinking of him. She was the only other woman that he knew of that has done that. 

She sent back, "I know you would you dirty boy. Did you have fun in the shower?"

"He quickly typed, "It had a happy ending thanks to you." 

He unzipped his shorts and stuck his hand in his pants. He found a semi-hard dick and he wrapped his fingers around it while he waited for her next text. A minute later he was rewarded with a video. He turned the volume up just a little and hit play. 

The phone was propped up on what he assumed as her night stand and he could see her plump body from the tits down. She was moaning as her fingers worked between her legs. 

His cock swelled in his fist as he watched her jill. Her moans grew louder as her hand moved faster. He watched her grab one of her titties as her other hand rubbed between her spread thighs. And then with a whimper her legs clamped together and her back arched off the bed. 

Her hand pressed down between her closed legs and her hand clutched her tit as she moaned. After several seconds she reached up and grabbed the phone and held it over her face. "That was for you. Something for those lonely times."

The video ended and he suddenly wanted to jack off again. He took his hand off his renewed erection and typed, "Holy fuck that was hot. God Christine. I am so horny right now."

He set his phone down and stroked his cock. His fist moved up and down on his erect flesh as he replayed the video in his mind. His fingers moved from the head of his shaft down to the base and then back up again as he imagined Christine's moans. 

And then Melody was calling his name from the living room. He let go of his dick and took a deep breath to steady his nerves. 

"Yeah," he hollered back.

"Let's go get something to eat," she said. And he heard her getting out of her chair. 

He looked down at his hard cock and he let out a sigh. "Sounds good."

He tucked his cock back in his shorts and zipped up. That would have to wait. He was glad he had at least gotten some relief in the shower. He started playing the game while he waited on her to get ready. 

"I'm gonna take a shower," she said from the bathroom.

"Ok," he replied and waited to hear the bathroom door click shut. He paused the game and unzipped his shorts. Once he heard the water running he pulled out his cock and picked up his phone. 

He hit play on that video and started stroking his semi-hard cock. It wasn't long before his dick was hard. His hand jacked his cock as he watched Christine jill. His heart raced as he stroked himself. The shower ran as he pumped his cock faster. He watched Christine's hand rub her pussy as he rapidly stroked his erection.

When she came he felt his own need explode. His hips jerked in the chair as his cock throbbed in his grip. He watched his cream shoot out of his cock and onto his shorts and then dribble over his fist. 

He held onto his cock as his heart slowed. "Holy fuck. . ." he muttered to himself as he let go of his dick. He felt like a teenager jacking off with his parents in the other room. 

He wiped his hand off on his shorts and tucked his cock back in his shorts as he heard the water shut off. He closed out the text messages. He thought about deleting them, but couldn't bring himself to do it. 

He leaned back in the chair and closed his eyes as he slowly came back to senses. That was super risky. But it had felt so good. He picked up the controller and went back to playing as he waited for his wife to get ready.

Once she was ready to go they went to a local diner and got something to eat. They talked about upcoming doctor's appointments. He did a lot of listening as she vented about the doctor's office and some of the office staff. 

He was zoning out as he picked at his food when he said something that got his attention. He asked her to repeat it just to be sure it wasn't wishful thinking.

"I said Tammy is having a bridal shower for her little sister Friday evening. They invited me and I'd like to go if that's all right," she said as she took a bite of food. 

His heart skipped and he had to struggle to keep from grinning like an idiot. He took a drink and then answered, "Yeah. Sounds like fun. You haven't been out with the girls in a while."

"That's what I was thinking. You'd need to drive me though."

"I can do that," he replied with a nod of his head. 

He wanted to immediately text Christine. But he knew that would be suspicious. He could wait. But Friday night he'd be free. 

After they were done eating, she said she needed to go to the bathroom. He helped her up and once she was out of eyesight he texted Christine the news. After waiting several seconds he got a response. It was a sad face. 

"I've got my kids that weekend."

His heart sank. He thought they had been so close. He typed back, "I'll keep trying."

Christine replied with a thumbs up emoji and a kissy face emoji. He set his phone down and took a drink from his glass. He needed to get to Christine's this weekend. If he could just get away for a couple of hours. He just needed some excuse. 

As he was racking his brain for an idea his wife sat down and sighed. He looked over at her. "Everything all right?" 

"I just really hurt today. This is just so stupid," she replied with a huff. 

He'd heard this before. He sympathized, but there was nothing he could do. He just nodded and closed his eyes. She finished eating and an idea came to him. It might work or it might backfire. There was a horror movie out and he knew she hated those type of movies. 

"What do you have planned for the rest of the day?" he asked hoping he sounded nonchalant. 

"Nothing. I just need my chair and some more pain meds," she replied with a wince as she tried standing up.

"Mind if I go to the movies to see that new horror flick," he asked as he stood up and offered his arm to her. 

"Go to the movies alone?"

"I know you don't want to see it and if you're just going to be sleeping, I figured I could just go see it. Mark it off my list," he said with a smile. 

"Sure. Sounds good. I'll probably just be sleeping anyway," she answered. 

They went to the front and she paid their ticket. Once home he went to the bathroom and texted Christine. "I can come over for a couple of hours this evening. You still ok with that?"

After waiting a little bit she answered, "Looking forward to it." And then a picture of her with her blue dildo in her mouth popped up. 

He put his phone down on the counter and leaned over the sink. He looked into the mirror. He was a cheater. He was lying to his wife so he could sneak off to cheat on her. Guilt threatened to well up inside him. 

He shook his head. No. He needed this. Sex was a part of marriage and his wife could no longer offer that. He loved her. He would stand by her. But he needed sex. Christine was offering. She wanted him. 

He picked up his phone and checked the movie times and did some quick math. He had about three hours. It'd take about twenty minutes to get to Christine's apartment. He considered changing clothes but didn't want Melody asking why. 

He had a couple of hours before the movie started. He texted Christine his plans and then headed for the living room to watch TV with his wife. His phone buzzed as he was in the hallway. Christine sent him a pic of the blue dildo between her big tits. 

He sent a kissy face emoji and winky face emoji and put his phone in his pocket. He went to the living room and sat on the couch. His wife was already drifting off to sleep. 

He watched TV and tried to keep calm. He'd been to Christine's once before for a birthday party for one of their co-workers. He knew how to get there and he wanted to head out immediately. But he needed to keep calm. 

His mind kept conjuring up thoughts of him and Christine. The feel of her wet pussy. The taste of her breasts as he licked them. Even with jacking off twice that morning he was still horny. 

His wife snored softly as she slept in her recliner. He watched TV but wasn't paying attention. He kept checking his phone but Christine was being quiet. 

His wife stirred when he got up to leave after what seemed like the longest two hours. He went to the door and she waved good-bye and then closed her eyes. That made things a little bit easier to leave for Christine's.

He got into the car and started it up. He texted Christine to let her know he was on his way. He pulled out of his driveway and turned the radio on. He forced himself not to speed as he drove through town. Each red light was torture. He could feel his cock tingling with anticipation. 

He pulled in front of Christine's apartment building and killed the engine. He gripped the steering wheel and took a deep breath. He was here. He was going to cheat on his wife. 

He had already cheated on her. But that time wasn't planned. This time he went out of his way to do it. He had lied to his wife so he could have sex with a co-worker. He could back out. But he knew he wouldn't. Sex with Christine had been so good. 

He took his hands off the steering wheel and got and headed for her apartment. It was early evening and the sun was still up. His heart hammered in his chest as he walked up to her door. He knocked and waited. 

A few seconds later he heard the dead bolt unlock and the door opened. Christine was standing there in a sheer pink nighty that hung down to mid-thigh. She smiled when she saw his expression of lust. 

She stepped back and he walked into the apartment. She shut the door as he looked around the place. He was in her living room. She had a couch and TV and a couple of bookshelves with books and knick knacks on them. 

"Glad you could make it" she said as she walked into the middle of the room. 

His eyes went to her and he let his eyes roam over her. She was plump but not really fat. The pink nighty was sheer but covered her breasts. He could tell she wasn't wearing any panties. After several seconds of him staring she crossed her arms under her breasts.

"I'm feeling a little under dressed here," she said with mock petulance. 

"Sorry," he said with a sheepish grin. 

He kicked off his shoes and then pulled his shirt off. He tossed it onto the couch as she watched him. His eyes kept darting to her big tits as he undid his shorts and pulled them off. 

He stood in front of her in his boxer briefs with an obvious hard on. He watched her face light up at the sight of the bulge in his underwear. He walked up to her and put his hands on her hips and kissed her. 

Her lips parted as his tongue pushed into her mouth. She put a hand on the back of his head as her pelvis pressed against the bulge in his boxer briefs. Their tongues played as she ran her hand through his hair. He moved a hand around to her buttocks as they kissed. 

The sheer material of her nighty rubbed against his chest as he grabbed her ass with one hand. His other hand held onto her hip as their tongues danced around in her mouth. Her body writhed against him as she ran her fingers through his hair. 

He pulled his lips from hers and moved them to her neck as he put his other hand on her ass. He groped the material covering her ass as he kissed her neck. 

"God yes. . . Doug. . . god I've needed this. . . yes. . ." she moaned as she slid a hand down to his hip. 

He moaned as her body pressed against him. "Fuck. . . . I need you Christine."

She pulled away from him and grabbed his hand. "Let's go to the bedroom."
