 Doug woke up with sunlight streaming onto his face. His eyes opened and he didn't know where he was for a moment. Then he remembered the day before. He was in Christine's RV at the state park. He looked over and saw the bed was empty.

He sat up and looked down the length of the RV and didn't see her there. He slowly got out of bed and felt sore muscles. Satisfied. But he was sore. He hadn't had that much sex in a very long time. 

He thought about his wife as he got dressed. He had cheated on her. He felt guilty, but it also felt so good. He had forgotten how good sex could be. After his wife's back injury, he had just had himself to take care of his physical needs. 

He had made vows to love his wife in sickness and in health. And he loved his wife. But to go without sex for two years? Was that what the vows meant?

Once he had his shorts and t-shirt on he walked through the RV and saw Christine sitting outside next to a fire. He checked his phone and saw it was almost 11 in the morning. He really had slept in. 

Christine turned around to look at him as he stepped out of the RV. "Morning, sleepy head."

"Morning," he said as he walked to the chair next to her. 

The sun was high in the sky and it was already getting warm. She opened the ice chest between them and offered him a juice pouch. He took it with a smile. 

"Juice pouch? Really?" he chuckled as he peeled the straw off and jabbed it into the pouch.

"Hey, those were for my kids. Then my ex decided to run off with to his sister's. Thank you very much," she replied with mock indignation. 

"Thank you for sharing your kids food and drinks with me," he said after sipping half the pouch.

"Yeah, well thanks for making this weekend fun. I was thinking it was going to be me the RV and a vibrator," she said as she sipped a water bottle. 

He coughed and looked at her. He and Christine had worked together for several years at a call center. They had talked about a lot. His wife. Her ex. All the surgeries and procedures he'd taken his wife to. All the times her ex would flake out weekends that were supposed to be hers. 

But sex was not something they had ever discussed. To hear her be so open about a vibrator shocked him. And turned him on a little.

"You came out her with sex toys?" he asked as he looked out at the trees around them.

"I did. Does that bother you?" she asked as she looked over at him.

He looked into her green eyes and replied, "No. It's something I can relate to."

"You have sex toys?" she asked with a light laugh.

"I don't but Melody does. No, for me it's usually my hand here," he said as he help up his right hand. 

"Good to know I'm not alone in myself gratification," she said with a wink.

"No, for the last two years I've been a member of the masturbation party," he replied as he smiled. 

"Well, we both ended our lonely streak yesterday. Any regrets?" she asked with a hint of trepidation.

"Honestly, some. But I would do it all again," he said as he reached out his hand and put it on top of hers.

She smiled and seemed to relax. "So what do you have planned today?"

"I've got no plans. How about a hike? I haven't been able to just walk in the woods since this whole thing with Melody's back started," he replied.

"A long walk in the woods with you? I like the sound of that. You want to eat first?" 

"Sure," he answered as he finished the juice pouch. 

They got up and went back into the RV. She went to the fridge as he sat on the bench behind the table. He watched her make sandwiches and sighed. His wife used to love doing this kind of thing.

But after her back injury she was a shadow of herself. She spent most of her day in a drug induced fugue. He wished there was a way to make her whole again. But it looked like this was his life now. But Christine changed that.

She was an oasis in a desert. He watched her slightly overweight body make sandwiches and he thought about yesterday's fun. He hadn't had sex with anyone but his wife. And yesterday changed that.

He had cheated. But his wife couldn't have sex. It hurt her back. So was it cheating?

Christine dropped a plate with a sandwich on it in front of him and broke his thoughts. She went to the fridge and pulled out a couple of cans of soda. They sat and ate and talked and he just enjoyed talking to someone who listened to him.

They joked about co-workers. They talked about weird calls they'd gotten. They laughed and cut up. It was like it had been with Melody before she hurt herself.

Once they were done it was almost noon. They cleaned up the mess and headed outside. They walked up the road to a hiking trail entrance. At first he was worried someone might see him. But once they were on the trail and off the main road, he relaxed. 

He was coming to terms with cheating on his wife, but he knew she would be devastated if she found out. But as they walked he thought less and less of his wife and more of Christine. 

They walked down the gravel path and he felt her hand grab his. His cock twitched in his shorts at her touch. They interlocked fingers and continued slowly making their way through the thick woods. 

As they walked they came to a large rock near a small creek. He stopped walking and gently pushed her toward the boulder. He looked into her green eyes and put a hand on her cheek.

"I. . . I can't leave my wife for you," he finally forced himself to say.

"I know. I don't want you to," she said with a nod of her head. 

He leaned down and kissed her lips and then pulled away. "Thank you," he whispered. 

She put her head on his chest as he wrapped his arms around her. "This is crazy," he said as he ran his fingers through her light brown hair. 

"It is, but I thought you were glad this happened," she said softly as a breeze rustled the leaves in the trees around them.

"I regret that I had to cheat on my wife. I regret having to break my wedding vows. But would I do it again. Yes. You saved me yesterday Christine. I was facing some serious depression and you have brought me some happiness. That, I don't regret."

She pulled away from him and looked up into his brown eyes. Their eyes closed as their lips met. He felt his sore cock growing into a tent pole as their tongues played. He held the back of her head as her hands slid under his shirt and around his back. 

Her mouth pulled from his and she looked at him intently. "This might never happen again?" she asked quietly.

"I dunno. I want it to. But we might not get another opportunity like this," he answered honestly.

"Then let's just enjoy today," she said as she slid a hand down to the obvious bulge in his shorts. 

She put her hands on his shoulders and turned him around so his back was to the boulder. He watched as she sunk to her knees onto the gravel path and put her hands on the zipper of his shorts. She unzipped his shorts and reached in to find his swollen shaft. 

She pulled it out while he looked around the forest to make sure no one was around. She slid her fingers around the base of his cock and put her lips around the head of his cock. 

His first thought was the first time his wife had gone down on him. But as Christine's mouth swallowed his engorged meat those thoughts receded. He put a hand on the top of her head as her lips met her fingers at the base of his shaft. 

He moaned as she slowly pulled her lips to the top of his cock. Once her lips were around the head she sucked hard and his cock twitched and almost popped out of her mouth. Then she was swallowing his cock again and he groaned her name as the wind blew through the trees. 

He leaned down and put his hands on her shoulders as her mouth bobbed slowly up and down his rigid dick. His cock was covered in her saliva as her mouth moved up and down the length of his erection.

And as he felt the climax approaching she stopped. She looked up at him with an impish smile and pulled her pink v-neck off. He stared down at her plain white bra and the big melons it contained. She reached behind her and pulled her bra off as he stared down at her. 

She cupped her titties in her hands and pressed them around his hard shaft. He moaned as she started sliding her tits up and down on either side of his cock. He watched her titties fuck his cock and felt a surge of lust flood through him. 

His hips started thrusting against her as she held her tits around his cock. He stared down at her big breasts as he fucked her titties. 

"Fuck. . . ohhh Christine. . . god. . . yes. . . I'm. . . I'm gonna. . . cum. . ." he growled as he thrust his dick between her soft tits. 

And then with a gasp he came. He watched his cock shoot white cream onto her neck and chest and dribble between her titties. He leaned back against the boulder as she pulled her tits from his cock.

"Enjoy that?" she asked with a wink.

"Hell yes," he replied as he looked down at her cum covered chest. 

"Good. Admiring your mess?" she said as she pushed her chest out to show the cream dripping off of her.

"Yes, I am. It's been a while since I've cum on a pair of tits," he said with a smile. 

She grabbed her shirt from the ground and wiped her neck and chest off and then grabbed her bra. He knelt down and stopped her before she could put it back on. "How about you keep that off?" he asked hesitantly.

"Sure," she answered with a smile. She put her now stained shirt back on and tucked her bra into her khaki shorts pocket. He tucked his cock back into his shorts and zipped up. 

He held out his hand and helped her back to her feet. They held hands as they started walking back down the path, further into the woods. She leaned against his shoulder and he put his arm around her as they walked under a canopy of trees. 

The sky grew dark as they walked and he realized it was getting cooler. "Is it supposed to rain?" he asked as he stopped walking.

"I don't think so. The weather just said cloudy," she answered as she looked at the dark clouds through the canopy of trees. 

"I'm thinking we should head back," he said as he turned around and took her hand in his. 

She followed him and they walked quickly back the way they had came. Once they got to the boulder they felt the first pattering of rain. They laughed and started running back down the path. By the time they got back to the road it was raining hard. And by the time they reached the RV it was pouring rain. 

Lightning flashed and thunder rumbled as the storm began to rage. They looked at each other's soaking wet bodies and laughed. 

"Every time," he chuckled as he peeled his drenched shirt off and laid it on the table. 

"Every time what?" she asked as she pulled her own wet shirt off.

"Any time I try camping, it rains," he said with a chuckle.

His eyes went to her pale wet tits and he felt a surge of lust for her. She went to a cupboard and pulled out a towel as he undid his shorts and pushed them to the floor. She toweled off her hair and breasts as she noticed the growing bulge in his boxer briefs. 

He couldn't help but stare at her pointing nipples as she ran the towel over them. She smiled when she saw his cock trying to push through the slit in his boxers. 

"Happy to see me?" she asked as she shook her tits. He smiled as he stared at her big melons and the hickeys he had put on them the night before. 

He glanced down at the tent in his boxer briefs and then pushed them down to fall to the floor. His hard shaft was cold in the suddenly cooler air. "Do I look happy to see you?"

"Very happy," she said as she tossed the towel on the counter and undid her shorts. 

He stared at her as she shimmied out of her wet shorts. His hand involuntarily moved to his dick as his eyes roamed over her damp naked body. She walked toward him as thunder shook the entire RV.

"Let's get under the covers. I'm cold," she said as she got up to him.

He took her hand and they hurried into the small RV bedroom. They quickly climbed into bed and got under the sheets. They rolled onto the sides facing each other and they wrapped their arms around each other. They kissed as they shivered under the covers. His lips moved from her lips to her neck as she pressed her cold tits against his chest. 

She pushed him onto his back and pressed her lips to his as he ran a hand down her spine to her buttocks. His other hand grabbed a handful of tit as his tongue met hers. 

Her pelvis rubbed against his thigh as he caressed her heavy tit. Their tongues danced as thunder cracked and the rain fell. His hand gripped her buttocks as his tongue swirled around hers. 

She pulled her lips from his and kissed his cheek. He groped her tit as her lips moved to his neck. She kissed his neck as he moaned her name. Her hand ran down his chest as he squeezed her melon. His cock twitched as she wrapped her fingers around it. 

"You make me so horny," she whispered breathlessly as she stroked his rigid dick. 

He moved his mouth to the side her neck as she stroked his engorged cock. He sucked on the soft flesh of her neck as she moaned quietly. And then she was climbing on top of him and straddling his waist. 

He looked up at her as she pointed his dick at her waiting slit and then she roughly impaled herself on him. "Ohhhh fuck yes Doug. . . fuck I love your cock."

He moved his hands up to both her big tits as she took all of his dick into her wet hole. His thumbs rubbed across her hard nipples as rain battered the RV. She moaned loudly as he pinched her nipples between his thumb and pointer finger. 

"God. . . yes. . . Fuck. . . that feels good," she moaned as she used her knees to push herself up.

Her pussy slid to the top of his cock and then she let herself fall back down on him. He moved his hands down to her hips as she began riding his cock. Her body pounded him against the mattress as she leaned down and put both hands on his chest. Rain fell and lightning flashed as she slammed down on him.

"Ohhh fuck yes. . . Yes. . . fuck. . . yes. . . yes. . . yes. . . " she cried as she repeatedly impaled herself on his steely flesh. 

Their bodies slapped together as her juices gushed out of her. Each time their bodies collided her fluids would splash. His pelvis was covered as she fucked him hard and fast. He moved a hand to her buttocks as she bounced fiercely on his cock. 

Her nails dug into his chest as she rode him. He watched her tits rock bounce as she crashed relentlessly into him. He gave her ass a smack as she rose and fell on him. She cried out as he spanked her again and again. 

"Ohhhh god. . . Doug yes. . . spank me. . . ohhhh yes. . . spank me. . . ohhh god oh god oh god oh god oh god. . ." she shouted as the rain pelted the RV and thunder roared above them. 

He slapped her ass as she slammed herself into him harder and harder. Her cries filled the small room as a clap of thunder shook the RV. He felt her legs tense and then with a scream she came. Her hips bucked against him as she cried out with wordless ecstasy. 

Her body jerked and her nails raked his chest as she came. She held her hips down, forcing his cock deep into her quivering pussy. After a minute her body relaxed and she opened her eyes. 

"Good?" he asked with a knowing smile. 

"Very. Good lord you bring out the dirty slut in me," she said as she rested her head on his shoulder. He wrapped his arms around her as she caught her breath. 

He was a little shocked at her calling herself a slut. But it was also a bit of a turn on. He used to talk dirty during sex with his wife. She had liked being called names when they were alone. 

"Good to know I have that effect on you," he said as he ran his finger up and down her spine.

She slowly pushed herself up and looked down at him. "I don't do this very often. I don't jump into bed with just any guy."

"I know. I'm glad I made the cut," he said with a smirk. 

He reached his hands up and she took them as she looked into his eyes. "I'm being serious. I don't want you thinking this is just another weekend for me," she said earnestly. 

"I believe you. I know you love your kids and I've listened when you talked about your ex and how he hurt you. I know you. I know this isn't like either one of us," he said honestly. 

She squeezed his hands and smiled down at him as she started to wriggle her hips against him. She rocked her hips against him as she held onto his hands. Her pussy slid up and down on his erect shaft as they both moaned in delight. 

Her pelvis ground against him as the wind and rain battered the RV. His hips bucked upwards to meet her downward movements. She moaned as their bodies slapped together. 

She let go of one hand and he watched her moved it down to her pussy. His hips rose and fell to meet each of her wild crashes. She found her pleasure button and stroked it as she continued to impale herself on his hard shaft. He watched her tits bounce as she pounded him into the mattress.

The wind roared around the RV as her cries grew louder. Her fingers flew over clit as their bodies collided again and again. He felt her legs tighten on either side of him as her fingers rapidly stroked her clit. And then with a cry of release she slammed herself down on him and came. 

She cried his name as her hips writhed against his. Her body shuddered as she pressed her fingers against her clit. He pushed his cock upwards into her pulsating pussy as she whimpered his name. 

Then slowly her body relaxed and she looked down at him. Her hips ground against his as she smiled down at him. She leaned over him and laid on top of him. Her lips pressed to his and their tongues met as she ran her hands through his damp hair. 

He put his hands on her hips as her body rocked against him. Her hard nipples rubbed against his chest as their tongues entwined. Her hands moved to his cheeks as her body slowly swayed against him. 

His hips thrust into her as she her lips moved to shoulder. She kissed his shoulder as their bodies rocked together. He kissed her neck as his pelvis drove upwards into hers. 

"Oh shit. . . yes Christine. . . fuck. . . you. . . are. . . so. . . amazing. . . ohhh god. . . yes. . . I can't. . . get. . . enough of your. . . wet. . . cunt. . ." he moaned into her neck as he rammed his cock into her. 

"Yes. . . Doug. . . fuck me. . . fuck my cunt. . ." she whispered as her body writhed against his. His hips slapped against hers as his dick plunged into her wet depths. 

"Ohhh fuck. . . you dirty slut. . .. ohhhh god. . . yes. . . you filthy slut. . ." he mumbled as his hands moved to her hips. 

"Ohhh god yes. . . I'm your slut. . . fuck me. . . fuck me Doug. . . fuck me. . ." she whimpered as his cock drove roughly into her. 

"Yes. . . yes. . .Christine. . . you dirty. . . little slut. . . ohhh god yes. . . yes yes. . " he growled as he attacked her pussy with his steel cock. 

Her body bucked against him as his hips pounded against hers. The rain battered the RV as they fucked like teenagers for the first time. His hands gripped her hips as his hard dick pummeled her slick pussy. 

He felt his heart race and his body tense. He was close. Each thrust brought him nearer and nearer. And then with a cry of ecstasy he rammed his cock into her and exploded. He buried his face in her neck and shouted as he shot his hot cum into her. 

They lay there panting as he emptied himself into her. After a minute he let go of her hips and his head fell back onto the pillow. She rested her head on his chest as thunder rumbled the RV. They listened to the pouring rain as they came down from their peaks.

After several more minutes she rolled off of him and they lay side by side looking up at the ceiling. The rain pelted the RV as the wind continued to roar. 

She took his hand in hers and entwined their fingers as a loud clap of thunder rumbled the entire RV. He felt his eyes drifting closed as she squeezed his hand.
