 NOTE: This is a fantasy intended for the entertainment of adults. 

"I was home from college...and I saw her at one of the local bars," said Moe. "She was at least thirty -- maybe even forty. She had on real tight jeans and what looked from the back like one of those low-cut peasant blouses that were popular a while ago. Picking out a Chuck Berry song on the jukebox."

Sam chuckled. "You're leaving out the details!" he moaned as he looked to his friend in the passenger seat. "What did she look like? Was she good-looking, or old and wrinkly?"

Moe snorted. "I'm gettin' to that! Well, if you remember those kinds of blouses, you remember that you can practically see through them from every angle. I walked up behind her for a closer look. I could see a thick, thick bra strap with I don't know how many hooks."

Sam tapped his fingers on the rim of the steering wheel and shifted in his seat. "Yeah? How many hooks did it have?"

"I told you, I don't know. Looked like a lot."

Sam grinned. "Tell me more," he said, watching the road to make sure they didn't miss their turn-off.

"She was leaning over the jukebox, to maybe pick out another song. She grabbed her beer and had a sip. She was still bent over. I guess I must have got REAL close, because I wanted to see if that bra was as big and strong as I thought it was." Moe looked dreamily out the passenger seat's window. "And I guess I got closer to that big ass in those tight blue jeans than I thought I did. Next thing, she said 'It's an F cup.' I looked around to see if she was talking to me. 'Yeah, you,' she said, 'I feel you back there!' Well, then she reached back and grabbed for herself!"

"So what happened then?"

"Well, to make a long story short..." began Moe.

"Too late for that," snickered Sam.

"Hey! Leave the wise-ass comments to me, amateur!" said Moe. "We went to a motel. It was about a block away, and it had that kind of corny Swiss ski lodge look. I actually signed in as 'Mr and Mrs John Smith'. We screwed like seven or eight times in a row. Wouldn't you love to be that age again?"

Sam snickered. "But the tits! You gotta tell me about those F-cups!"

"Can you believe it?" laughed Moe. "I was so stupid I didn't touch 'em. I thought girls didn't like that. That it must be some thing guys only did 'cause they liked it. Finally, she shoved one in my mouth and waggled it back and forth!"

Getting a mental picture of what his friend was describing nearly send Sam's car off the road. "So you're telling me this story to tell me about your first time?" asked Sam.

"Shit, no," laughed Moe. "I'm telling it to you to say don't look down your nose at trailer-park trash. One of my best fucks was trailer-park trash. And she had some of the biggest titties, too!"

"I gotcha," said Sam. "I should have known when I first suggested we take a back-packing trip through West Virginia that you'd say fuck it."

"Right," said Moe. "Who needs to get that tired? Let's drive!"

"And when I talked about bringing a couple of tents for camping..." continued Sam.

Moe snorted out a laugh. "Yup, I said do you really want to make friends with grizzly bears? Let's stay in motels."

"And when I packed bottled spring water..." said Sam.

" I said don't drink water! Fish fuck in it," said Moe. "Bring beer."

"So if we're not taking in the beauty of nature, why take the trip?" smiled Sam, anticipating the answer.

Moe looked at Sam. "Dumb ass," he teased. "To get laid! To find some women with faces too made up, shirts too tight, and tits way too big, and fuck 'em!"

"Sounds good to me," said Sam. "Geez, I hope there's a motel somewhere. This is pretty much the middle of nowhere. A motel with two rooms, and a lounge where each of us can pick up his own trailer trash!"

"Faces ... shirts ... tits! Yeah!" agreed Moe.

"Why don't we stop at this gas station? They got one of those convenience stores attached," said Sam, turning the wheel. "We're gettin' low on gas ... and we could pick up some Fritos or something."

The station would have liked to have been a 7-11 store, but they can't really afford to pay franchise fees in West Virginia. So it was called "24/7". With a red and green sign, so city dwellers like Sam and Moe might mistake it for a 7-11.

"I'll pump," offered Moe. "That way you're stuck with paying for it!" he laughed. "You go in and grab something to eat."

Sam wandered in. Behind the counter sat a twentysomething guy that looked like every stereotype you've ever imagined about the backwoods. He wore a torn red plaid shirt and overalls that actually hooked over just one of his shoulders. Sam smiled. He thought those only existed on HEE HAW reruns. This guy looked like his picture would appear in the dictionary next to the word "hillbilly". He looked up from the skin mag he was paging through and acknowledged Sam's entrance into the store.

"Hey," said the hayseed clerk.

"Hey," answered Sam, trying his best to slip into the vernacular. Sam grabbed a bag of Fritos, a package of Ding Dongs, and two litres of Mountain Dew. Moe came in to pay for the gas. The two friends met at the cash register.

The hick in charge took an eternity to ring up their purchases.

Moe rolled his eyes at Sam and turned to the clerk. "New-fangled equipment givin' you trouble?" said Moe, using an exaggerated cornpone accent.

The clerk grinned, unaware that Moe was making fun of him. "No, it ain't that," drawled the young man. "I just din't wanna put my magazine down to wait on y'all." He gestured toward the girlie mag, blushing.

Moe leaned in and addressed the hick in a confidential tone. "I was ... uh, fixin' to ask y'all about that," he said. "You get any good lookin' fillies with big knockers comin' in here?" Sam blushed, but he had to admit -- he was wondering the same thing.


The clerk's eyes widened. "You ... you mean you guys know?"

Sam looked confused. "Kn-know what?" He and Moe exchanged a look. What could this hayseed be talking about?

"You know about ... the legend?" said the store man as he packed their things into a paper bag. "About Double Wide Park?"

"We don't know diddly 'bout no Double Wide Park," said Moe, continuing to make fun of the local dialect.

The clerk smiled and blushed again. "I wouldn'ta believed it if I ain't seen it with my own eyes," he said, handing them their bag. "It was ... twenty years ago today, come to think of it! I was sittin' right here behind the counter, next to my daddy. I couldn'ta been more than six or seven. That bell that rings whenever somebody comes in the store? It rang. In walks two of the prettiest, curviest, big tittiest gals I ever seen before or since! I may not have had much equipment then, but what I had got damn hard!"

"R-really?" asked Sam, wanting to hear more.

"No shee-it," said the counter man. "One had light brown hair an' freckles, and the other had the yellowest blonde hair in the world. Dressed in these tight, raggedy cutoffs, tight t-shirts that were thin as hell! Damn, I can still see those nipples pokin' out! And not barefoot, like most of the gals 'round here. These two had high, high heels that laced up their legs. Jesus, did them shoes make their tits and ass look fuckin' goooooood!"

"What'd they do?" asked Sam, surreptiously adjusting his pants.

"Bought all kindsa fatty foods, leaned over the counter to pay, so me and my daddy could look down their shirts ... and giggled when they saw how hot they were makin' us," answered the clerk. "Just afore they left, both of 'em came 'round to me and rubbed the front of my pants! 'Can't wait 'til this one grows up!' they told my daddy. Then they looked right at me and said, 'See ya tomorrow'."

"So?" demanded Moe. "Did they come back tomorrow?"

"I ain't seen 'em since," said the clerk, sadly. "That brings me 'round to the legend. Folks say that..."

Just then the bell over the door to the store rang. The store clerk stopped in mid-sentence. Moe and Sam watched as his eyes widened.

The two travelers turned toward the door.

Their eyes were filled with the vision of four of the biggest ... pointy-nipplest ... wobbling and bobblingest ... most incredibly enormousest TITS they had ever seen in their lives. Their eyes nearly rolled back into their heads at the sight. These four tits knocked and bounced and waved all over the store as their owners strode toward the counter. It seemed like hours before Moe or Sam took their eyes off that quartet of breasts for a second to get a glimpse at the women they were attached to.

One had light brown hair and a sexy sprinkling of freckles. Her jutting ass was shown off by her tight and threadbare denim cutoffs, and her long smooth legs were displayed by high-heel sandals that laced up her ankles ... disco-dancing shoes, Sam thought to himself. Those incredible breasts were wrapped in an oversize men's white dress shirt, presumably tied under her boobs, although Sam had to take that on faith, since the tits practically covered her midriff to her waist. There was no way to conceal a bra in there, so these breasts ran wild and free. By the time Sam looked her in the eye, she was smiling knowingly at him. She pretended to innocently reach up and stretch ... but there was nothing innocent about it. This woman knew perfectly well that the move would pop her nipples into plain view. Sam actually heard himself moan. This pleased the woman.

Moe couldn't take his eyes off the blonde. She had hair so yellow it could only have come from a bottle, and it was teased and feathered in a bygone style. Where had he seen that kind of hair before? On CHARLIE'S ANGELS, on one of the cable TV nostalgia channels. What was that blonde's name? Mia Farrow Fawcett? But no TV actress ever possessed breasts this massive. The woman wore a man's white t-shirt so worn and thin that it was flecked with yummy spots of nubbly flesh. The nipples were dark, hard, and perfectly visible. And it was tucked into the waist of a pair of candy-apple-red short shorts. The kind that were called hot pants twenty years ago. Like her friend, the blonde wore spangly open-toed high heel shoes ... and she also wore a confident knowledge of her own sexuality. She knew that every man who looked at her dreamed of sucking down her prominent nipples, plastering her blonde hair with showers of cum, and bouncing her jutting ass repeatedly up and down on his cock. And she liked that just fine.

The blonde walked up to the store clerk and eyed the growing bulge in his overalls. Her eyes widened. "I toldja, Ginny," she said to the brunette in a voice dripping with Southern hospitality. "I toldja he'd grow up nice!"

"Howdy, girls," croaked the hick clerk. "Been a long time!"

The brunette smiled. "Seems like only YESTERDAY," she cooed, throwing a knowing glance at her companion. "Daisy, git the food. I wanna take a closer look at our big friend here..." she said, her voice turning into a cross between a growl and a purr and she eyed the front of the thunderstruck clerk's pants.

"May I be of some assistance?" offered Moe, shifting to a courtly, respectful tone and giving the blonde his arm, in hopes that he could at least be in close proximity to her colossal bosom.

"Why, thank you," said Daisy, the blonde. "You ain't from around here, are ya?" she drawled as she pressed her willing flesh into Moe's body.

"How could you tell?" said Moe. "Because I got all my teeth?" They walked toward the snacks.

Sam watched the brunette and the store clerk exchange small talk. The woman managed to lean forward to give her admirer the best possible view of her swaying, unbound breasts. The embarrassed young man blushed and sweated profusely ... but he knew not to conceal his growing bulge from his well-endowed customer. In fact, he displayed it even more prominently. In return, the big-boobed brunette wobbled and waved her titties at him all the more.

Sam turned his head and walked over to where his friend Moe was socializing with the blonde. They were face to face, discussing the relative merits of Doritos vs Tostitos ... but the busty blonde had molded her soft and malleable breasts to Moe's chest and seemed to be using them to give him a massage as they spoke.

Sam didn't know how to react. Talk about being odd man out! Finally, he shot his friend a look and said loudly and deliberately, "I think we'd better be going!"

"Oh!" answered Moe. "I'm coming! Well, not yet, I'm not! I mean ... yeah, let's go..."

"Where ya headed?" asked blonde Daisy, still giving Moe a mammary rubdown.

"I dunno," said Moe, Daisy's titty massage rendering him unable to continue his wisecracks.

"Hey! Why doncha come visit us?" said brunette Ginny from the front of the store. Sam turned to see her bouncing toward him, cleavage heaving. The hayseed store clerk seemed to moan with disappointment.

"Well ... sounds good!" said Sam. "Where do you two live?"

Ginny grinned at the way the good-looking young man stared her right in the tits when he said "you two". "Place called Double Wide Park," she said, offering her arm. "C'mon."

Sam put his arm around big Ginny's comparatively tiny waist. She leaned into him to ooze her breasts onto his body. She giggled at his embarrassment ... and obvious arousal.

Moe had figured out a way to to reach completely around Daisy's body and cup one of her immense breasts from underneath as they walked. "Are you girls ... models or actresses?" asked Moe. He hefted Daisy's heavy boob. "Or just weight-lifters?"

"Nope," squealed Daisy. "Them girls is too skinny for us! We got meat on our bones!"

"And damn, I'm hungry," growled Moe, grabbing Daisy's protruding nipple.

"Besides, we're busy bein' friendly to handsome strangers passin' through," said Ginny, running her hands through Sam's hair. "We meet somebody new ever' day!"

"And today, we're the lucky ones, huh?" said Sam, his fingers uncontrollably reaching into her yawning cleavage.

"Mm-hm," said Daisy, reaching toward Moe's crotch. She wondered if she could heft something big heavy and round between his legs. "Hey, here we are."

"C'mon in!" said Ginny, playfully pulling Sam's face into her cleavage and then pushing him away, giggling. She scampered into a trailer. Daisy and Moe just kept walking, hands all over one another.

Sam followed Ginny into the trailer. "So this is where you live, eh?" He looked around. It was a cramped space, filled with junk food wrappers and beer cans. He noticed a box of Chipos artificial potato chips and a can of Sugarbush diet soda -- with cyclamates. Sam was sure they stopped making both of those products years ago.

"Uh-huh!" said Ginny, practically hyper-ventilating. "What's yer name, big boy?" she cooed, unbuckling his belt.

"Um, Sam," he said. He'd never seen a girl this enthusiastic about fucking before. Well, about fucking him, anyway.

"Here, take off my shorts," she squealed. "And untie my shirt. It's tied under my tits. If you can find the knot," she giggled.

"Goddamn, you're ready, aren'tcha?" whooped Sam.

"Been ready for twenty years," muttered Ginny, smoothing out the considerable surface area of her boobs. "An' I need it every day!"

Sam puzzled over the illogical nature of those last two statements. But not long. He dove for her prominent nipples and drank them down.

"Ooooh!" said Ginny. "That's it, city-boy. Suck, suck, suck..."

Moe and Daisy walked through the door, each with the other's shirt in hand. They'd managed to begin undressing themselves without missing a step, and with their lips locked together. Moe was beginning a major mammary massage on the blonde's big boobies.

"Hey, Daisy," said Ginny, cordially. "Grab a piece of floor so's your man can grab a piece of ass. What's his name?"

Moe pulled his face away from Daisy's lips. "It's Moe. And I don't want no piece of ass! Not yet, anyway. Hell, I want me a piece of TIT!" Daisy hollered "Yeeehah!" and grabbed the back of Moe's head. He clamped it onto her rolling and undulating boob, letting the long hard nipple snake its way down his throat.

Sam and Moe both were sucking with great enthusiasm on some of the biggest, roundest tits either of them had ever seen. The girls, although enthusiastic, seemed pretty used to this kind of scene. They talked with one another very casually as the boys filled their mouths.

"So, Daisy," said Ginny, pulling on the back of Sam's head, "how'dja like the kid at the store?"

"Nice," cooed Daisy, pulling on the nipple that Moe wasn't slurping. "Maybe we should have asked him over, too!"

"Oh, he'll be there next time we go shopping," said Ginny, trying to position Sam so she could jerk his cock as he sucked her tit.

"Yeah, but he'll be way too old!" giggled Daisy. "Hey, let's do a kind of switch."

"I don't know," teased Ginny. "My guy is pretty good at this. You know something about tingling a big tit, don't you, city-boy?"

Sam spoke out of the side of his mouth so he didn't have to surrender her cigar-sized nipple. "I like to think so," he said.

"Well, here, Sam," said Ginny, helpfully moving his ass over toward her blonde friend. "Let's have you sink your cock into my friend Daisy while you keep sucking on me! And Daisy? Pass Moe's trouser snake over here. I want it in my cunt!"

The quartet rearranged itself. The fucking began in earnest but carefully. Neither girl wanted her tit-tips bit off.

"Oh, my gawd," called Daisy.

"Keep bangin' and suckin', fellas!" cheered on Ginny.

They did as they were told. Both men moaned to indicate they were ready to spew. The experienced girls recognized the signal.

"Keep suckin', but move your dick so's you come on Ginny's tits, Sam baby," she instructed Sam.

"You, too!" said Ginny. "Like my sister said."

Both men struggled to do so. Sam was a little surprised when some of Moe's semen splashed on his lips as he bathed Ginny's boobs ... but he wouldn't stop sucking. He loved sucking tit, and he'd never seen a girl who enjoyed it like Ginny did.

Moe actually pulled his face from Daisy's chest when Sam started spewing. "Hey, no fair!" teased the blonde. "Just for that, you gotta suck some it off!"

Moe decided what the hell? If it would turn on this blonde boob goddess, it was OK by him!

"Mmmmmmmm," said Ginny, rubbing Sam's head and her own tit. "Gawd! I never knew a man to love titties so much!"

"Isn't it great!" squealed Daisy as Moe licked her clean like a mother cat.

"You know who would appreciate Sam?" said Ginny to her sister. "Bonnie Jean!"

"Ooh! Yeah," agreed the blonde. "And I think he's earned Bonnie Jean! Don't you?"

"Definitely," said Ginny, fingering her own pussy. "Sam! You appreciate big big tits -- right?"

"Well, yeah," said Sam, watching and salivating at the scene.

"I got somewhere for you to go," said Ginny, getting short of breath. "It's the trailer 'cross the street."

"You want me to leave?" said Sam, crestfallen. He started creeping toward Ginny, hovering his mouth over the tit he hadn't yet touched.

"No, lover," said Ginny, turning that tit toward Moe to fill his mouth with two engorged nipples -- one from each sister. "You've earned the next level! Knock on the door and ask is Bonnie Jean home. Tell her paw that Ginny said you should come."

Sam crawled toward his pants, wondering why he was getting the brush-off. "Her paw?" he said.

"Yeah! He'll getcha all set up for her," said Ginny. "Don't worry nothin' about him. He just likes to take care of his little girl."

"Little?" said Daisy, laughing.

"Go on, tit man," teased Ginny. "You won't be sorry. Just put on yer pants so you don't get arrested. You'll need to undress real fast once you meet Bonnie Jean."

"Okay," said Sam, heading for the door. His buddy Moe was sucking both girls' tits. He waved, unable to speak. Sam opened the door and started out.
