 My office is located on the top floor of a ten story building. The engineering company I own occupies approximately half of the floor. The other half was empty until about 6 months ago, when the accounting department for a national retailer moved in. Despite my initial apprehension, it turned out to be a rather pleasant adjustment since there were now many young, attractive women on our floor. This was a great morale boost to my hard working engineers. 

One of the young women in particular had caught my eye. I didn't know her name, obviously, but her details quickly became etched in my mind. She was about 5'6", fit, very pretty, with short brunette hair and sexy green eyes. I estimated she was about 27 or 28. She had great taste in clothes and always looked amazing. 

Over the next couple weeks I found myself paying her more attention each time our paths crossed, either in the hallway, the elevator or the café on the first floor. After a few of these encounters I noticed that she had seen me watching. She would often flash me a quick smile before moving on her way.

One Saturday I had been doing some things at the office while my wife was at a charity event. A little after lunch I got ready to leave and walked out to the lobby. I was reading emails on my phone while waiting for the elevator to arrive. When it did I was greeted with a pile of falling books and boxes from an overloaded hand cart. I saw the short haired brunette standing there in shock.

"Oh god, I'm so sorry. I guess I didn't have those stacked very well."

I quickly knelt to start picking up things for her. She managed to push the cart out of the elevator and quickly joined me. One of the first things I picked up was a photo of her in a bikini along with some guy at the beach. She looked breathtaking with a deep, dark tan. The smile on her face was priceless.

I realized I was staring at the photo and quickly put it in one of the boxes. I snuck a quick glance at her to see if she had seen me. Naturally, she had. I saw her grin slightly. Thinking quickly, I decided to try to make light of the situation.

"What I wouldn't give to be on that beach, right now."

"Oh, I know. It was so beautiful. That was my honeymoon trip to Fiji." She smiled briefly at me and returned to picking up the mess. We soon had everything picked up and loaded back on the cart. 

"Thank you so much for your help." She extended her hand to me.

"You're very welcome, uh..."

"Callie."

"Callie? That's a pretty name. I'm Rob."

"Thanks for your help, Rob."

"It was no problem. Is this all you have to bring in?"

"No, I have some other stuff."

"Do you need a hand?"

"No, you don't have to."

"I wouldn't mind."

She looked at me closely then she flashed me an impish grin. "I do have a couple big boxes of books in my SUV. I probably shouldn't be lifting them. I strained my back at the gym Thursday." I nodded knowingly. I had guessed that she spent a lot of time in the gym. 

"I don't mind helping. Let's get this stuff unloaded and we can get the other boxes."

"Ok, thanks."

"Hey, don't mention it."

As she turned to pull the hand cart to her suite door, I noticed that she was dressed really nicely for a day off. A simple, tan cotton dress hugged her figure delightfully close. She was wearing strappy wedge sandals that made her calves look delicious. My eyes roamed over her as I walked behind her.

We unloaded the cart in her office and then took the elevator down to get the other boxes. We were walking back into the building and I was learning a little more about her.

"What were you doing when you hurt your back?"

"Clean and jerks." My jaw practically hit the sidewalk.

"No kidding? How did you get in to that style of training?"

"I train at the Crossfit gym downtown."

"Really? That's great."

"It's obvious you lift you too. Where do you go?"

"My buddies and I have a private powerlifting gym down on the south side."

"Really? That's awesome." She flashed me a big smile.

We were riding the elevator back up and our conversation continued.

"So, where's your husband today? He should be helping you if you've got a bad back." I smiled at her.

She turned towards me with a little smile and said, "Playing golf with some of his clients." She then turned back to stare straight ahead. The smile faded from her face. It was replaced by a really sad look. I looked at her in curiosity. What was that all about? 

The elevator door opened and we were soon in her suite again unloading the boxes.

"Thank you so much, Rob."

"Don't mention it, Callie." I stuck my hand out again. She took it and I watched her eyes wonder down to the gold band on my left hand. She nodded slightly before our eyes met again. 

"I hope you have a good rest of the weekend."

"You too, Callie. Bye."

I walked out the door towards the elevator. I thought back to her looking for my wedding ring. That had been interesting. It was definitely good for the old ego since, as far as looks go, I have more in common with a gorilla than I do with Brad Pitt. Not to mention she had to be almost half my age. 

The next week I was walking to the café downstairs when I saw her walk out of the ladies room. She was wearing a very pretty black dress with sexy, sling back heels. As usual, she looked amazing.

"Hi, Rob."

"Hey, Callie. How's your back?"

"Better, thanks. Can I buy you a cup of coffee for helping me?"

"You don't have to do that."

"I know I don't, but I want to, okay?"

"All right, then. Say, that's a very pretty dress. I've never seen you in it before." I nodded in approval.

"I just got it this weekend. These shoes too. You noticed, huh?" 

I smiled, "Yeah, I'll admit I always like to see you. You have great taste."

"Thanks." She gave me that cute little smile again.

We got our coffee and then went to a table and sat down. I had brought my iPad to make some notes for a presentation I had to give, but I just sat it on the table. We both took a quick sip of our coffee.

"You won't believe what happened after you left Saturday," she started.

"What?"

"I went back downstairs to get a few other things out of my SUV and I got locked out of the building! I stood outside for 45 minutes until someone came out. I had my phone, but my husband didn't answer and I didn't know who else to call."

"They put that new magnetic lock on about a year ago and people always forget their key cards. I don't know how many times I've had to come up here to let my people in. Look, if that happens again, you can call me. I just live a couple blocks away." I reached for my wallet and gave her a business card. "Just don't call too late." I smiled.

"I'll try not to. I wouldn't want to be standing outside the building after dark."

"No, it can get a little scary after dark around here."

We sipped our coffee and talked a little more.

"So, you're married too, right?"

"Yep, almost 25 years."

"No way! 25 years? I didn't think you were THAT old."

"Ha, thanks. How old do you think I am?"

"I thought you were like 35."

"Callie, I wish. You're off by a decade and then some. I'll be 48 in a few months."

"REALLY?"

"Yeah. I have a son that's graduating from college next month."

"You don't look it."

"I try to take care of myself."

"You do. How old do you think I am?"

"27."

"26 actually. Close enough though. What does your wife do?"

"She's a neurosurgeon."

"Wow, that's really impressive."

"Yeah. If you ever need your brain worked on, Brandi can fix it for you."

"I'll remember that!" She smiled, and then glanced at her watch. "Oh, I'd better go. I've got a conference call in 5 minutes."

"Okay, have fun with that. Thanks for the coffee." I gave her a big smile as she got up from the table.

"You're welcome." Our eyes met for a brief moment and I saw a different look on her face. It made me stir in my chair. It was a very sultry look. "See you later." She turned and walked out with my eyes trailing after her. God to be her age and both of us single! I shook my head and took another sip of my coffee. When she got to the door, she glanced back over her shoulder as she walked out. I smiled and waved at her before I picked my iPad up and began working. 

-----

We met for coffee nearly every day over the next few months. We quickly established a friendship. I enjoyed talking with her. She told me about her job and her volunteer work with kids. She was eager to learn about the work my company did. We also talked a lot about our training. I was curious what the youngsters were doing with this Crossfit stuff. She was interested in learning more about our gym and the training routines we used. 

Her gym closed for renovations, so I invited her to train with us for a few weeks. She gladly accepted. She turned out to be a real trooper in the gym. My training partners and I always push one another really hard. We have a good crew that ranges in age from 20 to 55. It can get a little scary at times when we yell and scream at one another. It's all part of encouraging each other to push the boundaries and test our limits. At first, she was little intimidated, but after a few days she fit right in. She ended up staying even after her gym opened back up. 

We flirted quite a bit, but I never thought anything of it, since she was practically my son's age. She was undeniably attractive, but I always thought of her almost like I would one of my son's friends. I enjoyed complimenting her on a new outfit, or when she did something different with her hair. She always seemed flattered. She always paid me little compliments as well. 

She told me a lot about her background. Her mom and dad had separated when she was still pretty young. Her mom was a senior HR manager for a large manufacturing company. Her dad worked as an oil and gas consultant and had traveled all over the world. He hadn't really been in her life until she was 18, when he had retired. They had reestablished a relationship, but unfortunately he had been killed in a motorcycle accident during her second year of college. I could relate to her, having lost my dad early in life as well. I tried to get her to talk more about him. She would usually get upset and I didn't press matters. 

One thing that did strike me as very odd during all of our conversations was that she hardly ever talked about her husband. When she did, it was usually like she had mentioned him in passing. They couldn't have been married for more than a couple years. That was hardly enough time for the newness to have worn off. She always asked about my wife and my son, but rarely mentioned him. Finally, one day while we were having coffee downstairs, I asked. 

"Callie, we've been talking to one another for a while now. I know a lot about you, but I don't even know what your husband's name is."

She blushed and got a very embarrassed look on her face. "Oh, I'm sorry. His name is Mike." 

"What does he do?" 

"He's an attorney with Koch, Earls and Roberts."

"Oh yeah? They're a great firm. They represent my company."

"Really?"

"Sure, John Roberts and I have known one another since elementary school."

"I'll have to tell Mike, when I see him again..." Her embarrassed look turned to sadness.

"What do you mean by that?"

"He just works all the time."

I nodded to her. "I'm sorry to hear that. John and his partners are all really driven people. They expect the people that work for them to be as well."

"I'm lucky to see him an hour a day. Maybe I'll get a phone call or a text message during the day. Weekends too. He makes amazing money, but he's never around to enjoy it." I could see tears in her eyes. I put my hand on hers on top of the table. I felt her tense up and then she relaxed.

"Honey, he's just paying his dues. He'll move up the ladder eventually and then he can back off, and spend more time enjoying life with you. It was the same way with my wife and I when she was doing her residency, and I was trying to get my company started. It will be okay eventually."

"I hope so." She placed her other hand on top of mine. "I'm sorry, I shouldn't be telling you these things. It just makes me so sad. He hasn't touched me..." Her voice trailed off.

I looked deep in her eyes. I felt my head shaking. "Why are you telling me this, Callie?"

"Because you listen to me. I spend more time with you than I do my own husband."

"I'm really sorry to hear that, honey."

"So am I." There were a few tears running down her cheeks. She grabbed a napkin and dabbed them up. "Great, now I'm bawling."

"Callie, it's ok. You have a right to be upset about it."

"I know. I just hate to cry at work." Her hand had returned to mine. She was gently rubbing it. I began to feel very uncomfortable since there were some of my employees sitting near us. I slowly pulled my hand away, but I gave her a warm smile to try and reassure her.

She returned the smile but then the look she gave me made me feel really uncomfortable. 

-----

I got back to my office after our coffee break that day. I thought about what Callie had said. He was always at work. I knew she was always at work as well. There had been many times I had left the office late and she was still there. After she had started at our gym, she had mentioned many times she was going back to the office after our training. I guessed she didn't want to be home alone. 

I knew I shouldn't be doing this, but it made me wonder about her husband. My friend John expected a lot of his people, just like I did. However, neither of us would have someone working that much. I picked up my cell phone and dialed John.

"Hey, Rob!"

"John, how are you, man?"

"Good, good. How's life treating you?" We talked a bit about our families and work.

"So what made you take time out of your busy schedule to call me today?"

"John, do you have a young guy in your office by the name of Mike Johnson?"

He laughed, "Yeah I do. For now. Why do you ask?"

"Well, I met his wife several months ago."

"His wife?" He sounded shocked.

"Yeah. She works in our building."

"Well, between you and me, you'd never guess this kid was married."

"No?"

"Hell, Rob. I'm going to have the let the kid go eventually. He spends most of his time trying to bang the other staff. It's a real shame. He was top of his class. I have to stay on his ass to get anything out of him. I talked to him last week and told him he had a month to get his shit together or he was gone." 

"That is a shame."

"What's your concern on this?" I filled him in on the details. "Ha, you're still a sucker for a pretty girl with problems. You'll never change, will you?"

"No, I guess not."

"Rob, I've got a gal here that can help her if she needs someone. I'll send you her contact information. Just let me get him out of the office first."

"I'll pass it along. Thanks buddy. Tell Vicky we said 'Hi'."

"Will do. My best to Brandi as well."

I shook my head as I ended the call. That cleared up a few things. I knew I should probably say something to her, but I felt like I had already overstepped my bounds. Surely she had to have her own suspicions. 

-----

The following week, my wife went to New York for a conference. She was going to stay through the weekend to do some shopping with her friends. She definitely needed the time away from the hospital. I had had a big proposal to submit or I would have gone with her. My team and I had barely gotten it out on time that Friday. I had taken my staff out for dinner as a way of thanking them for their hard work. 

Later that night I was sitting in my den reading the news on my iPad and sipping on a glass of Glenmorangie Signet when I got a text message from Callie. I had been so busy the last few days, I hadn't met her for coffee or been at the gym.

"How are you?"

"Good. U?" I typed back.

"Bored. Working late."

"Sorry. You should get out of there on a Friday night."

"Why? So I can go home and be by myself?"

"Sorry"

"Did u finish ur proposal?"

"Yes. Finally!"

"Great!! I missed seeing you for coffee."

"Me too."

"Are we still going to meet at the gym in the morning?"

"Yes. 11 AM."

"OK. What r u doing now?"

"Reading the news and having a scotch."

"I'd like a drink too. Would u want to meet me for a bite to eat?"

"I just finished with dinner with my staff a little while ago."

"Oh, Ok. Mind if I stopped by for a bit? I really need to talk to you."

"I don't think that would be a good idea. I better not have you here when Brandi is gone. It wouldn't be right. Can it wait til in the morning?"

"Yeah I guess so..."

We chatted a few more minutes before she said goodbye and that she would see me in the morning.

The next day we met at the gym. She was already standing outside the door when I got there.

"Hey." She gave me a quick hug.

"Hey, Callie. You didn't work too long last night did you?"

"Until about 10."

"That's not good, honey."

"I know." 

"What was on your mind last night?"

"Oh, it was nothing. We can talk about it later."

I unlocked the door and we walked in. The other guys were all taking the day off. We were just going to stretch, do some pre-hab work and go home. Callie had always worn pretty conservative clothing to the gym. It was a cool morning so she was wearing a jacket and some warm-up pants. I watched her drop her gym bag on one of the benches and she started to unzip her jacket. 

I walked over to the turn the lights and stereo on. When I turned back, I was shocked. Her workout apparel consisted of little more than a sports bra, spandex boy shorts and shoes. I stopped and stared at her. She was beginning to stretch. Her breasts strained at the top. She saw me looking at her.

"What?"

"I'm glad you don't wear that all the time in here. We'd never get anything done." I laughed.

"I thought it would be okay today, since it was just me and you." She smiled and winked at me.

"Uh, yeah, okay."

"You don't mind, do you? I can put my warm-ups back on." She was standing with her hips cocked and her hands on her waist.

I smiled, "I don't mind, if you don't."

"I'm comfortable. This is what I wore to my old gym."

I nodded my head and walked over to her.

I joined her in stretching. We chatted about work and other things. After we finished stretching, we started our pre-hab work. I watched her closely as she went through the different exercises I had given her for her shoulders and back. Then we moved onto to the hip work. I was standing behind her as she did the hip exercises. Seeing her tight ass in her little shorts was not good for a married man. Brandi had remained in wonderful shape, but I could still vividly remember when she still had the tight little body that Callie possessed. It looked as if you could bounce a quarter off of her shapely little ass. 

I watched in admiration as she went through the exercise progression. It was a fight resisting the urge to touch her. When she turned around it was even worse. My eyes were naturally drawn to the movement of her hips. On closer inspection, I could clearly make out the shape of her mons through the material of her shorts. The material was gradually taking shape around the lips of her pussy. My mind was working overtime imagining how it must look. She probably had it shaved or waxed completely smooth. Thankfully, she didn't dress like this all the time! Then the thought entered my head: Why was she dressed like this today? 

I quickly shook myself out of my lusty thoughts. I looked back up at her face. Naturally, she knew what I had been looking at. She just smiled and continued her exercises. 

When we were finishing up, I asked her if she wanted to grab a sandwich from the deli down the street. She declined saying she was going to meet some girlfriends for lunch, and then they were going shopping. We talked for a few more minutes and then I said, "I guess Mike is busy this weekend?" 
