 Author's Note: This story contains references to incest. There is no actual incest described here, but there is some role play. There are also instances of rough sex play. I just wanted to warn everyone. Thanks for reading and please let me know what you think. 

-nosebone

After I got back to my office, I sat there for at least 30 minutes thinking about what happened. Finally, I felt my phone vibrate in the pocket of my slacks. I reached inside them to pull it out. There was a text message from Callie.

'Rob. Sorry about everything. You were right, this was all a big mistake. I won't be in your life anymore. Take care of yourself.'

I stared at my phone for a while, not knowing if I should respond or not. Eventually, I decided that I had to.

'I'm sorry too, Callie. I can't say that enough,' I typed back.

'Yeah,' she responded.

'Can we talk for a bit,' I asked.

'No. I don't think we should. You've told me what you needed to.'

'Callie. Please,' I typed.

'No. I'm sorry. I'm typing my resignation letter now. I won't be a bother to you anymore.'

Jesus, I thought to myself. She was going to quit her job just to avoid seeing me.

I touched the screen to dial her number. The phone rang several times before she finally answered.

"Yes," she said, still crying.

"Callie, Listen. Just slow down a bit, sweetie. You can't quit your job over this," I said.

"I need to, Rob. I need to change everything. I need to move on."

"Honey, wait. Don't do anything too hasty. Please," I begged her.

"Why? What do you care? It's my life," she said pitifully.

"Sweetie, please. Can you come over to my office? We really need to talk."

"Are you sure that's a good idea," she asked. Only after we'd fucked like animals on the 9th floor was she worried about appearances, I thought.

"Yes, everyone is at lunch. Come to the side door," I said.

A few minutes later, I heard a light knock. I opened the door and let her in. She'd been crying a lot, her eyes looked like burned out shells of themselves and her makeup was a mess. She sat down on the couch and I moved a chair to sit across from her.

"Callie, there is no need for you to resign from your job. I understand you have a lot going on in your head, but seriously, that's a pretty extreme response," I said, trying to reason with her.

"I don't want to be here anymore. I don't want to see you again," she said flatly.

"I can understand that, but don't you think maybe you should look for something else first," I asked.

She just stared at me as I talked. I could see that her mind was made up, and I wasn't going to change it. Finally, she spoke.

"Rob, just forget about it. It will just be another mess in my life," she said.

"Honey, you can fix these things. People go through things like this all the time. You'll make it."

"That's easy to say isn't it," she asked. Her facial expression cut me like a knife.

"Yeah, I guess it is," I replied.

"I'm on my own, Rob. I thought you really cared about me, but you fucked me and threw me aside like a piece of trash. You can go back to your wife like nothing ever happened," she said.

"Callie, no, that's not the case, it's just I shouldn't have done that-," I said, before she cut me off.

"Whatever, I'll move on with my life. I just want things to be right some time. Every time it feels right for me, it's wrong," she said angrily.

"What do you mean, honey?"

"Rob, I mean love. I mean sex. Every time I feel like it's really good, it's like this. Everything falls apart."

"You mean with your husband," I asked.

"No, not with him, goddamn it. It never really felt right with him. That was a lie from the day I married him," she said. She stared at the floor, visibly shaken and angry.

"What are you talking about then, honey," I asked.

"I can't tell you."

"Callie, I just cheated on my wife with you. You can tell me," I said. I tried to remain calm, but I was losing patience with her.

"I'm not sure, Rob," she replied.

"Tell me what you're talking about, Callie," I demanded. I saw the fear in her eyes from my tone.

"Okay, fine," she said. There was still anger in her voice I noted, but it was diminished. "Rob, there was another older guy I knew, before you," she said.

"Yes. Go on," I said.

"He made love to me many times, it was amazing, but we couldn't be together, either," she said.

"Why not?"

"Because, we just couldn't. And then he was just gone." The look on her face was pitiful. Tears were streaming down her cheeks again.

"Callie. Honey, please tell me. Was he married, too," I asked.

"No. Nothing like that," she replied.

"What was it then?"

"Rob, I should go. I'm sorry for everything," she said as she rose to her feet. I stood as well.

"Callie, goddamn it. Who was he," I asked, completely losing my temper with her.

"I can't Rob. I'm sorry," she said. I thought back to the things she'd told me. The realization came all at once. I'm sure she could see the shock on my face.

"Callie...," I said.

"Yes. My dad," she replied, sadly.

"Honey...," I tried to speak.

"Rob, don't judge me," she replied, avoiding my gaze.

"When did this happen," I asked.

"The summer after I graduated from high school, right up until he died," she said.

It all became clearer to me. I just watched her as she stared at the floor.

"Honey. I can't believe that he did that. He was your father," I said.

"Rob. I know you think it's fucked up, but it was fine with both of us at the time, I promise. I initiated it, not him. It was the most amazing experience. You have no idea what that time in my life was like. Everything was just so difficult for me, and then he came back into my life. We'd never had much of a relationship because my Mom was a manipulative cunt. I think I thought that since we hadn't really lived like father/daughter it was okay. He was reluctant but eventually he gave into me. Much like you," she explained.

I could only nod at her. I felt sick to my stomach. I'd taken advantage of a vulnerable young woman that had more problems than I knew how to respond to.

"You're the only person in the world that knows that. I can't imagine what you're thinking now," she said.

"Callie. I'm sorry sweetie, but that's a lot to swallow," I admitted.

"Rob, I know it is," she said.

"How many times?"

"I don't know. A lot," she gestured flippantly. "We made love the day he died. He'd just left my apartment when he was killed on his motorcycle."

I shook my head in disbelief.

"Please, Rob. Don't try to understand it. I don't regret it. I would do it all over again. I'm not a victim. I wasn't forced or taken advantage of. He made me feel so loved and happy. You've reminded me so much of him. I guess that's why...," she said, her voice trailing off. She looked up at me, and our eyes met.

"Honey, you need help," I said.

"You've helped me, Rob."

"Callie, you need more help than what I can give you," I insisted.

"Are you saying that, or Brandi," she asked.

"It's both of us."

"Fine. I'll see a shrink," she said, with a sarcastic smile on her face.

"Callie. I'm serious. That's really crazy, honey. You can't just try to have normal relationships after that," I continued.

"No, I guess not. I'm fucked up for life," she said angrily.

"No, you're not, you just need to talk about this with someone you can trust and that can help you honey," I said.

"I thought that was you," she said, before she burst into tears.

Even at 48 years old, I'd never been able to stop my reaction to a woman crying. It was a fatal character flaw. It certainly seemed like it that day, anyway. Things moved in slow motion as I got off the chair and sat next to her on the couch. I took her in my arms and held her until she stopped crying. I noticed the time and realized my staff would be back in the office shortly. We were likely to be interrupted at any moment. I had to get Callie out of my office, and preferably out of the building for the day. She was in no shape to work. I reached for my phone and sent an email to my admin assistant, explaining I wasn't feeling well. I stood up from the couch.

"Come on, let me drive me you home," I said.

"No, I need to turn in my resignation," she said.

"No, you send an email that you're sick, and I'll take you home so you can relax. Let's go," I said firmly.

"Okay," she said, a look of resignation on her face.

We walked to the elevator and were soon out of the building. Thankfully, we didn't run into any of my employees. She got in my SUV and sat quietly as I drove her home. I wasn't sure what was going to happen when we got there, so I prepared myself.

"Come in for a bit, I need someone to talk to," she said when I pulled in her driveway.

"Callie, I really shouldn't," I said.

"Rob, I just need someone to talk to, you're the only one I can confide in now, please," she pleaded.

"Callie, okay, but just for a little while. Too much has happened today, already."

"Do you think it would make any difference to Brandi if it was once or twice," she asked coldly.

"I've asked you not to mention her name, Callie. I'm willing to listen to you as a friend, but I'm serious, if you press me, I'll leave right now," I said.

I'd thought Brandi was an expert at flashing me the sad eyes and bending me to her will, but as I looked at Callie, I realized that my wife was a mere novice. I angrily killed the SUV and got out. When I'd walked around to the passenger side, Callie was already walking up the sidewalk. After we entered her house, she said she was going to clean up her makeup.

"Thank you for staying," she said. "I really appreciate it."

"You're welcome, Callie. Go do what you need to, I shouldn't be here long. What if your husband comes by?"

"You don't need to worry about that. He left town yesterday. He got fired from his law firm on Monday," she said before walking down the hallway. I took a seat on the couch and waited. I had my back to the direction she'd gone, so I didn't know she was coming back until I heard her heels click on the tile. I turned around to see her in nothing but a pair of black heels.

"Callie, uh, seriously, I'm leaving," I said, as I moved to stand up. She was ready for me and pushed me by the shoulders back against the couch, straddling my lap. To my surprise, I'd scarcely even resisted her. It had been many years since my bachelor party, but I was immediately reminded of it when her firm breasts rubbed across my face and her hips ground against mine. I knew I should have pushed her off me and ran the fuck out of there, but I stayed. She saw that and knew that she had me.

"Rob, please stay in my life, baby. I'll be your little secret. You can do any dirty thing you can imagine to me. Anything Brandi won't. I'll be your personal whore," she said seductively.

"Callie, please don't do this," I said, weakly.

"You want it though, Rob. You want this hot, little pussy, don't you? I can see it in your eyes. It's yours anytime you want, baby," she said.

"Callie, you're a beautiful young woman and you deserve more than I can give you," I said to her. I almost added that I was married, but she'd made it clear all along that didn't matter to her.

"Don't give me that shit. I need you Rob, any way I can have you. I can feel your big cock against my pussy. You're so hard for me," she said. "Just think about it baby, you can come over and fuck me senseless anytime you want. I'll do anything for you, I'll never tell you no. I'll get you other girls if you want. You'll love it. I'll do anything for you. Just tell me you'll stay with me until I get through this," she rambled. She'd dangled the bait. I knew the hook was in there, and I tried to resist.

"Callie, I can't," I said, my voice barely a whisper.

"Yes, you can. I'll get a different job and you can tell Brandi that the little whore from across the hall moved on. I know how much she works and how she doesn't have time for you. You need my tight, young pussy, baby. You deserve it. She doesn't need to know," she said lustily.

I'd been so stupid with Callie. I finally realized in the months since we'd met, I'd told her practically everything about Brandi and me in confidence. She was using it to exploit the situation. I was fucked and was just then figuring that out.

"Besides, how do you know Brandi isn't having a little fun on the side, too," Callie asked.

"What are you talking about," I replied.

"It was just a question," she said. There was an evil grin on her face.

"She wouldn't do that," I said.

"Maybe. Maybe not. Shame on her if she did though. She has the best man she could ever ask for," she said.

Yeah, the best she could ask for I thought to myself. What the fuck was I doing sitting there with a naked woman half my age on my lap? Her suggestion did hit home with me, though. In the back of my mind, I'd always worried about Brandi. She was beautiful and very outgoing. She traveled to lots of conferences and she'd admitted to me that she'd often been approached by male colleagues. What if she'd strayed? It would have been easy. She always had the built-in excuse of staying late at work, as well. Maybe there were times I thought she was saving some child's life and she'd been making love with a co-worker. I shrugged off the thought. Suspicions were nothing compared to actions. I'd been unfaithful to her, that was a fact.

Callie stopped grinding on my lap. She stood up and I thought about bolting, but somehow, I couldn't. I wanted what was going to happen. Callie knelt and her hands swiftly opened my slacks. She tugged them down forcefully, allowing my hard cock to be free. She grabbed me by the base and looked up at me. The fear she'd shown that morning was gone. She knew she was now in charge of the situation. Her lips engulfed my cock and took me deep. I gasped and leaned my head back against the couch. She sucked me like she was pulling my spirit out. Brandi was a loving, lusty woman, but she'd never sucked me like Callie did that afternoon. Her hands worked on the base of my cock and balls. It felt amazing. I looked back down and her green eyes bored into me as her mouth worked me. I watched her intently, and she hardly blinked. She wanted me to know what I had with her. What would the price be, I wondered?

"Mmmm, you still taste like me," she said, as she took her lips off my cock. "I love that."

I just stared at her, trying not to encourage her to say anything further, knowing It would only provoke her.

"I want you to go home today smelling like my wet cunt. I want you to kiss Brandi when she comes home tonight, knowing your lips and mouth have been on my sex today," she said.

"Callie...," I tried to protest, but she silenced me by taking me deep down her throat. I gasped when she took all she could. It was too much to resist. She was throwing herself at me like no woman I'd ever known, but I had to get control of her though. She knew too much about me. She would ruin my life if I ever gave the tiniest slight from here on. I looked back into her sexy, green eyes as she stared up at me with her mouth full of my cock. I could see that my fears were correct. She was telling me that she would.

She slipped her mouth off my cock and stood again. She straddled me and my cock slid in her to the hilt. Her young pussy was so tight and wet. Callie's body was so fit and sexy, and my hands rubbed up and down her tight flanks. Her pussy began sliding up and down on me, looking at me as she did.

"You're not very happy today, but you will be Rob. I promise. This is your pussy from now on. You can fuck my ass, I'll do anything for you, no question," she said.

"Callie, you've made your point," I said. I'd took the bait, and she set the hook. I was caught. My hands moved from her sides to her swinging breasts. My fingers found her hard nipples and I rubbed them firmly.

"Mmmm, fuck. Don't stop that. That makes my pussy melt. Pinch them, Rob. Make them ache," she groaned. I did as she asked, and I felt her gush against my crotch. I'd experienced that a few times with Brandi, but she'd always been embarrassed and we'd stop our lovemaking. Not with Callie though, she screamed and kept riding my cock like it was going to be her last time. My fingers remained busy as we stared into one another's eyes. I knew what I was doing with her was just so wrong, but I couldn't help myself. Callie had me and she knew it.

"Oh, goddamn," she moaned. "You have the best cock. You feel perfect inside me."

I could only nod as she continued to ride me. I tweaked her nipples and I felt her squirt again.

"Mmmm, I've done that like 5 times in my life. I can't believe how fucking hot you make me," she gasped. She'd barely finished the sentence, when I felt her squirt a third time. "Fuck that's good," she said.

Her hips began moving faster. She was determined to make me cum inside her for the second time that day. I was thankful I'd been cut after our son was born, because there was no telling what Callie was thinking. I felt it happening and moved my hands from her breasts to her hips. I grabbed her and thrust my cock upwards, meeting her movement.

"Mmmm, that's it, fuck me baby. Show me who's boss, Daddy," she said.

Fuck, I thought. I wasn't sure if I could deal with that. Just a little longer and I felt myself began to cum. My hands gripped her taut hips, tightly.

"Oh, that's it Daddy, fill my little pussy up. Give me all of your cum," she moaned. I felt her squirt a final time, barely a trickle. I leaned back against the couch and stared at her. The 'Daddy' talk had me worried, but fucking her again had been amazing. She opened her eyes and looked down at me. She began to smile.

"I hate to say this, but you're even better than the real thing," she said.

I looked at her, not knowing what to say. She smiled and nodded.

"It's a lot, I know. It's just what gets me going. He was very special, but I think you can help me move on," she added.

"Callie, this is really fucked up," I said.

"Rob, please. Just be patient with me. It's my own therapy, but it's helping me."

I shook my head as I looked at her.

"Hey, I'm serious. This is helping me. Just promise me you'll be here for me for a little while," she continued.

"I'll try, Callie."

"I need you to promise. Promise you won't give up on me, baby. I just need you to be with me for a month or two while I get the divorce settled with Mike," she said. She put her hand on the side of my face as she looked down at me.

"Okay, I promise, Callie," I surrendered.

"Thank you," she said. She wrapped her arms around me and squeezed me tightly. She moved her hips and my cock fell limply out of her. She stood and looked at me.

"Callie. I really need to be going," I said.

"No, you don't, Brandi will be late tonight. It's Friday. She always works late on Fridays," she said. "We have hours together, yet."

"Callie-," I said.

"Rob, you know I like your wife, she seems like a wonderful lady, but her husband fucks me better than any man I've known," she said. "I'm going to be taking care of your cock now, since she's too busy for you. Her pussy isn't as good as mine anyway, is it? She's probably fucking one of her interns as we speak," she taunted as she stood up.

I'd disrespected my wife more in three hours that day than I had in our 25 years together, but I wasn't going to let Callie talk about her like that. I grabbed Callie's wrists and pulled her back towards me on the couch. When she was close enough I grabbed her shoulder, and pushed her forcefully down on her back. I saw the fear in her eyes as I knelt over her. I grabbed her neck and the fear changed to something else. She got a devilish grin on her face.

"You want to be rough with me, huh" she said. "Brandi won't let you do that?"
