 The conclusion of 'Down by the River'

The cool breeze and the warm sun are a stimulating combination, but not as stimulating as the woman beside me.

I kiss your forehead, then smile as you turn your head so your ear is pressed against my chest. My heart is still beating a bit faster than normal. You acknowledge your discovery with a soft moan, pleased by the reaction you have on me. I feel your fingers on me, gently squeezing to the rhythm of my pulse. I moan as I feel my manhood swell... the skin stretched taught... every nerve alive...

I pull your face to me and kiss you deeply. Your tongue dances with mine as we explore each other. I am able to tear myself away from your lips to kiss your closed eyes. You smile, keeping your eyes shut as I kiss your face. I kiss your forehead again, noticing the few beads of perspiration and it makes me smile. Your lovely eyebrows are next as I travel slowly down your face. Your eyelashes flutter against my lips, and I feel the warmth in your cheeks... a warm blush from your arousal.

Your eyes open and you gaze at me as our lips meet again.. still exploring. Your hand has abandoned me for a moment as you run your fingers through my hair.. more exploration.. and some direction. Your hands guide my head downward, but I am already sure of my destination. A trail of kissed along your cheek.. neck.. returning to nibble on your ear lobe.. then to the top of your breast, rising and falling with each breath.

Clothing becomes an obstacle. We laugh softly as our hands get in each others way hurrying to remove any barriers between us.

I gaze at your exposed breasts, your nipples reacting to the cool air and perhaps reacting also to my touch. I tease them lightly with my fingertips then kiss circles around them as I feel your hands return to my head in a effort to steer my lips. I resist, but only for a moment. My desire is driving me now as I take first one nipple, then the other between my lips and encircle them with my tongue. I suck gently at first, then with some urgency as my body is driving me. The different textures that your body presents to me give me a thrill. The smooth skin of your breasts like the wall in an art gallery where your nipples are on exhibit.. standing tall and proud, framed by your aureoles. Back and forth.. left then right.. again and again, as if I am trying to decide which is better. How is it possible to compare them? Is it even possible to think at a time like this? Your body is driving me in a direction where soft passion and intense erotic desires collide. 

I am finally able to decide, but I have forgotten the question. Ah, I remember now.. your nipples. I am convinced that both are equally delightful, I move downward.. downward.. until I approach the heat that awaits me. My journey takes me across the tender skin of your stomach. Delicate and smooth skin delight my lips. Then my mouth discovers those delicious hairs that point the way downward. So carefully trimmed to direct my exploration, as if any direction is needed. The scent of you fills my nostrils and clouds my thinking. Do you realize the wild thoughts racing through my mind? My tongue delights in the textures that you present to me. Soft skin so smooth.. delicate hairs.. and then that delicious wet treasure. I have arrived at the final destination, but my exploration is nowhere near complete.

My tongue probes to your core as you spread yourself for me. I inhale your fragrance and drink in your beauty with my mouth and my eyes. Excited by the subtle changes in the color of your skin as your body responds. Hot wet folds provide so many places for my tongue to travel. Up and down through that delicious valley.. finding the places that please you most. Sucking in that bundle of nerves that sends shock waves coursing through your body.

"Ahhh!!" A moan more than a word escapes your lips.

My mouth attempts to devour you. My tongue thrusting into you then finding your clit and dancing around it again. My lips holding it hostage as your body quakes.

"Please!"

So much is contained in a single word, spoken urgently. I respond, sensing that your desire is to be probed more deeply. My body moves up quickly and my notrils are filled with the fragrance of your hair. Your legs spread for me in a silent invitation. I feel your stiff nipples against my chest. My rigid, throbbing cock knocks at the door, but does not wait for your answer. I am inside you, more deeply that either of us could have imagined. I see that in your eyes. Our bodies as fused for a moment into one.

"Yes!" The word escapes from our lips simultaneously. We smile as we are engulfed in that moment. 

Then I withdraw, only to thrust into you more deeply if that is possible. Slow deep thrusts.. long and smooth.. becoming more forceful almost frantic as I am lost in the pleasure that washes over me. Waves crashing against a rocky shore during a violent storm pale in comparison to what I feel.

Your body tenses and squeezes me, driving me over the edge, as we share one powerful climax.

My cock erupts, pulsing inside you. Your body stiffens and shakes. Your arms clutching me tightly. I stop thrusting, but our bodies are not finished. Our hearts are pounding as one.. every nerve alive and sharing one last long shudder, then the world stops moving. 

Slowly we drift back down to earth. We become aware of the late afternoon sun filtering through the leaves on the trees. Birds are singing in the distance. Our bodies are cooled by the gentle breeze. Once again we find ourselves lying peacefully beside the river.