 She couldn't believe what she was thinking. Carrie had never even thought of having an affair with a married man before. Kevin was quickly changing her mind about that though. From the moment that she'd gotten into his truck, she new that something was going to happen. She could feel the sexual tension in the air. She looked over at him as he drove. He was different now than he had been in high school. No longer the gangly boy of his youth, he was all man now. As she looked at him, her heart froze...she knew without a doubt that she wanted him but would he feel the same?

Kevin was just as nervous as she was. He'd always been attracted to Carrie and he knew that he wanted her too. He pulled up to the gate of his family's old farm and told her to wait there so he could unlock the gate. The plan had been to get a few beers and go catch up on old times. What better place for that than a moonlit pond?

They drove up next to the pond and got out, leaving the radio softly playing country music. Sitting on the tailgate of the truck, the started talking. Reminiscing about the last time they had seen each other. The more he talked, the more Carrie wanted him. What was the matter with her? Well, she would never know unless she acted on it. Sliding over, she offered to rub his shoulders as he talked...gently leaning down to kiss the back of his neck. It was working! She knew when she saw the tiny hairs standing up on the back of his neck that she had him. 

Slowly she reached around in front of him and untucked his shirt from his tight jeans. Running her hands up over his chest as he stood in front of her. Suddenly he turned around looking her in the eye. Asking a silent question. When he saw the fire in her eyes, he got his answer. Bending down he softly kissed her on the lips. She had other ideas though. She had waited for years for his lips and couldn't stand for him to be gentle. She wanted heat, and passion. Kissing him back she weaved her hands in his hair and pulled her self closer to him. Grinding her pussy into his cock. Letting him feel how much she wanted him. 

The pair broke the powerful kiss and looked at each other with amazement. It was more than either one of them had ever expected. Quickly Kevin got a blanket and put in the bed of the truck. They both climbed in and lay back. Looking him in the eyes, Carrie slowly stripped for him, loving the feel of the warm night air on her naked skin. He looked at her in all of her glory. She was gorgeous, with amazing tits. His mouth watered just looking at them. Her waist narrowed down and then her hips flared. Then he saw it. Her pussy was glistening in the moon light. She came to him...knelt down in front of him. He managed to unbutton his jeans before she stopped him. It appeared that she wanted to be in control at this point. Kneeling in front of him, looking up into his eyes, she grabbed the zipper with her teeth and unzipped his pants. Nuzzling his cock with her face. She loved the pure male smell of him. 

No words between the two were necessary as she lay back and opened her legs to him, beckoning him to fill her with his long hard cock. He lay on top of her teasing her pussy with his cock. Sliding it up and down over her opening as he sucked on her long hard nipples. She was softly moaning with desire, begging him to enter her. He poised him self over her, barely touching her pussy with the head of his cock...both breathing hard with excitement. As he slowly entered her, he knew for the first time what heaven was like. She was so hot and wet. Her pussy was the best he'd ever felt. He had about half of his seven inches in when she shifted and thrust her hips up and pushed the rest of him inside her. He cried out with pleasure screaming her name. On and on the drove each other. Her hips coming up to meet his thrusts perfectly. Until finally he felt her pussy muscles contract around him and felt her come. She spewed more pussy juice than he'd ever felt before. He could feel it splashing against his balls and the sensation made him lose control. He slammed in her with one final thrust shooting all of his cum inside her...

As he pulled out Carrie suddenly got up. Wondering where she was going, she looked at him with a smile and knelt back down before him, licking all of their mixed juices off of his cock. For as long as he could remember, he'd dreamed of her sucking his cock....Now her mouth felt wonderful, and she was already making him hard again. That hadn't happened to him in a very long time. Soon he moved them so that they were in a 69 and his face was staring at the most beautiful pink pussy he'd ever seen. Tentatively, his tongue came out of his mouth and licked her still sensitive pussy, sending shivers down her spine and making her moan on his cock. He licked her from her clit all the way down to her brown puckered hole of her ass. Tasting the mixture of salt and sugar of their juices. Raising her head Carrie begged him to tongue fuck her. Straining her pussy back down to his lips...he did just that. 

They stayed like that four hours. Sucking and fucking each other till neither one could handle any more.