 I called Nora and told her I had to cancel our date because my old classic car had broken down again. When I told her I was staying home to work on her, she surprised me by asking if she could help. She said she had grown up watching and sometimes helping her older brothers work on their hot rods and she loved getting dirty.

So here we were under my '56 Chevy instead of at the lake with a picnic basket. I told her it was a heck of a second date and that I never would have guessed she would end up under my car before she ended up under me. She teased me back by telling me my Chevy was better looking than me and I retorted by saying the car was in better shape as well.

"I tell you Nora, with that extra large man's shirt and those jeans rolled up high plus that cute little pony tail of yours you remind me of Sandra Dee."

"Well thank you sir I surly will take that as a compliment; you know I saw all the Tammy movies. It's just when I got up this morning I got to thinking back on all those Saturdays when I was a young teen and this was pretty much how I dressed. My brothers always hollered at me for wearing their shirts but I don't think they really cared. So tell me what are we doing today?"

I told her I was pretty sure I'd lost a freeze plug but I'd know better once I got under the car. As for Nora, she knew what a freeze plug was and asked me if it was front or back. My answer was for us to climb under and check it out. It was the rear plug and the only way I could get to it way to drop the trany thus turning a five minute job into a whole afternoon.

When we stopped for lunch Nora got the picnic basket she had prepared for us and instead of under the shade of an old oak, we ate under the shade of my garage. I got us a couple of beers while she spread our lunch out on an old blanket I had. We feasted on cold fried chicken and homemade potato salad as we drank our beer. Although we had both cleaned up enough to eat, we were still covered in grease, and Nora had the cutest little smudge on the end of her nose. I teased her about it and when she swiped at it and missed, I volunteered to get it and I leaned over with a napkin. When I looked close to make sure I got it all she just turned her head up enough for her lips to meet mine. The kiss so incongruous and innocent yet to me was a burning ember that lit a passion that had lain dormant before. 

I refused to break the kiss first and when she did, she looked at me with questions in her eyes.

"Nora I know we hardly know each other and it's way too early to discuss the future but by just being with you today I'd have to count it as one of the best days of my life."

"Come on Robb you're just trying to get in my pants," she kidded as she pushed me back with her hands.

"No, well yes but that's not what I'm talking about. It's about you having fun, getting dirty and I can tell you're actually enjoying today as I am. Sure I want to tear you clothes off and ravish your body but it's more than that, its being with you that I enjoy."

I think she saw the honesty in my face as she thanked me. We went on to finish our lunch and then back under my old clunker.

I told her I was glad she was there to help connect my transmission back as it was so much easier with two people, even if one was a girl. The last remark got me a grease mark across my cheek. We finished around four and my old Chevy was good to go but we weren't as we both were covered in grease. We used Goop to clean up and then I offered her a shower and a clean pair of my sweats to wear. When she finished her shower, I took mine as she worked on her hair. 

I told her that now we were both clean and I actually had a car that ran again we could go do something. She grinned at me and said there was something she had always wanted to do since she was a teenager. I asked her what and she said,

"Well technically this is now our third date and I've always wanted to make love in the backseat of a '56 Chevy."

I took her hand and led her back to the garage.