 Cassie was a stunning woman. She was tall, green-eyed angel with wavy auburn hair that came to below her shoulders. She had legs that went on forever and a set of 36C boobs that seemed to defy gravity. She was picture perfect and had a personality that absolutely complemented her looks. She was the heart and soul of every party. She was married to an electrical engineer and I'm sure he has no idea how lucky he was to have her! She absolutely adored him, but unlike her, he was a loner who did not have many friends. Personally, I think John is a bit of an asshole and no, it has nothing to do with jealousy.

We were both teachers at the same school and, as she did not live very far from me, I picked her up on my way to school in the mornings and dropped her off at her place after school. We were extremely good friends and could talk openly about anything. Whenever she was happy or unhappy about something, I would be the first to know.

One Friday morning, school came out early and we were driving to Cassie's house to drop her off. It was one of those perfect late spring days. Not a cloud in the sky and absolutely no wind. It was hot and the smell of peach blossoms hung in the air.

"So what are you going to do with yourself this morning?" I asked.

"I honestly do not know!" she said. "I forgot that school was coming out early today and have nothing planned. John is busy wiring a new building and won't be home till this afternoon. How about you?"

"I have some time on my hands and seeing that it is such an awesome day, I think I'll go for a swim in the river." I said. "Care to join me...?"

"Ooh, I don't know about that." she said. "What if someone sees us? You know how easily people talk in these small towns. Where exactly are you going?"

"Oh, I know of this perfect place. It's just out of town, on a friend's farm. They are away for the weekend, but he does not mind me going there for a swim. It is absolutely private, surrounded by trees and the sand on the river bank is as white as on the beach. The water is crystal clear and there is even a medium sized waterfall. A trout fisherman's paradise!" I tempted.

"Sounds fantastic! But I don't think it would be a good idea. Maybe you should go on your own." she replied.

"Tell you what." I said. "Let's drive there quickly and I'll show you. If you don't like it , I'll take you home."

"What about swimming gear?" she enquired.

"Oh, when I go there on my own, I usually skinny dip." I replied. But let me show you first. If you like it we can quickly drive back into town to pick up the swimming gear. We could also get some drinks and snacks while we're at it and have a picnic. What do you say? Come on, be a devil!"

"What the hell! Let's go check it out. But there's no way I'm skinny dipping with you, OK?" she said.

This was good enough for me. We drove there and when we got there Cassie was like a little kid!

"This is unbelievable!" she shouted. "Who'd ever have thought that paradise could be so close to our town? Just look at the waterfall! And we even have our own little island!" she said pointing at a huge rock in the middle of the river.

"Glad you like it!" I said. "Does this mean you will join me?"

"It sure looks inviting!" she said as she took of her shoes and walked ankle deep into the water. 

"Let's go get our swimming gear! Even though it seems like a crime to leave this place..." she said.

"Exactly why I thought I'd send you back to town to do the honors, while I take a dip." I teased. "The keys are in the pickup."

"Dream on!" she said. "You're coming with!"

"Do we really have to go back into town?" I asked. "It seems like such a waste of time!"

"You're right." she said. "But what can we do? There's absolutely no way I'm skinny dipping with you. And swimming in this dress, would not only look ridiculous – it would be downright impossible!"

She was wearing a stunning blue and yellow summer dress that really complemented her figure, but she was right – swimming in it would be ridiculous.

"Well, I have no problem swimming in my undies." I said. "How about you?"

"Out of the question." she said. "I'm not a prude, but I could never do that!"

"OK, would you mind if I had a quick dip before we go? I'm hot and it would be really nice if I could cool off." I said.

"You mean you are going to swim in you undies?" she asked.

"Sure!" I said. "And you be a good girl and look the other way until I'm in the water, OK?"

"OK, if you insist. But be quick!" she said and turned her back. 

I walked to the edge of the water, took off all my clothes and dived in. The water was cool and very refreshing. I broke the surface and looked at Cassie, who was still standing with her back to the water.

"It's OK, you can turn around now! " I called. She turned around and walked up to the water. She sat down on a rock with her feet in the water.

I swam closer to her. 

"Do we really have to go into town to get your things?" I asked.

"Well, I would love a swim and wouldn't like to drive into town alone in your vehicle..." she said.

"Why not do what I'm doing? Swim in your undies!" I proposed.

"I don't know..." she said, and I can see that she was in two minds.

"I'll be the perfect gentleman and look the other way until you're in the water." I encouraged.

She pondered my suggestion for a moment. "OK, I'll do it. But first I'll have to tie up my hair. I do not want to get it wet. If John knew what I was doing, innocent as it is, he'd freak! Where can I find an elastic band or something?"

"I have some in my briefcase in the pickup" I said. 

She went to the vehicle, got an elastic band and did up her hair. Somehow it made her look very, very sexy. She walked up to the water.

"OK, turn around and no peeking! I'll tell you when I'm ready." she said.

I felt my dick stir at the prospect of having her in her undies in the water with me. I turned around, facing away from her. It was quiet for a few moments, then I heard water splashing.

"OK, I'm ready! You can turn around now!" she shouted.

I turned around and there she was, up to her neck in the water.

"Water's lovely, huh?" I called.

"Gee, it's fantastic! This must be the best kept secret in town! I wonder if your friend would mind if I brought John here sometime." 

"Just say when." I said "I'm sure that can be arranged."

She swam around for a while, keeping her distance from me. The sight of her bra straps and white panties under the water made my dick stir again. I took my dick in my hand and started stroking it under the water. Soon it was hard as a rock!

She entered shallower water and huddled down to keep her body under water and away from my view. Suddenly she stumbled over an underwater rock. In an attempt to regain her balance, she stood up. Was that a sight for sore eyes! The skimpy material of her bra became totally transparent when wet and her hard nipples were clearly visible through the fabric. The wet garment also did not lend much support (not that she needed much!) and her boobs swayed and bobbed around as she tried to steady herself. Eventually she regained her balance and realized that she was exposed. She quickly crossed her arms over her breasts and squatted down in the shallow water.

"Careful!" I teased. This little episode made my dick as hard as rock!

She ignored me and waded into deeper water.

"I have a confession to make!" I shouted at her.

"And what would that be?" she asked with a puzzled look on her face. 

"I'm skinny dipping! I left my undies with my clothes." I said.

"Come off it!" she said. "I don't believe you!"

"Well, see for yourself!" I called and with that I dived under the water with my naked butt sticking out of the water.

"You pig! And to think I trusted you..!?" she said with a surprised look on her face. But her smile told me that she did not really mind. "How can you do that to me?"

"I'm sorry, but there was no way I was going back into town with wet clothes. How would I explain that?" I said.

"Shit, I didn't think of that!" she squealed. "What am I going to do? My undies are already wet and getting home with wet clothes would be begging for trouble! John would never understand."

"Well, if you put your undies on that rock in the middle of the river, I'm sure it will dry in no time. The rock must be quite warm as it's been baking in the sun all morning. But you'd better do it soon!" I suggested.

She gave me this horrified look and pondered my suggestion. Then, realizing that she had no choice, she reluctantly swam to the rock. She reached behind her and undid her bra. She let it drop of her shoulders and then reached under the water to take off her panties. She had to get up out of the water to reach the rock and did not mind doing so, as she was standing with her back towards me. As she reached up to lay the garments on the warm stone surface, the sides of her breasts became clearly visible, but she obviously was not aware of it. My hard cock was testimony to the fact that I thoroughly enjoyed the show! She finally slid back into the water and turned to face me with only her head above the water.

"There! I hope you're happy now." she said. "Skinny dipping, we are! But don't you dare come near me, OK?!"

"Promise!" I shouted and swam towards her. She shrieked and swam away. "OK, just kidding!" I said. 

I was now at the rock where her undies was drying in the sun. "Sexy undies!" I called and lifted her white high cut lacy panties for her to see.

"Ooh, you're evil!" she shouted and swam up to grab the panties from my hand. Of course I made her struggle for it and inevitably our bodies came into contact. I could clearly feel her naked breasts against my side, but she did not seem to mind or she did not notice. All she could think of was getting her panties out of my hand and back on the rock. She grabbed the panties from me and spread them on the rock again. This time the tops of her breasts were clearly visible above the water and I could even make out her nipples under the water. "You're a very naughty man!" she said and pushed me away. 

I was tempted to grab her arm and pull her towards me, but wisely decided to give her time to get used to her nakedness. We chatted about this and that while she was treading water not more than a yard away from me. 

All of a sudden she leaped on top of me, clinging to me for dear life, shouting "Help! Help! Snake! Snake!" I looked around us in the water for the snake and then I saw it! The 'snake' was merely a twig that was floating in the water. The water carried it against her back and when it lightly scratched her shoulder, she was convinced that she had been bitten by a snake!

I could not believe my luck! Because of the 'snake', Cassie was clinging to me with her naked body against mine, her arms and legs wrapped around me. This caused those luscious breasts to press into my chest and her naked pussy was resting on the shaft of my hard cock! I put my one hand around her and my other on her naked butt to support her. She was very upset and a little tearful so I held her close, with her head on my shoulder and explained that it was only a twig. I lifted her head and kissed her lightly one the lips. She sudden realized that we were both naked and I'm sure she felt my hard cock under her naked pussy, because she suddenly pulled away. Not wanting to take advantage of the situation, I let her go.

She swam to the rock in the middle of the river and I could see that she was still very shaken. I swam up to her and put my hand on her shoulder to console her.

"I'm sorry, I'm just being stupid" she said.

"Don't worry." I said. "You got a hell of a fright. Your reaction is perfectly normal." I pulled her closer and put my arm around her shoulder. She leaned against me and put her head on my shoulder."

"I'm really such a baby!" she said. "Please forgive me for being such a wimp."

I took her head between my hands, wanting to give her a light peck on the forehead. She lifted her head, so I kissed her lightly on the mouth. She smiled at me. "Thanks for being such a darling." she said. She put her arm around my waist and gave me a light hug. Her boob pressed into my ribcage and involuntarily my cock jumped to attention again. She kissed me on the cheek and swam away. I could see that she was OK.

I swam after her and dunked her head under the water. She shrieked, chased me, (of course I was in no hurry to get away from her!) and tried to do the same to me. The water was shallow enough for me to stand so I grabbed her and picked her up in my arms. She kicked furiously with her legs, making no attempt to get away from me. I carried her to shallower waters until her breasts became visible above the water. The sight of her magnificent breasts almost made me come right there in the water. They were firm and full, lily white with big light pink nipples and stood away from her body, defying gravity even as she lay on her back in my arms. She realized that her breasts were no longer hidden from my view and quickly covered them with one arm while the other was around my neck. 

"Please put me down." she said. I could see that she was uncomfortable with the situation and I let her slip to her feet. She stood in front of me, covering her ample breasts with her arms. "I'll race you to the rock!" she said in an attempt to defuse the tense situation and started swimming away from me. I chased her and caught her around the waist just before she reached the rock. 

"To the victor go the spoils!" I exclaimed as I started tickling her sides. She shrieked with laughter and fought and kicked and eventually ended up with her arms around my neck and her legs around my waist. I put my hands on her butt and positioned her back against the rock. I lightly humped at her pussy with my hard dick and could feel her stiffen as my dick touched her pussy.

"Please... Please don't do this. I cannot do this to John..." I was beyond the point of no return and increased my humping at her pussy. I could feel the head of my cock finding her slit and sliding up and down it until it found the entrance to her womanhood. I started pushing and felt her pussy lips part to give access to my dick. "Please...! No!!!" she cried. She suddenly moved her hand down to her pussy, and grabbed my dick as I was entering her. She pulled it away from her pussy. "Please... Please understand." she said. She held my dick in her hand, probably worried that it would find its way back to her cunt if she let go. I lifted her ass until her breasts were above the water. This time she could do little to cover them, as her one hand was around my neck and the other was holding my dick. I lowered my head to her left breast and took her pink nipple into my mouth. I started nibbling on it. She moved the hand that was around my neck to the back of my head, pulling it to her breast. Her hand that was holding my dick started to lightly pump it. Her breathing became ragged as I continued to suck her nipple. 

I let go of her nipple and raised my head. I looked down at her face, which was very flushed, bent down and kissed her on the mouth. She kissed me back and when I tried to slip my tongue into her mouth, her lips parted and she sucked it into her mouth. I moved my hand from her butt to her pussy. She did not object. I stroked her pussy and was pleasantly surprised to find that it was clean shaven! I parted her cunt lips with my fingers and then slid my middle finger all the way into her slick cunt. She groaned and her stroking on my cock picked up. I moved my hips forward to get it near her pussy again. This time she guided it to her pussy. I removed my finger from her cunt and opened the petals her pussy to accept the head of my dick as she was drawing it into her cunt. I felt the head of my dick finding her hole. I put both hands on her butt and pushed forward, pulling her towards me. I'll never forget the glorious sensation as my dick entered the soft, warm, slippery folds of her cunt. I pushed until my balls pressed against her asshole. My dick was completely buried in her cunt. She let go of my dick and put both arms around my neck, kissing me passionately.

"Oh God! What are we doing...?!" she groaned into my ear, as I started pushing in and out of her. I started fucking her in earnest, while she met all my thrusts with vigor. I felt the tension of my orgasm beginning to build and pulled my dick out of her pussy. She gave me a puzzled and disappointed look. "What's wrong?" she asked.

"Come!" I said as I climbed onto the rock, pulling her up along with me. This was the first time I saw her completely naked. Her full breasts swayed as she climbed onto the rock, her nipples hard from the cold water and the excitement of the moment. I lay down on my back on a flat portion of the rock and pulled her down with me. Her pink, hairless slit looked inviting and I pulled it down onto my face. She was squatting over me as I started lapping up her juices from her overflowing cunt. Her hips jerked as my tongue touched her clit. She tasted as sweet as honey! She leaned forward and started stroking my cock again. Then I felt a warm wetness engulf my cock! She was blowing me! I started to fuck deep into her mouth in this sixty nine position with her on top, while sticking my tongue all the way up her pussy. I knew I was not going to last long and reluctantly pulled my dick out of her mouth. 

I then turned her around so that she squatted over my dick, facing me. Those full firm tits hung in front of me like giant water drops. I grabbed them and started sucking on them as she lowered herself onto my dick, guiding it into her slick love channel. I felt her pussy lips give way as I glided into her slippery folds. She started fucking me passionately as I thrust up into her cunt. I could feel her juices flow down my cock and onto my balls. Her breathing became heavier as the rhythm of her thighs started to pick up on my dick. Then she started quivering and her hips started bucking. She collapsed on top of me, shuddering in the throes of a mighty orgasm! I grabbed her tightly and pistoned my dick in and out of her pussy until I came! I shot stream after stream of hot cum up that juicy cunt. 

We just lay like that with her on top of me until my dick went soft inside her pussy. Nobody said a word. Eventually, she lifted herself off me, saying "Time to go..."

She stood over me, cum flowing freely from her pink, shaven pussy. She bent down and pulled me to my feet. We embraced and shared a deep passionate kiss. Then she bent down to pick up her bra and panties, which were pretty dry by then. She got into the water, wading to the river bank, holding her underwear over her head so that it would not get wet again. I followed her and when we got to the river bank, we were of course wet from head to toe. We did not have towels to dry off with, so getting dressed was out of the question.

"Well, we'll just have to use the big drier in the sky." I said, pointing at the sun. I pulled her down next to me in the grass. She lay in my arms with her head on my shoulder.

"How can something so wrong, feel so right...?" she said. I did not have an answer, so I just pulled her closer and kissed her. I held her boob in my hand and started tugging on her nipple. She started nibbling on my earlobe and before long, I was hard as a rock again! I could sense that she was also getting excited all over again, as she put her leg over mine and started mashing her cum-drenched cunt against my thigh. Her fingers moved down my stomach until it found my hard dick. She started stroking it and then moved her head down. Again that luscious mouth engulfed the head of my dick and her head started bobbing up and down on it. I fucked her mouth with gusto until I felt that familiar tingling in my balls again. I pulled her off me and rolled her over onto her back. I got on top of her and as if with a mind of its own my dick found her slick pussy without any help from me or her. I pushed forward and glided all the way into her cunt with ease. I fucked her hard, while kissing her passionately and pinching her nipples between my fingers. She met my every thrust and then threw her arms around me, her nails eating into my back as she exploded into yet another orgasm. Her hips bucked and I had a hard time keeping my dick inside her. I pushed her down hard and with a few hard strokes splashed the walls of her cunt with load after load of hot cum again. Then I collapsed on top of her. We were both totally spent and just lay like that until we were dry enough to get dressed.
