 That night I woke up several times in fits and sweats. Aaron was dead asleep next to me, content knowing that I got stuck in a line at the checkout counter because an old lady was confused. Now I am a liar. 

 I got out of bed, went to the bathroom and washed my face. Looking in the mirror and thought back on what had happened. Part of me wondered if the whole thing wasn't just one big nightmare. Maybe I did just drive home, go to the store and fell asleep. Maybe none of that happened. 

 I walked back into the bedroom and saw my phone notification light flashing. My heart skipped a beat. Am I scared? I snatched it up and took it out to the living room. I had a text from an unknown number. 

 Tears welled up in my eyes. I knew who it was.

 I tapped the message: "More?"

 My hands shook and put the phone down. What does that mean? I looked back at the phone. "I should just block you," I said to it as if he could hear me. 

 My heart was pounding. Why? I picked up the phone and typed: "???"

 I stared at the message and waited. 

 "Outside. Now."

 "Oh no..." I whispered. I looked back toward the bedroom. Aaron was still sleeping. I looked out the front windows and I saw it. The same car sitting across the street with a figure in the driver seat. 

 My phone went off again.

 "Now."

 My hands were shaking. I put on a sweatshirt, some flip flops and went outside. It was cold. I looked around. Everything was quiet. Still. What the hell am I doing? I looked at the car and saw him. He looked at me and waited. There was someone else in the back of his SUV.

 I crossed the road and walked to the car. His window was down and he watched me coldly as I approached. He gestured with his head that I get in the backseat. I looked back at my house. Something in me. Deep down. In my gut urged me to get in the car. I was on a ledge. 

 "Hurry," the man whipered angrily. 

 I got in the car and sat down. As soon as I closed the door we were driving. Next to me was a man in his late thirties. He looked tired, kind and a bit nervous. He was breathing quickly and he glanced at me then up at the driver. 

 "Tori," the driver said sternly. "Suck his cock."

 I was shocked. I froze. 

 The driver nodded to the man next to me. "Get your cock out for her."

 The man next to me fiddled with his belt and took down his pants. I looked at him then down at his dick. He was semi hard. 

 My heart was pounding in my ears. What am I doing here? What is happening? This isn't real. This isn't what I am. I kept looking at it and I felt butterflies in my stomach. I looked around, out the window. We were driving somewhere. I looked at the driver. His deep green eyes met mine. He stared back firmly, as if he could make me do anything with that look. 

 My hand was on the passenger's dick. It feels good. What am I thinking? I was holding it now. It felt so natural. Am I going to do this?

 I leaned over and took it in my mouth. It was warm, soft and a bit salty. I felt his hand on my head pushing me down on it. I complied until it was all in. I massaged it with my tongue and I felt him respond. I loved that. I loved it when they got hard. I moved my head up then took it all in again. It was harder. I began to take it in and out of my mouth as he kept his hand in my hair. Each time he was harder and more rigid. Soon he was completely erect and I sucked and massaged. I felt the cock head in my mouth and I started to suck on it. 

 There was something about it. This. My mind went...somewhere. I knew how to suck Aaron's dick, but this was different. This wasn't Aaron. This was different. 

 I started sucking harder on the tip, loving how it was swelling in my mouth and I could tell it felt good for him. He held my hair in his hand. He started guiding me up and down on him. Then holding my head down with it deeper in my mouth. I gagged a little. But I was hungry for it now. 

 "Oh yes..." he said in a thick whisper as I let it out of my mouth and kissed the shaft. I sucked on the shaft, nibbled at the soft skin on the side. It felt so good in my mouth. I wanted it. I wasn't restrained. I was me. 

 He held his dick and slapped my lips with it. Playfully and I licked and kissed at it. 

 "Hold your face still honey," he said to me in a lust-filled whisper.

 I looked up at him as he slapped his wet, hard cock against my cheek and mouth. Our eyes met as he did it, his cock blocking my view each time he slapped me with it. 

 He pushed it back in my mouth and groaned loudly as I took it in. He started to thrust into my mouth as best as he could, holding my head with his hands. I knew it was coming. I wanted it. 

 "Oh shit!" he called out as my mouth filled with the warm salt of his cum. More than I was expecting. I swallowed some, but most ran out of my mouth and all over his shaft. He kept pumping so i sucked and swallowed what I could. 

 Then it was over. He pulled out of my mouth and I sat up, leaning against the passenger window. Splotches of cum was on my chin, neck and shirt. 

 What did I just do? What just happened?

 My heart sank. I was shaking. I couldn't look at the man that I had just cheated with. That's what I did. I cheated.

 Aaron...I am sorry. I don't know what I am.

 I stared out the window, afraid to move. The car stopped and the man beside me opened his door. "Um," he started, "Thank you." Then he was gone. 

 I looked at him as he left and on his seat was a crinkled wad of money. What the hell?

 The car started again. "Take it," the driver said. 

 I reached over and grabbed the cash. There was $100 in twenties. What have I done?

 "$60 of that is mine," the driver said. 

 I tossed the money on the seat and looked at him defiantly. "No," I said.

 He laughed, "No? Yes to sucking a strangers cock, but no to any money?" 

 "What do you want from me?" I asked him looking out the window. "You already...took everything...what do you want from me?" 

 "Right now, i want you to get in the front seat so I can keep my eyes on the road," He said pulling the car over to the side of the road.

 I looked out the window. I had no Idea where we were. I could run. I looked around. Just empty road. I could run but to where.

 I climbed out of the car and got in the front seat. I closed the door defiantly put on my seatbelt and crossed my arms.

 He got back on the road and kept driving.

 "Where are we going?" I asked. "I need to get back home before..."

 "...Aron finds out what you have been doing?" He cut me off.

 "How do you know...?"

 "Don't underestimate me. That is the first rule," he said. 

 He was stalking me. What am I going to do? "What do you want from me?" I asked again, while my mind raced.

 "I want you to be who you are," he replied evenly.

 Who I am? A youth group leader and a wife and...

 "Not your bullshit day job and life," he said as if he could read my thoughts. "The real you."

 "What are you talking about? Look you need to seriously take me home right now. I...am sorry, I don't know what you think is happening or what you think I am but this needs to stop right now," I started to raise my voice. 

 "I saw you in the store tonight," he said. "I saw you lost in thought wandering and I am gonna help you."

 "Help me?" I felt myself getting very angry. "Help me?! Oh you mean by raping me on the side of the road and then kidnapping me at night and making me...making me do..." I broke down.

 "Tell yourself what you want to," he glanced at me. "But you came on my cock. Like you never have before and when I saw you sucking his dick back there I knew I was right about you."

 "What are you right about?" I asked through tears.

 "You haven't been getting what you need," he replied. 

 "What the hell are you talking about?" I shouted. "You don't know me. You don't know ANYTHING about me. You have made me do this and this is gonna stop right now! Take me home right now!"

 He was quiet for a moment. That just made me angrier. 

 "Seriously, take me home right now or..."

 "I will make you a deal," he said cutting me off. He had this way of talking. Confident. Straight forward. 

 "I am listening," I said. My heart sped up a bit. I am gonna get out of this whatever it takes.

 He turned right on the next road and after a very quiet minute pulled over. He turned and looked at me. "It is pretty simple," he said looking me over. 

 Creeper.

"All you have to do is make me cum," he said plainly. "Make me cum and I will take you home and you won't have to think about me or this ever again. We can act like this is one big nightmare that you just woke up from."

 "You are a pig," I replied. 

 "Think what you want, but the way out of this is through my cock," he said firmly.

 "I am not some whore that..."

 "Not long ago you sucked off a stranger for money, his cum is still on your shirt," he reached over and touch my chest with his finger.

 I opened my mouth to say something. Something mean. But I couldn't. He is right. 

 "Besides," he said, "I have this in case you forgot." He held up his cell phone to me. In horror I saw myself sucking on the stranger. I watched as he came and my head came up, my face visible. "I can think of a few people that might find this a bit disconcerting."

 "You jerk," I said. "If I do this...what you say, then you delete that video and leave me alone for good. Is that understood?"

 "Of course," he said putting his phone back into his pocket. "So we have a deal?"

 I closed my eyes. Do I have a choice? I opened them again and nodded, "Yes."

 He removed his seatbelt and pushed his chair back. 

 I looked at him. His piercing eyes, handsome face, strong jaw, thick shoulders...I would have thought this guy was hot if I saw him on the street. But now I hated him.

 I slid my hand up onto his thigh. I took a deep breath. My pulse quickened. Just need to get this over with. I slid up to his crotch and felt for him. He wasn't hard, so it took a few seconds but I found him. He was big. Bigger than I remembered. 

 I started to rub his crotch and I slid closer to him.

 "Take your shirt off," he said firmly. 

 I swallowed down a complaint. Just get through this. I pulled my shirt off over my head. I wasn't wearing a bar, so i was now half naked. He looked at my chest and I felt him getting harder as I grabbed for him again. He was looking at my boobs now and he slid a hand up to clutch one. I wanted to back away at his touch, then he gripped my right breast. His hand was so powerful and i felt...good. A tinge ran through me.

 He was getting harder and my chest was hot from his touch. 

 I looked into his eyes, "You like those don't you?" I blurted. I couldn't help it. 

 He reached over with his other hand and grabbed my other breast. He squeezed them both and ran his thumbs over my nipples.

 I gasped. I licked my lips and took a deep breath. My heart was beating faster. My hands ran down his thigh, then I fiddled with his pants. He felt huge. I wanted to see it. I wanted to see what he used on me. 

 I yanked his pants down and his dick jumped up at me. It was solid, thick and almost a perfectly straight 9 or 10 inches. It was something beautiful to behold. I stared at it as he kept teasing my nipples. He used THAT on me? Something stirred in my guts. Warmth ran through me, like hot soup through my insides. I wanted to keep hating him, but I didn't in that moment. I wanted to hate him so much, but another want was overpowering me.

 Suddenly he grabbed me firmly by the hair and pulled my face down toward his gorgeous penis. I barely had time to open my mouth before the tip was rammed in. I tried to suck, but he forced my head down hard until the fat meaty head was against the back of my mouth. I gagged on it and tried to pull back, but he held me firmly.

 "Don't fight me Tori, you said you would make me cum," he barked. 

 I gagged again on it as he thrust up and pulled my head down at the same time. For a long moment it was stuck in the back of my mouth, then it pressed down into my throat. My throat burned and I gagged hard, but against the thick shaft of his dick. I couldn't breathe and I started to panic as I knew he was literally choking me with how big he was.

 "Ah...yes..." he groaned as I gagged and coughed on him.

 I shook and panicked as he held me there with his powerful hands. Finally he yanked out of my throat and I coughed loudly, drool running out of my mouth. He held me by the hair and yanked my head back. 

 "Look at my cock!" he snarled at me. I looked at it through tears. It was slimy with my spit and larger than before. The tip was a perfect mushroom and I saw smears of white on the end. It was perfect. I hated it. I loved it. "This cock owns you," he said loudly then he rammed it back into my mouth again. He roughly thrusted as I coughed, gagged and choked. "Give it up Tori!" he shouted. "Stop fucking trying you slut." 

He forced it into my throat and I thought he was in my stomach. I couldn't breathe. I couldn't do anything. He is going to kill me. I tried to be calm. Through squinted eyes I saw the skin on his belly and I felt his balls close to my chin. I couldn't fight it. My head started to spin and things were getting blurry. I could feel it in my neck. All i could taste, feel, hear and breathe in was cock. My arms went limp and I had no fight left. He was using my face, throat, hair and neck to get deeper down into me. 

 I was giving up. My vision was blurring and I felt far away. Like I was losing me. All I could hear was his dick driving down my throat relentlessly. I was being used.

 Suddenly he yanked my head back hard. His spit covered cock fell out of my mouth as he yanked my head back as far as he could. 

 "Take your pants off," he ordered. 

 I complied, fumbling my pajama pants down. My hands were shaking and I knew I was crying.

 "Get in the backseat," he said letting go of my hair.

 I got out of the car and stumbled to the backdoor. I realized suddenly that I was wet. No, I was so wet it was running down my legs. My thighs were slippery. My body was burning up too. I opened the door and saw him getting in on the other side. More specifically I saw that gorgeous dick. I wanted it. I wanted him to...

 He grabbed my hair again and forced my mouth back on his dick. He thrust into my mouth hard. I felt my boobs flopping and my thighs shaking as he thrust, then forced his way into my throat again. I took it. He could do anything to me.

 He pulled out of my mouth then held my face in his hand, "Turn around," he ordered.

 I turned around as best as I could in that cramped space. Almost as soon as I was turned his hands were on my hips and he drove that big cock into me. I cried out loudly and almost screamed. It felt so good. I held onto the seat as he pumped me harder and harder from behind. He smacked my ass hard with his hand and drove into me.

 "This is what you are for, slut!" he grunted. "Every fuckingday, you think about this. You think about how much you need this!" He thrust far into me with his last statement and I came. My whole body came and I cried out as I writhed against him. He thrust into me again and again and I came again. Harder. My knees gave out and I fell forward. 

 He pulled me back toward him, rolled me over roughly and straddled my chest. His big dick was covered with my juice and dangling in front of my face. 

 "Look at me!" he shouted.

 I looked at him, his dick mostly blocking my view. 

 "You need to remember this," he said as he stroked himself. "Open your fucking mouth." He stroked faster and then he started cumming. It shot out thickly, the first few hitting my lips, teeth and tongue. The next spurts went on my cheeks, forehead and in my hair. It felt like it kept cumming and it was everywhere. Finally he pressed into my mouth and held it there as he stroked the rest out.

 I lay still, the warm salt of his cum filling my mouth. My stomach hurt. I realized that I had cum with him and I was hurting as muscles I didn't even know I had were working over time. 

 He began to soften in my mouth and slowly pulled away from me. He climbed out of the car and got back into the front seat and got his pants back on. 

 I lay there as he started the car. "I am taking you home now," he said. 

 I sat up and wiped as much of his cum off my face as I could. I was free. We were done. I got dressed as best as I could and stayed in the backseat. I couldn't think about what had happened. I couldn't. It didn't matter. It was almost over. I just needed to get home.

 He turned on my street as the sun was starting to come up. When the car stopped I looked up at him. "So we have a deal right?" I asked.

 "Yes we do," he replied. "You keep my number though. Just in case."

 I looked at my phone and saw his last text. My finger slid over to delete it, but I stopped. "I am gonna delete you." I said.

 "Your choice," he said. He tossed a couple twenty dollar bills at me. "You need to keep this though, just to remember what you did slut." 

 I held the money in one hand then got out of the car. I walked across the street, pocketed the money and refused to turn as I heard him drive away. Before I went inside I looked at my phone. I hadn't deleted his number yet. I won't delete it now. I will later.

 With that I walked inside.