 "Where were you?" Aaron asked from his seat on the couch.

I almost jumped from being startled. "Um...well, good morning!" I blurted. My mind raced. Oh no. He knows. Of course he does. Why did I think that I could just disappear and show up again. He knows me so well. 

My phone buzzed and I looked down at it. I need to delete this number. 

"Good morning!" Aaron said with a smile. "I rolled over and you were gone. Everything ok?" He looked at my phone.

"Yes," I said, "Sorry I got a call from my mom."

"At like 5 in the morning?" He replied with a more concerned look. "Is everything ok?"

The notification on my phone was from Aaron. Oh no. I was too...busy to see. Oh no. "Yes, everything is fine. She was just up and wanted to talk. You know how she can be." I walked over to the kitchen and got out my coffee cup. "It was so early I didn't want to wake you."

"She need your advice on gardening supplies again?" Aaron asked with a laugh.

I took a deep breath and kept my back to him. I had cum on my shirt. My heart started pounding. "Yeah or something," I poured some coffee and took a drink. I can still taste it. I took a breath again and was careful to hold the cup close to my face, "Honestly, I don't really remember as I was so tired. Once I knew it wasn't life or death I just played along."

Aaron smiled and looked at his phone. "You are nicer than me, love." 

I walked past him toward the bathroom. "I really need to take a shower."

"Ok," Aaron replied absently as he look through his latest posts.

I slid into the bathroom and locked the door. I felt tears running down my cheeks. I am a liar. 

I turned on the water and got in as quickly as possible-hoping the sound of the water would drown out my sobs.

----------------

"Mmm yes," Aaron said as he thrust into me from behind. His hands were gently on my hips as he pushed into me and i did my best to make the right sounds at the right time. The truth was, our scheduled date night had gone really well. It was fun, he was sweet and I loved him. Up until this moment our sex had always been good, no, adequate. I usually enjoyed it.

But now, as he was ramming into me in his gentle fashion I wasn't feeling that much.

"Yes, yes..." he groaned as he pulled out of me then pushed back in. 

I clutched the pillow and tried to focus as he thrust. In, out, in out...Suddenly I saw him in my mind. More accurately, I saw his green eyes and then his cock in front of me. I heard his voice as if he was shouting at me from outside, "Everyday think about this. How much you need this." It felt good to think about it. To think about him. It felt good to think about him fucking me. He didn't make love to me like Aaron, no, he used me. He used my body to make his cock cum. I made that gorgeous cock cum.

There was something about that thought that made me feel...hungry. In the pit of my stomach I wanted it. 

"Yes, like that!" Aaron blurted loudly. I realized that I was pushing back on him. I was really wet now and as I thought about the man in the car, I was connecting better with Aaron. It felt good. Really good. I closed my eyes and thought about him more. How he held me down and fucked me. I pictured him ramming that big cock into my mouth and down my throat. I thought about choking on it. He wasn't gentle. He didn't wait for my breath. He fucked my mouth. 

"Oh my...I am gonna cum soon..." Aaron called out.

I pictured the other man in the car. The quiet one. The one that paid for me to suck him. I could almost taste his cum now. How desperate he was to be there and I was there to suck him. He paid for my mouth. He used my mouth. I could almost feel him pushing on my head, making me get in the rhythm he wanted. I wanted to taste that again. To feel that again.

"YES!!" Aaron called out as he started cumming. 

I opened my eyes and stared ahead as he bucked and thrusted into me. I bit my lip. "Mmm yes honey," I managed. Back to reality.

We got resituated and in bed together. I could tell Aaron was feeling good and that made me happy. His happiness and satisfaction was very important to me. That said, within minutes he was asleep next to me. 

I lay still for a while just staring at the ceiling. Normally I could go right to sleep, but not now. My mind was racing. Everyone had fantasies of course, but that was just it-they were fantasies. I was thinking about things that had actually happened. Things that made me feel bad and dirty and ashamed and yet...excited. This was followed by the deflating reality that it could never happen again. I couldn't do it again. I couldn't be seriously thinking about this? I was raped on the side of the road and made into a prostitute. There was nothing about those things that I wanted. Was there? 

It didn't matter. He was gone. He held his end of the bargain up and hadn't contacted me again. I closed my eyes and suddenly my mind was filled with an image I had been trying to forget: his big, straight, hard perfect cock. It made me warm to think about it. Guilty too. Violated. Hungry. Too bad it was gone. Never again...

My eyes snapped open and I sat up. I had never deleted his number from my phone. I picked up my phone from the nightstand and filtered through my texts. My heart raced as I looked. What did it start with again? A panic started to build up. Shit. Did I delete it? 

I got out of bed and went out to the living room then sat down. I scrolled through the numbers. I had so many random texts from the groups at church I had no idea what his number was. Then I saw it: "More?"

I tapped the message. What am I doing? My hands were shaking. What do I write? Shit. Shit.

"Hello." I typed and then sent. I texted so fast now that I sent it before i could think about it. A new panic started to fill me. No it was a horror. What was I doing? How could I be doing this? I looked back toward my bedroom. What about Aaron? What about the church? What about...?

"Outside in 15 minutes." I looked at the message and my heart jumped. Things went blank for a moment. I just looked at the turned off TV. It was time to do something. I knew what I should do, but I knew what I needed to do. I needed to do it for me. I needed to feel. I looked back at the bedroom where Aaron slept, oblivious and happy. I looked at the front door. But I wasn't happy. Not anymore. 

"Fuck it," I said finally.

I got up slipped into the room and threw on some jeans and a t-shirt, tied my hair back in a pony then left. 

My heart was pounding. 

Almost as soon as I closed the door, the car turned onto my street and pulled up the the curb. I walked over nervously and saw him. He gestured toward the backseat and so I went there first. I pulled open the door and was surprised to see another man sitting in the back. He was older, well dressed and very professional looking. He glanced at me nervously as I got in. 

As soon as I closed the door we were off. I clasped my hands together and tried to lean back nonchalantly. What am I doing here? 

"Tori, take care of his cock," the driver said. 

I took a deep breath. 

"Um," the man beside me said nervously, "Should I wear a condom or..."

"No," the driver said, "You can cum all over her. She loves it."

The gentleman started to fiddle with his zipper. Leaned over his lap and waited. My hands were shaking and I gripped the seat to keep them steady. As soon as he pulled his pants down, his hard dick flapped up at me and my mouth was on it. I took it all the way down and held it there. He wasn't very big and I felt like I could swallow the whole thing down. 

"Oh my gosh..." the man blurted.

This got me even more excited. I started sucking him. I took him out of my mouth and licked over his shaft. I wanted it. I pushed it back to his belly and started licking his balls.

"Yes...yes..." he groaned.

I started to suck on his sack and stroked his dick fast. It tasted so good. I was so wet. I was hungry.

"Oh shit...oh shit...oh shit!"

I let his sack out of my mouth and went back toward his cock. Suddenly my face was covered by hot goo as he started cumming. I could barely get my mouth on it before he was finished. I took the tip in and sucked as he gripped my hair. Then it was over.

I sat up and wiped cum off my chin and lips. It was warm, salty and a bit sweet. It tasted good. My heart was pounding as I looked at the man. He looked tired and he was already growing soft. I could sense some guilt in the awkward way he glanced back at me as he worked to get his pants back on. 

"You can let me out just up here," he said suddenly, looking up at the driver. 

The car jerked over to the side of the road and came to an abrupt stop. The door was open as soon as we stopped and the man got out. He dropped some bills on the seat and walked away quickly, closing the door behind him. Almost instantly we were off again, leaving him on the side of the road behind us. Still refusing to look back at me. 

I leaned back in the seat and looked back out the window. A pit was forming in my stomach. Maybe it was always there and I was just avoiding it-pusing it away. What am I doing? 

"Pick up the money," the driver said sternly. "We don't want the next one to see it and get spooked. Worse yet, they may see it, grab it and run."

I took the cash. $140. For two minutes. 

"Hand it up to me," the driver said.

I obeyed absently and handed it up to him. "So can I know your name?" I asked, making eye contact with him via the rearview mirror. 

"Jim," he replied.

"Jim," I repeated and looked out the window. Somehow it fit. "Are you surprised that I texted you?" I asked after a few moments.

"No," he answered looking at me via the mirror. "Not one bit."

What did that mean? I opened my mouth to say something when he cut me off.

"You still have cum on your face. Up to you if you want the next one to see it, but make up your mind quick, he is just up there," he gestured with his head.

I ran my hands over my face in reaction and felt the warm goo. It was like a sticky lotion. I wiped it as best as I could and licked my fingers just as the vehicle came to a stop. 

The door beside me opened and a tall man with a long coat stepped in and sat down. He was mid fifties and handsome with streaks of grey underneath thick black hair. His coat was expensive and he wore business attire underneath as if he was just leaving work.

At this hour? Outside my current work at church I was oblivious to what hours other people kept. 

The vehicle lurched forward as Jim stomped on the gas pedal. I braced myself with my arm and waited. 

"This her?" The man asked Jim.

"Yeah," Jim replied his eyes met mine via the rearview mirror. "Tori, show him what a cumslut you are."

Cumslut?

Suddenly the man beside me grabbed my hair and yanked my head down toward his crotch. He gripped my hair so tightly I cried out. He is going to tear my hair out.

With his free hand he yanked down his pants and I was immediately slapped with his huge, fleshy dick. It was enormous, as best as I could tell at least from my vantage point it was at least 12 inches long. He yanked my head back and held it just over his perfectly, slightly bent 12+ inch cock. A chill ran through me as I look at the thick head, just a couple inches from my face. There was no way I could take that whole...

He rammed my head down toward it hard and I opened my mouth for it as best as I could. The head seemed to barely fit in my mouth and I had no time to adjust as it unceremoniously slammed into the back of my mouth. I stared down at the massive amount of dick still out of mouth. My spit ran down the sides as he just kept pressing on the back of my head. I tried to relax and see if somehow it would go further, but I couldn't. I felt tears rolling down my cheeks and drool ran out of my mouth like crazy. My heart started racing with fear. What am I supposed to do? 

The man yanked my head back hard. So hard my head snapped back so I was staring straight up at him. I realized I was crying. 

"I thought you were good at this," he said to me in a harsh whisper. "I thought you loved swallowing cock!" 

I opened my mouth to reply and before I could get out a word he rammed it back into my mouth. It slammed in fast and hit the back of my mouth, causing me to gag.

"Open your fucking throat!" He shouted as he started yanking on my hair, forcing my mouth on his dick up and down. I gagged on it again and again as I started down the massive shaft. He thrusted up as he pulled my head down. Harder and harder until the thick head forced into my closed throat. It was so large, so fast and unexpected that all my body could do was gag on it and swallow. 

The shaft slid in more and more. My throat burned. I couldn't breathe. A panic shot through me as I tried to make a sound. To scream. Nothing.

"Oh...shit..." he groaned loudly. He began to thrust up in quick pumps as his massive cock pressed deep down into my throat. "Yes...baby...yes...yes..."

I was in a panic. I couldn't breathe. I felt like I had a sword being rammed down my mouth. Then I could hear him breathing. His pleasure. I could feel it in his voice. It brought me out of my panic. Something else was happening to me. I could feel his large cock head somewhere in my...neck. I had almost taken all of it. 

"So good, take the whole thing...take the whole fuckng thing..."

I wanted it. I wanted all of it. I wanted him to feel more. I wanted to please him and I was.

I tried to push forward. My eyes were blurry from tears and holding my breath. But I kept trying. I needed to. I needed to take it all.

"Yes," the man blurted. "Down your throat. Down...oh!"

He thrust hard and I felt something in me give. My face pressed against his body. I was impaled by the mouth on his massive dick. 

Held it there for a moment. We were connected. It was a deep connection. I forgot I was holding my breath and just was still-enjoying it. I was full.

Suddenly he yanked my head back until he was all the way out of my mouth. The air hitting my lungs was so suddenly that I gasped out loud and coughed. He looked down at me with softer eyes now. He leaned forward and kissed me gently on the lips. I grabbed his cock with both hands and kept looking at him.

"Your face is getting its color back," he said. 

I was breathing heavily. I had no idea how long I hadn't had oxygen for. My head spun a little, but I kept looking up at him. Something was happening in me. I didn't care about breathing. I was overwhelmed by another emotion. I was overwhelmed with want. I wanted to please him. I wanted to please this cock and I wanted it to cum. More than anything.

"We are going to do that one more time, then I am gonna cum all over you."

I looked up at him through teary eyes and opened my mouth wide.

"Throat fuck her," Jim said.