 Marissa had some downtime at work and was surfing the Internet trying to find a site to help with sales leads when she noticed that her email had a new message waiting. She checked the inbox and discovered that a friend of hers had sent her a link to an erotic story site. She smiled. It had been a while since she'd had the time to flip through such a site and remembered one particular place that had incredibly hot stories... so much so that just reading a couple of paragraphs would make her pussy swell and throb, the wetness seep into her panties, wetting the insides of her thighs. She got up from her desk and went for a cup of coffee, checking to see if anyone was around the office that could interrupt her if she decided to take a few moments to read. She saw Tony over by the copier making copies. She smiled to herself because she had a little crush on him. He was tall, blonde hair cut very short and had one of those body types that make you say "Mmm MMmm" to yourself every time you saw him...wide shoulders tapering into a slim waist and a cocksure attitude. He had a way of looking directly at a person that made her flustered and frustrated at the same time. Marissa considered herself a very confident, intelligent person and wasn't used to feeling self-confident around men, but Tony could make her stammer sometimes and that just pissed her off. For that reason, mostly, she chose to avoid him, just keeping to her office and not socializing like the other women employees.

She headed back to her office feeling excited now that she was going to get to read through some of the stories on the site. She walked into her office and pushed the door closed behind her with the heel of her shoe, sat down at her desk and began to click through the titles seeing if one interested her. She saw one titled "Schoolmaster" and her focused her attention on it. She had a tendency to find the kinds of stories that involved an authority figure and a young woman very erotic. In this story, the young girl had broken several rules and had been sent to the Headmaster's office for punishment. She was a timid girl, easily embarrassed but very lovely with an advanced figure for her tender age of 18. The Headmaster made her stand in front of him while he walked around her in circles, a pointed object in his hand similar to a conductor's lead baton. He looked the girl over from head to toe, his eyes moving very slowly when it reached her breasts causing the poor girl to blush fiercely. When he walked behind her, he lifted the hem of the girl's skirt with the pointed object held in his right hand, catching a glimpse of her white panties, her legs pressed tightly together. The girl tensed as he raised her skirt and that made him chuckle. …. Marissa could feel herself getting excited, wondering what the Headmaster was going to do to the girl, putting herself in the girl's position and feeling very vulnerable and exposed. The Headmaster abruptly faced the young girl and stared down at her… asked her if she knew why she was there. "Yes," she said in just barely above a whisper… "Then you know I have to punish you?" he asked, still looking at her sternly over his glasses, tapping the stick in his hand. "Y...yes," she said, her lip trembling... He then had her bend at the waist and put both hands on his desktop. "Lift your skirt," he ordered. Her face burned as she reached lifted her hands from the desktop long enough to raise the hem of her skirt, exposing her full bottom to the Headmaster. "Spread your legs," he ordered next, the little stick tapping the insides of each thigh smartly, emphasizing how quickly he wanted her to do it. The young girl spread her legs about 3 feet apart and bent back over, palms on desk. Nothing happened. The young girl waited, but still, nothing happened. She could feel the Headmaster's eyes staring at her exposed bottom and the thought made her stomach queasy, but also made it tingle just a little. Next, she felt hands on her bottom, fingertips easing into the elastic that wrapped around each leg. She jumped but didn't dare move from her appointed position. The Headmaster pulled back on the elastic to reveal the puffy lips of the young girl's pussy…

Marissa was now reading the story intently and didn't notice that Tony stood watching her through the crack in her office door, wondering what she was up to. Marissa felt her panties getting moist as she read the story, her body going through the same reactions as if she were the young misbehaving girl caught in the Headmaster's office. She read on, squirming a little in her seat as she got to the part where the Headmaster made the young girl sit in a chair directly across from his desk... Skirt up, panties off, and legs draped over the arms of the chair causing her pussy to be displayed fully for the Headmaster's pleasure. As Marissa read, she reached under her desk and lifted her own skirt up her thighs, pulled her panties aside with one hand and began to stroke her clit with her forefinger. Her pussy was so wet, she could hear the sound of the wetness as she moved her fingers against her pussy, pushing between her swollen lips and up to the tight bud of her clit. She closed her eyes briefly as she imagined the scene she was reading and moved her hand faster.

Tony was watching her with increasing curiosity. He couldn't get a handle on this girl - he'd tried - but found that she wasn't as responsive to his charm as most females, which made him want her attention all the more. Every once in a while he would stop outside her door and watch her as she worked, trying to figure out a way to get her to notice him. He'd often wondered what she'd be like in bed… wild?... timid? … aggressive? ... submissive? ...experimental?… He didn't know and not knowing was causing him to spend hours fantasizing about her and all the possibilities. Suddenly something caught his eye and his attention was drawn back to watching Marissa. She'd slipped her hand underneath her desk and had her eyes closed. It looked almost like... well, almost like she was masturbating. Nooooo, he thought. No way! But, he looked closer. He saw the muscles in her arm moving, looked at her feet under her desk and saw her pretty pink toenails encased in her high heels spread wide apart. He looked at her face and saw her lips part, her tongue snaking out to lick her lips... eyes still closed, hand still under her desk. God, thought Tony.... Is she really rubbing her clit? He thought... and the thought was enough to make his cock immediately hard. 

There she was sitting there rubbing her clit in her office! And he was watching! Damn, Shit, Jesus f. Christ, God-almighty DAMN, he thought... and desperately wanted to figure out a way to see underneath that desk, to watch her hand move, see her wet pussy as she stroked it... man this was too much! Fifteen things crossed his mind at once on how to get her out of her office for a moment so he could sneak in and get a better position in the room, enough to see her get herself off. He quickly went back into the kitchen and grabbed Marissa's favorite coffee mug, threw it to the floor, breaking it in pieces. "Damn!" he said, and yelled at Cathy to go tell Marissa what had happened. Soon Marissa came walking in and he apologized. She half smiled and started cleaning up the mess. Tony sidestepped her and headed down the hall towards Marissa's office. He walked in and saw what she was reading on her computer monitor. He slipped into her private bathroom off to the side of her desk and closed the door to a crack, hoping that she wouldn't catch him and would go right back to reading that fuck-story and rubbing her clit. Soon he heard her heels clicking down the hallway, heard the door shit ­ all the way this time ... and saw her through the slit in the door, sit back down at her desk. It took her a few minutes to get composed, but as she began to read the story again, he saw her shift in her chair, spread her legs, raise her skirt and drop her hand between her thighs straight onto her pussy. His cock was so hard it was straining against his slacks, throbbing with lust as he waited to see what she would do next…

Tony was barely breathing as he watched Marissa. His eyes would drop to her hand in her lap, watching her fingers move on her pussy. He could see the light patch of curls that framed her mound and could hear the slickness of her pussy as her fingers moved up and down her slit, but he couldn't see much more than that. Then, he'd glance up at her face and watch her read the story, mouth parted ­ could hear her quick breaths as she grew more excited. Tony dropped to a squat on the ground inside the bathroom and looked up under the desk. He could see everything. Her legs were spread wide open and two fingers of her right hand were buried in her pussy, stroking it quickly. He could see the insides of her legs twitch as her fingertips brushed over and over her clit, the juices of her pussy wet on her fingers and glistening on the inner lips of her pussy. FUCK! He wanted to taste her, could almost smell her sexy delicious scent from where he sat. His cock throbbed now and he reached down and began stroking his thickened cock outside his slacks, standing back up to be able to stroke it better, watching her face. Her eyes closed again and he could tell she was close. He moved the door open just a little bit wider, stroked his cock and watched. Suddenly he saw her hand tighten on the mouse and heard a muffled moan, quickly he knelt down and looked under the desk and saw her pussy drenched in wetness… seeping out onto the chair. Her fingers had stopped moving and as she lifted her hand away, he could see all of her ­ so wet and open, the lips open slightly as if welcoming a hard cock. He wanted to shove her back into her chair, spread her legs wide and pump his cock deep into her cunt. Fuck her hard and make her moan like that again and again. He heard her clear her throat and re-position herself in her chair. "Now what was he going to do?" he wondered, not knowing how to get out of the situation and hoping he wouldn't get caught. Just as the thought entered his mind, he saw Marissa stand and turn towards the bathroom door. Damn! He frantically looked around the tiny room and realized he had no place to go.

Marissa pushed open the bathroom door (almost hitting Tony) and before she could close the door, felt a hand close over her mouth and heard the door close. She struggled in Tony's arms for a minute until he leaned down and whispered in her ear, "I saw what you were doing, Marissa.. I watched all of it, watched you make yourself cum sitting in your chair," he whispered hotly. She felt her anger turn to utter embarrassment. "Feel how hard I am from watching you get yourself off?" he asked, pushing his thick erection between the cheeks of her ass while pulling her body back against him with his hand wrapped around her waist. "Now, I will gladly circulate a memo around the office of what you do in here behind closed doors, or this can stay just between the two of us. Can I trust you not to yell when I move my hand?" She nodded her head and he released her. She turned towards him with anger flashing in her eyes and hands on her hops. She wanted to be really mad at his intrusion but found the thought of him watching her incredibly arousing. She tried to straighten her skirt and blouse and stepped back away from him … staring at his chest, the floor, the walls and then quickly stealing a glance at the bulge at his crotch. Tony caught her and began stroking it again outside his slacks. "God, Marissa, you're so fucking hot," he whispered, "I couldn't help getting hard watching you finger your pussy," he said, Marissa felt her face flush and her nipples tighten with his words. She couldn't stop watching the rhythmic movement of his hand on his cock. Her pussy felt like it was swelling at the sight and she suddenly wondered what Tony's cock looked like, tasted like. She met his eyes for a quick moment and then knelt on the cold floor at his feet. He unzipped his slacks and pulled out his hard cock, letting the tip of it brush against her cheek before pushing his hips towards her opening mouth. Marissa held her mouth open just close enough to his cock for him to feel the heat of her breath teasing him, then closed her lips and sucked on the tip … using her tongue to swirl and flick the head. Slowly she began to swallow more of him, making him take it slow… forcing him to let her go at her own pace. She was teasing him deliberately ­ pulling his cock out of her mouth and licking the tip… holding the base of his shaft in her hand and lightly slapping the tip on the end of her tongue before sucking him deeper into her mouth. She felt Tony's hands grab her head and pull her face onto his cock, pushing his hips forward at the same time ­ fucking her mouth. She spread her knees open on the floor and lowered her hand and once more started to rub her clit...