 It was my night off from work and I was supposed to be at a tutorial for Uni. and my girlfriend, Cindy had asked a few of her friends over for some drinks, thinking I would be out most of the night.

"Why don't you go out with Harvey or something?" Cindy said when she found out I wasn't going to Uni.

"Don't worry about me" I said "I'll just hang around and watch TV downstairs or something"

"Fine, but don't blame me if you get bored" she responded

I was upstairs when all the girls arrived, knowing them all I greeted them each with a brief hug explaining I wouldn't be getting in their way. 

There were only three of them tonight, Julie, Fiona and Belinda. Fiona, or 'Fi' as the girls called her, was by far the best looking of all the girls, shoulder length straight dark hair, a face normally reserved for models and a body to die for. Fiona had been with her boyfriend longer than even Cindy and I had been together and always seemed to be complaining about him, tonight was no different. The first thing she said to me was, 

"Why can't we have a relationship like you and Cindy, Rob?"

"Well, you'd have to find a guy as perfect as me, and to find two in the one city… I don't think so" I kidded with her.

"I 'spose you're right, Robbo" she laughed as she leant up and gave me a peck on the cheek "I'll just have to settle for second best"

The night went on pretty much as usual, I stayed downstairs watching TV and the girls chatted on upstairs, drinking without pause. Then, around 10pm Cindy called down to me,

"Rob? Fi needs some advice on her man problems come and help her out"

I could tell by Cindy's voice she was well and truly drunk and guessed the others were in a similar state of affairs. 

When I got upstairs I was immediately handed a beer and ordered to sit-down.

"OK Rob, This is the deal" Julie started explaining the problem. I glanced at Fiona; fuck she was looking good I thought to myself. Being a little drunk she didn't seem to mind that one strap of her tight midriff shirt was hanging off her shoulder, causing a nice amount of cleavage to come into view.

"Fiona here, has a little problem with her sex life"

"Really?" I said, finding it very hard to believe but not saying so. 

"You see we need a guy's opinion" Julie continued "Her Boyfriend, Alan, seems to be a really bad lay and we need to know if it's Fi's problem or his"

"Well what is the problem?" I asked, glancing at Fiona and catching an interesting grin directed at me.

Cindy continued

"It seems Alan doesn't like having his cock sucked…"

"And he doesn't like eating pussy" Belinda chimed in

"I find that very hard to believe" I voiced my opinion this time

"It's true, Rob" Fiona said "I can't get him to do anything adventurous" she looked at me with pouting lips and I thought how I'd show her adventurous if given half a chance.

"Well it definitely can't be you, Fi" I said "Take a look at yourself" "He's fuckin' mad!"

"So what do we do about it" Cindy asked

I suggested Fiona should find a guy on the side. "Fuck him, if he's not doin' it in the sack, find someone who can."

"Here, Here!" Julie piped up

I looked across the table and caught Fiona's eye; she was looking extremely seductive with her beautiful full red lips and ample clevage just begging to be ravished. 

"Good idea, Rob" "maybe I'll just do that," Fiona said as she looked me right in the eye.

Now that my work there was done I hobbled back downstairs to my humble abode. Another hour or two went by before all the chattering and giggling started to decrease and I heard soft footsteps tread down the stairs. I assumed my girlfriend was coming down to check on me, I was mildly surprised therefor, when Fiona's sexy little body emerged around the corner.

"Hey Fi, what's up?"

"Not much, your girlfriend's out cold and everyone else is pretty much unintelligible"

"Goodo" I said, "You seem remarkably sober, though"

"Yeah, didn't really drink much since you gave me that little bit of advice" She moved toward the couch I was on and sat down next to me "To tell you the truth I haven't been able to stop thinking about it" 

Fiona was sitting closer to me than she probably needed to and I was beginning to feel both excited and awkward. Excited because I could practically feel this gorgeous woman's breath on my cheek, awkward because she was the best friend of my girlfriend who was evidently right upstairs.

In any case my dick began to rise up against the fabric of my pants as she continued talking to me,

"You know, I think you're right Rob, I should find someone else. All I want is to feel a man's cock in my mouth and to feel his mouth on my pussy"

I couldn't help but turn and look at her, our faces were millimeters away and she didn't let up,

"Do you know anyone who may be interested?"

"Maybe…" I stammered as our mouths came together and my tongue slid across her teeth and found hers.

We sat there kissing for a few short minutes before our hands began to roam, my hand first exploring her perfect tits over the top of that tight shirt. I then took them hem in my fingers and slid the shirt up and over her head, exposing two naked breasts I had been dying to see for years. I savored the sight before lowering my mouth and eager tongue to her small, erect nipples, I licked and sucked them like they were going out of fashion and I felt a hand creep over the bulge in my trousers. I felt her pull as she undid my buckle and I heard the unmistakable sound of a fly being lowered. Before I knew it her hand was pulling me off like an expert and she was whispering in my ear,

"Stand up, Rob. I want to see that cock of yours before I take it into my mouth and make you cum." 

I obediently stood up and stepped out of my pants, I slipped off my shirt and stood naked in front of this beauty as my girlfriend slept just upstairs.

"mmmm, this is what I needed" she mumbled as she approached the head of my 8inch cock.

I looked down at her perfect face and she smiled up at me, her tongue darted out and licked the pre-cum from the tip of my dick, causing a trail to follow it out. She grabbed my shaft with one hand and smothered the tip in the pre-cum with her thumb, sending a jolt of pleasure through my body. She kissed the head of my cock then slowly lowered her mouth over the rest, gently sucking as she moved down the shaft. Her head started bobbing up and down on my rock hard prick and her hand pumped my shaft in rhythm with it. I hadn't felt anything quite like it, looking down at this beauty sucking me off while my girlfriend was doors away turned me on like you wouldn't believe. It didn't take long for me to feel the cum rising in my shaft and I let Fiona know I was about to blow.

"Yes… cum for me, Rob… all over me…" Fiona encouraged me as she let the head of my cock point toward her tits and furiously jacked me off with both hands. My hot liquid spurted from my cock, firstly hitting her chest then lower directly onto her tits, she smothered my cock into the cum on her chest rubbing my prick all over her. 

When I was completely dry I pulled her up standing with me and asked her skeptically,

"Are you sure you've never done that before" 

"Positive!" she grinned and planted a wet kiss on my mouth, swirling my own juices around inside with her tongue. The taste of my own cock has always turned me on and this time it seemed even more of a turn-on. Our naked upper bodies rubbed against each other, her cum-covered tits moving easily back and forth across my chest. My hands roamed all over her half-naked body as we stood there making out, I slid my hands under her short, tight skirt, caressing her round, tight arse. My hand slid up the inside of her perfectly shaped thighs and I found her pussy to be hot and wet, a low moan escaped her mouth as I pulled her panties to one side and slid a finger inside her. Seconds later her skirt was off and her silk G-string was on the way down with me following, kissing and licking her wet body all the way. I was on my knees in front of her, Fiona was backed up against a wall with her legs apart and my mouth was kissing and licking it's way up her thigh to her naked cunt. When I reached her pussy I gently inserted my tongue at the top of her slit and slid it right down to the other end, I heard a gasp from above as I passed over her clit and pressed down on the sensitive area. My hand caressed up the inside of her thigh and stroked the area between her two holes ever so lightly, I concentrated my tongue on her hard clit and circled and sucked on it until I felt her thighs squeezing my head between them. I then inserted a finger in her opening and curled it backward to rub the inside wall of her cunt, I felt more of her juices flow as I sucked harder on her clit and worked her with my finger. I heard a high pitched squeal come from Fiona's mouth as she reached orgasm and came all over my eager face.

I have always loved eating pussy, there is just something so erotic about it that I could do it all day. I stood up again, my cock a raging hard on again after that incredible experience.

"My god" Fiona puffed "I had no idea what I was missing out on"

"Trust me, Alan has no idea what he is missing out on" I replied "You're pussy is fucking amazing" We both laughed and she bumped and grabbed my hard cock.

"Well, aren't you the resilient one?" she asked in mock surprise

"What can I say. I really need to fuck you" no use beating around the bush I thought

"Ooh, tell me what you really want!" Fiona joked

Her hand and her talk were turning me on like nothing else and all I wanted was to feel my girlfriend's best friend's tight cunt around my cock. I turned Fiona around so she was facing the wall; she soon got the idea and bent over slightly, putting her hands on the wall. Her arse stuck out beautifully and I caressed the perfectly tanned, round cheeks before lining my throbbing cock up with her wet opening. I felt her move backward and the tip of my prick entered her warm moistness without my control, this itself was nearly enough to make me cum again but I held off. I grabbed the side of her hips and started to slowly pump my cock in and out of her, increasing the rhythm as she pushed back against my forward thrusts. We both couldn't help groaning out loud and I suddenly became conscious that someone upstairs – my girlfriend - may hear us, however this served only to turn me on even more and I quickened my pace again. We were going at it full pace now, my cock was driving deep inside this goddess's tight pussy and she was driving her arse back into me, striving to get me deeper still into her. Just as I felt my cum rising again Fiona let out in a strained voice,

"Oh yes, Rob. I'm gonna cum again, Rob. That's it…"

I let myself go and we both exploded at the same time, I filled her with another load of my cum and I felt her convulse in pleasure yet again, her pussy tightening around my cock milking it for all it was worth. When we had both come down from our orgasms I thanked her for fulfilling a major fantasy of mine and we quietly got dressed and treaded softly up the stairs - as if someone may here us now, after all that. When we got upstairs everyone was silently passed out and no one was any the wiser to what happened that night, downstairs.