 The rain soaked through the screen and hit the pane behind it. Droplets formed and started their slow descent down the glass. Trish traced them with her finger leaving light smudges on her bedroom window. Another Law and Order: SVU episode was starting, the next in a long line during the Memorial Day Weekend marathon. She grabbed the remote and was about to turn off the television when she heard a knock on the front door. She got off her window ledge and waited, standing in the middle of her room in black pants and a sky blue tank top, waiting to hear if it had come from a different house, the new SVU episode, or her mind. 

Another knock reverberated throughout the empty house. It was real. Trish grabbed a cardigan and started down the stairs. She stopped at the first landing to look out the bay window, a vantage point where she could spy from without being seen. She leaned over the wooden bench under the window and it creaked beneath her. The knocker was a man in his mid-twenties, with brown short hair and a bit of a beard from what she saw. He was tall, pretty lean and soaking wet. His blue jeans had turned a shade of dark grey. He didn't have an umbrella or a hood; instead he shrugged his shoulders and held the wet fabric of his black jacket against his ears. 

Trish knew she shouldn't open the door; she didn't know who this man was. She was familiar with the horror stories. She had just watched two separate SVU episodes where 24-year-old girls should not have opened the door for strangers. Now, she was that girl home alone, but she couldn't help but feel bad for the unprepared traveler. She waited to see if he would move on. She continued to look at his face as water dripped off his nose and he squinted to avoid the onslaught of rain in his eyes. She felt bad for him, she also thought he would be a good person to get to know. He looked cute, in a dorky way. He started to walk down her front stoop and she saw the opportunity slipping away. Trish left her perched point of view and ran to the front door, unlocking it and opening it in a rush. He turned as it opened. He did have a beard, he was soaking wet, and he had the nicest eyes she had ever seen - green, or blue, or hazel, or all three. Trish just looked at him standing in the doorway as the sound of rain on pavement filled the air. 

He looked back at her and talked first. "I'm sorry to bother you, but I got caught in this and my phone got soaked through, any chance I can use yours? I won't even come inside, I know this is weird." Rain continued to fall and he blinked his beautiful eyes frequently to keep the water out. 

Trish realized he was speaking to her and shot back to reality, "umm yeah, you can use mine, but I don't want mine soaked either, so you should at least come into the foyer" Trish opened the door a little wider for him, beckoning for him to come inside. 

He must have felt embarrassed because he entered shaking his head and smiling a small, shy smile. "Right of course thanks, you are very kind. I don't even know where I am. My friend lives around here," he continued as he step through the door and began to drip onto the hardwood floor of the foyer, "but there is no parking anywhere, so I found a random spot and was going to walk, but I got totally turned around and was using my phone to find his house when it down poured and I lost my directions. Oh, and I'm Kyle by the way." 

"Trish, nice to meet you," she extended her hand and shook his, it came away wet and she rubbed it dry on her cardigan, "let me grab you a towel, we keep some in the closet behind you." She reached behind him and opened the closet door as he gingerly stepped further into the house. 

"You have a lovely home," he said, in an obvious attempt to break the awkward silence. She handed him the towel and stepped back so he could have room. 

She watched him as he dried off. He peeled off his jacket to reveal a solid foundation of a man. His button-down shirt was plastered to his form and she admired him as he rubbed himself down with the towel. She realized she had to snap out of her trance, "so uh where does your friend live? What street? I grew up around here. I can tell you if you are hot, uh I mean close! Or if you are far still." She giggled nervously. 

"He lives on Prospect," he answered smiling. 

"Oh god!" Trish knew exactly what happened and audibly chuckled, covering her mouth with her right hand, "you are no where near it! Hatchfield stupidly has a Prospect Street and a Prospect Avenue. Most people just choose the first Prospect that comes up on their phone, which is of course Ave cuz of A, but Prospect Ave is a dead-end that has like one old man living on it. So unless he is your friend, you want Prospect Street, which is about a fifteen-minute walk from here." 

Kyle's head dropped at the unfortunate news. "You know you would think he would warn me about that! Maybe I should just go party with the old man." He said as he continued to dry himself. 

Kyle was beginning to dry up now and Trish was beginning to relax, realizing his intentions were not to rob her. She grabbed his still-dripping jacket from him, "here let me put that in the dryer for you." She said already halfway to the kitchen. 

"No that's really okay!" Kyle said trying to stop her, but she insisted and was already gone. She came back in seconds later. 

"So is your phone broken?" She asked. 

He pulled it out of his jeans pocket, dried it with the towel and inspected it again. "It won't turn on that's for sure" he said and handed it to her. 

"Yeah looks bad," Trish said and shook it, they could both hear water swooshing around inside of it and Kyle half cried, half laughed at his misfortune. "Do you want to use mine?" Trish asked, as she handed him the dry phone. 

He took it and was about to type when he stopped, "I don't know any of their phone numbers off the top of my head." Trish laughed and shook her head. He was growing hotter by the second as his dorkiness and vulnerability was put on full display with his series of unfortunate events. 

The more they talked the more she looked at him and the more she looked at him the more she wanted him. Here was this random guy who was brought onto her doorstep by a sudden downpour and an unchecked weather report. She could not just ignore the obvious. 

Trish always wanted to take advantage of being home alone and as her family went away for the week and her friends abandoned her for a trip she couldn't go on because of work, here was her chance. She had no hope for anything but staring at a television for Memorial Day Weekend and now it seemed that she was being rewarded for her loneliness and despair. 

"You don't know the number of anyone at the party? Not even like your girlfriend's number or something?" Trish asked playfully. 

Kyle laughed and cracked that infectious smile of his, "no, no girlfriend, and I am really bad with numbers so even if I did have one I would probably lose her for that exact reason." 

"Well, I could help you get directions from my house to your friends, but there is no sense in walking out there while it's still doing this," Trish beckoned to the window and the sheets of water that continued to fall. 

Kyle looked out the window again. The rain cascaded off the gutters. "Yeah I guess you're right, but I really don't want to impose anymore on you, you have been so nice already!" 

"It's no problem! As you can see, not much going on here," she replied turning to look at her empty house, "you can stay till it stops, but you can't keep dripping on my floor." She said as she pointed down at the tiny puddles forming all around him. He quickly took the towel and got on his knees embarrassed and starting scrubbing them away. Trish laughed and touched his shoulders to get him to stand again, "no stop, it's okay you don't have to do that. How bout I grab you a robe to wear and I can put those other clothes in the dryer?" 

Kyle looked up at her and didn't even make an audible protest instead he just nodded his head. Trish ran upstairs to get a robe and could feel Kyle's eyes on her ass the whole time. 

When she came back down the stairs, Kyle was standing in the doorway. "Leaving?" Trish said as she descended. 

"No, just didn't want to make any more puddles," Kyle responded. Trish unfolded the robe in her arms as she reached him. "There is a bathroom in the kitchen where you can take your clothes off, but I'm afraid you can't drip all the way there," Trish said as she let the last syllable of her sentence linger, looking Kyle up and down hoping that her forays into subtlety had been enough, hoping that subtext could now become apparent. 

Kyle reached his hands down to the corners of his wet shirt and started pulling it over his head. Trish's eyes bugged at his new nakedness. He now had the shirt in his hand and his nipples were hardening from the cold. 

Trish took the shirt and threw it on the ground never breaking her gaze. Kyle took two steps forward and she instinctively took two steps back not wanting her show to end. 

"I think it's unfair," shirtless Kyle said, "for me to be standing here half-naked and for you to be so clothed." Now further into the foyer, Kyle reached for his soggy belt, but stopped. Trish dropped the robe in her hands and reached for the first button on her cardigan. She undid it and moved to the second one. He undid the buckle. She undid the third button. He pulled the leather belt from its loop. She undid the final button and slipped it off her smooth shoulders. He pulled the belt free of his wet jeans and let it drop to the floor. 

Kyle released his pants button and took hold of his zipper. Trish looped her fingers into her blue tank top and everything stood still for a second. They were staring into each other's eyes with occasional glances towards each other's bodies. Trish pulled the shirt up an inch and Kyle pulled the zipper down a notch. Trish pulled her shirt up two more and the zipper fell two more. Trish pulled it all the way to the beginning of her black bra and Kyle undid the zipper fully and began to pull his pants down revealing the top of a black pair of briefs. Trish peeled the shirt completely off and the pants followed, down his thighs and legs revealing more with every inch; his torso, his hips, the bulge in his underwear, his fit thighs, his knees, his calves. He walked out of his pants and threw them aside. His black underwear clung to his streamlined form, the perfect outline of his hard cock clearly visible. With both hands Kyle ran his fingers along the skintight waistband of his underwear and stopped again. 

Trish realized it was her move, but she had never been this naked this close to her front door. She was torn, but she wanted to see what was under those briefs. She reached up to her right shoulder and swept the bra strap off with one solid motion, she did the same with the left shoulder and as Kyle's fingers slipped underneath the waistband of his underwear, she grabbed hold of both bra cups. They pulled down at the same time and then everything happened in an instant. He was on her, pinning her back to the wooden wall of the foyer, her ass in one hand, her boob in the other and his lips locked on hers. The bra still floated around her stomach between them and her pants remained as the only other barrier between their writhing bodies. He picked her up off the floor as his tongue explored her mouth; she scratched his back and tried to grab hold of anything behind her to steady herself in his chiseled arms. His fingernails dug into her ass and he kissed his way down her neck. She needed him, now, but not here, she wanted him somewhere his wet body wouldn't make a mess and leave a trail for her parents. She leaned down and nibbled on his ear while whispering into it. 

"Take me upstairs, first door on the right," before she could even get out the last word, her body was lifted off the wall and she was being carried up the stairs to the second floor. Kyle kicked open the door to the bathroom and placed Trish down once inside. She separated her lips from his and turned around to start the shower. "Do you like it hot?" Trish asked. 

"Steaming," is all Kyle responded before opening the glass shower door and stepping in. Through the glass, Trish watched as he grabbed the soap and began to lather his chest with it. She was getting wetter by the second. Her breathing had turned ragged, her nipples hard. Trish was enjoying her view when Kyle suddenly stopped rubbing soap into his skin. 

"I think it's time you got completely naked." Kyle took his soapy hand and started to clear the ever-fogging glass door between them as Trish started to peel down her black pants. She got past her hips and stopped. She yelled through the door, "you stop, I stop!" And Kyle quickly resumed his soaping. He put his leg on the side of the shower and started lathering it while the pants continued their slow descent over the curves of Trish's ass. She faced away from Kyle and looked over her shoulder at her showering captive with a sly smile. "If you want me completely naked, stop rubbing your leg and start rubbing something else," Trish commanded through the steam and glass. Kyle quickly obeyed and began to rub his dick with his right hand as Trish's hands went to her blue thong. 

Kyle sent his hand into overdrive up and down his thick cock. Trish was done with this game. She wanted her hands wrapped around his member, her fingers feeling its girth and length. She bent forward and rewarded Kyle with a perfect view of her ass, her thong still cut between her two ass cheeks hiding her wetness. She pulled it down. She lingered for an instant and turned standing in front of him naked with nothing but a glass wall of water separating his hard cock from her shaved, wet pussy. 

It was Kyle who made the first move after that, flinging open the door as Trish jumped into the large shower and his wet, strong arms. They embraced for the first time and their lips locked. Their hands explored the bodies they had been dying to touch. Trish went straight for Kyle's cock rubbing it with one hand as she scratched his back with the other. Kyle found Trish's ass and slapped it a few times, water splashing off of it. His left hand encircled her right nipple until he released his lips from hers long enough to suck in into his mouth. She arched her head back and let the water cascade down her neck. Kyle released the nipple from his mouth and slowly kissed down her body till he was on his knees. He put Trish's leg up on the side and with water dripping down his face and the steam rising from the ground, he sunk his tongue into Trish's clit. It was only her arms and the shower rail that kept her from collapsing right then and there as Kyle started his assault. 

His tongue swirled, bent, attacked and withdrew only slightly to attack again. His hand held her leg and his other massaged her ass. The running water didn't deter him as he ate Trish's pussy with a passion. Pistoning in and out of her gentle folds, licking all the way to her tender asshole and coming back around to flick her clit with renewed vigor. 

Trish steadied herself with one arm and scratched and clawed her lover's back with the other. Encouraging him to continue, she gyrated her hips and seemed to meet every tongue lashing at its apex. She was close, she could feel it deep in herself; an orgasm that would cripple her she was sure of it. She got closer and closer until eventually the moment hit. She grabbed his head and forced his tongue deeper into her clit then ever before. She held him there as her body shook and convulsed as he continued to strike out at her spot even through the legs clamped around his head. Her scream cut through the chorus of the showerhead and filled the bathroom like the increasing fog. 

Trish's eyes rolled back and her knees gave out and she collapsed on top of him. Their bodies intertwined on the shower floor. She hardly had time to catch her breath when Kyle assumed a new activity. This time his weapon of pleasure would be his dick not his tongue. He grabbed Trish's ass and lined up the lower half of their bodies. He sucked a nipple into his mouth and found her open wet pussy with his hard cock. She didn't have time to protest even if she wanted to, his cock slowly made its way into her still tight, but accepting hole. 

Trish had regained the feeling after she had come down from her orgasm and could feel his mushroom head trying to make its way up her narrow tunnel. She grabbed his face and kissed him as she brought her weight down on him at the same time he brought his hips up. She winced through the pain as his thick cock stretched her out and buried itself fully inside her. 

Once he was in they stopped kissing and looked into each other's eyes as he started ramming into her as fast and as hard as he could from underneath her. He was a battering ram at her gates. He drove into her and never missed a beat as her boobs and ass bounced freely from on top of him. The shower water fell like the rain outside as they fucked. He would slap her ass and the mark would sting in the hot water driving her further, further into the abyss of his pounding. Her pussy was fully stretched and accepting each thrust with a surge of juice from deep inside her. It mingled with the shower water and their sweat and pooled on the ground where they were fucking. 

Kyle flipped her over carefully making sure not to hit any of the shower walls and from on top of her he increased his vigor. Pounding into her, she had to move her hands to the wall behind her to prevent from hitting it with her head. She looked up at his face beset by water, and his eyes beset by desire. He pounded and pounded; he would stay inside her fully and gyrate his hips to make sure he was getting every slippery wet wall inside of her. 

He would take it out and tell her to close her eyes so she wouldn't know when exactly he drove it back in until she felt it hit her back wall and she would let out a scream of pleasure to ignite his little game again. Neither could say how long they were at it and Trish could no longer rely on her arms as a means of supporting her frame, but from under the weight of his body, Trish could tell he was close. She felt the subtle vibrations in his thighs, she saw his one hand slip and smack against the glass door, leaving a steamed handprint, she heard his moaning cut through the pelting of the water. He continued to fuck her until he pulled out of Trish unexpectedly and brought his cockhead to her lips, without warning he shot load after load of cum into her waiting mouth groaning as the last left his body. She looked up at him in the throws of his orgasm and without breaking eye contact, swallowed every bit of cum he fed her. Kyle's eyes went wide and he collapsed and sat back to catch his breath. 

After a few moments, Trish reached up and shut the shower water off. Kyle stood and reached out his hand to help her up, "that was incredible," he said as he lifted Trish off the shower floor, "what's next?" 

"There is a Law and Order: SVU marathon on," Trish answered as she stepped out of the shower and grabbed two robes. 

"Oh?" Kyle responded taking the robe from her. 

"Yeah, it is on all weekend, so I will just be here, alone, watching SVU all weekend, you are more than welcome to join," Trish cooed as she covered herself with the robe and walked out of the bathroom. 

"Oh!" Kyle exclaimed, following her out.