 I had been a very successful Psychiatrist with a thriving practice for a number of years. I'd worked hard for those initials behind my name, John P. Edwards, M.D. And for a good many of those years, I really thought I was providing a worthwhile service. Then, Ms. Emily Fredrickson walked into my office.

When I'd initially begun my practice I had visions of treating people with some interesting neuroses, and really getting involved in some deep inner issues. What I found however was that I was seeing nothing more than a bunch of board lonely housewives with a lot of money, and nothing better to do than lie on a couch and vent. For the most part, none of them needed anything more than a little excitement in their lives, or at the minimum, a good hard fuck from someone other than their spouses. But this isn't exactly the kind of advice I was supposed to be giving them. So instead, I went through all the usual typical Dr. stuff to try and find out the 'why' they were feeling that way.

Most of my clients were referrals from other patients. All of who swore that I was one of the best, if not thee best in my field. When I first met Ms. Fredrickson I was already so busy treating and seeing people that I nearly turned her down sight unseen. However, at the prompting of one of the women I was counseling, who'd asked me as a BIG favor to take on one more client, I reluctantly agreed.

Once the initial preliminary's had been taken care of, I invited Ms. Fredrickson to make herself comfortable. Though I have both a chair and a couch, surprisingly the majority of my clients prefer to sit as opposed to lying down. Ms. Fredrickson, Emily, was in the minority and immediately crossed over to where the couch was, kicked off her shoes, hung up her jacket and laid down.

Emily was reasonably tall for a woman at just under six feet. She had coal black hair that was long, but had been pinned up giving her that professional woman's look that seemed so much in vogue these days. But the most startling feature had to be her eyes. I'd even attempted to try and figure out without asking, and thus seeming unprofessional on my part, in trying to determine if she was wearing contacts or not. Her eyes were the most beautiful cobalt blue I had ever seen. And with a milky white complexion, offset by those eyes and her unusually dark hair, she was with out a doubt one of the most striking women I had ever seen.

As I began delving into what some of her issues were, trying to get a feel for why it was that she thought I could help, I noticed as I sat slightly off to one side and behind her head that she would occasionally reach up and seemingly finger with the buttons on her blouse, one or twice even brushing her fingers across her nipples as we continued our discussion. 

The thing that was odd was that there was nothing sexual in our discussion whatsoever. Everything we discussed or went over seemed to be either job related, or as I was already beginning to determine, as issues dealing with stress.

I'd barely noticed her the first time when I thought I had actually seen Emily finger one nipple. She'd continued talking to me, had already moved her hand away, but sure enough, there stood a very hard firm nipple protruding through the white business blouse she was wearing.

The discussion continued, and rather than sitting there taking notes as I usually did, I found instead that I was gazing at her more and more often, wondering if I had actually seen what I thought I had, and secondly, if she would do it again, which she did. The second time, she reached over and actually pinched her nipple through the material of her blouse, all the while continuing on with the mundane every day issues we are all faced with.

Frankly, I was truly puzzled for the first time since I'd been in practice as to what exactly WAS happening, and where all of this was leading. I'd only had one or two women actually proposition me during the course of my treatment with them. Neither of which I of course allowed anything to happen with, and not simply out of fear of losing my license. And it wasn't as though I wasn't attractive either. I've had my fair share of attractive looking women. And though I wasn't seeing anyone at the moment, I wasn't looking to get seriously involved with anyone. 

Soon after that, our first session ended and Emily and I said our good-byes and scheduled an appointment for the next week without so much as a hint as to what had taken place or why. She remained calmly professional in her attitude and demeanor beyond that, and so we set up a weekly day for her continued therapy.

To my surprise, I found myself anxiously curious about our next meeting and could hardly wait until the day finally arrived. As before, Emily was similarly dressed with her hair once again done up in a tight bun behind her head. Taking her place upon the couch, we began.

As I began to review with her what we'd discussed the previous week, I found myself glancing over in her direction a little more frequently than normal. Once again there was nothing of a sexual nature even remotely discussed. Yet, I noticed that as Emily lie on the couch, she had bent one of her legs slightly which effectively hiked her skirt up a little more than what I felt was normal for trying to be simply comfortable.

In the next instant, I watched as Emily actually placed her hand down near her groin area, and as the subtle movement of her hand confirmed to me what she was doing, I watched saying nothing to her about it as she obviously began masturbating.

There was no change in her speech pattern to indicate she was becoming aroused or excited by what she was doing, almost as though she were playing with herself absentmindedly as she continued telling me about some of the more stressful situations she'd been having to deal with at work lately. The entire hour was consumed in this fashion, and I was once again left confused as well as curious as to what her motives and intentions truly were.

As the weeks came and went, our discussions remained professional. Yet with each passing week, Emily became bolder and bolder in her obvious masturbatory fantasy, if that's indeed what she was doing here. I, on the other hand refused to acknowledge what she was doing, or mention it. My thoughts being that this was some sort of test, or manipulation on her part which was the actual root of whatever problems she was actually dealing with. I was of the opinion that this blatant display of touching herself in front of me, all the while maintaining a total and complete professional-like conversation was finally going to result in one of those really interesting physiological evaluations that I had not had the opportunity to really get into up until now.

Admittedly, seeing this very beautiful woman lying on my couch, occasionally touching and caressing her breasts, or reaching down to bunch her skirt up, sliding her hand down inside her panties to finger herself was having its affect on me. I would find myself staring at her, forgetting what it was we'd been discussing for a moment, and worse, realizing that I would quite often be sitting there with a raging hard-on.

After nearly eight full weeks of this, I decided to change direction and confront her directly on the issue. Figuring that perhaps bringing it out in the open after all this time, that we'd finally begin discussing the real reason she was seeking therapy.

And......after the previous week I felt it was time anyway. It had been the first time that I'd seen Emily actually reach orgasm. And though I was fairly certain she hadn't faked it, I wasn't THAT positive she simply hadn't escalated this weird little game she was playing to a higher level, and I wasn't about to let her continue to try and control our sessions in this way any further without getting to the bottom of it.

I allowed Emily to make herself comfortable as she was now doing before each session began. She'd hung up her jacket, taken off her shoes, and had even reached up and undone a couple of the upper buttons on the blouse she was wearing. I waited until she'd positioned herself on the couch, expecting her to once again begin touching herself at any moment.

"Emily?" I began. "I think we need to discuss your masturbating during our sessions together."

For the first time she actually turned on her side and looked over the armrest at me. Something she'd never done before in all the weeks we'd been together. I saw a very wide, very beautiful smile spread across her face.

"Well Doc. It's about time. I was starting to wonder when you were finally going to ask me about it."

Frankly, I've had one or two patients in the past who've tried to put one over on me. But usually I figured it out long before they ever realized I had, and removed them from my active client list. In this instance however, I hadn't seen it coming, probably because I'd been so damn distracted by what had been going on, in addition to her being so fucking beautiful.

Emily had the upper hand for the time being, as I continued to ponder how I was going to respond to that. And the last thing I wanted to reveal to her was that she really was the one in control here at the moment.

She didn't give me the chance to respond as she suddenly sat up on the couch swinging her legs back around and placing them on the floor which put her facing me.

"It's very simple really. And don't feel bad that you were having trouble trying to figure out what was wrong with me. To be honest with you, nothing ever was."

"I'm not sure I understand." I told her truthfully. "Why don't you explain it to me?"

Emily reached up and pulled the pins from her luxurious black hair and allowed it to fall naturally well past her shoulders where it lay upon her breasts, highlighting the fullness of them and drawing my attention rather pointedly towards her chest.

"You see...I told my best friend Gail who's another patient of yours that I had this fantasy. Always have had it, but never had the opportunity or the inclination to ever do anything about it until I saw your picture on the back of one of the books you've written. When I learned that Gail was seeing you, I told her that I finally wanted to indulge myself, and finally get to enjoy my fantasy. Which basically was to simply masturbate in front of a good-looking Psychiatrist, knowing that he wouldn't or possibly couldn't do anything to try and involve himself with me. That wasn't apart of my fantasy...then."

I felt myself lean back, half expecting the chair to rock backwards, and then remembering it was a straight stiff-backed chair with no give. Emily saw the awkward movement and laughed.

Reaching up she began to slowly unbutton the remaining buttons of her blouse as she continued looking at me, smiling.

"It wasn't a matter of money for me obviously. I'd have paid any going rate just to satisfy this silly little desire of mine. Sitting here week after week, getting the courage to be able to lose my inhibitions, and allow myself to finally and completely enjoy myself in front of you as I've been doing, was worth every penny I've spent. So you see...there really isn't anything wrong with me. You've even told me so yourself in not so many words. Discussing the day-to-day issues, stress, work related problems, hell...we all go through and experience those. I'm no different. And I handle them just fine. But this was something I needed and have been wanting to do for as many years as I can remember."

Emily had finished undoing her blouse and now pulled it off allowing it to fall to the floor as she stood up off the couch.

"Listen Doc," she began in that almost too familiar expression she'd been using to address me of late. "I know a number of women who would love to simply tell someone about their fantasy's, about their dreams, kinks, quirks, desires, whatever, but without reproach, without recrimination, and without judgment. Sometimes just telling someone about some deep dark secret fantasy is as good as actually experiencing the fantasy itself. Only in my case...it was doing it, knowing all the while that you were watching me doing it, and wondering about it without ever saying anything. And especially after last week when I finally was able to achieve an orgasm in front of you, and then leaving afterwards without your ever saying a word to me about it. It simply couldn't have been any more perfect."

She stood in front of me now in her white lace bra, and began to pull down on the zipper of her skirt. I felt powerless to do or say anything, wanting to hear what she was telling me, and not wanting to. Stunned, and surprised that I could be so duped by this beautiful intelligent woman, and yet curiously pleased, flattered in a way... that I had been.

"So I guess this is our final session," she began. 

I watched as she slowly pulled the zipper of her skirt down until she allowed it to fall down around her feet. Emily wasn't wearing any panties, just a garter holding up the sheer nylon stockings she'd been wearing. I didn't know if she'd planned on masturbating even more openly this week than she had the previous by the intimate lingerie she was wearing, but I now found myself rather disappointed that I had confronted her this early in the session.

"And please, don't be too upset with me. I know you really thought you were trying to help me, and you did! But just not in the way that you thought you were."

Emily now reached behind, unhooking her bra and allowed it to fall a slight ways down her arms before catching it and holding it against herself, the movement revealing just the tips of two very alluring looking areola's that peeked out of the top of that lacy garment so teasingly.

I was still sitting about as straight backed in my chair, as it was possible to do. I had an enormous erection at the moment, and almost looked down at myself, though I was almost afraid to look at what I would find there. Of all the days to wear beige slacks.

"So now that its over, and now that I won't be coming to see you as my therapist any more, I don't suppose you'd be interested in one more little fantasy of mine, would you?"

Emily let the bra fall. And I sat staring at two of the most precious, full rounded breasts I'd ever seen before in my life.

I don't even remember standing up when I did. About the only thing I did remember later was the curious wide-eyed look on Emily's face as I stood, and following her eyes as they moved down to where I knew my erection was bulging inside of my slacks. That and the obvious wet-spot that I also knew I was revealing to her. As I moved over towards my desk, I didn't even try to cover up my condition. And almost proudly I strode across the room and pushed the intercom button on my telephone.

"Jamie?"

"Yes Dr. Edwards." I heard Jamie respond in her business voice.

"Would you go ahead and pull Ms. Fredrickson's file? We've completed her therapy, so she will no longer be a patient here. Go ahead and bill her for the hour, but we're going to tie up some loose ends, so we'll be here for a while, but I won't charge her for the extra time ok?"

"Yes Dr." I heard her say again.

It wasn't unusual for me to do that with patients once in a while, so I was confident that Jamie wouldn't question anything. But as I continued to look over towards Emily who was once again sitting down on the couch and sensually caressing herself, I added.

"Oh Jamie? One more thing, when you're done with that, go ahead and take the rest of the afternoon off. I'll make sure to lock up everything."

There was a pregnant pause as I was almost sure there would be. It was rare that I allowed Jamie to go home early without previously planning for it. Perhaps it wasn't the wisest thing to do, and might even leave her wondering about it since she had access to patient files, and did all of my dictation. She knew of Emily's strange masturbation behavior, and might be putting the pieces together as we spoke. But I was allowing my cock to think for me at the moment, and almost laughed boyishly when Jamie finally responded back to me.

"Thank you Dr." Another pause, "Is there anything else?"

"No Jamie, that will be all."

I clicked off the intercom, turning and heading towards the couch.

Emily reached up; rubbing the wet-spot on my slacks, making it worse, and gently ran a sharp nail over the protruding bulge she found there. Standing above her, Emily then began to unfasten my belt as I in turn reached down and began to gently finger one of her amazingly hard nipples.

A second or two later with my cock finally free, I felt her warm succulent mouth envelop it and begin a therapy session designed to relieve a little stress that I'd been dealing with as of late.

"Well now that I'm no longer treating you," I said

Emily removed her mouth from my cock long enough to look up at me and interrupt what I was saying.

"That it's my turn to treat you for a change?"

I smiled back. "Well sort of, but I was about to tell you how beautiful a woman you really are. And that's not exactly something we usually tell our patients."

Emily knelt before me slowly stroking my slippery cock, and delighting me with the most exquisite sensations imaginable.

"So tell me Doc, just how many times DID you run off and masturbate after I'd left your office anyway?"

"Every time." I told her. "Every fucking time."

After Emily and I had thoroughly fucked each other's brains out, we lay together in a sweaty heap upon my leather couch.

"So Doc, what do you think of my idea anyway?"

"What?" I said, still trying to fight through the fugue I was in.

"You know, getting out of this "Shrink" business, and maybe getting into something a whole lot more interesting and exciting. Like what I was telling you about. Letting women, and maybe even men, come in and tell you all about their most secret intimate fantasy's. You could discuss them with them, maybe even give them some assurances that it's ok to wonder about things, no matter how kinky or bizarre they may be."

Emily sat up suddenly excited, the thoughts of my starting this kind of a business already giving her new ideas.

And all I could see was the gentle sway of her ripe luscious melons just settling back into place when she rose.

I wasn't seriously considering her ideas of course. But I wasn't quite ready for her to get up and simply walk out of my life either. Not without one more good-bye fuck at least.

"Well, I certainly couldn't work out of this office anymore," I left off saying.

"No, it wouldn't work here either." Emily said agreeing with me. And I was delighted to watch those perfect tits of hers happily agreeing with both of us.

"We'd have to find you a new location to work out of. Oh, and unless you're really attached to...Jamie is it?"

Dumbfounded, I sat looking at her and listening. She really was serious, and I was starting to think about it. Especially when she reached over in mid sentence and once again began stroking my cock back to life.

"Jamie...ah, no. Not really. She's a good administrative assistant, but I don't think she'd go in for taking that type of 'dick-tation'", I jokingly punned.

Emily laughed, squeezed my penis even tighter and began playing with it all the while continuing to talk to me.

"You know, my niece Daniel, 'Danny" we call her actually, would be perfect for the job! She's open minded, intelligent, so nothing would bother her at all. Plus...she knows how to keep a secret, trust me in that...I know. And most importantly, she's also very, very attractive. And that would go along way in helping you as well."

"Yeah...as in driving away the less attractive looking clients?" I asked her kiddingly.

Emily quit playing with my cock as though seriously pondering the dilemma I'd just given her.

"I was just kidding Emily."
