 It seems like I'm waiting forever outside of your house. I've knocked and the dog is going crazy, but there is no sign of movement. Finally the door is opened and you are dripping wet barely covered by your towel. All I know is at this moment I want to be wet with you. Now. I expect to go immediately to the bedroom, but you inform me that you are multitasking and need to check in on your computer. I don't love the idea of being fit it, but I'm so desperate to see you that I'll take what I can get. If only I could get you to fit me in a couple of fucking times this week, I would be a happy girl!! 

You're sitting in your chair talking about the system timing out and I can no longer resist touching you. Reaching out for your shoulder, I run my hand through the beaded water. Your shoulder is firm, your skin so soft from the shower and much hotter than usual. There isn't a plan really, I'm not sure what I'm doing but I know if I don't do something, I'm going to pull you back in that chair and drop to my knees to suck your cock right there. I run my hands across your shoulder again and up into your hair. Trying to be patient since I know that without this check in, I won't be getting anything. Finally, you get up and say come on I have something for you, and my interest is piqued. 

Once we are back in the room, you are chatting about the need to dry off and I'm just enjoying the show. You're telling me that there is nothing worse than being wet and not being able to get dry and what it does to your balls. I giggle at this and remark that I don't have that problem, but mostly I just can't imagine this problem with your balls. They are perfect to me and more than a handful, so I am carefully checking you out but I really don't see anything different about them. I know time is short and I should be undressing, but I can't help it. I set the toy on the bed, shuffle out of my shoes and take my purse off. I walk to you and we start to kiss. You ask me if I missed you and I answer with a yes and add so much but honestly there aren't words for how much I missed you. You help me undress and kiss me once again. I feel pure warmth radiating from you and I want to curl up in it, but you are already asking me to drop to my knees. 

You're telling me that you've been thinking about my mouth on your cock and, honestly, so have I. Many times since our last encounter. I place my hand on your cock and as I put your cock in my mouth. You guide my free hand up to your ass, and for whatever reason, this small guidance puts me at ease. You ask me to show you what I've learned as I work to get you just a bit harder and wetter. Again you coach me to get you wet, and this time I take you out of my mouth and lick down the length of both sides of your growing cock. I'm usually too greedy to take you back out of my mouth once you're in and quite frankly, I'm still not sure it was worth it. 

I put you back in my mouth and for a short moment think about reaching down to my own wetness and use that to help lube you up a bit, when I feel you begin to thrust. I actually like when you do this, but it takes my breath away. I work harder with my hand and let my mouth do your bidding with every thrust. Pushing harder, you bring up the email I sent about you fucking my tits, and a shiver runs through my body as I flash back to how it felt in my dream. I've got my rhythm down and I start to wonder if today will be the day you only want this and then remember you asked me to bring my new toy. Just then you pull out and command me to bend over the bed and leave me there. 

I can see you between my legs and that you have gone to get your ipad. I hear a video start and remember that we were talking about porn earlier, but I still have no idea what we will be watching. I hear a girl's voice, but not really what she is saying until I hear DP. Taking your cue, you ask me if I know what that is, and I honestly don't. Dual penetration you say and place the ipad on the bed so that we can both see. You ask me if she is cute enough for me, and she definitely is. Dark long hair, very tanned and super cute in her pink panties. I'm a little surprised to see that she isn't fully shaved. I stop watching the video after she gets undressed, and hear you are tell me that she is going to get fucked by two guys. I'm sure it's going to be good, but I really just want to hear your voice right now. I know you are getting ready to fuck me and I'm trying to concentrate on that. You could probably just describe what was going on the entire time and I would love it just as much as watching with you. 

You work your fucking huge cock into my pussy, and I am urging you in farther and farther with my hand on your ass while pushing back as hard as I can. I want the force, but you tell me to let you work it in, so I ease up a bit. I let you work, but I am very greedy today. I hear the girl moaning and the men are entering the picture because I can hear their voices. You tell me to watch as one of the guys is eating the girl's ass and so I begin to watch again. You are fucking me good and it feels amazing, but I know what it's like to have my ass gone after like that and I want it now too. Badly. She is starting to suck the other guy's cock while she is still having her ass worked. True to form, I can't tell you anything about the men in the video as the men rarely interest me. I hear and feel how much you are enjoying the video while you are working away at my pussy. 

Every once in a while you spread my ass, and I know what is coming. I welcome it. I drop my head back down and close my eyes to better concentrate on you while reaching back to feel your balls. I give them a little tug and then just hold them against me while you pound me. You ask me if this is how I grabbed my husband, and it is, but also nowhere near the same. I love the feel of your balls against me, whether they are smacking against my ass or I am smashing them against me. When I grab my husband it is only for him and is a means to an end. A light smack against my ass takes me by surprise. It feels like a warm up so I'm hoping for more. 

The party on the video is getting louder and louder, almost distracting. I start to wonder if you are watching me at all or if you are still watching the video. You ask me if I'm ready to get my ass fucked and I reply with a simple but desire filled yes as you pull out. Before I know it, you are down on your knees and your mouth is on my ass. Licking, exploring, and I can barely keep on my feet. So badly, I want to crawl up on the bed a let myself go while you are doing this. But before I can get too far into it, you are back up on your feet and begin to work yourself in. 

Your cock is huge, and I'm always amazed we can do this without lube at all. I often wonder what it looks like from your point of view. Is it as hot as I imagine it is? I pull up off the bed when the pain becomes too much, and you push me back down to take it. Pulling out of me for a moment to work yourself just a little bit more and I take a moment to enjoy watching this between my legs. Makes me wetter with anticipation. It will hurt again as you begin to enter, but I want it so badly that I'll eagerly take the pain. 

I take a deep breath and slowly let it out as you push inside again, this time going deeper and deeper with every thrust. I feel myself giving way to you and hear your echoed approval. You ask if it's too much for me, and I answer no. I feel like fucking Goldilocks who's finally found her perfect cock and it's just right. 

Meanwhile, everyone is fucking moaning on the video and you ask me to watch again so I can see her get fucked in the ass as well as her cunt by 2 different men. I turn again to see what's going on. I'm mostly watching the mechanics of this as I am still uncomfortable with the idea of 2 men. I'm trying to figure out how you accomplish this. Can the guy on the bottom feel the other guy's balls? Does it distract him? 

You are telling me about how she is getting pounded, so I ask if you want to see me dirty like that. It's probably the most I have ever spoken during sex and it's an honest question. I am wondering if you want me to get fucked by 2 men. Is this an upcoming encounter? I can hear you say that you want me to be as dirty as I want to be, but that isn't really an answer. I'll take it for now though. I'm in no position to argue the point. 

I snap back to reality when you start to reach for the toy box. I reach over to help with the box, and you tell me just to get it ready. I'm not actually planning on doing anything other than unlocking the buttons because I'm afraid I won't be able to later. 

We continue to fuck and you ask me if I'm ready to get both of my holes fucked. The truth is, I'm not sure. There is so much going on, that I'm a little overwhelmed. I've watched porn with guys, but never really fucked while it was going on, or if it was, we weren't actively watching it. I've never used a toy with anyone other than myself, by myself. And I've certainly never really had DP before, unless I count your thumb which I don't. I like when you push me past my boundaries though, and I know that I'm safe, so I don't hesitate with my reply. 

I reach for the toy when you tell me and try to insert it while you are fucking me. I'm very wet, so it begins to slide in easy enough, but I'm a little surprised that every time I insert it, you push it right back out when you thrust in my ass. I'm starting to get an idea though of what this is going to be like. I push harder to get it past your thrust and win the battle this time. The toy is in and I feel full in a way I haven't been before. The angle alone is pushing it hard against my clit. 

My clit is already sore from the previous day's motorized punishment. I'm just enjoying the feeling of the toy being inserted while you are fucking my ass and then I hear you ask if it's too much again. I answer no, but I know I won't be able to endure much more. I am in control of the toy though, so I can ease up if needed. Your relentless thrusting alone moves the toy enough at this point. While my hand is on the hilt of the toy, I realize that I can still grab your balls, so I take full advantage. I hear you tell me that you know I love this because I'm letting you go deeper than I ever have before. Feeling that you're balls deep before you say it yourself. 

It is true. I am in heaven right now. Even more so than in Ruined, which I didn't think was possible. I think about turning the toy on for a split second, but I know if I do, I will ungraciously fall to my knees and that will just end up hurting you and me, so I resist the urge. Maybe if I was on my knees I would risk it, but my legs are getting close to starting to give as it is. I have been bent over in this position for quite a while now. I am brought back around by you asking me what you are doing. This isn't just any question. It's filled with lust and command and adding my name to the end drives my desire further and deeper. I grip the toy harder and punish my clit to your words. Just above a whisper, I reply that you are fucking my ass. I repeat it as if it makes it more real. 

Fucking me harder now, you share how much you want to mark me up but you don't want me to get in trouble. I find myself actually annoyed by this and shoot back surprisingly forceful with who the hell am I going to get in trouble with? I can feel your surprised reaction more than I can hear it, if that's possible. After a moment, you finally ask me which side I want. I want the same fucking side as earlier and I want some fucking power behind it. I've been frustrated for months now at your unwillingness to mark me, even when I have asked for it, and I'm doing my best not to take it out on you at this very moment. Then you smack me hard, and feel the sting immediately. Truth is, I could take another smack, but I'm not going to push you on this. You seem to be extra worried about everything being too much for me today. 

You are still pounding me and the toy is still pushing hard against my clit. Almost torture at this point, but I want more. I must have been digging my nails into your leg, willing you to fuck me harder, because you forcefully push my hand off of you and fully command me not to do that. You actually seem pissed at me, and I want to apologize since I wasn't really aware my nails were digging in, but I'm still in shock that it even happened. Instead I pull my hand up to my own neck and dig in. This just doesn't last long before I start to reach back again. 

This time, you catch my wrist, pulling hard on it, using it as leverage to fuck me a little harder. This was my goal anyway so I am grinning from ear to ear. Your tone has softened just a little, but I'm concentrating so much on my locked wrist that I can't make out what you are saying. I dig my nails into the palm of my hand and release and then do it again trying to calm the need so I can hear what you are saying. You pull my arm behind my back and lock it down tightly. I love this. This is what I needed. A little locking me down. I move my hand a little so that you are holding my hand instead of my wrist, and let this settle me a little. 

You are working me pretty hard and I wonder if you are planning to cum in my ass. You asked earlier if you could cum anywhere you wanted, so I thought maybe you had something a little different in mind today. I am kind of curious what it would feel like and how long it would feel like that. I can even hear you talking about it, and I think it just might happen. Then all of a sudden you talking about my pussy, but I missed what exactly you say. I was still wondering about cum in my ass. The second time I catch that you want me on my back so you can see me use the toy on my pussy the way I did yesterday. 

You pull out of me and I lay back on the bed. I hit the turbo button because if I think about this for too long I'm afraid I'll start to feel self-conscious. The brutal vibration is already too much. My poor clit is still sore since it isn't used to the punishing power of my new toy. You're asking if I was thinking about your cock when I used the machine, but to be honest, one of the modes without the rotation feels just like your fucking mouth on my cunt. That was what I was thinking about when I came hard yesterday. 

You tell me to lift my hips and I feel you place a towel under me. It's pure punishment at this point, so I don't think I'm going to squirt. I can feel your eyes on me as I press the little petal against my clit and feel a jolt fly through my body. You are standing at the side of the bed, showing me how hard your cock is and I will always want that more than the machine. It's a living piece of art to me and the toy will always be just a toy. All I want to do is pull the toy out and ride your big fucking cock. It's like you read my mind too because I receive a command that I've been dying to hear, to get rid of the toy. I'm so excited that I rip it out and throw it on the bed without even turning it off. 

You step closer to the edge of the bed, grab my legs, pushing hard into me, and I let out a loud fucking moan. It feels so much better than I ever remembered. You have me in just the right spot and are pounding my g-spot hard. This really is getting to be too much, but I'm not about to stop it. I pull at the bed to keep my body in place as it is trying desperately to escape the pounding. You know you have me in the right spot as well, and tell me so as you pull me into you farther. I try to relinquish and take the pounding but I really have reached my limit. I try to cry out but it only comes out as some sort of agonized grunt with every thrust. 

You stop suddenly and bend over to kiss me hard, and I am full in. I am not just happy for the break in pounding but in the intimacy of your kiss invading my mouth. This feels like the closest we've been to each other all day, and I swim in the bliss of the moment. You pull me up and tell me you want me on my knees. I hit my knees directly and get ready for what is next. You order me to suck on your balls and I immediately get to work. I take one in my mouth and try to run my tongue around it as I suck it in deeper. 

You share how close you are to cumming but that you are holding off so that you can enjoy it longer. I try to take you in deeper, both at the same time, but you are just too big. You move your cock over so that I can get to the other side as you ask me to do so. I pull your other ball into my mouth and suck a little harder as I move my hand up into the crack of your ass. I take a second to look up at you. Watching you watch me. This hasn't taken me a bit to get used to, but now I love watching the way you watch me.

I'm going to lick your ass whether you ask me to or not, but before I can do so you are already asking for it. I jump right in and try to get as far in as possible. As I ring your asshole with my tongue, I can hear your moan and I feel like I'm dripping on your carpet I'm so wet. You ask me where I want you to cum. Before I can answer, you roughly grab hold of my hair on the top of my head and pull me away a little so I can see how close you are to cumming. Your cock is so close to my face and I want so badly to put in my mouth and suck your cum down, but you have a hold tight of my hair and I can barely speak let alone move. Just a couple more strokes and I close my eyes so that you can cum on my face. I feel the hot sticky cum hit my face and I open my mouth to take some in. I'm not leaving today without a taste.