 Erin let out a sigh as she pulled her auburn hair out of it's ponytail. She absently ran her fingers through her hair as she walked towards the locker room. It had been a long week, and she was exhausted. She was thinking off all the studying she still had to do when she walked straight into someone, sending a stack of papers careening onto the floor. She automatically began apologizing as she stooped to start collecting the papers. She almost dropped the stack again when she heard his voice. "It's okay. Don't worry about it." 

"Dr. Carter," She gasped. "I'm so sorry. I wasn't paying attention, and.." 

He interrupted before she could go any further. "Hey, it's no big deal. Really." He flashed her an incredible smile, and Erin could instantly feel her cheeks begin to blush. After a moment they both rose to their feet, and Erin handed him the papers. His eyes never left hers as he took the stack from her. 

"Good night, Erin."  

While changing out of her scrubs, Erin silently scolded herself for acting so foolish. She could think of a dozen reasons why she shouldn't be attracted to Dr. Carter; he was an emergency room physician and she was only a student nurse, he was in his late thirties while she had barely celebrated her twentieth birthday. Erin could think of no reason he would be interested in her, surely he must have women lined up at his door, and the hospital had strict rules about employee relationships. Despite all of this, she could think of so many reasons why she was attracted to him. He was tall and lean, but strong. She knew that he had been a swimmer in college and was still in great shape. His deep blue eyes were mesmerizing, and he always had an amazing smile to offer her. But for Erin, it wasn't purely a physical allure. He wasn't arrogant like most of the doctors. He acted like a normal human being on the same plane as everyone else. He had a caring bedside manner, an incredibly brilliant mind, and he was always so cool and collected when things were going down hill. She continued to think about Dr. Carter while she drove back to her dorm on campus.  

"Okay, let's get him off to CT" Dr. Carter ordered as he peeled his gloves off. Erin and the rest of the trauma team quickly packaged the patient and moved him onto the transport gurney. Within seconds the man was being wheeled through the double doors, a parade of nurses and beeping monitors behind him. Soon it was only Dr. Carter and Erin in the trauma bay. Not wanting to leave just yet, Erin began packing up the equipment to be sent back to central supply. Dr. Carter stood with his back to her, washing his hands. "It's kind of odd to think that was the last patient we will ever treat in here." he said. 

"Yeah," Erin agreed. "But the new ER looks fantastic. Equipment that actually works, and enough beds to--" Erin let out a small cry and pulled her hand back from the tray she was wrapping. Dr. Carter turned and asked "What's wrong?" 

Erin pulled her gloves off to examine her palm. "I cut myself. It must be from the scalpel. Dr. Carter furrowed his brow and walked over to her, still drying his hands. "Was it dirty, or clean?" 

"Clean. We didn't use the scalpel from this tray." She replied. She had already grabbed gauze and was holding it to her palm. 

"Let me see." 

"I'm okay." 

"That's good. Now let me see." Before Erin could protest any more, he added "I am a doctor, you know. Please?" 

Reluctantly she extended her hand. The doctor gently lifted the gauze and pulled her hand closer to him. He inspected the wound and had her wiggle all her fingers before telling her she would need a few stitches. He turned away from her and began gathering supplies from the wall. 

"Why don't you have a seat? I can have you all fixed up in a few minutes." 

"Don't I have to check in, and jump through all the on-the-job hoops?" 

"Do you want to?" 

"No. Not really." She admitted. 

"Alright then. Hop up on the table." He headed back towards her, and his smile removed any argument she could have mustered. Obediently she sat on the edge of the trauma table and held out her hand once more.  

Erin was surprised how gentle Dr. Carter was. Since he wasn't hurting her at all, her mind was allowed to wander. She noticed the scent of his cologne. Subtle, but very alluring. She struggled to keep her voice neutral as his hip touched the outside of her knee. Erin was a little disappointed when he clipped the last suture. "Thank you so much Dr. Carter." 

"You can call me Brian" he said as he wrapped her hand in clean gauze. 

"Okay. Thank you Brian. I really appreciate it. You need to let me make this up to you somehow." 

Dr. Carter seemed a little amused as he asked "Oh? What do you have in mind?" 

Erin blushed a little. "I don't know. What would you like?" 

Without another word, Dr. Carter moved in closer. He gently caressed her cheek, then with his fingers slowly tilted her chin up. He leaned down and their lips met. The kiss was soft and tender. For Erin it seemed to last an eternity and her head was spinning. All too soon, he pulled back and whispered "I'm sorry." Erin reached up with her good hand and found his cheek. "Don't be." She leaned forward, and their lips met again. Erin opened her mouth, Dr. Carter quickly following suit. Their tongues danced and played, their breathing coming quicker. Still kissing, she spread her legs apart. Not needing any instruction, Dr. Carter shifted and moved so that he was standing between her legs, their bodies now pressing together. He moved his hand to the back of her neck and felt tiny goosebumps. Erin wrapped her arms around him, pulling his chest against hers. She could feel a bulge growing in Dr. Carter's pants, pressing against her thigh. She let out a soft moan, and the hard bulge gave a little twitch. Their kissing became more urgent, and uninhibited. Erin slid to the very end of the table and Dr. Carter adjusted a little, pressing the rock hard bulge in his pants directly against her crotch. Erin moaned again, then pulled against his ass, pushing his cock harder against her pussy. Their kissing became near frantic, their breathing coming in hot, fast bursts. Dr. Carter began grinding into her, rubbing against her through their pants. 

Suddenly Erin moved her hands to his chest and pushed him away, pulling away from the kiss. Dr. Carter looked a little confused and disappointed, but Erin grinned at him, saying "I think I know what I can do to make it up to you." With that, she slid off the table and gently pushed him, so that he was leaning against the table, Erin now standing in front of him. She looked up and kissed him again. She was running her hands along his chest, slightly shocked at how hard his chest was under her hands. Reaching down with her good hand, she began rubbing his thigh. Soon her hand found his hard cock, and she grabbed him through his pants. Dr. Carter let out a moan and Erin couldn't help but smile. She began stroking him, feeling him pressing hard against his pants. She pulled away from his kiss, and found the drawstring to his scrubs. She undid the knot, and instantly his pants slid down a few inches. 

Erin got down on her knees in front of him, pulling his pants and boxers down below his knees, taking extra care not to bend the huge cock that sprung out in front of her. He was easily seven inches long, but the girth is really what impressed her. She traced a finger up the inside of his thigh, then ran in along the under side of his shaft. A small pearl of precum emerged from the head and slowly began oozing down. She wrapped her hand around his shaft, and began stroking his hard cock. She heard his breathing get faster, and she increased her tempo as well. After a minute of sliding her hand up and down his hard shaft she leaned in and licked the large purple head. Dr. Carter let out a little whimper, only encouraging her more. She began swirling her tongue around the head, still sliding her hand up and down his shaft. She could taste his precum and eagerly lapped it up. 

Erin then took the whole head of his rock hard cock in her mouth and began sucking. She began sliding her head down, taking more of him into her mouth. She purposely went slow, teasing him. Once she had a few inches inside her mouth she began to pull it out, again slowly and deliberately. She did this a few times more, each time taking a little more of his dick in her mouth. She paused to suck on just the head before she changed pace and quickly took his whole cock in her mouth and down her throat as fast as she could. Dr. Carter made a deep grunting noise and put one hand on the back of her head. With his other hand he grabbed the edge of the exam table to brace himself.  

She began sucking his dick hard and fast, taking as much down the back of her throat as she could. She fondled his balls while she did this, and soon felt them begin to tighten up. Dr. Carter tried to pull back, but was braced between the table and Erin down on her knees, servicing his throbbing cock. He tried to warn her, "I'm gonna..I'm gonna cum" he stammered, but that only seemed to encourage her. She was sucking him hard, his dick sliding past her voluptuous lips, and down her throat. She cradled his balls in her hand, and soon his whole body went rigid. Slightly pushing her head down on his straining cock, he let out a grunt and began filling her mouth with his hot sticky load. 

Erin felt the ropes of cum shoot into her mouth and managed to drink most of it down. A small trickle of cum leaked from the corner of her mouth and down her chin. She continued to suck his cock, draining every last drop of cum from him. When she felt his erection begin to flag she pulled her head away and looked up. Dr. Carter had a dazed look on his face, a grin slowly working its way across his handsome face. "Wow. That was...wow." 

Erin couldn't help but giggle a little as she wiped the cum from her chin with a finger, and then slid the finger in her mouth, sucking it clean. She stood up and leaned into the doctor. She could feel his heart racing as her breasts pushed into his chest. He looked down and again their lips met. This kiss was slower, gentler. Erin was surprised when he slid his tongue into her mouth, her last boyfriend would never kiss her after she gave him a blow job. 

Dr. Carter wrapped his arms around her thin waist. He began slowly kissing the side of her neck and worked his way up to her ear lobe. He felt the girl shiver as she tilted her head to the side a little, to give him more room. He opened his mouth to whisper into her ear when the overhead pager interrupted him.  

"Dr. Carter, you're needed in room 12, Dr. Carter room 12."  

He let out a sigh and rested his head on her shoulder. Erin lingered for a moment, then pulled away. Dr. Carter reluctantly leaned down and pulled up his pants and boxers. As he was tying the drawstring he saw the look of indecision on Erin's sweet face. She seemed to be struggling with her words. "Where do we go from here?" she whispered. Without any hesitation, he leaned down and kissed her on the cheek. "How about dinner?"   

It was two weeks until their busy schedules allowed them an evening together. After dinner Erin and Dr. Carter walked around the marina, hand in hand. At first Erin was nervous, but conversation came easy and she soon relaxed. Before long they found themselves back at the parking lot. 

"Well, I don't really want to let you go just yet," Dr. Carter said as he slipped his arm behind Erin's back. "I don't want to wait another two weeks to see you again, outside the hospital." 

"I agree," Erin whispered. "What do you have in mind?" 

"I hope I'm not being too forward, but how about we go to my place? It doesn't need to be anything intimate, I just want to spend time with you" he quickly added. 

Without hesitation, Erin answered "That sounds nice." 



The two of them sat on the sofa sipping wine and watching the fire crackle in the hearth. The conversation had slowed, though it wasn't awkward. Both were relaxed as they stroked each other's hands, mesmerized by the flames. It only seemed natural when Dr. Carter leaned over to nuzzle her neck. Erin set her glass down on the side table, leaving both hands free to caress his hand and arms. Dr. Carter sat up and set his glass down as well. "I meant to ask, how's the hand?"  

Erin held her hand up and wiggled all of her fingers. There was only a thin pink line on her palm. "Good as new. I had a fantastic doctor." 

"Oh?" Dr. Carter asked, playfully. 

"Oh yes. He was so skilled and gentle, I hardly felt a thing. And he was very attractive. Tall, strong. Sexy eyes." 

Dr. Carter took Erin's hand in his and softly kissed it. "Are you trying to make me jealous? It's working." 

Erin let out a laugh and Dr. Carter continued kissing her hand. He began working his way up her arm and soon was at the slinky strap of her black dress. He moved a hand to the back of her head and ran his fingers through her scalp. He continued to work his way up, then softly slid his tongue up her neck. Erin let out a gasp. He continued kissing her neck and found his way to her ears. Erin felt his hot breath against her, and wrapped her arms around his chest. Their mouths met again, and Erin slid closer, pressing her chest against him. It wasn't long before Dr. Carter's hands slid down her shoulders and found her breasts. Even through the dress and bra he could feel her hard nipples poking through. He took a breast in each hand, cupping them, and softly squeezing. His thumbs found the nipples, caressing them through the fabric. 

Erin pulled away from the kiss, her hands against his chest. She slowly began unbuttoning the buttons, one at a time. When she got towards the bottom she gave the shirt a tug and it came untucked. She slid her hands inside the shirt, her palms against the smooth skin of his chest and belly. She ran her fingers up and down, making invisible shapes and patterns. She wrapped her arms around him, then finished untucking the shirt. Erin brought her hands back to his hard chest and began sliding the shirt off of his shoulders. With a little help the shirt was soon tossed to the floor. Erin returned her hands and was once more caressing his chest. 

Dr. Carter ran a finger down Erin's belly and commented "It doesn't seem fair, me sitting her half naked, and you completely dressed." Erin met his eyes and shot him a wicked grin. "I agree." 

Erin stood up, turned her back to the doctor, and walked over towards the fireplace. With her back still turned she reached behind her, found the zipper to her dress, and slowly began unzipping it. Creamy white skin was exposed, then the black bra, and finally the small of her back. Only then did Erin turn and face her captive audience. She crossed her arms in front of her, taking a strap in each hand. Then slowly, almost painfully so, she began pulling the dress down. The fire cast faint shadows across her shoulders and chest. Dr. Carter could clearly see her perky tits in the black satin bra, and her flat tummy slid into view. Finally she dropped the straps and the dress slid completely down. She stood before him in the firelight, wearing a matching black thong and her heels. 

Not needing any more encouragement, Dr. Carter quickly slipped off his shoes and walked over to her. He wrapped his arms around her and pulled her close. Before he kissed her he whispered "You're beautiful." As their bodies pressed against one another Erin could feel his hard cock, straining against his pants. She slid her fingers down his side until she reached his pants. Her fingers worked their way to the front and undid his belt. She deftly undid the button and slid the zipper down, his cock pressing hard against it. His pants slid down to the floor and Erin began sliding her hands towards the bulge in his boxers. Before she could make it Dr. Carter gently grabbed her hand and pulled it away. He leaned down and in one fluid motion picked the girl up, into his arms. As he carried her towards the bedroom he told her "Now it's time for me to spoil you." 

He set her down next to the bed, and held her until she found her feet. He stood behind her, his hands resting on her hips. His fingers slid up her sides and belly. As his fingers traced shapes along her skin he felt little goosebumps erupt. He kissed her shoulders and neck, feeling her body shiver. His fingertips danced towards the satin bra, and ran along the lower edge of the material. He undid the clasp that was between her breasts and the garment fell away. He looked over Erin's shoulder and saw her breasts finally exposed to him. They weren't exceptionally large, but perky. Pink nipples stood out in contrast to her milky white skin. He cupped each mound in his hands, rolling the taught nipples between his thumbs and fingers. His hands took turns, playing with her tits and caressing her chest and tummy. The whole time he kissed her shoulders, neck, and ears. 

One hand began tracing lines lower and lower down her abdomen. He paused to draw little circles around her navel before continuing south. When he came to the waist of her panties he slid one fingertip inside the elastic, then ran his finger to her side. He slid his finger out of the waist, and ran his fingertips along the front of the tight black fabric. He could feel Erin's breathing quicken. He caressed her soft thighs, but purposefully avoided touching her pussy. This continued for several minutes, Erin's breathing getting even faster. He was rubbing the front of her panties and finally slid a finger down along her pussy lips, still through the fabric. Erin let out a moan and grabbed his thighs. Dr. Carter pushed his hips towards her tight ass, his cock pressing into her. He began teasing at her pussy lips, tracing them through the damp material. He found her clit and made passes at it, as he stroked her. Soon the crotch of her panties were soaked with her juices. He pressed against her slit, but the panties wouldn't allow his fingers to penetrate her. 

Erin's knees began to tremble, but Dr. Carter held her up. His hips and cock were grinding against her ass as his fingers slid along her wet panties. He grabbed the waist of her panties and pulled up, causing the crotch to pull against her pussy. Erin ground her hips, causing the material to pull harder against her swollen lips. After what seemed an eternity Dr. Carter eased his hand into her thong. His slid his middle finger down her soft pussy lips and found her wet slit. With his thumb he pressed against the nub of her clit. Erin let out a yell as her entire body shuddered. Her pussy clenched as waves of pleasure rocked her body. She leaned back against Dr. Carter's chest, catching her breath. "Oh my God...that was...amazing." Dr. Carter chuckled as he wrapped his arms around her. "But we're only just getting started."