 The following story is a fantasy.

*****

The first time Mrs C. entered my office, I was struck by her beauty. She was the kind of beauty that no amount of illness can hide. Though she had lost weight and looked very pale, she had a very pleasant face. Now I don't go around rating my patients for beauty, but neither can I shut of my brain. When a beautiful woman enters my consultation room I take note... and continue doing my job professionally.

I listened to her story with rising astonishment. She told me she had stomach cramps for two years now, and that more recently she had been losing weight. Unfortunately she had found no understanding with her family doctor, who had told her it was irritable bowel syndrome and nothing could be done about it... Only after she had pressed him he had done some laboratory tests which had shown she was also anaemic. Her family doctors referral letter had mentioned none of this, just the anaemia. It was clear that first consultation she was highly frustrated with doctors, and was not expecting much from me, a medical specialist still in training. I listened to her story, did a physical examination and ordered some extra bloodwork. 

When she came back a few weeks later I had some bad news for her. The bloodwork had quickly confirmed my suspicions, she had Celiac disease, better known as gluten allergy. Do not let crazy foodies and fitgirls fool you, actual celiac disease is very different from not eating gluten because the latest magazines tell you you shouldn't. The inflammation disrupts the function of the gut, explaining her weight loss and anaemia. The treatment is as simple as it is horrible. No gluten, not ever, no matter how good that roasted garlic bread smells, eat one slice of it and you are back to square one. All this I told her and to my great surprise she thanked me, glad that someone had finally figured out what was wrong with her. She said she wanted to hug me then, but I told her I liked to keep some professional distance, a handshake would suffice.

She remained my patient for several months, in which she had to undergo some further tests, while learning to cope with a glutenfree diet. She gained eight kilos of weight in that time and her anaemia recovered. The last time she entered my office, she looked a different person. I hadn't seen her for over a month, and when I called her in I was astonished by her beauty. Her face had lost its gaunt hue and now her full lips and high cheekbones stood out even more. Winter had turned to late spring, so instead of a turtleneck she was wearing a rather low cut blouse, showing off quite some cleavage. 

I was running late that day, as I called her in the secretary waved at me that she was leaving, trusting me to lock the doors when I left.

I only had good news for Mrs C this time; "your blood tests have completely normalised," I told her, "it seems you are sticking to your diet very well." She smiled at me, and my heart jumped a little. "From now on, you will only have to come in for a check-up once every year, as long as you stick to the diet, you will be fine."

She stood up, and I had to admire her grace, "well, I will not be seeing you for a year then, still no hugs?" she said playfully.

"Actually, in a few months I will transfer to a different hospital to finish my training, so I will have to refer you to my supervisor, he will see you from now on"

She actually looked sad, "Oh no! I really enjoyed having you as my doctor, I was so glad when you figured out what was going on! you actually listened!"

My supervisor is a very nice guy and as he learned me most of what I know, I was pretty confident when I told her he would treat her as well as I had. I stood up to shake her hand and say goodbye, but she surprised me. "Well, if you are not my doctor anymore I am definitely hugging you!" She closed the distance between us and embraced me before I could react. Now I have been hugged by patients before, usually by elderly ladies who are too sweet to say no to, it is always the same awkward one sided thing, where I sort of let it happen but do not return the embrace. This time however as she embraced me, when I smelled the sweet smell of her perfume and felt her breasts pressed against my chest, my body betrayed me. I returned the hug, pressing her closer to me than was proper and letting it last for just a second too long. As we parted, our faces remained close to each other. My rational mind was washed away completely by a deep all-devouring lust I hadn't felt in a long time. I am sure she could see it in my eyes... With a certain shock I realised my hands were still on her hips. The moment was about to break and I started to step back, when both her hands dug in my hair at the nape of my neck and pulled my lips unto hers, and every hope of making a rational decision left me. 

Here lips were as warm and soft as they were full, and she kissed me with a hungry passion. We parted for just a second to catch our breath, and I looked into her beautiful brown eyes. They mirrored the raw hungry lust that I felt in my stomach. As our lips met again she discarded my white coat and dug her hands under my shirt, running her nails over my back in a way that drove me mad. I kissed her neck and unbuttoned her blouse. My searching fingers went for the clasp of her bra, but stopped as I felt a gentle push against my sternum. she stepped back, looked me in the eye and ran her hands over her breasts, showing of the beautiful way the dark blue fabric accentuated their fullness. Slowly she unclasped her bra and treated me to a small striptease as she slowly lowered it, dropped it to the floor and caressed her breasts and nipples.

Only then she invited me to close the space between us, and she buried her hands in my hair as I buried my face against her breasts, kissing her nipples and marvelling at the softness of her skin. She moved to undo my belt and jeans, but this time it were my hands that stopped hers and gently pushed her back, inviting her to sit on my desk as I kissed my way down her stomach and slowly undid her pants. The panties she wore matched the beautiful dark blue bra and contrasted wonderfully with her skin. I was greeted by the intoxicating smell of sex as I lowered her jeans, kneeled before her and kissed her upper thigh. 

Looking up, I saw her biting her lip and look down at me expectantly as I slowly hooked my fingers under the waistband of her panties and lowered them down past her knees. I was greeted by a neatly trimmed pussy, a well kept triangle of dark short hairs and slightly spread labia. I kissed her and could hear her sucking in her breath. I relished at the tangy taste of her juices and relished even more at the soft moans that escaped her mouth as my tongue hit its mark. Her moans slowly got more high pitched and louder as I alternated between licking the length of her pussy and concentrating on her clit. Her hands were pulling my head further between her legs and she pulled my hair up to that wonderfully enjoyable point of mixed pain and pleasure. I was so very glad I was the last person working today as her moans crescendo-ed into an orgasm that ended with her giggling slightly and looking down at me with a glow in her eyes only a good orgasm can give a woman. 

She pulled my face back up to hers and kissed me before whispering: "you should take your pants off now." She watched me intently as I undid my belt and jeans. As I freed my painfully hard cock from my boxers, she gingerly stepped forward and caressed its length with her nails, coercing grunting moans from my lips as she removed a bit of precum from the tip with her finger and rubbed it over my glans. She kissed me again, then slowly turned towards my desk, still holding my cock. She bent over slightly, supporting herself and looked back at me, whispering: "I need you to fuck me now, doctor." I would like to tell you that I fucked her for hours in every way I could think of, but the truth is better than that good sounding lie... Seldom have I had sex with anyone so ready to receive me. As I entered her she moved back towards me and the movements of her hips stimulated me in ways that I find hard to describe. She had me on the brink of orgasm in a shamingly short amount of time. I managed to hold of briefly, but before long succumbed to the pleasure, cumming deep inside her with her last name on my lips.

She pulled me close to her body in the afterglow of my orgasm, with my head rested against hers she caressed my hair with one hand and, while whispering unimaginable erotic suggestions in my ear, slowly rubbed the length of my softening cock with the other. Her hand massaged down my length, with an extended index finger occasionally softly probing between my balls towards my anus. She soon had me hard again, and before my head had time to clear, she sank to her knees and took me in her mouth. It was such an amazingly erotic sight to see and feel this beautiful woman taking my cock in her mouth, caressing my balls while stimulating her own clit. She even took me between hear breasts. I had seen tit jobs in porn before, always thinking them to be degrading to the woman in question... But there was nothing degrading about this as there could be no question about who was in control as I watched in fascination and mounting pleasure as my cock slipped between the soft skin of her breasts. Finally she got herself to the point of orgasm, and as she moaned in pleasure on my cock, I came for the second time that day, and my mind went blank...

Afterwards we got dressed, she left me with a final kiss on my lips. I knew I could never see her again, and I am sure she knew it too.

A few days later, one of our secretaries told me a card had come for me in the mail. It was a funny "thank you" card. All it said was: "Thank you doctor for your amazing care, Mrs C." It still hangs on the wall above my computer.

*****

Thank you for reading my story, It has been very long since I published anything I wrote, If you have any feedback you would like to share, either constructive or just because you liked what you read, please do not hesitate to do so.

Love,

Thom