 There she stood. How he would remember her forever. Frozen in this moment. Beautiful. Naked. Except her sneakers. Tanned. Smooth. Exquisite. Lean but shapely. Her perfect round tits hung as if defying gravity. Her shapely legs revealed her constant yoga regimen. Her toned arms flexed. Revealing a strength he had not expected but now cherished. Her hair in two loose braids. Standing solidly like a newly carved marble statue. Gazing at him. She looked at him the way he felt inside every time he saw her. Ready to pounce and devour him whole. Smiling confidently. 

The past hour had been more than Dr. York could have ever fantasized about. Just an hour ago Nicole had come into his office and York dared her to reveal what he thought was just a simple crush. The look on her face now was evidence that this young woman had more on her mind than a crush. She looked at him lustily. Still breathing heavily from the orgasm he had just generated in her body. He had explored her deepest crevices with his mouth alone. Touched her in ways no one had ever touched her before. Gave her knowledge of his deep desire for her. Knowledge she now held in the sway of her hips. The very way she stood told him he was hers now. She had all of the power. And York reveled in it. He had spent his years in higher education taking care of students. In this moment he knew what had made Nicole so special. He knew in his gut that she would take care of him. Make sure he was alright. Hold him. Make him feel good. He would never want again. And there she stood. His panther. Just seconds ago she declared he would empty his seed into her cunt. His black beautiful cock she had said. He hoped to not disappoint her. Now or ever. 

She stepped towards him but as she did she reached up into her dark brown hair and undid her braids. Shook her head vigorously and let her natural curls drape over her face and neck. She was most definitely a panther now. And he her prey. She raised her right leg and placed her foot in the chair on the outside of his thigh. She did the same with her left. York undid his pants and released his bulging cock free of its restraint. His 9 inch dick sprang to attention. She squatted in the air above him and leaned in to give him the deepest passionate kiss he'd ever experienced. Her mouth was warm. Inviting. Her tongue pressed into his open mouth. Just like his had done to her pussy not that long ago. 

She held his head as she continued to kiss him. The thoughts running through her head. So much at once. All of her dreams were coming into reality in this moment. All those nights masturbating to his photo. Sitting in his classes lost in thought not knowing what he was lecturing about as she fantasized about this very moment. Once her roommate had caught her mid orgasm yelling out his name. She thought she was alone. But as she lay there in bed with her laptop propped up on a pillow staring at his picture she saw her roommate Daphne staring from her open door. It was too late to stop the rush of heat from deep in her loins. Nor did she care. As the waves of ecstasy rolled through her she called out to York but with her eyes now on Daphne. Daphne waited for her to finish then crawled into her bed next to her. Held her gently and said "please send me the link to that photo". Kissed her on her sweaty forehead and walked out. With that she got up. When Nicole got her bearings she sent her the link via text. Later that evening Nicole heard Daphne calling out for Dr. York as well. Eventually everyone had the photo and almost every evening the young coeds of the apartment would hear at least one other girl calling out for Dr. York. They never talked about it openly. It just became a routine of the House. She wondered how Dr. York would react if he knew female students on campus were nightly masturbating to his photo. 

She knew he could have anyone woman on this campus. But here she was with him. He belonged to her and she'd never share. Well maybe with Daphne. But she could tell by the look on his face he would do anything she asked of him. She probably always knew. He didn't spend hours talking to any other student. He was never always available to other students. He could have kicked her out at anytime. He made students wait when she was in his office. He never seemed rushed with her. She would return the favor. She would be his. Fully. Completely. Openly. And it would start with this fuck. She would fuck him into heaven if she had to. She would make his cock explode like he had just made her cunt reach new heights of pleasure. 

She pulled her mouth from him and raised a little higher and leaned forward so her tits were now in his face. York couldn't believe how long she stood above him in the squat position. Now her tits were in his face. He eagerly took one in his mouth. His left hand reached for the other. Hungrily he sucked and slobbered all over her right breast. His right hand reached around to grab her ass. He searched for the crack and her butthole once again but she kept it just out of his reach. She giggled at him knowing she was keeping him at bay. She pulled away and looked into his upturned face.

"I'm going to fuck you now. Me. Your Nicole. I want you to feel the joy you just gave me. I'm going to swallow that thick beautiful brown cock of yours with my pussy." The words came from her like a cat purring in pleasure. 

And with that she grabbed his rock hard cock with her hand and guided it to her waiting hole. She held it at the base. He was larger than she imagined. Not pornstar large but definitely substantial. She knew he would fill her completely. She couldn't believe she was grasping his cock. It was hot and throbbing. She could feel it getting harder under her grasp. Rubbing her natural lubricant on the tip of his cock she began. And then without warning sunk her hips down suddenly and enveloped his whole cock in one motion. They both gasped audibly into each other's face. Never having left each other's gaze. He couldn't believe how warm and soft her insides were. His cock was wrapped in the most perfect way as if it had been specially created just for this pussy alone. She was tight but not uncomfortabley tight. Just complete perfection. 

Her hair draped down from her face and rested on his. He reached up to brush it away. He needed to look deep into his panther's eyes as she fucked him. Up and down she went. Deliberately. Slowly. Each time up she almost came completely off his cock but didn't and then she would sink back down again until he could feel her hip bones grinding in his lap. He just wanted this to last. Each time she came down she would kiss him. When she would raise up she would look deep into his eyes. No words were necessary between them. Many words had passed between them over the last year. Those words were only a way to get to this moment. They used to fill the space between them. Kept their bodies at bay. Now there was no need for them. He knew that as much as he belonged to her she belonged to him. 

"mmmm. Yessss. Mmmm. Unh. Shiiit. Yes. Deeep." She said as she picked up her pace. "Do You like me like this?"

"Oh goddddd yesssss!" He grunted. 

York was trying his best to not cum instantly. 

"You are perfect. Please don't st..."

His words were cut short as Nicole suddenly began to buck her hips in wild abandonment. He had called her perfect. Her! She was determined to live up to his expectations. She was his forever and she was going to make sure he was never unsatisfied. Never. Nicole ground her hips and went up and down his cock furiously. He lost all words. Her pace was unbelievable. He wasn't sure what suddenly got into her but he was not about to stop it. He reached one hand around to grab onto her ass and with his other he reached down in between them and found her clit. Between her own motion and his hand on her clit she lost all sense of civility. 

"Oh god.! You are my black god!" She growled into his ear. "Fuuuuck me! Fuck! Me! I'm yours! Fuck me. Fuck me. Fuck meeeeeeee! Fill my cunt with your black seed. Give it all to meeeee! I will fuck you forever! Anywhere. Anytime. Fuuuuck!! Ungh! Aieeee!! Unghh! I'm going to cuuummmm!!" 

And with that York grabbed her hips and pistoned upwards into her as hard and as fast as he could. Her cunt was squeezing the hell out of his cock. He wasn't going to last much longer. The sensation in the space between his balls and his anus grew and grew. He could feel it building from deep in his thighs. He could tell Nicole was reaching the peak of her climax. Never losing eye contact with him she could tell he was close. She wanted more than anything else for him to cum with her. 

"Cum for me cum for me cum for me cum for."

It became a chant. One word indistinguishable from the next. 

"Cumformecumformecumformecumformeeeeee!"

And he did. York unleashed a flood of cum like he had never done before. The sensation was overwhelming. His cock throbbing in unison with her pulsating cunt. Their waves of passion matched each other. No longer were they two people climaxing. But just one body in full orgasm. They held each other for what seemed like an hour. Maybe it was. Then all of the strength Nicole had displayed. Offered to him. Was gone. Her legs slipped down the side of the chair. Her head dropped onto his chest. He was still wearing his work shirt and bow tie. She hadn't even remembered him unbuttoning his pants and sliding them down to his ankles. He had seen her completely naked and she hadn't seen anything of his body. She felt it though. York wasn't big but he was fit. He clearly exercised regularly. She knew he had been an athlete in college and still liked to train now. She could feel his muscles through his sweat soaked shirt. She loved that his bow tie was still on. He often wore slim fitting pants. Just tight enough to let you know he had a firm ass and strength in his legs. 

Next time she promised herself he would be the naked one face down on his desk. and her face would be buried in his ass. Sucking on his butthole. Stroking his cock and milking him. She just lay there now though. All energy spent. She was as emotionally drained as she was physically. Here arms wrapped around his neck. 

"So I'm perfect?" She asked breathlessly. 

Raising her head slightly to look into his eyes longingly to make sure she hadn't imagined he had said it earlier. 

"No one has been more perfect. And no one will ever be." 

And with that she kissed him deeply with the last ounce of strength she had and then slipped back down to rest her head on his chest. His arms now wrapped around her. Protecting her. And he would. Always. This were her last thoughts as she drifted into sleep. York's last thoughts before drifting off was that Nicole was a only a junior. They had one more year together and what a year it would be.