 The following story is a fantasy.

*****

I was having lunch in the staff restaurant when I heard my name called: "Thom! Hey! I didn't know you worked here!" I almost choked on my tomato soup when I looked up to see who it was. "Brie, Hi" It took me a second to regain myself, Brie was my first ever head over heels love, years ago back in my first years of uni. And like is so often the case with first loves, she left a tiny scar on my soul. "I've worked here for the past two years, what about you? since when do you work here?" I'd never seen her in the hospital before, but then again, she was a dental surgeon and I a medical doctor, our specialities don't mix much. 

She shrugged, "I started yesterday, but it is just to fill in for a pregnancy leave, so I'll be here for a few months. Can I join you?"

"Sure, grab a chair..." How is it that someone you haven't thought about in years can still bring you of balance so easily? She hadn't changed one bit. She had the same blonde ponytail, still wore a dark blue polo shirt under her white doctors coat and sported the same careless air I fell in love with so many years ago.

"How have you been, Thom?" she asked. Damn, even her smile hadn't changed, it still had the power to make me feel queezy. I gave myself a mental kick, come on, I wasn't an eighteen year old boy anymore, was I?

"I have been great, this is a very nice place to work, you'll see!"

We talked for a while, it turned out she still lived in the city we both studied in, which was an hour drive from the hospital, and hadn't found a fixed job yet. We reminisced about our student days for a while, but didn't touch on the subject of our short-lived romance. After a while my pager inevitably started beeping. I looked at her apologetically: "seems like duty calls, I guess I'll be seeing you around!" 

She smiled, "Sure, want to meet for lunch tomorrow?" 

"I wish I could, but I start a block of night shifts tomorrow, next week?"

"Oh cool, I have my first night shift in three days, see you then!"

I smiled, dental surgeons almost never have to come in during night shifts, especially not in a small local hospital like this. "yea right, like you lot ever have to actually come in."

She grimaced, "No, We don't, I was smart when I chose my speciality, however..." She sighed deeply, "As I live an hour drive from the hospital, I have to sleep here just in case something comes up." Her grimace turned into a grin when she added: "Still, I will be sleeping and you will be working your ass off"

My pager started beeping again, "really gotta run, Brie, good luck with your hospital sleep-in!" The rest of the day flew by in a haze and I was glad to be able to spend the next day relaxing and napping in preparation for my night shifts. My thoughts went to Brie and her wonderful smile a few times. But I managed to fix that with a long shower.

The first two of my night shifts were rather uneventful. I would arrive the hospital to find the ER swarmed with people, worked my way through the slowly dwindling list of patients, having to run up to the ward occasionally if there was a problem there. Usually at four o'clock most of the work was taken care of so I sat around at the nurses station, chatting or napping, occasionally being paged to solve a small problem.

When I arrived for my third and last night shift I ran into Brie in the parking lot. "Here for your hospital slumber party?" I joked. She stuck out her tongue and pulled a book out of her bag. "Go and run to the ER, doc," she said teasingly, "I have a nice book to read."

The ER was more quiet then it had been the days before, but still it was three in the morning when things started to quiet down. I was returning from the Nephrology ward where I'd been to check on a patient when I ran into Brie at the water cooler, looking a bit dishevelled. "What are you doing up?"

"Can't sleep," She grumbled, I keep checking if my pager is working and tossing around on that crappy bed in the on-call room." I grinned, "yea, those are crappy beds, but at least there is a coffee machine, I could do with some coffee right now"

"Let's have a coffee then," she said, suddenly her careless self again, "Unless you are too busy?"

I smiled, "I never pass up a chance to sit for coffee during a night shift, you never know how long until the next opportunity to take a break."

5 minutes later we sat in the small lounge area of the on-call room, sipping bad coffee from paper cups. She sat next to me on the old sagging couch, her legs pulled up high and her head resting on her knees. I couldn't help myself but smile... "What's that silly smile for?" She asked.

"I couldn't help but think that in ten years, you haven't changed a bit." Something in her face changed, I find it hard to describe, like she looked at me in a different way. She inched a little closer to me and I was suddenly aware of the smell of her hair; peach shampoo, just like all those years ago. She spoke softly: "you on the other hand have changed a great deal," her hand was resting against my knee, she wasn't touching, or caressing, her hand was just there and we were both aware of it. "You really were in love with me back then, weren't you?" I could only nod. Our faces were close and I could not help but wonder if her lips were still as soft as I remembered, and if she tasted the same. She closed her eyes, moving her face closer to mine...

*BEEEEEEP* The moment shattered as we both jumped at the shrill ring of my pager, knocking our heads against eachother. I realised right away as I answered the call there was no going back, the moment had passed, all tension replaced with a uncomfortable awkwardness. Feeling like a coward I said: "Oncology patient with a high fever, got to run," and fled the room.

I didn't see Brie much after that night. Like I said, medical doctors and dental surgeons don't run into each other much, and she slowly slipped from my mind. Until a few months later I walked into the on-call room at four in the morning, expecting it to be deserted, only to find Brie sitting cross-legged on the couch with a book in her lap. She was wearing a loose shirt and baggy pants, her white coat discarded on a chair, like last time, she looked dishevelled, and sexy. I froze, feeling the familiar knot in my stomach. Her face lit up as she looked up and saw me standing in the doorway. "Thom! I was hoping I'd see you on my last shift here!" She pushed the book aside and gracefully rose from the couch.

In a few steps, she closed the distance between us. "Brie, I..." I stammered, but she interrupted me: "Shush, before that thing starts beeping again" with that she pulled my lips to hers, and for the first time in ten years I again tasted the woman who had haunted my dreams for so long... I remember vaguely thinking this was a bad idea, but the thought was firmly pushed to the back of my mind as she lost no time sliding my coat of my shoulders and letting it drop to the floor. She playfully bit my lower lip, triggering more memories of days gone by and fuelling my arousal. She slid her hands under my shirt up my chest and drew them back down, her nails digging into my skin. Her tongue played with mine, driving me slowly mad with lust. I pulled her close to me, feeling her small but firm breasts pressing against my chest. She slowly stepped back, drawing me along with her, and sat down on the old couch, puling me on top of her. My hardening cock was pressing against her crotch and she pressed her pelvis against mine with a moan. I kissed her, and let my knees slide to the floor in front of her, between her legs. She lifted her hips, allowing me to slide her pants and thong down. There was a hunger in her eyes as she looked down on me. "Lick me, Thom, she whispered and groaned as I promptly did as I was ordered.  

She threw back her head in pleasure as I sank my tongue in her folds, for the first time tasting the girl I had lusted after for so long. Her taste was a tangy mix of sex and summer fruit. Her hands found my head and she pulled me closer, digging her nails in the back of my head. She took her pleasure, rolling her hips and pressing her pussy against my mouth. When the tip of my tongue found her clit she lifted her head and looked down at me with lust filled eyes, urging me on. Her moans slowly turned into groans of pleasure as she rode my tongue to orgasm. "Fuck Thom, lick me like you always wanted to!" she groaned, her grunts turning into an open mouthed moan as I felt her leg muscles spasm and she came. We both needed a moment to gasp for air, before she invited me to sit up and pulled my face back to hers and kissed me again... "I need your cock now," she whispered, rolling us over so she was sitting on my lap. 

She did not waste time with taking of any of my clothes, but just undid my belt, zipped open my jeans and freed my cock that had been uncomfortably trapped and was standing at full attention right away. I tried to take of her shirt, to be able to see and kiss her breasts, but failed to muster the focus as she sunk herself over my cock and started to ride me with an urgency bordering on madness. With both her hands on my chest to steady herself she rolled her hips on me, which drove me absolutely insane. All I could do was meet her movements with my hips and hold on for dear life. She lowered her face into the nape of my neck as she worked herself to a second orgasm. I could hear her breath go ragged as her climax approached. Then she came... and she bit down on my shoulder, hard. The sudden pain combined with her vaginal walls spasming in orgasm sent me over the edge and I came with a groan, her name on my lips...

It was over as suddenly as it started, we lay together catching our breaths for a few minutes, I enjoyed feeling her body close to mine, but already I knew this had been a one time thing. After a while we got up and straightened our clothes. This time our goodbye was not awkward as she hugged me one last time before I left to start a final round past the wards. 

When I came home that morning and removed my shirt I was greeted by a reminder, a bite shaped bruise on my left shoulder. It has long since healed, but sometimes I imagine I can still see the outline of her teeth on my skin, a silent reminder that good things come to those who are patient.

*****

Thanks for reading my story! Feedback or general messages are always welcome!

Love,

Thom