 PART 1: PROFESSIONAL COURTESY

Many of you are already familiar with me and my work, but for those of you who don't know me, my name is Dr. Frederick Pound and I am literally a sex machine. Some geniuses use their intellect to cure diseases, develop new technology or answer ancient riddles. Me, I used it to create a couple three supplements which have made me a literal superman of sex. 

First, I wanted to make sure that I was always in the mood and looking for pussy with the same hunger that I did when I was 18. I have a drug which I take once every three days which keeps me in a constant state of horniness.

Secondly, I love nothing more than the sight of a big load of my white sticky cum drenching some babe, covering her face or tits or filling her mouth. But I had learned long ago that the volume of my precious loads, while still impressive, dwindled with the more sex I had. So, my second invention, which I take once a day, stimulates constant production of the seminal fluids and ensures that every load I shoot will be a massive one.

Finally, I took a supplement (which I invented) which made my cock grow in both length and girth. It is now a prodigious 12-inch monster with a circumference that stretches every mouth, pussy and asshole to its limits. I told you I was a genius. 

Even though I'm 40 years old now, I fuck very hard and very fast ... no need to hold back, I'll have another full erection and full load of cum ready in less than five minutes. I'm not into slow, sensual sex. I fuck good and hard. I guess my name suits me.  

I fuck world-class pussy an average of 10 times per day and I fuck an average of 15 different women per week. And if you don't believe me, I have literally thousands of photos and hours of videotape to prove that what I say is true. 

I get fresh hot pussy supplied to me on a regular basis by my brother, who owns several strip clubs and Hooters restaurants (with funding from me). As part of our agreement, he requires any new female employees to come to me for a physical before they start their job and I inevitably end up fucking them after some manner of convincing or deceipt.

I operate my practice out of my house, so I often end up "admitting" the girls for overnight stays and intense examination. Many of you are familiar with "Bunny", a stripper-to-be who I wrote about a while back. That's a typical girl on a typical day for me. 

Well, while my typical day involves me staying in the office and letting the pussy come to me, there are still days when I get out and the natural hunter in me gets a chance to take over. That was the mode I was in the day I met Frankie.

In addition to my stripper patients, I also have a few regular patients. I'm actually a very good doctor and genuinely care about helping those who are sick or injured. I just don't let it get in the way of good pussy.

Anyway, I was called to the hospital one day to check on one of my patients, a woman in her 50s who was very sweet (and who had a smoking-hot 20-year old daughter). I wanted to make sure she was doing OK and I was hoping to bump into her daughter -- over and over again. While her daughter wasn't there, her nurse was. 

I knew her name was Frankie instantly, because that's what her name badge said and that badge was pinned on top of a huge set of tits that were unjustly covered and restrained by her plain white uniform. I saw her tits first, but quickly noticed that she also had a very lovely face with long dark hair and brown eyes and a very fuckable mouth -- you know the kind, the puffy lips and the cheeks that are already hollowed in a little bit as if she were sucking a cock right then.

She looked to be in her late 20s or early 30s and was tall with long, slender legs that looked great in a long skirt and white shoes. Imagine how they'd look in a mini-skirt and heels! Well, I'm not one for imagining, so I made it my mission to find out if she was as hot under that outfit as I expected. 

"Hi Frankie," I said as we stood in the hallway. "I'm Dr. Frederick Pound. I was just checking on Margaret. It seems she's doing pretty well."

"Yes, Doctor," Frankie said. "It's very nice to meet you. Margaret has been raving about what a terrific doctor you are. She is doing great. She'll probably go home tomorrow."

"That's great," I said. "But I can't take all the credit. I'm sure you've been giving her great care."

"We try," Frankie smiled. 

"I'm sure you do more than that," I said, this time glancing down at her tits. 

"Excuse me, doctor," Frankie said, turning away. "I want to show you something on her chart." She turned away and went to the nurse's station and I thought maybe she was offended by my approach. But when she came back, I noticed that she had undone a button on her top. It wasn't much, but it was a clear signal and offered a little bit of cleavage. She made a point of getting close to me and letting me take a good look as she showed me the chart.

After we conferred, she said, "Um, Dr., I've been having some problems and I don't really want to go to one of the doctors here -- you know how it is. Could I maybe schedule an appointment with you sometime?"

"Of course, Frankie," I smiled. I knew I had her and this one was going to be even easier than most. "I actually work out of my house, so why don't you stop by after your shift ends."

"That would be great," she said. "I get off at 7. You're sure that's not too late?"

"Not at all," I said. "Consider it professional courtesy." 

I left the hospital having forgotten all about Margaret's hot daughter. Frankie and her big tits and long legs were on my mind. Another fun night was just a few hours away.

Frankie showed up at 7:30 still in her nursing uniform, though I noticed that two buttons were now undone. I wanted to rip that top off and get down to business, but figured I better take my time. I motioned her to the exam table and had her take a seat.

"So, Frankie," I said. "What kind of problems are you having?"

"Well, they might be as much mental as they are physical," she said. "It's just that I'm kind of jittery and hyper all the time. People at work make me so frustrated sometimes and other times I'm so bored I could cry. I could just be going through a phase, but I know sometimes hormone levels can cause some weird stuff, so I just thought it might be a good idea to get checked out."

"I agree," I said. "I'll be happy to check you out. Why don't we start by having you strip down to your underwear. I need to get a few measurements, then I want to listen to your heart and lungs and get a urine sample."

"Of course, doctor," Frankie said, her nimble fingers quickly moving to the buttons on her top. In a few seconds, she was down to her bra and panties and my suspicions were confirmed. She had a large, firm set of tits that were currently covered by a lacy white bra. Her long legs were athletic and tan and she had a first-rate ass inside a pair of white cotton panties.

I checked her height and weight -- 5-10, 130 -- and her measurements -- 36D-24-34. I expected her to question that part, but she didn't. She was a good nurse, following doctor's orders without question. Oh, this could be fun.

"Undo your bra for me, please," I said, taking out my stethoscope to let her know I intended to listen to her heart and lungs -- ogling her tits was just a fortunate byproduct. Unencumbered, they bounced freely, firm and inviting with her rubbery nipples pointed slightly upward. She had the tits of an 18-year-old. In fact, her whole body was in great shape. I placed the stethoscope between her tits, letting the back of my hand "accidentally" brush against her erect nipple. The cool air in the office was making them grow harder by the second.

"Everything looks great so far," I said. "Now, can you give me a urine sample, please?"

"Actually, I just went before I left work," Frankie said. "Is it really necessary?"

"No," I smiled. "I can get what I need another way. I just need some of your fluid to test. It can be urine or blood, but what really works the best is vaginal fluid."

"Really?"

"Yes," I said. "But I need a fairly large amount. That's why urine or blood are easier. But I'm sure I can get what I need from you if that's OK with you."

"Whatever you say, doctor."

"If you'll just stand with your feet flat and your legs spread a bit, then bend over and rest your arms on the table," I instructed. "Good." I know had a nice view of her ass and quickly pulled her panties down and tossed them aside. She had a beautiful little pussy, all pink and puffy with neatly trimmed dark curls atop her mound. 

"I just have to stimulate some of the vaginal fluid," I said. "Do you like dirty talk?"

"Uh, why?" Frankie asked, a little surprised by my question.

"Because if you do," I said, "I can talk dirty and help you produce the fluid."

"I see, doctor," she said. "Well, yes, I guess I do."

"OK, then," I said. "Spread your legs a little more and let me at that pussy." 

"Yes, doctor."

I wasted no time beating around the bush, if you will, immediately poking my index finger inside her pussy. I was pleased to find it warm and moist. I quickly added two more fingers and started finger-fucking with firm, quick jabs. 

"This is a little more fun than a urine sample, huh?" I chuckled.

"Oh yes, doctor," she said, her breathing already a little heavy. 

"You've got a nice pussy," I said. "Hot and tight. I bet all the doctors over there like it."

"Oh, I don't date any of them," she grunted as I added a fourth finger and began rubbing her clit with my thumb. "I won't allow myself to date anyone I work with. I work all the time, so I haven't dated much lately."

"Maybe that's your problem," I said, inhaling the fragrance of her steaming pussy, "you're not getting enough of this. You're a healthy young woman. This hot little pussy needs some attention. I think it likes attention."

"Yes, it does," she gasped. 

"I bet it hasn't been properly filled for a long time," I said. "I bet you need to have that pussy filled and stretched." I pulled my hand out and replaced it with a 9-inch dildo that was as thick as my wrist. "Here, see if this helps, you little slut."

"Oh fuck, yes," she gasped. "Oh, it's so big, doctor. It's ... oh ... it's stretching me ... I can't ... oh yes ..."

I was twisting her clit between my thumb and forefinger while I pounded her twat with the dildo. She came hard and fast, her legs trembling, juices streaming down her thighs. She slumped against the table, thrusting her hips back against the dildo, still thrusting even after I pulled it out.

I grabbed a spoon and specimen cup and began collecting her juices. When I was done, I held it up for her to see.

"Very good, Frankie," I said. "You gave me an ample sample to run some tests. I'll be right back. Go ahead and clean yourself up, but please remain naked. There's a robe in the bathroom if you want to use it."

I, of course, did nothing with the sample and I'm pretty sure Frankie knew it. She was smart, which I liked. Some acquaintances of mine -- I don't have many true friends -- have the misconception that I only like dumb or ditzy girls and that's why I fuck strippers all the time. Not true. First of all, there are plenty of smart strippers. Secondly, I fuck first-class pussy only, which is where strippers often rank. Whether they are smart or not is of no consequence so long as they're hot. But, yes, I like a smart woman. I liked that Frankie knew what I was up to and was willing to play along. She didn't have to be tricked into doing anything, she just wanted to be told what to do. 

She came out a few minutes later, wearing the white terry cloth robe I had offered. It was too short and too small, so she had to hold the front together to cover her bulging tits and the bottom barely came past her ass. She sat back on the exam table.

"Frankie," I said, "there's nothing wrong with you physically. In fact, pretty much everything is fantastic physically. I think your problem is you're just not getting enough action. You're a young, healthy woman and you need some release for your energy. You need something to get your blood -- and that little clit -- pumping. Lucky for you, I can provide everything you need." I stood up and opened my fly, pulling out all 12 inches of my cock.

"Oh, my," she gasped.

"Yes," I said. "I think a few treatments with this will help you relax and feel a whole lot better. What do you think?"

"Um, well, I don't know," she wasn't able to take her eyes off my cock. "I mean, you're the doctor. Whatever you think is best."

"That's right," I said. "I'm the doctor and you're the naughty little nurse. So, you do what I say. Here, put these on."

I gave her a pair of white stilettos. She hopped off the table and put them on. I pulled off her robe and told her to bend over and grab her ankles. I got behind her and promptly filled her pussy with my cock. She was still hot and wet down there and my rigid poker slid in easily at first, more slowly as the last inches forced their way in. She gasped and started to stagger forward, but I held her hips firm. "Stand still, Frankie," I grunted. "Just relax. Your pussy will stretch. You can take it. You're going to love it." I started pumping, quickly picking up the pace until my balls were slapping against her lovely ass cheeks. I decided to let me hands join the fun, smacking her ass lightly, watching the firm flesh bounce under my touch.

I was drilling her hard and fast, as I usually do and was pleased to feel her pussy clenching my cock and hear her gasping in short, excited breaths as she built to another climax. When she came, her legs went limp and I let her fall to the floor as I stood over her. I straddled her, stroking my cock.

"Open up, slut," I said. She propped herself up on her elbows and opened her mouth, her eyes staring intently at my prick. My cock was probably 18 inches from her face when I started firing. For those of you unfamiliar with my story, when I cum, I cum in gallons, at least 10 strong wads every time. The first wad was a little high, catching her upper lip and I overcorrected, catching the lower lip with the next. The third was right down the middle, skipping her lips, teeth and tongue and probably splattering against her tonsils. She instinctively closed her mouth and swallowed as she felt it hit the back of her throat, so I aimed my next two shots at her nose, promptly covering both nostrils.

Most guys would have been done by now, but I kept firing. I splattered above both eyes and my cum ran through her eyelashes as she blinked to keep it out of her eyes. I finally fired three shots at her tits, drenching those impressive melons. I stepped forward and held my cock in front of her face. She didn't hesitate, opening her mouth and licking it clean. 

"Good job," I smiled, patting her on the top of the head. "Now, lick up and swallow as much of that as you can. What you don't eat, you'll wear home tonight."

She licked and swallowed all of it from her tits and gathered up other wads from her nose and eyes. 

"How's it taste?" I asked. "Bad medicine?"

"Mmm," she smiled, licking her fingers. "No, it's yummy!"

"So," I said. "Do you feel relaxed?"

"Mmm hmm," she smiled. "I'm going to sleep good tonight."

"Good. Well, tomorrow, you're going to be nervous and anxious again. You need much more than what I just gave you. But don't worry, I'm here to help as long as you need. When you go to work tomorrow, you shouldn't wear a bra."

"What?" she asked. "I have to."

"No, you don't. Those tits can stand on their own just fine and, even if someone notices those hard nipples sticking out, they won't say anything. Second, you will wear this all day tomorrow." I handed her a pink butt plug and a white thong. "The butt plug will help prepare you for what I'm going to do to you and the thong will help hold it in place."

"I can't wear this stuff to work," she said. 

"Yes, you can," I said. "If you don't, I'll talk to Sister Ann. Oh, yes, I know Sister Ann. She's not exactly fun to work for, is she? Well, imagine how fun she'd be if she knew what a slut you really are. I have been videotaping everything, you know."

"No way!" Frankie cried. "You bastard."

"Oh, stop with the act," I said. "You love it. Now you have an excuse to do what I'm telling you. You want to wear the butt plug and thong. You want to go without a bra. You want to fantasize all day about my cock. I know it and you know it too. This is all helping you, Frankie. Just let yourself be a slut for a while and I think you'll be much happier."

"Well, yes doctor," Frankie said. "I'll do it."

"You better," I said. "I'll be checking on you."

PART 2: TLC -- TASTY, LARGE COCK

The next afternoon -- after a session with a flexible black babe who did gymnastics on my cock all night long -- I went back to the hospital, looking for Frankie. I spotted her walking away from me down the hall, noticing a slight stiffness to her walk, caused, no doubt, by the butt plug she was clenching between her ass cheeks.

She went into a patient's room and I followed. She didn't see me and the patient, I was happy to see, was sound asleep. Without saying a word, I grabbed Frankie's long hair and pulled her toward the bathroom. Before she could yell out, I put a hand over her mouth and whispered in her ear, "It's me." I could feel her smile.

I pulled her into the bathroom and closed the door. Without saying a word, I grabbed her tits and could tell instantly that she wasn't wearing a bra. I bent her over and hiked up her skirt. Sure enough, there was the thong and butt plug I had ordered. 

"Good girl," I whispered. "You deserve a reward." I sat on the toilet lid and pulled out my cock, pushing her to her knees. She knew what to do from there, urgently taking me into her mouth, sucking hard, doing her best to take as much as she could. I helped her by putting my hands on the back of her head and pushing my cock past her tonsils, letting it slide into her throat as she tilted her head back to get a better angle. I stood up, aiming my cock straight down her gullet, flexing my knees as I steadily worked my cock up and down in her throat. 

I pulled out and filled her mouth with my balls, forcing her to suck and lick them for a few minutes before once again fucking her throat. 

When I was ready to cum, I pulled out and instructed her to close her mouth. I then unleashed my full load all over her face and hair, huge globs covering her ears and eyes. Some of it fell on her uniform, a strand oozing across her name badge. After she licked me clean, she started to wipe it off, presumably to swallow it like she did last night. I stopped her. "No," I whispered. "Wear it. Hold your head up high and show it off."

"But Sister Ann..."

"Not my problem," I said. 

I helped her up and sent her out of the bathroom with a swift swat on her ass. She kept walking out of the room and never looked back. 

I followed at a safe distance, noticing how people would pass her in the hall, doing a double-take as she walked by. If she got through the first 10 minutes or so, she'd be fine. It would dry on her face and hair and uniform and, though she'd feel it, it wouldn't be that conspicuous to anyone just casting a quick glance. Still, it had to be humiliating for her. I knew she loved it almost as much as I did.

I went to the cafeteria and got a bite to eat, then went looking for her again about an hour later. I saw her at the nurse's station, talking to another of the nurses, nervously running her fingers through her hair, stopping when she came to a clump of dried cum and trying to hide it.

"Excuse me," I said to the other nurse, "I need to speak to Frankie a moment, if you don't mind."

"Of course not, doctor," the other nurse said as I led Frankie down the hall. When we got to the janitor's closet, I opened the door and pushed her inside, locking the door behind us. Again, she understood not to speak or make too much noise as I bent her over, raised her skirt and ripped off her thong. I filled her pussy with my cock, slamming into her juicy cunt about a dozen times until I felt her juices coating my shaft. Then, I pulled out, yanked out the butt plug and filled the gaping hole with my pussy-lubricated cock. She stifled a cry by putting a hand in her mouth.
