 PART 4: HOUSE CALL

I knew Frankie would be expecting me that night, so I didn't call or show up either one. I didn't visit her at work the next day either. Hey, I had my hands full with a pair of twins. That's a full day's work.

I let another night pass, imagining Frankie laying in bed, waiting for me to come in. Was she naked or wearing lingerie? Was she playing with herself? Could she sleep? Oh, if she was uptight before, I could just see her now. If ever a woman was going to be ready for some cock, it was going to be Frankie. 

Finally, three days after my lunch visit, I decided the time had come. I waited until 2 a.m., then drove to her apartment and quietly let myself in. I had never been there, but she had conveniently left a light in the kitchen on and it illuminated the rest of the apartment well enough for me to find my way down the hall toward her bedroom.

I stripped off my clothes and left them in the living room. Her bedroom door was ajar and I wondered if she was awake, watching me. I heard her breathing softly, rhythmically and it sounded like she was in a deep sleep. I made my way quietly to the side of her bed. I pulled out my pen light and shone it on the bed. Her eyes were closed and she seemed to be in a deep sleep. I pulled back the sheet slowly and was pleased to see her in a lacy black teddy with her big boobs spilling out the top and her long legs bare from hip to toe. I noticed a pair of black stilettos next to the bed. She had definitely been waiting for me. 

My penis was fully erect, so I rubbed the head against her cheek, then across her lips. Her eyes flew open, wide with fear until she saw it was me. "I've got what you've been waiting for," I said, jumping on the bed and straddling her long, curvy body. "What do you have for me?" I grabbed the teddy yanked it off her, revealing those big boobs and leaving only a black thong. I tugged it down her long legs, then spread them as I made my way toward her pussy. "Happy to see me?" I asked, spearing her pussy with my thick cock and instantly filling her.

"Oh, yes, doctor!" she cried, wrapping her legs around me. "I've been waiting for this. Why did you wait so long?"

"To make you hungry for it," I said. "We're going to have some fun tonight."

I plowed into that familiar pussy with long, deep strokes, lifting her hips off the bed with each thrust. I buried my face in those big tits and let my hands stroke her long, dark hair. She moaned and grabbed my ass, pulling me into her as she ground her hips against me. She needed every inch of my cock and I was absolutely giving it to her. 

I nibbled on her nipples and stroked her sides, feeling her body convulse and tremble beneath me. Of all the babes I've ever had, I must say she was one of the most responsive. She loved to be fucked and her positive responses made it all the more fun. She came twice before I filled her pussy with my semen and rolled off of her. It was nice that she instantly crawled between my legs and licked my cock clean without any instruction from me.

"Missed that taste, didn't you?" I taunted.

"It's addictive," she admitted.

"Then consider tonight your fix," I laughed, pulling her against me and filling my hands with her tits. "You have great tits. You should get your nipples pierced after work tomorrow. And you should never wear a bra under any circumstances. I brought you a new nurse's outfit you're going to wear tomorrow. I think it will show these beauties off a lot better."

"Thank you," she moaned, writhing under my touch. Her nipples were obviously very sensitive and I was teasing and tormenting them with agonizingly slow rubs, gentle tweaks and tiny tugs. She seemed to be aching with pleasure.

"I've never seen these things really in action," I said. "Why don't you put on a little show for me."

"OK," Frankie moaned.

"Get up and hop over to the wall and turn on that light switch so I can get a better look."

Frankie got up and started walking toward the switch when I stopped her, "No, I said hop. Like a rabbit." Frankie stood with both feet together and jumped forward a couple feet. Her back was to me and it was dark, but I could see the dark shadows of her breasts jump up and down and hear the smacking of her skin. She reached the switch, flipped it on and started hopping back toward me. I had an unobstructed, well-let view and the site was terrific. Those firm jugs bounced in unison, smacking into each other and making her erect nipples wobble from the vibrations. 

When she got back to the bed, I asked her if she had any baby oil. "In the bathroom, I think," she nodded toward the other end of the room and the connecting bathroom door. 

"Well, hop over and get it," I said. "Got any sheets or blankets you don't care about?"

"Yes," she said. "I'll get them too."

I watched the bouncing show with great delight and my cock was back at full attention when she returned with a large old quilt under one arm and holding the bottle of baby oil. I took the quilt from her and threw it on the floor next to the bed. Then, I pushed Frankie down on top of it. I quickly straddled her, baby oil in hand. Holding the bottle over her chest, I squeezed, dumping oil all over her tits. 

"Work it in," I said, "make sure they're all covered." She rubbed the oil on her tits, making sure to miss no spots while I moved down and squirted more oil on her flat stomach and between her thighs. I rolled her over and doused her ass as well, making her spread her ass cheeks while I dumped more oil there, letting it flood her crack as well as her pussy. 

When she was well lubed, I spread her ass cheeks and slid my cock into the hilt. The extra lube let it go in to the hilt on the first thrust, and she grunted from the sudden extreme penetration. I counted to 10 strokes, each harder and faster than the one before it as I literally drove her across the quilt. Then, I pulled out and quickly stuffed my cock up her pussy and gave it the same 10-stroke treatment. By the time I had pulled out, I had fucked her all the way off the quilt and was no doubt giving her tits rug burn. She certainly wasn't complaining, though.

I flipped her over as we scrambled back onto the quilt and I straddled her chest, putting my penis right between those big, oily tits. "Squeeze 'em together," I said. She put her hands on the sides of her tits and pushed them together, wrapping those big jugs around my cock, which slid easily over her smooth skin. I pushed through the top of her cleavage, tapping her lips with my cock head. Without instruction, she kissed and licked it each time I slid back and forth. 

I noticed that as she was squeezing her tits, she was also playing with her nipples. "Yes sir," I said, "you have some first class tits. I'd like to see them covered in cum." I stood up on my knees and aimed my cock down at her tits, which she continued to push together in one big loaf of tit meat. I fired away, sending every drop onto her tits where my thick cream mixed floated over her oily skin, leaving ivory streaks across her nipples, between her breasts and down to her belly button, where some of it collected in a pool.

She scooped up as much as she could with her fingers and licked them clean. Then, she motioned for me to move closer and she took my softening cock back into her mouth, sucking hard as if there might be a few precious drops leftover. If there were, she surely got them. 

We got up and took a shower together before climbing back into bed, both naked. We both fell asleep but I woke up soon after. It was 5:30 a.m. She said her shift started at 7. I had an idea. I changed the clock to 4:30 and went back to sleep for an hour. When I woke up, it said 5:30 again, but I knew it was 6:30. I woke her up with a quick squeeze of her tits. "Time to get up, babe," I said. "It's 5:30. We have time for a quickie before you have to get ready for work, right?"

She pushed herself up on her elbows and looked at the clock. "Yeah," she grinned. "I usually get up at 5:45. Let's do it."

I pulled her on top of me and impaled her pussy. "Ride," I said. She started bouncing up and down, making those big tits dance for me again. Then she'd rock forward and grind her hips in a circle. Then she turned herself around, riding me cowgirl style. I pulled her back against my chest and thrust up into her, filling my hands with her tits. She started squealing and moaning and I knew she was getting close. I picked up the pace and tweaked her nipples, driving her to another climax. If the walls in her apartment were thin at all, her neighbors certainly knew what was happening. Her ecstatic cries filled the room as came in waves, one climax right after the other. 

When she finally relaxed, I pulled out of her pussy and redirected my cock toward her asshole. I had plenty of pussy juice to lubricate the way, so it took little effort to send all 12 inches up her ass. With just two quick thrusts, I had reached my climax and I filled her ass with another huge load. 

She got off me slowly, stumbling toward the bathroom. After we had both showered and she was ready to get dressed it was 7:30, but the clock said 6:30. She thought she had plenty of time, but she was really 30 minutes late already. I gave her the new uniform I had picked up for her. It looked just like hers, except it was much smaller.

"Where did you get this?" she asked. 

"Do you a nurse named Tanya?" 

"Yes."

"That's one of hers. I stole it."

"I can't wear this. She's at least 6 inches shorter than me and she can't way more than 100 pounds."

"Exactly," I said. "Should make for an interesting fit on you, don't you think?"

"Whatever you say, doctor." 

I had her put on a red thong and then the uniform, which was indeed way too small. The skirt was several inches above her knees and hugged her hips much tighter than her usual uniform did. The top was overmatched by her big tits. She managed to connect all the buttons, but there was still an impressive amount of cleavage spilling out the top and the unusually tight fit revealed more than a hint of her erect nipples. I made her put on red pumps and a red choker as well. 

"I can't dress like this," she complained. "They'll fire me or at least make me change."

"We'll just have to see," I said. "They might find it unacceptable for you to dress like this and I find it unacceptable for you not to. Let's see who wins."

THE BAD DOCTOR'S

NAUGHTY NURSE

By DL Sloan

PART 5: NIGHT SHIFT

We left at the same time and I went home. She was going to be an hour late for work and dressed entirely inappropriately. I figured it would take an hour for Sister Ann to call her into her office with the HR director for a conference and possible firing. I waited until 7:45, then made a call to Sister Ann herself.

"Hello Sister Ann," I said cheerily. "This is Dr. Pound. I just wanted to talk to you a moment about one of your nurses. Frankie."

"Yes," Sister Ann said. "She's actually here right now. I apologize for her attire, doctor...:

"No, it's not that," I interrupted. "I just wanted to commend her on her terrific work there with a patient of mine. She went above and beyond the call and I was very impressed with her dedication, attitude and work ethic. She has a terrific bedside manner. I'm sure I'm not the first person to rave about her, but I felt it important to let you know how wonderful she was to work with. I'm sure you won't let her go, but if you ever do, send her my way. I'd love to have her on my staff."

"Wow," Sister Ann said, "thank you Dr. Pound. That's quite a compliment. I'll pass that along to her. Thank you for calling."

I found out from Frankie later that Sister Ann was talking about firing her until I called. But then she backtracked and not only let Frankie keep her job, but also let her finish the shift in her new uniform. Frankie said she got compliments from doctors and patients all day and more than a few judging glances from other nurses. She loved the attention!

Frankie said the only punishment was that Sister Ann assigned her to an extra weekend of night shifts, meaning she would be working 12-hour shifts on Friday and Saturday nights.

On Friday night, I went to the hospital and found Frankie in her usual wing. I came in on a pair of crutches and Frankie came running to me.

"What's wrong?" she asked. She was back in her standard nurse's uniform.

"I've got some pain and swelling and I think I might need to be admitted," I said, giving her a wink. "Do you have a single room, quiet?"

"Oh, uh, yeah," Frankie said, glancing over her shoulder at her supervisor. It was a skeleton crew at nights. There were no doctors in sight and only a few nurses and custodial staff. "I think I can find you a room. Here, follow me."

She led me to the end of the hallway to an unoccupied room, closing the door behind us. "Your leg's not really hurt, is it?" she asked.

"No, but I do need some intense physical therapy and I think you're just the nurse to provide it." I pulled her to me and quickly unbuttoned her top. She was wearing no bra and had, as I had instructed, gotten her nipples pierced. They both featured small gold rings that helped ensure the buds would remain at least partially erect. "Good girl," I said.

"Do you like them?"

"Absolutely." I tweaked both nipples. 

She kissed me and then started buttoning her shirt. "Look, I don't know what you have in mind, but I can't get caught with you," Frankie said. "I'm on thin ice. I might be able to duck in on a break and give you a quickie, but we have to be quiet. OK?"

"Whatever you say, Frankie," I said. "But just remember, patients come first and it's your responsibility to do whatever I need you to do. So, why don't you go tell your boss you're taking a break and come back here." It wasn't a question and Frankie knew it.

"Yes, sir," she said. "I'll be right back."

When she returned, I was naked and in the small hospital bed, proudly displaying my hard-on. The lights were dim, but I saw Frankie's eyes flash at the sight of her favorite piece of meat. "I think I have a fever and some swelling," I said. "Could you please check my temperature."

"Of course," Frankie said, reaching for my cock. "You definitely feel warm."

"I think you should check it rectally. With your tongue." I rolled over onto my hands and knees and soon felt her tongue exploring my asshole. My cock jerked reflexively as she stimulated my prostate. She reached between my legs and stroked my cock, lightly squeezing my balls and feeling over my mushroom head. "What's your diagnosis?" I asked.

"I think I can reduce your fever and swelling by giving you the best blowjob you've ever had," she said lustily. "Lay back and let your nurse take care of everything." I rolled back over, put my hands behind my back and let Frankie go to work. It wasn't the best blowjob I've ever had -- that's a pretty tall order -- but it was in the top 10. She varied speeds and techniques, alternating between just sucking and licking my head and taking all 12 inches into her throat. She licked my balls and smacked her cheek with my cock. She stuffed my dick into the side of her mouth, making it poke obscenely against the inside of her cheek. She rubbed the head all over her face and unbuttoned her top to squeeze it between her tits. 

I decided to reward her fine efforts by firing the first four shots into her cum-hungry mouth before shooting the remaining thick, sticky ropes all over her face and hair. She knew better than to ask to wipe it off. 

"I better get back," she said, hurriedly buttoning her top. "I'll be back later."

"You better believe it," I said, holding up the nurse's call button. "You're at my beck and call all night, babe. And I'm a very needy patient."

I took a little nap, then about an hour later, I hit the call button. Frankie came in a few seconds later. "I don't time have right now," she said quickly. "I'll come back at my lunch break in an hour and a half. I only get a half hour tonight, though."

"No, I'm not waiting," I said. "Go tell your supervisor that Dr. Pound ordered an x-ray for this patient and that you must take me downstairs immediately. Bring back a wheelchair."

"Yes, doctor," Frankie said. "I'll try."

A few minutes later, Frankie was back with the wheelchair and a hospital gown for me to put on. "Let's go," Frankie said. "My boss is upset. She has no order for this and she's pissed off that no one told her." I just laughed.

"So, where are we going?" Frankie asked as she wheeled me out of the room. 

"No one would be in the physical therapy center, right?"

"No, but it's locked. I don't have a key."

"I think you can figure out a way to get a little help from a security guard, can't you?"

"I guess I can," Frankie blushed.

We found a security guard down the hall and around the corner from the physical therapy room. He was a portly, older man, probably in his early 60s. I imagined he might be a retired cop. He was short, balding and looked bored. His eyes lit up a bit when he saw Frankie and I approaching. I'm sure it was because of Frankie and not me.

"Hello, George," Frankie smiled and as we got closer, George had reason to smile back. Frankie had unbuttoned her top three buttons and her breasts were now pushing the sides back, revealing a good look at her cleavage and barely hiding those pierced nipples. She had applied fresh red lipstick and her skirt was hiked up a few inches. She had even slipped into a pair of red pumps in the elevator.

"Good evening, Frankie," George said. "What are you doing down hair?"

"I need to take this gentleman to the physical therapy room."

"Oh, that's locked," George said. "No one goes in there this time of night."

"I know, but this man missed his appointment today -- a bit of a reaction to some medication, I'm afraid -- but he really needs the therapy."

"I'm sorry, they tell me not to let anyone in there."

Frankie stepped close to him, puffing out her bottom lip in a little girl pout and putting her hands behind her back, forcing her tits out further. "Oh George, can't you please make an exception for me?"

"I, well," George was trying not to look at her pouting lips and bulging tits, but it was simply impossible for a heterosexual man not to look when it was being presented so nicely. "Um, I guess so. Just this once. And please don't tell anyone."

"Oh, thank you George," Frankie squealed, giving him a kiss on the cheek. 

George let us into the room and went back to his post. It was a large room with various equipment used to help people learn how to use crutches or walkers. There were machines designed to strengthen damaged limbs or help regain flexibility. There was also a hot tub and warm-water therapy pool. These weren't your typical party-style tubs -- they were designed to help patients work weakened muscles in a low-resistance environment. I, however, intended to use them to work my very strong muscle into some medium-resistance orifices.

"How about a dip in the tub?" I asked.

"We don't have any swimsuits or anything," Frankie said. "It's too risky. Can't we just go in the locker room and lock the door?"

"We could, but I'd rather do this. Besides, only George can get in and if he comes back, you can blow him and he'd never tell a soul. We're safe. Now, let's have some fun."

We both stripped and climbed in the pool. "I like those nipple rings," I said again. "Oh, and nice touch getting the navel done too. Next week, do the clit." 

"OK," she said, sitting down on the ledge that surrounded the inside of the pool. The warm bath-like water was up to her neck. 

"Let me show you how fun those rings can be," I said. I hopped out of the pool and found some thin rope that was holding together a bundle of floor mats. I brought the rope back and instructed Frankie to face the ladder. Then, I jumped in the pool behind her and tied one end of the rope around her waist. I fed the other end of the soft, nylon-coated rope through her legs and up through the ring in her belly button. Then, I wrapped it around the both bars on the pool ladder and fed the ends through both nipple rings. I tied the end back to a step on the ladder, leaving enough slack for Frankie to move back and forth about 6-8 inches, depending on how much strain she could stand on her nipples. 
