 Doctor Robert Ruark peeled off his surgical gloves. The operation had been a difficult one, but after seven hours of grueling work he had succeeded in repairing the damaged heart valve. His brow was deeply furrowed as the tall, lean black man allowed thoughts of Alice to enter his mind for the first time since entering the operating room.

'What the hell is wrong with me?' He wondered. There was no denying he was profoundly in love with Alice. Of that he was sure. 'But why can't I perform any more?' 

His brow remained furrowed with concern. When they'd first met they had gone at each other like starved animals, fucking in every room of their apartment, using almost every piece of furniture, and every orifice. But now he . . . he couldn't get it up, and he hadn't a clue at to what was causing his impotency - and the wedding was fast approaching. Worse, Alice was horny and wanted him with her every available moment, but he'd been avoiding her, pleading a heavy caseload that he wanted to alleviate before their honeymoon.

Desperate, Robert had made an appointment with Doctor Zaga, a close friend and world class psychiatrist to discuss the matter. 

After listening to Robert's story, Doctor Zaga leaned back in his chair and lit his pipe. When he had it going to his satisfaction he smiled kindly, and said, "Robert, my friend, you probably know most of what I'm about to say. But, please bear with me for there might just be a kernel of information in what I have to say that may help resolve your problem. Now, male hormones start to decline in the mid-twenties and effects can usually be felt by age 35. It's called Andropause. It's more gradual than the menopause that women face, but it's just as devastating because it can affect the sex drive, and that is what I think is at the heart of the matter."

"Yes Doctor, I realize that. But you must realize that my wedding is next Saturday, and while I've been stalling Alice on having sex . . . well, that night my charade will end. I'm desperate. I need help and I need it fast."

"Have you tried anti-aging treatments with hormone replacement therapy?"

Robert shrugged his shoulders irritably. "Actually, yes I have. I was still unable to perform."

"And this was with Alice?"

His embarrassment surfaced. "No, I used a prostitute."

"Perhaps if you'd tried it with Alice . . ."

"I did. I mean, I tried that too, but . . . well, we were necking and I felt nothing. I panicked and made an excuse and left."

There was a long pause before the doctor continued. "All right, let's go down the checklist; perhaps we'll discover something you've missed."

"Fine, let's have at it."

"Do you tire more easily? "

"No, I work out daily."

"Is it more difficult to get and stay in shape? "

"No. Lately I've increased the length of my workouts."

"Have you lost some of the zest for life? You know the old attack the day attitude?"

"I'm a surgeon. I begin everyday with a brisk attitude, and I look forward to my work even more now that . . ."

Robert stopped abruptly and slammed his fist against his thigh.

"Are you eating the same or less and putting on weight?"

"No. I've weighed the same for the last ten years."

"Have you lost some of your mental quickness? Or has your reaction time slowed?"

"No way!"

"When was your last erection?

"This morning when I got up to take a leak."

"I see," he paused, and then followed with, "When was the last time a woman aroused you to full, or partial erection?"

"It was with Alice. We were . . . never mind, that. What happened was I lost it."

"Do you recall why?"

"I . . . no, I don't." He replied, his humiliation evident on his pained face.

"Okay, let me continue with the essential causes of impotence. Contrary to popular belief, impotence is almost never an "all or nothing" phenomenon. Most men with erectile dysfunction have normal desire and can obtain an erection, only the erection is not hard enough. Hence, the term 'erectile dysfunction' or 'partial loss' is preferred to 'impotence', which suggests a total loss."

The doctor went on, "Not many are aware that in most cases, organic rather than psychological causes are responsible. However, the trend is slowly but definitely changing. This is largely due to tremendous advances in andrological research over the past few years, which have conclusively established that in as many as 80-90 percent of cases of chronic impotence, the cause is not in the mind but in the body. These causes can be identified using modern andrological investigative modalities, quantified and often successfully treated using totally non-psychological methods."

Robert interrupted. "Yes, yes, I know all that."

"I suspect that your disorder is in that 10 –20 percent, and is mental."

"So we're looking at a Freudian solution?"

"Exactly," Doctor Zaga said softly. 

And so it went, until their fifth meeting when the breakthrough occurred.

The room was silent for a minute, and then Doctor Zaga laid his pipe down in an ashtray, and clasped his fingers together.

"Let's revisit your last intimacy with Alice. If you can, tell me about it. Please spare no detail. Everything may be of importance."

"Are you sure?"

"Positive. Please . . . go on."

"All right then. About two months ago we came back to my apartment after a party. We were both stoned. I vaguely recall turning on the stereo and almost knocking a lamp over with my dick. Oh, I don't mean to brag Doctor, it's just that . . ."

"Don't worry, go on. Please continue with the story."

"Alice was staring at my crotch. Really! She couldn't, or wouldn't take her eyes off it. So I took a step toward her and she quickly closed the gap, put her hands on my shoulders and it seemed like an electrical current shot through me. We danced, or I thought we were dancing. The way she was rubbing against me was more like dry humping. Remember Doctor, we were two very horny people."

"Anyway, I was trying not to grind my dick into her. I wanted to prolong the moment, if you know what I mean. But when she buried her face in my neck and I felt her tongue licking my throbbing veins, I kind of lost it. I grabbed her by the ass and forced my cock into her groin. If ever there was a fuck me signal, that was it."

"So," the Doctor said, "you were not experiencing any difficulty at this point?"

"Hell, no!" Robert said, raising his voice. "From that point I ran my hands under her skirt, actually lifting it to her waist, and kneaded the cheeks of her ass. She was moaning now and I bit the side of her neck. She wore the hickey proudly for at least a week afterward. And when Alice grabbed me by my cock and squeezed . . . well, I picked her up by her ass and walked both of us into the bedroom."

"I dropped her on the bed and kissed her. Somewhere in there we tore our clothes off and resumed the kissing. She started moaning how much she needed me. Her breasts were covered with goose bumps, her areola and nipples swollen with desire, poking out from her breasts like bottle caps." 

"This is good," the doctor said earnestly, even as he managed to inconspicuously rearrange his penis in his trousers. He had become enormously aroused at Robert's story, and he thought ever so briefly, 'If only Emma is in the mood this evening.'

Robert continued. "I drew her right teat into my mouth and sucked like a crazy man while she moaned with pleasure." 

The doctor's hand slowly moved to his leg and sought out his own rigid penis.

"Then my mouth was on her belly, my tongue wriggling around in her belly button. And Alice's hands were guiding me lower. I knew she wanted me to go down on her. I'd done it before. I enjoy going down; it helps her with her climax. Anyway I could feel the wiry hair surrounding her pussy against my skin, and used my tongue on her.

"Oh, she was crying out . . . shit like, 'Yes, baby! Yes! Eat me! Eat me!' And God help me, I love the taste of her down there. I could eat her all day and all night . . ."

"Anyway, she was sloppy wet and coming hard. I had never met a woman who came so much before . . . then she was screaming, "Fuck me! Fuck me Robert! Give me that black cock! Give me all of that black cock!"

"I . . . I started to mount her, but she pushed away and turned so that she was facing me and she was kneeling between my legs." 

"Lemme suck that thing! I gotta taste it!' she screamed."

"Then she rolled . . . and the next thing I knew her pussy was coming down to meet my face and she had my cock in her mouth.

"This continued for a while and then as I was getting close, she spat me out and demanded that I fuck her. I mounted her, and was holding her hip with one hand and aiming my cock at her cunt with the other when she said it."

"What was it she said?" asked Doctor Zaga.

"I . . . I'm embarrassed."

"Nothing is unimportant and if it embarrasses you it may have relevance. What was it she said?"

"Can . . . can we get some friends of yours over to . . . to fill the rest of my holes?"

"Were those her words?"

"Yes, her exact words. I'll never forget them. I went limp immediately. Or, I should say, my cock went flaccid and stayed that way."

"What did you do?"

"I was stunned, but to cover my inadequacy, I went down on her again and brought her to several more orgasms. Then I dressed and left her dozing."

"I see," said Doctor Zaga. "Well I think we may have a strong clue, perhaps even the solution, or at least a partial solution to the problem."

"Please Doctor, what is it?"

"The mention of having another man's penis anywhere near your beloved Alice has had a dramatic effect on you, rendering you impotent. It may be fear that another man might outperform you in sexual matters. Or it may not."

"That's . . . crazy," Robert said, but his heart was pounding as he thought about that very possibility.

"I . . . I recall having doubts about . . . about my abilities, but when I'm with Alice I . . . I feel like superman, invincible, able to perform for long periods without flagging."

"I believe," the Doctor said slowly, "that you have no alternative, but to watch Alice engage in sex with another . . . no, with at least two other men. Watching this happen will in all probability cause an erection on your part and you will join in and have your orgy, or whatever it is called these days."

"What?"

"Oh, yes. If you have the erection you will fuck her along with the others. Once you reach your first climax, all will be well. You'll be past caring that you've shared Alice with other men."

"But what will Alice think?"

"She is the one who proposed the idea in the first place. By all means, confirm with her that this is indeed her desire. If not, well, we must try some other approach. But if she is agreeable, well then, you must proceed."

"Very well, Doctor. I'll talk with Alice this afternoon. Now if she agrees my problem becomes one of finding the appropriate partners."

"Normally, I might suggest a close friend, but you may not want that, given that you and Alice are going to be married."

"Yes, I'm already concerned with that aspect, but first I have to talk with Alice."

"She may have something to contribute, Robert. After all it's her body we're discussing as a means of resolving your problem."

"Of course, you're absolutely right. Thank you Doctor, I feel cured already. I'll let you know how it turns out."

"I wish the both of you well my friend, go with God." The two men hugged and Robert walked out the partially opened door.

As soon as Robert had left, the Doctor picked up his phone and dialed a number found in a tattered brown notebook.

"Hello, Vivian?"

"Yes, who is this?"

"It's Doctor Zaga."

"You sound different on the phone, Doctor. How are you?"

"Fine, I'm fine. Vivian, can you do me a great favor?"

"I'd be delighted to help you doctor. What can I do for you?"

"I'd like it if you could send one of your girls over to my office within the hour."

"That's easy. Consider it done. Oh, and Doctor?"

"Yes?"

"May I take the charges off my bill for your services?"

"Yes. Yes of course . . . oh, Vivian? There is one more thing."

"And that is?"

"The girl . . . she should be a young black girl with strong anal tendencies."

"That's easy enough. Uh . . . Sybille will be at your office in, oh, let's say, thirty minutes?"

"Wonderful. Thank you Vivian."

"Thank you Doctor."

***

Later that afternoon Alice began pawing Robert from the moment he set foot in her apartment. It had been his intention to take Alice to lunch and bring the matter up at the right moment, but it seemed Alice had other plans.

She had torn his shirt open and was greedily licking his chest when her fingers located the zipper of his fly and opened it. Deftly reaching in, Alice gasped in surprise as she found a limp noodle instead of the familiar dark club.

"What?" She said giving him an incredulous look.

"We have to talk."

"Sure baby, talk. I'm listening."

Still he hesitated.

"Come on, Robert, tell me!" she said, feigning annoyance to cover her apprehension. 

He had to laugh at her expression. "Perhaps I should just wait and surprise you."

"I don't like surprises and you know it."

"I think you'll enjoy this one - in fact, I know you will."

"You're mean." She pouted, but her eyes were twinkling. 

He grinned. "Yes, you said that. I can fully appreciate your feeling that way." 

Suddenly, her eyes darkened and her smile vanished. "Just what is the problem? Is it another woman?" She said quietly.

Robert shook his head. "No, actually it's quite the opposite. I don't particularly respect what I am proposing to do . . . to you, to us." 

"Then don't." Alice began to worry a fingernail.

"Alice, please. Understand, I love you and want so much to please you." 

"I'm not sure about that. You haven't given me any loving for a while now." 

"I know. Now please love, be quiet and listen to me. I'm serious as can be."

A flicker of alarm crossed her face, but her training helped disguise it from him.

"All right, I'm listening," she said and gnawed at her nail again.

When he finished telling his story, Alice had a look of disbelief upon her face.

"You're kidding," she gasped, totally shocked by his disclosure.

With a hangdog expression on his face, he replied, "No, I'm afraid not."

"But . . . what can we do?"

Robert seized the moment. "That's it! He exclaimed.

"What?"

"You, darling . . . you!"

"But, what?" Alice asked, clearly befuddled.

"You used the word 'we,' when you mentioned the problem. I think you said, 'what can we do?' - that means you want to approach this as a team, the same as I do. Believe me, it's the only way to resolve the problem."

"I see," and she did. Her heart went out to him and they embraced. "Oh, baby, you must be in such pain, with the wedding and all. My God, I've caused you so much anguish with my wanting sex all the time . . ."

They hugged and kissed and for a while Alice tried once again to get him aroused, but quickly ended her efforts on realizing he wasn't responding.

"You see?" He said, forlornly.

"Yes, I do. But what was it the doctor recommended as a possible cure?" 

"I need to watch you with two other lovers. That should be enough to break down the mental barrier I've erected and get me to perform capably with you once again."

"I love you, Robert. I really do. If . . .if I agree to this . . . will you think less of me?"

"I love you too baby, and no, I won't. After all, I'm the one responsible for arranging this whole thing."

"All right," she said. "I'll do it."

"Wonderful," he said and felt as if a heavy burden had lifted off his shoulders.

"So," Alice said with a brighter than usual smile, "When and where, and with whom?"

"Ah, I don't know. I haven't thought any further than this."

"But darling," Alice said, licking her lower lip, "we have just five, no, six days until the wedding and you know I won't be available . . ." she paused, licked her lip again, "most of the time with the wedding arrangements and all."

Robert got to his feet. "Then I'd better get busy. He kissed her hungrily and left, promising to call her later.

***

It was late afternoon, but still hot. Dutch Perry had poured two glasses of lemonade from a tall pitcher he kept in the refrigerator.

Perry watched the breeze ruffle the fringe on the umbrella sprouting from the center of the table on the wooden deck of the balcony. The sun sparkled silver off the ocean swells that curled in on them to form whitecaps as they neared the shore. He closed his eyes and listened to the slap of the waves and the rush and roar of the surf. He looked at his friend sitting across from him, his glass of lemonade untouched before him and resting in a circle of dampness on the white-enameled table.

Perry thought his friend's handsome features had an intense cast to them this afternoon. Robert was dressed impeccably, as usual, in a well-tailored cream colored suit, pale blue shirt and mauve tie. His gold Rolex gleamed on one wrist, a bulky gold bracelet on the other. Perry himself wore no jewelry other than an old Timex. 

'Robert looks prosperous,' Dutch thought, and laughed to himself. 'Hell, he is prosperous, and dresses the part to perfection.'

"How's the separation going?" Robert asked.

"Marilyn served the papers on me Tuesday," Perry said laconically. "I was expecting them. She's not that bad, Robert. It's just that we don't, I don't know. We don't mesh anymore. She drinks too much and has been fucking around a lot. If she's not careful she'll come down with AIDS or some other STD."

"I hear you," Robert responded, and reached for his lemonade. After taking a sip, he placed the glass back on the table, exactly in the center of the circle of dampness.

Perry waited patiently for Robert to get around to whatever he had to say. 

The breeze picked up and snapped the umbrella against its metal frame. The table moved an inch, scrapping over the wooden deck.

Robert met his friend's eyes. "Dutch, I'm having a terrible problem and need your help. It's Alice."

Perry voice reflected his concern, "Alice? But the wedding's this weekend . . ."

"It's not her so much . . ."

"I'll do anything I can to help you buddy, so tell me, how can I help?"

"This is going to sound stupid - maybe asinine, but, I can't get it up."

"What?"

"That's right. I'm ashamed to admit it, but it's true." He looked his friend in the eye trying to determine if Perry was taking him seriously. 

"Now listen carefully. I trust you and believe me; if I weren't desperate I'd never even think of telling you this. Alice and I were fooling around one night and just before I put it to her she said something about . . . about it being nice if more than one guy fucked her at the same time."

"A fantasy, that's all it was," Dutch said, but his brow was furrowed with concern. "Everyone has them, my friend."

"Yeah, I know. But fantasy or not, from that moment on I've been impotent."

"So, how can I help?" Perry asked, but he already had an inkling of what was coming.

"I need you and someone else to fuck Alice while I watch. My shrink says this may release me from my mental block and restore my erections."

"You're serious about this?"

"As God is my witness, yes."

"Okay, I'll do it. But I need two things. One, I need your assurance that you won't hold it against me if . . . ah, you know, nothing happens to you. And second, Alice has got to be okay on this. I won't be part of some surprise just before her wedding night. I respect her far too much for anything like that."

"You've got it. On both points; she's known about this for a day or so and has agreed to go along with it. In fact, she wants to know who I have in mind. And I appreciate you understanding my predicament."
