 She was lovely, but that wasn't enough. By the time I was done with her she'd be more than just a young and beautiful girl with a lion in her closet. 

I'm going to draw a straight line from your mouth to your pussy, I said. She was sprawled out on the couch. My words didn't make sense. You'll understand later, I said. 

I gave her a little piece of lingerie to put on. I said, don't forget the high heels, and then smiled and shivered at the idea: she followed directions completely, happily. She was indeed lovely... She was just a little on the plump side, which gave her body a womanly curve that said sex even when she was being good. She was smart, and had more than a little class that was sure to show, no matter the circumstance you meet them. She was in the prime of her life and all she needed was a teacher that covered things besides English lit and quadratic equations.

She disappeared into the bathroom; the door shut, and as the light came on a sliver of yellow played against the darker wall. I imagined how she would look. She was more than a little tall already, and with the heels on her legs would be amazingly long and even more sensuous. I would have to resist my urges to just pin her to the bed - and as a frat boy might say - fuck the living hell out of her. 

The top I gave her to wear was short; it was sheer, mostly see-through, and would barely cover her bodacious breasts, which didn't help matters. When she bent over -- and yes, I would event excuse after excuse to have her bend over -- the top would pull up, and there she would be... The idea of it was excruciatingly perfect; the reality of it would have to wait a few minutes longer. Hours had past since we first started playing, and yet we were dying for more; kissing and touching through our clothes as if we were following a more romantic plan. Our passion was finding its perfect focus. I wanted to make her my fantasy girl, she wanted to let me. 

*******

I'm a little submissive, she said. I like to be told what to do. I nearly dropped my drink. The restaurant was closing down early; we kept our words just below radar. I'd love to give you some directions, I said. I imagined the grin on my face was both giddy and lusty. You know, though, being submissive isn't necessarily just about taking directions. Her eyes were curious now. It can be about anticipating needs, too... knowing what another person wants, even before they know. When can we meet? I wanted her right then, now, in the backseat of my car if necessary.

Tomorrow night. I've got an open weekend. Just some Geology work... one lab to write up.

Tomorrow night it is, then. I'll give directions. You follow. I'm sure other things will happen. We'll have a night to remember.

And one day later, her we were, and I was going to draw a straight line from her mouth to her pussy.

*******

She came out of the bathroom. For a moment all I saw was a yellow light and her silhouette. Lovely barely covered it. She was stunning. You're beautiful, I said. You're amazing. She smiled self-consciously and walked cautiously forward. Sex-kitten or not, it takes something to appear so exposed and obvious. Thank you, she said. And then with a laugh, this top is really short! 

I know. I couldn't resist. I asked the girl in the lingerie store for some help, and when I told her your height I intentionally took three inches off. I laughed at my own perversity. I love that half-sluty half-sophisticated look, I said. 

She semi-rolled her eyes with a smile as if to say "All guys are the same." 

The best part was when I bought those shoes, I said. She raised her foot a little to consider them. I mean, what's a guy doing buying high heels at four in the afternoon that look like those? I'm sure the checkout girl knew. 

Maybe, she said. I think you might be a little bit kinkier than a lot of guys. Or at least willing to go down that road. 

Speaking of..., I said, and reached out to have her come close to me. You really are lovely, I said, wrapping my arms around her waist, kissing her stomach, and then when my other thoughts awakened, running my hands along her curvy hips and stroking her thighs. 

Are you ready?

She nodded. Yes. Just a little nervous, that's all.

Its okay to be nervous, I said. I took her hand and led her to the bed. I really like you, you know? Me too, she said. I squeezed her hand in response. And then I saw just how short that little top was and my lust-filled side won out. 

Okay..., I said, drawing a breath anticipating how things were going to change. 

Get on all fours. 

I said it as if it meant nothing, but inside I was turning summersaults.

*******

Her legs were together, which somehow made her look even more outrageous. I looked at that perfectly round and smooth rump. Her lips were pushed against her cheeks, her little folds and tender parts just barley showing. I studied her for a moment, absorbing the sight, committing it to memory. I turned on a light. I could see a hint of wetness. 

This is so slutty, I said. I couldn't resist saying so. You're just letting me look at you, did you know that? I'm starring at you like you're a picture in a porn magazine, and you're letting me.

I am, she said. Because you told me to...

And does that bother you? 

No.

I put my hands on her ass, feeling her warm skin, circling her tender parts and then softly pulling her lips apart. She began to breathe just that bit harder. I heard a sound from her mouth. 

I think there's a possibility you want me to treat you like you're my own little sex slave. I said this with a light laugh. I think you might enjoy it as much as I do. 

Yes, she said, earnestly and without irony.

Do you realize that just last night we were meeting for the first time? Having a few drinks and joking about stupid teen comedies? Pretty innocent, really. And now, here it is just twenty four hours later, and you're letting me do this. Showing yourself to me like this, letting me touch you however I want.

I know, she said. 

I love it, I said.

I do too, she said.

Let's do something. 

I pulled her up from the bed, and made no small show of running my eyes up and down her body. I cupped a breast out of a show of ownership and desire. I felt her nipple and wanted nothing but to fill her with cum all night long. I hope you know there's a huge part of me that just wants to throw you down and fuck the living hell out of you. 

She looked dead at me. Why don't you?

There's something better. A little delayed gratification is sometimes a good thing. I smiled. I gave her breast a last pleasing fondle and felt my cock go from firm to rock hard in my pants.

Are you going to draw that line? From my mouth to my pussy? I'm ready for it, she said.

Sit back on the couch, I said.

*******

As she looked at me, I removed my clothes till I stood before her in just my boxers, my cock pushing hugely against the fabric. Spread your legs, so I can get my fingers into you, I said, with all the romance of a cheap x-rated movie. She reclined and opened her legs as she was told. Her eyes went from my face down to my crotch. I stood close to her mouth and to her eyes. I wanted her to look at me the same way I had looked at her and to feel the same temptation. 

Take it out, I said. My eyes drank in her beauty, now turned into a pornographic dream. 

Just look; don't touch, I said. And with my ready cock just inches from her face, I pushed my fingers into her pussy for the first time. She let go with a stretch and a moan. I felt her in and out. I pushed far in and played along her little folds and creases, thrilling when her moistness turned to wetness and then to a dripping hotness.

I know a lot of guys love it when a girl sucks their cock, I said. But I absolutely go crazy for it. I crave it so much sometimes, I said.

She made to put me in her mouth. No, not yet, I said. Just a second. Do you want to be really good, I said... perfect? I slid my shorts down my legs and onto the floor in preparation.

Yes, she said. Anything you want, I'll do it. Just tell me.

I will. I'll show you, I said. And then I pulled my fingers from her and bent down to kiss her lips. You have an incredible mouth. We've kissed. We've had our tongues around each other. You can be gentle and firm. I've sucked on your lips, and you've pulled gently at mine. I know you must give the best blow job any guy has ever had.

I try to, she said.

Then do this, I said. I put my fingers back onto her and played easily with her folds, and then pushed slightly inside to feel her opening. Do the same thing to me. For a moment she wondered, and then she understood.

*******

I closed my eyes and felt everything. She took me softly in her hands for the first time, and ran her lips around my tip, just to feel the shape of my cock in her mouth. Her tongue ran along my shaft to learn its shape. With my fingers inside her, I felt her juices already growing, and then my cock stiffened more, as if answering her. I pushed in and out of her, a little sound accompanying each urge my fingers made inside. And in sympathy she moved her head to swallow more of me, to take more of me in her mouth. Then up, and then back for more. The same rhythm as I showed her with my fingers inside of her.

That's it, I said. I think we're starting to get the hang of it. I laughed: my instructional video voice tainted with a slurriness of sex.

And then I began to press just slightly more against the top of her, feeling that little patch of something, which made her spread her legs more in invitation. 

You're so very good, I said. Are you learning? Yes, she said, and started to suck with just an edge more force. It's like you're reading my mind, I said. I'm reading your fingers she said, and laughed a little.

I stopped moving my messengers and then just held them tight against her special spot. In concert, she held her lips still around me and kept that push of her tongue and her mouth around my tender spot. I love that. I couldn't help but confess. I can feel all of your mouth around me like this, it's like it goes through my entire body. 

My eyes were closed and then I opened them to see the sight. Her lips were wrapped around me. It looked like what it felt like. I wanted to cum in her mouth with the force of all my lust. Open your eyes, I said. Look at me. I held her eyes for a moment, and then another. I pulled from her mouth. You're lovely, I said, not for the first time.

When you do that to me at the same time, it's hard for me to concentrate, she said.

Look at me, you mean? 

Yes.

Me too, I laughed. And then I drew her attention back to my cock. Look at how big you make it. There's never a ruler around when you need one.

Do you think you can fit it all in your mouth? I wanted to watch, I wanted to feel her completely. 

I'll try anything, she said.

I pushed my fingers far into her. She gave a little stretch as I found a place I had yet to touch. And with help, she took me as far into her mouth as she could. I pulled out a little and she twirled her tongue around me as I moved my fingers around inside her. It felt wonderful. It felt completely natural and so perfectly hedonistic. It was just pleasure. Self indulgent. Careless. Unselfconscious. This is what I want; this what I'll take. 

I watched her as if she wanted nothing else but to please me. I wanted to fuck the living hell out of her, a la frat boy style. I wanted to feel her like this for hours. I wanted to talk with her about stupid teen comedies and plan our next get together. And then I understood there was a line that was being redrawn. She put her hand around me and moved her mouth in a way that said she knew just how I felt. She was more than lovely. 

And then I caught a sight of her, opening her eyes to look up at me, and she began to spread her legs urgently, bringing her hips off the cushion and then suddenly it was happening to her. A quick one. A sneaky one. I felt her pulse and a flush of heat that caught me by surprise. 

And for me it was too much to hold back; she had an orgasm while my cock was in her mouth. I thought about it. Something caught her just right. Something caught me just right. I let my body ride the wave I had denied myself for the sake of lust. My cum spurted out with the force of all my craving for her. I imagined filling her mouth as she just began to recover from hers, watching her eyes close again in concentration. 

Wow, I said, when I regained my presence. 

Indeed, she said, when she saw my smile. 

You are amazing. I am completely spoiled at this point, I said. Not quite a simulcast, but close enough for government work. I smiled at the thought.

I think I stopped paying attention to your fingers there, at the end, she said. 

I know, I said. But it was perfect. And then just a little bit philosophically I added: That line is a good one to draw and re-draw. 

I made a trace with my finger from her mouth down her chest, between her breasts, and then straight to the softness between her legs. 

Let's see, I said, what other lines we can draw next.