 With a restless sigh I stir, unsure what roused me from a deep, peaceful slumber. With a bit of confusion, I see the lazy tendrils of fog dance slowly across the floor. Slowly, I rise up out of bed, pushing a lock of brown wavy hair out of my face. As I swing my legs over the side of the bed, I'm surprised to see wisps of black organza drape over my creamy white legs before continuing up my body, encasing it in a nearly sheer dress.

Music mingles with the translucent fog, wrapping around me and seducing me with its notes. Appropriately enough, it's "Music of the Night," and each sultry note, each enticing word, resonates deep within me. I walk through this dream room, the fog lit by an ethereal light, making my dress gleam like the most precious of black pearls. The smoky wisps flirt with the hem of my dress as it teases my calves.

Then I see him.

As he crosses the dim room towards me, my breath catches and my heart starts to race in my chest, causing the milky globes of my breasts to rise and fall over the bandeau top of my dress. His warm brown eyes are intent as they stare at me, and I feel like a helpless mouse captured in the hypnotic gaze of a cobra, yet I feel no fear. He draws closer to me, and almost of their own volition, my feet move towards him, suddenly anxious to close the gap between us. 

Standing in front of him, my breath comes in little pants through slightly parted lips. From this distance, he can't help but see the twin moles on the top of my left breast, nor can he possibly miss the shadow of my nipples poking through the silky dress, revealing my braless state. Wordlessly, he takes my right hand in his left one, warming the cool skin through the long thin black glove that encases my hand and arm and, with his right hand on the small of my back, draws my body to his.

The thin material is an ineffective barrier against the heat of his hand, nor can it prevent me from feeling the tantalizing heat of his body where it's pressed against my front. The cool smoothness of the organza teases my sensitive flesh, causing my nipples to tighten and liquid heat to pool between my thighs with every brush of the fluid cloth against my bare mons.

Even in black strappy heels, I still barely come up to his chin. My body feels fragile yet protected in his strong embrace, and we move together as the seductive music surrounds us, fills us, envelops us. He draws me closer, his breath gentle and warm against my temple. His hand releases mine only to slide down my arm, over the side of my breast and down my back to rest with his other right above my bottom. Licks of fire spring up where he's touched, igniting other flames deep within. Through the sheerness of my dress, there's no denying the fact that I'm bare underneath and that only a few layers of organza separate us from the other's touch.

Softly, seductively, the music continues to wrap us in its dark embrace as we dance, our bodies swaying together. Slowly as we dance, his leg situates itself between mine, coming to rest against the heat of my feminine core. His hands on my lower back apply a little more pressure, encouraging me to press more fully against him. Just as the whisper-thin material did little to prevent me from feeling the heat of his hand, it's also a worthless barrier between my sensitive nub and his muscled thigh. As he holds me close, I can also feel his engorged shaft against my hip, and I can't help but revel in having this kind of power over him.

I look up at him, and he sees the longing in my face. My pupils are dilated, nearly eclipsing my own whisky brown orbs, and my rosy lips are slightly parted, my breath coming in and out rather harshly. A blush rides high on my cheekbones, further indicating my excitement. His head slowly lowers towards me, and my eyes flutter shut mere moments before his lips meet mine in the softest of kisses. A sigh escapes my mouth, only to be captured by his before he swallows it and makes it his own. His own low growl echoes from deep within his chest as he deepens the kiss, taking us both someplace darker, more intoxicating and more erotic than either of us had ever experienced before.

Suddenly I find myself lying on the bed with him beside me. His hands caress over my body, stroking me possessively through the silky, nearly transparent material. His touch causes needs and hungers to course through my body, and as his hand works up my thighs, he captures the dress, pulling it up with his hand and exposing my bare legs and center to the cool, moist night air. He caresses my bare shoulders, barely skimming the tops of my breasts where they spill over my dress. As the dream continues, I see him unwinding the organza from around my body, leaving me bare to his gaze as each flick of his wrist bares more of myself to his ardent gaze. 

He captures the turgid peak of a breast in his mouth, drawing deeply on it, knowing I like it a little bit rough. My hands tangle in the hair on the back of his head, bringing his mouth closer to me, silently encouraging him to take more, to suck harder. My back arches, giving him more of my breasts. I whimper as his hot mouth ends its ministrations to trail hot wet kisses over my collarbone and up my neck. He spends a few minutes tonguing the hollow of my throat before placing his mouth over the warm vein in my neck and sucking gently.

My dream lover's work-roughened hands trail over my body, gently abrading the sensitive flesh of my breasts, my belly, then lower still to my bare mound. His fingers separate my folds as his mouth continues to possess my breasts. He finds my throbbing nub, wet with my feminine dew, and he strokes it gently before giving it a light pinch, bringing my hips up off the bed. His teasing fingers continue down to my slit, capturing the moisture there before dragging that moisture back up to once more manipulate my clit. Back and forth his digits travel, tantalizing my clit and teasing me mercilessly with the anticipation of having him fill me.

I moan and writhe against him, running my fingers through his hair, my hips arching up to meet his clever fingers. He raises his mouth off my breasts, the change from his hot mouth to the cool room an unpleasant surprise. He looks down at me and says, "This is what my cock will feel like entering you," as he plunges three beefy fingers into my tight, wet hole. I scream from this initial invasion before my hips start bucking against his fingers, fucking them for all I'm worth. His thumb flicks over my clit and he feels the first tremors of my orgasm begin to pulse through me. He pulls them out, leaving me empty and quaking. 

"You're not going to come until we're joined," he instructs as he raises his hands above my head, and I can only nod mutely, passion clawing through me, crying for release. He takes the organza, now in one long strip, and begins to loop it over my wrists, first one, then the other, crossing the material over itself in between to create bonds. My lover then takes an end of that same organza and starts wrapping it around his wrists, until our hands are bound and bound to each other's.

From his vantagepoint above me, he can see the excitement in my eyes as he interlocks his fingers with mine. My legs come up around his waist and I can feel his chest hairs abrade against my nipples, teasing them to impossibly hard peaks. His thick member nudges against my clit, and he grinds against it a few times, getting it wet with my juices. His mouth drops down to capture mine, first brushing his lips against my own, then settling on them more insistently. As his tongue penetrates the warm recesses of my mouth, his stiff manhood plunges into my waiting cunny, filling me and stretching me more than I ever thought possible.

His moan fills my mouth even as his cock fills my body, and he begins to move against me, sliding into me with deep penetrating strokes. The pressure begins to build anew, and I start arching against him, grinding my clit against his pubis. The intensity of the feelings cascading through me becomes almost intolerable, and I tear my mouth from his so I could gasp for air. With a scream I come hard around his throbbing member. Moments later, his body tenses up in my arms as he orgasms, calling out my name as he soars over the precipice...

The echo of my scream filling the room fully awoke me from my mostly sound slumber. I sat up in bed, the covers pooling at my waist, exposing my full, bare breasts. The cool room did nothing to assuage the heat pouring through my veins and pulsing throughout my center. I looked over at my lover, his breaths quiet and rhythmic in the early morning silence. My hand trailed over his side as I planted soft kisses against his neck, hoping to arouse him from his sleep.