 The last three months had been hell. Eighteen hour days, seven days a week for almost three months. It was crazy. But let me start at the beginning.

This project had blindsided me. I had expected to plod along, picking up this and that. Most of the group had been together for years. I had bounced from team to team before landing with this one. They were all nice, but not really anyone I'd call a friend. Paula was the friendliest of the bunch. When I first started, she took the time to get to know me. For the first few projects, she fed me stuff to keep me busy and when I showed her I could handle things, she pushed to get me more. Soon I had become a part of the team, but still the junior member. I still remember when Mr. James announced that I'd be the new team lead. 

Tom had just lost his mind and had completely cursed out the IT director for our client. Mr. James had somehow saved the account and suddenly announced that I was to be the new project lead. I was completely shocked. Actually, the only one in the room who wasn't shocked was Paula. She just sat back and smiled to herself. Of the people on the team, I had assumed Chris or Patrick would get the lead position. Apparently, so had they. They both quit the next day. So now we were down to six people instead of nine and had an angry client to cope with. 

After a week, I understood what had set Tom off. The Director of IT for our client was a moron. He changed his demands daily and the project just couldn't move forward. Apparently each department in the firm wanted a say and their IT guy just forwarded everything to me. Finally I decided to do something a bit different. I requested a meeting of all the department heads and left the IT director out. After three days, we finally had all the details we needed. Apparently the IT director was one of the partners son's and he had no idea what he was doing, which is probably what got them into their mess.

My next crazy suggestion was to have one large room for us to work together in, rather then our individual offices. I made sure it was big enough to have a lab so that we could actually lay everything out. Mr. James agreed and a week later, we were working in a large part of the cafeteria, which was quickly walled off. We each still had our office for quiet time, but it turned out we mostly used the lab. By the end of the month, Chris and Patrick had come to me and asked for their jobs back. I just told them they'd need to talk to Mr. James. An hour later, they were back and trying to get caught up with the rest of us. Through the grapevine, I had heard that they liked my ideas and decided they wanted to be part of the team. 

So, now back up to eight bodies, we really started to move. There were seven guys and one lady. Paula was sixty and was working because she liked to work. She became our den mother and was invaluable. Not only did she know her stuff, but she looked after everyone. If someone needed a break, she made sure they got one. If we were working late, which was most of the time, she made sure everyone got dinner. She also paid attention to individual needs and came to me with suggestions. If someone needed time out of the office, I arranged for them to work remotely. Under Tom, you only worked in the office, which led to a lot of tired people.

Three months after starting this project, we were done. Not only done, but under budget and three weeks ahead of schedule. The client was thrilled and Mr. James was even happier. We were hanging out in our make shift conference room making idle chatter. It felt kind of strange. After three months of hectic activity, we had nothing to do. The door opened and Mr. James entered. "I can't tell you guys how happy the client is right now, which by default makes me happy. I didn't tell anyone about this, but because we finished three weeks early, you earned the company $750,000 bonus." We were stunned. We didn't know about the bonus. "You will all be finding quite a bit more in your next checks. Plus, tonight, dinner will be on me. We have reservations at the finest steak restaurant in town. The reservation is for twenty, which means each of you get to bring your significant other and the tab is on me. Be ready at 7 o'clock. A car will be ready to pick each of you up to take you to the restaurant and drive you home. I can't have anything happening to any of you. See you tonight." Mr. James left the room and we just all sat there, most of us with our mouth's hanging open. Nothing like this had ever happened as far as we knew. Then the entire team turned to me and let out a huge roar, got up and left. I was left alone for a while, then finally headed out myself. 

Before I got to the door, Mr. James found me and called me into his office. He shut the door and went over to his desk. When he turned back to me, he tossed me something. I caught it and saw a set of keys. I couldn't figure out what they were. Mr. James was just smiling at me. "I knew you wouldn't let me down. That was the best job of leadership I've ever witnessed. The board of directors is making the promotion I gave you permanent, plus making you our top guy. That means an extra $100,000 per year, plus bonuses. You'll see that in your next paycheck. Those keys are to the company's resort in St. Maartin. It's yours for the next two weeks. Charge the tickets to your company card and have fun." I was completely shocked. "I'll see you tonight, then I don't expect to see you for two weeks. We'll have a new project for you when you get back, so rest up."

I thanked Mr. James till he kicked me out of his office. Now here I was, getting ready for an great night. I realized I still had about thirty minutes before the car arrived. As crazy as the past three months had been, I hadn't really had time to date, so I was going stag. I've been divorced for five years and my three boys were off to college. My ex-wife had gotten remarried two years ago to some guy who had "swept her off her feet." He seemed like a nice guy and the boys liked him enough. I had dated, but nothing serious and usually my work had gotten in the way. I certainly didn't have problems meeting girls. At 6'1, 185, I kept myself in good shape. Most girls loved my eyes, a deep blue. 

The car finally arrived and I was taken to the best steak house in the city. The valet opened my door for me and I headed inside. I'd never actually been here but had heard amazing things about it. Mr. James was standing right inside the bar and saw me enther. "Here's the man of the hours." He introduced me to his wife and asked what I wanted to drink. I ordered a bourbon and he had the bartender pour me a big glass of Wild Turkey. "So, how does it feel to finally be free of the client from hell."

"Great. I got home and actually got more then three consecutive hours of sleep." Mrs. James laughed at that and then I was directed over to a small table where all the others were already sitting. Introductions were made and I was finally able to put faces with voices that I had heard and even spoken to over the past three months. Oddly, Paula was without a date, or so I thought. Everyone was feeling pretty good with the completion of the project and it was almost as if they were out of control. A few minutes later a gorgeous girl walked up to the table, saw Paula and said "Granny, there you are. I didn't think to look in the bar."

Granny? Paula brought her granddaughter to this boring event? But then my thought turned to her granddaughter. She stood just slightly shorter then me, dark hair, brown eyes. I tried not to be obvious, but I gave a quick scan up and down. She was certainly an athlete of some kind, but with the dress and shawl she had on, it was hard to really see her body. I looked up quick and saw that Paula was looking at me with an odd smile. "This is my granddaughter JC. She came to visit this weekend and we were supposed to go to dinner. But I didn't want to miss this, so I decided to invite her." I started to do some math and figured she couldn't be older than 20. 

Shortly after Mr. James came over and told us our table was ready. We were ushered into a private room at the back of the restaurant and we all took our seats. It turned out that JC was seated next to me with Paula on my other side. I told Paula I could move so that she could talk to JC, but she just waved her hand at me and told me not to bother. They'd have plenty of time to talk. "Just behave yourself." Then she winked at me. 

I turned to look at JC and saw that she was studying my face. I made some idle conversation with her and found out she was actually 28. Her mom had gotten pregnant when she was just 18. She was a school teacher and was supposed to start back in a few weeks, so had decided to visit her grandmother for the weekend. When her grandfather had announced he was going fishing, she decided to come. The rest of the evening was pretty much a blur. I remember Mr. James standing and congratulating all of us and especially me. He also announced that the entire team had two weeks paid vacation, which earned a huge cheer. Most of the team had gotten up to say a few things, although most of it was just thanking Mr. James for the opportunity. I had gotten up to say a few things and thanked each member, pointing out a few things each of them had contributed. Then the evening was winding down. Mr. and Mrs. James had left as had Chris, James, Robert and Mark. Patrick looked on the verge of exhaustion when his wife nudged him and they made their way to their car. Jeff took that as his cue and he left with his wife as well. That left me with Paula and JC. 

"What a whirlwind, huh? Sorry it's over?" Paula said to me.

"Kind of. I'm not sure what I'm going to do for the next two weeks, that's for sure. And you?"

"I'm going to sit at home and enjoy some quiet."

"Can I ask you a question?" 

"Sure."

"What did you say to Mr. James to get him to pick me to lead the team.?"

"Just the truth. That I thought you were the perfect person to lead. You're a hard worker and know what you're doing. Plus you're laid back enough to not let clients like ours get you in trouble. Patrick and Chris would have followed after Tom."

"Yeah, but why? You really pissed them off."

"I see a lot of my husband in you. Focused, hard working and level headed. Anyone that can put up with me for forty five years deserves a medal. And you remind me of him. I just thought you deserved a chance." She gestured to the room. "And I'd say that I was right."

I couldn't argue with that. "Excuse me, but I need to use the little boys room." I got up and headed to the men's room. When I got back to the table, only JC was sitting there. "Where's Paula?"

"Oh, she decided to head home. She told me you'd get me home safely." She had a devilish smile and her eyes glinted. 

"Oh really. That was awfully nice of her." I just smiled back to her. It was 11:30 already, but my nap had done me well. "How about an after dinner drink?" and I offered her my hand.

"I was hoping you'd ask." She took my hand and I headed out front. My car came and we got into the back seat. "Where to sir?" I was asked and I mentioned a small bar about two blocks from my condo. Fifteen minutes later we were sitting in a booth in the back with our drinks. I was still sipping bourbon while she drank a Pinot that she seemed to be enjoying. The conversation went well. She's been teaching for about five years and loved it. She taught Kindergarten in a private school back home. She liked the younger kids because they weren't too mouthy yet. She also enjoyed the outdoors and spent most of her weekends biking, hiking and kayaking around the state. "I've got two of my own kayaks. Maybe I can show you some of the local sites next time you're in town."

"I'd like that. Although I have to admit, I've been pretty much all over this area since I was a kid. But that doesn't mean I wouldn't want to go with you." She gave me a big smile, then took a sip of her wine. She was quite the hottie. Without the shawl I was able to get a good look at her cleavage. She had to be at least a C-cup. I caught myself staring and looked up, only to realize she'd been watching me stare. She had a devils grin now. "Like what you see?"

What could I say? "Very much. Sorry for staring though. It's been a long day and I'm getting tired." I gave her a lame smile, hoping she wouldn't be offended. I half expected her to ask me to take her home.

"It's OK, really. So, my grandmother told me you were single."

Now why had Paula told her that? Boy, I must be tired. Go with it dummy. "Yeah, I've been divorced for almost five years and this last project pretty much killed any free time to meet anyone. How about you?"

"Single, for the past six months actually. I was engaged to a guy I met in college, but after three years he still couldn't commit to a date, so I told him I'd had enough. To my dismay, he wasn't upset. Apprently he was only with me because he was too lame to break up with me himself."

"Say what? Why'd he want to do that?"

"I never got a real answer from him, but I found out last month that he's actually gay. When I found out, I went kind of crazy and confronted him. He didn't even deny it. He'd been gay since high school, but kept me around because he was an ex-jock and had an image. When he got cut last year, he decided to come out of the closet, but didn't know how to tell me."

"Ouch, that must have sucked. I'm really sorry."

"Oh, it really did. I had wondered for a long time and some of my girlfriends had even made comments about it. But he treated me really well. And I did love him."

"So, how has it been since you guys broke up?"

"Lonely actually. I've only been on one date, and that was a disaster. I figured being away from college, maybe I'd meet some decent guys. I joined a gym to get back in shape and all the guys did was hit on me. Then the one date I finally agree to turns out to be a complete loser. He got drunk during dinner and then threw up all over my shoes. Then in the cab, tried to kiss me." She momentarily lost focus and chuckled. "I wonder if his eye has stopped swelling yet." She regained focus and looked at me. "I really slugged him. Hope that doesn't scare you away."

I just looked at her then started laughing. "No, just as long and I don't see your fist coming at me." We laughed about that for a while and then I let out a huge yawn. 

"You look like you're ready to go to bed." she said to me. 

"I'm OK. I'm having a good time and don't really want this to end." She smiled at me and I took a chance. "My condo is right around the corned. Would you like to come up with me?"

"I'd like that. I almost thought I was going to be going home alone." I didn't waste time. I paid the bill and led JC by the hand out the door. I told the driver he was free to leave and gave him a pretty nice tip for waiting outside for me. Then I led JC to my condo. We got in the front door and before I had it closed, JC was pushing up against me and we were kissing. I finished shutting the door and locked it, then grabbed JC around her waist and pulled her close. She had me pinned against the door while our mouths explored each others mouth. I felt her long hair swinging free and grabbed a handful, then pulled down so that her neck was exposed. I started kissing my way down her neck while my other hand explored lower down her body. My hand found her tit and I gave it a small squeeze. I was right, at real handful and firm. Then I spun her around so that she was pinned against the wall. I let go of her hair and found the zipper of her dress and slowly pulled it down. Once I had it far enough, I reached up and pulled the strap off of her shoulder. When it was pull off of her shoulder, I stepped back so that I could get a good look at her body. She gave the straps a shrug and the dress fell to her waist. She was now standing in front of me in a black lacy bra and her dress bunched around her hips. She stepped forward, wiggled her hips sexily till her dress fell down to her feet, then she stepped out of the dress. Her panties matched her bra. She bent down, picked up her dress and laid it carefully over the arm of my couch. 

Damn she was hot. Her tits her big and firm, her tummy was flat with the tease of a six pack. Her hips had a perfect flare and her legs were well toned. She was a sex goddess come alive. "So, do you like what you see?"

"Hell yeah. You're gorgeous."

She smiled at that and stepped forward. I met her halfway and soon we were kissing passionately. I reached behind her to undo her bra, but she pushed me back first. "It's only fair that I get to see you in your undies since you're seeing me in mine." She reached out and undid each button of my shirt slowly. When she got to the bottom button, she pulled the shirt tails out of my pants, then pulled my shirt off. Then she stepped back to look. "For man of 40, you have one hell of a body. My ex didn't even look as good as you and he was a football player." Talk about ego boost. My head almost exploded. 

She stepped back up to me, reached out and took off my belt. "Maybe we can use that later." I almost shot my load right there. Next was my pants and I was soon kicking them onto the couch with her dress. "If it weren't for the brown socks, I'd give you a 9 out of ten." I just stepped up to her and we were kissing hot and heavy. This time when I reached for the clasp of her bra, she didn't stop me. Soon it was on the couch with our other clothes and I was admiring a perfect set of tits. They were big, round and firm. The nipples were sticking straight out and her aureole were as big as silver dollars. I stepped up the her again and grabbed her hair, pulled her head back and started to kiss her neck. Her breathing started to get fast again, but instead of stopping at her neck, I kissed my way down to her tits. I then took one nipple into my mouth and started to suck and lick. This seemed to really get her going as she started making small mewing noises. I let her hair go and let my fingers start to explore lower down her body. I slid my fingers between her legs and found her crotch was moist and hot. One quick swipe of her pussy and she almost jumped out of her skin. "Take me to your room, please."

I didn't ask questions, just took her hand and led her to my bedroom. She got onto my bed and pulled her panties off. Her pussy was trimmed all the way down except for a patch just above her clit. I also noticed a small tattoo of a rose just to the right of her patch and a small ring right through her clit. I was surprised and it must have shown. "I got that in college. I had some others, but when I started teaching decided to take them out. Since that one is completely hidden, I left it."

"It's awesome. I've never been with anyone who's clit was pierced." I climbed onto the bed with her and we were kissing, but it didn't seem as urgent. I let my fingers explore again and they soon found their way between her legs again. I felt her adjust herself, then spread her legs wide. I let my fingers wander between her legs and found her pussy soaking wet. The lips were already puffy and she was extremely slick. I rubbed around her pussy, purposely avoiding her clit. She was moaning pretty loud already and then finally "Please touch my clit. I need to feel you touching me. I love having my clit rubbed. Please." It almost sounded desperate, so I touched it lightly. Her hips jerked away and she let out a long groan. Then I rubbed some more, this time not letting her pull away. "Yeah, just like that. Don't stop. I need more." This time I pulled my finger away and just before she complained, I stuck my tongue out and gave her clit a long, slow lick. "Oh fuck yeah. More, please give me more." So I did. She was going crazy now and it was all I could do to hold on. "Lick me. Lick my clit. Oh how I love having my clit licked. Give it to me." I had one arm wrapped around her leg so she couldn't pull away, then with my other hand, I slid a finger inside of her pussy. She was completely wet and slick, so I used a second finger inside while I continued to lick her clit. She was going nuts now and her body was bucking like a wild horse. When I curled my fingers up and rubbed the ridges inside and sucked her clit into my mouth, she exploded. I'm sure my neighbors must have heard the scream and then my mouth was filled with her cum. I didn't let her loose and continued me internal and external assaults. Her bucking got more and more crazy and finally she reached down and pushed me away. She kept thrashing for a few more minutes before she finally calmed down. She was lying still now, but her breathing was still ragged and every once in a while her body would shudder with small spasms. 
