 Genevieve slowly walked into the room, watching the man's expression as he watched every movement of her nude body. "Were you waiting for me, Jase?"

Lifting his wrists to show the cuffs chaining him to the bed as he said, "Did I really have much of a choice, Gen?"

"I suppose not." She smiled seductively as she climbed onto the bed. "Do you want me to let you go?"

"I don't know. Katie and I just broke up yesterday. Maybe it's too soon," he said hoarsely as she moved closer to him.

"I think that we've waited too long as it is. How long has it been? I know I wanted you the first time I saw you and that was what now, two years?" She rested her hand on his chest as she draped her body over him. "What about you? How long have you wanted me?"

"Longer than you know," he whispered as she lowered her mouth slowly to his. 

Genevieve pressed her lips to his quickly opening wider as he pushed his tongue into her mouth. She slid her hand lower and lower down his chest and stomach, hovering above his engorged member. She moaned as he suddenly thrust his hips upward to her hand. 

Breaking their kiss he said, "God, Gen, I have never wanted anyone so badly. I feel like I could burst."

"You will, more than once." She smiled. "You're mine for quite a while. We have a lot of time to make up for."

She pressed her lips to his collarbone, pleased by his groan. She moved over him slowly slipping down, placing soft kisses as she went. She parted her lips, easing him into her mouth.

Jayson thought he would die as he felt her tongue slither over his engorged member. It was as if a thousand raging fires had alit within him. After all the time spent dreaming of this woman she was finally a reality.

Genevieve slid her mouth tightly over every glorious inch of him, relishing the look of rapture on his face. His piercing blue eyes met hers, his full lips parted as he moaned. Her gaze followed his trim, toned body down to the thick 9 inches that was the focus of her fantasies.

"Holy shit, Gen, if you don't stop, I'm gonna cum!" he groaned.

She paused for a moment, "I've waited patiently," she smiled. "Until now, that is. I want to taste you, Jase." She slid her mouth back over his pulsating member, with renewed vigor. She increased her pace, feeling him tense before exploding.

Jayson stared at her in wonder as she slowly licked the last drop of cum from her bottom lip. "I've never... I mean... it's never been like that before."

"How do you mean?" Genevieve asked innocently as she continued her ministrations bringing a new volley of shivers to his body.

"I've never felt something so amazing. I feel like I've died and gone to heaven." Jayson grinned at her sheepishly.

"I've barely gotten started," she smiled as she climbed atop of him. She gasped when she lowered herself onto his rigid shaft. She slowly began grinding against him, occasionally lifting from him only to slam back down, taking him deep inside of her.  

Jayson watched her arch her back, feeling her clench his rod as orgasm washed over her, wave after wave of pulsating pleasure. He pulled roughly against the cuffs, trying to free himself, in his desire to touch the gorgeous creature above him. " Please, Gen, let me go. I want to touch you."

Genevieve rushed to free him, wanting just as badly to feel his hands on her body. "God, yes, Jase. Make love to me."

Jayson laid her gently back on the bed. "You are more beautiful than I could have ever imagined." He lowered his mouth, lightly teasing her lips. Sliding his tongue slowly to her collarbone, his hand hovered barely above one of her breasts. He heard her slight intake of breath as his hands gently caressed her glistening skin. 

She moaned softly, aching her back up as his mouth closed over her nipple. He slid his hands under her back sending shivers up her spine. She eagerly met his kiss, their tongues a swirling vortex as he gently slipped a finger inside of her. She thrust her hips toward him, searching for more. She was quivering by the time he slid his body down hers so that his head was between her thighs.

Jayson inhaled the sweet musky scent of his goddess before tentatively touching his tongue to her. He delved his tongue into her, her frantic writhing causing his senses to whirl. He eagerly lapped at the juices that were flowing freely from her as she neared the peak. Sliding his fingers easily within her, he felt her body clench as he brought her to orgasm. "You taste so good, Gen, " he groaned burying his face between her thighs with delight. His cock ached with wanting.

"I want you inside me, Jase, please..." Genevieve whimpered, quivering with anticipation. She thrust her hips upward when she felt the tip of his cock nudge at her cunt. An earth shattering orgasm rushed over her as he sheathed himself in her.

He held her tightly for a moment before moving within her, not wanting the pleasure to end. He wanted the moment they had both dreamt of to last forever. He moved slowly, trying to show her the words he could not say. He covered her mouth with his, trying to taste her rapture. He steeled himself, amazed at her tightness.

She could feel him trying to hold back, wanting to prolong their pleasure. Genevieve felt stretched; never had she felt such a perfect sense of fullness. She arched to meet his thrusts as their lovemaking became more frenzied. Wave after wave of pleasure washed over her. She whimpered as he suddenly pulled out of her.

"Come here," he whispered, climbing off of the bed. Jayson again marveled at her beauty as she moved toward him. He turned her around and bending her over the bed, thrust into her with a groan. Feeling his own orgasm near, he moaned, "I'm sorry, Gen, you're so fucking tight. I can't wait anymore."

"Oh yes, Jase. Fuck me, baby, please. Break me!" she screamed as he pounded her over the peak.

Jayson felt the world drop away as exploded in ecstasy. When their bodies ceased quivering, he pulled out. Pulling her against him, he lightly kissed her lips. "I can't believe I fought against this for so long." He glimpsed the tears in her eyes. "What is it, Gen? Are you sorry?"

"Oh God, no. It's kind of silly, but I guess that I'm just afraid this isn't real. It's never been this wonderful with anyone else. I guess I'm afraid that I'll wake up and this will have all been a glorious dream." 

He lifted her chin, "It's real, Gen, I promise. And we've barely begun. Now that I've got you, I may never let you go." Jayson laughed as he picked her up and laid her back down on the bed. As they lie together, he began thinking of the limitless possibilities to come as he drifted off to sleep.

Jayson opened his eyes and looked at the woman sleeping beside him in wonder. 'Wow did that really happen last night. I can't believe it. It actually really happened. Damn, what the hell did I do right to get what she gave me last night? After all of this time I finally got what I really wanted. That was the best sex I had ever had and with someone that I have wanted for a long time. I am still in shock that I actually got to have sex with her. Wow. I want more but how should I go about getting what I want?' he thought. He climbed out of the bed, careful not to wake her. As he took a quick shower he replayed the events of the previous evening. He felt himself harden with renewed desire for the beautiful creature that had been the object of all of his fantasies. After drying himself off, he went into the kitchen. Investigating the items in the refrigerator, he got an idea. He smiled as he carefully arranged the fruit and whip cream on a tray. He quietly carried it into the bedroom and set it on the nightstand. As he eased himself onto the bed next to her, he picked up a strawberry and lightly trailed it over first one breast then the other. His breath caught in his throat as her eyes fluttered open and she gazed up at him with brilliant passion filled eyes.

"Jase..." Genevieve whispered his name.

"Good morning, Sleeping Beauty," Chris replied, dabbing a bit of whip cream onto a nipple.

She moaned softly as his head dipped to lightly lick at the sweet cream. Her back arched her back, pressing her breasts closer to him. He smiled up at her before adding more cream to her breasts, pausing to offer her a bite of berry. She parted her lips gently taking the fruit into her mouth, watching his every move. Genevieve gasped as he parted her thighs, covering her core with cream gently slipped the fruit into her.

Jayson inhaled her scent as he had the night before, as the sweetness of his treats mingled with her own musky perfume. He felt her body quiver in anticipation as his mouth hovered above her, lightly breathing his heated breath onto her. His tongue skimmed the juncture of her thighs before dipping to gently nibble at the ripe berry.

Genevieve whimpered as she thrust her hips upward wanting more. "Jase..." she moaned when she felt his tongue make his way upward to her clitoris. He eased his fingers inside of her and fireworks exploded with in her as a powerful orgasm made her scream with pleasure.

When her body stopped shaking, he moved his body to cover her, burying his full length into her with one quick thrust. "Holy shit, Gen!" he could barely contain himself as she wrapped her legs tightly around him. He moved deep within her as she writhed beneath him. It wasn't long before he felt himself swell, bursting forcefully inside her. 

After a few moments, Genevieve smiled up at him, "Good morning." She gently brushed a lock of hair from his face, pressing a soft kiss to his forehead.

"Definitely a good morning," Jayson replied, lifting off of her. "I thought we could spend the day in bed." He smiled at her with wink.

"Sounds like heaven..." Genevieve whispered as she took his outstretched hand.