 Before you read this story I have to tell you that it is a little odd. I adapted it from the hottest dream I have ever had. In keeping with that theme I decided to keep all of the strange and disjointed elements intact so that maybe will experience it the way I did. As a result you will find the characters referred to only by pronouns or descriptions and not by name which may be a little confusing. Hopefully it won't detract from the story too much and you will enjoy it as much as I did.

She stepped up to the door of the tall narrow nondescript building at the edge of town. Her boots made a hollow ring on the cement walk and the hem of her silk dress fluttered high on her thighs. The deep emerald color brought out the flaming highlights in her coppery hair and flattered her pale creamy skin. It had a very low, loose back and a plunging neckline held up by a bow at the nape of her neck. She carried nothing but the engraved invitation and her only jewelry was a heavy silver choker tight around her throat.

A guard was standing just inside the door, his slim build in direct contrast to the air of danger that surrounded him. She held out the gilded invitation and her hand shook with nervous energy.

"I see you are expected. Let me escort you upstairs." He drew her hand to the crook of his elbow, the movement smooth and practiced, and began to lead her up a long winding staircase. The air filled with the smoky sweet herb smell of incense and the deep bass rumble of a driving rock beat. The combination soon turned her insides to jelly and had her swaying slightly to the rhythm as they walked. Her escort placed his free hand over her trembling fingers and leaned in close to murmur in her ear.

"You are safe here." She didn't even realize how tense she had become until his warm cinnamon breath brushed over the delicate shell of her ear. He released her hand and pulled her closer into the shelter of his body, his large hand coming to rest over her hip. His long blunt fingers traced slow circles against her overheated skin, the thin layer of silk providing no real barrier.

At the next floor they came to an ornate door. There seemed to be no other place to go from where they stood. She took a deep fortifying breath and opened a door into another world. Heavy steam hung in the air and obscured her vision for just a moment before clearing to reveal several people in various states of undress and engaging in acts that had her breath coming in pants. She became intensely aware of the thick steam plastering her dress to her tingling skin.

A raised wood burning sauna pit proved to be the source of both the steam and the herbal smoke. A handsome young man ladled water onto the brazier of hot stones in the top and tucked bundles of herbs into the coals below. She turned a questioning eye up to her escort but he only shrugged as if it were completely normal.

Her boot heels clicked against the gleaming tile. The patterns of white and shimmering gold created a path to the far side of the room and another ornate gilded door. They stepped out into the chill of the landing and her nipples tightened into tingling buds pressing with blatant invitation against the thin cold damp silk of her dress. The crisp arctic air made her shiver in contrast with the liquid heat pooling in her core. Her escort slid his warm hand against the bare skin of her lower back exposed by the daring cut of her dress. His thumb traced a slow path against her spine just where it arched into the fullness of her ass, causing her to shiver for a completely different reason.

They continued up the stairs in silence, the pounding of the distant music throbbing in her veins. At the landing they came upon yet another heavy carved door. Her escort reached forward and opened it allowing his long fingers to delve into the loose back of her dress and brush gently along her ribs.

He ushered her into a room lit only by glowing candle light. It seemed to flicker in time with her heartbeat and the music still thrumming in her blood. On various beds and couches and even against the wall several groups of men and women were enthusiastically making love. Her breath caught and she leaned back into her escort both for support and because she needed to feel the sensation of a hard male body up against her. He pressed her fully against the heat of his chest and she could feel the hot hard evidence of his arousal. She shivered and a slick helpless need pooled between her thighs.

Knowing they had not yet reached their destination, her escort reluctantly stepped back a pace to clear his mind of the sensual fog. She wasn't his, at least not tonight. They continued through the room, weaving through a maze people. Hands from all directions reached out to caress them as they passed.

As they neared the final door the music throbbed louder, a heavy driving beat though not any recognizable melody. Her escort turned to face her and drew her close to his body. He felt her shiver with a mixture of arousal and apprehension. She leaned into him and would have tucked her head into the safe haven of his chest if he hadn't reached up to tilt her face up to his. His lips pressed against hers in a feather light kiss.

"This is where we must part." He whispered against her lush mouth, "Though I hope we will meet again." He reached out with his free hand and opened the final door.

The music crashed over her in a nearly palpable wave. A sea of gyrating bodies filled the room with the odor of clean sweat and lust. At the far end of the room a tall figure leaned against the bar. He hadn't seen her yet and her eyes took the opportunity to drink him in. He turned toward her as if feeling her gaze. She walked slowly across the room suddenly realizing that nearly everyone was nude or partly so. They reached out and touched her as she passed but she paid them no heed, intent on the man by the bar.

She stopped in front of him, just beyond his reach and raised one hand to the bow at the nape of her neck. One slow, sensuous pull and the dress fluttered to the floor leaving her standing before him in only her boots and the silver necklace. His shirt was unbuttoned, hanging loose, and the top button of his jeans was undone. She stepped away from the pool of silk and slid her hands up his strong chest. He towered over her. Even in her tallest heels he still made her feel delicate and small, her head nestled under his chin.

She noticed with a disconnected part of her mind that the sea of writhing people had disappeared as if no more than a wisp of smoke. The music too had changed. No longer a hard and fast pounding that echoed in her bones, it had slowed to a throbbing rumble that pulsed in all her softer places. His big hands ran up and down her trembling body leaving trails of white hot flame flickering over her skin. She gripped his shoulders tightly and raised her lips to the warm column of his throat. His pulse rushed faster beneath her tongue and she reveled in the wild salty taste of him.

A growl rumbled low in his throat and he buried his hands in her silky hair. His mouth came down on hers with bruising hungry force and half a second later she found her back pressed up against the bar. He tugged gently on her hair, forcing her head back to give himself better access to her delicate throat. She raised her foot to the rungs of a bar stool and felt the rough denim of his jeans rasp the smooth skin of her inner thigh. He rained kisses across her shoulders and collar bones, gentle in contrast with his fingers roughly digging into the cheeks of her ass.

He raised his eyes to her heated gaze, her eyes darkened by desire. He leaned in close to her body and boosted her up to sit on the bar deliberately letting her feel the strength of his hard chest against her softer body. Her thighs spread wide to allow him to press close to her damp core. The sweet musky scent of her filled the space between them and his nostrils flared like a feral animal scenting his prey.

He pressed her down until her shoulders touched the bar and her hair trailed down like threads of coppery silk among the longneck bottles in the open cooler. He ran his palms over her breasts, her back arching with fissions of pleasure when his hungry mouth found her nipples. One after the other he sucked and nibbled, skirting the fine edge of pain before laving them gently again.

His fingers traced a path over shoulders and down her arms leaving gooseflesh in their wake. He grasped her wrists and pushed them out to the sides and back until she grasped the far edge of the bar top. She lay before him like a sacrifice, her chest heaving with anticipation. Her fingers gripped the wood with white-knuckled intensity. His hands raced over her body in strokes firm and then feather light.

He kissed her softly rounded belly, tongue darting into her naval. A sheen of perspiration clung to her skin like dew. He kissed his way lower, liking the way she whimpered quietly when he lifted his head. Her whimpers grew louder when he lifted her thighs to rest on his powerful shoulders. He kissed her thighs, licking closer and closer but never quite reaching the slick folds at her center. She squealed and writhed when he gently bit the ridge of tendon between her thigh and groin. His hands lifted her ass and she gave a low moan when his tongue finally found her pussy. He traced the lips then delved deeper tasting every inch of her. His tongue slid inside her pussy, lapping and spearing with manic abandon.

He reached down and unzipped his jeans; his thick erection sprang free as the dropped to the floor. He pulled her toward him until only her shoulders rested on the bar, her weight supported by her thighs on his burly shoulders. She thrilled at the thought that she was at the mercy of his considerable strength. He lifted her trembling legs from his shoulders and wrapped them around his muscular torso. He grabbed her twisting hips and lowered her down his body until the broad head of his dick pressed against her tight slickness.

He growled with pleasure and began to slowly enter her. She felt her body stretch to accommodate his impressive girth. He controlled the speed of his penetration with his hands on her hips, loving the way she moaned and bucked her pelvis in an attempt to take him in faster. When he finally hit her cervix he ground his pubic bone against her clit. She cried out and her body shuddered. He felt her internal muscles clench and ripple up and down the length of his shaft when her orgasm overtook her. He paused there fully buried inside her to allow her a moment to come back to herself.

She began to slowly rock her hips against him, allowing him to control the depth of penetration but working her slick pussy over him. He withdrew slowly, his dick coated with her juices. He began a steady pace pumping full length into her tight grasping sheath, each stroke forcing the head of his cock over her g-spot. The pressure built quickly until she began to babble, begging him to fuck her harder, to giver her more.

Her orgasm began at the top of her head and ran down her body leaving gooseflesh in its path. Her body went cold and hot and she screamed silently as she gushed hot fluid across his lower belly. Her pussy tightened around his dick and he groaned. Jet after jet of his cum flooded her quivering pussy.

He hooked a barstool with his toe, drug it behind him and collapsed onto it, pulling her up tight against his still heaving chest, her legs still locked firmly around his narrow waist. Soothing hands clasped the back of her neck and caressed her spine. Small aftershocks rippled the muscles of her pussy around his slowly softening shaft. She nuzzled his sweaty neck and clung to his shoulders...